Suddenly... Being small didn't seem so bad, now did it?
against his thigh, big and overpowering, causing Tony to moan in both surprise and elation, “Steve…”
“Shit. Shit. What the hell?” Tony gasped out as Steve continued to massage his prostate and slowly stretch him, and when a third finger was added, Steve had to actually shut him out with a kiss, unless they wanted Tony’s scream to actually wake up everyone currently sleeping at Clint’s main house. Steve quickened the pace of his fingers just as he fastened the strokes on his cock, panting himself against Tony’s mouth as he breathlessly chanted Steve’a name non-stop.
His thoughts came to an abrupt halt when a wet tongue came in contact with his entrance, and Tony gasped out loud out of his stupor. He had been so lost midst his own pleasure that he completely missed Steve stripping him bare, and now watched with wide eyes and gasping breaths as Steve licked and kissed at his entrance while one of his hands worked on Tony’s erection. The warm press of a tongue against him had Tony gasping out loud a shuddering moan, which received a noise of approval from Steve as he pressed further and actually invaded Tony with his tongue. From that moment on, Tony was pretty sure there was another open latch on top of his room, because he was seeing stars.
First he was horrified, “
Tony wanted to scream at the absurdity of it all, but he couldn’t do anything but melt into the embrace and enjoy the feeling of finally having Steve’s body against his, pouring warmth and power, but also holding him as if he was something delicate, worth of gentleness and protection. He held Tony like he cared.
Steve, had sprinted towards him like his life depended on it.
“I want to be inside you,” Steve announced, causing Tony to shut his mouth and sit up to gape at him. Steve’s voice was absolutely low and delicious, like an animalistic rumble that succeeded in sending shivers down Tony’s spine. “Can I, Tony?” Steve tenderly caressed his cheek, “Would you give me the honor of having you?”
Mrs. Romanoff guided the new girl towards Mrs. Maximoff, and after a quick nod, she turned around and left from whence she came. Mrs. Maximoff’s smile hadn’t dimmed even a bit, and as she placed a hand on top of the new girl’s golden hair - it was so pretty! - she addressed the class once more, “Darlings, this is Mary Sarah Rogers. Please be kind and welcome her with open arms, yes?”
"I— uh—," Tony stuttered, looking from Steve's face to their hands, and then back at Steve, "Yours is, uh, hilariously bigger. Yeah."
, and if he ever lost him again, Tony wasn’t sure if he would survive it.
? I didn’t know if you meant everything to me, and if I was capable of giving you what you needed. I questioned myself, I wondered, I tried to pretend, but when we fell apart... I only felt that kind of emptiness and visceral pain once in my life, Tony, and it was when I woke up seventy years later and realized I had lost everything.” Tony’s eyes widened, tears rolling unchecked down his cheeks as he stared at the man before him in awe and bewilderment. Steve smiled, shedding a lone tear of his own, “I only have this,
There were little speckles of green midst that world of blue which stared at him; like a set of aphrodisiac islands situated on the vast blue sea that you can only see by magnifying a satellite's image. There was no better adjective to describe those ocean eyes other than 'groundbreaking', because the intensity of the feeling that wracked Tony’s body and almost made him go weak on the knees could not be addressed as less than earth shattering.
Also, be warned, Tiberius and Obadiah are disgusting human beings, so they will speak as disgusting human beings. They might discuss the possibility of abuse, but it's very light and just hinted... but trust me, there ain't having none of that in this story, because I ain't a fan of that. Thx.
"There is hardly anything 'good' about this afternoon, Mr. Stark." Mrs. Thompson barked while pointing at Peter, "My darling boy was violently assaulted by that little delinquent under your 'prestigious' school's roof!"
Tony cursed, knowing Bruce would have definitely questioned Steve on whatever he meant with calling Tony his ‘everything else’, but now he would never know since a certain titanic raisin had blew up the compound and everything inside it, so he grit his teeth and ran a nervous hand through his face.
"Saying I got small hands that are good enough to help with tinkering? What kind of compliment is that?!" Tony's nostrils flared, earning himself an eyeroll from Bruce as he turned his attention back to the hologram they were studying. Tony's eyes narrowed, "Bruce!"
“I needed to summarize it somehow?” He feebly suggested, plopping down the nearest comforter, “I really need your help with this.”
staying, which reminded him...
Natasha nodded and disappeared behind the door, leaving Tony to glare back at Mrs. Thompson. "Again, I understand you are upset Mrs. Thompson, but I need to ask you to have some decency in the presence of the children. We still need to figure out what happened between them."
“Come now, Stane. You are only behind that desk because I helped put you there, so this house is as much mine as it is yours, therefore, I may come and go anywhere as I damn please.” Tiberius arrogantly pointed out, earning an eye roll from the older man. “But you haven’t answered me. How is delightful Anthony fairing today?”
But his happiness didn’t last for long, of course. Apparently Howard thought it was time he intervened and did something about Tony’s “defiance”, as he called, and that’s how Tiberius Stone entered his life.
He didn’t need to ask a third time, since Steve’s pace quickened so damn brutally that Tony could do nothing but yell and continuously hit the mattress as countless shockwaves of pleasure wracked through his body whenever Steve hit home. They continued like this for god knows how long before Tony felt the telltale of his climax building up inside his stomach, causing him to contract around Steve and make him grunt louder and louder at each thrust, “I-I’m close,” Steve whispered against his ear, earning another strangled moan from Tony, “with me, sweetheart. Come on.”
"Tony!" Steve laughed, earning a huff from the mechanic, "What do you need?"
No, he wasn't fine. There was a small track of blood running down his nose since he had apparently landed on his face once he fell, and Tony felt another spark of fury light up within him.
sound interesting and really fun, mainly math, since he had to use it a lot to make his inventions and programs, but at school? It was just
Who, given her naturally overprotective nature, clearly hadn’t liked what she heard given her narrowed eyes and serious expression.
"Oh shit!" he beamed at Steve, who visibly relaxed on his chair at Tony's positive reaction, "Then one more reason to bring her here! She needs special attention."
Struggling, he threw his arms around Steve's neck, burying his fingers through his soft hair as he lost himself in the feeling of being so hungrily kissed by the man he had been desiring for the past two years.
called Tony cute for whatever reason, the man could do nothing but melt. A little secret agent who learned a bit too much from her aunt 'Tasha', much for Tony's chagrin and Steve's neverending amusement.
Captain America was a deity, flawless and larger than life. A myth, unreachable, untouchable.
He finally forced himself to look away from their hands and meet Steve's gaze, and Tony was immediately struck by the overwhelming softness that seemed to ooze from the captain's eyes, which somehow had become even bluer since the last time Tony had looked into them a few minutes ago.
you to understand that, because we can’t face this or any other threat and win, if we are not working together.” Large hands came to rest on top of Tony’s shoulders, “I need you to focus and tell me what is wrong, so maybe I can help you lessen the burden out of your shoulders. I’ve failed to tell you this before, and I won’t repeat this mistake again.”
Tony quirked a brow at her icy tone, smirking playfully as he teased, "My oh my, Mrs. Romanoff. Not even a good afternoon? I'd hate to be the kid who has gotten on your bad side today."
understand, Steve. I don’t know what happened!” Tony bit back, shutting Steve up and making him clench his jaw, “You
man, who always seemed to demand all of her daddy’s attention when he finally had some free time from his work, so she had to mostly spend time with her big brother and his friend Ned, and daddy just seemed just so
Tony eyed him in confusion as the king swiftly removed his pelt cloak from his shoulders and draped it around Tony’s nude body instead. He gasped in surprise as the soft fur caressed his skin and hid his modesties from prying eyes, revelling in the warmth and dizzy with the delicious smell that wafted from it—King Steven’s smell—which was heady and intoxicating,
“To reestablish the balance between life and death, the debt must be paid in blood,” Grumpy Brunette explained with a thick accented voice, apparently noticing his king was otherwise preoccupied, “Your father has slaughtered our people with no concern. Evil men died, as much as innocent ones did, so it’s only natural for the debt to be paid the same way.” The man twirled the mace in his hand, “The natural order must be restored, unless you want the wrath of the All-Father to be wrought upon your souls in the afterlife.”
He closed his eyes and whimpered.
— round, Tony called quits once his body pretty much stopped responding and he felt blissfully sore all over. Steve in other hand, aside panting heavily, seemed completely fine and ready for more, and the lazy, satisfied smile that stretched his adorably rosy lips made Tony wish he had energy for a seventh last round.
Tony felt a wave of warmth engulf him as he lowered his head and smiled faintly, cheeks tinged red at the thought Steve had been so adamant about finding him while he drifted in space, “Sounds like Steve…”
“Nope. Knowing myself, I’ll back down in the last minute if I try to talk things out right now, but maybe a little visual incentive will help to strengthen my resolve.” He finished wiggling his brows comically and causing Carol to burst out laughing and shake her head fondly.
"You see, I really like Peter. He is a very smart boy, and I have no doubt Mary is much the same, so I'd love to have both being nurtured by my school, and who knows, maybe even have a special spot in my future project of the Stark Industries Internship program once they start college." Tony had said that as if it was the most natural thing in the world, but it was clear the offer was more than a little overwhelming for Mr. Rogers, if his starstruck expression was any indication.
so I can’t afford to just… stop.” Tony looked right into the depths of that absurdly blue gaze, which held his own with… was that… adoration?
” —, and Tony would have been annoyed had he not been a besotted fool that couldn’t handle a smile from the man without blushing like a schoolgirl with a crush
“Pleaaaase Mr. Stark,” Mary whined.
“Just barely. The rest of the footage was corrupted,” he explained, tugging again at Steve’s beard and causing him to release a soft huff.
, a surprised moan erupted from Tony’s throat, which had Steve snapping his head up to stare at him - eyes fully blown and sparkling with interest.
"Tony!" Bruce protested as he was unwillingly dragged into the metal box that began to move as soon as they entered it, "Are you serious about this? I was just joking!"
“Well, we are in luck then,” Steve apparently found his voice, releasing Tony’s waist and placing them on each side of Tony’s neck, with his thumbs gently caressing his cheeks, “because I sure hell feel the same.”
… Who was standing right before him. Tony dry-swallowed.
stepping down!” Steve hit his fist against the table with force enough for the makeshift furniture to crack, causing Bucky to close his eyes and sigh in resignation, “I’m not stopping until every single one of them is either dead or captured, and that serves for Hydra as well. If their attack on the Northern kingdoms were orchestrated by Stane, then
“I suppose…” Steve relented, his chuckles dying out gradually as he focused back on Tony. They held each other’s gazes in silence for a moment, until Steve opened his mouth again, “But it doesn’t change the fact that I was the one who blamed you in your vision, and seeing how I’ve been treating you since we’ve met, I guess is not hard to understand why.”
“Yeah, you made that pretty clear,” she rolled her eyes, not unkindly, and smirked at him, “spill, tin can.”
. “Pass the call to my phone.”
"Hmhum," Steve humored him, seeming far too busy exploring the column of Tony's throat to argue with him. Tony ended up sighing, looking over Steve's shoulder and eyeing the living room with the inviting couch and the big television, a smug smile spreading his lips.
“Thank you so much,” Steve brought one of Tony’s hands to his lips, kissing at his knuckles and sending another wave of shivers down his entire body, “tell me what to do. I don’t want to hurt you.”
concerning.”
“No. I don’t wanna hear it.” Tony interrupted him, getting up and walking towards the big squared window situated on one of the wooden walls. “I want none of it, Cap. It’s my fault, of damn course I’m not fine. Billions might die because of a mistake of mine, and I just,” Tony let out a shuddering breath as he leaned on the window’s railing and gazed into the starry horizon, “I’m one of the biggest brains of this planet, and I still can’t seem to get anything right. It’s ridiculous.”
Steve shot him a confused look, “Who?”
Steven stared at Howard unimpressed, seemingly having expected the answer, “Of course you don’t. You weren’t there when your men and the weapons manufactured by you slaughtered my people, now were you?” He flatly said, and Tony’s stomach dropped, “After all, only a cowardly king doesn’t follow his armies into battle to witness the carnage they wrought.”
every single second of it. It was incredibly fun to be taught about all kind of things by her incredibly smart daddy, since he always made little jokes and found interesting ways of introducing each subject to her, while in school everything was just… terribly boring. Mrs. Maximoff was great, and Morgan had no complaints about the sweet kindergaten teacher, but she just couldn’t see the appeal of the woman’s teaching methods. It was unfair though, after all,
"And I already told you there is nothing to figure out! My son is innocent, and that little bastard is a violent delinquent that should not be allowed near other children!"
“Is he around?”
? This was
“Of all of Howard’s friends, she liked me the less. The woman was polite and helpful as they come, but she always made clear she didn’t trust me much, so she must have had her suspicions regarding my plans, which is why she was all too glad to bring Rogers and his people into her home. Then, one day, she began to speak of Tony to the captain, even though Tony was a forbidden subject to
Bruce then proceeded to reluctantly sit by Steve’s side on another chair, remaining silent for a moment longer before he removed the burner phone from a pocked and offered it to Steve, “
Tony opened his mouth, only to close it again after a second and widen his eyes, "That's not fair!"
"To figure out if you are the smallest among us? Do we really need science to figure that out?"
Tony hugged himself and cried harder.
yourself?” Tony ran his hands up from Steve’s chest down his muscled arms, humming appreciatively as Steve shivered under his touch, “All of this, untouched… feels almost like a crime.”
Tony had no idea what was going on, nor why the king was looking at him with sad, concerned eyes, which held so much gentleness that Tony felt his face warming up. He frowned and hid his face partially with the furs to keep his damp blushed cheeks from sight. He expected lecherous looks, or even angry ones, not this.
“Yeah!” She agreed, looking back at their daddies, “We want to spend more time together.”
"Hey, I haven't done anything!" Bruce protested at the same time Tony said, "He called me tiny, so I want to prove him that I'm not that small."
Of course it almost got them all killed, but thanks to Carol Danvers, that hadn’t happened a second time. Tony had decided to wield the power of the stones and do to Thanos the same he had done to them, but before he could even get to Thanos or the stones, Carol had pounced at him again. With much struggle, she managed to rip the stones off the makeshift glove Tony had made, and the next thing he knew, Thanos and his gigantic army were dust flying in the wind.
‘Genius’. What a joke.
Bruce raised his head to shoot him an unimpressed look, "I was literally just praising you, Tony."
Carol groaned, “For crying out loud— Stark, he addressed you as his ‘everything else’, grew a damn hobo beard—”
Flash scoffed at that, "You know very well who owns the school, Parker. My parents are like this," he rubbed his two index fingers together, "with Principal Stark, so you should know better than to back talk me!"
Oh? "So she's like Peter? Because he sure is one bright cookie for his age."
“I bet you did, judging by what you’ve told me about your fight in 2016 — or should I address it as ‘divorce’?” She smirked, “Who got custody of the kids again?”
“Peter, look!” May squealed, seeming to finally have taken notice of her nephew’s arrival, and beamed brightly at him while pointing at the TV, “Your boss and Captain America are getting married!”
“Thought you were supposed to be the genius,” She teased with a grin, earning a pointed glare from Tony that caused her to laugh, “Fine, fine, it’s just… Honestly, Stark? Rogers is so stupidly obvious that is painful to watch.”
Pride welled inside Tony's chest and he preened at the praise. He was used on getting praises for his school's teaching methods, but it felt like a whole new world of pleasure to hear it coming from Mr. Rogers. "I'm glad to hear that. This place and its methods all came from my mother's lovely mind. I only added a few things here and there."
A few months later Morgan was born, healthy and beautiful and absolutely everything Tony thought he’d never deserve. He was over the moon about his little girl and about his future wife - as they decided to marry once Morgan was born because Darlene didn’t want to look “fat” in her wedding dress - so once they went home that night, he expected nothing but bliss and happiness in his future.
Tony saw Parker flinch in his seat and immediately felt a spark of irritation surge within him. He was particularly fond of the boy and was not liking the effect the woman's wrath was having on the already teary eyed kid. "Mrs. Thompson, although I can understand why you are upset, I'll need you to tone down a notch. Peter is still a child, and I know enough about him to know he would not have attacked your son unprovoked."
Tony didn’t know what response to expect, because if he was honest with himself, he didn’t really expect opening up this much To Steve - a living legend who used to be his childhood hero only to haunt him for the rest of his life as the man he would never become. He wasn’t ready to realize Steve Rogers held so much power over him when Tony had been sure he nothing more than a friend in which he kept at arm’s length, but apparently, his subconscious disagreed.
Dodger howled and departed, prompting the rest of the pack to follow after him. The ground beneath their powerful paws shook violently as the great pack thundered through the fields, with the countless birds of prey that belonged Sam flying like bullets above their heads and Bucky’s saber effortlessly keeping up with them. From anyone looking from outside, their assembly was nothing short of terrifying, but Steve couldn’t care less about appearances at the moment. On usual days, he would be concerned if their group looked scary for bystanders and would cause unnecessary ruckus, but right now, the only thing he cared about was arriving in time to keep Stane and Stone from escaping and avenging his friends. If he died trying, well… then he would just be getting what he deserved for having failed Howard and Maria in the first place, but he was
"Ask me anything. A math problem, whatever you'd like."
need to face against him, so we will need all the power we can get,” he took a large swing of his drink, “so you
Tony at him, mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water. It was hard to think when it felt like every cell of his body had been set aflame by Steve’s sudden proximity, and the fond way Steve was looking at him certainly didn’t help either, making it easy for Tony to lose himself into their depths and feel like he was drowning in that gaze. Floating. Flying.
Rewind.
In less than two minutes, he was running through the glass doors that gave him access to the hangar, which had been already open to allow him passage — no doubt, F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s doing —, just in time to watch the Quinjet’s back door lowering down and his teammates to saunter out of it.
“Huh?”
She then proceeded to call what seemed to be Mrs. Romanoff’s number, since Morgan heard her teacher call the monitor’s name as she spoke in hushed tones. Morgan then she turned her gaze towards Mary, who seemed completely unaware of the impressed looks sent her way, until she wasn’t, “What?” she asked, frowning, “Those were simple math problems!”
“Great. Be a dear and deliver her a message for me.” He commanded as he headed to his workshop’s exit, anxiety tugging at his every nerve.
“So you are the leader? Took you long enough! Do you know how long I’ve been here waiting?!”
” Steve confessed, causing Tony’s heart to skip a beat, “
Steve smirked, leaning back down to capture his lips in another breathtaking kiss, to then whisper against Tony’s ear, “I’d like to see you try, shellhead.”
Steve chuckled, “No, you’re not.”
"You are such a sap and a tease, Rogers. That's unfair."
Tony gasped in fake outrage, “I’m literally  paying for your recovery, you heathen!”
— not seeing him as someone worth of respect sent his mind into a spiral of despair that he just couldn't quite handle.
Tony blinked a few times. She couldn't be serious. "I'm saying we don't know all the facts, and that's precisely what we are trying to understand here."
“Tony, w-wait. I’ll-”
But he never got to answer, since Mary - without any further warning - simply stepped forward and yanked the plushie out of his grasp. He was shocked for a moment, soon scrambling to try and retrieve Mr. Fuzzy, but Mary was having
“Of course I didn’t expect that, Tony! I’m not that much of a clueless asshole!”
even, but she never picked up either.” Tony noticed hurt flash across Steve’s bright blue eyes, but he was too upset to care, “You
“What did you mean by that, big guy?”
"Don't worry, I'll have someone to meet you at the entrance." Tony continued to smile, wondering how surprised would Steve be to arrive to Tony himself expecting them, "Just be sure to arrive on time. I'm a bit of a bitch about everyone's punctuality but mine."
"Are you even real?"
"That's a lie! Mr. Stark is a very good and busy man, he wouldn't waste his time with you and your mean folks!"
"Ask me a question."
Flash snorted in apparent amusement, "Or what, Cinderella? You'll cry?"
Mrs. Thompson's mouth fell ajar, and there was a range of emotions on her face going from scandalized to outright embarrassed, but she didn't say anything else. Pepper would probably scold him for two hours because of his sharp tongue, but he couldn't bring himself to give a fuck. Anyone should know better than to try to act arrogant towards Tony Stark. You mess with the cat, you get the claws. It was simple as that.
Tony huffed and hid his face further against Jarvis’ chest.
"The last thing I feel at the moment is disappointed," Tony assured him, closing his eyes and delighting himself to the feeling of being held so tight by those strong arms, "fuck, you are like a big and warm marshmallow, what the hell, Cap?"
Tony stared at him for a moment at a loss of words. Was this a dream? Would he wake up at any moment with a raging boner and a huge amount of disappointment? Because if it was the case, then he hoped he would never wake up again in his life. Might as well fall into a coma for all he cared.
"'Suppose I am," Steve backed down again, looking deep into Tony's eyes while gently pulling his hand and placing a tender kiss to his knuckles, just like Tony had done with Natasha earlier, "I'll guess that shows not only our hands fit perfectly together, hm?"
happened to turn him into the being he currently is, which makes his attention on us greatly concerning… Not to mention he seemed interested on Tony before he left to the North.”
Steve reached for his face, gently caressing his jaw and asking, “Are you okay?” What made Tony snort in amusement.
“You shut your mouth right now, boy! Don’t you dare shame me even more!” Howard finally exploded, but Tony didn’t flinch away this time. Not this time.
” King Steven nodded, getting to his feet and turning back to his advisers, “
“Well, you still did, didn’t you? So I guess it didn’t matter as much as you think.” He argued, causing Steve to finally look towards him and-
Tony continued to laugh, hiding his face against Steve's neck as he stepped inside the elevator, "If anyone sees me like this, then they definitely will never respect me!"
Anthony!”
After what felt like hours, the kiss finally came to an end, leaving both panting and breathless as they clung to each other for dear life — actually, Tony did. He wasn't trusting his legs much at the moment.
Steve raised a brow to him, “Have what?”
“Very well, your highness,” the leader spoke, catching Tony by surprise by his much less accented English. “Since you so politely asked, I’ll answer. I am Steven Rogersson, and I’d say I come with no desire to cause any harm, but alas, you wouldn’t be able to say the same.”
King Steven then looked ahead towards Howard, and the gentleness in his expression morphed into one of contempt, “I do accept your gift, and the debt will be paid, so worry not. I’m sure you’ll get what you deserve once you reach the realm of the dead.”
“Sure is,” Steve nodded and smiled gently at Tony, “we still have a great mass of media waiting for your big revelation outside, though, and I’m pretty sure Pepper is going to kill you
“Natasha told me that you two can be painfully oblivious, but I didn’t think it was
Tony bit his lip strong enough to draw some blood.
Silence once more impregnated the room, and Tony could do nothing but remain frozen in place, shivering and feeling tears roll unchecked down his cheeks. He knew Howard hated him, God, he knew, but this… this was… he choked up in tears, outright sobbing by the feet of the Vikings who watched in silence. They might as well kill him right then, he just didn’t care anymore.
“And I, you,” Tony rasped, his entire body trembling in desire under Steve’s gentle ministrations, “For far too long. You don’t need to ask me permission.”
"F-Fine."
“Stevie… are you sure about this?”
Bruce shrugged, "Is not like it's a competition, Tony."
Steve started to kiss Tony’s back from the beginning of his spine and upwards, proceeding to massage his hips and earning a pleased grunt from the engineer, “It’s a good thing I told the team to get some rest before we leave in the morning. Would hate to be the reason why you can’t fight Ultron.”
attractive than he had in the footage, with his full beard perfectly trimmed and hair even longer since it looked before, seemingly tied up in a loose bun as some loose strands framed his handsome face.
Morgan’s eyes widened as she marveled at the fact that Mary had just said exactly what she had just been thinking.
Tony remembers looking into those bright blue eyes for the first time in a long time and feeling the walls he had raised around his heart trembling. “
“Sorry
Mr. Rogers chuckled in embarrassment and rubbed the back of his neck, and Tony counted that as an ultimate win. If that man didn't smile as often as Tony hoped, that should be considered a national crime against humanity.
He clapped his hands, interrupting the talk going on between the three of them and earning their attention, "Attention, my most illustrious team! You are about to partake in a scientific experiment!"
"If it was good?!" Tony chuckled weakly, softly hitting one of Steve's pecs, "Are you kidding me? My knees literally turned into jelly!"
Suddenly, Tony was
Steve reached for his face and gently wiped it away, “I deserved.”
Morgan sighed, looking across the playground towards where her daddy and Mr. Steve were seated on a bench. They seemed serious, uncomfortable and silent, so she was growing worried if their plan really would work, so when Mary asked why exactly Morgan had suggested this idea of them pairing up their daddies, she decided to confide on her new friend.
“Your sap.” Steve smartly pointed out, nuzzling Tony’s face and making him giggle as that soft beard tickled him, “Ah, you sound adorable. Guess this look does have its perks.”
Steve momentarily inspected what Tony had been gesturing at, only to openly laugh the most beautiful laughter that ever graced the principal's ears. "I suppose it sounds ridiculous now, but I wasn't like this when I was younger. I was far more... thin."
"You are not asking, I'm offering."
But he didn’t get to finish, since Steve crashed their lips together and successfully shut Tony up.
! It was always amusing — and even cute — to Tony how Steve often dressed as an old man who just bought clothes from the local thrift shop, but now, as Steve stretched himself while walking down the platform and his rippling muscles marked and
“I noticed it. You were able to lift the hammer, weren’t you?” Tony asked, earning a hesitant look from Steve, “Back at the party, when everyone was giving a shot. It moved a bit when it was your turn.”
Steve actually leaned forward and hid his face against Tony’s neck, “T’was amazing… Thank you so much…”
“Photographic memory, babe,” Steve teased, snatching the pillow away and pulling Tony into another kiss, causing the engineer to end up laughing against his lips. They separated, faces inch apart and beaming at each other with laughter flushed cheeks, “Besides, there’s nothing I would forget about you, serum or not.”
“G-great. You are doing- Ah! Fuck!” Tony yelled once Steve inserted the finger even deeper, successfully finding his spot in the first go, “You are b-better than I was expecting, a-actually.”
“Yeah yeah,” Carol huffed, “Now hush, I’m sleepy.”
Well, because he never stopped loving that idiot, and he clearly never would. So the possibility of Steve not having left Tony because he hated or had gotten tired of him and yes because of a complete different reason, was more than enough to cause hope to spark inside Tony’s ailing heart. A heart he had closed off years ago, and a heart that didn’t feel like it worked for anyone but his children and his close friends.
“Stane and Stone.”
Tony gazed upon Steve, bright blue eyes soft and searching and at pure ease, confident, and he couldn’t help but to smile. “Our kids will be lucky to have you as a father.”
"I asked you a question, kid," Tony repeated himself, and he hated repeating himself.
at her new colleague as the girl continued to frown at the dumbfounded state she had left the classroom. Mary was like her.
“I’m telling you that you did fucking phenomenally, Rogers.” Tony rebuked tiredly, moaning loudly once Steve moved out of him and whimpering with the loss, “Ah, fuck. I don’t think I can walk for the next few hours.”
He mused to himself, turning back around towards Steve.
"Now wait just a minute—"
“Tony? Where’s the kid?” Steve asked as the door swung close behind him, drowning the deafening noises of screaming reporters and camera shutters and flashes.
"F-Fine! I'm fine." Tony eased him with a placating gesture, causing relief to flood the blonde's expression and an amused smile to stretch his lips.
Tony paused again; the engines of his brain moving as his eyes widened once an idea struck him.
” Steve had breathed out, and the softness present in his tone made Tony’s already weak kneels fail him for good, “
Steve had chuckled and kissed Tony again, “I can say the same about you, sweetheart.”
Peter, and they were basically attached by the hip when Peter wasn’t at school. It was honestly adorable.
things; he only needed to say the word.
That made him think about what Cap had said earlier. “
Tony huffed and swatted at the blonde’s chest, “Did you go sniffing on my stuff again? How very rude of you, Mr. Rogers!”
?” Tiberius spat the name in disgust, “The leader of the flea bags?!” Obadiah nodded, and Tiberius scoffed, “Oh
"You stay out of this, happy meal!"
Tony choked up a sob and shoved his face against the soft fur. He was speechless with his father. He never got to know his mother, but there was no doubt she would be disappointed on what her husband became if she could see him now.
“T-Tony, that’s not-”
Mary stared at her with wide eyes as Morgan finished, and she couldn’t help but to feel somewhat ashamed. She shouldn’t have heard that conversation in the first place, and now she was bothering Mary with it...
when Mr. Rogers was in the picture.
“Pops!” A young voice called, startling him out of his reverie and causing him to turn around towards it, “Didn’t think I’d catch you home today. What’s the occasion?”
Entirely his.
. "But— They are—"
"Ah, that's very kind of you Mr. Stark, but as you might be aware, I can't afford your school. Peter is only here because of your scholarship program, which I must say I'm really grateful for." Tony once again felt his insides melt due being the target of such a groundbreaking smile. He never reacted this much to a guy in his entire life, and it was being overwhelming even if he was no stranger to the whole prospect of same sex attraction. "Your school truly is one of a kind, and I've never seen Pete so happy to wake up early to learn, and he always has a lot to tell me when he gets home."
Now Tony couldn't hold back the snort. "I don't need the money I earn from this place, ma'am, it all goes to Maria Stark's Foundation as a way of helping those in need, but if you truly want an answer why I'm 'favoring' Peter,” yes, he did the air quotes, "which I'm not, since he still will receive his own punishment, then let me show you why. I didn't want to do this, but you left me no choice. JARVIS?"
“What you said about me being ‘earth’s greatest defender’,” Tony choked out, watching as Steve’s eyes widened in apparent realization, “Did you really think that high of me, even after everything that had happened between us?”
, and yet… he had been a complete and utter wrong of a fool.
Howard shuddered, eyes wide and supplicant as he feebly said, “I didn’t know. I swear I didn’t know. I wouldn’t have allowed if I knew you were—”
“Don’t play dumb, you know well what I’m talking about, and that’s a fucking low blow,” Tony huffed, turning away to look back at the girls and trying to ignore how the man looked damn adorable even though he was far damn older, “and you should know better, because if you are going to come up with some bullshit excuse, don’t even bother. I don’t want to hear it.”
The women stayed silent for a solid minute exchanging impressed looks, until they finally burst out laughing.
” Bruce cautiously asked, mindful of Steve’s wounded expression, “
Tony frowned in annoyance, “Why not?”
“In my vision, the one that scared the shit out of me? Everyone was dead and the Chitauri were attacking again, a threat from outer space which we were not a match for this time, and…” he trailed off, suddenly feeling his throat dry before Steve’s attentive gaze, “I-I checked you first, you were closer, and I just wanted-” Tony shook his head, trying to ban the image of a bleeding Steve off his conscience. “You were not dead, yet. You woke up and stared me straight into the eyes and said I could have saved all of you.” Tony turned away as he blinked back tears, “And then you died. Right in front of me.” Then he looked up back to Steve, who looked in between haunted and surprised, “I could have done more, but I didn’t, and you died. It was my fault. You
Sure he was single — things hadn’t really worked with Pepper even after she was snapped back, after all —, but he couldn’t just look at Steve and ask if the guy would like to go out on a date or something. Tony’s bisexuality was news to no one, but Steve? He had
“It’s my daddy’s boyfriend,” She started reluctantly, playing with the rim of her dress, “I really don’t like him, and I want him gone.”
losing you too. I can’t lead this team without you, I-” he choked up, not being able to bear the weight of the truth as it slipped out of his lips, “I’m not half as good at anything as I am when I’m doing it next to you…” the arms around him tightened even more, “And that’s the truth.”
Smirking proudly at himself for his success, Tony lowered himself to the edge of the bed and kneeled by it, pulling Steve’s pants along and leaving him bare with nothing but his black boxers, which presented quite the impressive volume. Tony felt his mouth water at the sight, and he didn’t remember ever feeling like this with the prospect of giving someone head before. He had his share of good looking dudes to fuck and fuck him through his life, but he had to admit that absolutely all of them paled in comparision to Steve Rogers, whose happy trail led inside the boxers and actually left little to no imagination to what expected Tony inside of them. Wanting to take his time and not spoil the surprise, however, Tony started his ministrations over the cloth of the boxers, sucking and biting at the twitching member and succeeding to cause the man to whimper. Tony couldn’t help but to smile. There was something empowering about having Captain fucking America as bare and vulnerable as he was at this moment at Tony’s mercy, to do whatever he want. A shrill of pleasure wracked through his spine as he continued to suck and bite through the fabric. Yeah. This was definitely good.
. Sore, definitely, but nothing short of amazing.”
“Oh, I’m fucking angry alright,” Bucky huffed, whistling and having Phantom to appear by his side in a second, with an albine saber-tooth trailing right behind. He mounted in a swift movement, herding his wolf to follow Steve’s, “and I’ll follow you to death’s fucking jaws, you damn punk, I just had to try and shove some sense into your thick skull like the good friend I am.”
“Kill us now, and you won’t be any better than King Howard,” Tony repeated, feeling confidence build within as the Viking tilted his head slightly, “Most people in this room didn’t have a choice but to serve under him. I’m not sure what has transpired during the attack to your people, but in the name of my headstrong father and my entire kingdom, I humbly apologize.”
not going down before the culprits for their deaths paid for their treachery.
“Well, it’s a good thing we’re on the same page, then,” Steve licked at his lower lip, and Tony felt his heart momentarily stop, “because I am done waiting.”
Tony bit his lip.
The little girl’s eyes watered as an overwhelming feeling of gratitude overcame her, and the only response Morgan could muster was to hug her new friend as tight as possible and whisper, “
Steve stared at his friend for a moment, taking his words in consideration and processing what they meant, but then moved his eyes back to the map, “They are dead, Bucky, and all because I was a fool to fall for a distraction, so forgive me for not being in a good mood.”
Mary’s frown softened, giving place to a confused expression. “He doesn’t sound so bad?”
of it was enough to make his soul despair.
And the beard —
“S-stop thanking me, you doofus.” Tony fondly scolded, having Steve to take a hold of his hands and spread kisses down his spine, “Fuck. You are too m-much, did you know that?”
“What?!” Tiberius yelped, clearly horrified, “How in the
Steve gave him a shy smile, cheeks still as rosy as before as he confessed, “Well… I had a lot of time to think about what is important to me, and what I treasure. Bucky is definitely part of that, but…” He trailed off, taking a bite of his lower lip as uncertainty swam in the oceans of his eyes, “Leaving you—
caught it
Morgan’s eyes widened, and she felt justified anger spark within her little heart. “Don’t call my daddy that bad word! You take that back right now!”
, stop being so dramatic," Nat admonished as she gently patted his cheek, his lower lip jutting out in a pout, "now, what has big green done this time?"
She bristled at that, "What are you saying?"
“Fuck,”  Tony swore under his breath, “when I think I’m getting past this—
“Who is your leader?!” Howard roared, causing Tony to jump in place and raise his head in alarm, “Bring him here at this moment!”
“Put me on speaker.”
“Just arrived. Sent him for a shower. Can you believe he tried to skip showering just because it was a ‘slow night’? God, this is your fault. You are a terrible role model when you camp out inside that workshop of yours for three days straight.”
“You sound heavenly, love,” Steve practically purred against the column of his throat, which he was currently kissing, “So good, so beautiful.”
"Hey, I'm not dirty! I shower every day!"
"What?!" She was seething, "How dare you want to kick my son out just because of a little school fight?! That's how boys this age communicate!"
With that taken care of, Steve focused back on dinner. Tony would undoubtedly arrive starved, and the thought made Steve chuckle to himself as he imagined the absolute havoc his husband was currently wreaking in whichever enemy base had successfully 'captured' him back in Berlin.
In his defense,
Peter gawked, and could think only one thing:
“Actually, we are tired of the playground... but I don’t want to go home yet, it’s the first time I ever made a friend.” Mary declared, taking a hold of Morgan’s hand and looking at her, “Right, Morgan?”
Bruce sighed, “
“Yeah…”
. Steve had waited anxiously for his calls, even if they might mean Tony cursing Steve’s absolute everything. Steve had kept his Captain America uniform regardless of how ruined it was, because it was a memento from Tony. A memento he remembers spending
But as much as he felt for the kid, he was not going to be tolerant a second time.
"Twenty bucks says you're wrong!"
Steve nodded, “Do you really think I didn’t know what you planned to do with that gauntlet?” He questions softly, causing Tony to gasp in surprise. Steve nods again, “It was me who sent Danvers after you and Thanos.”
idea. Tony had had the hope that maybe Steve would eventually show signs that he swung both ways due some lingering looks he sometimes caught being directed his way, but given Steve didn’t seem to have dated a single guy — that Tony knows of, at least — he was unsure. Surely America’s golden boy wasn’t gay, right? Would ruin his reputation or whatever the hell conservationist a-holes preach about, not to mention the guy was originally from a time where being gay could actually land you in jail, so let’s just say Tony’s hopes that Steve would reciprocate his feelings one day weren’t really the biggest, which,
“Hi.” Tony greeted back, feeling and probably looking just the same.
“Duncan, stop!” Morgan cried as she tried to recover her plushie from the slightly taller boy’s hands, “Give me back Mr. Fuzzy!”
“Wait a second,” Howard suddenly said, causing Tony to glare daggers at him, “so you are saying all we need is to pay a sacrifice for this to be sorted out?”
, and Bruce lightly chuckled, “
Tony’s smiled curiously at that, “We are entangled now?”
That was until Howard announced that he was to be betrothed to Obadiah’s devil spawn, and Tony’s already frail self-control completely shattered.
Howard,
"What is this about, Tony?" Steve curiously asked as he came to a stop before Tony, Nat right by his side. Tony almost jumped at the sudden — and rather silent — proximity of those two.
Tony jerked back in surprise, “Wait, for real? I was joking!”
Laughter actually escaped Tony’s lips, but soon it was overwhelmed by another string of moans once Steve buried himself deeper, filling Tony in a way he had never been filled before. “Fuck.
Steve chuckled tiredly and ran a gloved hand through his somewhat long hair and the goddamned beard Tony happened to be enthralled with, “
The answer Steve gave him, however, threw him for a loop, "Not really... I mean, Peter is very smart and I'm sure he surprises everyone around him, but Mary is..." He hesitated. "Special."
"Call Mrs. Potts. I need to let her know I have a security guard to hire, and also reschedule all of my tasks for the day," he downed the rest of his whiskey and picked up the Stark Pad, "I have a whole new section of this place to plan."
Steve Rogers used to be a man of war, who used to think his only home was the battlefield. A man who woke up from a 70-years nap and was thrust into a world completely different from the one he had grown knowing, with technology beyond what he could understand and lacking the people he had come to call a family. A world where Peggy Carter had moved on with her life, a life without him. A world where he clearly didn’t fit in.
Carol stayed at the compound with the others, where Tony could offer her the best medicine care one could provide, and albeit grumpy about being grounded and forced to be out of commission by Fury until she was properly healed, she enjoyed the accommodations and the company, so she never really complained.
Tony swallowed nervously. Rewind.
brotherhood?” Carol released a pained sigh while resting back against the bed’s headboard, “Captain Hard-head is so into you that makes me want to barf rainbows and hit both your heads together until they become one.”
“Get inside me.” Tony hurriedly ordered, which had Steve tilting his head in an adorable way and smiling teasingly.
“Hi,” Steve said, breathless and smiling like a lovesick fool.
If he remembered well, this would not be the first time he hears of the Thompson's kid breaking that specific rule. Being aware of these situations in specific was one of the few demands he made to Natasha, and she had already reported to him once about the Flash Thompson case. He was surprised, though. Natasha was usually intimidating enough to keep the young ones from repeating the mistake. He lost the count of how many bully-to-be's were successfully turned into little angels after only one encounter with the redhead’s icy glare, but apparently, Flash was an exception.
Flash jumped off his seat, "Liar! Mr. Stark, I did none of that!"
Peter seemed uncertain for a moment, looking up towards his father who had coaxed him back to the chair and now stood behind him. Golden Adonis placed a supportive hand on his son's shoulder and nodded in reassurance, so the boy finally looked back at Tony and inhaled nervously before speaking, "Ned and I were having lunch at the cafeteria, minding our own business, when Flash and his little crew arrived and started to bother us!"
Steve may not be a perfect man, but he definitely was a
‘Things’ being Tony relentlessly pining over Steve, that is.
King Steven finally seemed to find him through the throng of people, and once their eyes met, Tony felt himself freeze in place. The king stared at him, eyes narrowed but sparking interest—interest that Tony fully intended to take advantage of. “And who might you be, mouthy one?” King Steven demanded, stepping forward once more. Tony inhaled deeply and ignored Howard’s outraged glare. This was his chance. If there’s any way he could save what was left of his people, then he would take it, consequences be damned.
Tiberius cackled, “Now that’s just rotten, Obie!” He pointed out, taking a swing of his scotch and loudly setting the glass down on the table, “I love it!”
Tony shuddered. What the actual
Peter turned around still in his father's hold to glare at Flash,  "Did not! You were the one who was picking on Ned!"
was truly unthinkable.
Because there wasn’t a thing Steve Rogers and Tony Stark couldn’t conquer...
F.R.I.D.A.Y. went out, and Natasha wiped away the tears from the corners of her eyes while Carol fanned herself, “Three
how dare you be gorgeous even in here?!”
Maria was overly protective of that boy, so don’t you find strange that she willingly accepted a foreign man of unknown power into Howard’s life and suddenly started to tell him about her treasured son?”
And God, it was ridiculous how
Tony stared at her serious expression and considered his options, worrying his bottom lip as he thought about the possible consequences for any step he decided to take.
It was not hard to understand why, however. With a mother like that and a clearly absent father — Peter's god of a father was single for some reason Tony couldn't understand, but as far as he knew Flash had both of his parents, and his father just happened to not be present. Figures —, the recipe for a little bully on the making was there for everyone to see.
Tony released a shuddering breath midst sobs, gathering courage to look up at the man who apparently held his life in his hands. He met the Viking’s expression, and couldn’t help the scared gasp that escaped his trembling lips. The king’s expression was nothing like before. His expression was furious, and there was an unseen storm raging inside those bright blue eyes that would probably make even the strongest of men soil themselves. It was one of the scariest sights Tony had ever witnessed, and even if somehow Tony felt that said anger was not directed at him, there was no doubt the king was a terrifying man, and Tony was about to be given to him—like a lamb being gifted to a hungry wolf.
, Rogers had said - and wasn’t he completely right, the bastard? Tony scoffed. It was truly annoying how Captain America just couldn’t seem to ever be wrong in anything in life, while he was the exact opposite. No wonder Howard was so often disappointed in him. Tony was not even close what his father’s beloved Golden Boy had been back in the forties, and Tony would never be a man as impressive as Captain America, proof of that being the fact he created a murderous robot that plans a mass extinction event while Tony was only trying to keep everyone safe. He just didn’t seem to get things right, now did he?
Tony frowned, “Uh… I don’t know. What if you are wrong?”
Steve balked, “What?”
"Pete..." His father released a deep sigh and— oh. Oh my God. The man was blushing. "I'm having a serious conversation with your uncle about the kind of bedtime stories he tells you."
Tony exhaled shakily, “Thank you, baby girl.” and practically jumped out of the couch, not bothering to even think as he stormed through the compound’s empty corridors that echoed his hurried steps and loud panting. His heart felt like bursting through his ribcage, and in his mind, he chanted like a prayer.
Tiberius’ eyes hardened, “You made me a promise, Obadiah. I help you to get rid of the Starks, and you give me their heir. I’ve held my part of the deal, so I hope you are not getting cold feet and suddenly wanting to protect him as his ‘dear uncle Obie’ should have.”
Steve, albeit clearly confused, didn’t question him any further and simply went willingly with Tony, who was trying really hard to ignore the way warmth flooded inside him as soon as his skin came in contact with Steve’s. It was absurd how much the damn captain affected him; it was absurd and unfair.
Tony tried to agree, but the only thing that came out of his mouth was another set of whimpers. Steve held on his wrists and rested his head on the crook of Tony’s neck, quickening the pace and strength of his thrusts and successfully causing Tony to yell and pant out his name in the most sensual ways possible. Steve only needed to move three other times before they reached their climax, and Tony gasped out in blissful pleasure as he came with a hoarse scream at the same time Steve spent himself within his intimacy, crashing against him on a heap of sweat and limbs as both panted.
Shaking his head, Tony came to a stop in front of Steve, whose eyes were crinkling at the corners as he smiled at Tony, hand raised like the good soldier he was. Tony regarded him for a moment, taking in all the lines of his expression and how absolutely stunning the man looked even during a comfortable day of lazying out on the couch.
They sure were in trouble now.
speak English.
Steve— God,
"Stealth just happens to be our specialty,
it doesn’t matter, you stubborn ass! You say that now, but as soon as you’re done you’ll be destroyed, and you know it!”
His attention was dragged back to the screen when the recording began to play, and Tony immediately recognized Bruce as the scientist approached Steve; the others having cleared the room for whatever reason.
“Let me have this,
Steve heard Bucky curse under his breath, but he couldn’t focus on anything else. Without hesitation, he turned to his pack - soldiers and wolves - and yelled, “Everyone, gather your things and break down camp. We are leaving immediately!”
Steve blinked owlishly at him, "... There's nothing I could ever do to repay you for that, Tony."
? Tony!”
Tony was curious now, "Can you explain me why?"
” Bruce commented, and Tony closed his eyes because yeah… he did carry that thing everywhere, and as stupid and pathetic as it may sound, it brought him some comfort.
Tony gagged, “So… full…”
“Was this recorded before or after I went to space?”
busy man, but even like so, he found time to give her and her big brother attention! Sure he had grown a bit distant after he figured out Uncle Obie was actually a meanie, and lately he hasn’t had much time since he was dating that scary
You are so big, Christ.”
Tony’s urge to fall into yet another heated argument died at his throat as he frowned at the man in front of him, “What do you mean ‘we’ can’t lead? If I remember correctly,
“Fri.”
Tony cursed himself for allowing his mind to wander off in no helpful way, and decided to latch on the first thing his mind supplied him with, "You said you have a youngest?"
” he had choked out; the pain of having watched Peter disintegrate before his very eyes while he could do nothing to stop it still too fresh and raw for him to bear talking about it.
Her daddy’s expression immediately went from soft to unsure, “I don’t know, girls. It’s still school day tomorrow, and I’m sure Morgan is tired-”
King Steve perked up at that, “You’re the prince?”
“Oh, so now I’m father?” Howard shook his head in disbelief, “My word is law, and you will abide to it, Anthony, whether you like it or not. Tiberius is like a son to me, and the son of my greatest confidant, not to mention a phenomenal warrior. He will do great to my court once I am no longer able to rule, so you will marry him and that’s final.”
His tone may have sounded a bit too flirty, but it seemed to go unnoticed by Steve as he gaped at the principal once again. "Your way of requesting me to pay our debt... is by giving me a job?
“Make love to me, soldier,” Tony encouraged, gently rutting against Steve and causing him to grunt, “I’m yours to take. Have been for awhile now.”
“Hey hey, none of that now,” Steve gently said, seeming to read his mind through his tearful eyes and pulling Tony against his naked chest, nuzzling the side of his face in a comforting way, “I know what your mind is doing, and I’m not going
one; and Tony wouldn’t have it any other way if he could help it.
He wasn’t called Captain of Realms for nothing, and he would be sure to remind those two exactly why he earned that title.
“That’s right.”
However, to his surprise, Steve explained anyway. "War left me with a few psychological issues to deal with, and I need to be with Mary as much as I can, she—" he paused, briefly biting his lip, but mustering courage to continue, "She is the other reason why I'm so reluctant to accept your offer. She is not like the other children her age, so it can be a bit difficult."
, Rogers.”
“Apologize.” A familiar voice demanded, surprising both Morgan and Duncan and making them turn towards the source of it. Standing by their side was Mary, and she had a
“For you to earn my trust and then disappear in the blink of an eye again? I think I’ll pass.”
just the
Ned yelped once he fell on the floor, and Peter immediately went for his aid, "Ned! Oh my god, are you alright?!"
The trio exchanged amused glances, but did as they were told. Tony went for Natasha first, placing his palm against hers. It was petite, and fit almost snuggly against his. She smiled at him and winked, "Tiny but murderous, try not to forget that."
“Sure, and you are just the man who designs everything and makes us look cooler, right?” There was that teasing smile back again, and Tony felt a sudden urge to do
“Yeah?” Steve asked with an infuriating knowing smile as he brought Tony’s hands to his lips in order to kiss his knuckles, “S’that so, sweetheart?”
But now, surrounded by Steve's warm embrace after being kissed silly by him, Tony didn't feel at all scared or insecure. In fact, he had never felt safer.
"That is an absurd! I pay this school, while he," she pointed at Mr. Rogers, " doesn't! You can't be seriously favoring his little delinquent over my boy!"
Rewind.
Tony giggled — honest to god,
Steve inhaled sharply, “Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“He is a monster, please, just listen to me.”
It was Tony's turn to stare, since he could not believe his own ears. Steve literally had him cornered, trapped between his powerful arms and practically shaking with anticipation, but he still wondered if this would be ok? If Tony would give him consent?
“Apologize, and give her plushie back,” she demanded hotly, once again surprising Morgan.
If it was, whatever. Tony was not religious anyway.
He pressed play and allowed the video to resume, unashamedly demanding F.R.I.D.A.Y. to zoom on Steve’s cold expression and focusing on every detail of the captain’s face, while completely ignoring whatever bullshit Ross was yapping about. Just the man’s voice was enough to annoy Tony, but he couldn’t care — he was far too distracted with the sights.
Steve perked up at that, "What? Just say the word, I'll do anything."
The little shit looked too smug for his own good, and Tony found himself laughing at the absurdity of the situation as he felt the heat creep up his neck and tinge his cheeks.
It was warm and thick, given this was Steve’s first time orgasming in probably a long time - Tony refused to think the man didn’t even use his own hand to seek out some relief sometimes -, so Tony had a hard time swallowing it, but he did regardless, because this was all
” He had said, regardless of his clear desire to pick up the vibranium disk, and Tony had thought he was just being all righteous ‘Captain America-y’ about it, not that he was uncertain because he feeling unworthy due
Tony blinked, taken aback. Seriously? Both father and son had the ability of look like kicked puppies? Now that just wasn't fair.
Man, it's always strangely satisfying to write Steve intimidating the shit out of self-conceited people fmealkaeg also, Tones can be frightening too, mwah.
“Alright alright, I’ll keep my mouth busy, don’t worry.”
“It’s fine. Hey, big guy?” Tony caressed Steve’s left cheek, causing him to sigh contently and lean into Tony’s touch, “It’s just fine. All of us have our own demons from the past.”
"Fineeeeee," Clint whined, but begrudgingly obeyed, which got Tony to narrow his eyes.
was more than enough to get his head back where it should be. Tony had lost himself during that year because he also thought he was unworthy of being Morgan’s father. That if he was fooled and abandoned twice by people that he loved, then maybe he truly was the screw up Howard always said he was, but Morgan calling him “Da” despite the fact he had been absent from her entire first year life showed him that it didn’t matter what he thought he was, or others thought he was worth it, the only thing that matter was that Morgan still saw him. Morgan still loved him.
Every single thought raging through Tony’s mind came to a screeching halt once Steve collided against him, and suddenly, his knees became jelly, which means he would have gone down if Steve hadn’t enlaced his waist with one of his arms and kept him in place. Tony was not one to appreciate being manhandled, but the gentleness in each of Steve’s touches successfully erased any discomfort from Tony’s entire being as he opened his mouth and gave Steve full access to plunder as he wanted - which he did with so much gusto that Tony actually heard himself whimper as his insides coiled with both excitement and want.
“Incentive?” One of Tiberius’ eyebrows shot upwards, “Which incentive could possibly work against him? We literally killed his entire family!”
“Yeah, I gathered that much babe, but given Cap here seems very eager to go after our current targets, I figured he should know that Stane knows we are after him and is planning to escape.”
all the time lately…
nothing
“Oh well,” Steve laughed, “good luck with that.”
Tony couldn’t help but to gawk at him, “You knew?”
Upon his arrival the children seated before his table turned their heads towards him, and so did a woman standing by one of them who seemed ready to pounce at him at any moment. Tony's frown deepened before the woman's clear show of disrespect, but decided to brush it off since a certain pair of brown eyes were glued on him oozing both tension and fear.
“Sure thing, Mr. Stark!” Peter agreed, but then looked around, seeming to be looking for someone. Tony cocked a brow at him, and when Peter noticed he was caught, he rubbed at his neck shyly, “Uh… Isn’t there any chance I could maybe meet Captain Rogers properly this time, is there?”
Tony shook his head violently, willing his heart to calm down as it hammered against his ribcage. God, he never felt like this, way less after meeting the person for the first time.
Tony winced, “We kind of had a lot of baggage.”
shut your mouth!” He rebuked hotly, “You got us into this mess. I’m trying to fix it!”
Steve raised his head and his expression lit up like a kid on Christmas morning, “Really? That good?”
Tony blanched. To the boats? So they were being taken as prisoners? Tony shuddered. He had read about that too, how Vikings took in the ones they didn’t kill as slaves—or Thralls, as they called them. Suddenly, dying didn’t feel so bad, and Tony could only curse Howard and his selfishness for having doomed him and his loyal servants, doomed
now.”
Grunting in annoyance, Tony hauled himself off the creaky bed inside the room and sauntered off, not bothering to close the door behind him as he climbed up the stairs that led to the superior level of the barn and gave access to a small clear space covered with tools and the like. Said space had a hatch on the ceiling, which remained open for whatever reason, and offered some good lighting due the new moon’s bright glow and a breathtaking view of the night sky, which was covered in a large arrange of stars that were not obscured by the usual city lights. Tony sat himself on a stack of hay and looked upwards, admiring the view he hardly ever got to see while living in New York. It was truly mesmerizing in a way that caused his eyes to become full blown as he wondered how long would it take for him to reach one of those stars in one of his suits.
“And why the
He looked from one girl to another, seeming distraught. When he looked back at Mr. Steve, he was smiling that pretty smile of his, and Morgan was sure she noticed her daddy’s face become pink.
,” Rogers ground out, sounding as authoritative as he did during battles, and it made Tony bristle, “we can’t lead this team if we don’t have our heads in the game, Iron Man. The others can afford being momentarily distracted, but
too right now. Not when Steve was right by his side, looking mighty different and doing all sort of things to Tony’s insides just by
He heard Peter chuckle and the sound of him plopping down on one of the stools near the kitchen island, “Sometimes you sound like a housewife, pops. It’s the least Captain America thing ever. Ned just won't believe me.”
"Then why exactly haven't you kissed me yet?"
Steve chuckled at that, “You telling me my performance is no match for sugary treats?”
"Can it, big guy. This is just another scientific experiment."
Like he
A chorus of confused and startled voices sounded around them, but everyone got to their feet to do as they were told while Steve turned back to Sam, “Go get all your birds in the air. I need eyes everywhere.” He commanded, earning a curt nod from Sam before he rushed out. Steve then proceeded to run towards Dodger, who was already running towards him and lowering himself so Steve could mount on his back. “Bucky, what are you looking at? Call Phantom and Alpine already!”
To say Tony was impressed was an understatement. "Is that so? And do you think that hurting people is the correct way of fixing things?"
“Your brother is down at the workshop, so I’ll have FRIDAY call him, but check on your sister. I left her working on an art project after I bathed her, but since she is as messy as your father, I’m pretty sure she's needing another one by now.”
Tony released a shuddering breath, looking around towards their visitors and swallowing nervously as they regarded Howard with raised brows or blank stares, and then completely ignored him. Tony sighed in relief. The last thing they needed was for his stupidly arrogant father to make things even worse.
Tony sobered up, “Kinda, yeah. Why?”
truth, Rogers? Hm? That sounds okay with you?” Tony snarled, his patience wearing thin as he was finding more and more difficult to keep his voice low, given they were in a public space.
Duncan scoffed, “Shut up, stupid! I don’t gotta do nothing you-”
, the beard. It both tickled and sent shivers all over him whenever Steve kissed any spot of his body, and when he got to work on pleasuring Tony with that absurdly talented mouth of his, Tony had to bite down at his lips to keep from screaming in pleasure.
Obadiah shot another unimpressed look towards his partner, “Being this daft, it doesn’t surprise me your father didn’t want you anywhere near his throne.” Tiberius’ nostrils flared at the insult and he opened his mouth to argue, but Obadiah proceeded, unbothered, “I obviously have leverage against the boy, or you honestly thought he has been listening to me and staying put because he still has a place in his heart for his ‘backstabbing asshole of an uncle’, as he so smartly called me earlier?”
“Yeah, thanks for trying,” Steve smiled softly, “jerk.”
“Good.” Steve nodded, turning to his pack as they looked at him with mixed looks of determination and expectation, “I know all of this is far too sudden, and I would be an even worse leader if I didn’t warn you this is a dangerous battle that we are going into without any planning whatsoever, so I won’t hold against any of you if you want to stay back.”
“Alright! Thank you again, Mr. Stark!” Peter happily said before turning around and practically hopping away from whence he came.
Her eyes welled up in frustration, “I’m not stupid!”
"Oh don't worry, they will," Steve assured him, kissing his temple and pulling him tighter against his chest, "I will make sure of it."
"I'm so sorry you had to leave work because of me, I swear I didn't mean to cause any trouble. Flash started it!"
Tony felt his feet moving and he walked towards Steve until they met halfway, his eyes dripping uncertainty as he asked, “How come? I thought I was the guy who didn’t have value of a handful of other men you’ve met?” He boldly questioned regardless of his stuttering heart, not missing how Steve’s eyes sparkled with guilt, “How come I have more worth than the almighty Captain America, Steve?”
you, I…” He shook his head softly, seeming distraught, “I’m pretty sure I’ll lose it if it happens again, so I came to a conclusion.” He focused on Tony, “Bucky is family, and he will always be, just like the team, but
,” Tony sniggered, “
"There is nothing to understand! This is what happens when you decide to do charity and bring these kind of people into our midst!"
"It's about time you showed up, boss. We have a situation."
Steve blinked, seeming utterly lost, “Me?”
Steve actually laughed at that, shoulders shaking as he shook his head, “Honestly, Tony.”
“You lower your tone at this exact second, Anthony, or there will be consequences!”
“Goodness gracious, what’s next, you’ll say I smell really good and start watching me in my sleep like that Cullen guy?”
. I lost enough time that was precious to us, and I’m not doing that again.” He kissed the top of Tony’s head and hugged him tighter, which caused Tony to sigh in delight, “Sleep now, and you can be sure I’ll be here in the morning to take care of you, just like I’ll be in the day after that, and on and on and on.”
The recording came to an abrupt stop, causing Tony to wordlessly blink at the black screen ahead of him, now reflecting his shocked and devastated expression. He ran a trembling hand across his face, wiping away the tear streaks currently adorning his cheeks and trying his best to ease his thundering heart. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” he choked out, “where’s the rest?”
Tony, in the meanwhile, watched the scene unfold in pure confusion. He had read about the barbarians, but his knowledge was very shallow and superficial. He had no recollection of learning about any King capable of causing even Howard the Great to cower and shiver like a pathetic wimp. Howard was arrogant, and overly confident. Not even the worst Kings with the worst reputations had ever managed to scare him, seeing how most kingdoms were highly dependent on the Iron Kingdom and the weapons they manufactured. There was no king who wasn’t under Howard’s thumb, so what…?
Tony groaned, "Come on Steve, this isn't the forties anymore. You don't need to woo me before we have sex."
to get over that, since I had a bunch of other bullshit to deal with aside the goddamn heartbreak you left me with, so forgive me if I don’t believe for a second you actually care about me and didn’t want to leave for whatever reason you had.”
Steve almost jumped out of his seat, "What?! No, Tony, wait. I can't ask you to—"
─ ☽⍟☾ ─
“Thank you Happy, you are truly
clear, but then Steve shook his head slightly and broke eye contact, bringing an end to the enchantment and causing Tony's wandering thoughts to come to a screeching halt.
” F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s voice startled him out of his reverie, “
"M-my son did no such thing!"
Like he meant…
Yeah, Tony had gotten over his crush on Captain America... But his crush on Steve Rogers was a completely different story.
Steve was staring at him as if he had grown a second head, but after a minute of thought, he relented, "4 x 67"
, if I don’t-”
Tony then remembers when he returned the shield to Steve; the expression of pure glee but also uncertainty that washed over his face. “
“M-move,” Tony demanded, moving his hips slightly and causing both him and Steve to gag, “Please, Steve.”
. Which was the impressive part. Even after Tony took away his high-tech suit, and actively grounded the kid - Steve had cocked an amused brow at him, “
Tony looked up back at him, only to meet the forlorn gaze Steve now sported as he became lost in the memories of his past. Tony bit his lower lip, bringing his hands up to Steve’s face and forcing him to focus back on him, “Hey… you still with me?”
"And Flash, I'm actually impressed at how assertive you were over there. You know blackmailing is a crime that can land you in jail right?" Tony casually asked, successfully freaking out the kid. "Not to mention this is not the first time I hear of your name causing trouble in my school, where things as bullying and inflicting bodily harm on other students is strictly forbidden."
, to a life even worse than they already had while locked in that cold castle.
“You cannot force me to do this, it’s not fair.”
The sudden harshness in his tone caused Flash to flinch, but Tony did not relent. One of the most important rules he had decreed for the academy was a "no bullying policy”, something his mother had confided on him she wished to exercise in the future academy she had been planning to build – but never got to due the accident that cost her life –, and it was widely known to anyone in the school that he could be rather unforgiving if said rule was to be ignored. Pepper had coaxed him into giving at least the younger kids the benefit of the doubt and a two strike mark since they were just that — kids that were learning, but that leniency did not apply to the teens, and Tony lost the count of how many kids he unceremoniously kicked out of his school because of that.
The next two were a dark skinned man who had an actual falcon perched on his shoulder, and Tony tried his best to keep from shivering at the sight of the bird of prey assessing the occupants of the room as if it were looking for something to sink its sharp claws in. By his side was a man whose scowl rivaled Rhodey’s when the Chief of Guard was in one of his bad moods, and differently from the clean shaven head from his dark skinned friend, he had a head full of brown hair also styled in countless braids—much like the redhead’s—and carried a concerning amount of weapons, which Tony did his best to ignore for the sake of his sanity. They were all very good looking, and it was hard to look away from them, since their presence was so overwhelming that it felt like they owned the room as soon as they entered it.
There were steps, and soon Rogers was sitting by his side on the hay. “What about?”
That is until her first word came along on a morning where she saw Tony stumbling around during a particularly bad hungover, and even if one would expect her to barely know him given his absence, Morgan immediately beamed up as she called out “Da!” and reached for him from her little raised chair, where Pepper had been feeding her.
Tony had another sip, suddenly feeling parched, "Dunno hon," he felt the words
Mr. Divine shot her a disbelieving look, "Are you seriously trying to tell me how to raise my kid when yours walks around playing bully?"
Obadiah shrugged, “I have no idea. There’s something strange about him that I never managed to figure out, but he clearly is no common man.
But then, the kingdom was attacked, and Tony still wasn’t sure if that had been a blessing or a curse.
Her lower lip trembled, and her eyes started to well up with tears. It wasn’t true.
Morgan didn’t have time to question what she meant, since the next thing she knew they were standing by their daddies and Mary was startling them out of one of those weird trances they got into when they were looking at each other.
? He never knew what to do with those,
, and he suddenly just couldn’t get enough of it.
━ ☆ ━
the leader’s estimate and most trusted warriors, and to think a woman have made place among them just completely threw Tony for a loop. He was used to seeing women being delicate things, meant to be seen and not heard, not warriors who bathe in blood and are strong enough to server heads from enemies, and way less being able to stand on equal ground with other men at a higher spot on whatever hierarchy the Vikings possessed.
Tony had told them to only disassemble their ‘characters’ once they arrived home, using the excuse that they should leave the country as soon as possible to avoid any attention from the European authorities, because even if the new accords had been revoked in an act of faith before their efforts and sacrifices to save the universe against Thanos, it was better not to push their luck.
Then, as they left the room to go prepare for the trip, Natasha gently pulled him down on her way out of the room to whisper in his ear, “
"Since the first day you showed how to make one of your mother's Italian recipes," Steve calmly answered, causing Tony's eyes to widen considerably, which seemed to amuse him, "What? I'm a fast learner, and I do like to learn about you, so I might have been training a few recipes in hopes of surprising you with a special dinner and then confessing, Nat has been helping me with that too, but well," he shrugged, smiling, "I guess I jumped the wagon a little bit."
"Good. Would be terrible if you died when we just met."
? He turned his attention back to Peter’s father, whose attention was entirely focused on the screen.
"Apologize!" Peter was suddenly on his feet again and chesting Flash, who had been laughing with his little group. "Apologize right now!"
The letter that let him know Darlene - which wasn’t even her real name - had actually fooled him this entire time, and had wanted nothing from him but his money.
Tony, already feeling his anger melting away, narrowed his eyes at his boyfriend, “We cannot have kids. I have the feeling you’ll be too easy on them, Cap.”
A breathtaking smile appeared on Steve’s beautiful lips, “I’d never fail you like that,” he reached for Tony’s face once more, gently caressing his cheek with his thumb and causing Tony to close his eyes in ecstasy as another tear fell, “not again.”
"Oh shut it, birdbrain. You know JARVIS can just record anything you guys want to watch, so stop making a scene." Tony rolled his eyes, earning a petulant pout from Clint.
He had literally asked Pepper to gather all media outlets possible for this announcement. There were a
didn’t stop. “I’d have no home if wasn’t for you, and I’d probably take years to catch up with everything I’ve missed in the past 75 years if wasn’t for your help, so, yes… you are as much a leader of this team as I may be, and I hope- no, I
Suddenly, a pair of strong arms were pulling him into a tight hug. His head came to rest on Steve’s collarbone as the man’s hold on his back tightened in a way that would be almost painful if it wasn’t just what he needed right now.
The sound of something snapping and the unmistakable noise of Tony’s armour assembling around him sounded through the phone, “
“I thought so too when daddy and him started going out, until the day I was inside my daddy’s office and I heard the truth...”
Steve quirked up a brow at his son as he hung upside-down from the ceiling from one of his web-strings. He would never get used to how furtive that boy could be, “The occasion is dinner. Now get down from the ceiling and go have a shower, your father must be arriving soon.”
“You don’t need to tell me that,” Tony snapped, turning away from Rogers’ overwhelmingly soft gaze. “And I don’t need your pity, so you can move along and check on the others or whatever.”
“When I arrived from space all of this was gone, though,” he pointed out with a small smile as he gently tugged at the dark blond strands adorning Steve’s sharp jaw, “Did you shave just for me, Mr. Rogers?” He teased, which earned him a weak smile from Steve.
Right, then he went from thin to thick with three c's? Who was this guy, Disney’s Hercules?
course
Tony had sputtered and sent a scandalized look towards the assassin, who just chuckled and fondly patted his cheek before waltzing out of the room after the others. Tony had wordlessly stared at her retreating back, until he chuckled to himself and shook his head.
, like the man himself.
It took him a second of consideration, but Tony finally moved his hand to meet with Steve's, feeling his eyes grow wide as dinner plates as the size difference stared right back at him.
Reigning in his derailing thoughts once again — what did kids these days call this behavior on twitter? Being ‘horny on main’? — Tony moved his focus back to Peter, and offered him the most friendly smile Tony Stark could display, which wasn't that hard. He really liked the kid. "So, Peter was it?" His little head bobbed up and down. "I've already heard Flash's version over and over again, but you just briefly spoke about yours. Care to elaborate?"
A GOOD THING THOUGH!!!
” Bruce seemed to finally find his voice, “
, and he never hurt us either. He’s... nice with us, I guess. Brings gifts and tells us stories when he’s around visiting daddy or staying over.”
Tony smirked and effortlessly answered,"268"
“Then take him!” Howard yanked Tony’s arm, making him yelp in surprise. The room went silent again as the king went on like a madman, “The heir of the kingdom which caused you so much trouble. That should even things out!”
The smile that formed on Tony’s lips was fond, “Come on, big guy, we are trying to deal with my own self-deprecating tendencies, don’t fall prey to yours.”
“Is that so?” Steve asked with amusement clear on his tone as a smile tugged at the corners of his lips, “Does that make me less awesome?”
Peter tilted his head slightly and removed his mask, “I thought he was on a mission in Berlin?”
,” Steve immediately argued with raised brows, “
And before Tony could even try to formulate an answer for that, Steve had closed the distance between them as he surged forward to capture Tony’s lips with his own.
A few hours later after that, the team had left to their mission, and Tony remained behind to help them from afar — which he did, greatly, but refused to accept any video calls from Steve and spoil the surprise. Natasha often teased him about how much of a kicked puppy Steve looked when Tony dismissed his video calls, and Tony always did his best to play the fool and pretend he had no idea what she was talking about. Judging by her knowing smiles, she knew he knew, and he loved her for that.
Steve chuckled but didn’t really respond, too busy continuing his plundering inside Tony’s mouth. Tony who was already growing steadily overwhelmed by their heated exchange and couldn’t help but to moan quite loudly when Steve’s hands landed on his ass and gave it a hard squeeze.
Peter climbed up the stairs two steps at a time, far too energetic to bother catching the elevator. He just could believe he had made Mr. Stark proud to the point the man would even consider suggesting him to accept an offer to join the Avengers! Sure it had been a test, but still! Not to mention Peter had gotten to see from up close the brand new Avengers HQ and even would be able to get some private training with
He shook his head fondly, thinking of Steve.
─ ☽⍟☾ ─
“Tell me, then.” He requested, watching as the fear increased tenfold inside those baby blues, “Whatever it is, I can take it.”
Anyways, enjoy, and remember to let me know your thoughts about it! Unbetaed, so ignore mistakes ngnngn
It was then that realization hit Tony like a rocket, and he almost slammed his palm against his face for not having noticed this earlier.
” Bruce called, causing Steve to startle out of the thoughtful daze he seemed to be in, “
Tony stared up at him in surprise , “Have I?”
slow idiots.” She explained with an easy smile, getting into a more comfortable position that allowed Carol to lay in the middle of her legs, “Not to mention you helped Tony as well,
“You.”
Tony felt himself blink rapidly at the young boy, caught completely off guard.
Not to mention
“No, Tony, wait,” Steve reached for his wrist, earning a furious glare from Tony who was already feeling his throat burn as tears threatened to spill. Years of making himself stronger suddenly felt like nothing as the protective walls around his heart started to tremble at the mere sight of the despair and overwhelming emotions swimming inside Steve’s blue eyes. The eyes who always made him so vulnerable, and
He wasn’t sure if that was a blessing or a curse, but judging by his racing heart and flushed cheeks as he stared at the screen?
Tony only nodded, “Then, I’ll try to talk to him, and we’ll see how it goes from there.”
But Steve's broad back came into his field of vision, and Tony forgot everything he was trying to say until the door closed behind the man with a soft 'click', and he was gone.
would be fine, but them?” He rose his look to meet Bucky’s, and his second in command almost flinched at the amount of pain and anguish currently residing inside Steve’s azure eyes, “I was supposed to keep them safe, Bucky. I ignored my damn instincts, and now they are
when he told him, the boy being twice as much a Captain America fan than Peter ever was.
Tony inhaled sharply. He just hoped he would have a quick death.
Tony felt something warm roll down his cheek, and was quick to wipe it off before the reality he was crying settled in. Yeah, he almost did call Steve,
Many Vikings growled at that, while King Steve scowled. Tony felt his insides twist with frustration, “What dignity?!” Tony barked back, voice a handful of octaves higher, “You listened to Obadiah’s bullshit again, didn’t you?! Probably one of your drunkard days, where he weasels into your office and makes stupid suggestions, that you just happily agree with!”
. He was already appalled to see some women fighting together as they conquered their lands, but those were
That got both Nat and Clint laughing, while Steve cocked a brow at his disgruntled co-leader, "And why is that so important? Your height does not affect your importance or position in our team, Tony."
” Steve answered as he looked forward, elbows resting on his knees while his fingers intertwined in front of his chin. Bruce stared at him, seeming speechless, while Tony gawked at the screen.
“We need to talk.”
“Very well,” he turned towards the horizon, already knowing the path in which they should take in order to reach the Stark lands like the back of his hand, and without preamble, shouted the final order, “Let’s go!”
But as soon as they stepped aside to give passage to the real star of the show, well... Tony couldn’t help but to lift his head from Jarvis’ chest and gawk.
Carol hadn’t suffered the same amount of damage that Bruce had after the snap, but her arm was in a terrible shape and she needed immediate medical attention if she wanted to keep the limb and have it functioning again. Natasha volunteered to look after her, saying she owed Carol for saving her life back in Vormir, and nobody really argued with her since she looked as fierce and deadly as she had looked when Carol had fallen clutching her wounded arm.
“I cannot believe this,” Tony sniffled, backing away slightly and gazing up at Steve’s tear stained cheeks, which actually helped him not feel ashamed of his own. “You are such a huge fucking idiot.
“Tony, what—” Steve began, but Tony immediately interrupted him. He had to, before he ran out of courage and did something stupid.
He looked like the sexiest version of a lumberjack that could ever come to exist, and Tony is pretty sure that if Steve had looked like
Tony smiled and snuggled closer, nodding against Steve’s neck. “Together.”
Tony bit back an amused smile. That man truly was adorable to think Tony hadn't already think this through, "You don't have to worry about that. Until I properly equip the academy with suitable classes and qualified professionals to tend for gifted children, I'll tutor her myself."
Maybe he had gone a bit overkill on his plan to get Steve’s beard back, but with Tony Stark it was either go big or go home, so he didn’t hold back any punches when he decided to tell Steve about the undercover mission he had requested Coulson to find a week later after his chat with Carol.
Tony was really shocked now. This was the first time he saw such a side of Steve Rogers, and he wasn’t quite sure what to make of it yet, “Something’s eating at you right now, isn’t it?”
His chest tightened at how small the young boy seemed. His eyes were glossy with unshed tears and his lower lip trembling, but he had this determined spark in his eyes that told Tony he did not regret what he had done.
That had the king staring again, only this time, it was in disbelief. He then raised his head towards Jarvis, who Tony didn’t need to look to know was glaring at the king like a lioness about to pounce at the slightest sign her cub was in danger.
avenge them, Steve, but you need to understand you are far too compromised. Maybe you should step down for a moment and I should—”
, don’t tell me you are scared of him? We have the power of the Philosopher’s Stone in our hands! There’s nothing that overly big imbecile and his filthy mutts can do against us!”
“Does he hurt your daddy?!” Mary angrily questioned, tightening the hold of her little palms on the chains of the swing, “Or you and your big brother?”
. She scrunched up her nose. At least at school she didn’t need to see his dumb scary face.
"Yes, Mary. She's seven years old."
, and now that he had stopped to notice, did the headboard have a crack in it? — pillow on Steve’s face, feathers flying everywhere as the super soldier laughed, “Stop looking like a damn puppy, you menace. Makes me want to jump your bones again and I’m regrettably short on fuel.”
Tony, for one, was constantly looking after the female captain along with Natasha, also feeling indebted to her for what she had done for them — not to mention he adored her strong personality and how the two of them hit it off amazingly, and before both knew, they had fallen into a great companionship that Tony just couldn’t see himself without.
Steve uncrossed his arms looking like a deer caught in the headlights, “How did you...?”
King Steven continued to stare at him, and Tony found himself blushing at the intensity of the stare. He hadn’t noticed during his fight with his father, but the king had been staring at him like… like
? You just gave me the best sex I’ve ever had, and you are seriously asking if I’m okay?” He watched triumphantly as Steve’s face acquired that adorable blush and he chuckled, ducking his head in embarrassment. Tony kissed his palm, “I feel fucking
Natasha rolled her eyes and didn't bother answering, turning on her heels and walking down the elusive corridors that led to his office. Tony ended up sighing and following her as concern sprouted inside his chest. Whatever had happened must have been pretty bad to leave her in such a (worse) foul mood, and Tony was not particularly excited to find out just what kind of headache expected him inside his office.
The boy immediately blushed in embarrassment and looked away, while his father beamed at the display with pride in his eyes and another breathtaking smile stretching those absurdly inviting lips. Something inside Tony felt giddy at the thought that something he'd done had brought such joy to the man's previously tempestuous expression, but he shook himself out of it.
"Not a dream," Steve muttered, to which Tony exhaled shakily.
No, the one currently in front of him was Steve Rogers. Not a larger than life legend, but yes an overly strong man who sometimes broke the microwave while trying to understand how it worked and who loved to just spend time with Tony at the workshop, sketching away in one of his countless art notebooks while lying down on the couch Tony had procured for him once he made a habit of it. A man who loved dogs and was weak for pizza, just as Tony was weak for a good cup of coffee. A man who had the strength to break bones, but still gently swayed his fingers against Tony's, almost playfully.
Obadiah scoffed at that, “None of that, you fool. I couldn’t care less about what happens with the boy, I’m only warning your arrogant ass of the consequences. Tony is stubborn as a goddamned mule, so if you want him to cooperate with your demands without him going berserk and killing us all, you’ll need a little incentive.”
“You— He— How—” Tony fumbled with words, suddenly feeling wildly parched as his eyes went back to Steve, who was calmly walking in their direction, “Oh no.”
“It will be alright, your highness, you’ll see.” Jarvis whispered to him while keeping his trembling body close, “I’m sure these fine men can be reasoned with. We’ll be alright.”
kept a beat up uniform because it was ‘
“Shut up, space-brains.” Tony huffed angrily, crossing his arms in front of his chest and looking away as his entire face acquired the same red hue of his cheeks at the prospect of his fight with Steve being seen as a ‘divorce’.
a monster after all.
“Tony…”
“Love you too.”
“No, I’m being serious, mainly since now you come to me saying the guy was in that pitiful state because of a lack of
” She responded and then smirked, finally switching to a heavy accented English, “Disrespect him again, and say goodbye to your head,
“Lower your tone, boy, you are speaking to your king.” Howard had lightly scolded without looking up from the parchment, and Tony felt the already cackling fire inside his chest burn like a furnace.
King Steven scoffed, “I’ll have to refuse. There’s nothing you can offer me that would be suitable to my needs.”
"Okay! Thank you, Mr. Stark!" Peter hopped off his chair and quickly rounded it to give his father another hug. "See you later, daddy! Sorry again for causing trouble."
Tony chuckled at the expression of exasperated fondness present on Mr. Rogers face as he shook his head and turned around to meet his waiting gaze. "Are you sure this is alright, Mr. Stark? He always wanted a pet, and we can't really afford one right now, so this will be more of a reward than anything else."
— and shook his head, accepting the reassurance and enjoying the ride as Steve told him to.
“I know sweetheart, I’m so sorry.” Steve apologized again, voice as shaky and tear filled as before, arms tight and warm around Tony, keeping him safe.
When Steve's laughter died out, both remained where they stood, neither moving or speaking as they looked into each other's eyes. Tony wasn't sure what had gotten into him today, but he just didn't seem able to look away from those glorious blue eyes that just happened to keep his own captive. Time seemed to stand still between the two of them, and Tony took the opportunity to drink in the glorious sight before him.
The king smiled thinly, “
Mr. Deity— I mean, Mr. Rogers frowned at that. "Mr. Stark, are you sure? He still broke one of your rules. Won't that set a bad example for the other kids?"
” and then proceeded to laugh, the bastard - Peter still went after the big bad wearing nothing but pajamas and homemade web-shooters. Tony, who had been on a romantic date night with Steve at the compound then, was justifiably
Somehow the man managed to look
Or about to be.
His heart swelled with emotion.
“What?!” Steve snarled, while Bucky’s eyes widened, “When?!”
“You need to… prepare me. We don’t expand as easily as women do, so we need preparation. I normally use lube, but-”
The simple fact that even though she barely saw Tony during an entire year she still recognized that
The woman scoffed angrily at how her threat fell to deaf ears and stomped towards the door while forcefully dragging her son along. Flash whimpered about her hold on his arm being too tight, but she just snarled at him to shut up and opened the door. Once he passed through it with his head lowered, Mrs. Thompson glowered at the three of them one last time before following her son out and shutting the door with unnecessary strength, which caused the walls to rattle and Peter to jump on his chair. Tony rolled his eyes. With the amount of times his poor door suffered this kind of abuse, he was really considering having someone to have a look at its hinges.
That being said, enjoy this clusterf*ck of emotions, and have kerchiefs at hand! Just an advice, heh.
Tony’s head jerked up at Steve’s words; eyes widening and heart thudding violently against his chest  as his eyes focused back on the forlorn looking man.
Steve stepped even closer, eyes becoming serious. Focused. “What happened? Was there an attack while we were out? Are you okay?”
He was not ready for Steve's charming smile, however, and neither for the words that followed, "Sure looks like a dream."
Tony’s thoughts balked for a moment at the usage of his given name, since this was probably the first time ever Rogers had used it, but he wrestled his thoughts back to their conversation. He had no business getting fluttery just because Captain America addressed him differently. “Yeah, right, says America’s Golden Boy.”
Natasha and Carol were at the living room — Natasha sitting on a corner of the couch while Carol laid stretched on it with her head resting on Natasha’s lap, who was gently carding through the captain’s short hair as they watched a movie.
“Please,” Steve begged, his tone hoarse and filled with desperation, “just give me
,” he insisted, forcing Tony to look back at him, “In my entire life, I’ve made more mistakes than I can remember, and I’m no better ever since I was removed from that ice. I…” he trailed off, eyes softening but still sparkling with something Tony detected as guilt. He was familiar with that look, he saw it everyday while looking at the mirror, “I’m not proud of a lot of things I’ve done, Tony, and it’s safe to say I’ve done most, if not all, of them with good intentions.”
"I see, thank you buddy."
“Shhh, sweetheart.” Steve kissed the back of Tony’s neck, and he could feel him smile against his skin, “Watch your language.”
Tony gasped softly.
Steve faked offense, “Shut up. You know they’d pick their aunt Nat over the both of us in a heartbeat.”
Tiberius bellowed once more, this time, more affronted than terrified, “That’s preposterous! He is getting
“The boats?” Jarvis whispered to himself, not seeming to have heard Tony’s question, “Why bring them to the boats?”
“Stubborn assholes with self-deprecating tendencies?” Tony snorted and prompted Steve to chuckle again, “You got that right.”
After their initial contact earlier, things had suddenly grown awkward once the excitement of the reunion dissipated and Tony remembered how Steve had simply vanished during the worst moment of his life and where he needed Steve the most. Worst of all, Steve had lied to him, since he had promised Tony he would be there for him when he lost his mother, and that Tony could always count on him, seeing he understood Tony’s pain to a degree since Steve had lost his father less than a year before he met Tony.
Other than that, the universe had been saved, those who were lost had been returned, and things were back as they should be — but some things? Those never change.
Barton groaned, shoving a cushion against his face, "Again? But the baseball game is about to start!"
Tony felt his entire face heat up. This was useless. Howard would never listen to reason, so this screaming match was fucking useless. He turned back to the watching king, and found the courage to force himself to ask, “Please, there has to be something we can do.”
Heck, I have 323892 projects and I keep coming up with more ideas. Ugh. Someone stop me.
A smile spread Morgan’s lips, and the little girl couldn’t help but straight up
“Get. Inside. Me. Right. Now.” Tony growled, pulling him down by grabbing at his dog tags and taking claim of the infuriating man’s mouth. Steve chuckled against his lips, clearly amused by his despair, the bastard.
"Yes," Tony agreed, barely willing his voice to come out. "I'll see you tomorrow."
That had the Viking King stopping in his tracks and then turning around; a frown etched in his features while he looked for the source of the desperate scream.
"Gone." Steve calmly said, surprising Tony and causing him to look around. Indeed, the others were nowhere to be seen, "Nat pulled both out at some point."
” It wasn’t a question.
"Nope!" Steve denied, popping the 'P', "I've been wanting to do this for years now, so just enjoy the ride."
By the time Steve asked, they had already returned to the small room Tony was staying in. He pulled Steve inside, locking the door behind him, and turning to face the human equivalent of a golden retriever staring at him in adorable confusion.
A deep sigh brought his attention back to the two people who remained in his office, and Mr. Rogers was sending him an apologetic look that should not be so similar to a kicked puppy. "I'm truly sorry about this, Mr. Stark. I've always taught Peter to know better than to fall for this kind of trap."
Mr. Steve blinked, clearly surprised by the sudden request, “Uh, I don’t see why not,” he then turned to her daddy, seeming cautious, “what do you think, Tony?”
“Shush, sweetheart,” Steve kissed his lips shut, earning a pleased hum from the engineer, who melted into the embrace until Steve stepped back, “we both know you like and believe in that kid, and I see a lot of you in him. Raw potential, a great intellect, awfully unable to follow orders-”
The teenager quickly reached the door to his apartment with his aunt, fussing with the keys for a moment before finding the right one to open the door and step inside. As soon as he did, he was ready to greet his aunt with a big, happy smile, and let her know he had been somewhat accepted back into the Stark Industries Internship, when his eyes fell on the news their simplistic TV was showing, which May seemed absolutely enthralled by, and he froze in shock.
“Steve, I swear to every single deity that I don’t give a rat ass about that if you don’t get on with fucking me in this exact second, we are not finish-aAAAH!” He yelled once he felt Steve start to slide into him, causing Tony to punch the bed and moan helplessly. “Son of a BITCH!”
Tony, however, was not entirely engaged on the conversation going on between father and son. The guy was in the military once upon a time. He probably was one of those veteran soldiers with a whole lot of medals and achievements behind him, and that explained pretty well why his body seemed to be sculpted by the Greek gods and brought to life by Aphrodite herself.
“No, listen to me,” he stepped closer, shortening the space in between them, “I mean it. I’m still a man of the past, who is good at some planning and barging into enemy territory, but
Thing is…
Steve’s change of look had shaken him so much, but he just knew it was surprisingly thrilling. Maybe it was the fact that he had grown used to see the man always looking perfect and not having a single strand of hair out of place, and that it was absurdly exciting to see a different side of him — a more rogue, feral side in a way.
Steve barked a laugh at that, resting his forehead against the base of Tony’s neck, “You are incorrigible.”
Steve went up to him to kiss his lips without really stopping his movements, earning countless small gasps from Tony as they kissed, “How am I fairing?”
Bucky only laughed harder.
“Hey, shush,” Tony placed his index finger against Steve’s lips, shutting him up. “You are not forcing me into doing anything, Cap, and I’d be lying if I said I’m not inclined to do this. I mean, have you
Pepper had warned him.
The final words on the letter said.
Tony used to think that he knew all about nightmares, seeing that his life was a living one. Being the sole heir of someone like Howard Stark—or as he was ominously known, the Death Monger of the East—was everything but easy, even more so when the man seemed to hate and blame Tony for his mother’s passing after the arduous labor she went through to give birth to him. Tony never got to know any love from his father, and never had the chance of having none from his apparently caring mother—Jarvis liked to tell him all about Maria, at every chance he got—and worse than all, was the intimidating man King Howard keep as his right hand.
Regardless, the pain is needed, so despite all odds, do enjoy the fruits of my labor. This was such a difficult chapter to write, I've been at it for the past two weeks, jesus.
He had gone to the kitchen to try and figure something a newborn could have that wasn’t her mother’s milk, when he found three bottles on top of the counter with a letter by the side. He picked one of the bottles with a label that read “maternity milk” on it and gave it to Morgan, who immediately began to drink as he shakily picked up the letter and began to read.
“Tony!” Steve protested, still visibly shaken by his partner’s intent, “You can’t possibly mean-!”
"Put your hands up, I wanna see something."
Carol snorted, “Seriously? That is your priority?”
Blinking the stars out of his sight, realization struck Tony like a wayward cannon ball. Never, in his entire fucking life, had he ever orgasmed without any actual penetration. He didn’t know if the guys he actually bottomed to were just lacking the enthusiasm or the competence, because even overly confident guys with great amounts of ‘expertise’ barely ever even got him cum by the end of it - hence why he much preferred to top even while being with guys - but
But Steve was still
“Tell you what,” Tony, feeling bold and that his legs were back on a working order, stepped away from Steve’s embrace and laced their fingers, pulling him along as he walked towards the stairs, “since both of us could use a distraction and you are way tenser than even myself, I have a proposition.”
Another sob wrecked his body and he lowered his head once more. It was unfair. It was so unfair.
“Of course. You were coming home, so I had a reason to care again.”
“When you remember to, which according to FRIDAY, doesn’t happen that often.”
—, and focused on Peter.
the way his biceps were marking and stretching the shirt. The poor thing looked about to rip apart at any second.
The smile that spread the captain’s lips rivaled the sun itself.
Those seemed to be the magical words, since Steve didn’t think twice before pouncing and absolutely
Tony was not about to lose any time, so he proceeded with his work, bobbing his head up and down in a lazy pace that clearly had Steve losing his mind as he whrithed helplessly on the bed. Tony was also losing his mind a way, but because it was ridiculous how delicious Steve’s taste was. Tony expected it to be good, but this was on a completely different level and he wondered if the serum had anything to do with it as he backed down from Steve’s cock and gave his balls attention while pumping him with a hand. The man was a moaning mess on the bed, which only made Tony even more excited to continue. Steve was just so damn
The class chorused an agreement and then an excited greeting towards Mary, who just grasped the straps of her backpack tighter and narrowed her bright blue eyes at everyone. “Hi”, she whisper greeted back, seeming awfully unsure of herself, and Morgan couldn’t help but to wince a little bit in sympathy fot the girl’s uneasiness. Yes, Mary was truly just as uncomfortable as she had been on her first day.
Steve’s smile was singlehandedly the prettiest thing Tony had ever seen, "That's amazing... I don't think I've ever seen something like this on a school. I, myself, had to deal with my fair share of bullies back in my school days, so I really appreciate it."
Tony paused, gazing at Steve and how he was using his Captain America uniform. Tony lost himself on the sight for a little bit, delighting himself on the thought that that whole man was
“Don’t fall prey to the illusion of safety, Tiberius. I take you have never actually met the man in person?”
Tony felt a pleasant shiver course through his body before yet another term of endearment, “Ah, well,” he sighed contentedly while trying to unfasten Steve’s flannel with shaky hands, “I wanted to be surprised.”
The blinding smile Peter displayed could rival the sun, "Really?! So I'm not getting detention?"
“How did it feel, hm?” Tony asked jokingly, but actually wanting to know. He was not one to be insecure about his proficiency at bed, but it has been awhile since he’s last done this, and this was
Gasps echoed from the king’s subjects, while the surrounding Vikings sneered in agreement in the same foreign tongue. Tony blinked in exasperation, looking around in both concern and uneasiness. They didn’t speak English? How would they be reasoned with if they didn’t speak English?
? This completely changed the prospect of giving himself to someone else, and Tony wasn’t so sure if he was inclined to do anything but bottom to Steve Rogers for the next times.
“Am I now?” Tony purred, slowly moving on Steve’s lap and earning a surprised gasp from him, “Careful, soldier. If you continue to sweet talk me like that, I just might fall for you.”
"She, uh— I didn't really find a good school for her yet, so she's being home-schooled for the time being."
Not that Tony would be against Steve a second time. If the world ever decided to demand them to sign themselves into a leash again, then this time he’d be right by Steve’s side, proudly snarling at them to back the fuck off.
“But Tony-”
Tony moaned when Steve’s large and warm
“Nonsense, every man has a price. What is it then? Riches? I have silver, and gold as well! You are free to take from the castle chambers, consider another gift for finally ridding me of this ungrateful brat I happened to sire.” Howard sneered, and tony heard Jarvis grunt in outrage and probably turn to glare at the man. Tony didn’t bother to do it. He refused to even look at Howard’s face.
"Because my daddy is a retired superhero who fought bullies in other countries when I was a baby, and he never apologized for standing up for others!"
"There has to be something I can do to repay you, Tony." Steve insisted, and he really loved how his name sounded on the man's beautiful voice. "I can't let you do all of this for me without at least giving you something in exchange."
Tony felt his eyes water, and before he knew, he was reaching for Steve’s face and gently stroking his cheekbones with his thumbs, as his remaining digits took delight in touching the truly soft beard beneath them. The touch seemed to surprise Steve, judging by the way his eyes snapped open in alarm and the amazed look he directed towards Tony.
“Sorry,” Steve chuckled sheepishly, and Tony found himself loving the sound of it. “Guess we are more similar than I thought.”
Tony frowned, looking back at the king who glowered down at Howard as he continued with his pathetic excuses. He didn’t look like a monster. He looked like a man—a very attractive one at that, and who was justifiably angry if was true what Howard did, which, honestly? Tony didn’t really doubt.
They held each other’s gazes, and Tony took his time to drink of the sight that was Steve Rogers with flushed cheeks and deliciously sweaty after a long round of intense lovemaking. His long hair had long been released from the bun it had been in, and it was wild hot mess, sticking to his forehead in what Tony decided to be an adorable way. He was gorgeous, so gorgeous and
”Therefore, seeing how Tony cares greatly about that old man - and seemed more devastated about the prospect of his death than of his own father’s -, I decided to spare him and use him to keep my darling nephew obedient. As long as he obeys me and stays put, Jarvis lives.” He turned to Tiberius, “If he disobeys, the butler dies, and I’ll be sure to make him watch it.”
He froze in place, and just like that, his world seemed to slow down.
Finally, somebody who understood her struggles.
Tony wanted to laugh at the irony of that.
"Steve, what the hell!" Tony laughed, softly hitting Steve's chest in disapproval, "You put me down this instant!"
“Oh, hey pumpkin. Are you two done playing?” Mr. Steve asked with a pretty smile, and the sorrow Morgan had been feeling suddenly lifted.
Tony mirrored Steve’s devious smirk, “Whoops?”
“What?” He bit out petulantly, which only caused Carol to chuckle to herself.
Tony turned around to the families, and his expression must have been mirroring how he felt, because the only person who didn't flinch before his fiery gaze was Peter's father – who he would now address as Mr. Rogers, because he absolutely loved that name.
Mr. Rogers openly scowled at that, but otherwise remained silent while gripping at his son's shoulders. It was clear he was a second from snapping at the woman and her twisted ideals, but something kept him from doing it, and Tony had the feeling it had something to do with being chivalrous – even though the bitch didn't deserve it. What a man.
, Tony found the last proof of what he had come to understand earlier about why he had fallen for Steve in the first place.
and that he was donning nothing less than Tony’s own craftsmanship. It practically stamped Steve Rogers as Tony’s and his only, and while he knew it was silly so think like that when all the other Avengers used his creations just the same, it was different when it was about Steve. For Steve he would sew the uniform entirely by hand, and for Steve he would even sew in ‘Rogers’ into the fabric, purely out of a whim to make his man’s clothes as impeccable as he could. It was pleasant, almost gratifying, and Tony couldn’t help but to enjoy the sight of how well the suit hugged at Steve’s stunning form and made him look powerful while being incredibly well protected. It was a truly formidable sight, and it was
“No, you don’t.” Steve smugly said while inserting a second finger and causing Tony to cry out in pleasure as Steve stretched his entrance with an infuriating amount of carefulness, “at least, I’ll give you reasons not to.”
