She glanced at the bottle of amber liquid the publican set on the well-worn wood of the bar, clicking her nails against the trio of empty glasses stacked next to it before she turned her gaze back to the two men who sat in the booth in the farthest corner of The Drunken Labrador, each looking for all the world like their best friend had died in spite of the fact that they sat next one other.
“Either share it or stop thinking it, Sherlock,” John’s lazy voice was stronger that it had been before, but his body was still listless.
“Are you
Again, reviews and kudos are love for this writer.  Many thanks to those of you who have already commented.  You make my day.  You really, really do!
Greg weighed Joanna’s question. “I do.  I can judge people pretty well, and some things you just can’t fake, not even if you
Mary arched an eyebrow at his words, and John fell silent again.  She turned her attention directly on the consulting detective.  “You’re not the only one who can channel the power of deductive reasoning, Sherlock.  Though in this case, even a mouse can follow a trail of breadcrumbs.”
“You really have
“Why are you so annoyed with me?” He hadn’t meant to ask that, but it had been itching at him since Sherlock had turned taciturn in the cab coming home.  John was becoming inured to Sherlock’s silences – he had learned to interpret these moods from observing the man’s body language – but this one was strange. It just hadn’t felt like the others, yet by the time they pulled up to the kerb in front of 221B, Sherlock’s silence had been replaced with frustrated monologue tinged with hints of anger.
“It’s just as well that you’ve learned to finish each other’s statements, gentlemen.  An actual word of apology from Sherlock is like to be one of the signs of the apocalypse,” Mary said softly, but the steel behind her words caused John’s mouth to snap shut like a trap.  “Do you really think we’d be here now if I felt this was deliberate?”
“Look, Moriarty may scare the piss out of me – and if you had a ounce of common sense mixed in with that brilliant intellect of yours, you’d be scared, too – but maybe you’ll live just a
she be?  It’s been two years. She’s moved on with her life.”
“The adrenaline rush should be nearly spent by now, and you had your arms tightly bound behind your back for over an hour.  Yes, please show me how well you can move them then, won’t you?”
Six pairs of opponents – their hands wrapped tightly, protective head gear strapped into place – sparred with one another on various mats placed strategically throughout the large
“No point in drawing it out,” Sherlock said.  He stood and rested his hand on his lover’s shoulder.  “Four days has been agonizing enough.”
“I’ll do my best, but this is probably going to hurt,” she said to Sherlock who sat on the floor in front of her, facing the rest of the flat.  “Not like I can anesthetize the area.”
“So she shared her love of the sport with you.”
“No, Sherlock.  I mean have you
children as Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes.f
Sherlock was about to reply to Lestrade’s observations when their attention was grabbed by an altercation at the front door to the shop.
Life was, on the whole, good.
Scotch keeps the nightmares away, too.
John and Sherlock each bundled up as best they could in their coats to begin the long, cold walk back to their Baker Street flat.  Even with the lateness of the hour and the distance left to travel, neither man had any desire whatsoever to take a taxi home that night. They talked little, but the silences were companionable rather than awkward as though their relationship could be counted in decades instead of only hours.  As they walked, John felt the adrenaline rush caused by the evening’s events drain from his body, leaving him exhausted.  Whereas Sherlock bounded up the stairs with seemingly endless energy, John was barely able to drag his arse up the 17 steps to 221B.
,” she pointed to the pipe on the desk, “was precious to
“You love him, Jo.  It’s
Their case had been the murder of Miss Eve Calhoon, executive assistant to the Vice President of Aerospace Development at Exosphere Solutions, who had been found naked and bludgeoned to death on the company testing grounds outside Caversham.  Her killer – the company’s chief of security who had been quickly apprehended – had been paid a handsome sum by the CEO to silence the woman before she could give evidence to Scotland Yard about acts of industrial espionage and corporate embezzlement that had had been orchestrated by the CEO, Nicholas Helton, to remove rivals bidding on several lucrative military contracts.   The case was a four at best; even Joanna had found it a bit predictable.  Of course Helton ran, and of course Sherlock and Joanna had given chase. They managed to corner him in the aerodynamics lab, but just as they were about to catch him, he ducked into the wind tunnel in a pointless attempt to elude them, activating the system in the process.
with me.”
Sherlock kept his gaze set firmly on The Drunken Labrador’s coat of arms hanging from the wall opposite, but he swallowed tightly when she moved in front of him and skimmed the edge of his glove, fingers ghosting against the narrow ribbon of flesh that peeked out between the leather and the cuff of his coat.  “Slight bruising around the wrists, nothing lasting – but the work of a day or two to disappear – yet long enough to imprint the memory.”
Please be aware that there will be discussions of suicide/suicide ideation in this chapter.  If that is a trigger for you, you are officially forewarned.
It didn’t come.
“You think so?”  Mycroft’s smile was cynical yet well he knew how little his brother understood human nature.  Even after all this time.
After a few quick cuts with the surgical scissors, Sherlock was able to pull the tatters of cotton away from John’s torso and was greeted with his first glimpse of the bullet wound that had ended John’s military career.  The site was indeed a mess.  A mass of pink scar tissue – some caused by the initial wound, some from the surgeries – wrapped its way across the top of John’s shoulder as well as under his arm, but it was the subtle depression below John’s left clavicle that caused Sherlock’s heart to lurch for the second time that night.  The doctor had once vaguely described his injury and indicated that he had contracted a staph infection that nearly claimed his life.  Clearly, medical treatment had included surgically removing a noticeable portion of the infected tissue.
“Breadcrumbs dyed neon green. Impossible to miss.  But John if I thought for one moment that you had deliberately left those clues for me to find as a substitution for you actually
Bloody buggering fuck!  I hate that bitch!
She should have gone back that second night, but pure Watson stubbornness and pride had kept her away.
“At the risk of repeating myself, I don’t like it when we argue, at least not like we did the other night. Some of our arguments are quite beneficial in that they allow me to process certain ideas and generally lead me to a new understanding in addition to allowing
“So, in fact …” He had seemed unable to process this new data with his usual rapidity.
“Because you were angry with
“Sherlock –“ Joanna gasped as his hands glided across the bare flesh at her collarbone then curled around each side of her skull, cupping her face in his large hands.  She watched as his eyes fluttered behind closed lids as they often did when he was categorizing new data.  “Wha … what are you doing?”  Her voice was breathless as Sherlock pulled her toward him, nuzzling gently at the shell of her ear, sensing everything he wanted through touch and smell alone. His breath whispered across her cheekbone before he finally pressed his lips to hers.
he said
Upon further reflection, shooting at the wall while thoroughly pissed on scotch – or any hard liquor, for that matter – is
“Trouble in paradise, I see.”
“Well, as I said earlier, I think better when I talk aloud, and as much as I love my skull, it’s only capable of so much insight, and the thought of continuing to try to explain my deductions to anyone at The Yard is extremely distasteful.  You, however, ask reasonable, if not always observant, questions.  Though I’m hopeful that will improve with time. ”
I’m thankful for the peace and quiet. I don’t have to worry about whether or not they’ll see past the heavy jumpers to the ribs that are starting to show beneath or the fact that I’ve had my hair cut like it was when I was in the Army because it was getting far too grey and thin.
black eyes.”
Sherlock grunted in agreement and returned to his file. He noticed that she rubbed at the pain in her hip with the heel of her hand in an attempt to loosen tight muscles that wouldn’t ease until her conscience did.
about it.” Mary dropped her head to John’s knees for a moment, breathing heavily, trying to collect herself.  When she looked back up at him, he saw that unshed tears had filled her blue eyes, but her voice was steady and strong.  “I knew what had happened the moment you slid in next to me, and I was so happy for you, John.  For
He had sent her 25 text messages in the first ten hours alone.  Not a record by any means, but certainly telling.  Joanna had turned off her phone before she passed out on the hard cot in the lounge, and didn’t bother to turn it back on until just before her shift started the next morning.  The texts were innocuous enough to the casual observer, but to Joanna’s expert eye, the messages became increasing desperate as the day progressed.
At first John was insensible to the warm lips that pressed closely to his right ear, but eventually the deep, rich timbre that whispered to him supplanted that of the demon that echoed in his mind.  Slowly,
His chest radiated pain like it was on fire, and what breath he drew came in gasps. His hands had gone numb.  He felt weak … trapped.
God, no.  Please!
“Moriarty was a psychopath, Joanna. There was no predicting him.”
“Just a bit here and there.  Knew her more by reputation, than anythin’. Brilliant doctor and a bloody good soldier, Doc Watson is.  Saved a couple of mates of mine in Sangin.”
Mary bit the inside of her cheek to keep from grinning at John and Sherlock’s gasps of surprise.  Blue and grey eyes both widened.  John tugged nervously at the sleeve of his blue jumper, and Sherlock cleared his throat and adjusted the scarf at his neck; for the first time in four days, however, they each met her gaze directly.
Of course he had agreed.   Joanna so rarely asked something personal of him that Sherlock wasn’t going to decline simply because the sentiment made no sense to him whatsoever.  However, in their months living together, Sherlock found himself strangely willing to push his boundaries of and tolerance for sentiment where Joanna Watson was concerned. It was confusing, to be sure.
,” she spat the final word as if it were bitter in her mouth.
where this was going.
The Holmeses had not attended Sherlock’s funeral. Initially, Greg had found it unpardonable, but after the service Mycroft had explained that his mother had fallen ill with the flu, and his father simply did not travel from Sussex without her. Mycroft had mentioned something about a small memorial service at the family estate for those who had know Sherlock as a child, so if Greg found it odd that after all these months Mr and Mrs Holmes still spoke of their younger son in the present tense, he didn’t show it. Joanna did much the same, when she spoke directly of Sherlock at all.  He would ask Mycroft about it later.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at The British Government and only just managed to avoid rolling his eyes. “I will
The ride from the flat to the tramway tunnel had been interminable.  Rarely had Sherlock ever taken note of traffic lights and roundabouts; all they had ever been were a sort of  “visual white noise” to the symphony of his thoughts, but their dull humming had turned to an antagonistic roar of laughter as heavier than usual traffic kept the cab from quickly traversing the few miles between.   How they mocked him and his desperation to reach his friend.  He had arrived in time, though ultimately, it was John himself who had prevented Sarah from being skewered by a crossbow bolt and, consequently, kept Sherlock from being strangled to death by an over-zealous acrobat with a silk fetish.
“Jo …”
They smell like you.
A low moan of fear escaped his lips when a pair of strong arms locked around him from behind.
Joanna learns about bees and gets the shock of her life.
!“ John had been trying to ferret out the meaning implied in her words and groaned with misery when it finally sunk in.  He buried his hands in his face.  “I am
Hey, everyone, just wanted to let you know that it's going to be a while until I post another Sherlock fic after I finish this one. But you can change that. Everyone here has the ability to go on my website and peruse the collection of fanfictions I currently have planned and vote on which ones you want to see come to life next. I hope to become more organized by February and I'm very pleased to say that if I stick to my updating schedule, I'll have Time and Tribulations finished by then too.
"I happen to know the route like the back of my hand." Sherlock defended with a chuckle, taking her hand in his own and helping her down the stairs to the front door.
Exciting news! I've got a website. Why is this exciting? That's a good question, allow me to explain: you can vote! I have, on my website, a survey. This survey contains all of the planned fanfictions I want to write. For those of you who don't know, I write only three open fics at a time (right now I have four because I hate myself). When there is an open space, your vote could mean that the fic you're most excited about will be up next.
“...Why now?” he finally asked, struggling to keep his voice even.
"Moriarty, can I speak to you outside while Ms. Morstan makes sure that there are no burns on Ms. Watson that we can't see while she is decent?" He said pointedly, standing by the door and offering that the shorter man exit first. Moriarty sighed, stepping out of the room and glaring at Sherlock.
"Then I shall inform her. I'll have you both meet here and then you can pick out whatever shop meets your fancy." Sherlock pressed a kiss to his mother's forehead, shook his father's hand and made his way to his room to contemplate the events of the day.
“It’s either tonight or not at all since I imagine Mr. Holmes will be exceedingly busy preparing for his wedding for the rest of the week,” James answered, giving her hand a reassuring squeeze. “Should you need me, I will also be in attendance.”
"What could you possibly d-ah!" Sherlock jumped in surprise as Jane grabbed his arse before leaving the room. "Ms. Watson!"
"I don't think I'll ever risk not seeing him again... That tree... I'll avoid it if I ever make it back to Sherlock..."
"I promise I'm fine."
"Oh? When did you tell her the wedding was, exactly?" Jane asked, raising her eyebrows.
Sherlock's tongue delved inside her and Jane was completely pulled out of her thoughts and back to the new sensations Sherlock was lavishing her in. She had already given up on reading anymore and had set the book to the side, hips naturally lifting on their own and pressing back against Sherlock's lips. She could practically feel him smirking against her, one of his arms gently wrapping around her legs as if he needed to touch more of her.
"Actually, I was gonna see if you wanted hot chocolate, since I made some." She pointed at the steamy mug in her hand and John smiled before nodding.
“And a drinking problem,” Jane answered with a nod. “Same-sex marriages aren’t that uncommon in the future…”
"Sorry, princess, but girls aren't allowed in our base." John said seriously. Sherlock looked between him and Mike several times before grabbing John's wrist, bring his hand to her mouth and biting him hard.
"Hmm... No one has ever said that." He said, pondering something.
"You want me to go to the market with you?"
Sherlock requests that Jane be put in charge of taking care of him during the duration of his stay at Reichenbach Manor while his ankle recovers. All seems well at first but Moriarty's jealousy soon erupts into something far more dangerous.
"I suppose I'll have to make due then, won't I?"
They kissed and tugged at each other's clothing until they were both bare, skin pressed against skin. Jane broke the kiss, panting softly as she looked up at him. A smirk appeared on her lips and she rolled them over so Sherlock was on his back with her sitting on top of his thighs. He seemed surprised for a moment but he chuckled, hands sliding up her body to cup her breasts.
"You don't give gifts." Jane narrowed her eyes.
"Is she?" he asked seriously, like he hadn't noticed. Perhaps he hadn't. Beauty was never really something he had paid much mind to, now that Jane was thinking about it. "I don't care about that. All that matters to me, is you. Perhaps that's difficult for you to believe, especially now that I know the truth about you, but I do love you, Jane. That's never going to change. I wasn't marrying Adler because I felt anything for her. I felt nothing towards her, honestly. I was just doing it in hopes that it would appease my mother. Sort of foolish of me, looking back on it... as if marrying that woman would make my mother worry any less about me."
"Actually, I was trying to figure you out, I suppose... But I did want to thank you again."
The kiss seemed to ignite something in him because he then took control of it, guiding her to rest on her back. He broke the kiss to trail kisses down her neck, hand slipping under her to undo the numerous buttons that kept her dress in place.
"I suppose I do, yeah."
"This is far too much!" Jane objected and he shook his head.
He said, unsteadily, ‘Don’t stop.’
She nodded. ‘I ‘ope you can tell, sir, from what I’ve said, that ‘e was a good man, and kind. But even the best can be led astray by those wif money an’ a good station in life. Mr Milverton wasn’t a good man, sir, God save me for speakin’ ill of them that’s passed, but ‘e wasn’t. An’ John disappeared the very day the Master was killed. ‘Arry thinks that John ‘ad somethin’ to do with it, mebbe even a hand in the killin’, even tole the police such.’ Her voice rose slightly in outrage on the last words, her accent becoming more marked.
"I'm fine. I'm not malnourished or dehydrated. I haven't contracted any unsavory diseases. I'm just a little disoriented..." John growled, sitting by a window and staring out at it blankly.
"I was going to say something meaningful, but I suppose the moment's gone now. Thanks for that." Sherlock merely chuckled and they sat there quietly for a while longer.
Bill was sitting on the ground, eyes widened with panic as he clutched a wound on his thigh. The poor sod had been unfortunate enough to be hit with a bullet to the femoral artery as well as the femur, causing pieces of fractured bone to jut out at odd angles while the artery spurted blood with the same sort of enthusiasm that a lovely park fountain might.
"God, fucking dammit..."
"I wasn't aware that Mr. Lestrade had a child." Jane frowned.
tree. She was certain of it. The tree she had tried to take her life in front of all those months ago. It looked younger now but there was no mistaking it. She would've leapt with joy for finally finding it again had it not been for the fact that her thoughts were interrupted by the sharp, scathing tone of the man who had inadvertently led her here.
“Did you know that Ms. Adler was going to wear the dress I’m wearing this evening?” Jane asked with a raised brow. She could tell by his expression that he did not.
"Two days is more than enough time to inform a priest, select a dress for her, and I've never been particularly inclined towards floral arrangements. I would like to use grandmama and grandfather's wedding bands if you have no objections. Everyone will already be at the church since it will be Sunday. Is there anything else that concerns you?"
Or perhaps, it was a way for Molly to familiarize herself with the other woman she’d be sharing her resting place with. It was only natural, after all, to be wary of sharing a bed with a complete stranger, that had been why John had suggested that he sleep on the sofa. But Molly’s home was indeed so humble that it did not boast such a thing, much like John’s lonely flat back in London two hundred years in the future.
"Well, now I know for certain it's a lie." Sherlock stated, and she reached over and pinched his side. "Ow. What was that for?"
"Pardon?"
The sharp pain of a bullet ripping through his shoulder was not like any pain John had been accustomed to in his relatively easy life. With a cry of agony, John dropped Murray who didn’t even yelp when he hit the ground.
“I’ve got a bit of bad news…” Moriarty had returned with a frown. “Apparently, no one has seen Sherlock this evening.”
Somewhere along the moors where Scotland and England meet, the forests and fields are dusted with magic. Or so the legends go. The area was littered with vague stories of people wandering through the trees and never being seen again. No trace of the missing persons, no corpses. Nothing but a whisper of their name on the wind. The locals suggested for centuries that it was the work of fairies. That when the moon was just right, and a thick mist spilled over the moors, anyone caught wandering the uninhabited lands during a blue moon when the fog was golden with the light of a rising or setting sun would be taken to the realm of the fairies for eternity.
"It that good or bad?"
"Oh! I brought you breakfast."
"Not in a while, by any means. It was actually kind of nice to perform medicine again, even if it was something as rudimentary as checking a sprained ankle." Jane muttered, carefully putting on his sock again. She then picked up the edges of her petticoat and ripped off a strip of it approximately two inches wide and began wrapping it firmly around his ankle. "This will help relieve some of the discomfort you'll feel when you walk." she explained as she tied it up and carefully returned his shoe to his foot.
The glass-blower she found, of course, was surprised by the massive quantity of baubles she requested. Jane made sure to soothe him by ensuring if he couldn't completely meet the order, it wouldn't be a problem but she would still appreciate as many ornaments as he could make and that she'd pay handsomely for it. She left the store in a pretty good mood but it was soured almost immediately when she literally ran into Moriarty. He looked genuinely surprised to see her.
“I can sleep on the floor…” Molly heard Jane say as the mousy brunette guided her guest into the bedroom.
"Ms. Watson... I don't know what to say... I suppose an expression of my gratitude for seeing me as such an honorable man is in order. Thank you. I will try to be worthy of that vision. If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask."
She had cleared out the library of books to read and now she had nothing to do but read them again, and even that didn't seem very appealing. The vast estate had been fun to explore at first but now it was all familiar. She even had a favorite reading spot in a lovely meadow with blue and purple wildflowers speckled among the grass.
Mary came down dressed in a light pink dress, smiling sweetly and going to hug Molly. John couldn't help but think that she was very attractive, though he was very much aware that he wouldn't have a chance with her in his current form. Not that he could do much about his body anyways. He shoved down his attraction for her, reminding himself that in his time she's been long dead.
"'Holmes' is fine, Moriarty." Sherlock corrected with heavy scrutiny. Jane had to mask her amusement at the distance the man was imposing between himself and Moriarty who favored ignoring boundaries wherever possible.
"Yeah, but I really don't want Sherlock seeing the base." John muttered, glancing behind him at the zone-out girl.
"If it's about the rumors that I'm on the prowl for an affair, I'm not." Jane answered and Sherlock's face only showed more confusion.
"Thank you, likewise." Jane curtsied graciously. Mycroft was a bright shade of red embarrassment and Euros was looking around the room like an excited puppy.
“London.” Jane answered, following Molly out of the stables. “There's no one who would worry about me. I'm alone in this world...” It was a blatant lie, there was Harry, of course. But he didn't want to worry her or have her find out where he was or what he was doing just yet. There was a note for her waiting at his flat and he'd get an earful for it when she eventually found it.
The laid like that for a while, tangled together and kissing lazily. Eventually, Sherlock pulled out of her and she drifted off to sleep some time after that.
"I'm sorry you had to see that. I wasn't expecting a visit from you." Jim explained with a sympathetic expression. "I trust you came to discuss something?"
With that Jane left the room, rushing out of the house and back to her own home with Molly, a safe haven from the world around her. All thoughts of the wounded Mr. Holmes fled her panicked mind.
"Is someone there? Please, I need some assistance!"
"Never, Janey. You've become like a sister to me, and I plan to continue treating you like one, even when you take up Mr. Sherlock Holmes' name." Jane smiled and hugged Molly.
"Another woman?" Sherlock asked bewildered, nearly stumbling again. "No. Not at all."
"Oh, that... apparently our lack of sex is common knowledge around the village and he was kind enough to inform me of that..." Jane murmured bitterly, face a little red. Sherlock's shoulders visibly stiffened and his ears were now very obviously bright red.
"Get off of me." she said sternly, pushing at his chest. Moriarty persisted, pushing rougher against her and grabbing her arse. She let out a yelp and brought her knee up to his groin, pushing him away harder this time. "I do believe, Mr. Moriarty, that I said to get off of me."
"Yes, that was before Moriarty- Before he assaulted you..."
"I give you my word, Sherlock, dear. I just want to get to know her better."
"I bleed for almost a week once a month. You can't be that surprised by my disinclination to be squeamish." Jane countered, rolling her eyes. "This is going to hurt. A lot."
“I… wait!” Sherlock reached for her hand, but Jane didn’t look back at him, trying her best to brace herself for whatever he was about to say. “I love you.”
"You see that man over there with the light blue cravat?" Sherlock finally broke the comfortable silence between them.
Wolfson's gift also seemed fairly simple. According to Mrs. Hudson he would misplace his spectacles quite frequently. She got him a lovely chain that would attach to both ends of his glasses and he could wear it as a necklace of sorts. He didn't know what it was at first but once Jane explained a small smile appeared on his face and he immediately put the chain to use, mumbling a quiet but sincere thanks.
"You feel incredible..." he whispered, lips just barely grazing hers.
“Does he not deserve to know, Jane?” he asked in return, gently touching her arm as a form of support. “Your reputation will be ruined in a matter of months. It’s already been a month since you found out and soon you’ll show and everyone will assume the worst.”
"So what happened? You were abducted by some sort of weird underground organization that dresses men in dresses and gives them feminine names?"
"I'm not!" she promised, leaning down to kiss him. "I just thought you might be delighted to know that the medical community of the future has determined that as long as neither of us are too rough, having sex won't affect the baby whatsoever..."
"So how long have I been gone?"
"I don't know. I don't really keep up with that stuff. Sounds like you've heard that silly local legend."
The evening arrived much faster than Jane anticipated and soon there were guests flooding the halls and Jim stepped into the guest room to check on Jane.
To say that Jane experienced a mountain of relief when she was greeted by the sight of a peacefully snoozing Sherlock next to her the following morning would be a vast understatement. She'd half been convinced she'd wake up to find that the night before had all been a dream. Although she could argue that she hadn't really seen a lot of him in the last few months, he was looking more tranquil in this blissful moment than he had ever since she had returned. She pondered whether or not that peaceful expression would vanish when he woke up.
She spent a great deal of the evening milling through the crowd, speaking to everyone but leaving her absence a general mystery. She could feel Sherlock's eyes on her but since he didn't seem willing to talk with her any longer than he already had, she simply chose to act as if she hadn't noticed.
"Did you miss me?"
“Could be.” The woman replied with a playful glint in her eyes. “You’ll just have to see.”
"I'll have it after the duel, digestion slows me down." Sherlock dismissed, rubbing his eyes as he continued to wake up. Jane watched him curiously, raising an eyebrow.
“July 6th, 1981, John Hamish Watson was born to Clyde and Amanda Watson. The unremarkable little boy… was me." She paused only for a brief moment and then forced herself to deliver an onslaught of truth in the form of a monologue, knowing that if she didn't get it out all at once, she wouldn't have the courage to. "I was average in my grades at school for a great deal of my childhood. I got into rugby at sixteen and I finally started to apply myself academically. I was rather popular with the ladies, but I was never really great at keeping a girlfriend. Finally, I graduated from university with a masters degree, nowhere near the top of my class and to resolve my tuition debts, I joined the army as a doctor where I was shipped out to Afghanistan to help with the war and conflict there. I spent a year and a half out there before the very unlucky day that I was wounded in action and honorably discharged, sent back to London and given a very meager stipend for my services in the Queen’s Army as Captain of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers. I had frequent panic attacks and nightmares from the trauma. I had a limp that had nothing to do with my shoulder wound, and I had become useless as a surgeon since I couldn’t get my damned hands to stop shaking no matter what I did. I was a broken man with no hope toward a future, no love of myself, and no reason to live… So I left a note for my sister to find, went to a forest with my handgun, and planned to kill myself. And… when I couldn’t… I hated myself more than I ever had… Then one moment I was in 2010, crying on a forest floor littered with leaves, and the next, I was in 1810 with a set of breasts and other key changes, where I was fortunate enough to meet some of the truest friends I have ever had, and the love of my life. I do love you, Sherlock… more than I’ll ever be able to properly say… And the day where I wasn’t able to tell you that… I was whisked by to my own time and I never stopped trying to get back to you to tell you. I wish I could’ve returned to that moment and given you the reply you deserve instead of vanishing for two years and leaving you to mourn me…”
"Hmmm... well, I do love you." he agreed with a small smile, kissing her reverently.
John spun around frantically, eyes taking in the bleak overcast and the fallen leaves, and how different the forest looked. Anguish crossed his features and he fell to his knees.
"Alright, alright. Please arrange it so that I can at least help her shop for her dress."
"Ah, Mrs. Holmes, good morning." he greeted sincerely. Mrs. Holmes. How come everyone saw her as that except for Mr. Holmes?
"Why wouldn't she be allowed to be herself?" John's brows knit together in confusion.
"It's merely sprained. Like your wrist it will be better in a couple of days, maybe a week at most depending on the severity of the spain. The best suggestion I can make to help it along faster is to walk on it as much as possible."
"I'm fine, Ms. Hooper. I think I was just in the stables for too long. I'm actually going to go for a walk. I think I could use some more fresh air." John decided, turning back to the door.
"You work for Moriarty?" he asked in shock before recovering his normal air of disinterest. "I didn't realize he required an amateur physician."
He kissed her tenderly as his mind continued to dizzy him with sensations of pleasure and she pliantly returned the kiss, letting out a content sigh. Exhaustion from the party as well as their latest activities hit them hard and Jane let out a quiet yawn.
“Oh, this?” Jane asked, pointing to the scar that had somehow led her to this moment. “No, I’ve had this for quite a while now.”
"Well, I did ask Mrs. Hudson's advice. It's not like it was done on intuition."
"I happen to think that my mother would like you." Sherlock admitted, visibly relaxing.
"I suppose that makes sense." Jane admitted, rather surprised at his simplistic answer.
Sherlock’s knuckles turned white with how hard he gripped the doorknob, but with one glance into those pleading blue eyes, his resolve to leave this room dissolved. He let out a very heavy sigh, running his fingers through his curls frustratedly and turning to look at her expectantly.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson." Jane hugged the woman for a brief moment before pulling back to look at her. "Do you need an escort home?"
"Wouldn't be the first time you and I shared a bed, husband." Sherlock buried his face in a nearby pillow, Jane assumed it was to hide his blush. She playfully ruffled his hair before relaxing back into the mattress and drifting off to sleep.
"What?" Jane blinked at him in disbelief.
"There's no way I can make it up to y- what?"
"Sherlock!" she called into the house, reassuringly squeezing Mrs. Hudson's hand. It took only a few seconds before Sherlock appeared from the parlor, a rather surprised expression on his face when he saw her.
“What the fuck is this?!” John shouted in shock, hands going to his now prominent hips before feeling for the genitalia that was no longer there. Now he was panicking once again. What had happened in the last hour to change him so drastically? This had to be a dream, right? A very, very vivid, lucid dream. He couldn't go to town like this. No, he wouldn't. He pinched himself as if that would actually wake him and to his disappointment, he remained exactly where he was.
Jane was John again... and nothing made her heart hurt more.
"What happened to you?" Moriarty inquired curiously, sitting in an armchair across from Sherlock.
"Jane... Jane... wake up!" It was Sherlock. Jane groaned, opening her eyes to find the room still flooded with darkness. It was Saturday, but the sun probably had at least an hour or two before it was going to rise. She curled back up into the pillow, burying herself under the covers. "Come on, Jane. You agreed to spend the day with me. I have something special prepared."
"I don't recall admitting defeat." he mused, fingertips ghosting her folds. Jane tried to hide the excited shiver of anticipation that went up her spine but Sherlock was far to enthralled with her (and observant) to miss it.
They sat at the table and ate in an amiable silence. The food was a bit bland, but John didn’t mind. It was likely that spices were expensive in this time period, but Molly had at least the brilliance to cook the eggs in the bacon grease.
"Of course not. The last week has been spent getting the place furnished and stocked for you." Moriarty stated as if it was obvious and her eyebrows furrowed once more.
"Well..." he started, a light blush dusting his high cheekbones. "I am dying to ravish you, but you're pregnant..." Jane stared at him for a moment and then started giggling. "Are you mocking me?"
"There's nothing to figure out." Jane replied hotly.
“To give you the truth…” Jane said, feeling smaller by the second as Sherlock’s eyes bore into her. “You’ve always wanted to know about me… right?”
"If you've come to gloat, you can go on your way," she growled, taking the cloth and wiping her face dry.
It had felt a little uncomfortable to be stripped clean of all the secrets of their pathetic marriage, but Jane was grateful that Mycroft had chosen to only talk quietly about it with her and not announce it to the dinner table.
"I'm hardly the one you should be apologizing to, Lord Stamford." Lestrade stated seriously.
"A cèilidh? What's that?" Jane asked, raising an eyebrow as Molly dragged her through the market in search for a dress.
"I'm not sure that's the best idea, Prince John." Lestrade answered seriously. "That would exclude your guest."
"Oh, um, it's nothing to worry about." Jane assured, forcing a smile. "I just limp when the weather gets cold." it was a bold lie, but hopefully he wouldn't notice. He must've accepted her answer because he didn't press the matter further.
John looked down at his apparel, a blush creeping onto his cheeks as well. “I don't...”
"Well... There is another reason..."
“I don’t understand.”
"Ms. Watson, are you decent?"
"I couldn't agree more, Mrs. Holmes." he said softly, straddling her legs and gently grabbing her arse. Jane let out a little gasp of surprise but attempted to bury her attention into her book. "Trying to ignore me?"
“Hands change.” She stated plainly. “Just as you do. Sure, there are outside forces that can affect one’s destiny, but for the most part we pave our own paths."
Sherlock stepped into the room, guilt flooding through him as he glanced at the woman lying on his bed. He eyed the bodice laying on the floor and blushed at the sight of her undergarment, swallowing thickly. "This is the second time you've saved me this month, Ms. Watson, I do believe you're making a habit of it." he teased halfheartedly, mind obviously distracted. He was, in truth, very grateful for both times she had saved him.
"You may recall him from our last socialization in London," he answered, shifting nervously under her gaze. "I hope you'll be discreet? I realize that it's unlikely you'll keep my secret if you hate me, but I would prefer to not be executed."
"I am intrigued to know what has you so excited." she admitted, following him out into the early hours of the morning. She could hardly see, yet her eyes had somehow become accustomed to that. It was actually rather moist out, not from rain, but heavy fog. The moon seemed to have a blue tinge to it tonight but she could hardly see it. Instead she focused solely on where Sherlock was guiding her, stepping where he stepped.
"I don't see why not. She's your fiance after all." Mary said with a smirk and Sherlock visibly winced.
"Mama! Sherlock bit me!" John bellowed when he finally found his mother in the library. Amanda looked up and blinked in shock.
"My life. It's so... messy. I've lost many friends. I have no fortune, no career. No future..." Jane sighed heavily, clenching her fists.
"Maybe I'm just hoping that you can use this as an opportunity to talk to Mr. Holmes and get him to open up to you."
I feel like I'm getting repetitive with apologizing in all of my chapter summaries, but I'm sorry for being late once again. I promise I'm working to get caught up. :)
"Why were you surprised? I don't consider you to be a nuisance, which is admittedly the closest thing I've ever come to giving anyone a compliment." At that Jane started snickering a bit and it only took a few seconds for Sherlock to join in.
Wolfguard had left earlier that morning, cutting off any hope of him changing his mind and taking his daughter back to wherever they had come from. John and Mike weren't about to let it get them down, though.
“I’m sorry,” John pleads, for what seems like the millionth time as he passes him the kitchen. But Sherlock just turns sharply, strides across the room, and picks up his violin. He avoids John for the rest of the day and locks the bedroom door that night. John sleeps upstairs, in his old room, for the first time in two years.
“Sherlock,” he says the gentlest voice he can offer.
songs i listened to for inspiration:
suprise! early chapter. i'm off of school so i had some extra time...stay tuned for c!
They float back to shore slowly, calmly, letting the waves push them back. Sherlock’s white t-shirt sticks to him and too late he remembers the scars from Serbia that now cover his back and he twists to face John, but it’s too late. He can see by John’s face that he’s seen and even worse, he probably wants to talk about it...But John doesn’t push it, he just splashes Sherlock again and Sherlock feels like kissing him.
‘Realised what?’
‘There’s been a murder, apparently.’
‘To give the poor girl some closure, Holmes,’ I said evenly.  I bit back,
John says, ‘Erm, Sherlock -’
We cleaned each other and lay quietly in the darkness. There didn’t seem to be any adequate words. His arms were around me. I rested my head on his shoulder and allowed myself to simply enjoy the sensation of having him so close that I could feel his heartbeat, and hear his breath.
He glared at me. ‘On second thoughts, maybe I should stay. As you rightly say, Watson, who knows where the next case to challenge us will come from.’
I stared. ‘What?’
He was standing near his bed, and had taken off his dressing gown. He turned as I entered, hands falling from his nightshirt. I closed the door behind me, and moved to him, catching his hands in mine and kissing the long fingers lightly. I said ‘Thank you.’ He looked at me, eyes hooded, ‘For what?’
‘I think you’ll find,’ I said, as he drew me back into his room, ‘That I have my methods.’
'Watson. I had no…. Forgive me.'
I hurried upstairs, divested myself of my clothes, and threw on my nightshirt. As an afterthought I rumpled my bed. I would have to be back in my room before anyone else woke, but even so leaving it untouched seemed like too great a risk. I turned to head back downstairs and suddenly caught myself. What was I doing? I was risking my entire relationship with Holmes and for what? I leaned against the door frame, my breath coming in bursts, suddenly afraid. A small noise from downstairs caught my attention. Holmes. I thought of him, in his room, waiting. Alone. As it seemed he had been his entire life. I went to him.
His breath was coming in bursts as he whispered, ‘The loss of control….’ I slid my hand down to his rear, and pulled him against me. The action brought our groins in contact. I bit back a moan as I whispered, ‘…is the point.’ At the contact, he gasped, and jerked as if struck. Against all my instincts, I pulled away, uncertain.
I had been almost unconscious, but his voice brought me some way to alertness. ‘I find that unlikely.’ I mumbled, enjoying the warmth of him against my chest.
Sherlock says, almost inaudibly, his voice not even slightly steady, ‘I want more, John.’
It was into this slightly strained atmosphere that I came down one morning to find Holmes opening the post. As I sat to one of Mrs Hudson’s excellent breakfasts Holmes threw one letter after another onto the table. ‘Boring.’ He opened the next, and scanned it. ‘Obviously the daughter in law. Why do people not reason?’ Clearly not expecting an answer, he examined the next envelope before throwing it aside unopened. ‘Tedious.’ He paused at the next, then threw the unopened letter across the table to me, commenting, ‘From a fellow physician’ before continuing through his own post, ‘And apparently this man has mislaid his sister.' Holmes seemed cheered at the thought. ‘Careless, wouldn't you say, Watson?'
My relief made my encouraging smile genuine. ‘Ah, I see. Can you give me some information about your former fiancée?’
Then had come his death, and Mary’s, and any thought of regulating my own mind to the proprieties of friendship had vanished. What did it matter then? More than once I had imagined, in the silence of my room, his voice, his hands, his mouth on mine.
His reaction was a source of such profound relief I almost laughed. ‘Then you still wish to-‘
I stared. ‘How can you possibly know that? Forgive me, but you’ve never met him.’
I listened from my hiding place in our darkened sitting room at Holmes’ behest; ‘Quick man, if you love me!’, as Holmes baited Smith into revealing himself, and in turn revealed his illness to be a deception, aimed only at trapping Culverton Smith. In this, of course, he was successful. I listened in a sort of dumbfounded shock to the arrival of Lestrade, Smith's arrest, and Holmes' explanation.
He shook his head and I looked at him in confusion. He gave a rueful laugh at my expression.
During the first challenging case after our relationship had changed, it became apparent that Holmes barely planned to sleep, let alone engage in any intimacy.  I grew accustomed to retiring to my own bedroom again, aware that any interruptions from Holmes in the night would be to drag me out of my bed and across London, rather than to his room. Returning our relationship to what it had been should not have been painful, but my desire to touch him was like an ache I couldn’t treat. The case ended in triumph, and we took a meal at Simpson’s to celebrate. On our return to Baker Street, he was in upbeat mood, but I was tired and a little despondent, and went to my room, prepared to retire immediately.
And with that one gesture the rest of the world seems to fall away, the sounds and sights disappear and all of it is just one man. All he can see are those piercing eyes, that ridiculous hair, and that heart-breaking expression of hopeful fear.
He rose to fetch the decanter of brandy. ‘Not really. I enjoy your company. Although I wish it was under better circumstances.’ He poured his brandy and regarded me closely, leaning on his desk. ‘You look terrible.’
I closed my eyes for a second, as duty warred with desire, then; ‘Wait there.’ I said. I took the stairs to my room two at time, and grabbed my bag, pausing only to throw some more items into it. As I reached the hallway again, Mrs Hudson handed me my coat, throwing my scarf around my neck even as I kept moving past her, Freddy in tow. To my surprise, Holmes was in the hallway. He said, ‘I took the liberty of hailing a cab.’ Then quietly, for my ears only, ‘Hurry home.’ My heart leapt in my chest.
I stammered, ‘But I don’t-‘ And stopped. But of course I did. I had been a fool not to see it before. Why else would Holmes’ unfeeling actions have caused me such distress? I had loved him for a long time.
I grumbled, but acquiesced, shuffling slowly away. As I reached the door, I looked back. He had turned out the lamp, and only light from the street lamps through the cracks in the curtains lit his slim form. Without even a conscious thought, I moved to him, drew his face to mine, and kissed him.
She essayed a hesitant smile. ‘Oh I know who you are sir, begging your pardon, my young man ‘as read your stories to me, from the Strand like, you know. I even met Mr Holmes once, not that he’d remember, fine gentleman as he is, he came visiting on my old master, Mr Milverton, before....well...,’ She trailed off at the look on my face.
I reached up, determined, and drew his face back to mine. I rested my forehead against his as I whispered, ‘You never have to. I have you here. That is more than I ever dreamed. You need never say it. Simply never leave.’
His unruffled demeanour falls away and he snaps, ‘Watson, for God’s sake be rational.’ He jumps up and begins to pace, casting anxious sideways glances at me.
He blinked at me in surprise.
I frowned. ‘I disagree. You have travelled the world. Taken the life altering techniques of modern medicine to the furthest corners of the world. Frequently at risk of your own safety. You have not only saved lives yourself, but trained others to do so. How many people across the globe are alive now because you visited their community? How many will be alive in the future? Don’t underestimate the value of your contribution.’
The sight of my dearest friend, that great mind, in such distress was more than I could bear. I had crossed the room and seized him by the shoulders before I could think better of it. ‘Holmes,' I murmured, ‘My dear, dear Holmes.' I could feel him trembling under my hands and I wanted nothing more than to pull him into a comforting embrace. ‘There is nothing you could do that would induce me to leave. I will stay here for as long as you will have me.' I wasn't even sure he heard me. I took my courage in my hands. ‘Sherlock.’ His eyes flew to mine, wide with shock. At those grey eyes, staring into mine from so close, my nerve almost failed me, so I rushed on, ‘I am the one who should apologise. I spoke without....I shouldn't have said....'
He paused in the act of packing his pipe and looked at me. ‘Watson, should you ever decide to turn your back on the medical profession, promise me you will never take up professional poker. Your losses would be phenomenal.’
I sighed against him. ‘Not a very useful one tonight.’
‘You said you weren’t gay. Repeatedly.’
Muttering his thanks in a noticeably ungrateful tone, Lestrade took the hint. We heard his footsteps on the stairs and the front door close. Holmes shouted down, ‘No more disturbances, Mrs Hudson!’ Our landlady’s indignant reply was lost in the slamming and locking of the sitting room door.
‘Ah,’ I said gravely. ‘Has she indicated what the nature of her problem might be?’
‘Doctor! Doctor Watson, sir!’ I slowed my pace as a young woman crossed the road to stand in front of me. It took me a moment to recognise Agatha Robson. With a guilty start I realised I had been so preoccupied with Holmes that I had not communicated with her after our interview.
I blinked at her. This was unexpected, although I was relieved her interest in finding Milverton’s murderer only extended to wanting to know it was not her ex-fiancé. I could reassure her on that point, at least.
‘Holmes, don’t worry, I’m here, I’m fine. All is well.’ I take his face in my hands to make sure he is looking at me. My cheeks are wet and the cooling effect is a startling contrast to the heat of my hands against his face.
‘No, not at all. I-, that is we, Holmes and I-‘ I found myself suddenly stammering. ‘I mean, the conclusion is entirely understandable given the history that we, that is, you and I, share...’ I tailed off, telling myself that the sudden heat in my cheeks was due entirely to the fire. ‘Holmes and I are just friends. Close friends, of course, but that is all.’
I looked steadily at him. ‘Holmes is not the only great man I know, and to my knowledge you are not guilty of similar…..eccentricities.’
I had disbelieved him then. Would not allow myself to believe him. And now, I saw that if Holmes was afraid, then we were both afraid. Afraid to take a chance that James and Agatha had both taken without a thought.
I could not know that the seeming source of all light in my world existed still, and was planning his return even then. That moment in my consulting room when the grey world turned to shining colour again will stay with me all of my days.
I huffed a laugh. ‘Hardly.’ Having him so near was intoxicating. We had stood close before, in hiding, on cases, but never with this intensity, this liberty to touch. I ran my free hand soothingly over his upper arm. I said again, ‘Anything you want, Holmes. Or don’t want. It’s all up to you.’
‘Investigate the man’s business partner, Detective Inspector,’ said Holmes in his most imperious voice. He moved to the sitting room door, holding it open. ‘If you have any further questions I will be at your disposal tomorrow, but in the meantime,’ he gestured pointedly to the stairs, ‘I have my experiments.’
I caught my breath. ‘God, yes. Please.’
. I couldn’t bear the idea of it. I thought of all the times in my life I had been held, and the memories of that affection which both hurt and sustained me in my loneliest hours. The thought that Holmes, my dearest friend, had no such memories, no such affection, was anathema to me.
I looked behind her, where a young man in apprentice garb had appeared at the foot of the stairs, anxiety in every aspect. ‘Freddy!’ I said in surprise, even as I cursed his timing, ‘What on earth is the matter?’
He sighed. ‘I know.’ He assumed a look of modesty. ‘I’m a great man.’
‘As my oldest and dearest friend?’ I asked quietly. ‘As someone I loved? As someone whose death overshadowed even that of my wife?’ It was my turn to look away. ‘I never truly grieved for her as she deserved. I was still mourning you.’
‘Said?’ I prompted.
I raised an eyebrow at him, trying to smile, to lighten the atmosphere. ‘You didn’t deduce it?’
I turned. He was standing at the door to his room. He had removed his jacket, collar, and cravat, and his top shirt buttons were undone. He looked at me expectantly and said, ‘Experiments, Watson.’
Eventually I fell silent. I hoped I had not overstepped any bounds, but as I finished my drink I felt unburdened in my relief.
He runs his hands through his hair. ‘Amounts that I am inured to! Amounts that would do me no harm!’
‘Miss Agatha Robson,’ Mrs Hudson announced reprovingly. Her name was vaguely familiar, but I couldn’t for the life of me remember where I’d heard it before.
‘Oh.’ She paused, then; ‘Thank you sir, for listening, and for being so kind.’ She got to her feet.
Sherlock says, ‘But - you were with this Adam. You – you loved -’
He took my head in his hands then, tilting it to improve the angle. I felt his tongue against my lips and I opened them, sighing into his mouth. The sound gave him encouragement, and he slid one hand down to my rear, pulling me flush against him. The action shifted us both too far forward, and we slid to the floor. He ended the movement above me, and instinctively I parted my legs to allow him to lie between them. The action brought our groins together and he gasped my name against my neck.
I had no idea how long I sat there, but eventually the front door slammed, and I jumped. I heard Holmes’ tread on the stairs and I started guiltily out of my seat so that I was standing when he entered. He didn’t look at me, but swept through to his room to deposit his gloves and scarf, calling to me as he went.
‘Well that kindness didn’t last long,’ I said dryly.
‘To your room,’ he said, continuing this vein of unnecessary deductions. I said, ‘Yes.’
I met with James a number of times in the weeks that followed. To my great relief, he was as intelligent and personable a man as I remembered, and much pleased to have a friend in London with whom he could socialise. Our talk of Afghanistan was general, and brief, and conversation soon turned to mutual acquaintances. I was able to put him in touch with other colleagues now resident in the capital. He expressed his condolences at the death of my wife, and wonder at the return of Holmes. He apologised profusely for not getting in touch sooner, and explained he had been all over the world with his work in the intervening years and communication with home had been fraught with difficulty.
She threw a glance at the door Holmes had just left through, and bit her lip, hesitantly, twisting her hands in her lap. ‘I don’t have much money, sir, not enough to buy a lot of Mr Holmes’ time, I know, but my aunt died and left me a bit, and I know it’s silly, what with me having a new young man and all, but I’ve heard the stories, sir, and I thought it might not take him long to work out –‘ this all came out in a rush and she took a quick breath.
The first thing that Sherlock observed about Jane's appearance was a series of dark marks covering the right side of her neck. He frowned and locked gazes with her.
It was after maybe fifteen minutes of strolling aimlessly through the trees when something odd happened again. It must’ve been his imagination, because John let out a surprised yelp when he felt a hand on his waist. He turned and to his surprise, nothing was there and the sensation of touch on his waist vanished. With an irritated noise, John soldiered on, more ready than ever for this bizarre night to be over.
"I... am not even sure how to respond to that. You do realize how incredibly lucky you are that there's anyone out here at all?"
"I don't see you getting any other options. And if it helps, I'm... committed, now. You'll get no trouble from me."
"And it's not rude to assault me with your fingers?"
"I think I would be much happier to be out of that situation if that were the case." John sighed, taking a swig of a beer that Harry had left him fifteen minutes ago.
And what of his friends? There would be no more Mr. Lestrade, no more Molly, nor Ms. Morstan. He felt tears start to wash down his face, speeding down every line and curve of a face that was his own but not the one he'd come to know as a part of him.
"...Interesting. You do come up with the most unique things."
“I know… but…” Jane sighed, a hand ruffling through her hair agitatedly. “What if this is truly the end..? What if he takes one look at me once I tell him and he sends me away for good? He
"Wow..."
Mary set to work, stripping Jane of her current dress and donning her in the layers of petticoats that came with the gown.
"I didn't say that. I just don't feel particularly productive, and, well, I am a maid." Sherlock set the book down and stared at her with his intense eyes that seemed to shine a thousand different colors. She bit her lip and she gained the courage to continue. "I would invite you to join me in the kitchen but Moriarty can't be bothered to go in there. I doubt you would feel any differently on the subject."
"Good morning, Jane." he greeted, voice rough from sleep and deeper than usual. It was a delicious sound.
"What is it?"
The ground beneath him rumbled as a spike of man-made heat warmed his back. A grenade, his mind offered blankly. He staggered, kept himself on his feet, glanced over his shoulder just in time to see a bullet flying towards him as if it were a slow-motion scene from a movie.
"Oh, yes. The most wonderful of things!" Molly burst into an almost blinding smile, grabbing Jane's hands and giving them an excited squeeze. "I am engaged!"
"What work would you be doing if you weren't here?"
"Really, Jane? You're not just saying that to make me feel better, are you?" Molly asked, hope glistening in her eyes as she perked up.
"I could ask the same of you."
He heard a twig crack under weight to his right and hope welled up inside him for a moment but it was immediately washed away by an unfamiliar face in a ranger uniform.
"This is Princess Sherlock. I guess she's staying with us until the end of summer." John explained with a very heavy sigh.
"How can you be so sure of yourself?"
"I don't know what you're expecting to hear from me, Harry."
The stable door swung open and all the horses in the stable greeted the person walking in with the same raised heads and perked ears that he had been treated to when he entered. He abandoned his thoughts in favor of examining the new person. It was a young lady with mousy brown hair in a simple brown dress, humming as she took a pitchfork and pitched some hay to each of the horses. When she came across the pile of straw that John had taken refuge in, she let out a startled yelp, covering her mouth in surprise.
"Lord Stamford, I shouldn't have to be telling you this, but that was not a very nice thing to say." a stern voice said behind them.
"Yes."
Most notable was the violinist of the band, a messy head of ebony curls and a face she knew all too well as her husband's. Sherlock Holmes was in attendance and he was busying himself by playing the instrument he'd received from her at Christmas. He played it beautifully, too. Sure, the other instrumentalists were playing as well, but Jane was solely honed in on the way the violin sung under the careful, focused fingertips of a man who continued to surprise her this evening.
"I think you would look ravishing in any color you wear."
"Listen, Ranger Dimmock, I don't expect you to understand, especially with how much I've left out, but suffice it to say, I fell in love and I couldn't tell him how I felt in time..."He practically growled. "Now he might never know... But my only shot is a blue moon."
"Do you want to leave this dreadful party?" he asked, eyes hooded. Jane nodded, grabbing his hand and guiding him through the back doors to her abode.
"You got married while I was away?" Jane asked in disbelief.
Her feet were quickly moving on their own and she had no choice but to follow them as she tried to figure out where the voice was coming from. There were a couple thick, untamed shrubs in what she decided must be the right way. She pushed through the bramble and branches, and as she struggled her way through the hem of her dress got snagged and torn, leaving it ragged and not-at-all very lady-like looking. She couldn't be damned, though, if it was the price she had to pay for a little bit of excitement.
"I have spent the duration of the last week with you and Ms. Watson in the kitchen. It would be a shame if I hadn't paid attention." Sherlock said rather dismissively. He glanced back at the door. "May I see her?"
He walked up a hill and looked over the valley as best he could through the canopy of budding leaves.
Jane did as she was told and pleasantly surprised to find Mary standing in the room with a surprised look on her face.
"What possessed you to do that?" Sherlock asked, blushing furiously, not sure if it was the pet name or the fact that she had just been so inappropriate with him.
Jane gave Euros a book on anatomy and the youngest Holmes spent the remainder of the evening enthralled in it. Dinner was spent with Euros still reading and Mycroft quietly observing to Jane the extent of Sherlock and her relationship, which was laughably poor.
"You have a lewder mind than I thought." Sherlock answered, smirking and sounding very, very smug about how her voice had raised half an octave even though he had barely started with her. He pressed a reverent kiss to her folds and Jane quietly shuddered, more than unable to even focus on the book she was holding.
"What? Back where?"
“Sir, that dress is reserved for a lady who will be in to purchase it later today!” the tailor protested.
“Those aren’t real tarot cards!” He replied, unable to stop his grin from growing along with hers. Her cheery attitude seemed to be infectious.
"I had actually caught on to that concept." he assured with a giggle of his own. "But you are denying my curiosity still. I haven't read a word. I can hardly imagine what you've been writing."
"You never apologized." Jane said sternly.
"Jane! You're a mess and-" Mary's expression of shock only intensified when she caught sight of her companion. "Mr. Holmes! I'll go fetch my master right away." She quickly rushed towards the study.
The next morning, Molly had tried to insist that Jane stay home to recover a little longer. But the weather was clear and Jane was in high spirits from yesterday's adventure, and, most importantly, not showing any signs of fever or pneumonia. When Jane insisted on going to work, Molly could only hesitantly agree to let her go after receiving plenty of assurance that should anything change in her condition, Molly would be called upon immediately.
"Are you even qualified to put clothes on a lady?"
"Was that not the right thing to say?" Jane didn't say anything, instead she shook off his grip and continued walking. "I'm sorry, Jane... Forgive me... I don't know what I said that wronged you but I would take it back in an instant. I... marriage is still incredibly new to me. I've never had an instance where I needed to know the right words to say before, and I can see that one of those instances was now..."
"You sound as if I'm done." he countered, voice thick with lust. He pulled her closer to him and settled between her legs, sliding inside of her with a quiet moan. Jane let out a moan to match, legs wrapping around Sherlock's waist.
“I can't say I've ever heard of such a thing, Ms. Watson. The contraption does interest me though. You must tell me more of it at dinner.”
Ms. Adler had quickly returned to her life in London after realizing that Sherlock had no intention of restoring their engagement. Anyone who had the displeasure of her company in the months following, generally described her behavior and demeanor as venomous. It took her nearly a year to get over herself and start treating people nicely again. Jane never could decide if her actions had come from a genuine like -perhaps even love- of Sherlock or a disappointment in being rejected. Either way, Jane would be lying if she had said she wasn't relieved to have Ms. Adler absent from their social circle.
"No." Jane said flatly. "I chose to marry Mr. Holmes because he asked me to, and I want to."
"I'm losing my mind, Holmes. I've read half the books in your library twice by now and if I have to read them a third time, you might come home to me throwing them at you." Jane stated matter-of-factly.
"Truly?" he moaned, pulling her down to kiss him deeply. "I had no idea someone could say a phrase that simultaneously sounded so intelligent and incredibly lewd..."
“And who is ‘Clara?’” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, glancing down at Jane. “That would’ve been my sister’s former wife.”
With this conversation out of the way, and an at least slightly secured future, John was able to fall asleep. He slept lightly and any time Molly shifted or rolled, his eyes would flutter open, he’d stare at the thatched ceiling above his head, and he lay awake for a few minutes before drifting off to sleep once more.
"Sherlock... Sherlock Holmes." John said, affection coating his tone as his thumb traced the band around his neck.
"What do people normally say?
"Hold this in place. Keep the pressure." Jane instructed and Sherlock, with a wince, did as was asked of him. She carefully ripped his shirt away from the wound, pouring a little whiskey on a fresh cloth. "What I would give for an analgesic for you right now."
"Is someone there? Please, I need some assistance!"
"A violin... How did you..?" He looked at her with wonderment.
She moved to straddle him, grabbing his wrists to prevent any further assaults to her more ticklish spots. He giggled happily, sitting up properly and moving to kiss her tenderly. She melted into the kiss, slowly releasing his hands. His arms snaked around her waist as his tongue glided across her lips, begging entry.
"You've already given me a place to stay, I couldn't ask you to do that for me." she protested and he shook his head.
"Thanks, Jim. I appreciate it." Jane murmured sincerely and he smiled, guiding her back to the carriage.
Jane could only nod quietly, staring at Sherlock with confusion. She couldn't imagine what he stood to gain from this arrangement, but Mr. Holmes seemed like the kind of man who detested anything that wasn't strictly in his personal interest. "If you have time to do your other chores, that's fine too but if not, I can divide it up among the other girls."
"Mmm... I want you inside me..." Jane moaned almost shyly, fingers finding their natural place in the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck.
"Something tells me she wouldn't agree to that proposal."
"If you've taught me anything it's that a person can change a great deal in two years." Jane sighed softly, making her way out of the room and down the stairs.
"None of what you just said made any resemblance of sense to me." Sherlock grumbled, putting on his boots and rubbing his ribs protectively.
"Stunning as always. But I would recommend wearing something a little more commonplace when you begin working, but today is just a tour." Moriarty reasoned, offering his arm. Jane took it with a raised eyebrow.
"It's not like that." Jane defended, playfully pushing Molly's face away. "You are never going to let me live this down, are you?"
"Oh, Janey. I'm so sorry. Are you alright? Never mind, that's a stupid question." Molly looked at Jane sympathetically, holding her hand and giving it a soothing squeeze.
"You aren't showing any disturbance to the sight of blood..." Sherlock observed with raised eyebrows.
"How is she?" he asked, concern flooding his eyes. It didn't matter if Jane didn't want to see him again after this, as long as she was alright. That thought startled him a bit and a shocked expression reached his face at the revelation but he was quick to paint his normal facade back onto his features.
“Let’s just say that I’ve started negotiations about my upcoming travel plans.”  Joanna snuggled down inside the greatcoat and for the first time in weeks, genuinely smiled.
“Drink your tea, Jo.  It’s soothing.”
Each time John woke at Sherlock’s quiet urging, he noticed subtle differences in the room:  The knitted throw that covered him and kept him warm; the paracetamol pressed into his hand followed by cool, refreshing water; an extra pillow beneath his shoulders propping him up just a bit more comfortably.
Mycroft had said to John during their cloak and dagger session in the warehouse yesterday.
"I chose this, Sherlock.  I don’t chase around half of London with you every bloody night just because I need a cheap flatshare, and it’s time you understood that."
Time? What are you on about? It was an
“I hate Chamomile.”
“Yet you trust me.”
A hand pressed lightly on her shoulder, and Joanna opened her eyes.  She blinked to focus on the tired face above her.
“Then head to the Yard with Jo, yeah? Simons’ is waiting. I know you hate riding in a panda, but it’ll be faster, and every minute counts on this.”
I have given Joanna the most extreme case of this illness, and compounded it with a bleeding ulcer and depression just to really make things difficult for her.  Whumping on a character is fun in a twisted kind of way, after all.  The premise that I am working from (in her private blog in chapter one) is that initially she was physically ill due to grief, but as her depression became worse, she failed to recognise the symptoms of morning sickness for what they were.  The stress of the situation also exacerbated her ulcer, leading to the bleeding that finally gets her the care she needs -- as well as the shock of her life.  I ask that you don't think too poorly of Joanna that she was drinking -- and in one case over drinking -- 21-year old scotch while pregnant.  She would never knowingly act so recklessly if she knew she was with child.  I just made sure that she didn't know.
time you try it, you do so after having had half a bottle of scotch!
Haven’t had Chinese since you and I found that new little dim sum place down in Chelsea last month.  Didn’t think we could find an egg roll to top the ones here in Baker Street, but we did.  That was a good night.  On a case for three days.   Exhausted, but you ate. I was always so grateful to see you eat. You told me about Victor. Thank you for that. It wasn’t easy for you – sentiment, after all – but I don’t think I’ve ever felt as connected to you as I did at that moment.
“Go ‘way.  Head hurts, so sleeping.”  She burrowed further under her pillow.
Joanna cringed at the memory. It had been one of the more hurtful things she had said to him that night.  She feared he thought she was accusing him of being the sociopath he claimed to be, but as bad as what she had said had been, it was nothing compared to what she had done by threatening his violin.  Talk about something for which she would never be able to atone.
I eat.  I do. I promise.  It’s my body that won’t cooperate.
Mary leaned to her left, her tone very direct and clinical, much like the man she addressed.  “You were a bit hard to deduce at first,
“If you didn’t expect me to be there, then why …”
Sherlock had wanted to reach out to her, but her rigid posture and his uncertainty stayed his hand.
Sherlock trailed the fingers of one hand down the slope of her neck, catching for a moment in the soft length of her hair before drifting lower.  Joanna arched into his hand as he palmed the curve of her breast, his thumb brushing once then twice against the suddenly taut peak of her nipple.  Sherlock breathed in her gasp of pleasure before exhaling one of his own when she nipped and suckled at his bottom lip.   Sherlock wrapped his arm around her back, pulling her tightly to him for a moment, his tongue tangling with hers one last time before he pulled away and settled on the back of his heels before her.
not do so on their own.  Hence the reason why the three of them were now squirreled away in the quietest corner of The Drunken Labrador.
Joanna shook the pouch gently, and a scattering of tobacco leaves fell into her open palm.  She brought her hand to her nose and breathed deeply; the blend was mild with a smoky and woodsy quality.  It was also sweet with undertones of cherry and chocolate.  Memories of Scotland and of her grandfather danced to the forefront of her mind.
“That’s new for you, sir.”
“I left the passenger seat for you, you know,” Joanna said as Simons turned the car south onto Kensington Park Road, she continued to stare out the window, the glare of street lamps casting a pale glow on her face as they drove through light and shadow.
“Your mobile’s too much trouble then, huh?”
“You’re not disappointed that I didn’t come to your birthday party.”
My stomach hurts.  Nauseated all the time.  Bloody stomach flu.
“Go you romantic, git!” she had giggled as John scrambled into his clothes.  “Sherlock Holmes awaits!”
Sherlock closed the file and dropped it on Mycroft’s desk. “I think I’ll surprise Joanna. She’ll be delighted!”
tempting! She was already annoyed and in considerable pain from the injury to say nothing about ruining her favourite pair of jeans, and had little patience for his huffing, puffing, and drama queen performance.
“Stop it, Sherlock!”  The detective paused at the annoyance in the doctor’s voice.  “I can’t work with you let alone be your flatmate if you’re always trying to analyze everything about me.  If there’s something you want to know, just
“Everything okay there, sir?” Simons’ voice crackled through the device, but his confusion was clear.
it, Sherlock?”  She blinked sleepily, trying to focus on the man who was illuminated only by the light from the hallway.
“Joanna, please …”
John jumped slightly at her soft words.  “It wasn’t like that,” he said after several moments with a melancholy smile and tired eyes.  He finished his tea and called for the bill, effectively putting an end to any further observations about his
“I did say ‘generally,’ didn’t I? I’m quite sure that I did.”
a Holmes. They seemed pretty hurt by what Mycroft tried to do.”
“Are you going to take off that shirt or not?” Sherlock demanded as he pulled up a chair and sat in front of John.
Are you?  Come back and tell me that you are, and I’ll never swear or drink again.
of being competent,” is what Sherlock said aloud.
(See the end of the chapter for
. And if you had just taken the time, thought about what you were doing when you went through my things – after
It was but the work of a few moments for Dr Lannister to understand Mycroft’s role in Joanna Watson’s health care, and just minutes more for him to learn that all was progressing as hoped, that the results of Joanna’s ultrasound were normal, and that a follow up would be scheduled in a month’s time.  Mycroft left the doctor with a threatening smile and a promise to call for further information as it was deemed necessary.
“Why?”  Sherlock rarely,
Mary’s worry about John and Sherlock’s safety was tempered somewhat by the knowledge that each man was more than capable at defending and protecting the other, and if she received the occasional call from Lestrade that a quick stop at A&E was in order, she was there waiting, foot tapping with annoyance at their carelessness, when they were done.
talk about Mycroft.”
was that supposed to do?!  Just
John opened his mouth apologize, and Mary tightened her hold on his earlobe for a moment before running her fingers through the short hair at his hairline; she was rewarded with a stronger tremor.
“Do not
Greg had seen ultrasound photos a few times in his career – never in his personal life, sadly – and he knew enough to know he had no bloody clue what he was looking at.
“And the other?”  Though the knit fabric now covered the bruises Donovan’s had left behind on Joanna’s forearm, he had seen their vivid pattern on her skin in the gym.  The thought of Joanna being injured always troubled him, but the knowledge that Donovan, of all people, had manhandled his blogger in such a way had nearly sent Sherlock spare.
“Jo, please don’t.  Everything will be fine.  The paramedics will be there in … ” he glanced at fingers his councillor held up, “… in four minutes. Just breathe, okay. Jo?  Jo?!”
“You – you mean …”
Joanna held the vial up to the light of the torch, and sure enough, she could see the shadow of the data chip inside the opaque container. She bagged the evidence and stripped off her now bloody nitrile gloves, dropping them on the drape beside the body for the Yard to dispose of when they wrapped up the crime scene. Pocketing her torch, she headed back into the main room of the shop, currently the centre of the investigation.
.  I’m not an idiot or a child.
Joanna had sprayed the detangling solution liberally over his head, letting the mixture seep through the mats and knots down to his scalp.  She separated a section of hair at the nape of Sherlock’s head, and taking up a broad-toothed comb, made her way meticulously through the tangles.
one!”
John still made it home most nights/mornings and called or texted her on those rare times when he couldn’t.  He and Mary had date nights that not even Sherlock dared interrupt.  More often than not, however, dinnertime found the three of them huddled over Thai, Indian, or Chinese take-away at 221B or the flat in Chelsea reviewing evidence.  Mary’s baleful stare was surprisingly effective at coaxing dumplings,
“No,” Mycroft said all together too casually. “It’s best that she fill in the particulars, I think.”
“Because I was a complete arse! So were you – don’t think I’ve forgotten about that – but I should have taken the time to explain it to you, even though there was nothing for it.  Instead, I let my temper and the stress of the day get to me, and I scuttled off in a sulk and left you worrying for five bloody days.”
Sherlock’s frustration at the suspect’s escape combined with his irritation at having to take her to A&E rather than pursue the man further had led to an epic encounter with the nurses who insisted that because he wasn’t family, he couldn’t sit with Joanna during her treatment. The resulting flurry of deductions – Joanna
utterly.  Even when you’re being a clueless arse of a prick.”
He glared at her.
The egg rolls that Greg brought didn’t stay down.
Given the frustration Sherlock had exhibited since leaving the tramway tunnel, John was not prepared for the gentle manner in which he unbuttoned first the long row of buttons down the center of John’s chest and then the ones at the cuffs, carefully avoiding the abrasions that marred John’s wrists from the rough ropes that had been used to bind him.
“Why do you apologize?”
The first thing John noticed when he came back to himself was that the flames had diminished to glowing coals in the fireplace.  He still sat on the floor, but he was no longer alone.  Sherlock sat behind him; his long arms held John closely, and his even longer legs were wrapped along side of John’s, creating a cocoon of safety that had drawn John out of his horror.
“Then there was the matter of your gait.  Stiff.  Sore.  Almost pained.  I noted it particularly when you climbed into the cab after Greg threw you two off the scene.  Not to be overly vulgar, but it was as if you would have done anything to avoid sitting down.”
He had long since concluded that John was an invaluable part of his life.  Over the last several months, John had more than proven his worth as the “trusted companion” Sherlock had described that night at the Chinese restaurant.
And Mary fell in love … again.
smells like, too.”
The silence at the table was profound in spite of the fact that two-thirds of the Glenfiddich was gone.  The stiffness in both John and Sherlock’s postures had lessened somewhat – at least they no longer looked like they had a maypole shoved up their arses – but for all that they spoke, she might as well have been sitting alone.
Sherlock’s thumb stilled on her cheek, and his eyes widened slightly from what he deduced in her expression.  In that moment Joanna could read his thoughts clearly as doubt, confusion, guilt, bewilderment, and fondness flashed across his face. His eyes searched hers for a long moment, and when he found whatever it was he was looking for, he smiled.
“Oh, I think it’s safe to say Mycroft knew before
Sherlock stood at the edge of the roof and gazed out upon the city he hadn’t seen in over two years.  All of London was laid out below and beyond him. He closed his eyes and let the sounds and the smells of the ancient hamlet suffuse his senses.
“The heart’s been circled,” Joanna clarified. The squirrel on the left executed a descent approximation of a roundhouse kick, but the one on the right ducked lower on the tree trunk just in time to avoid it.
“Sherlock, I’m only going to say this once.  Sit your bloody arse down in that chair
“Umm … everything alright, ladies?” Greg asked, sarcasm dripping from his voice.  He knew better than to get in the middle of two women fighting without a complete tactical team for backup, but this was his crime scene, after all.
She grasped his wrist hoping that her squeeze would say all that she wanted to convey:  Thank you for coming after us; for saving me from that bed-sit; for being my friend; for being you.
“Sherlock!”  Mycroft’s exasperation at his brother’s lack of focus was clear.
Had a lovely spot of tea and some biscuits.
strongest attribute,” Sherlock admitted.  He drummed his fingers against the hard wood of the chair’s armrest.  He frequently tapped out concertos and violin solos when he was thinking.  John had explained to her early on how he could get a sense of Sherlock’s thoughts based on the metre of the fingerings.  Mary recognised a compound triple metre of 9/8
“Respected doctor?  Invited?  The woman’s clearly lost it, Lestrade.   Spending so much time with
“Ultrasound,” Joanna said, turning her attention to a nearby tree where a couple of squirrels were squabbling over a nut.
“Advice.”
John!
“Why?”
With a fresh swab, Sherlock turned his attention to the cut beneath her right eye.  “This will probably blacken,” he said more to himself than to her.
He came by the flat today, Greg in tow. Used the good DI as a buffer between us. Rather funny that as it’s clear Greg loathes Mycroft, too, right now.  I’m not naïve enough to think Mycroft’s actually afraid of me, but he’s certainly wary. Maybe the Browning on the side table next to my hand – I no longer see a need to keep it hidden, Greg’s always known I’ve had it, and he’s not going to take it from me – had something to do with the trepidation I saw in Mycroft’s eyes when I could stomach looking at him for long enough.
say?”
Yes, I’m an idiot for not having grasped that until now.
John said little once the incident was over, choosing to instead soothe both Mary and Sherlock with cups of whiskey-fortified tea and polite conversation.  However, once Sherlock was sacked out on the lilo in the study, and Mary was curled up in their bed reading, John excused himself for a walk though it was late.  “Just a quick stroll to clear my head, love,” he told her with a kiss to her temple, and he left.
hours, and if I can’t make decent progress, I’ll give you back the clippers and you can do what you will.”
?” scoffed Siger, lovingly.  “Ole Alfie Pope, dear? If memory serves, you left him with
“I’d run out of reasons, Greg. It’s almost a bloody cliché, yeah? Suicidal ex-army doctor finds her salvation in the 11
Joanna looked at him over her shoulder; eyes reddened with unshed tears.  “No, Sherlock. It was the only positive and loving memory of my childhood.”
Lestrade didn’t hide his huff of relief. Privately,
Mrs Hudson has asked me to go with her to your grave today.  One month, after all. I told her I would.
Shortly before Moriarty’s trial, Sherlock had insisted Joanna trade in the mobile that Harry had given her when she returned to London for a newer model.  Its reception was unreliable at best, and given the unpredictability of the defendant, Sherlock needed to know that he could always get in touch with Joanna, no matter where or when.  And he had been.
So when the countless shared stories eventually made their way around to childhood histories, Joanna had confided in him just a bit of what it had been like growing up in Devonshire with her alcoholic father and brother after her granda died.  She gave him only a glimpse of Hell, but Greg hadn’t earned his rank and position with just a wink and a smile – best of a bad lot, indeed – he was more than competent at putting the clues together and in reading between the lines. He had been sympathetic and supportive enough – Hell, Joanna, call it what it is – Lestrade had been down right incensed on her behalf over what had happened decades ago, so she was pretty certain that the DI would storm over to Baker Street to read Sherlock the riot act if he knew what had happened just the other night.  That wouldn’t solve anything.  This was between Joanna and Sherlock, and it needed to stay that way.  They had to solve this themselves if they stood any chance of remaining flatmates let alone friends.
“Yes?”
“A beginning, I should think,” Sherlock said in all seriousness before standing and walking to his bedroom. Moments later, Joanna heard the door shut behind him, and she couldn’t stop the bewildered laugh that escaped her lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Most people run the other way when they meet the Devil, John,” Sherlock said, rising from the chair.
. Traditional.  Societal norms!  It’s … it’s
“Our row.  That’s what you’re on about, isn’t it?  It happened
I hate that I can do that.
The scotch is smooth, but it just makes things worse.  I think I understand why you turned to cocaine.  Stimulant versus depressant.  Makes sense.
That would explain the blood that she had vomited. Contrary to popular myth, ulcers were rarely caused stress.  Exacerbated by it, yes, but the excessive use of anti-inflammatory drugs or – in her case – a bacterial infection was typically the culprit.  The stress of combat medicine in the field followed by nearly dying from a sniper’s bullet had kept her ulcer relatively active for years, but careful monitoring and antacids had kept things calm.  Then she met Sherlock, and what the average person would classify as a high stress-inducing lifestyle destined on eating a hole through her gut was actually the best medicine she could ever have asked for.   Her symptoms faded with time, and Joanna had largely forgotten that she had ever been plagued with the malady.
“Trust issues.”
If so, I’m sorry.
Dogs found the cocaine you had hidden away under the coils in the fridge – you bastard!  We’ve talked about that.
It was exhilarating.
“Jo!” Greg’s voice was distant in her ear like a whisper through a tin tube.  “What is it? What’s wrong!”
“You didn’t answer my question, Sherlock.”
Sherlock opened the file and flipped through the report, keen eyes skimming the decidedly vague details within. He was about to close the folder and toss it to Mycroft’s desk when two photos slid from the back of the file – surveillance stills.  Sherlock’s heart stuttered a bit in his chest as he pulled the pictures to the front of the file and looked upon a face he once knew as well as his own.
shaving your head.”
I’ll never have that again.
touch me like that again,” she breathed in Donovan’s ear. “If you do, you’ll find yourself in A&E faster than you can sodding blink, and
be Ella.  I promise that we’ll find you someone who knows how to treat your specific needs. Someone who knows what the hell they’re doing.   You have to know, though, that the bleeding ulcer is really a secondary concern. There’s something else going on.  Now the doctors are confident about your recovery, in
“Mary, it is understandable that …” John grabbed Sherlock’s arm and shook his head in warning.
Sherlock’s wanderings had taken him to all corners of the city central that night.  First, he had checked in on various members of his homeless network. They’d been keeping an ear to the ground ever since the pool for anything having to do with Moriarty. Sherlock and Mycroft were certain it was only a matter of time before the consulting criminal popped out of his hiding place to wreak more havoc upon London, so any information could prove to be critical to the plans the brothers had in the making.
Blue eyes battled with gray for several long moments until finally John saw it.  Acceptance.
“Doctor Watson is a piranha, and one whose teeth I do not care to have turned on me.”  He smiled appreciatively at the pictures before gathering them up and handing the files back to Anthea.  “This business is between my brother and the good doctor.  Far be it from me to deprive Sherlock of what is sure to be an illuminating and, dare I say, life-altering experience.”
Sherlock eased John’s arms out of the sleeves and tossed the hideous shirt to the floor –
“Thank you, Greg.  Our dear Sherlock has had few true friends in his life, but I believe he counts you among them,” she said kindly, “though he would never admit it to anyone, the daft boy.”
The git.
This story has not been beta-ed or Brit-picked, so all errors are my own, and I apologize for them.
Joanna set down the large paper bag she carried, and pulled her mobile from the pocket of her good coat.  Sherlock noted that she wore a new dress – a rarity – that suited her and enhanced the dark blue of her eyes.  Her hair hung in long, loose curls over her shoulders and down her back. She tucked an errant lock behind her right ear, and thumbed open the phone.
~ Dante Alighieri
Reports received from his irregulars and payment exchanged for services rendered, Sherlock had then popped off to The Serpentine and thence to St. James’ Park to evaluate the progress on a few outdoor experiments he had running.  Around midnight, he found himself at Charing Cross, so a trip to 55 Whitehall seemed only reasonable.
Joanna declined.  “Bit not good, then.”
Sherlock turned over John’s left hand and carefully unbuckled the band of his wristwatch, setting it at the base of the lamp.  “It’s not like I walked up to the Black Lotus and said, ‘Here I am!  Please pistol whip me into unconsciousness and kidnap me and my date.’”
I’m tired, Sherlock.
Greg did so, tossing their cups in a bin as they passed.  “What are you doing?” he asked when they reached the pavement.
“Fine.”
Sherlock watched until John shut the bedroom door behind him before crossing to the sofa where he had tossed his coat upon their return to Baker Street. He tugged the coat over his dressing gown, stoked the fire as promised, and flicked off the lights, plunging the flat into darkness. Reaching into the deep pocket of his Belstaff, Sherlock pulled out John’s Browning L9A1. As he checked the clip and the safety, the glow from the fire danced across the steel of the weapon turning it, too, to red flame. Sherlock eased himself back into his chair and set the weapon on the wide armrest at his right hand.
“How long?” she asked.
“Tonight?”  John pulled back, surprised.  “So quickly?”
what.”
Comments are always so very welcome.  If you like this tale, or would like to offer constructive criticism, feel free to leave me an early Christmas present.  I promise that I was good this year.  :)
a strained right shoulder
In any event, Greg would ensure that Jo didn’t feel any undue pressure from Sherlock’s parents.  Mycroft’s machinations would turn out to either be brilliant or the worst disaster any of them had ever seen.  Lestrade was definitely hoping for the former.
“I may have simply slipped on the ice outside Baker Street,” Sherlock dared.
She shook herself free of the memory and looked up at Sherlock who had fallen strangely silent during her introspection. “S-so why are you here?”
They both knew she was talking about her temper.
“Well, Harry’s to start, I should think,” he paused in his lap around the floor and sat down on the edge of the coffee table as he reconsidered.  “Though given that she’s started up again with the drink, maybe Lestrade will accommodate you until you can find something more permanent.  His wife’s gone off with that chemist from Suffolk again.  Then again, perhaps you should go out of the country altogether for a while.  I hear Costa Rica is quite lovely.”
“And don’t do that.”
you.  The two of you, together.  Do you really think so poorly of me that you’d believe I’d demand he choose between us?”
“She always has,” Lestrade agreed before poking his nose through the open door to Joanna’s room.  The privacy drape had been pulled across the entrance, and he heard low voices speaking within.  “Whose with her now?”
Sherlock fidgeted with the bag in his hand, embarrassed and uncertain as he always was when forced to face that with which his genius provided no succour, and he was pretty sure that this
Mary’s heart skipped once before resuming in her chest with a beat noticeably faster than before as she watched John grip Sherlock’s shoulder with pride.  She had known, of course.  She would have been foolish not to have done. John’s stories of his friend had been told with such devotion, affection, and passion that it would have taken an idiot not to recognize the truth of the situation.
, Sherlock,” John snapped.  “I just never thought I’d ever hear it brought up as a potential solution to a romantic crisis in
“Unnecessary.  The floor will be fine.”  Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown around his body, folded his long limbs under him, and sat down on the floor with his back against the side of the bed nearest her head.  He opened the book he had brought with him and cocked his head back to look at her over the mattress.
Sherlock nodded absently at the comment; his brain already moving onto another line of deductions about the man who sat across from him.  “Quite the shot you made earlier.  Given that the Geneva Conventions permit medical personnel in combat situations to use their weapons only in situations of self-defense, it is unlikely that the RAMC puts a great deal of resources into training their doctors to become crack shots, yet, as evidenced tonight, you most certainly are.  Which means that you had experience with shooting a gun before you entered military service.  Father would be the most obvious teacher –“
Clearly not enough.
“Yep,” Jo popped the ‘p’ in tribute to the dead as well as for emphasis.  “I’m moving to Sussex.”
Finally:  As you read this chapter, please remember to follow the dates at the top of each section.  This is NOT a linear tale.
“It helps me think,” the detective said by way of explanation.
Sherlock Holmes.
– goldfish, but a goldfish nonetheless.  My brother is such a creature.”
Once Joanna could think about Sherlock Holmes without wanting smother the tosser with that bloody scarf he wore all the damn time, then she could go home.
“doctor” nor
He did as she asked.
I could trust like that again.”
“They’ll take me to Bart’s.  I – I
Lestrade rubbed his face and was surprised at moisture he found in the corners of his own eyes; he missed Sherlock more than he ever thought possible.  Somewhere through countless cases, endless take away meals, and unending hours spent slogging through old files, Greg had grown to love the genius who had aggravated the DI as much as he had amazed him.  Greg knew that he would never see the like of Sherlock Holmes again, and he dwelled in his own private hell when he considered his own contributions to the man’s untimely death.
“Feeling a bit entitled over here, ta very much.” Jo fiddled with the edge of the blanket that covered her lap.  “Not surprised, mind you.  I’ve seen that bastard try to manage and commandeer his brother’s life more times than I can count, but if he thinks he’s going to do that with Sherlock’s child, he has another think coming.”  She sighed, trying to push back the exhaustion and depression that ever lurked in the shadows of her mind.   “I don’t know if I’m angrier with Mycroft because he tried to manipulate me or because he thought I wouldn’t
As always kudos, and especially comments, feed this writer's soul and typically makes me write a bit more quickly (especially now that the school year is over).
“You haven’t been in touch at all? To prepare her?” Mycroft knew the answer to the question, but it needed to be asked nonetheless.  Appearances had to be maintained.
“’Fool for a patient’,” they said at the same time.
Though her voice sounded watery, her eyes were as dry as they had been the day of Sherlock’s funeral.  In fact, Greg would wager the bulk of his pension that she’d yet to cry at all, and that worried him more than he cared to think about. Tears weren’t required by any means, but they were sure as hell cathartic. Lestrade rubbed the side of Jo’s hand with his thumb in what he hoped was a soothing manner.
“There wasn’t time to – “
“I was angry with myself and frustrated with the situation that I led you into.  I allowed you to be hurt.  I … I wasn’t prepared for my reaction to your abduction.  It was primal, visceral, and very confusing.  My mind shut down, and I couldn’t think of anything except you, the threats to your life scrawled on the windows, whether or not I could reach you in time.”
“Listen, Sherlock … in the interest of ‘full disclosure’ between flatmates, you should know that I have … well, I have a hard time sleeping at night.”
I can’t see the purpose in any of this.
It had been over three years since Sherlock last stood on this rooftop, and when he had, it had been the need for reflection and solitude that sent him there.
“Why do you have that look on your face?” he asked.
“They weren’t
A delicate yet pointed cough sounded behind him.
Called Sarah and quit the surgery. I can’t take care of myself right now let alone patients.
Her tilted head and raised eyebrow said, ‘
She poured herself another measure of scotch and tipped some into John’s glass as well.  Sherlock stood, took up the bottle, and emptied the vestiges into a glass for himself.  The three of them had finished off an entire bottle 21 year old Glenfiddich in just under two hours, but though her limbs were languid, Mary didn’t feel the least bit drunk; she doubted that John or Sherlock felt the effects either.  Typical.  One of the few times she
As the ice melted on her tongue, and her brain came back online, Joanna ran through a mental roadmap of her body, assessing her condition.  There was a slight pulling at her forehead.  Stitches. At least eight or nine to judge by the size of the bandage adhered to her skin.  Resultant headache indicated at concussion. Good crack to the head, then. Fuzzy.  Painkillers.  Headache could be worse.  Lovely. Similar tugging in her right upper abdominal area.  Also bandaged. Smaller.  Only three to four sutures.  Laparoscopy incision?  Emergency abdominal surgery.  Great. No intravenous lines in her arms or hands but a sharp pinch at her neck.  Oh, bollocks!  Central line. She scrutinized her arms again. Plump veins now, good hydration, but clearly that had not initially been the case.
Sherlock Holmes.”
“Of course you are, John,” Sherlock’s brow furrowed in puzzlement.  “I thought we were agreed.”
“Before what?”
“People may talk,” Sherlock warned, his voice tinged with amusement.
“Umm … how’d you get so good at this?”
Remember to hit that "Kudos" button if you haven't already.  And I really can't tell you how much every single comment means to me.  They really do make my day.  Constructive criticism is always appreciated, but love from my readers puts me over the moon!
“What do you think of this shirt?” Sherlock asked. He tucked the bespoke item into his trousers, inspecting his reflection in the mirror of Mycroft’s office – bunker – deep beneath the hallowed and silent rooms of the Diogenes Club.
It was intimate.
Lestrade chuckled, but his mirth faded as he considered the drawn curtain in the room across the hall. “None of that settles the issue, though, does it?  She’s as self-sufficient as they come.  Damn stubborn, to boot.  She won’t appreciate anyone, especially you, making decision like that for her.”
I used some of your money to send Mrs Hudson on a cruise with her sister.  She’s been so worried about me, and I wanted to let her know how much I’ve appreciated her concern.  Left earlier this week, and she’ll be gone for a month.
Sherlock’s voice echoed in his mind– was impossibly tall and slender with a shock of white hair and an air of bewilderment about him; he walked briskly to keep up with her.
When Mary joined them at their third crime scene, she had received her first real glimpse into that world inhabited solely by Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.  Kept behind the blue tape though she was, Mary could clearly see the ease with which they worked together.  She couldn’t hear either man’s questions or responses, but it was likely that those closer to the pair – Lestrade, Anderson, and others of the Met – didn’t either.  John and Sherlock worked instinctively.  Words were superfluous.
My thanks to Ariane DeVere for her fabulous Sherlock transcripts.  Writing would be much harder without them.
Mary Morstan chuckled at the scepticism in his voice.  Downing the rest of her scotch in one swig, she pressed an affectionate kiss to the tip of the old man’s nose before grabbing the bottle and the remaining glasses.  “A thousand times over, love,” she called over her shoulder.  “A thousand times over.”
“That’s good.  Yeah.  Good.” Joanna nodded. It had been a horrible case. She rubbed at the bandage on her forearm that covered the knife wound that she had received from O’Hearn after Sherlock and she had cornered him in an alleyway.  She had been cut as she wrestled the knife away from the man, but as they grappled with the maniac and tried to force him to the ground, they failed to notice a pile of rebar amidst the construction debris in the alley. When Jo managed to hook her leg around O’Hearn’s ankle and yank his feet out from under him, the PBR Killer fell backwards onto the rebar, which lanced through his heart and out the front of his chest.  It had been awful, but Joanna couldn’t bring herself to feel any remorse for the man.  She had long since accepted that fate and justice walked hand in hand more often than most people cared to think about.
slow.
“Who are they?”
Lestrade looked at the photo again and then back at Joanna, eyebrows climbing into his hairline.  “There are
Joanna would report her finding to Sherlock in a brisk yet professional manner, but she didn’t linger to chat with him, Lestrade, or the other members of the Yard.  She feared that if she did, sooner or later Sherlock would say something that would enflame her still simmering anger, and then where would they be? Until they could talk things through, really dedicate time to the conversation, it was best that she avoid additional contact with Sherlock whenever possible.
His brain, his “massive intellect,” had failed him in that moment and his emotions took control. John was gone.  John was in danger.  Not the girl.  Not at first.  Only John.  Why?  Finally, the adrenaline of panic that rushed through his body – a biochemical, “Move your bloody arse!” as it were – kick-started his mind and snapped him back to action.
Joanna squeezed his hand, and did not let go.
Ta very much!
Sherlock advanced on his brother, his voice tense. “You
Joanna supposed she deserved that, but felt her anger begin to flare, nonetheless.  Her phone pinged again.
plan’s worked before.
“And ruin my English Rose complexion?” Joanna chuckled.
“I can’t be seen wandering around with an old woman.” The voice in his mind grew irate.
“I said
John Watson’s head snapped back as the sound of a passing lorry with bad breaks rattling down Baker Street pulled him back to reality.  For a moment he couldn’t figure out why he was huddled on the floor in front of the blazing fireplace wrapped in so many blankets that if he left them now he might sprout wings and flutter about the flat, but then he remembered.
“Missed seeing you ‘round this week” Lestrade said. Though Greg had spent nearly every free minute he had visiting Joanna, keeping her entertained and focused on healing, Mycroft had been largely absent.
“I don’t understand.”
face,” Sherlock said with a touch of indignation. “Of course it had a look.”
My stomach hurts all the time. Nothing stays down anymore. Tea.  Broth sometimes.  If it’s liquid, I can handle it for a little bit before most of it comes back up. I’m thankful for the nutrition drinks and shakes that I have delivered from Tesco.  I take my tea with sugar now.  It’s absolutely vile!  I need the calories, though.
With a pair of tweezers, Joanna pulled out a small amber vial – not much bigger than the tip of her index finger – from behind the remains of the woman’s left kidney.  An identical vial had been found inside each of the previous victims, and within the vial, a data chip containing a digital file in which the killer maligned his victim through the use of biblical and literary texts. Anderson had missed the clues in the first three victims, and his ham-handed approach on the fourth had nearly corrupted the data file, so Sherlock had insisted that he and Joanna be the only ones to search for the digital “Easter eggs” secreted away in the victims.
you sod.
Though he pulled the edge of the coverlet over his body to keep himself warm throughout the cold night, it was the strains of Sherlock’s violin that settled over his mind, urging John to sleep.  As he drifted, John remembered something that a girlfriend from his Uni days had said to him as he walked her back home after a classical music performance she had talked him into attending.  She was a cellist, a damn adorable one at that, and John had been young enough to follow wherever she asked him to go.
Sherlock …
I should be stronger.  I used to be made of sturdier stuff, but I’ve come to understand that the soldier in me – the one you relied upon so much – died in Afghanistan. She never made it back to England. What returned to London was a hollow wraith of a thing.  The bravery and fearlessness of that woman died when the enemy put a bullet in her shoulder.
“Killing when it’s called for.”
“Just sit
I just realised something, Sherlock. Your violin … you played it to keep my nightmares at bay, didn’t you?
“You’re much, much more than a sidekick, John,” Sherlock said sincerely.  “Don’t demean yourself by ever thinking otherwise.  I … value you, your skills, and our friendship more than I can say.”
John stared at the dying embers of the fire and collected his thoughts; when he spoke again it was with the detached, clinical voice of a physician.  “That the mind reacts to psychological trauma in ways we don’t fully understand, and a panic attack is a perfectly normal reaction to the danger and stress I experienced tonight, especially considering my established history with PTSD.”
are.”
“She looks … ancient.” Sherlock’s conscience – which had long since taken on the soft contralto of Joanna’s voice – chastised his choice of words, but he persisted lest his brother suss out the truth of his feelings. Mycroft’s actions in Serbia had proven to Sherlock that in Mycroft’s world, caring was
The text on the screen shone for a moment before fading again to black.
“S-Sherlock’s suic – ” she couldn’t say it. “Sherlock’s … fall is more than enough to induce the stress necessary for this kind of bleed,” Joanna said, slipping into doctor mode.  Clinical. Stay clinical. “But that kind of damage doesn’t just happen over night, and my ulcer was largely healed.  It takes weeks for the stomach lining to weaken to such a point, yet I’ve been ill for much longer than that.”
“Not exactly traditional
have accepted treatment at the scene.  ‘A physician who treats himself has a …”
,” he spat.
“That doesn’t mean that I have any desire to engage in intercourse with you.”
“Partly, but I was more angry with myself. Anyway, I never should have gotten physical with her even though she had done with me.  Donovan can take care of herself under typical circumstances, the Met’s trained her well enough, but my training isn’t just about defending myself, it’s about – “
Holmes.  You keep everything hidden all of the time.  Keep at a distance so many people who care about you, but even
Stress and grief are a powerful emetic, it seems.
straight
Next up, "A Scandal in Belgravia!"  I'm thinking there might be a chapter or two I can play with for this episode.  There's just so much Sherlockian goodness.
your funeral.  Hadn’t been out of bed since then, either, truth told. Somehow the bastard knew that, so now I’m quite the girl about town.
Sherlock spun on his knees to face her. Eyes still closed, he slid his body between her legs, and though he loosened his grip on Joanna’s wrist, he did not let her go.  Rather, he slid his fingers beneath the cuffs of her jumper to caress the tender skin on the inside of her wrists. He lingered only a moment before his hands travelled up her arms over the soft cashmere.
“And me?”  She sounded hesitant.  The fingers of her right hand clenched rhythmically on the seat of the cab.
“Oh!  I have something for you.”  Sherlock popped back into the sitting room where Joanna could hear him rustling about in the pockets of his Belstaff.  He then made a quick detour through the kitchen door off the landing to his room where the rustling continued.  When Sherlock returned, he sat down at the end of the table next to Joanna rather than across from her. He set a blue silk pouch next to her plate. “Please, open it,” he said at her hesitant look.
John bit back a sigh.  Sherlock wasn’t one to revisit old issues unless they were germane to the present situation, but damned if that meant John always managed to follow his line of thinking.    He turned a bit in Sherlock’s arms to look back at his friend.  “Go on,” he prodded.
care!”
underestimated the therapeutic value of shooting the wall, Sherlock? I apologize for having
to understand.”
John didn’t fail to pick up on the fact that Sherlock hadn’t included “friend” into his laundry list of labels.
, is it?”  Sherlock detected elements of Brazilian jujitsu, kickboxing, and even street fighting in Joanna Watson’s moves.
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said with a small smile.  “And I love you, too, you stupid git.”
Dwarfed by the Belstaff though she was, Joanna slid her free hand beneath the wool of the coat and rested it against the knit of her jumper and the belly that not was just starting to swell with child. She turned her face to the flickers of sunlight that shone between the leaves and branches of the tree and sighed.  “What am I going to do, Greg?”
As he dabbed on antibiotic ointment and then affixed the butterfly plasters, Joanna realised that Sherlock was better at this than she would have guessed.  The warmth of his fingers through the thin barrier of the nitrile gloves was oddly soothing. Usually Jo was the one doing the honours after the pair of them went haring off after this suspect or that, but her own hands were still too unsteady to be of much use tonight. His, however, were gentle yet sure, their confidence born from his intense observations each time she tended his wounds.
“Running’s not exactly your style, anyway. You’re more the ‘take the idiot by the tie and waistcoat’ kinda girl.”
There’s always a purpose, he says.
“What did you say to him?” Greg asked, nodding to the series of CCTV camera that followed them as he pushed the chair back down Euston toward UCH.
“Night terrors, then,” Sherlock amended.  “Though somewhat common in children, a rather atypical form of parasomnia in adults consisting of episodes of intense fear symptomized by screaming, thrashing, inability to waken easily, sleepwalking, and potentially violent behavior.”  Though the words were clinical, Sherlock’s tone was not.  He had suffered from sleep terrors as a child, and though he had outgrown them by the time he turned 12, Sherlock had hazy memories of the fear – not the dreams themselves – but the abject horror that had flooded his mind when he at last came to himself again.   He could only imagine what John suffered both in the dreams and in the events that now caused his dreams.
She stared at the remains of the countless types of hardwood Sherlock had used for testing, far more than had originally been on the table when she had left for work.  Each plank of wood had been labelled in chalk before shavings had been painstakingly carved from along the grain:  Hickory, White Oak, Beech, Green Ash, Black Walnut, Cherry, Hackberry, and more, but the one that drew her attention, the piece that caused her stomach to turn and her heart to ache, required no label.
“It has been widely proven that of all the senses, the sense of smell is the one most directly tied to memory,” Sherlock explained. “You were correct when you said I had ruined the one positive reminiscence of your childhood. Unintentional, though it was, I will never be able to fully atone for that, but I hope that this will allow you at least some chance at repairing the damage I have done.”
seen Mycroft look contrite.   Didn’t think he had the facial muscles for it, actually. As hacked off as you were with the bastard, I think it’s nothing compared to how Violet and Siger felt when they realized he had used them to force your hand.”
“I purposefully didn’t choose the other two.” Sherlock gestured wildly in the direction of her room upstairs.  “The carvings on them are exquisite whereas this one –“
Joanna took a thoughtful sip from her wine glass. “Something like that, yeah. Most people – Lestrade, Donovan, Mike, and the like – don’t see past the short doctor in the cuddly jumpers with the warm smile.  They forget about the soldier, which means they don’t see the other side of me. I’m okay with that, but the killer I became out of necessity in Afghanistan is still with me, Sherlock. She’s in here,” Joanna tapped her chest with her index finger, “ready to kill again if it’s necessary to keep you safe; a bit of her popped out the other night, though, and that wasn’t okay.”
work to do.”
He didn’t even try to stop her.
Sherlock’s quick nod was John’s assurance only that the other man had heard him, not that he would comply.
Constable Simons opened the door for him, but Sherlock shook him off, instead grabbing hold of the handle of the rear door and folding his tall frame into the backseat beside Joanna.
“Greg …?”  There was something she wanted to say.  What was it?
“And what is that, sir?”
The fourth belonged to the … wait. What did she call him? Oh.  The Bastard.  She would not call him unless there was
“Sherlock’s comin’ out, Simons,” Lestrade said into the walkie.  “Make sure you get him and Watson to the IT guys.”
“Do I
“I rather think they’re
“I thought it wasn’t at all bad for your first go, but some mouthwash might help with the aftertaste.”
Joanna Watson was a highly tactile person. She thrived on touch as he did on data. A bit surprising considering the abuse of her childhood, but as she was a doctor, so it stood to reason that such physicality was an intrinsic response.  Pre-programmed to nurture, so to speak, but Sherlock couldn’t truly classify her touch as purely clinical. His parents had been physically affectionate when he was a child; Mycroft and he never suffered from a lack of hugs and kisses – much to their dismay – but since Uni, when things became increasingly awkward for him where other people were concerned, Sherlock had often gone out of his way to avoid physical contact whenever possible.
Above stairs, John had just enough energy to drop his coat to the floor, toe off his shoes, and shrug out of his jumper before collapsing on top of the green-striped duvet that Mrs. Hudson had provided as part of his rent.
“Your life is full of trials, isn’t it?” Lestrade lamented, stretching his legs out in front of him.  He sipped his coffee.
But Joanna couldn’t breathe anymore. It was too thin. Thready.  Her shaking legs finally gave way beneath her.  She felt the side of her head connect with the edge of the table as she fell.
He was about to join his parents when the mobile in his breast pocket buzzed a text alert.  Pulling it out, Mycroft read the message, glanced at the foursome deep in conversation in the hospital room, and stepped away from the door.
.   London was light and shadow, nobility and deceit, honour and malice, outwardly benign yet furtively malignant.    It was great cesspool into which all kinds of criminals, agents, and drifters were irresistibly drained, and though Sherlock loved every fickle kilometre of it, he wasn’t in tune with London anymore. Nevertheless, Mycroft wanted him to save it – again.  As if that wasn’t what he had spent the last two and a half years doing.  Sherlock had told his brother that he needed to get to know London again, breathe it in – feel every quiver of its beating heart, let it permeate his mind and body until he knew it as intimately as he knew himself.
riding off with the suspect and nearly getting yourself killed.”
John burst out laughing, and immediately grimaced in pain.  “Right.  Paracetamol.  See you in two hours, Sherlock.”
do it.”
Sherlock huffed in frustration. “
easy with you, is it?”
Moments later, Sherlock’s brisk stride echoed in the hallway.  “Here.  Take off your shirt and press this to your shoulder,” Sherlock handed John one of the icepacks they kept in the fridge.
Once the bandage was secure, Sherlock pressed his hand to the crook of John’s neck to indicate that task was complete, then shook out one of the towels and draped it over the small lamp on the table before switching it on.
he said with a smile.  Sherlock recognized that smile as his fake smile.  The one he used when he was lying or manipulating those around him.  His ‘consulting detective’ smile.  The one he knew Joanna hated.  Oh dear.  This was more than a bit not good.
Greg turned to look down at Mrs Holmes, and found that he was staring into Sherlock’s eyes.  More than once had that cool gaze assessed him, and it was just as unsettling now as it had ever been in the past.  After a moment, Violet smiled, took his hand and pressed it between hers.
“What's the best way to put this?  Well,  You see, you have … Hyp … Hippo ...”  Greg rubbed his face.  “The doctors keep telling me, but I can never get it right. How do you pronounce it, Mycroft?”
“We usually share a meal at the conclusion of a case.” He tried to sound as nonchalant as possible.  “There’s a small
“Well, I do try not to be tiresome.”
Mycroft’s eyes widened imperceptibly. He knew this question would come up sooner or later, but he had truly hoped that it would be later …
“It wasn’t exactly deliberate,” Joanna said, defensively.
“No, I just mean that – “
“Moriarty’s insane.  He’s well and truly ‘round the twist, but there’s more to it than that.  He is fixated on you.  To him, I’m a pet.  A novelty.  A plaything designed to make
request – observed.  Sherlock’s expression was as inscrutable as always, but she caught something in his eyes that was a bit troublesome.  He was uneasy.  Well, that was new.
“An 1866 monograph on apiary culture by Alfred Neighbor.”
I hate your brother.
“It’s beautiful,” Mary said.
“So what’s the mistake?” Greg asked.
lad o ‘the other hand.  Stable sort, he seems.  Reliable.”
Greg considered her question. “Well, the way I see it, you have four options.  Option One: You return to Baker Street and try to manage on your own.  Mrs Hudson would run herself into the ground helping you, which wouldn’t be good for
“You do realize that all this is
“Oh, I’m angry alright,” Mary snapped, her eyes hard as she rose and leaned back against the table, “but not for the reason the two of you think.”
basic idea of what she was saying.
“Worth the cost o’ two bottles o’ the 21?”
“It’s not the girls’ night out that I was looking for, but I’ll certainly never forget it,” Joanna said, trying to keep her tone light.  She really didn’t want to dwell on how close she and Sarah had come to dying.  Concussed and tied to a chair, Captain Joanna Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers had never felt so helpless in her life as she did when General Shan had turned the crossbow on her friend.
Sherlock felt … something rise up in his chest. He wasn’t certain what it was, but he knew that he didn’t want her to leave.  Knew that he needed to fix this somehow. “It was an
“We did not intend to –“
It rang through to voice mail.
“Joanna?”
“Sherlock Holmes, you are the best and wisest man I have ever known, but you drive me ‘round the twist on a daily basis.   I’m captivated by your genius and disgusted with what you keep in the fridge.  I want to slap you as often as I want to hug you.  You say things that make me feel like a bloody idiot one minute and manage to follow it up with something that makes me feel incandescent the next. People ask me why I continue to share a flat with you, and I can’t give them an answer because there are no words to describe what it brings to my life.  I wouldn’t change a single bloody thing about you, but am so proud when you take small steps to become better than you are.  I love you, you git.  You’re my dearest friend, and when it comes down to it, there’s no one else I
And with that, Sherlock took up the basin and the medical bag and disappeared down the hall.
“Yes, it has,” John conceded as he pushed himself up off of the floor and into Sherlock’s over-sized chair.  Ahh, yes.  Cold leather.  Just bloody perfect.  He pulled the blankets – most of them of the orange shock variety – more closely around his shoulders and tucked his feet under his body.
“Nightmares,” Sherlock stated.  John’s brow wrinkled with irritation and Sherlock raised his hands in defense of his tacit promise, such as it was.  “No.  It wasn’t a deduction – well at least not a new one – but we’ve already established that you suffer from – “
Sherlock’s hand shot out from his side in warning. “It’s invaluable!” He seemed to be considering whether or not he would be able to reach her and stay her hand before it fell. “Don’t.”  Angry blue eyes met cautious grey across the distance. Neither moved. Neither breathed. “Please …”
“They are at that,” Mary agreed.  She had needed to clear her throat of memories and emotion before responding.
this, Sherlock.  I don’t chase around half of London with you every bloody night just because I need a cheap flatshare, and it’s time you understood that.  I committed myself to The Work – I committed myself to
.  Go. With.  You.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock grunted what sounded like assent, but stayed focused on his task.
You’re safe, John.  We’re safe.  You’re home.
“Not quite the run of the mill panic attack, I think.”
For a moment, Sherlock looked as though he was trying to enjoy this interplay, but the effect was ruined by the shadows of – could it be?! –
“Sod off, you tosser!” Sherlock growled.
And so Joanna was left delving through the innards of a 42-year-old shop owner with chronic eczema who had been disembowelled with steak knife and a garden trowel searching for –  Ah!  There it was.
other recourse.
Sherlock stood silently in the centre of the sitting room, lost in the haze of his own emotions, as Joanna walked down the stairs, her limp more pronounced than before.  He heard the sound of her boots scuff on the steps outside 221 after she shut and locked the front door behind her, and he listened still more until her footfalls faded into the night
Should probably see a doctor – other than myself – but I can’t really be arsed to care.  Maybe I’ll hook myself up to some IV fluids.  I think I still have the equipment around.
She dropped her eyes and fiddled with the hem of her pale pink jumper, suddenly embarrassed.  She knew she should probably stay silent, but the nature of the relationship she was proposing could not be founded on half-truths or evasions.  “I’d be lying if I said that I didn’t … well, to be honest –“
really narrows it all down to just one,” she said, waving the paper in the air like a clue at a crime scene before passing it to Lestrade.
For the first time in his life, Sherlock Holmes had understood the cliché, but the truth of the matter was “heart dropping to the pit of his stomach” didn’t even begin to cover the sensation.  Not. One. Bit.
“Of course.”  He nodded.  “I’ll just wait for you outside, then.”
Or I can come to you.
“Two hundred and forty three … no, four,” Sherlock corrected automatically.
“Jo?  I’m in the middle of the hearing, what –“
“No matter what he thinks, this isn’t about Mycroft Holmes. It’s about you and the baby.  I’ll tell you this much, though.  You didn’t see Mycroft after his parents took him into the hall when things went pear-shaped yesterday.  I’d popped out to get you a cuppa, yeah?  Mummy was all over him.  Takes no prisoners, that woman.  Siger didn’t say much – I don’t think he
“O’Hearn’s remains will be released to his family, if they want them,” Sherlock said.  “Though there is talk of preserving his brain for study.  Apparently some physicians at Bart’s are in the initial stages of a new study on the possible links between schizophrenia, dissociative personality disorder, and sociopathic tendencies.  I’m quite interested in –“
“One more …
For her own part, Mary had never seen John so alive.  It was as though Sherlock’s presence had reanimated her lover in a way that Mary hadn’t been aware was even needed.  Sherlock may have been resurrected, but it was John Watson who had been reborn.  Everything was brighter, his gaze sharper, his attention keener, his lovemaking both more tender and more passionate.
having Joanna Watson arrested, Sally.  End of story.  If anything, you should count yourself lucky if Jo doesn’t file a complaint against
“Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.  Right,” John sighed and took a sip of lukewarm tea and suddenly became fascinated with the tea stain on the corner of the paper placemat.  With his finger, he traced the damp circle that the bottom of the cup had left behind.  “I think I’d prefer if it were just nightmares, actually.”
He coughed.  “Yes, well.  Don’t expect me to make a habit of it.  A bit rubbish at all this ‘talking about feelings’ business.  No wonder you hated therapy as much as you did.  It’s left a rather peculiar tang in my mouth, actually.”
“Poly-
Joanna shifted her grip on the violin so that she grasped the only the neck, holding it in her left fist as one would a cricket bat. “Fragile, though, I’d think.” She moved closer to the open window and ran the fingers of her right hand along the casement. She lifted the violin above her head. “One good swing is all it would take, yeah?”
“If he still decides to be stubborn, he can marry Ms. Adler. I’ll marry you to protect your reputation, and we can spend the rest of our lives keeping up the appearances of a happy couple while continuously making him look the fool,” he muttered and Jane actually let out a chuckle for the first time in a long while.
"What do you mean?"
They ate together amicably and Jane spent the duration of the day sewing until it was time for bed.
They ate in a slightly strained silence, Molly probably trying to piece together the stranger she let into her home and John too focused on his otherworldly situation to pay her much mind. It had been quite possibly the most flavorful stew he’d had in his life and yet every part of him felt too numb to possibly enjoy it.
“I’ll get to that in a bit. Let me tell you the truth about my past first because if I don’t do it now, I’ll be scared to for the rest of my life, watching you and Ms. Adler together from the sidelines with a chest full of regret.”
"He's a banker, probably from London. He's got a wife that owns two cats and a small dog."
"I thought arranged marriages were common for the time."
"Mama! I don't know what you mean." he denied, pulling his gaze away from Jane and Harriet and to his mother.
"I suppose that could be another word to describe the enigma that is you, Ms. Watson." Affection actually reached his eyes and he straightened out his jacket as he stood. "Please stay in my room for the night. I can sleep in the foyer in an armchair."
"Jane..."
"Yes, but the child miraculously survived. Her name is Amelia and she's just the sweetest little thing!" Molly exclaimed, spinning around with a grin.
“I was supposed to save your life… not the other way around. Putting the last of your strength into moving your arm against my wound in such a way that it would apply pressure long after you died… I didn’t deserve such a sacrifice, not when I couldn’t do my bloody job as your best friend and get you to the damn med tent like I said I would.” John took a moment to let out a half-strangled noise of remorse. “And I’m sorry, Bill, because I’m letting you down again… you saved my life and here I am moments from throwing it away because I can’t stand what I’ve become…”
Sherlock stayed on the estate for twelve hours, if Jane were generous with her estimation of time. And the fifty-five minutes she added to make herself feel less lonely was definitely generous. Most of those hours he spent in any part of the manor that Jane was not in. The thought occurred to her that he was avoiding her.
"I... It's... I didn't realize you were into men too..." Jane replied, feeling no less awkward.
"Congratulations, Molly," she said excitedly, wondering if, in a few months time, she'd be helping her friend deliver the child.
Until this moment, John had never doubted that he was still on the countryside where England met Scotland. Well, he knew he was. The land hadn't changed drastically. But now he was unsure if someone was playing a vicious prank on him or not. Who the hell would have the money for something like this though? Was it really... magic? What time was he in if it was? He had so many questions and Ms. Hooper would surely laugh at him for each inquiry that crossed his mind.
John sat down hesitantly across from her. She held the deck out to him and he swallowed his skepticism to touch it with the assumption that the cards required his touch to determine his destiny. He pulled his hand back after a moment and raised an eyebrow as if he was throwing the ball in her court.
"I had thought maybe it was my imagination, but the night I first came here I'd heard a voice I didn't know say my name. And I felt something touch me, but there was no one there."
“...Go on…” he said simply, his mind already shifting to its usual calculating self.
"Normally, I'm sure it would be, but as these aren't exactly normal circumstances, no." Sherlock answered, averting his eyes and swallowing thickly.
"Will you be able to find your way back alright?" Molly asked in an urgent and concerned tone.
"That doesn't explain as much as you think it does." Sherlock took a deep breath, biting his lip.
“This dress was supposed to be yours?” Jane asked, trying her best to keep her jaw from falling to the floor. “I had no idea. Mr. Moriarty was insistent that I should wear it for the party and bought it for me… wouldn’t it have been a little short on you? It’s hardly modest for a lady to show her ankles in this day and age.”
"Mmm... yes, Sherlock?"
It was an overcast day, not exactly atypical of British or Scottish weather. John couldn’t be sure if he appreciated the reprieve from the sun or not. On one hand it would remind him of the sunny battlefields in Afghanistan, but on the other, it had felt like there was a permanent rain cloud hovering over him since he had come back from foreign shores with a bullet wound and a limp that was all in his head.
Soon, Jane was sitting down, staring at her reflection as Mary brushed her hair.
The bed looked mildly comfortable, though John wasn’t sure if he’d even be able to sleep, not because of Molly, but his troubles which had seemed to expand tenfold since five this morning when he had ran through town in nothing but a tank top.
Molly blushed at the compliment, unable to take her face away from Jane's.
"She's doing better now. Most of the blisters are gone. She says it's due to the lavender which she has been applying generously every twenty minutes or so. It's rather remarkable, actually." Mary murmured thoughtfully. She paused, shaking her head as if to dislodge her distracted thoughts from her mind. "Oh, I wanted to thank you for defending Jane from Moriarty. Most people probably would've just let it continue and it wasn't really my place to... correct... his behavior."
"I am not an amateur, nor am I working for him as a physician." she retorted, rolling her eyes.
The song seemed to be about lights and dancing and adventure, fitting the theme of the evening rather well, Jane thought. The lighthearted excitement of the singer's performance was contagious, even Jane was feeling her spirit lifting.
"Can I go practice swords with Mike now?" he practically begged. Amanda had an almost amused smile at her son's antics.
"He's been a perfect gentleman, actually," Jane admitted, slowly looking at him. Well, as much of a gentleman as he was capable of being. Sherlock seemed more vulnerable than before, possibly even drunk.
"I know that she may seem a bit odd to you, and a little unsettling too, but it isn't fair to judge someone by their oddities." she admonished. "You are going to be the ruler of this kingdom someday, it's okay to make mistakes now so you can learn from them, but I would like you to try harder with Sherlock. From what Wolfguard told me, she's usually a very social, inquisitive, and active girl. I think under normal circumstances the two of you would get along well."
“Ah! A skeptic!” She exclaimed with a bright smile. “My favorite kind of customer! I’ll give you a discount if you let me tell you your destiny…”
"I would not repeat the instance at all."
His eyes searched the immediate area and saw that a large holly tree stood in the middle of the hill with its branches stretching out towards the skies proudly. It was autumn so many of the trees had shed their brightly colored leaves in favor of a grimmer look, and yet, this tree stood with all of its bright green leaves like it was a warm summer’s day. It was as if it were defying nature itself.
"You were convinced I was having an affair and you still got me something?" He inquired, jaw slackened from its usually tight clenched position.
It was on Hamish's seventeenth celebration that the young man who looked very much like his father did at that age, came to the conclusion that he knew exactly who he would marry. It was odd - no, incredibly silly - of him not to have noticed before how absolutely beautiful she was, especially since they'd grown up together. Perhaps it was the confident smile on her face or the regal blue dress she was wearing for the occasion, but as far as Hamish was aware, she was the only young woman in the room.
"I apologize... I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable..." Sherlock mumbled shyly, averting his eyes much like a kid who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
"How was that?" she asked with a small smirk. Sherlock just nodded, murmuring of his admiration for the unique experience breathlessly. Jane preened with pride but found herself pushed onto her back with Sherlock on top of her once again, wearing an incredibly playful expression.
John decided it would be in his best interest to skip lunch, not feeling much of an appetite after his inwardly depressing encounter with Sarah. He ran his fingers through his hair as he sat on a small park bench, staring aimlessly at the passing traffic in front of him. It must’ve been nice, he thought, to be anyone else. To have a good life with good friends and a purpose. He took a moment to imagine himself in the shoes of the people strolling past him minding their business. Of course, he couldn’t begin to guess what their lives were really like, maybe they were all just as depressed as he was… if that was true, how on earth did they cope? Because he was losing that battle with himself, and he knew it.
"If it was the best year of your life, why were you found wearing a tattered dress and crying like someone shot your granny?" John's eyes found their way to the ranger's name tag with narrowed annoyance.
"Oh, there are plenty more in my vocabulary. Besides, I'm not a lady, just a maid." Jane shrugged, wincing and rubbing her left shoulder. The scar from her past had been sensitive since she had gotten burnt.
"What would I gain from impressing you?" Sherlock mirrored her expression.
"You look like a puppy who just got caught eating its master's shoe. Don't tell me you feel guilty for me stepping in to protect you." Sherlock simply sat at the edge of the armchair next to his bed, avoiding Jane's gentle gaze. "Oh my god, you do feel guilty about it."
The violin was playing merrily and had been for... since about when she started talking to Moriarty. Than she remembered who was playing that violin. Her eyes shot towards the stage where she found Sherlock watching her keenly, playing the fiddle in his hands effortlessly, perhaps even mindlessly. It certainly didn't seem like he was paying the song any actual mind at this point, all of his attention appeared to be elsewhere.
"Well, it's just... I should be working."
"Honestly? The dishes."
"Hello?" the lady greeted as she opened the door but her face froze with shock as she stared at the unexpected guest.
Sherlock was kind enough to escort her home after dinner, pleading with her to ignore his mother, but honestly Jane felt like she had gotten to learn a new side of him. He often seemed to be incredibly serious as an adult but it was obvious that of all of her children, Virginia was closest to Sherlock because he had actually let her in, unlike her other children. While the events of yesterday still haunted her, Jane felt as if she was allowed to relax a little today. Sherlock seemed to be in thought as well, leaving the carriage silent excluding the sounds of clopping hooves and the occasional command from the coachman.
Now I wondered. She had sounded so sure, so certain that he loved, that he wanted to be loved. Could Holmes truly be desirous of physical affection? Was it perhaps not indifference that kept him aloof, but...fear?
‘You are retiring?’ I turned back. He was looking at me in surprise from his position by the mantel.
He had risen to retrieve his pipe and tobacco pouch from the mantelpiece.
‘An’ then that dreadful day, sir, when the house was broken into and poor Mr Milverton, ‘e was murdered, sir, right in ‘is own study, oh, it was terrible.’ She was twisting her skirt in her lap, the memory clearly painful, and I wondered with a stab of guilt if she had been the one to find the body.
Ten years later, I mourned him with a grief whose intensity and depth I would not have credited, then one year later, my Mary. I had not stopped grieving my friend when I lost my wife, and in the months that followed my double loss, I was not myself. I wandered the streets of London like a ghost, unseen and unmoved by all around me. I returned to my practice, and found rooms nearby. I moved from one to the other, my routine only broken on evenings when I could bear the isolation no longer and simply walked the streets to avoid the loneliness of my rooms.
During his search, he had to adjust his trousers and pants several dozens of times. He figured that maybe he’d finally lost his mind or that he accidentally packed a pair of jeans that Harry had sent him. She never did get his waist size right. Never mind that they seemed longer than they should've been. He was acutely aware of how every article of clothing on him felt… wrong.
"A well-educated woman who has shown herself to be ambitious, brave, compassionate, and forgiving." Sherlock corrected, raising an eyebrow as he looked at her. She looked back with surprise.
"Ms. Watson got burnt by hot water." Sherlock answered, setting her down on his bed. Mary started applying some cool water to the burns. That were already revealed.
"Not in the slightest." she confirmed and his blush only grew. "But you know she's more likely to notice you if you go and talk to her yourself, right?"
"Thanks for that. You're like a sister to me too, Molly."
"There's no guarantee that I'll go back to where I want to be... when I want to be... but I have to try. I can't spend the rest of my life wondering what might've been..."
"How? That shouldn't have gotten out..." Sherlock moved to kneel in front of her. "I'm sorry. It's my fault... I should've made sure that the staff understood the parameters of our marriage."
"You do say the strangest things..." Sherlock mused, the corners of his mouth turning up in a subtle smile. "Still, it's refreshing to hear you say that. That's not what people normally say."
"Perhaps you've forgotten that I'm married." Jane growled defensively, eyes narrowing at him.
Work was easy enough, most days he was washing dishes while Mary cooked and the two ladies got to be relatively good friends. Summer was almost to an end when something relatively exciting happened again.
"You know Mr. Moriarty?"
"I don't know, but death itself couldn't stop me from showing my love for you."
"Actually, we're almost here." Sherlock said chipperly and Jane glanced at him in disbelief.
"Come on, princess. Let's go." he muttered, trudging off to the training yard with her following behind almost numbly.
“Depends in which version you want…” she answered dismissively.
Curiosity prompted him to run his hands over his new body. He hadn’t really taken the time to explore it yesterday. The skin was soft though it wasn’t quite the same as touching a woman like he naively expected it to be; more like touching himself. The breasts were soft and sensitive, the brisk morning air had turned his nipples into small, hard pebbles. His hips were wider, of course, and so very smooth. And the juncture between his legs, the folds were softer than velvet.
Sherlock knocked tentatively on the door to his parents' room, swallowing thickly as he prepared to introduce them to the idea of him getting married. His mother had been urging him to get a bride for what felt like an eternity, however he couldn't be sure that she would be happy or even relieved with his choice, even if he had stated otherwise to Jane already.
"Still going to call me Holmes?" Jane questioned, a bit surprised.
"I thought you said you'd never shag another man again." Harry mused with a smirk, remembering one of his drunken complaints from uni.
"Wonderful."
An arranged marriage, not quite. A marriage with an arrangement. That was more accurate. Jane had honestly never pictured herself anywhere near where she ended up in life. Wealth by marriage to a strange man she barely knew, a pair of breasts that were hers (among other things), and living in a time centuries before she was even born. She wondered what Bill would've thought. This was certainly never the future either of them had planned.
The woman in question that he had fallen so utterly in love with this evening was none other than Ms. Jane Lestrade, who had spent a majority of the evening conversing with his sister, Harriet. He would watch her with a dumb smile on his face whenever the two of them would burst out laughing.
"What, indeed?" She waited to see if he would take the bait and reveal whatever motives he had in taking her here. He did not take the bait, much to her chagrin.
"When I awoke, Ms. Morstan informed me that you would not be returning to the Reichenbach Manor. I expressed my concern for you and she gave me directions to your abode."
“Well, I wasn't decent, so I thought I would hide someplace until it got dark and then I would sneak out and go home...” Ms. Watson explained, biting her lip.
John knew it was a distraction from his protests with sleeping next to her but he still did as Molly suggested, stripping himself of the drab, brown overdress so she could loosen the laces.
"Lord Lestrade, may we practice swords?" John asked hopefully.
"I'm with you... I just need to sit down or something..." Sherlock assured, swallowing thickly.
"Really?"
"There's a pattern between both times that I 'time traveled'... Blue moon, foggy night, just at sunrise. If I stand next to that tree again... I am sure I'll at least have a shot at going back.
Virginia and Wolfson seemed to be a decent pair of people and Jane felt she had learned a great deal about the both of them during her day preparing for the wedding with Sherlock. Virginia attempted to be the best mother she could be with a trio of what she referred to as 'terrifyingly intelligent' children. And when evening came, Virginia insisted that her future daughter-in-law join them for dinner. Jane couldn't really see herself in a position to decline so she agreed, wondering if she would get to know her mysterious father-in-law to be during the meal.
"Listen here, God, what the hell is the meaning of this shit, hmm? Is this punishment for taking my life for granted? Lesson learned. Change me back. I want to go home." he shouted to the silence of the forest, and silence was indeed all he received. His shouting had startled all nearby birds mute. John plopped down on the forest floor, panic starting to overtake him. He wasn't going home.
"I can't believe you even remember that." he mumbled, nuzzling his face into the crook of her neck.
"Just follow my lead, Jane, you'll do fine. It looks like the singers are going to warm up first any how. We'll figure it out together during that." Jane took in a sharp inhale, holding her breath.
He hardly slept at all, heading to the spot at staying there. But he couldn't stay awake forever and long before the sun rose, he'd fallen asleep.
“Where is your home, Ms. Watson? Surely you have people worried about you. I can send them a letter informing them of your well-being.” Molly suggested, turning towards the stable doors.
"You are such a romantic!" she groaned with a wide smile.
“Guilty as charged. But they got you to smile, so I’d say they did their job.” She confessed with a chuckle, setting the cards to the side. “To be honest, my palm reading is a little more genuine.”
"I can take her back at the end of summer, but this seems like the safest place for her while we get the kingdom back on its feet." he explained shakily. "I'll also stay a few days to help her get situated. It would be rude of me to drop her off with you."
"Depends on what you consider bad.” Sherlock replied, looking as though he were sizing her up. She could venture a guess that meant that Moriarty had been rather specific about which of her 'assets' were his favorite. “Are you interested in him?"
"If it makes you you again, I don't mind strange." Harry murmured, hugging him from behind as he sat at the dining room table.
"... I..." Sherlock was in a stunned silence for a moment, staring down at the beautiful polished and carved instrument in his hands before finally daring to look at Jane. "Thank you... I'm sorry I didn't get you something..."
"I am an open book, Ms. Watson, any curiosity you have, I am willing to quench. It would be rude not to with how frequently you seem to have taken up a habit of saving me."
Even though a moment ago, all the trees he had passed to get to where he was sitting except the holly tree had been bare, every tree was sporting blossoms and budding leaves. There were dewdrops sprinkled over the grass that covered the forest floor even though John was certain it hadn't rained in days, and he stood slowly, trying to get a view of any civilization. He hadn't wandered too far away. Only a thirty-minute walk from where he had been staying the night before, though he had been trudging briskly.
Jane sprung into action, her medical instincts kicking in instantly. The first thing she needed to do was get Mrs. Hudson laying on her side and comfortable.
What had he done? He could hardly believe he had lied to Moriarty about something as serious as an engagement, let alone his own. Jane was a headstrong woman and he very much doubted that she would be forgiving of his fib. Jane was admittedly the closest thing he had ever had to a friend outside of his sister and he had probably just lost her due to an instinctive lie to protect her honor.
“I’ll go get the coachman ready.” he murmured, starting to stride toward the door. He paused with his hand on the knob, glancing over his shoulder. “And, Jane? If anyone can do this right, I have no doubt in my mind that person is you.”
"Did you have any plans for Saturday?" Sherlock asked softly into her ear, holding her close to him.
"Now, I know you're lying about your credentials." He replied with a huff of disbelief.
"No! I was going to say cool."
"That was awful." he groaned, looking down at the wound with surprise. "That being said, I don't think I've ever seen stitches like this and so straight." he admired as she gently dabbed it clean with a fresh cloth dipped in a mixture of water and whiskey.
"Sherlock Ho-Ah!" The moment Jane's small but slender fingers wrapped around Sherlock's hand she smirked, making a quick motion that resulted in a jolt of pain shooting up his arm. He grasped his wrist with his other hand, cradling the appendage close to his chest. "What was that? Did you just break my arm?!"
"...Fine... I'll humor you just this once, but at the first sign of any trouble from you, I'm running." Jane warned.
"I can believe that. Your hands do not look like they're used for medical work."
"The best year of my life..."
"Alright... I try." he agreed slowly. His mother's words made no sense to him, but he figured he could at least reassure her.
Sherlock coughed as he cleared the dirt from his eyes with his free hand, straining to see every blow that Moriarty tried to deliver. His eyes stung from the debris and he groaned softly. Moriarty feinted and Sherlock went to block, leaving his left side completely open. With a quick motion, Moriarty's sword connected with Sherlock's arm and Jane's voice screamed out in terror.
"No. I don't... are you worried that I'm sharing my affection with him?" she questioned and he nodded, shame filling his features.
"You mean you respected my privacy?!" She feigned shock and he let out a sigh.
“J-... Jane Watson.” John said carefully, wincing at the voice that left his lips that was unfamiliar to him. He was a woman right now apparently, and what woman was named John? He took off his shirt and replaced it with a long white one that went down to his ankles. “It's nice to meet you, Molly... Thank you for letting me borrow your clothes...”
"I suppose... but please let Sherlock accompany you." the Queen answered. John looked back at Sherlock and his shoulders dropped in disappointment. This was not his idea of fun.
The man certainly knew how to effortlessly get her heart pounding. She realized that he had one arm underneath her, wrapped almost protectively around her, and his other hand was resting seemingly affectionately on her barely protruding stomach. It was adorable, and with the sun peeking through the window behind him and giving his unruly curls a halo-like glow, he looked like an angel. How could any one man look so bloody gorgeous?
Sherlock choked on the air he had been inhaling and stared at Mary with a wide-eyed terror evident on his face. He had not considered the consequences of making such a bet but now that they were laid out in front of him so obviously, he was certain that Jane was going to hate him for his fib, maybe even do something worse than sprain his arm. He rubbed his wrist gently, remembering the sensation of pain she had so easily delivered to him. He sighed softly, shoulders straightened as he knocked on the door.
"So you're making up stories about him to try to impress me?" Jane’s brow arched.
“I… But what if-”
"Oh, yeah, I did, I suppose. It was no problem at all." Jane murmured, giving a small curtsy as Mrs. Holmes did. Virginia turned to her son.
"I could do worse than a wealthy bachelor with an affinity for people watching."
"Tell that to my bitemark." John grumbled, rubbing at it gently. He shook his head. "She's nothing like that."
"Well, it's a little silly..."
"I suppose I wasn't at all subtle..."
"I... may have told her that girls aren't allowed in my secret base..." John admitted with a soft sigh.
The first two days were quiet, but on the third day Mrs. Hudson came in and Jane examined her reaction times and deftness with her hands to ensure that there had been no lasting brain damage from the stroke. She passed all of Jane's simple exams with flying colors and seemed rather happy to be in the younger woman's company once more.
"Jane? Is that really you?" Jane's heart swelled when she heard a voice she knew well. She turned to see Molly at the edge of the crowd, looking hopeful.
