"I didn't say it made sense, Professor." Sherlock muttered, staring at the picture once more as his gaze softened. "I'm just saying that it's me."
"Oh yes, it's a short distance away from town. Wonderful for a morning commute." Mrs. Hudson, from the Town Hall, agreed quickly. She was a gentle old woman, getting up there in years yet discreetly enough that no one could really guess her age. If John had to guess, he'd suppose somewhere around sixty, however the woman kept herself in such a pleasant state that it was all just speculation. She was the secretary behind the desk at the Town Hall, and just as soon as John had come asking about the deed she had insisted that she be the one to take he and his wife for their first impression of the house. Of course, John hadn't asked for a personal escort, though as soon as the woman heard that John was interested in the house, she seemed positively overjoyed to go see it up close. She was the one with the key, after all, and she claimed that she passed the driveway every day on her way to work, and always wanted to see what waited at the end. She claimed that there were lures surrounding the house, old fairy tales the children had made up to go along with the ominous building which sat alone in the woods. She never clarified as to what these stories entailed, though John could only assume the house would come along with a handful of ghost stories due to its ancient history. Though the existence of these stories John allowed himself to hope as to what sort of structure they were dealing with, for while there was a chance it was a nasty old shed, ghost stories always alluded to something more massive. Possibly John had inherited something more impressive than he realized?
"Yes of course I am." John agreed with a little chuckle; however he grabbed his flashlight and started up the ladder all the same. He was surprised by how much stuff the old owners (or maybe himself, who knows?) had managed to shove up through that tiny little hole in the ceiling. He found many large pieces of furniture, covered very ominously by white sheets that were stained yellow with age. There seemed to be a dresser, a wardrobe, even an old mattress supported by a bent old frame, disfigured the edges so as to make it fit. The attic itself wasn't large, yet it was filled to about its carrying capacity, with one little window made to illuminate things better.
"That really doesn't make you special." Sherlock reminded him, wiggling his little noodle arms so as to demonstrate his own weakness before reaching up and grabbing the string effortlessly. When he pulled the ceiling flap fell right down, in a violent flop of wood that might have decapitated one of them, had they not ducked for cover. A ladder folded down just as rapidly, smacking to the floor with deadly accuracy, where John had been standing not a moment before. Thankfully the two men had huddled against the wall together, and even in their delirium John could've sworn he heard Sherlock give a little yelp of fear.
"You think it was murder?" John wondered, looking over the other two death certificates just to make sure the woman wasn't missing any obvious facts. But just as she promised there was no obvious cause to be found, just an old warrant with Sherlock's and Mr. Trevor's names typed across with a small typewriter.
"I'll see you at three o'clock then. In the meantime, I really must go. And you have to go too, I imagine." Sherlock insisted, checking his watch one last time before shouldering his backpack and turning back towards the hallway, walking swiftly out without saying anything more along the lines of goodbye.
"I um...yes I should have one somewhere." John agreed, tossing Sherlock a loose piece of parchment all the while he dug around in the mess of papers for one of his pens. After a moment Sherlock got to drawing, looking quite focused in the task and therefore distracted enough to not notice John's staring at him. It was like a weight upon his shoulders, really, to sit here waiting for his competition to be drawn out on this paper. There was another man, then, someone that will arrive just to steal Sherlock away from him. Well of course John hadn't been treating Sherlock anything like a proper suitor should! And in the end, John was a married man and Sherlock had a shred of decency, nothing would have ever worked out. Yet there was something to be said about opportunity, and that little ounce of hope that stirs in your heart when there still was that off chance. There wasn't love in John's heart, at least none that he could properly recognize as of now. There was admiration, and appreciation, and of course just a sort of possession that could not go disregarded. He liked that it was just the two of them, he liked that Sherlock and he were alone against the rest of the world, and inside such a bond there must be at least some sort of unspoken romance. Yet now there was a change, now there might be something tearing them apart in the end. Sherlock's dedication to another man, Sherlock's partnership from the past. If John got lucky then the man would prove to not have survived the transition from past to present, this face that would be drawn now might have disappeared a century ago, when the house had been shut down. Yet what John already knew of his luck, well that was certainly not going to happen. He knew well enough not to count on his own fortunes, for in the end everything he wanted so dearly had a way of turning its back on him, and leaving him wondering what he did wrong to have disrespected Fate in such a way.
"Oh stop that, it's not my picture." John growled, snatching the frame out of Greg's hands before he could study it too carefully.
"Where do you think he is now?" Sherlock asked quietly, blinking for a moment before turning his glance back to where John was sitting. Neither of them dared to sit at the head of the table, for even though John's name was on the deed he knew that he didn't really own this house. He felt almost as though the house owned itself, and no matter how empty that chair appeared to be, it was always somehow occupied.
"No, no one's stalking me." John grumbled, shaking his head and sighing in exasperation. Oh what a fool he was! "You just, you look like someone I thought I saw. But it's nothing, it's...I'm just letting ghost stories go to my head!"
"My wife asks if you might stay for dinner." John said with a little grumble. Sherlock blinked in some surprise, looking a bit apprehensive for he obviously couldn't gauge John's expression.
"What question?" Sherlock asked, his eyes narrowing now in some sort of offense, as if he found John's new wild mannerisms to be rather insulting.
"Yes of course." Sherlock agreed, stepping into the office just in time for Greg to let out a gasp of recognition.
"That's not it, Greg. I just feel like the house is playing tricks on me, it's getting into my head. I feel mad, Greg. I feel positively mad." John sighed.
"Well, Professor Lestrade, you can very politely act your age." John suggested with a sarcastic sneer. Immediately Greg's posture dropped, and he leaned back in his chair and spun around once, as if to fully satisfy John's request.
"Not that I see." John shrugged, staring towards the boxes and noticing that Sherlock mimicked every one of his footsteps, so as not to lose any of that protective distance. For whatever reason that was terribly flattering, and John rather liked it. He wondered now why he didn't bring Sherlock to scary places before, just to ensure his sudden dependency. John prodded at some of the boxes, to be sure that there wasn't anything alive inside, before finally trying one of the lids. They were made of cardboard, miraculously untouched by any mold or water damage. The box's lid flung open to reveal plates of the finest china, all unscathed and wrapped in paper for protection.
"You were in there." John muttered simply. Sherlock nodded sharply, pushing past John as if he had enough of this drama. He pushed past John and went for the handle, opening the door up in something of a mad fit of anxiety. As if he wanted to know what was in this room more than anything in the world, as if he was expecting something that would change his life. And yet, when he opened it up, it proved to be nothing more than a bedroom. Nothing more than a large bed set in the middle of the room, with a blue comforter, looking just about as good as new. And yet all the same, that bed was the same. It was identical in the dream, and in the photograph, and in this life now. And yet all the same, as familiar as this room was to John, he still knew that it did not belong to him. No, he had never slept in that bed; he had never woken up tangled in its sheets. This was not his room; this was not where he was supposed to be. This room was bigger than his own, this bed was larger, the decorations were fancier. This wasn't a bed for a guest; this was a bed for a master.
"Urgent how?" she wondered nervously. Sherlock took a quick breath, tapping his toes nervously against their welcome mat as he tried to phrase this so that a suburban mother could understand. Of course he wouldn't share the secrets that were John's to tell, and yet he knew that he would be trapped behind this screen door if he didn't stress the urgency of the matter.
"What a very pretty child." Sherlock said, for obviously he didn't really know how else to pay a baby a compliment. The way he stayed back, as if afraid, really demonstrated his inexperience with children in general.
"No, keep it open. I'm expecting someone." John insisted, instinctively flattening the picture frame against his desk and trying his best to look perfectly innocent. Greg's eyebrows raised in interest, and he moved over now to one of the chairs John had arranged in front of his desk.
"I never went into your house, professor. I never did anything like that." the boy whimpered. "Please believe me."
"Oh you'll move your way up I'm sure. As chair of the department, then who knows, maybe you'll even be president?" Sherlock suggested.
"Was it ever as monumental for us as it should've been? Was it ever as life changing as it would have been for an average person?" Sherlock questioned quietly.
"We could go to the Town Hall, if you think we've found all we can here." John suggested with a shrug.
"Holmes I am glad to hear that you have at least the capability of falling in love. It makes you exceptionally more understandable, and more human." I assured carefully.
"Nothing's weird. I'm not making anything weird, I'm just...well I'm just living, you know? Just going with the flow, I'm not making anything weird." John insisted, although as he spoke his throat got quite tight, almost as if it too was begging him to shut up. Sherlock sighed heavily, as if he saw straight through that.
"I'll be at your office hours, professor. But I've got to get to class." Sherlock insisted, giving a great tug of his arm and pulling himself away from John's grip. The professor nodded, deciding that he probably couldn't do better than that. And so he allowed Sherlock to walk away, in the end he decided that there was no more arguing with him, not after a reasonable agreement had been made.
"It all seems like old crap, nothing along the lines of memorabilia." John said in disappointment, unearthing a box of old bedsheets with a disappointing sigh.
"It can't actually be you." John protested with a nervous little croak, shaking his head in denial. "Can't actually be you. This picture is ancient, it's old, and withered, it was taken back when...when the house was still occupied."
"Well you did, you did get a happy ending. Or rather you would've...who knows what's in store for all of us now?" Sherlock wondered, looking a little bit ashamed for having put such a negative spin on married life. Obviously he felt as though he had just degraded the idea of a happy marriage and family, as if it was overrated to a degree. Oh Sherlock could stutter all he wanted, surely he wasn't wrong! John knew deep down that there was something empty in his life, even if he had checked all the boxes that might make a man happy and successful. He had all of that, a wife, a child, a job, yet no purpose. He knew that there was something else coming, deep down he knew that all of this was leading to something, something much like a conclusion.
"Oh no? Aren't just ashamed that you had been so desperate, so as to call on me in such a way? Not ashamed that at one point your pure little soul descended to my filthy level?" Sherlock challenged.
"I guess because I know that no matter what, I'll never be alone. That somehow you'll find me." Sherlock admitted finally, in such a soft voice that in any other situation John would have had to kiss him. If ever there was a more romantic line, John had to yet to find it. And as his face paled he found that he could only open his mouth to do one thing, for his words would betray him in the end. And so he merely shoved that cookie into his mouth, as much as he could to silence himself, a whole cheek full of the most disgusting, stale cookie he had ever eaten before. Sherlock's eyes widened, yet he didn't get the chance to say anything against such an action, for just as soon as John nearly choked himself with cookie Mrs. Hudson decided to reemerge, giving a little holler of success that only Sherlock could respond too, for John had evidently bitten off far more than he could chew.
"I don't think I could let myself do that either." John grumbled. "I feel like that house is...well it's mine. I don't like the idea of other people inside of it."
"It may very well have been." Sherlock mumbled, patting the walls in admiration. John sighed heavily, not very thrilled that Sherlock was trying to become the house's favorite as well.
"Depends how we left it off last time. I mean, you never know who gave you that ring." John pointed out. Sherlock nodded, examining the thing on his finger with something of a frown.
"No, they will." John insisted quietly, and yet that really didn't matter. They'd find out anyway, anyone could make the connection between a surprisingly feminine boy showing up to talk to their son and then the son's sudden need for an HIV test.
"We were tallying the salamander populations in the woods. Sherlock's project is on their effects of the salamanders in the soil's chemistry." John explained quickly, happy to have been able to tie such a project back to chemistry after all. That way Sherlock would be a better equipped liar.
"That doesn't help though, does it? I can't imagine how many Mr. Trevor's there are out there in the world." John pointed out with a little frown.
"Sherlock." John said in the smallest of voices, having materialized next to his mother, looking just as apprehensive to open the door and let him in. For a moment Sherlock didn't know what to say, for a moment he felt as though he should just turn his back and run, and yet he knew that now wasn't the time. This was indeed a matter of life or death; there was no turning around now.
"A boy." John announced quietly, huddling the little thing into a white blanket and trying to wipe off the blood from its small and rather disgusting face. Sherlock had never seen a baby before, though this one proved to be quite startling. It looked more alien than the rest of them, slimy and red, without any trace of humanity in its small and toothless features.
"It's fine, just old boxes and furniture." John assured. Sherlock nodded, finally arriving at John's shoulder and standing quite close, as if he was looking for protection.
"Perhaps. But then again, perhaps not. I can't imagine that house would offer me an image if it did not mean something, yes?" Sherlock asked a bit hopefully.
"Well I don't know, Sherlock. What do you suggest?" John grumbled, really not in the mood to compete with Sherlock's ambition this morning. "It was your idea to leave it be in the first place."
"You cannot tell me that you're going to choose a forty five minute class over our own mental sanity? John who knows what this voice is doing to our brains, which parts of them it's turning to mush? Already I can't see straight, I've had a migraine all weekend, and you're telling me you're going to choose your students over that? Over finally getting to hear silence in...ugh! There it is again, getting shriller!" Sherlock yelped, closing his eyes and letting out a low groan of annoyance. John heard it too, the voice had raised an octave, as if it was deciding now was the perfect time to get more annoying, so as to persuade them both to start moving. John could see that this was a losing battle, against this boy and against this house as well. He really felt that he had nothing to do but shake his head in defeat and open up his laptop to send a quick email to his students that class was cancelled for today. They were quiet in the car, mostly because it was hard to think when there was that ever loudening screaming in the back of their brains. And yet it was becoming less pained, it was becoming quieter. With every mile they got closer to the house, the screaming started to get less frantic. As if the house knew that they were finally bowing to its wishes, and coming to solve its mysteries once more. Sherlock looked a little bit angry, yet John could not think as to why. He was doing as he asked, wasn't he? He had just sacrificed a whole class of students their valuable learning time (although he was sure none of them would be too bothered) on behalf of Sherlock's moody behavior. Oh well, maybe it was just because Sherlock was tired that he was leaning up against the door with that look on his face, nearly smashed up against the window pane. John watched him for a moment as they hit the stretch of long, straight roads. They were the only cars on these back roads at this time of morning, and so John felt as though he had something of an opportunity to observe his companion. Sherlock's eyes were dark and sunken in, as if he too had been suffering through the same withdrawal that John had felt. It was as if just after they had been introduced to the house they had been introduced to a new drug, its affect was pulling them closer and closer, and they had no chance of escape. Not anymore. It seemed now that they had no choice but to do as the house wanted, they could not leave it behind anymore, not after the house's full power had been unleashed in protest. And yet why just them? More importantly, why them in the first place? Why was this their burden to carry, to people from the college, two intellectuals who liked science more than magic, and ghost stories. Why wasn't it Mrs. Hudson who was cursed, why could Mary walk away so unscathed? Had those women even thought about the house since they had last visited, had they been having the dreams as well? And most interestingly was why John was here, why his fate was linked to this building if he wasn't even from England. Was it the tendrils of the house that had pulled him closer, to this college that was only twelve minutes from its font door? John had thought it was entirely his own idea to get away from the States, but had there been a higher power involved? Had there been a beckoning that he hadn't realized in his urgency to escape his family? John sighed heavily, shaking his head and turning his eyes back on the road, not liking the ideas that were circulating through his head. Then again, these were the first ideas he's been able to think for himself in a long while. These were the first ideas that could be clearly interpreted in his head, for as the woods came within view, the screaming had died down to something of a loud groan. It was becoming happier with them, happy that they answered when it called. Sherlock still winced, seeming to be a lot more affected by this constant noise than John was. Perhaps this was because he wasn't a father yet, and hadn't had to deal with a newborn. John bit his tongue a bit angrily, hating that thought just as soon as it crossed his mind. The idea that Sherlock would ever have a child, that he would ever marry a woman, that he would ever settle down. Something about that thought turned his stomach, and while half of his brain hissed the other half merely laughed. One was angry, while one seemed to know already that it was an impossible daydream. It knew that Sherlock didn't have it in him to marry. Finally John pulled up to the driveway, the car crunching along the gravel as it came to a stop in front of the doors. Nothing seemed to be changed from when they last left, nothing out of the ordinary at least. The screaming was still there, yet quiet enough that John could finally hear the wind brushing through the trees, and cry of the birds in the distance.
"There's someone stalking you, Professor?" the boy asked apprehensively, speaking now as if it was his intention to help. He had very quickly overcome his fear, and now instead of cowering he was standing straight up once more, wearing a very long coat with a bag hanging on his shoulder. He looked professional, and apologetic. As if he assumed this whole matter was still his fault, despite John's obvious error.
"Well, it's kind of what I need to talk to you about." Sherlock admitted in a small voice. John sighed heavily, shaking his head and marching past Sherlock in something of a fit. He was in denial, most obviously, in a state where his brain told him one thing and his heart told him another. John was telling himself he hated the night they had shared, and yet Sherlock knew quite well that he wouldn't protest if he took him down onto the bed right now. No, he would be quite fine with it, undoubtedly.
"No, I think it'll be a trapdoor." John admitted, searching the ceilings instead of the walls for the telltale outline.
"No, no." John muttered, blinking away the last of his tears before looking into Sherlock's eyes one last time, trembling while he let his hands fall away and his gaze shift. He started for the door, to which Sherlock could only follow to the staircase, and it as there that he stopped. He heard John start down the stairs, he heard him approach the kitchen. Sherlock was almost afraid to hear what happened next, and yet despite that he clutched to the banister, too afraid to walk away. He wouldn't let John be alone in this, not like he had been.
"I know, I know, and I'm sorry. But it's not something you can just ignore, it won't go away." Sherlock insisted flatly, taking a step forward to which John took a step back, throwing up a hand to halt any of Sherlock's advances, almost as if he was afraid he might come closer.
"We live in a new world, Sherlock. Surely we know better than to believe what we see?" John insisted.
"Yes I know. But still, think of how old these must be." John said with a smile, demonstrating the plate to Sherlock before setting it back into its spot in the paper. "Hundreds of years, possibly even as old as the house."
"Very well put, Mrs. Watson." Sherlock said appreciatively, lifting her glass towards her before taking another sip. John sighed, worried now that his wife might be taking credit for the intellectual in the family. Certainly he couldn't allow Sherlock to prefer her over him. Thankfully the oven beeped just as John was going to open his mouth, and so the conversation was changed all the same. While Mary went to tend on the meal (chicken parmigiana, one of John's personal favorites) Sherlock wandered over to where John was standing, leaning against the counter and observing Rosie with a very curious look on his beautiful face.
"Well, you seem to like to argue more than you like to face the facts, it would seem." Sherlock insisted, stuffing the letter into its envelope and stowing it in his own coat pocket. John wanted to speak against that, for it was rather rude if he kept it all to himself when it belonged to the past, yet all the same John had the photograph. It would seem as though they were desperate to keep a hold of the other's possessions, some of those deep rooted, provocative things that might remind them of the crazy lives they had lived before. Now they both houses those little memories, those sexual souvenirs in a way. Perhaps they were both battling demons, that demon that manifested as the little voice in the back of your head. Perhaps Sherlock, despite his pride and mannerisms, felt the need to read such a letter in some late hour of the night. Perhaps imagining it to have just arrived, so as to give him that much needed kick of adrenaline.
"Well, a bag of money isn't that suggestive. Besides, if I really did...well if I really did have such an occupation I wouldn't have gotten my own desk." Sherlock pointed out. "I wasn't a permanent resident."
"You actually think we can just Google him, our century old companion?" Sherlock asked with a doubtful little laugh.
Sherlock corrected. "Even as a graduate student, I'm not entirely used to going an entire weekend without sleep."
"Why ever would we..." Mary was cut off when Sherlock picked up his glass, gave a quick toast to the hostess, and proceeded without any hesitation to splash whatever was left in the glass directly into John's face. Mary gasped; all the while John could do nothing but spit and seethe in his anger.
"All of this stuff about destiny though, well it gets me thinking. It makes me wonder if Mary was ever supposed to happen, and Rosie...well what's going to happen to them if I'm destined for here, with you? What happens if Victor appears and we go back to the way things were, if we all live in this house and tear each other's throats out?" John muttered apprehensively.
"It's beautiful, my God it's absolutely breathtaking!" Mary exclaimed excitedly, jumping once more with enthusiasm and sliding around dangerously in the mud as she fell back down upon her feet.
"Now what is all this yelling about in here? Really one would think you were having an argument..." Mary's voice trailed away when she finally saw the state the men had been left in, standing now about ready to get in a fist fight. Mary gasped, putting her hands over her heart so as to make obvious her drastic surprise.
"Well I know that we can't go on living like that, we're not heathens. But I wonder what the house has in store for us. If Victor's out there somewhere then we can be certain that there's a purpose to it all. There's an unanswered question, or an unfulfilled destiny. But if he's not, well I can't think of a reason we're back together again. Unless, well unless we're some sort of soulmates." John muttered with a nervous little croak, his throat forcing out words as his brain produced them, spitting out romantic garbage just for the sake of continuing his sentences. Sherlock's eyes widened before he finally let his gaze drop back to his plate, now littered with the unwanted crusts of pizza long gone.
"Hm, something that seemed to be from your other life?" John asked, looking over to where Sherlock was now blushing rather heavily.
Mary welcomed them just as sweetly as one would expect in a lady. She walked outside to greet Sherlock in the driveway; all the while John had recited the story to him many times before they pulled up. There was not to be any talk about the house, they had been out in the woods counting salamanders for Sherlock's final project, that was all. Certainly it was a story which had many gaps, yet Mary certainly wasn't going to question the complexity of the operation, nor was she going to pull out the master degree's curriculum to check. Sherlock didn't ask why there was to be such an elaborate ploy, rather than just the plain truth, presumably because he already knew the answer to such a question. He knew that the house wasn't a commonplace conversation, especially not for overtop of the dinner table. Sherlock was hesitant, yet all the same he put on his most polite face and got out of the car with a grin. John sat for a moment, watching through the windshield as Mary shook him by the hand and introduced herself. He watched with a rather sickened stomach, already regretting mixing his two lives so forcefully. And even now he felt a sort of protectiveness over Sherlock, feeling as though he was doing something wrong, endangering him in some way here. Certainly there was no physical danger...oh but John had to think what his fellow professors might think, if they found out he had a student over for dinner. Well it happened all the time; John knew that most professors and their graduates students were very close. Yet Sherlock was chemistry, wasn't he? That was way out of John's line of work; it was uncanny to make a friend outside of your department. Well then, John would just have to pray word of this never escaped. He just had to settle in, and enjoy Sherlock's company to the best of his abilities. After all, there were worst people to host. Certainly they had a sort of chemistry that was everlasting, considering how far it seemed to have gotten them. And so John got out of the car, covering his head with his bag as he rushed into the house to escape the rain. He found Sherlock and his wife already situated in the kitchen, seeming to have begun their small talk about Rosie, who was sitting in her high chair smashing Cheerios to a pulp with her fist. She liked to abuse her food, rather than eat it.
"I'd like to think that's my ancestor's name, and nothing more." John said finally. Sherlock nodded, staying quiet and looking over the letter once more, so as if to decide whether it was true or not. He didn't seem terribly enthused about the whole thing, intrigued perhaps, yet most certainly uncomfortable. John remembered back to when he praised their friendship being built so far from romance, and here was the final proof that John housed deep desires, having been carried along now throughout the centuries.
"It's loud." Sherlock decided at last, and with that he gave a little sigh of regret before moving back into the main corridor. He wasn't sure what to feel when trapped inside of that room, for he was sure that death was supposed to be pitiful and birth was supposed to be exciting. Though when the two of them were combined, when a birth brought along a death, well perhaps the feeling should be neutral. Perhaps it was okay to feel nothing at all. Sherlock sat down on the floor, staring out one of the lengthy windows and curling his legs into a knot underneath of him. The stars looked especially brighter now, as if they were veering closer than before. From what Sherlock understood of the world, which admittedly was not very much at all, he imagined they must be being pulled by something. An invisible force, perhaps a string attached to their ship, well something was moving them along through space. The engines had died long before he had even been born, though still they were moving. Perhaps they were getting close to a system, then. Perhaps something was pulling them in, and would realize the urgency of the matter. The world only had about only one human lifespan left, for when the little child died he would surely be the last of them. He was doomed, they were all doomed.
"Oh well, thank you. I think?" John muttered, feeling his face get a little bit hot in embarrassment. Well, there was a certain irony there, wasn't there? All the same, such an assumption must only be spawned from the wedding ring on his fingers, nothing more. Then again, it might be good that Sherlock knew nothing. For nothing was going to come out of it, no matter how passionate John might think he is. The rest of the ride was silent, probably for the best. John didn't want to say anything stupid, nor did he want to suffer anymore casualties from Sherlock's speaking of things he didn't know. Thankfully it wasn't an awkward silence; Sherlock seemed to be quite lost in his thoughts as he stared out the window, watching as the familiar woods began to thicken around them. When finally they pulled into the gravel driveway that house stood looming before them, yet there was a feeling of welcome all the same. John realized that it had been a while since he was last here, yet all the same there hadn't been any consequences for such time away. Maybe the house understood that there had been a misunderstanding, that or it knew John was intending to come back. John couldn't help but wonder if that argument had been the house's creation entirely. Surely if Sherlock really was promised to another man, then it saw some competition in his getting so close to John? Maybe it had decided that their relationship was building up too quickly, perhaps unfairly to his true soulmate. Oh how infuriating that was, to suspect that the very house was working against John as well!
John didn't want to let the house win, but he knew that he had no choice when the screaming continued into its second day. Nothing helped relieve the pain that it caused, no amount of Advil or alcohol lessened the effect, it was merely a constant scream, a constant cry for attention, and for company. It was agonizing in all levels, both physical and emotional, because John had to wonder which voice it was using. He had to wonder, if they really had all been absorbed into that woodwork, which one of them was screaming. Perhaps it was both of them, or perhaps it was the whole lot who had ever lived there, all having donated their voices, all having donated their pain. As soon as the screaming started, John knew for sure that it would not subside until the house got what it wanted, until he unearthed that key from his junk drawer and went back to walks its halls once more. Thankfully John hadn't been dramatic, and thrown the key in a lake somewhere. Then they could never get back in, and the screaming would keep on going until they died. John brought the key to work with him, that terrible Monday morning. He felt the screaming in all of his bones, he felt it vibrating like an iron mallet, inside of his skull. His plan was to open up the house after his classes had finished, however it wasn't even before he got into his office before he was attacked by a wild, crazed looking Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock had been leaning against the wall of the hallway, with a bottle of ibuprofen in one hand and a large purple thermos in the other. The man was a wreck, and really that was saying something considering just how beautiful he normally looked. Today there still was that presence of beauty, yet it was masked by a look of sleep deprivation and misery, as if Sherlock had to drink so much coffee just to get himself out of bed. Just as soon as Sherlock could hear John's footsteps he looked up with a sigh of relief, standing back on his feet and looking desperately at the man as he approached.
"That's very...well actually I rather like the idea." John agreed. "A good ending to a day of digging."
"It would seem as though I kept it." Sherlock finished finally, his voice dropping down an octave fearfully.
"My roommate was being a complete jerk last night." He said at last. "He hosted some sort of party, I hardly slept a wink."
"I'll go down to Town Hall tonight, after class. I'll just make sure everything is as it should be." John decided with a sigh. Greg gave a great groan of disapproval, yet then again that was all he could do, as he knew any verbal protest would be a waste of both of their times. Once John's heart was set on doing the right thing there was no going back. Greg's rebellious nature was not enough to contaminate John, and there was no way he was going to collect this deed without first making sure it was intentionally left to him. Besides, if there really was another John Watson from his father's side, it still didn't make sense that they would choose to pass something as important as a house to him. Historically, John had done nothing to that family except disgrace them, as his father had said right before he left. Certainly, he wouldn't get any presents from the Watsons except an envelope full of ricin. And so, Greg could never understand not only that this deed might be misplaced, but also the idea that anything from the Watsons must not be a gift at all. Surely if the house was intentionally passed to him it was because there was something wrong with it, and so it would be more of a burden than a gift. It was merely some more family baggage that he would have to carry atop his already aching shoulders. An old deteriorating shack that no one wanted to deal with anymore, come into his possession because its original owners had gotten lazy. Of course it would be passed down to him.
"Well these boxes look promising." John announced, looking back up the staircase to see Sherlock still lingering in the light. "What, aren't you coming?"
"Well, Sherlock, this isn't a ghost story, no there's nothing. It's not real, none of it." John sighed.
"I thought there were rats somewhere here. I saw some evidence before, but I can't find where they might be hiding." John muttered with a frown.
"Well then...my middle name. Hamish? I think that was my grandfather. I think he...well I think he lived to see the earth." John decided, finally sitting down heavily against the same wall that Sherlock had perched on. Sherlock recoiled, not entirely sure why he had to insist on sitting so close. There was something entirely foreign about being touched, something almost threatening about the way John's shoulder brushed upon his own.
"No offense, Sherlock, but you were sort of paid to be keen. Prostitutes can't be picky with whoever pays them. And there always could've been someone else, someone off to the side. A genuine interest, perhaps." John offered quickly, feeling the need to straighten himself up in his chair.
"Do you want to see the house?" John offered in a quiet, forceful voice. Sherlock stopped, looking up at John with a very curious gleam in his eye, something of excitement. As if he had been waiting for John to ask.
"I rephrase. Leave, Greg." John corrected, forcing his lips into a smile all the while Sherlock looked between the two as if he was wondering what on earth was going on. As if he couldn't really tell what these two men knew and he didn't. Greg sighed heavily, but obviously he was in no position to argue. And so he raised his hands in surrender, shrugging his shoulders passively and getting to his feet. He paused on the way out to crane his neck up at Sherlock, studying his face as if he really couldn't understand how he could look exactly the same as the photograph.
"Well if he's there, why don't you ask him?" Mary insisted, in that voice she used when she was solving John's problems for him- like a mother. John sighed heavily, for there was a very pressing feeling which was urging him to do anything but what she recommended. It seemed to him, no matter how fanciful it might sound, that to bring Sherlock to his home would be an amazing conflict of interests. No, not just interests, a conflict of worlds, of reality! If he really had lived in that house with Sherlock and how many other men, well certainly introducing Sherlock to his wife would be a wrong move? It would be clashing the two realities he knew and didn't, it would be challenging not just his way of life back then, but his way of life now as well. Yet all the same, he could hear his wife's quickening hum on the other end of the line, as if reminding him to talk quickly. In all honestly, Sherlock's presence in the house might lessen the blow of the punishment for being late. And so John sighed, holding the phone to his chest and looking over at where Sherlock sat in the seat next to him.
"Would you like me to come with you?" Sherlock wondered carefully, letting his hands fall away from John's only to brush his fingers gently against the boy's cheek, for he was crying once more. Sherlock took the liberty of wiping away the tears he himself had created.
"And one for me, dear. If you wouldn't mind." John added quickly, for while his day hadn't been in the least bit stressful, he still felt rather drained.
"Well that's not even an argument that we have to have, is it Sherlock?" John asked with something of a little wince. "That's a question that's already been answered!"
"I'm not responding to that." John said finally, and with that he got into the driver's seat and shut the door with a snap, finally blocking out Reggie's pestering and appreciating just a quick moment of silence.
"Ya but I'm not out! I never will be out, I am straight Sherlock, I am straight and if I tell people what happened they won't believe me! It was one time Sherlock, one time, how could I get punished for just one
"Oh she'll understand. I'll just tell her that I'm spending the night at the house because I need to do some stuff in the morning. She'll understand." John insisted, getting his phone from his pocket even before he searched for any fuel from the fire. He knew of course that he'd be willing to sleep in the cold, he'd be willing to just about anything to extend his time with Sherlock. Perhaps it wasn't just Sherlock that was drawing him in; maybe it was something more than him. Maybe it was this house, tightening its grip on them both. Holding them hostage with its suggestions turned whims, making itself all the more comfortable so that it could house its everlasting occupants even longer within itself.
"I think it might be. Making us feel special, as if we mean something in this world. Or at least meant enough to be brought back. Introduced us to the idea of destiny, only to rip it away again, and curse us to the mortality of the common man." Sherlock muttered. John blinked, not having expected a small philosophical lesson from Sherlock so abruptly. He didn't really know how to respond to such a thing, and so he looked a bit anxiously towards the door where Mrs. Hudson had disappeared through, hoping her reappearance might interrupt his answer. Unfortunately she stayed missing, and the room as just as quiet as ever.
"That letter doesn't define either of us. I know that...well I know it's ancient history. It wasn't you, wasn't me.
"Hello um, Mrs. Watson? I'm here to talk to John." Sherlock said rather nervously, for her glares were making him feel quite unwelcome.
"No, you moron. This picture is as old as the house. But now with your little recollection, may I please ask you to leave." John suggested, ushering Sherlock inside all the while he held the door open wider, for Greg to go out.
"Sherlock, Sherlock can I talk to you?" John called out, joining the pack and speeding up to grab Sherlock's arm. He pulled away anxiously, yet john didn't let go, and so Sherlock's strength did nothing but pull them together in the end.
"Well if you were engaged you would be." John pointed out, nodding again to the ring that was still sparkling on Sherlock's finger. The boy twisted the ring a bit apprehensively, yet kept it there all the same.
"Then again, Professor, sometimes things just don't make sense." Sherlock murmured, stopped right next to John yet not looking him in the eyes. And with that he passed into the hallway, blinking as if clearing his head, and starting down in the direction he had been heading before. Walking swiftly, and fast enough so that when John went to close the door, the boy had disappeared from his sight all together.
John sat miserably in his office, checking his watch to make sure he was still within his time frame. The picture sat on his desk, amongst all his other old photographs so that no one would notice anything was particularly out of place. Even though he detested that photograph, or rather just its existence in general, he still felt as though it had to be displayed. It was, well above all other things it was very beautiful. It was seductive of course, for the look in Sherlock's eyes, directed at the camera, was a look that only had one purpose. That look was the thing that drew someone in, it was the look that made the audience know for sure that they were allowed closer. His body was the prize, but that look was an utter magnet. John didn't know in what context this picture was taken, he couldn't guess as to what the motivation was behind it. Had Sherlock decided to wear such a flimsy outfit for the sake of the picture, was he posing so that all the generations after him would be entranced by his gaze? Or rather was this his natural state, and the observer wanted to capture it? What had been going on before this picture, oh but more accurately, what would go on after it? The moment that camera flashed, the moment Sherlock came back to life out of this still frame. John could imagine it now; well simply because he had seen it before. He had seen this picture before, in live action...all displayed in his head. In that dream he had, before he had ever seen Sherlock's face, before he had ever seen this picture. He knew all too well that after that camera flashed, that Sherlock would draw back his head against the bedpost, still clinging to his robe with one fist, but grabbing onto the post with his other, pulling himself against it in a helpless position. He would sigh heavily, with his chest heaving up and down so visibly, the white skin stretching across his neck, across his collarbones... He was made to be admired, that man. He was made to be worshipped, and this stance was merely his call for followers. For men to bow down before him, gasping and kissing and loving
"Yes, I had a weird dream. Something so weird it could only be..." Sherlock hesitated, clearing his throat so as to disregard his previous sentence. "Well I can't but worry that there was some truth in it all."
"Forgive me then, if I do not believe you." I shot back rather hotly, to which the detective's eyebrows rose sharply. Surely he did not appreciate such a tone, especially this late at night. I realized my mistake; however I could hardly do him the honor of apologizing. It would seem as though we were both in the wrong that night, and so ever so quietly I bowed my head in farewell, and took my leave. Yet sleep did not come easy, for whenever my eyes would dare close suddenly I was roused with the images of the occurrences that had taken place that peculiar night. I saw Milverton in his study, along with the mysterious woman who brought it upon herself to rid the world of his terrible being. And most importantly, I saw Holmes bent over that document, with such fire in his eyes that I might have mistaken him for the hearth which burned by our feet! Surely those papers must mean much to him, otherwise he would not be so reactant, nor would he be so secretive. Yet what was it that Milverton might have had? Was it a little trouble from the man's past, or was it blackmail instead on someone close to him? His brother Mycroft, perhaps might be the one in question, a man which would certainly be important enough to want on a very short leash? Or was it a client of the past, which might have meant a great deal to my friend before I had come into his company? The question troubled me immensely, and I found with great despair that it was my curiosity that would end up being the death  of me, for I knew I would not fall to sleep tonight or any other night should I not know the contents of those papers. And so like the criminal I had already become, I instead sat up with my lamp, waiting for the telltale signs that Holmes had departed to bed before I crept lightly to my feet. It was only a quick glance that would satisfy my need for knowledge, for surely the contents of such a document would be betrayed in the first couple of lines...all I would need was a peek. And so quietly I crept, noticing thankfully that the door to my friend's room was shut tight and the sitting room which we had once presided was now empty. I looked around for one quick survey of the darkened room, lit only by whatever flames the crumbling logs could provide me with, and noticing thankfully that under Holmes's pipe and tobacco was that familiar roll of papers which were of such importance to him. Surely if they were very private he would not let them lying around so carelessly, would he?  Or at least that was my single minded rationalization, for with a task at hand I always so unperceptive. Such ignorance would certainly have disappointed Sherlock Holmes, if of course the deed itself did not over shadow such witlessness. Nonetheless I snatched at the roll of papers, coming across my prize most eagerly as I unrolled the small bundle. Not to my surprise, I found two envelopes, one which was labeled in unrecognizable handwriting to my companion Holmes, and the other written in his hand yet to a name which was only just recognizable by the tales he told me of his days in university, and of course of the Gloria Scott. Victor Trevor, if I do remember correctly the lad was Holmes's only companion throughout his older years, and he had spent some time with Trevor and his father up at their house in Norfolk. Yet other than his father's unfortunate ties with prisoners and pirates, the name was about all I knew of this mysterious man. Holmes never talked much about his past, and it was with great difficulty that I had learned he had ever gone through childhood at all. In my mind, the man had erupted into this world a well-traveled and well educated sleuth, sent only to incriminate those who deserved it and spare those who did not. Yet these letters, which were not so easily in my hands, would surely open some long closed doors as to his upbringing and his background. I began with the one which was labeled to Holmes, checking now to see how the conversation went and was carried on, and saw that this one must have been the preliminary address. It started as casually as all letters must, written still in that handwriting that must have been characteristic of Victor Trevor...
"I'm not stalking anyone. I was just inferring, as to who he was. I mean ever since you showed me that picture from your creepy new house I've been wondering how he could possibly be so perfectly duplicated. It's like his ancient ancestor..."
"Well we know...we know a couple of things from this letter then." Sherlock muttered. "A Mr. Trevor, he must be our mystery man. And if it was him on that billiard table with me, then it must be the man you were so worried about."
"Oh this lovely place." Sherlock grumbled, not sounding too enthused as he followed John up the staircase and onto the porch.
"Well ya! I was a graduate student not too long ago, and in my experience every single one of them had a posture that was only completed when their nose was stuck in the air. They're rotten and selfish, if not battling for GPA then merely battling about their family's money." Greg grumbled.
"I didn't." she sang a bit tauntingly. John sighed heavily, leaning up against the window and trying to see any defining landmarks. A mailbox may have been welcomed, or perhaps an aging iron gate to announce the mansion that could be looming behind the trees. These woods gave the impression that they were in the middle of nowhere, yet still the commute had not been nearly as long as his morning drive. And so, it was presumably closer to the university than was his current home. This little realization gave him yet another spark of hope, for he dared imagine a future where this was his new home. Perhaps he could flip it into something livable, and then stay himself? Make a home out of it, rather than stay cooped up in their little old house in the middle of the sprawl.
"Ya alright, I'm coming down!" John replied after a moment, and Mrs. Watson turned back to face Sherlock. For a moment they just looked at each other, for the woman still hadn't opened the screen door.
Mary demanded. John stopped, realizing of course that he hadn't yet mentioned that he would not be traveling alone. Oh well, there would be no denying it now.
"Yes, sorry. And I found this photograph, on the mantle. It hadn't been there when I first arrived, I would swear to that. But it was there the last time, and no one has been in there without me. I would've seen, if someone had put it there. But it appeared, and well..." John took a deep breath, his fingers trembling as he finally held the picture upside down for Sherlock to take. "See for yourself." Sherlock accepted it carefully, his fingers curling around the wood very gently, as if he knew enough to treat the frame with respect. As if he could feel its connection to the house, and therefore knew that he owed it some sort of reverence. He flipped it over, and John saw the moment his face lost what little color it had. Thankfully he didn't fall down, yet all the while his knees shook with the weight of the shock, and for a moment he could do nothing but stare, with his mouth hanging agape. He didn't seem to know what to do except gape, staring hard at the picture in amazement, transfixed as he looked upon his own eyes, and his own familiar gaze.
"Ya, I suppose we should check around again. See if it's left us any other surprises." John agreed with a sigh. Sherlock nodded, pulling himself heavily to his feet and dragging his feet through the driveway. He clung to the banister, as if his own body weight was becoming too much, and staggered into the house. John sighed, wishing that he had brought his flashlight. It was a cloudy day, with rain in the forecast, and the house was hardly getting any light at all. It was almost pitch dark inside, however Sherlock seemed to think that was some sort of blessing, and he staggered off to the sitting room without a word of farewell. John sighed, lingering at the banister of the staircase and watching as Sherlock shuffled away, too exasperated with that man to even ask what his plans were. John did a simple loop about the house, inspecting everything so as to make sure everything was up to par. In all honesty he didn't know what to expect, he didn't even know what he was looking for. However he understood that the house had the ability to leave him surprises, he knew that if it wanted to play with them more then it would do so willingly, and anxiously. Yet upon inspection John found nothing, nothing had been out of place, and so he started back downstairs into the sitting room. He was surprised to find Sherlock sprawled out on the couch, his trench coat hung over the side and his head smashed against one of the pillows that had been sitting there. His legs were long enough to hang over the edge of the couch, and yet he looked quite settled, as if he was comfortable enough to stay a while.
"You're taking Sherlock?" Mary exclaimed, storming over to John yet stopping short. She looked as if she had the potential to get violent, for her face had glowed bright red and her lips pursed into an unmistakably thin line. Yet she halted, seeming unwilling to strike her husband or to at least smack his bowl away.
Your letter brought a well needed smile to my face, for we are all not blessed with the fortunes of an inherited estate. The world of London is a nasty one, and the scum of the criminal class is just about as displeasing as might ever be. Yet it is a formidable enemy, one which I am determined to disrupt in my near future. You know my methods, of course, and know that I am a much needed consultant to these folks down in Scotland Yard. Dare they call themselves detectives...It is with a heavy heart that I admit I cannot leave with you, as tempted as I confess to being. I see myself in London more than I might have imagined, and a future here is surely fitting to my peculiar sort of lifestyle. I do wish you the best of luck in the tea business; lonely as you might grow there I do offer you my heart as extra baggage. You know it will not dare reside with anyone else, for I have yet to meet a gentleman who is any fraction as tolerable or as desirable as you. Oh how my cheeks flush just writing such a thing down in words! Words are much more permanent than thoughts, yet I declare my love to you in both forms, just to be sure you understand my legitimacy. Be well, dearest Victor, and keep me in mind in your future endeavors.
"Yes, yes, honey. I'm not blind." John reminded her, stepping out into the driveway and feeling something similar to excitement...or perhaps not. He felt something drawing him forward, yet with further consideration he couldn't call it excitement. There was a tugging within his stomach, one which reminded him more of reluctance. However it was coupled with a straining of his heart, one which was attempting to pull him closer to the doors where they stood closed and locked. The two feelings together, well it couldn't have been excitement. Perhaps purpose was a better word. Or rather Fate. He stared at the house and he knew it to be awfully familiar, even though he had never been here in person. Perhaps he seen this house before, maybe in life, maybe in a dream. This house, the way it loomed upwards with eyes like windows, staring down upon him with that glint of recognition...John knew in the depths of his heart that he had returned. Returned to what, he had no idea, but as he stepped towards the house he was certain that he had been here before.
"Make my excuses for me, Mr. Watson, if I don't wake up." Sherlock pleaded, and with that he rolled over so that his back was facing towards John. After a moment John couldn't decide if he was actually asleep or just a really good actor, and so John sighed as quietly as he could and went to sit on one of the armchairs that were positioned around the cold fireplace. He really did wish that it was warm in here; it would be a lot easier to sleep. Then again, just as the thought crossed his mind his head had already hit the chair, and within a moment, quite unintentionally, he fell straight to sleep as well.
"It's about ten minutes." John said with a shrug. He was lying, of course. Or at least he was exaggerating his estimations, considering he didn't have to estimate. The journey from the college to the house was twelve minutes and twenty seconds, give or take. Yet John didn't want to admit how he knew that, for it may come across as a little bit obsessive, or threatening.
"Are we...are we going to love each other?" Sherlock whispered nervously. John hesitated, though at last he shrugged his shoulders as if he could find no reason not to.
"When you say it like that it makes me feel foolish for chasing down my own happy ending." John admitted quietly.
"My only concern is that this house isn't supposed to be mine. Just look at the name! That ink seems to be older than I am! It certainly couldn't be left to me." John insisted with a small shake of his head.
"Perhaps the women in your life just know what's best for you, then." Mary suggested with her all-knowing little grin.
"I know. It was just wishful thinking, that's all." Sherlock admitted quietly. "No one's this cruel."
"It's five o'clock!" John exclaimed. Suddenly Sherlock's sleepy eyes narrowed into the expected look of fear, sitting up so rapidly that he almost smacked his head upon John's.
"And where is it that you're going then?" Reggie wondered, shutting the door behind him and leaning a bit heavily on the door frame.
"Well I appreciate your enthusiasm. But it's only a distinguished profession in school, I'm afraid. Come my professional years I'm sure I'll be stuck in some run down old lab testing cleaning products." Sherlock admitted with a little huff.
My heart might very well have stopped as my eyes scanned that letter, and it took quite a couple of tries so that I could finally finish the thing with breath still kept in my lungs. I could hardly believe what I was reading, a note which seemed so obscure it might very well have been written for some sort of cruel joke! Was this Holmes's way of punishing me for my curiosity, by laying fake documents around to startle me in such a way? Yet the letter appeared to be genuine, the creases were folded very poorly, yet very accurately so that they were beginning to tear, as if the thing had been opened and closed many a time in its duration. And the handwriting, well of course Holmes could feign a hand should it be of use to him, yet why would he go through the trouble...
"It um...well I do admit that I don't remember you ever using such romantic language. Yet I cannot deny that it appears to be your handwriting, if not in some sort of quill or calligraphy pen." Sherlock muttered in a very small voice.
especially not without a little sleep. What if we leave and it starts up again?" Sherlock whined defensively.
"Or maybe we're wrong about everything." Sherlock repeated once more, choosing now to ignore John's little comment and move on with their conversation. John nodded, leaning back in his chair and feeling a bit foolish. He realized once again just how big this dining room was, and how alone he and Sherlock really were. How it was just the two of them, sat on either side of a candelabra, on a calm and cloudless night. How they were sitting in this house, this house that fed them madness like a disease, and how they could still sit still. Perhaps it was just a nod to John's self-control, or perhaps Sherlock's lack of interest. Either way, there was something in play here, keeping them apart. Perhaps that force was just doubt, or shame, or guilt. All the same, as John looked across the entire house, knowing that they were alone and destined to stay that way, well it seemed almost silly that they might not allow themselves to venture a little closer.
"That's rather romantic for you, Professor." Sherlock commented. John blinked, yet he told himself that Sherlock must mean a different connation than he had at first assumed, and decided just to move on.
"How big did you say it was?" John wondered hopefully, looking for something to expect. Mrs. Hudson just gave a mysterious little chuckle, turning down an old road which was hardly paved, not seeming to mind the tires as she drove right through all of the potholes and cracks that had dug themselves into the dirt over years of neglect. The car jolted dangerously, causing John to reach up and grab the roof for some added support.
"Do you know how to...how to feed it?" Sherlock wondered apprehensively, beginning to find the baby's constant crying to be quite annoying. The survival of the human race was a lost cause, though he still felt rather entitled to keep this little thing alive. Perhaps it was better to let it die now; perhaps it would be more humane to let it have a natural, crowded death. A death quick enough that he would never remember, one that he would never fully comprehend. Sherlock rather envied him, now wondering why his parent's didn't just give up on him the moment they knew he would be doomed to a world such as this. Perhaps it would be considered rude, or unethical, to leave a little baby to starve. Then again, it was rather rude to leave a baby to grow up without seeing solid ground.
"Why can't we rent it? I'm sure there will be people out there who would love to rent a room! So they'd have to share a kitchen, but it's got enough space for all of those bedrooms to be filled with comfortable, happy occupants. I think that'll be a great way to get some more money." Mary offered excitedly. Yet the idea of renting that place out to strangers, who would leave their messes, and disrespect the house...well in fact the very idea of other people inside of the house left John nauseated. For whatever reason he felt defensive of the thing, as if the structure itself was one of his oldest, most exclusive friends. Certainly he couldn't invite people to live inside of it, no, the house wouldn't allow it either.
"And there were two other death certificates, written for the same day. I thought maybe you'd like to see them as well. It looks as though they were found in the same spots, though it doesn't say what was the cause of death." Mrs. Hudson said a bit quietly.
"Have you yet read the response?" he wondered carefully, walking slowly towards his chair yet not sitting down. Instead he stood next to the fire, staring into the flames as if it was easier to have an excuse to look away.
"No." Sherlock whispered back, pausing at the top of the stairwell and taking a deep breath, looking around the hallways with a quiet little smile. "Not in this life at all." His gaze had now settled on the door in front of him, the door closest to the hallway, which John had not been inside before. The door was closed, and yet John had seen it opened just once before. He had seen it opened once in his dream. This was the door in which the bed stood, this was the door depicted in his photograph...This was Sherlock's bed. This was his stage.
"I hate to argue, Professor, but if I may ask, would you have accepted it was real if I had admitted to being in your house? Because you seemed pretty set on my involvement." Sherlock pointed out with a gleam in his eyes.
"I'm sorry ma'am, but it's terribly urgent." Sherlock said quickly, afraid that she would make her exit soon. The woman lingered if only for a moment, sighing heavily with her hand still clenched firmly on the handle of the door.
"Indeed I have." Sherlock agreed, now straightening up in his chair as if he felt he needed to sit a bit prouder. "Perhaps my past self had been desperate enough to use looks for money, I myself value education, and patience as well. Waiting for the right person."
"I saw you leaving with that student." Greg pointed out, tapping his foot rather anxiously against the floor.
"Crazy." Sherlock admitted carefully. John moved then to another box, this one filled with candelabras of some sort. The next was filled with books, which was interesting since there was a perfectly big library upstairs.
"No, it's definitely not that." Greg assured with a little nod. "No way people like you better than me."
"You're not the only one with dreams, Sherlock. Not the only one." John pointed out. Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, taking a defensive step forward, his face now so flushed in anger that he looked as though he might burst. Yet just as he opened his mouth, just as he poised that accusing finger...
"Ya, and a house is just a house, right? Nothing supernatural about it at all." Sherlock mocked, sounding very unconvinced.
"I know, I'm sorry. Like I said I'm just...I'm preoccupied." John admitted finally, and with that he ascended the stairs to his bedroom, hoping to leave the conversation of the house behind him.
"Well, it's not crap per say, but it doesn't help us any bit either." Sherlock agreed, still examining the china. "You don't think we could bring this up, set the table?"
For a moment they were quiet, for John turned to pat Rosie on the head in greeting. The baby didn't seem to care much that he had reappeared, and so he turned back to Sherlock and gave him something of a little smile of encouragement. Sherlock nodded, shuffling his feet a bit uncomfortably and turning his gaze back onto Mary, who was just now uncorking a new bottle from the rack.
"A boy." Sherlock agreed, looking towards Mary's lifeless body and feeling a horrible pang of regret. Well surely that was the end of it. He stepped closer to the woman, where she lay with her eyes still open and her mouth stretched in an expression of pain. She was cold to the touch, though Sherlock was just able to set her eyes shut, to make her look a bit more restful. John was too occupied with the child to at first grieve for the woman's passing, though before long Sherlock was sure he would be in tears. There had hardly been love aboard this ship, mere acceptance. The loss of one of their own was not a personal pain, but a species wide defeat. Their last capable female had just died, surely dooming the population. The fourth generation, that little child wriggling in John Watson's arms...that was the last of them, wasn't it? That was the species doomed to die alone.
"Well, as with all things you can improve." Mary shrugged. "With drawing, and with fatherhood." John looked towards her immediately, so as to read her face for the emotions that went along with such a statement. Thankfully there was a teasing smile on her face, rather than the scowl he had been expecting, and so he knew with a breath of relief that she was joking. Well of course John could improve his fatherhood skills, yet all the same it really wasn't Mary's place to judge.
"If the present is at all similar to the past...well then I highly doubt it." Sherlock said mysteriously, shaking his head and going back to his examination of the room. John didn't want to ask what he meant by that, he didn't feel that the question was within his rights. And so he merely lingered near the door, feeling rather like a trespasser in this room. He felt as though he was not allowed to step foot inside, without someone's permission first. Sherlock merely walked in, for he needed no special permission. He seemed to understand that, all the while he knew of course that this wasn't his room to rule over. He was just a frequent guest. John's stomach turned at the thought, for whatever reason he didn't like the idea of Sherlock being some lady's lover. He didn't like the idea of a woman being so close to him...in fact he despised the fact. For whatever reason John felt a sort of protectiveness over Sherlock, even if his past self did get up to rather scandalous forms of entertainment. That seemed so distant from Sherlock now, that seemed just so unlike him.
"Ya...ya alright." John agreed rather nervously, pushing his mother out of the way so that he could open the screen door and admit Sherlock into the house. Sherlock smiled rather nervously at Mrs. Watson as he followed John up the carpeted stairs, smelling something like lasagna in the air as he dashed up out of the gaze of John's mother. They headed down a short hallway and arrived at John's room, or at least he could only imagine it was his bedroom, as it sported a bed and a closet and all the other telltale signs of being a bedroom. John lingered at the door and shuffled Sherlock through, closing it tightly and clicking the lock into place, seeming almost paranoid.
"Ya, ya we're just leaving now. I'm sorry dear, I really am. I'll just drop the student off and then I'll head straight home." John demanded.
"Ya, love you too." John agreed, and with that he ended the call, just to ensure she didn't have any other odd requests for him.
"You think we should give it a name?" John's voice wondered, followed quickly by his footsteps down the metal hall. Sherlock craned his neck, though fell back unimpressively and shrugged.
"Who's that?" she asked, with some curiosity and some interrogation. John sighed heavily, tucking the drawing away from Mary's eyes and shrugging his shoulders.
"Isn't that fancy? A whole new house- you could have two families then! One of them would have to know, of course, but you can just tell the other that you're going on a holiday and scamper on to your new wife, in your new house, whenever you get bored of the first." Greg suggested with a grin.
"I'm not trying to abandon you! God, I'm not trying to do anything. They want me for a bloody conference, some sort of science conference in Paris, where I have to meet with all sorts of people I don't want to meet with, and talk about things that I already know." John lied quickly. Well of course the story was fabricated but the anger was not. Oh if only he was going to a conference, how much easier would his life be! But no, he was going to collect the very man that would weigh down his entire life, and fill his eager heart with lead. Mary hesitated, yet all the while she followed John up to their bedroom, for obviously she had more questions to ask.
"I don't know." Sherlock admitted. "This is all so peculiar...it still almost feels like it's some sort of everlasting practical joke."
"I don't. In fact, I sort of wished I acted the same as you. Unfortunately I'm good at bottling up my emotions, and ignoring them completely. Ignoring the pain they bring." John admitted quietly.
"Alright then, keep your secrets." Greg decided with a sigh. John just laughed, spinning minutely in his chair and shaking his head.
"I'll be in meetings all day; certainly I can't take you now! Mary, over the summer we'll go somewhere excellent. We'll go to Paris; we'll go to Prague, wherever you want! But not now. Don't make me bring you across the channel just to ignore you the whole time!" John begged, taking one of his wife's hands and squeezing it gently to show his enthusiasm.
"Why not?" John asked immediately. Sherlock sighed, bringing his eyes to meet John's for the first time since that letter had been discovered. And John wanted to look away, he wanted so badly, with every muscle in his whole body, to just escape from this gaze! From that gaze like a magnet, making him want to lean closer and closer...yet he was unable to! He had to stare; he had to wait for that response.
John demanded, shaking his head flatly, and taking a step forward before taking a quick step back, remaining in his position and clutching his hands against each other in a state of shock. Sherlock didn't want to do this to him, no he felt as though this was not his death sentence to deliver. And yet it was necessary, was it not? John had to know, or he would undoubtedly die.
"Yes, says here there was a Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and a Mr. Victor Trevor. All three deaths on the same day, in the same house." Mrs. Hudson muttered. "Little bit funny, don't you think? I wish they gave more description."
"Ya, nothing of importance down here." he agreed with a sigh. And so together they lifted up the boxes of china, as carefully as they could considering its age and worth. They set the boxes in the kitchen, to be arranged when they had more time on their hands, and decided then to head upstairs and look for the attic. Surely it would be a more watertight place to keep their prized possessions, or rather a good spot to hide old family heirlooms. John knew that they would have more luck in the attic, that is if they were ever able to find it. And so they set up the stairs, knowing of course that the door would be on the top floor if it was hidden anywhere. John felt something of anticipation in his stomach, knowing that whatever they find in this attic may very well determine the course they were set to follow. If they really were here again, whether it be by the will of the house or of God, well then surely they were here for a reason! Was it to fulfil their destinies, or to rewrite their stories, to correct the mistakes they had made before? Was Sherlock destined to fall back into someone's arms, or was he here entirely to prove that he could make his way through life without living off of the pocketbook of a desperate, lonely man?
"Yes, I'll see you there." John agreed, to which Sherlock gave a stiff nod, looking over John once more before turning away and following the last of the straggling stampede. Already John looked at his watch, wondering just how long these three hours were going to manage to feel.
"I think the both of us have to work together on this, on all of it. And I think it's rather silly to just abandon our search because of an argument." John pointed out.
"Not if you do it right. But you won't know that until you're at least a year in, would you? Just you wait, John, soon all those pretty girls will look very tempting." Greg teased. John groaned, shaking his head and wondering to himself why he even thought telling Greg would be worth his time. He ought to have known that Greg would use the house to make fun of his new wedding ring. It had only been a couple of months since he had gotten married to Mary Morstan, and yet those months had still managed to be filled with love and commitment. The couple just had their first child together, a little newborn named Rosie, a beautiful baby with little wisps of blonde hair and the most adorable toothless smile. Now of course, this was the most delightful thing to ever happen to John, at least in his conscious recollection, all the while Greg constantly reminded him that a child was a weight, and a wife was the shackle. That man always did like to make fun of John for settling down, probably in his own denial of the miserable state of bachelor he had found himself in. Then again, Greg was too much of a playboy to settle down. He never got very far with his girlfriends, usually because he got bored of them within a couple of weeks. And because of that, it simply wasn't Greg's place to call John's love life a failure.
"Well that's pretty neat." Was all John could manage, scrolling down now to an address printed in blue font down at the bottom. "Paris? He lives in Paris?"
"Firewood." John announced with a smile, holding up a log in one hand and a little box of matches in the other. The matches were visibly old, they came in a tiny little carton and it was brown and worn with age. Yet it had been sitting alongside of the wood just where he knew it would be, just where he needed it to be.
"I don't know." Sherlock mumbled quietly. "But it would seem as though this house is playing tricks on you."
"Well you haven't got any freedom now, whether you like it or not. This house is your child, and your parent. It's your shackle to this town, to this place." John warned, with a touch of offense in his voice. He really didn't like getting criticized for taking the path most traveled. He didn't want to listen to Sherlock telling him that there was any other way to go, even if he did have a point in his words. John didn't want to hear someone else taking Greg's side, and mocking him for settling down.
"It depends how well you convince me, then. How well you spin your argument of delirium." Sherlock decided, folding his legs and leaning a bit theatrically in his chair. John wondered if he had always lounged about in such a state, and he had just been too stupid to realize.
"Well, you could always just abandon me I suppose. I've got no power against that." he shrugged. John sighed heavily, leaning against the wall and tapping his fingers a little bit angrily against his leg.
"Is it gone for you too?" John called out to him. Sherlock sighed, opening his eyes and finally pulling himself to his feet.
"Because you were screaming last night, and thrashing all about. I thought it best not to wake you, and it stopped after a minute or so. Yet you looked scared, John. Really scared." Mary murmured nervously, as if she was very afraid to ask just what it was that was haunting John in his dreams. It was the house, of course...last night he had dreamt that he returned to the house, and that the statues had come to life. That as John moved up towards his room, the statues followed, walking with quiet, hallow footsteps, tracing his every step and creeping just out of his sight. Yes, it had been terrifying. John could understand why he might have been screaming.
Greg pointed out. John saw that he was smiling, and yet he wasn't entirely sure if Greg was joking or not. Most of John's common sense said no, that Greg's inquiries, however stupid they were, were serious. He was actually doubting his friend's loyalty and his sexuality. That only made John all the more embarrassed.
together never did anything along those lines. It was just; well it was just our past selves. Nothing they did means anything." Sherlock insisted. John nodded, for really what was he supposed to do? Hopefully Sherlock couldn't tell that he was housing his own fantasies in his head, hopefully Sherlock was too optimistic in the nature of men to realize that all the while Sherlock defended their past selves John was instead envying them. It wasn't weird because it happened; it was weird because he wanted it to happen again.
"Excuses, excuses. You were fantasizing; I saw it in your eyes." Greg teased. John sighed heavily, shaking his head but deciding that it was probably in his own best interest that he stopped arguing all together. There was no point in fighting Greg, especially after Greg had made up his mind. He would see all too soon, why this picture was such an enigma. And so John ignored Greg for the time being, and instead stuck his head out to watch the passerby. He knew that Sherlock would be among them, as he had been before. They both had twelve fifteen classes in this very building, yet those classes could wait. Those classes were not nearly as important as the house they were both now trying to figure out. Finally John saw Sherlock's face in the crowd, the face that seemed to draw his gaze like a magnet. John was quite sure that he could never miss that man, and once their eyes were locked he was sure that he could never look away. What an odd attachment the two of them had, without knowing each other at all! What an odd sort of destiny they seemed to share. John waved him down, for of course just as John could always spot Sherlock, Sherlock undoubtedly could always spot John. And the boy nodded, making his way through the crowd of people a lot more peacefully than he had during his first trip to John's office.
"Aw John, can't reach?" Sherlock teased, patting his head as you would with a dog. John growled, pushing him away and folding his arms a bit moodily.
"Well yes, because if you had been in there it would've made sense. But no, now I'm sure my eyes are just playing tricks on me." John grumbled, shaking his head and leaning slightly against the door, as if he was afraid that along with his crumbling mental state his legs would also give way soon enough. The boy, however, seemed to be growing more and more excited.
"Oh man, such extremes!" Greg yelled with a laugh, to which John apprehensively shushed him, turning his eyes towards the closed door and listening hard for any approaching, angry footsteps.
"Oh I think it was just about ten." John debated, shaking out his legs a bit obnoxiously so as to make it look like he was stretching them. In reality, he almost certainly looked like a fool.
"And yet it did, John it did!" Sherlock insisted, starting to get a little bit annoyed at John's game of denial. Why couldn't he realize the severity of Sherlock's diagnosis?
"Oh come on, this isn't some horror movie. No one keeps old newspapers for that long." John scoffed, rolling his eyes in annoyance and getting up to his feet rather sharply.
"Oh we were so ever grateful to have you." John said with a little grin. "I'm sure everyone was grateful to have you."
Sherlock shuttered, his voice stalling now just before the signature. "Signed John Watson." He finished finally. John fell back upon the bed with a groan of agony, scratching about his cheeks as if that might keep them from blushing up in his shame.
"Holmes, how can you explain such a letter?" I asked quickly, turning so that I might face the almost unrecognizable expression of my friend. His entire persona may have very well changed in my eyes, for while I had always taken him to be a cold and emotionless man, well it would appear as though this Victor Trevor knew him to be something much different. Someone who he might dare confess his love to...oh what had I unearthed, and what parts of it might be the truth, and what might be falsified? My stomach twisted anxiously for Holmes's response, yet still he stared at me with stern yet surprisingly emotional eyes, which now housed what I might detect as embarrassment, concern, and above all...sadness. Regret.
"That house is nothing to fear, Sherlock." John insisted, yet all the same he felt that same sort of press upon his chest, the one which took over when he was lying. That house was something to fear, that house was a force in itself, a vengeful being. Yet Sherlock just hummed, making no move to agree or disagree. He merely nodded, and went to looking out the window in that same sort of mood, that distant mood, in which John could tell he was lost in thought.
"Not your picture? No, just holding on to it for someone else? All the while staring at it, and keeping it on your desk? My God, aren't you married to a
"But this can't be happening to me." John whispered, shaking his head ever so gently before holding his hand up to wipe away the first tear that fell down his cheek. Sherlock gave a great sigh of regret, rushing up to him to no protest. John flinched when he took his hands and yet he didn't pull away, no he wasn't stupid enough to deny this any longer. His fingers were smooth and yet they were trembling, suddenly he was overcoming his denial and was beginning to realize what was happening now. He was beginning to fear death as he should.
"I love ghost stories." The boy said instinctively, yet John waved him off indifferently. "My name's Sherlock, by the way. I'm studying chemistry."
"How old are you, Sherlock?" Mary asked, walking around the counter and widening her eyes while waiting for a response. Sherlock looked just a little bit taken aback, as if he was worried she doubted his intellectual abilities by asking his age.
"What's that?" Sherlock asked excitedly, recovering now from the shock of another suspected attack and moving in on the key.
"What for?" John wondered in a nervous sort of voice, staring at Sherlock as if he wasn't sure he wanted the answer.
When Monday came John couldn't be happier to get out of his house. It wasn't as though he didn't like to be there, for it was always lovely to bounce his daughter on his knee or read her bedtime stories while her little eyes were already shut. However it was Mary, that woman who was lingering so horribly close to him, her eyes following him if she could not do it herself. Well it was annoying, she was hanging over him like a weight, and beginning to ask all of these interesting questions that he couldn't really answer without revealing his interesting past. He didn't want her anywhere near that house, nor did he want her to come within eyeshot of Sherlock Holmes any longer. Both of those beings were John's own, his property, the things of his past that he did not want to share with things of his present. He told himself that he was being secretive for Mary's own good; he told himself that he was doing the right thing by ensuring she didn't feel any lesser. For she would know immediately that she was unimportant, she would know immediately that she was nothing to John, not even his true soulmate. Merely a woman who would get him from one stage of his life to the other, knowing full well that she would be left behind once his true destiny began. John didn't want Mary to have to live with that, and so he decided that it was better for her to guess, rather than know for sure that she was about to be abandoned. And let her speculate, let her assume the worst! For surely the worst was handled much easier when there was no firm confirmation. That was what she was worried about, an affair, certainly. Well of course John's night spent at the house was all the reason in the world to worry about a love affair, and yet it really was the worst kind. For John had handed his heart over to Sherlock, whether or not he realized it his entire life was dedicated to that man, his love had left this household and had followed him to the house. It was waiting there for Sherlock to return, for their lives to fall back together as they had been all those years ago. His love was waiting to be received, surely by the man who had received it before. And yet it would be the worst sort of pain, for a wife to discover that her husband was struggling now with unrequited love. For it was much easier to stomach the idea that a man had been swept off of his feet by some beautiful woman, someone who would smother him in kisses and seduce him effortlessly. It was much more difficult to fathom that John's heart was gone, even without a willing recipient! That he could love someone so emotionally, without even the psychical aspect to go along with it! For John was in love with Sherlock in every aspect of the word, and the more he pondered it the more he discovered just how invested he was in that man! Oh, and just like the idea of reincarnation, all of these things that might have been completely unconceivable had just fallen into his life as if he had expecting them! The idea of another life, another love, well he had just accepted them before he even acknowledged them! Truly all of this was meant to happen, all of this really must have been just...destiny. And so when Monday came, John was ready. He was feeling the loss of Sherlock, even if it had been just for one day. There was something of a withdrawal, the pain coming purely from the anticipation of seeing him again. Perhaps it was madness; or rather it was merely a strong dependency. Sherlock may now be the beacon of his happiness, of his hope, and of his love. Perhaps John was just beginning to miss having his own heart in his chest, and he wanted to see it as soon as he possibly can. Well, that opportunity arrived rather well.
