After the initial introductions, they had all sat down to eat. John had glanced at an empty chair, wondering if they were going to wait for anyone else, but everyone had started tucking in without hesitation.
Sherlock is still watching him with that blank intensity. He leans his face forward. John’s eyes flutter as warm, minty breath hits his face and he can’t help but tilt his own head upwards slightly.
The first thing Sherlock does when they get home is try to down a pint glass full of water. John lets him gulp down half of it before snatching it out of his hands.
Sherlock shoots him a venomous look that startles John. He hadn’t meant the comment as a dig, but Sherlock seems to have taken it as such regardless.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything in response to this, not admitting nor denying the accusation. He pauses on a channel and chucks the remote onto the coffee table, settling back into the cushions.
homeless person in London, but he didn't comment. John started walking slowly towards the child again, holding up a hand when Sherlock moved to follow.
and so on and so forth until Sherlock had thrown an empty glass in Johns general direction and stormed away into the bathroom, slamming the door so hard the hinges creaked.
“One year, eight months and six days.” Sherlock murmurs into his ear. John swallows hard. The time frame doesn’t go unnoticed.
After brushing his teeth, and giving his boots a quick scrub that he definitely will never admit to Sherlock, John slides into the large bed with a sigh of content. The sheets are soft, the duvet and pillows fluffy and full.
“Something was keeping me up.” Sherlock steps into the room, stopping just shy of John’s knees where he is sat on the sofa.
the gaze of those mismatched eyes on his face. Sherlock’s lips part and he darts his tongue out for a moment to swipe across his plump bottom lip. Neither move, a hidden force holding them back and away from each other. John’s hands twitch on the wood behind him, desperate to move forward but not allowing himself the indulgence. Not when Sherlock is standing there so very very still.
Dennis The Fish was, unsurprisingly, deceased when they arrived home four days later. They held a little funeral for him in the bathroom and then Sherlock proceeded to sulk in silence on the sofa for the rest of the day. He later blamed his mood on the fact he had lost his watch in the lake he had dived into when retrieving the family's jewelled heirloom, but John had noticed Sherlock staring at the empty fishbowl on the unit miserably when he thought John couldn't see him. John smiled sympathetically and then put the empty bowl in the back of the cupboard under the sink when Sherlock wasn't looking.
Sensing his weakness, the old woman narrows her eyes at the boy and gradually raises the pin into the air.
When John awoke next, the sun was pouring into his room through the windows and he had pretty much forgotten everything that had happened the night before. He sighed and rolled over in bed, feeling not
Victor lets out a not-so-subtle sigh of relief. Eurus picks up a knife and starts buttering a slice of toast with deliberate care.
John catches himself from pitching forward into him, raises his head and laughs helplessly as Sherlock winces with an irritated look, rubbing at the back of his skull as he struggles to sit upright.
Acting on impulse, John slips out of bed and trots quietly downstairs. It’s dark, all the lights are off and there is now silence behind Sherlock’s door. John pauses, at a loss. Now he is here, he has no idea how to proceed. He raises his hand to knock on the door and stops just before his hand makes contact with the solid wood. What is he doing? It’s nearly 2am. What if Sherlock was simply rolling over in bed, fast asleep? John would be even more of a dick if he went and woke the man up simply to satisfy his own sense of guilt. His raised fist uncurls and John rests his hand gently on the cool wood.
Sherlock doesn’t reply for a second before saying in a rush, “No, of course you can! That isn’t what I meant, not at all, I just wasn’t expecting you-But it’s fine! I mean, it’s nice to see you. I just…” he trails off, noticing he’s rambling and promptly snaps his jaw shut.
Sherlock’s hands grip hard onto the edge of the sink behind him, tilting his head back with a deep groan that sounds too-loud in the echo of the bathroom. He reaches out with one hand and quickly slaps it over John’s mouth as if
John sinks lower into the seat, flicking through the channels absently. He isn’t stupid, he’s well aware how all this sounds. Sometimes, he allows himself a moment or two to really contemplate his exact feelings for Sherlock, and other times (the majority) he swats them aside like a wayward fly. But watching Sherlock…
Encouraged by his lack of response, she shifts closer and raises her other hand to grip onto the back of John’s neck. Her eyes are a bit manic as she leans forward. “You’re such a good man John, a good man,” Her breath ghosts over his face and John can see clumps of dried mascara in her tear ducts. “We don’t deserve these people in our lives.”
“I knew that already.” John complained, thinking of the young and shifty sales assistant who had only worked with them a couple of times that week.
“Not too late,” the girl replies smoothly to her mother's back. A second later she drops her hand and moves around the table over to Victor, brushing her hands at him in a ‘shooing’ motion until he rolls his eyes and slides into the chair next to him, shoulders a bit hunched. She takes Victor’s vacated seat and turns to John deliberately with those unnerving pale eyes, almost identical to Sherlock’s.
Sherlock had never promised John anything in that front) or by the man’s easy and eager press of foreign bodies against his. Bodies that didn’t belong to
The first time this happened, Sherlock had curled up in a fetal position on the sofa, heart aching in a way long-forgotten, and was utterly convinced he would never see the doctor again. Then, hours later, John had swung back into the flat, smelling of alcohol and sweat, had stumbled into the kitchen to turn on the kettle before padding into the living room and stopping short.
“John, do not be silly. I will make you some tea!” He exclaimed mightily, gliding out into the kitchen.
John smiles down at the soapy water beneath him, Sherlock’s matter-of-fact answer drifting clearly over to him.
A throat cleared behind him and John jumped slightly, turning towards the sound. The officer was looking at them a bit pointedly, a vague look of amusement playing around his mouth.
A comfortable silence ensued as John carefully thought out what he was about to say. The words were just forming on his lips, when Sherlock took the words straight out of his mouth.
It never happened. So Sherlock made a habit of reminding himself that the John he could see wasn't real.
Turning in his bed, the sound of his hair against the pillow momentarily blocking out the beautiful music, and leaning towards the clock on his bedside cabinet, John saw that it was in fact 3:08am. John flopped back onto his pillow, closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, breathing deeply as he tried to bottle his frustration. This clearly wasn’t happening, so he kicked his legs out of the bed, and jerkily swung his body around so he ended up in a sitting position on the edge of his bed. It was pitch black, apart from the tiny sliver of light that was slipping through the gap that the slightly open door left.
He honestly wasn’t trying to insult John when he’d said those things about being more important than Mary. He just thought that he’d give John the push he needed, and would ensure that he wasn’t fixating on Sherlock when he was supposed to be taking care of his wife. He knew that no-one was more important in John’s life than Mary – it was never even a question.
Mycroft had sounded so sincere, it made John’s chest tighten. No, they did not deserve this. And yet here they were. John did not dwell on the ambiguity of Sherlock’s safety. His priority now was Mary.
"Not for lack of trying, John. It's been nearly a year, and I still find myself unable to do anything."
As Sherlock opened his eyes, John was gone, but that was okay. Sherlock wiped away his tears, smiling now. He opened the door, and walked towards his new life with Jason, but it was okay. Her knew John would always be here.
John simply marveled at her and Mary walked across the room and into the kitchen. She smiled up at him, and picked up one of the half-cups of tea. She was smiling as she drank it, and the flat once again was consumed by silence, although this time, it was more comfortable. Mary looked at her watch and  - noticing the time - drained her cup. She moved into the living room and put her red coat back on again. John reached out, and caught her hand.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Her now empty hand reached up to stroke through John’s hair and he leaned into the touch. They sat there, shoulder to shoulder, Mary’s hands still stroking John’s grey-blonde hair.
Help came quickly in the form of a sleek, black helicopter. They bundled John into it gracelessly, more focused on getting him to proper medical attention as soon as possible.
“Something happened today that scared me. I was walking around and someone dropped papers from their window, and it created this huge storm cloud of white, and it just reminded me of the smoke. I started to cry right there in the streets.”
Sherlock put his coat on and wrapped his beloved scarf. He looked around the living room of Baker Street, so full of memories, and knowing that this was likely to be the last time he came here. He was starting a new life with Jason.
More movement of pen on paper, a few photographs were taken. The next person stood up. Clearly, everyone was waiting their turn to ask their burning questions.
"Well, I knew him back then, he would still turn up to crime scenes and insult our intelligence in every way possible.” He laughed wryly, and even John couldn’t help a chuckle escape him at the memories of Sherlock insulting NSY on numerous occasions. “But now it's different. He came back a few months ago, but he doesn't act like he did back then."
"I just want to make sure he's okay. I mean, for all we know he could be shooting up behind our backs." Greg shot him a panicked look. "No, Greg, I'm not saying he is. You forget that I'm a doctor, I've been keeping an eye out for the signs of a relapse. He's clean, I'm sure. I'm just saying, if he were, we wouldn't know."
Sherlock opened his home to John; he shared his space, his work, his mind. He gave John his music, his knowledge, and the thrill of he chase. Sherlock knew it wasn't much, but he offered it up to John, and John shared it with him, became a part of his space, his work, infiltrated his mind, his thoughts. He smiled whenever Sherlock played specifically for John. He seemed genuinely interested in what knowledge Sherlock had to share, and he never laughed at him, or called him a freak. He used words like 'amazing', 'fantastic' and 'brilliant', and he meant them sincerely.
He gasped in a breath he did not realise he had been depriving himself of. John was alive, John was here, John was hurt.
“Surely your team could handle that?” John interrupted. Sherlock turned to look at him. He was now stood behind Mrs Hudson, one hand on each of her shoulders, her left arm was reaching up to hold his right hand, a defensive position. “Just get hold of the CCTV footage and see if-”
John shuffled his feet and looked quickly around the room. It was well furnished, with expensive looking paintings on the wall, and Persian rugs on the polished wooden floors. It smelled like exotic, oriental spices and tea. There was not a speck of dust to be found anywhere, and John was sure that it would be the same throughout the entire house. The man who let John in clearly prided himself on tidiness and the presentation of the house. It was nice, but it didn’t have the same feeling as Baker Street. It didn’t feel lived in, loved, looked after. It was a house, but not a home. It was cold, and unwelcoming. Exactly like the man who inhabited it. The man who at that moment in time, opened the door to John’s left.
“Most people are to you.” John remarked. The two men shared a short laugh, reminding them of the times they had spent laughing together before the fall. Sherlock’s eyes found the ashtray, still on the small table that separated him from John. He allowed himself to stare at it for a few moments, but quickly returned to his explanation when he could feel Johns eyes burning into him, watching his every move.
“Mycroft believes that it is his duty to interfere with my life. He may come across as concerned, but growing up he was cold, manipulative and opinionated, and he has not changed over all these years. Do not let him fool you into distrusting me John. Your trust is the only thing I value as much as my own intellect.”
With extraordinary effort, John managed to open his eyes, only to be instantly assaulted by a blinding light. He blinked a few times as he adjusted, and a shadow moved across his vision helpfully blocking the intrusive light.
Every eye in the room was trained on him, looking expectant. “Sorry, what?” he asked, looking quizzically at his best friend, also staring at him. A young woman sat three rows back stood up and cleared her throat.
“That’s not important, John.” Sherlock broke eye contact with the doctor, choosing to address the skull with this particular statement.
John looked around him. The weather did seem to be worsening, his clothes already sticking to him from the dampness acquired by the drizzle, and in all honesty, he didn’t think that the carrier bags would make it all the way back, and he’d rather not risk it. He gave a reluctant sigh and ducked into the car. He placed his bags between Anthea and himself. She would not mind. John knew from experience that these trips tended to proceed in complete silence. The car was warm and comfortable, a combination not often provided by the standard London taxi service.
“What did you argue with Mycroft about?” John did not bother to ask how Sherlock knew what had happened.
Sherlock had no idea what was happening. It was an odd sensation, not one he was used to and not one he wanted to feel again.
"What about me?" It came out a little more harshly than John was expecting, and sounded incredibly accusing. He hoped Mary didn't pick up on it.
Lestrade was at his desk, Sally Donovan leaning over his shoulder as they sorted through a seemingly endless pile of papers and reports that were laid out before them.
“You can’t leave me again John. I thought I’d lost you. I thought I’d lost you. I can’t lose you John, please.”
“And what makes you think I am not decent company Mrs Watson?” He held out his hand and Mary immediately took it. She shoved him playfully with her shoulder and John kissed her temple. They continued to tease each other for the duration of their walk back to Baker Street, by which time, John was in a considerably better mood.
"The soles of a shoe worn by a person putting up a struggle against something, presumably the man who were abducting him, digging his heels in to try and stop the attack."
"Option two?" John continued, ignoring Sherlock's continued attempts at interrupting him, and choosing to ignore his own emotional outburst like a true Englishman, choosing to turn from feelings in favour of a cup of tea as he got up to switch the kettle on.
“John, I’m not going to dictate to you how to take care of my little brother, we cold be here for days and I’m sure Mrs Hudson wouldn’t appreciate you standing her up for dinner tonight.” So, Mycroft knew that as well. John did not question this, as he had learnt not o question things when it came to the oldest Holmes brother, but just to take it in his stride and let the moment pass. “I’m just telling you to be careful. Keep an eye on Sherlock. It could be dangerous in his position, and we don’t want history to repeat itself.”
“Never mind,” John chuckled to himself. He was sure he could tell this woman anything, but she wouldn’t hear him – too wrapped up in her gadgetry.
John was not a selfish person, he never had been. But just for today, he allowed himself the indulgence of forgetting, and focused simply focused on Sherlock - talking with Sherlock, laughing with Sherlock, just being here with Sherlock.
John burst into laughter, his giggles echoing around Sherlock's mind, because that is where they existed.
“You don’t give her enough credit, not even nearly enough,” commented the doctor, bringing Sherlock back to the present.
As the taxi pulled up at 221B, John’s eyes were blinking madly as he attempted to keep them open. Sherlock let out a long sigh, hooked his arms around John’s waist and moved John’s arm so it was slung over his shoulder. He managed to manoeuvre himself and John out of the taxi, paid the cabbie and started to move John up the stairs towards the door. He hadn’t retrieved his key yet, so had to knock on the door with the semi-unconscious John still hanging from his tall frame.
He trailed feather light kisses up the side of John’s neck and felt the man stir in his arms. He continued his trail across John’s cheek, and he felt John turn to meet him, their lips coming together like two pieces of a puzzle, a perfect fit. They stayed there, cocooned in their own happiness as London woke up around them. They could hear the car engines and the pedestrians on the street, but for now, the only concentrated on each other.
“Sherlock, if you don’t understand why I need to know, then you clearly don’t know me as well as you think you do. Please just tell me. I need to know.”
"Very slight pulmonary laceration, there's a tear along his lung where the bullet just skimmed it as it entered through his back. Several broken ribs, one of which stopped the bullet from exiting which we've tried our best to reposition in the best way to let them heal and several broken ribs. He'll make a full recovery provided he's on bed rest for at least two weeks and there may be slight scarring over his lungs, he was very lucky. He laceration was only small, so it'll most likely heal by itself. The most trouble we had was getting the bullet out of the rib it was embedded in without causing damage to any other vital organs."
“You were attracted to me, and now that’s changed. I don’t understand it and I can’t figure it out so I’m asking you. Why?”
“That’s a load of rubbish.” When Sherlock looked down at Molly, he could see the absolute sincerity in her eyes. She truly did not believe him to be a sociopath, and for some reason, this made him smile internally. Externally, he was still trying to breath like a normal human being, and failing. Molly grabbed an extra stool for him and forced him down by his shoulders, once again proving that there was more to the pathologist that meets the eye. She allowed Sherlock a few moments to collect himself before speaking again.
Lestrade ran his hand through his silver hair, obviously stress was high and tensions were mounting.
Two weeks away did not cause John to forget what he'd heard. He had definitely heard Sherlock tell him that his wedding had reminded Sherlock of his own.
“Unnecessary, John, we have a case to solve,” Sherlock turned back to the wall of evidence, sidestepping Sergeant Carter to get closer to it.
John reflected on his first encounters with Mycroft. Mycroft had not seemed overly enthusiastic about John’s presence in Sherlock’s life, so why the change?
“I called in a favour with Mrs Hudson. She’s going to watch him for a while so we can take a walk, you need space and fresh air.”
“Lestrade’s already explained to you how I apprehended the assassins so if you bothered to listen you would already know…”
Mycroft stared at him with such an intensity that it almost made John feel uncomfortable. Almost – the man had lived with Sherlock for God’s sake.
John didn't drink anymore than the two he had when he'd first sat down with Greg, who'd had significantly more than two, but years of endurance practice ensured that the man was very capable at holding his drink. The match that the whole pub had seemed so emotionally invested in appeared to be over, and the fans had trickled out slowly as he and Greg continued to chat about everything and nothing. Only a few people remained behind now, a few regulars, a group of men whose team had obviously been victorious - if their drunken rendition of 'We Are The Champions' was anything to go by - and himself and Greg.
John didn’t know how long they had stood there, but soon, the exhaustion began to creep in. He’d run out of tears long before, but the shaking hadn’t stopped. They hadn’t moved an inch, Sherlock still forming a protective, comforting barrier between John and the outside world, as if it could shield him from all the pain and heartbreak that Sherlock knew that John didn’t deserve.
“John! We’ll lose him!” John sped up, running faster than he ever thought he could. One foot in front of the other. The light from his torch was dancing all over the walls as he struggled to keep it steady in an attempt to keep up with Sherlock. His throat was on fire, he needed air. But they needed to catch the killer more. John continued to race after Sherlock, who was always just a few paces in front. The murderer turned round a corner. John saw Sherlock’s coat whip around at the sudden change of direction before…
John could feel the colour drain from his face. It was a good thing he was already sitting down because he didn’t think his legs would have been able to support him. He felt like the air had been rushed from his lungs and that his skin was simultaneously covered in fire and ice. He couldn’t force air to move into his body. He was frozen, paralysed. First Sherlock, and now Mary - his beautiful, strong, perfect Mary.
John had noticed that once a month Sherlock would leave the flat for an entire day with no explanation. The first Sunday of every month. He'd asked, of course, but to no avail. Sherlock was a naturally secretive person, but even this is beyond his normal levels of secrecy. Whenever Sherlock returned from this day of solitude, he seemed very closed off and would neither speak to John, nor acknowledge his presence in any way.
Now her brows furrowed in confusion and her eyes moved downwards towards the floor, the direction they always went when she was trying to figure something out.
The surgeon walked away after giving Mycroft the number of the private room John was being moved to, understanding that this was a lot for someone to take in nod understood if he didn't get a reply.
John sat back in the chair after releasing a breath that he didn’t realise he had been holding, still maintaining his grasp on his detective’s hand, his thumb carefully circling Sherlock’s knuckles before brining it to his lips to place a tender kiss there. John wanted to kiss Sherlock properly, but he had to be content with this, at least for now.
"Tut tut, Sherlock. I thought it'd just be you and me again." Moriarty stopped the song as he spoke, just before Sherlock began to rip his hair out. Since their encounter in the cab, 'Staying Alive' made his skin crawl and his head swim. Moriarty let out a long, dramatic sigh before standing up to face the consulting detective and the army doctor, the two contrasting extremely as they stood next to each other, shoulder to shoulder. Well, nearly - height difference was a bitch sometimes, especially when trying to present as a united front, but there was nothing that could be done. "Ah well. Shall we begin, boys? A game with three players was always more interesting than a game with two."
It had taken John over an hour to convince Sherlock to sit down. The man was a bundle of energy, which hadn't been especially helpful to the doctors examining him.
“Sherlock, you don’t need to explain. You’re here now, and that’s what matters.” John said this only half-heartedly. Of course it mattered, but John was never one to cause a fuss.
Sherlock turned back to the screen. “I’ve been reading through your blog, John.” John noticed the use of his first name, and made a mental note to thank Mary the next time he saw her – or better yet, buy her something as a thank-you present, preferably with a large price tag, she deserved it. “I’ve been trying to find some of my lost memories. I found your blog on your laptop and decided to read it, incase it catalyzed the process of regaining my memory.”
John had tried to follow him one day. As soon as Sherlock put his his great grey coat and his navy blue scarf was wrapped snugly around his neck, John had reached for his own coat. But as he'd tried to walk out of the door, Sherlock had simply turned to John and stared at him, brows furrowed, as if he was confused as to why John was trying to follow him. John didn't even try to push the issue further, and allowed Sherlock to leave. Of course he was curious. But even though Sherlock had a problem respecting John's privacy, John prided himself on his respect for other people's boundaries.
"Go on then," he taunted, "shoot me. It's what I'd do Sherlock. Become me. Become the psychopath. Or the hero, whatever angle you choose to look at this."
"Holding up, I guess.” John sighed and thought there really wasn’t any point in lying to Lestrade. He was the closest friend John had at the moment. Maybe it was the alcohol, but John felt like he really needed to vent to someone. “Just about ready to break, you know?"
“Because I love you,” she said simply, smiling at him and sending waves of warmth throughout John’s body. “Come on, we should get back. There’s a genius back in Baker Street who’s in need of some decent company.” She jumped up from the bench.
He waited until John had completely stopped. He wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his jumper, took a few deep breaths, eyes closed, obviously trying to regain some sense of control. It took a few minutes, during which, both men sat in total silence, apart from the occasional sniff on John's behalf. At last, the man straightened up in his chair and opened his eyes, looking at Sherlock full in the face.
“Mrs Wat- Mary, if you will allow me to speak to you in private, I can explain everything. I do not wish to intrude on your home life for long, I know that John wants to spend every minute he can with you. But if I could just borrow you for only a few minutes, I would be extremely grateful.” Mary looked at Sherlock, and an understanding seemed to flow through them. John watched Sherlock carefully. What on Earth could he possibly want Mary for? He turned to look at Mary, waiting for her reply.
Greg had kept his fury buried deep under the surface, focusing instead on the fact that John Watson was alive, and Sherlock was with him, just as they always should have been. But he promised himself that if he ever saw the smug, smarmy face of a certain government official, he wouldn’t hold himself back.
Sherlock had been there when John woke up, just as he’d promised he would. He hadn't slept at all the previous night, he'd just sat in his chair, not moving, thinking. He'd even attempted to make breakfast for both of them. John had been impressed with the food Sherlock had prepared. But this was because John was unaware that whilst he was showering, Sherlock had recruited the help of Mrs Hudson once again.
He waited patiently on the tarmac for the Watsons to arrive, knowing full well that this would be his last conversation with them. A heavily pregnant Mary reached him first. They exchanged pleasantries before she moved aside so John could take her place. Sherlock dismissed his brother, pleading to let him have some privacy during their final moments together. Mycroft knew what Sherlock was planning to do; he knew Sherlock was finally going to tell John. After a quick look of surprise, Mycroft lead himself and Mary away from the two men so they could talk in peace.
He heard the footsteps before he saw the people. There were four of them. One was Lestrade, who beckoned for the other three – paramedics by the look of their uniform - to move forward. Two of them were carrying a stretcher between them. They placed it on the ground next to Sherlock and lifted him onto it. Sherlock’s hand fell over the side and hung limply in the air as they lifted the stretcher up. It made John think of a ragdoll, so lifeless. Sherlock looked vulnerable, and this is what upset John more than anything. Sherlock was a constant source of strength that John relied on. And now, he wasn’t even waking up.
“It doesn’t matter, he’s Sherlock. It’s what he does. Why would he stop just because you told him?” The two broke apart, trying to cover up even more laughter.
“Sherlock?” John was cautious, the last thing they needed was for Sherlock to lose his temper. He touched the shaking arm of his best friend. Sherlock visibly relaxed at the touch, and closed his eyes. He grasped John’s arm tightly, nearly cutting off his circulation. “Sherlock, breathe. Just like we did before.”
John was so engrossed in his memories of this room, of these very chairs, that he did not notice that Mycroft had moved into his field of vision until he had cleared his throat. He looked up at the man that was supposedly the British government, who was looking back at him with something that closely resembled pity. But that was ludicrous. Mycroft Holmes did not do pity.
"No, it really wouldn't." John pinched the bridge of his nose and breathed deeply. Sherlock watched John's external sign of an internal struggle, and waited patiently for him to continue. "Sherlock, it nearly killed me to lose you last time. I was so convinced it was my fault, that there was something I could have done but hadn't. I'm not letting you go alone. If I can help in any way at all, even if it's jumping in front of bullet-"
Sherlock felt his heart swell slightly, even after a week of no contact after quite possibly the biggest question he could ask Jason was still worried about his wellbeing.
"He told us you would say this." They exchanged looks, and the taller of the two, and more heavily built, reached his hand into the front of his jacket.
Molly’s head snapped up and she stared wide eyed at him. Clearly, this was still the first time she’d ever heard him admit out loud that he was confused and out of his depth.
“What’s got you so pleased?” John had asked him one evening as Sherlock paced back and forth across the length of the living room.
“Just leave it, Greg,” said John, just as Lestrade opened his mouth. “Sherlock was bound to do it anyway, so what’s the point in even trying?”
“He’s still breathing, his heart’s still beating, he’s still alive.” John reminded himself under his breath. The third paramedic, whom John had neglected to pay attention to, wrapped something around John before easing him up from the alley floor and propelling him forward. John’s eyes never left Sherlock. He could hear noise coming from the four people around him, but he did not even register what they were saying, his only concern was his best friend.
“Well, I best be off. You seem to have made a promising start, but you know what they say, the road to recovery is a long and difficult one.” John tried not to think about the double meaning, focusing entirely on the recovery of Sherlock’s memory, and not Sherlock’s possible relapse. John didn’t move as Mycroft walked out of the flat. He remained in his armchair, thinking. He could hear Sherlock moving around his room, possibly looking for something. John did not know, nor did he make any attempt to find out.
High-pitched notes, moving fluidly through the flat woke John in the early hours of a Wednesday morning. It was the all too familiar sound of a violin, and there was only one resident in 221B with the skill to play such a delicate instrument.
A rasping voice whispered his name from the bed. John watched as Sherlock screwed his face up, before rapidly blinking, trying to open his eyes, calling out once more.
“John, I’m sorry.” It didn’t need saying, and both men knew it. But there was something final about this apology. For John, it was enough for him to accept that this wasn’t a dream, that Sherlock actually was sat here in front of him, in 221B Baker Street, where he belonged. And he forgave him, forgave everything this man had ever done because in that moment, he had made himself vulnerable, he had opened up. For Sherlock, it marked the end of a long and difficult period. He wanted nothing more than to settle back into their old routine, but understood that this would take time and patience. He knew that John would have to adapt, again, to having him back around. They sat in silence for a few more moments, just observing each other, Sherlock calculating, John memorising.
There were a few moments of silence as Sherlock considered John's words. Whether or not they made any impact upon Sherlock was clearly unnecessary to the conversation, as Sherlock continued to speak as if John had not commented at all.
How he hated this man! But at the same time, he thanked providence with all his heart for having sent John his way.
"Sherlock's abilities lie in a completely different area than anyone I've had before," John broke in helpfully before his opponent dug himself in any deeper. It wasn't even a lie. There was no comparison between Sherlock's abilities and those of any of his former bedwarmers. "But I thought we were going to forget all that?" John ended with a smile that was both cold and ingratiating.
"Lie?" Irene snapped back. "You could have told him Sherlock's sick and not receiving visitors today – or that he's not in at all!"
Greg was just about to flick his cigarette butt away, but paused mid-motion. "Are you trying to say..." His voice sounded thick.
"Slept in there?" John completed the question, then shook his head. "Not one single night." With those words, John reached out his arm, pushed down the door handle, and opened the door with a powerful thrust, allowing them to see into the room beyond.
"Why?" Mike asked, unimpressed. "Why shouldn't you see him again? You could set up regular appointments with him. All right, so he's a prostitute. So what? At least he's a professional. You haven't had much luck with amateurs lately. Pay him. Spend a couple of nice hours with him. I won't think any less of you. You're my friend. If it makes you feel better, what do I care what the reason is?" He shrugged his shoulders easily. "And when you're done with him... when it's over – then buy him a nice watch, tell him
." Sherlock all but spit the word at him, but he still had that strange, empty look in his eyes. "Apparently I was wrong."
John came twice a week and stayed with him for two hours – and no matter how ashamed Sherlock was of the fact, he couldn't deny that his life revolved almost solely around those four hours. As someone who had no illusions about the fact that he tended to succumb to addictions, he was fully aware that he was on the best way to falling head over heels under John's spell, and that with a frankly horrific ease and rapidity. He smoked less, ate more healthily, and took great care with his appearance ... all because he knew John preferred it. He hated himself for it, and swore to himself over and over again that he wouldn't become so dependent – especially not on another person. But then John would show up and do such wonderful things with him that Sherlock tossed out all of his resolutions ... until John left again.
Then he took one more step toward the door, only to turn back around immediately and go over to Mycroft, his strides quick and angry.
"No, no, no," Sherlock broke in vehemently. "Don't go checking with John! Didn't you just recently give a rather moving little speech to the staff in which you instructed them to follow my orders? Without checking back with John?"
"But it's pretty damn attractive when you've been crawling around the front garden in the dark, trying to find your clothes after your wife's tossed everything you own out the window and you had to spend the night on a couch at the Yard," Greg growled, draining the first cup with a single long draught.
"But they wonder," John countered. "They wonder and they're asking themselves... what the reason for it might be, if I were really behind it... And once they start asking serious questions, doubting me... I don't know if or how long I can keep the shop running."
The bucket wobbled a little, the paint sloshed up briefly, but that was all. Sherlock gasped for air and hurried to reduce the pull on his testicles and stretch his arse up in the back again.
of surprise, but any sound was immediately smothered by John's mouth, which pulled Sherlock into a deep, tender kiss.
"Chic, isn't it?" Irene said, smoothing out the skirt over her legs. Then she took a look around. "You've got a nice thing going here too..." Irene mentioned nonchalantly, running the tip of her tongue along her carefully painted lips.
, she'd worked as an escort but had quickly shifted lanes and become a dominatrix, which suited her own preferences much better. It still hadn't been a walk in the park, and now that she owned the brothel, she enjoyed focusing primarily on the administrative and representative side of things, letting others do the work.
The sudden change reminded Mike of a stray dog that had been lured with the promise of food once too often, fallen for it once too often, and ended up being kicked and beaten once too often.
When John had taken care of everything and was finally sitting in the bathtub with Sherlock, it was almost like the time they'd bathed together at Irene Adler's brothel - aside from the bathing salts and bubble bath Sherlock had added in copious amounts this time. They sat in the same position, with an entire ocean full of unspoken questions and answers floating between them.
At least the pain in Sherlock's leg allowed him to think clearly. His panic receded, and the room stopped spinning.
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed. At that point, he couldn't stand John's cold, penetrating look any longer, and bowed his head, disregarding any possible consequences. John's deadpan eyes cut him to the quick, right to the centre of his soul. He couldn't -
"And now you're..." Sherlock paused. Something in him refused to complete the statement, refused to place '
to John... it would only make sense if..." Sherlock began absently, but then he paused. "Oh..." he said finally. "Moran wasn't just your
"That was all I was waiting to hear," John murmured against the back of his neck. So soft, so gentle, so caring... in such stark contrast to his implacable thrusts. The wonderful hand on his hard length moved faster, the fingers closed tighter around his hot, pulsing shaft. Sherlock tossed his head back, dug his teeth into his lower lips, clenched his fingers around the rung of the ladder until they cried out in protest. The words
what... please ... stop ... please... John..." He bit down on his lips again. "Oh God... John ... have pity... MERCY, John ... PLEASE!"
“Aaahhh – just like that, yes, just like that … please... just a bit more … just a little bit deeper...” Sherlock moaned.
..." Sherlock said scornfully. "Lestrade of course." Then he became sober and solemn, and went on in a thin voice: "Don't do to him what you did to me."
"Fine..." Irene conceded. "Let's just assume for a moment it's how you say and he doesn't love you... What does he feel for you then, in your opinion?"
"'S not rubbish," Mike disagreed. "John... something went down. Is there anything I need to take care of? Pay someone off? John..." he pressed when the silence continued. "What happened?"
"That could be arranged," Mycroft said - a bit hesitantly, to be sure, but it was clear that he wasn't entirely opposed to the idea.
John straightened. "All right... stay right there," he said with a rather evil grin – as if Sherlock were in any condition to be jumping about, much less would do so if he could.
Sherlock returned the tired smile, spicing it with a dash of venom. "Fine, then I'll go shower and wash John's semen off my body."
Behind him, John had become very still, yet the stillness didn't make Sherlock feel uneasy anymore. He simply knew he'd done the right thing - said the right thing... at the right moment.
John's brain still refused to process what he was hearing in a way that would make sense. It couldn't be that...
It wasn't just their bodies that melded with each other, as if cut loose from the world. The level of their arousal rose higher and higher, and their desire for each other grew deeper and deeper... a sensation of floating came over Sherlock, and his heart was filled with a lightness he'd never known before. He broke apart, found himself again in John, held onto him, and opened himself to him with one last trembling sigh.
"Oh, Mycroft..." he whispered, ashamed. "I..." he started, but broke off again when he didn't know what else to say.
Sherlock was used to the touches of strange men, of course. More than used to them. John couldn't help thinking of the countless faceless and nameless men Sherlock had been willingly subjected to in Irene Adler's brothel. He thought of the union leader, Glendale, whom he'd almost had killed... and he thought of all the men in his own life who had only ever cheated, betrayed, deceived, and left him.
again all of a sudden?" Mycroft said with a touch of irony. "Well? Do you have anything? Really? Aha... a sandlot acquaintance, of a sort... wonderful," he noted in a sarcastic tone and without much enthusiasm. "Yes, if you must... send me the picture and the file." He ended the call without saying good-bye. Then he stared at the device and waited.
"That was fucking hot is what it was," John answered with a shaky smile. "And you made your point quite clearly." He licked his lips quickly before saying softly, "Sorry. Won't happen again. It's just..." He took a deep breath. "I may have heard that phrase once too often."
Sherlock's heart, which had been beating wildly before, froze at those words. Still, he did everything John asked, even though he felt something die inside him. John had never ordered him to kneel in that tone of voice before.
With a throaty sigh, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's shoulders, pulled him flush against him, and started rubbing his groin against John. John felt the heat emanating from Sherlock's erection through the thin material of his shirt, felt the firm pressure on his stomach, and didn't give a flying fuck that those stains were never going to come out of his black shirt.
John sighed. He lay on his back on the bed with Sherlock between his splayed legs, intently scrutinising his primary genitalia.
"That huge coke deal we heard about the other day?" John said, his agitation apparent. "That was that shithead Dimitri, I'd bet anything. It went down without a hitch. I'm telling you - he's greasing Donovan's palm. If I'd tried something like that I'd likely be behind bars right now. The bint's out to get me."
Sherlock's features swam before John's eyes in an unholy fog of alcohol, shame, aggression, pain, disappointment, and frustration. Victor's face came more and more into focus within John's field of vision until Sherlock disappeared behind it entirely in John's mind. Blind with anger and grief, John pulled back his arm, preparing to lash out.
Finally, it was time to shower, cleanse himself, get dressed, and do his hair. When Sherlock was done with everything and ready to receive his guest, he went to room seven, which had been reserved by Irene for all of their meetings. Once there, he discovered that he still had half an hour left to wait.
. And he got it from his brother." As soon as he said the words, he wished he had bit his tongue instead. He was off his game today.
"Hold still... I want to wash you," John said, soaping up his hands thoroughly before rinsing and then applying more soap. Then he carefully reached for Sherlock's limp penis and cleaned it. When he was done, he kept holding it between his thumb and forefinger and said, "Pee."
"Feels like hot steel," John murmured half to himself. "My God, Sherlock... how did you stand it..."
As soon as Mycroft Holmes hurried off to his press conference, John went up to the first floor. He glanced through the living room door at Mike, who had fallen asleep on the couch. The all-nighter had apparently taken its toll. The meagre remains of the hearty breakfast were still standing on the table. John would have to sort Mike and all the other problems later. He softly retreated and went into his bathroom.
A look of anger, that contained a hint of recognition, hit him. But then a truly devilish expression appeared on Sherlock’s face as he bowed down to John. “Usually,” he whispered with his lips close to John’s ear, “usually I attach one or more weights to it. I have several at home. Sometimes I use a chain, so they can swing freely… with every move… while I’m on my hands and knees… that is… an indescribable feeling… unsettling… with extremely intense… orgasms…”
When John entered the living room the next morning, Sherlock was already sitting at the table, poking at a small serving of scrambled eggs on his plate. Whereas John was already dressed in a black suit with a white shirt and black tie, Sherlock was wearing a dressing gown that shimmered like silk (but which John suspected was actually made of polyester) over his pyjamas. Sherlock's feet were bare, in contrast to John's black patent leather shoes. The sight of those naked feet and the unusually long, highly dextrous toes elicited a certain lusty tug in John's lower abdomen. He took a deep, focused breath through his nose to rein in his libido, and took a seat at the table as well.
Mycroft didn't respond to the teasing tone. "Those pictures are to be deleted. Now," he ordered sourly.
He was just wondering whether he would really be able to drown himself before he was hit by one of Moriarty's bullets when Moriarty made a mistake.
It only took two or three strokes until Sherlock stiffened and, with a sound that was more a sob than a cry, spilled over John's fingers.
When Sherlock arose from the floor and picked up his violin from its red satin cradle, he felt an assurance come over him that he'd never known before, and smiled.
Had he said too much? Too little? Would John understand what those – wholly inadequate - words implied? He searched John's face attentively for some clue but found nothing. Somewhat discouraged, he let his shoulders slump. At least he hadn't made things worse.
"Hardly a reason to pursue a relationship. Imagine me trying to start a relationship whilst still trying to get over your death. Recipe for disaster. Sounds like something you would do if it were the opposite way round."
He took a step towards his brother, extending his arm to comfort him. He was met with a strong and painful punch to the nose.
The illogical, impatient part of his brain, however, wanted to scream at them. Why was Sherlock not awake yet? They had to do something, anything.
There was nothing to move. All of Sherlock’s belongings had remained in the flat, untouched. John knew that he would have secretly missed the place. He caught the detective running his hands over what seemed to be completely ordinary, even mundane, everyday objects. But John knew that Sherlock wanted to take in every detail about the flat. The brief, yet unexpected separation from 221B must have affected him. John wasn’t stupid. He knew that Sherlock had a heart, it was just too often overshadowed by his mind.
He could hear more movement from downstairs, for whilst he was thinking, there had been a small knock at the door. He heard the smash of a cup. John's eyebrows knitted together as his eyes moved toward the door. It was very unlike Mrs Hudson to drop anything, too much mess! He focused on the noise coming from below, trying to figure out what was happening.
And there was one problem with this. Since Sherlock's recovery, John had not let him out of his sight. Running off to meet Moriarty behind his back would be a massive betrayal of John's trust, and Sherlock didn't know if he could do that again. It had taken time for John to forgive him before, and it would take even longer this time, and there was a good possibility that John simply wouldn't forgive him, ever.
It was with these words that Sherlock resigned himself to a life alone. There would never be anyone else but John. Kind, beautiful, strong John, who forgave Sherlock, but only after believing that he was seconds away from death. Sherlock laughed at John’s reactions, but secretly he was reveling in what John had just admitted to him. Of course, it was by no means a declaration of love, but Sherlock had never been expecting one, but the admission put them on back on track to the friendship they had had before Sherlock had thrown himself off a building.
The two companions stood in silence, just watching the light reflect off of the polished surface of the grave. Just a hint of sunlight danced through the cloudy skies that were typical of an afternoon in London.
Sherlock was spread out on the entire length of the sofa with his fingers steepled and resting under his chin, eye closed, completely blocking out the rest of the world’s existence. It was what John liked to refer to as the ‘thinking pose’. Ridiculous. Sherlock Holmes did not ‘pose’.
If the prospect of being a father was difficult for John to accept, then this was completely beyond him.
John moved quickly. He grabbed the gun from the guard, swiftly putting two bullets into Alvarez's head, and one each in those of the guards at his sides before he could even react. Two more guards ran through the door at the sound of the gun, and John didn't hesitate to shoot them on the spot. Knowing he'd run out of bullets soon, he picked up the guns of the two guards most recently dead.
John had been sleeping restlessly all night, tossing and turning. Clearly, the nightmares had not gone just yet. Sherlock didn’t want to wake him, as it would have been obvious that he was watching him sleep. Sherlock, therefore, did the only thing he could think to do. He had picked up his violin and begun to play. At first it was very quiet, still trying not to wake John, just to calm him. As the notes Sherlock played grew louder, John seemed to relax more. He stopped moving around, laying quite still. Sherlock saw that the music seemed to calm him, so he continued. He played every piece of music that entered into his head, at different speeds, tones and pitches. His eyes never moved from John as he played, making sure that he was still asleep, and calm. Sherlock kept these thoughts to himself, storing them away in his mind palace with the other details about John to be revisited later.
She took a few moments to collect herself, before looking up at Mycroft with her wide and tear filled eyes, looking utterly helpless. “
"Her name was Victoria," a small, quiet voice began from the other side of the sofa. "We were at uni together, both chemistry graduates. She was
Whilst being detained, Mycroft came to visit Sherlock to discuss their options, like there was a choice. Sherlock knew there was only one option available to him, as Mycroft had mentioned at Christmas. Sherlock would have to travel back to Eastern Europe to complete an undercover, and fatal mission, with no chance of returning. Sherlock accepted. There was nothing for him here. The work didn’t matter anymore, not when John was not a part of it. He didn’t have anyone, not even John.
He didn't even hear the shot, but by God he felt it. Getting shot isn't something that anyone could get used to, and John never wanted to become too familiar with the feeling of a bullet tearing through his flesh. Abdomen this time, closer to the major internal organs, far too close. It felt as if a white hot pain was spreading itself throughout his chest from the point of entry, like the bulling had dissolved into a highly corrosive acid which was now flowing into his bloodstream. All thoughts lefts John's mind, all he could focus on was the pain. His knees buckled under the overwhelming sensations. He couldn't even figure out if the hit had would be fatal. Damaging, most certainly, but fatal? John. Just didn't know. He made a note to ask Mycroft later.
“Sarah Cartwright, BBC news. Sherlock, what was it like for you to leave John, knowing what impact it would have on him?”
The voice, low, with and Irish accent, instantly made the hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck stand on end. He felt as if his heart had momentarily stopped, and his lungs were no longer functioning properly.
At last, after what felt like an eternity of walking, he reached the black door with gold lettering reading ‘221B’. He had finally taken his key back from John had dutifully left it on his desk, so he managed to let himself in this time, without having to disturb Mrs Hudson. After all she had done for John and himself, Sherlock felt that she needed a well-deserved break from the both of them. Only for a little while, until things were settled and they were able to move on with their loves as normal. That would probably result in Mrs Hudson, once again, tidying up after the detective and the doctor, muttering under her breath, “not your housekeeper,” as she did so. But until then, Sherlock made sure that they left her alone.
John placed two of the three mugs - now full to the brim with tea - on the coffee table in front of the coffee table. he turned and settled himself into his worn, fabric armchair with his own full mug.
he. John knew he was shouting. He knew that Mrs Hudson, and possibly even the entire street could hear him, but he did not care in the slightest. He needed to have his say. He’d been biting his tounge ever since he moved back to 221B, and if he didn’t have his say now, he would burst with frustration, anger and hurt. “Believe it or not, Sherlock Holmes is not my priority. I can’t base my whole life around you when my wife-” John’s voice caught in his throat at the mention of Mary. Wave of grief rolled through him, which was ridiculous because Mary was still alive, for now at least.
She moved next to the consulting detective. “Sherlock, the music was absolutely beautiful. I’ll want to hear it again come Christmas,” she joked as she felt Sherlock’s long arms wrap around her tiny frame.
“It’s not what you think, Mrs Hudson. John had a panic attack when we went out, it appears to have had a tiring effect on him.”
John grabbed Sherlock by the arm and propelled him through New Scotland Yard and onto the street. He nudged Sherlock as a prompt for him to do his magical taxi summoning trick that had all the taxi’s in London stopping immediately to take them home.
There was no reply from John, and he wasn't there when Sherlock looked back towards him. There was, however, and unexpected reply from the doorway.
After he was dressed in the usual jeans and jumper combination, he began towards the door. Something made him stop dead in his tracks. I shuffling noise was coming from inside the flat. Mrs Hudson never came in until 11am to bring John food. John glanced at his watch. 9am. So who on earth was down in the flat? Could it be…?
Ah, unreasonable anger and possessiveness. Sherlock was experiencing jealousy. The realisation hit him like a locomotive train, rendering him completely useless for a microsecond. It wasn’t so much the woman herself that John was taking out; it was the fact that it wasn’t him. But why on earth should he feel like that unless… Oh. Oh no.
It started about a month after John had jumped. One day Sherlock had just woken up and there he was, sat in his armchair as if he'd never left. Sherlock had run to him, but as John stood to greet him, Sherlock passed straight through him.
“But he needed to stop into work that morning to sort out some paper work, and I let him go. I didn’t even question it.”
John had cooked a delicious tomato pasta dish he remembered from his childhood, sustaining only a minor shock when he opened the fridge to find a jar of, what John assumed to be tongues - disgusting and completely unhygienic -  in the fringe. Well, what had he been expecting? It was Sherlock after all. Sherlock, who had returned in full glory and had promised never to leave and if that meant occasional body parts in the fridge again, John really couldn't give a damn. He had resigned to just shaking his head in a defeated fashion, as he reached past the jar to the ingredients he needed.
John's hand moved to Sherlock's shoulder, just resting there easily. Their eyes met, and they burst into laughter once again. There was nothing more important to each other than their friendship. Despite everything - Sherlock's fall, their adventures, John's wedding, Sherlock's amnesia - the one constant had been their friendship.
“John, there’s something ... I should say; I-I’ve meant to say always and then never have. Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again, I might as well say it now.” Sherlock looked to John, saw him staring expectantly back at him. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Mary, her red coat accentuating her pregnant form, reminding Sherlock of everything John wanted and could have, just not with Sherlock. Sherlock wanted John to be happy, and he knew that he could not do that. So he changed his mind at the last moment.
But it wasn’t real. They had been lied to, left to grieve, and Mycroft hadn’t done a damn thing about it.
He allowed the tears to flow freely as the plane took off, there was no-one here to judge him now. He brought his hand up to his lips, the one John had held not moments before, and tried to imagine the feel of his skin, to imagine that it was John’s kiss goodbye. But after only a few moments of tense silence, Sherlock’s thoughts were interrupted by a man offering him a phone.
Sherlock had remained seated, fingers steepled under his chin as Mycroft was speaking, trying to deduce what his brother wanted, and why he was walking, talking, and in general, existing in an entirely different manner than what was the norm. His eyes flicked up to his brother at the mention of himself. Deductions aside, Sherlock had been listening, and he did not like the way that his brother had been treating John.
After three days of continuous tapping on the tables, the arms of the sofa, even on his violin as he was that morning as he sat in his armchair, thinking, holding onto his violin, something happened that Sherlock was not expecting. He had just finished his tapping…
"He told me that he appreciated all that you've done for him, and that he didn't blame you at all for your argument. And he thanked me for letting you stay with him whilst he recovered." Something stirred inside John, probably guilt or remorse, although John would figure it out later, when he wasn't so focused on his wife. It really wasn't Sherlock's fault that they'd argued – John had received devastating news and reacted badly. He never meant to lash out like that. Of course he cared about Sherlock. He and Mary were the two most important people in his life. Mary didn't notice the inner monologue that was streaming through John's head, because she continued.
“John,” it sounded good, hearing Sherlock say his name again – made everything more real, “John, please understand that I wanted to come back sooner, but Mycroft wouldn’t-”
“Turn it off!” Sherlock’s voice was raised, panicked. He could feel his heart begin to race in both fear and anticipation, but for what reason he did not know. What he did know was that he wanted the screen to be turned off. Now. The face returned, with the same unhinged smile across his face as he sat in front of the blue sky and clouds background. The man was dark haired and dark eyed, slight stubble and well dressed in a suit and tie.
3 months was what they were told. 3 months left together, to be a married couple. They would never be parents, or grandparents. There would be no school-runs, or trips to the beach. No school plays or concerts. No afternoons in the sun as the children played in the park. No family holidays, no bedtime stories. They would never grow old together. John would never brush the greying hairs from Mary’s face as they enjoyed retirement. Their whole life together was being snatched away from them. 3 months.
Sherlock wasn't even speaking. That was what terrified Greg the most. The fact that the lanky, curly haired genius who loved the sound of his own voice more than his brother, was refusing to utter even a single syllable.
Now here Mycroft stood, bold as brass, looking for all the world like he wasn’t responsible for the misery of a great many people. John Watson was well loved by all who had met him (criminals they apprehended excluded), and they had all felt his loss acutely.
John turned to see a flash of silvery-grey hair, longer than when he last saw it, and a broad grin spreading across the face of a man who looked genuinely pleased to see him there.
They pulled up to Baker Street, still laughing - for there is no better way to return to your home than laughing with your best friend as anyone, including the Holmes brothers, will tell you. They paid the cabbie, who was glad to see the back of them, and proceeded to the door. At Sherlock's request they knocked instead of letting themselves in, and waited for Mrs Hudson to answer.
“John, we are prepared for every possibility,” commented Mycroft, who seemed to be reading John’s thoughts. “The flat has been entirely searched by my own team, nothing has been found. We have also paid off all known dealers in the area to make sure that Sherlock does not get his hands on anything stronger than the painkillers prescribed to him by the hospital, which we will rely on you to issue to him in the recommended dosage.” John turned his head towards the floor, breathing in deeply. The amount of trust that everyone was placing in him was touching, yes – but also incredibly daunting.
“She’s a smart girl, that Molly.” Sherlock replied. He had grown fond of her during his days spent hiding at her place. It was homely enough, but it wasn’t Baker Street. God, he had missed the flat whilst he had been away. Molly had been more than welcoming, obviously as she was still head-over-heels in love with him – he’d need to introduce her to someone, anyone to take the distracting and irritating attention off of himself.
. Our lives had everything, friends and now a family of our own. But one night, she didn't come home. I stayed up all night, worrying, waiting. I got the phone call at 3am. Her taxi had been hit by an intoxicated driver. She'd died on impact, and so had the baby. My wife and my baby, John, all in one night. My whole life had collapsed. I had
He needed to let it out, or the weight of his own secret would surely crush him. He considered talking to Molly, but she wouldn’t understand, having always been infatuated with Sherlock. What he felt for John was not infatuation, he was sure of it. Lestrade? No, he couldn’t bear the smug grin that would undoubtedly appear if he ever revealed any of this to the DI. And there was absolutely no way he was going to Mycroft for help.
Sherlock had never intended to go mad, it was just one of those things that crept up on you and by the time you realised , it was too late.
Mycroft stumbled back, clutching at his face. Blood poured freely from his nose, which Mycroft was sure was broken. There were tiny droplets of the deep red liquid on the floor, contrasting dramatically with the pristine, immaculate white of the flooring.
There was a small gasp of surprise from Jason, and Sherlock knew it was because he so rarely expresses interest in anyone so quickly.
Sherlock walked quicker now, annoyed at the distractions that the people around him were presenting. He pulled his collar up, closer to his face, to stop the constant staring.
He didn't register how much time was passing, he only knew that it was. He was wrapped up in his favourite jacket, hands stuffed into his pockets just for a place to put them.
Sherlock lowered himself into his armchair and steepled his hands under his chin. His thoughts rushed though his mind. Today’s case, John, dinner with Mrs Hudson, his panic at the case, John helped him, why? Obvious. That’s what they did, helped each other, saved each other. Why?
"He's pulled through. He's still unconscious, but luckily for him, the bullet only caught his lung instead of embedding in it. He'll be here for a while I'm afraid, but in the long run, he'll recover."
He moved back into his chair by Mary’s bed, and recaptured her hand between his own. He’d been so focused on Sherlock’s memory that he’d neglected to realise that his wife was suffering form something far more serious. Sherlock could live through amnesia. Mary could not live through this. And John could not live without Mary. And John could not live with the fact that he’d failed her. After having vowed to protect her in front of an entire church full of their closest friend’s and family, he had failed. He would never forgive himself for this, and he wouldn’t blame Mary if she didn’t either.
"There's an Italian restaurant  I enjoy just off of Northumberland Street, and the owner owes me a favour." He did not want to explain the sentimental attachment to Angelo's, so left it there.
As he thought this, a sigh came from the man on the bed. Immediately, John bolted out of his chair, grasped Sherlock’s hand in his and leant over the detective to watch his face. Sherlock’s face creased in pain momentarily, before relaxing back into a state of unconsciousness.
He moved over to the image of John on the hospital bed, taking up the seat beside him. Sherlock bought his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around his legs, holding them on the chair with him. He rested his chin on his knees, like he did when he was a boy, and studied this newer version of the late army doctor that his mind was torturing him with.
And without waiting to hear Sherlock’s reply, John stepped around him and exited out of his room. He slammed the door behind him, shutting Sherlock in John’s room, but made no move towards the stairs that would lead him out of 221B. The look on Sherlock’s face – for John had caught a glimpse of it before he left the room – had looked hurt, betrayed. John had never seen him look like that before, like someone had stuck a knife straight through his heart and twisted it for good measure. He had trusted John. The guilt began to claw at his insides. John regretted his words to Sherlock, and he wanted desperately to take them back, but his own pride forced him towards the stairs, and he made his way out of the flat. As he said, there were more important things to do.
The cab pulled up to Bart's and Molly got out, holding the door open for Sherlock to follow. He didn't. He couldn't look outside of the window. He knew if he did, all he'd see is John's corpse lying broken and bloodied on the concrete.
Sherlock was already tapping away at the keyboard – deducing the passwords into the most secure computer in Britain – looking for all the world like a young boy who'd just received the very thing he asked for on Christmas. John heard Mycroft sigh heavily and watched him roll his eyes behind Sherlock's back.
“Blow to the head, quite obvious cause of death, with just that it would have been difficult. But the stab wounds to the face? That’s how the killer allows us to identify him. If she was stabbed in the stomach, it could have been absolutely pointless. But by stabbing her in the face, we know he knew her.”
"Gold star for him." John rolled his eyes, sitting back down on the straw stuffed mattress that acted as his bed whilst he was imprisoned here. "I'm not coming."
The man they were chasing was a triple murderer. They’d been on his tail for three days until Sherlock had finally tracked him down, which had lead to the chase in the alley. Lestrade had come round to Baker Street in a panic. Apparently the guy was moving quickly and so far his team had been able to pick up nothing. Sherlock had immediately headed straight for John and Mary’s flat, picked up his friend – leaving John only a small amount of time to explain the situation to his wife - and they’d arrived at the scene within minutes. Sherlock had explained very little to John as the case progressed, only conveying some thoughts out loud whilst keeping the rest firmly locked away in his mind palace.
“A miracle, John. Thank you,” he whispered to his friend, bringing his hand down to his mouth, and gently placing his lips over the bony, near skeletal knuckles of John’s hand. The action bought him some comfort, and he allowed himself to relax slightly more.
Johnhad escaped with only bruising around his neck. He had managed to avoid a concussion when Moran broke his fall. Sherlock was being treated for shock and seemed to be recovering well, as the volume and tone of his voice indicated.
“For how long?” Sherlock looked slightly above John’s head so as not to meet his eyes. John obviously still hoped that Sherlock would be coming back alive. Sherlock could not bear to reveal the truth to him.
The entire contents of his mind palace, including his inner Mycroft, Molly, John, Mary, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, Angelo and - for some unfathomable reason - Anderson and Donovan, were joining together to break down that one door that remained locked. The black door without any handles or hinges. The door from which the thick grey fog which had clouded his mind oozed from underneath the door. They worked quickly, pounding against the wood to the rhythm of his heartbeat, which he could hear roaring in his ears.
“Sherlock,” John stood back up, still keeping his firm grip on Sherlock’s hands that were now squeezing his back just as tightly, “Sherlock, love, don’t say anything.
Mary, however, moved over and sat down on the sofa, right in Sherlock’s eye line if he were to look up from his laptop. And he did, the moment she sat down and tucked her feet up on the sofa with her. John watched Sherlock regard her for a few moments, and then he began to speak.
Suddenly, the light was too bright, and there was a pricking sensation in his eyes. He forced them closed against the intrusion and tried to control his body as it continued to shake. But it was hopeless. There was no chance of control. Not now. Probably not ever again.
He did not relapse again. He was always awake when John was. He did whatever task John asked of him. But John’s eyes had lost their light, and the life seemed to have been sucked out of him. He spent most of the day locked up in his room, pacing. Sherlock could hear the heavy footprints and they moved back and forth across the small space.
Sherlock sighed, partly in frustration, partly due to another emotion that he couldn’t name. It wasn’t empathy, or sympathy – Sherlock’s brain did not process either of these. But maybe he did now.
John’s words were greeted by a stunned silence as the detective let John’s word infiltrate his mind and settle there.
“I love you, you complete mad man. And if you ever try anything like this again Sherlock, I will finish the job myself, got it?”
Sherlock was the most panicked John had ever seen him look. His eyes were wide, his mouth open, hands at his side twitching as if they longed to reach out and reclaim his friend. They had planned for Moriarty to have company, but still, they had hoped he didn't as it made their plan slightly more tricky.
Hey guys! Thank you for continuing to read, despite the fact that I'm making this up as I go and still have absolutely no idea where it's going. Also, I was wondering, after you've read this, if you could tell me whether or not to leave it here? Obviously I'd love to continue writing, but I didn't know if now was a good time to stop, or keep going. So if you could do that, it would be lovely! - Scarlett xx
Mrs Hudson opened the curtains, which were shut when they arrived. John watched the dust dance in the ray of sunlight that shone through the window. Knowing Sherlock, those windows probably hadn’t been opened in at least a week. Mrs Hudson continued to pad around the room, clearing up empty mugs or used plates and depositing them in the sink. Sherlock’s environment needed to be comfortable for his return, and mess was certainly the opposite. Mrs Hudson busied herself in the kitchen, donning the washing up gloves and filling the sink with hot, soapy water to tackle the enormous pile of dishes that had accumalated there.
"One, I face Moriarty alone. It's most likely that he will be expecting me to do this if the last time we faced off was anything to go by-"
Sherlock’s voice was quiet and weak, and John’s eyes immediately moved to meet Sherlock’s. There were tears gathering in his sharp, intelligent eyes.
“Yes,” replied the detective. “It induces a death-like sleep, reducing the heartbeat to almost nothing, hence why you couldn’t feel a pulse. Molly helped me to administer enough and performed a body swap when I reached post-mortem after being pronounced dead by several other doctors. A tedious process I’m told.”
John flopped down in his familiar armchair as they returned to 221B. There was only one way to put it: John was exhausted. He’s forgotten just how taxing their cases could be. He took big gulps of air, trying to wipe the smile off of his face – a girl had died. But just seeing Sherlock go through the motions, to watch him as he deduced, analysed and solved each of the individual puzzles in his brilliant mind, before finally settling on a conclusion. He was always one step ahead of everyone, and it always left John feeling completely awe-struck.
But whenever he reached his limit, John remembered a tall, pale figure leaning over him, eyes empty, drowning in the unshed tears. He remembered the broken voice as the figure desperately tried to reach him through the crowd of homeless network that Mycroft had hired to stop him from getting too close. He remembered the exact moment where he had seen his best friend's world collapse around him.
The consultants, doctors and various psychologists and therapists had told Sherlock before he’d been discharged from the hospital that migraines were to be expected, but this – this was torturous. A small whine managed to escape past Sherlock’s lips as the pain reached it’s peak. The nausea kept building.
He took a step forward and Mycroft instinctively shied away, anticipating another blow, but Lestrade just leaned forward, close enough to whisper in his ear, grabbing his shirt to prevent him pulling away from his words.
"I won't," the mousy haired girl promised as she continued to wipe his tears. "Sherlock, it's okay to be upset. It's normal - healthy, even - to cry."
"He wasn't here John. He's dead. You watched him die. He wasn't here. You need to get a grip, John. He's dead and he's not coming back, and you wishing that he's still alive isn't going to change that."
He could see how much Victoria's death affected Sherlock, even now. He was obviously heartbroken. John could visualise the moment when Sherlock's life had shattered, the moment when he'd received the phone call and his eyes, once so full of light and happiness just became empty, and had remained so for a good many years.
He breathed a sigh of relief. A clean shot. The bones didn't seem to be injured, but he couldn't say much about the tendons or muscles. Now that that was taken care of...
He saw Mike stomping through the hall like a tired, angry steamroller. He saw Mike look for John in his office first before finding him in the other room. He saw him go into the room, and then come back out a relatively short time later. He heard him muttering deprecations under his breath: "Several million! Three men in jail! Shit!" He saw - to his surprise - that rather than going back to the office, Mike started up the stairs.
Sherlock nodded, lifted the plug from its bed of satin and ran his fingers with something akin to reverence over the two entwined letters engraved on the handle. He closed his eyes, sighing beatifically.
That was a bitter pill for Sherlock to swallow. He'd let himself be tricked like a foolish schoolboy. His anxiety over John had rendered him unable to think clearly. How stupid could he be?! Shaken by his own idiocy, he stared silently out the side window. After a short while, however, he gave his kidnapper a searching look. It wouldn't do any good to fret over past mistakes. He needed all his intelligence, all his mental acuity, and all his focus now to get himself and John out of the snare which seemed to be relentlessly closing in on the two of them. And for that, he needed information. As much as possible. One never knew what might turn out to be useful. There was this woman's motive, for example... Why was she so insistent on...
Sherlock was so involved in his own thoughts … he didn't pay attention a moment too long... and that single moment was enough for John - who apparently had moved past that brief emotional phase as quickly as it had come - to wrestle Sherlock to the ground.
John was grateful to him for that. Grateful that they didn't have to talk about it. Grateful that Sherlock was able to simply understand certain things - or at least to accept them without reservation. John was so grateful for Sherlock's silent accommodation that he actually did feel the need to talk about it now. He passed his tongue over his upper lip. It had been a long time since he'd been so confused by his own thoughts and desires.
It wasn't the first time they had used the black beads, so Sherlock knew exactly what he needed to do. However, it had always been John who pulled the string out with a jerk as soon as he saw the first signs of Sherlock's imminent orgasm. If the beads were pulled out at just the right moment, it intensified and prolonged the subject's orgasm considerably. Sherlock had always reacted rather enthusiastically on previous occasions. John wondered if it would be the same this time, as Sherlock had to do everything himself rather than just lying there being taken care of.
This young man was so extraordinary, so unusual, so incredibly breathtaking ... all in all a strange, contradictory combination. Filthy and sensual; intelligent but thoughtless; submissive yet challenging.
Irene chuckled throatily. "I'm just trying to cheer you up," she declared cheerfully, but then she noticed an enduring, underlying sadness in his eyes, and her laughter dried up. "He'll come back," she said, suddenly sober. "Believe me. I know what I'm talking about."
"More or less," John replied dryly, turning his steps toward the next side chapel with Mycroft following in his wake. "The handful of parishioners here have their own worries, and the tourists are more interested in the organ and the main altar than they are in us." He stopped and examined the painting of Mary Magdalene, to whom the little chapel was dedicated. "Well? How's our dear friend Sally?" John asked in a deliberately disinterested tone.
John gave him a brief look before smearing shaving foam on his face. "If it makes you happy. They're your lungs after all."
A car came to a stop behind him, and Mycroft turned around. The blond strongarm man gestured unambiguously at the black limousine with the mirrored windows that now stood at the kerb.
"Yeah, yeah... I hear it..." Mike mumbled, still half asleep as he tried to open his eyes. It was no use. The all-nighter at the customs office was three days ago now, but he was still feeling the effects and it had thrown his sleep schedule completely off.
Fantastic. Wonderful. Just what he needed... another piece of evidence that John felt nothing for him. All right, perhaps not
"Discussing something with me," John answered with deliberate calmness. "With me, Sherlock. Not with you."
"Yes, I did say that," Sherlock agreed. "But this isn't the same thing... this time I had a choice. I didn't then. Back then, you took advantage of my helplessness."
Get up and leave – John hoped Sherlock's wouldn't see through that empty threat. Get up and leave that wicked arse behind? Not a chance. Get up and leave ... He didn't even think he could at this point. But the threat appeared to have the desired motivational effect on Sherlock, as a shiver ran down his back at John's words. It was incredible how the young man enjoyed being treated like this – even seemed to crave it.
"That's better," John growled, although not in an unfriendly way, and began to bind Sherlock's lower arms together. He took his time and kept checking whether the ropes cut too much into Sherlock's skin, and whether his blood was still flowing. When he was finally satisfied, he tied the ends of the ropes to the legs of the table.
John continued with an oily grin. "When you think about it... a VIP like that really has a shitty life. Can't even spend a night with a couple of girls without the whole nation finding out about it."
Jacques took care of his task and brought the briefcase to the living room on the first floor, where he set it on the coffee table - as always. When he went back down the stairs, the music had stopped, and Jacques secretly breathed a little easier. Maybe Mabel would go back to being halfway normal again without that melodious brainwashing.
By now, he didn't just want to satisfy his intellectual curiosity, but the other – more physical – needs as well, which John had set alight in him without bothering to quench the resulting slow, smouldering flames.
The goose pimples all over his body whenever John touched him, whenever he clasped his hand loosely around his hard cock.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his face displaying a sober expression. "I've angered you – and now... you're going to make things painful for me. Am I right?" Although he was speaking in a tentative manner, there was no fear in his voice – only calm acceptance, as if he'd been in exactly the same situation many times before.
"Sherlock?" John asked once he'd stowed the plug safely. "Can we go on?" Sherlock nodded. "How did they get you down here anyway? Is there another entrance? Or were you not tied up during the descent?"
"Yes, for you," John said, and took a small, flat box out of the breast pocket of his jacket. "But it's not for your finger."
The blows that the client let rain down on Sherlock's arse were exquisite, and Sherlock enjoyed it very much. The man was a master at his art and definitely knew what he was doing. That was rare enough that Sherlock decided to let himself go a bit more than he usually did, and his memories of John did the rest. In the end, both men had painfully hard cocks, and Sherlock was heavily tempted to bring himself to completion just this once – in direct opposition to John's wishes.
John could feel very well what was about to happen, but he didn't stop his ministrations for a single second, didn't give Sherlock any chance to catch his breath.
Just as Sherlock was about to call his unruly organ to order with a reluctant frown, the undefined steps began their ascent, and Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief.
"No, it's... I mean, yes - I've passed urine and everything was fine... the same as usual. No blood, no pain, no burning..." Sherlock answered, trying to hide the thickness in his voice by clearing his throat.
John's face looked like it was carved out of stone. His jaw muscles bulged and he looked extremely displeased.
Sherlock practically ran through the entry hall and out the door without so much as a coat or scarf (neither of which he owned anyway).
Sherlock closed his eyes and listened to John's rhythmic, reliable heartbeat, felt John's arms around him and the sheet over both of them, thought about the drapes surrounding the two of them and the walls of their room that shut out the outside world... and imagined each of those components forming a layer... and all of those layers weaving themselves into a protective cocoon around them... binding them together... to each other.
"Glendale," Mike repeated dryly. "Okay. Anything else I need to know? Or is it better for my peace of mind that I remain in the dark?"
John saw how hard it was for the mayor to concede the defeat. Still, it was inexcusable. Completely inexcusable and utter...
"Oh God, John," he blurted out. "Just one puff! Just one! I'm begging you!" He graced John with his patented '
"I went to the ATM this morning, but I was already too late. She's emptied our joint account and blocked my access," Greg continued his lament. "I have no idea how she managed it."
While Sherlock continued to work, unperturbed - he was probably concentrating so hard on the columns of numbers that he wasn't aware of anything else - John bounced impatiently on the balls of his feet, clenching his hands behind his back to stop himself from tearing the phone out of Mike's hand so he could talk to the informant himself. Given his current state of mind, it was definitely better to leave the conversation to Mike.
Mike didn't waste a second before running up the stairs as if he were twenty years younger and eighty pounds lighter.
Cooper shoved a cigarette between his lips and lit it. "It's Doc's own fault. He shouldn't've brought that fairy into his house."
Bridges watched him for a moment before pulling away again to look for a parking spot for the allotted time. He didn't notice the sign for a certain Dr. Ella Thompson, Psychotherapist, amongst the sea of names of solicitors and investment advisors listed beside the entry.
Sherlock opened his eyes. All he could see was the wall across from the bed. He should have known John wasn't going to make it easy for him. He tilted his head as slowly as possible, causing a concomitant increase in the pulling and pricking in his scrotum. At the same time, the burning in his nipples lessened a bit.
Sherlock's bare, naked body stood out exquisitely against the dark red, silken sheets. John's eyes raked over the smooth chest with the small, seductively hard nipples, down to the gentle dip of his navel, all the way to his groin. His eyes stopped between Sherlock's legs, which were splayed slightly apart. Sherlock was shaved clean. There wasn't a single hair to be seen, just soft, smooth, pale skin. At the sight, John was hit with the longing to lave his tongue across the soft, smooth skin over and over again. To lick it and taste it and hear Sherlock whimpering with arousal. He swallowed a little too hard in order to override the desire. He had other plans for Sherlock's body.
At least John wouldn't have to take care of it. Secretly, he was grateful for Mike's dedication. It wasn't actually his job to do things like that, but whenever he could, he took over one tedious, time-consuming job or another from John.
"Mike, what's going on?" John interrupted him curtly. "Are you seriously trying to hook me up here?"
John entered his spacious hotel room, followed by Mike Stamford, and booted the first chair he saw across the room with a furious kick.
"Are these the real books?" Sherlock asked with a tentative smile as his fingers glided carefully along the shelves. Leather-bound books with faded gold lettering stood side-by-side with well-worn paperbacks.
John couldn't really settle on an answer. It was more than the fulfilment of some fantasy... it wasn't simply some shallow lust... it was more than just a power play... it was so much more, and it went so much deeper. It was crazy, but John had no other desire at the moment than to wait on Sherlock hand and foot, to fulfil his every wish, whereas Sherlock was perfectly happy to cower on the floor, in fetters, powerless and debased, already caught up in the claws of the next spiral of pain and pleasure - if John was interpreting the involuntary twitching of his hips correctly. The prince's wand must be hell for Sherlock after everything he'd already been through today. A hell that no one knew how to enjoy the way Sherlock did.
So Sherlock did. Molly pulled him into a tight hug until the worst of it was over. She then managed to manoeuvre him into the living room where she settled him onto the sofa. She draped a blanket over his shoulders before moving back to the kitchen. She returned a few minutes later and pushed a mug of tea into his hands. Sherlock automatically lifted it to his lips. Upon the first swapo he grimaced. Sherlock took sugar in his tea, but this was just too sweet. There could have easily been six or seven spoonfuls in there.
Sherlock looked out of the window. It was still light, so Sherlock knew John wasn't sleeping. He knew that John wasn't working at the clinic as he usually left a note for Sherlock telling him if he had been called in for a shift, and Sherlock couldn't find one anywhere in the flat. He was not out for drinks with Lestrade, as that is where he had been on the evening when Sherlock had most recently been admitted to hospital, and John did not like to spend tow nights out drinking in such close proximity. Sherlock also knew that John was not with Mrs Hudson in her flat, because both he and Mrs Hudson preferred to spend time together in their flat, rather than cramming all three of them into her significantly smaller living room.
In synchronization with his thoughts, John watched as Sherlock seemed to pull himself together, straightening his posture and schooling his face into the familiar, cool mask of indifference.
Mycroft would have known Sherlock better than anyone before John had been introduced into his life. He would have known what made the Consulting Detective happy, which made John shudder, because it had been something highly illegal, but also incredibly dangerous.
. When Mary had shot Sherlock, the consulting detective had nearly died, but it was so much worse, so much more serious when he had nearly died because he’d wanted to die, that he’d purposefully pumped his body so full of drugs that it would have surely killed him if John had not arrived on time.
“Said he thought he knew of the assailants and had a hunch where they were squatting. He snuck in at night and stole it back. Couldn’t find my phone or wallet but those are replaceable. As for why,” He pauses and gives John an amused look and John lowers his eyes in embarrassment, “I don’t know. He’s a good person and his best friend’s friend got mugged? Honestly, I don’t know why he didn’t just go to the police if he knew where they were and get them to find the watch but…” He trails off with a shrug and smiles down at his watch again.
“Oh?” John can’t help but stare up at the man, his face shadowed in the dim light of the living room.
John tried to answer but his throat was unhelpfully made of sandpaper. Sherlock reached over to the bedside table, dumping what looked like a damp flannel on the wood before bringing a glass of cool water to John’s dry lips.
John rubs a tired hand down his face, closing the door as softly as possible before padding back to the bed, wishing for his gun. He rearranges his pillows so they are all stacked one on top of the other at the head of the mattress before laying back, head elevated and eyes level to the door.
But when John tells Sherlock he loves him, a great many nights after this one, Sherlock says it back.
He doesn’t even register who voices the query, thoughts spinning wildly and he looks over himself. His face is smooth and wrinkle-free. Hair the dusty blonde he remembers before it had developed the silvery highlights of age. He glances down at his hands, at the soft and plump flesh only the youth can possess, at the uncalloused fingertips. “Oh my god,” he breathes, reaching upwards to brush those fingertips across the delicate skin of his face. He pulls at the neck of his jumper with a shaking hand, tugs the material down and to the side to bare his shoulder. Inhales deeply. Nothing. Not a mark. He prods at the undamaged skin. Checks his other shoulder, just in case. Nothing. “Oh my god,” he declares again. He looks up in astonishment. Toby and Evie are looking at him like he’s officially lost the plot. Maybe he has.
They hang up. John closes his eyes, rests his forehead against the glass window, handset still pressed to his ear. His head is still pounding a bit, but the dizziness has subsided thankfully. He wishes he had memorised Mycroft’s number. Mrs Hudsons. Molly’s, Greg’s, anyone elses really. Now he’s utterly lost. Figuratively and literally. There’s a sharp rap on the glass under his face and he jumps away in surprise. Toby is grinning at him, he mouths, ‘Any luck?’ and John shakes his head. He places the phone back and steps out of the box.
“I don’t know what I-” Mycroft stops, the admission apparently not sitting well in his mouth. He casts a look at John over his shoulder, face unreadable. “I have to be back in London by the morning,” an odd smile tilts his lips. “If I asked you to keep an eye on him, am I to assume you would take that as spying?”
“When you kissed me?” Sherlock prompts lightly, scrubbing a hand in his hair and making it stand up in every direction.
Sherlock nods once, then moves to close the door in John's face. John catches it before he can do so, and roughly pushes it open again.
“Tu es beau,” he had said tenderly. Titled Sherlock’s face to make sure he was making eye contact, then switching to english to make the message clear. “But you are a child.”
“I’m looking for-” Alex begins, starting to sound a little flustered as the sound of rapidly approaching feet drifts towards them.
Turns out, something could, because when they had got home, John had slammed the door shut, grabbed Sherlock’s face between his hands and pressed their foreheads together while hissing, “How dare he touch you, how
John let out a loud groan and bowed his head, listening to Sherlock babble excitedly about how the different sizes and brands determine this and that and John honestly didn't want to know and effectively tuned him out. Even still, John always found Sherlock’s unlimited enthusiasm utterly refreshing, the almost child-like passion that hadn’t been damped by age or self-neglect. John often wondered how Sherlock had so much energy, considering his ‘I’ll Sleep When I’m Dead’ attitude to his wellbeing. Then again, the man did drink a hell of a lot of caffeine. Not for the first time, John hoped that was the only stimulant Sherlock was dabbling in these days.
John can’t disagree with that and smiles a bit at his friend. He frowns suddenly. “He did call the police though?”
“I’m not trying to drug you, John. What would be the point? You’re already in my house.” Sherlock grins, excessively wide and full of teeth.
Sherlock didn’t get a taxi home. Of course, they were useful, but they kept you confined within a bubble, and if there was one thing Sherlock could not stand, it was confinement. It reminded him of his awful childhood – if you could call it that!
“Why, Mycroft? You weren’t keen on me being here when I first moved in, so why am I suddenly needed so badly? Why not just let Sherlock get on with his life without me? It wouldn’t have made any difference.”
Sherlock returned to the present and looked over at his flat-mate, who seemed to be calming down, although the tears were still rolling down his face. Panic attack, and a nasty one, probably brought on by the heightened anxiety which had ensnared John, causing irrational panicking whenever he was away from Sherlock. Irrational as it was, thought Sherlock, it was understandable. John had lost Sherlock once before, and he never wanted to lose him again. Obviously the very idea had put him in such a state that he had nearly passed out in the middle of the day, in front of a large number of people. He reached out and took John’s wrist, his long, slender fingers pinpointing the location of John’s pulse. It was fast, but slowing. The soldier’s hands were trembling. John was still repeating the breathing exercises and made no attempt to stop Sherlock. To an onlooker, they could pass as a couple, but John and Sherlock did not care.
“I just- It was really hard for me to accept the fact that he had really died. I completely blamed myself for it as well. And I had finally begun to come to terms with that. It was finally beginning to register to me that Sherlock had left my life for good. And I trained my mind to remember that he was dead, and that I should get used to it. So I did. I adjusted to a painful life without my best friend.”
"Who'd have thought you, of all people would be able to get along with Sherlock Holmes. You're impossibly nice and intelligent and he's just… well, he's Sherlock." Lestrade let out a short laugh of disbelief, before moving to the rest of the team to debrief them of the exchange between John, Sherlock and Liz. He called back over his shoulder, "perhaps I should bring you along to more cases, Miller!"
“We met, of all places, in front of Tesco’s some infuriatingly cold winters day. The kind of day that made you worry about your fingers and toes because you’ve lost all feeling in them. I was simply walking by on the way to Mycroft’s to have dinner with our parents. As you can imagine, I was in a foul mood.”
Both Lestrade’s and Sherlock’s eyes snapped towards him. Lestrade’s eyes were impassive, keen to move on with the case and make an arrest before the day ended and so moved over the crime scene once again, checking and double checking everything Sherlock had just told them, even though there was absolutely no doubt. Sherlock however, didn’t look away. He fixed his gaze on John for a few moments longer, before breaking out into a half-smile. John returned it and Sherlock turned back to Lestrade.
"Quite a lot," Mycroft replied easily. "It's par for the course for a man in my position to hear lies all day. From you, Detective Inspector, I would expect to hear the truth."
"My brother is a private matter. I'm sure you understand, Detective Inspector." He could virtually see Holmes raising one drawbridge after another in order to make his fortress as impenetrable as possible.
"I'm not hungry," Sherlock declined the offer. "I'll be dining with John this evening." He deliberately didn't say
Sherlock nodded, and appeared so lost that John felt the overwhelming urge to go to him and kiss him … to assure him that everything was fine... that he wasn't angry at him… could never be angry … at least not for long...
Sherlock's climax happened without fanfare. There was no sign of it aside from a quick, loud breath against John's shoulder and hot, sticky ejaculate on John's fingers. No twitch, no groan, no contraction either announced or accompanied it. His orgasm was a smooth transition, a threshold that was crossed with barely a notice, and John continued to caress his erection, which was slow to deflate.
"Anyway..." the man remarked with a strange gleam in his eyes as he switched off his phone. "That wiretap app we snuck onto good old Charlie's phone was really quite helpful." He pulled the earbuds out of his ears and stowed them in the front pocket of his jeans, along with his phone. "It let us turn on his device and listen in - all without anyone being the wiser. Now at least we know everything he spilled." He jammed his hands into his pockets and watched with a bored demeanour as Moran continued disassembling his rifle, carefully placing each part into an inconspicuous case.
Why in the world John let him get away with it was a mystery even to him. John Watson did not cuddle! But there was something else going on with Sherlock … when he rested his cheek on John's knee, there was something so trusting in the gesture that John didn't want to disturb it for anything in the world. After all, it was rather nice to have someone around who displayed such unconditional admiration - almost adoration - as Sherlock did. Even if that adoration was directed mainly at John's artful gratification of Sherlock's sexual lusts, it still flattered John's vanity.
But... the way things look... not even your extraordinary brain can work properly without a sufficient supply of blood."
“How should I know?” Irene exclaimed hotly. “Crossword puzzles, sudoku, stamp collecting, crocheting lace doilies...”
John was quite taken with it. He enjoyed being stimulated and teased like this. The tosser's mouth wasn't just cocky; it was talented. He must not have been exaggerating when he'd said he had extraordinary abilities in this area. Fuck – that hot mouth felt unbelievably good!
"Yeah, the gardener and one of the maids. My bodyguards switch off. One of them always sleeps here, though," John explained and continued up the stairs. "Sometimes Bridges, the chauffeur. Depends whether it's been a long day and if I'll need him again first thing in the morning."
John was working at home today, which meant Naresh or Dave were also in the house. The only question was - where?
As soon as he set foot in the doorway, however, he remembered that he'd taken a bath with John and was clean – he didn't need to shower, as he usually did after working. He stopped where he was; his routine had been broken, and he didn't know what to do instead.
"I never thought of it quite like that before..." Mycroft finally said in a slow, almost hesitant voice.
"I think it's essential for men in our position to have people they can trust. Don't you?" he explained with all the calm and condescension he was capable of at the moment.
"No," he replied reluctantly. "Not the laptop. It'd be too suspicious if it were missing. But... his phone... I want to have a look at the call history, at least."
But a single blink from Sherlock was enough to put an end to the fantasy. John ascertained with a feeling of resignation that Sherlock wasn't about to pour out his heart and ease his conscience today either... he apparently still wasn't ready. The thought caused John pain - unforeseen and sharp - but who could blame Sherlock for his lack of trust? After everything... after everything that had happened.
"He isn't MY policeman," Mycroft gritted out before continuing with deliberate superiority: "He's... a detective inspector."
As he leaned back and his stroking motions on his half-hard penis intensified, he wondered briefly what had happened to those men who had cheated on John.
his brain prompted him helpfully. And now? Would Sherlock expect declarations of love from him? Declarations and promises he'd done his utmost to avoid in the past because it seemed vulgar, and he had an aversion to sickly sweet drivel like that... Was he going to be forced to say all those things he struggled against, even though they'd been on the tip of his tongue for so long now? Should he say the words he'd thought would never cross his lips again in his lifetime … words he wasn't ready for... might never be ready for? And yet Sherlock truly was the best thing that had ever happened to him. His life with Sherlock the past few weeks had been better - happier, even - than all the past few years put together. And John didn't want any of that to change. If it were up to him, everything would simply continue as it was now. There was no need to tinker with a system that was running perfectly well.
"No - I … I want to see you." God, yes - he wanted to see John's eyes when he entered him, when he plunged deep inside, when he released inside him. Wanted to see that light in those deep blue eyes once again. That light and that happiness, for which - as unbelievable as it might sound - he was the cause. He … Sherlock Sigerson, who had never known happiness before in his life. He could barely comprehend that he was the reason for that glow … that he was responsible for that happiness. He wanted to see it. He
That only left aggression. Sherlock was going to have to stand in for the culprit as the whipping boy. John would yell at him, and presumably also get physical. The question was how much force John would use. Was Sherlock up to handling an attack made in anger? Of course he was. Even more so if his opponent was intoxicated and not fully in control of his faculties... at least as long as it remained a matter of fisticuffs.
"How many pairs of pants does that make today then?" John asked with a clear trace of amusement in his voice.
John took this as a confirmation of his suspicion that Sherlock had never received enough affection and caring attention in his life. He'd suspected it for quite some time, but to have the physical proof right here under his hands and lips was something else, and he was seized by the desire to reckon with all those people who had committed such sins of omission against Sherlock. But if he knew Sherlock at all, he wouldn't want any belated acts of retaliation. He already reacted with such surprise whenever he found out that John had stood up for him.
"Have you been good?" John asked, recalling with satisfaction the fire in Sherlock's eyes when John had slapped him on his - still extremely sensitive - backside before he left.
John bit down on his lips and didn't say anything. He'd said too much in his fury. He needed to watch out if he didn't want Moriarty to guess that he'd just phoned Mycroft a short while ago. Moriarty would become suspicious if he knew that. On the other hand, John wanted to gain time and the easiest way to do that was to keep him talking. He hadn't had any better ideas at the moment than to mention Donovan. He would have liked to give Sherlock - who was holding out next to Moriarty with the patience of a saint - a sign... calmed him, let him know that he was working on saving him - them. But he couldn't let anything show. He had no doubt Moriarty would notice if he dared attempt to give Sherlock a signal. And so he tried to filter out Sherlock and his situation as well as he could. He couldn't let himself be distracted - not by anything or anyone. He gritted his teeth and continued to fixate stubbornly on Moriarty, who now smiled scornfully.
"Accountant?" a third man broke in. "Tell me another one. That was some love bite that bloke had on his neck. You could have introduced us ... maybe he'd have liked to join us."
When John returned home from his first meeting with Dr. 'Call-Me-Ella' Thompson, Mike was already waiting for him.
have done? Nothing. You might have had him arrested... maybe there would even have been enough for an indictment... and then? Prison? Don't make me laugh. The way things are now... an acquittal would have been much more likely." John listened, his expression grim. "Personal interests? YOU? Bullshit. Stop trying to sell me that crap. No - I don't trust the police any further than I could throw them... and especially not that Donovan. I'm taking things into my own hands. But if you say
"Good," John said, taking a hearty bite of his toast. Slightly irritated, he followed the path of Sherlock's fork as - just like at dinner the previous night - it traced circles through the eggs without ever being raised to his mouth.
"If only there were a prospect of him putting a ring on my brother's finger..." Mycroft huffed. "But the way I judge John Watson's character, a pair of golden handcuffs would be more likely - and that wouldn't even be the worst part." He sank deeper into the seat of the car, as if he were being pressed down by a heavy weight.
When Sherlock did nothing more than bite his lips and shake his head slightly, John favoured him with his friendliest smile and placed one hand on his unbelievably hot erection. With gentle pressure, he pushed down on it until it was lying flat on Sherlock's stomach, where the muscles were twitching intermittently. Then he brushed the flat of his hand lightly down the length of Sherlock's hard cock, while with his other hand, in a gesture that was almost ironic in its tenderness, he stroked the smooth-shaven testicles that were nestled, full and tight, against his body.
Several years ago, I read an article in a magazine about women and submissiveness and S & M. Among other things, one woman was interviewed who was a psychotherapist or in a self-help group or something (I don't recall exactly, unfortunately), and this women said that there are women who cling to their relationships with their violent partners even though they suffer from the psychological abuse because they like the rough sex. Women like that sometimes don't know how to express that desire, or they have the feeling that something is wrong with them and never even consider that they might be better off in a loving S & M relationship than in a relationship filled with domestic abuse.
Sherlock feverishly tried to think of a way to assuage John's guilty conscience and stop him from laying the riding crop aside. Sherlock's entire being was gasping for the scene to continue... he needed it almost as badly as he needed air to breathe... needed John's strictness, not his...
John tapped his toe nervously against the gleaming parquet floor, making sure no one saw him. Displaying a weakness in a room full of mobsters could be fatal to a man in his position.
When he handed Mycroft his glass, the other man said, "Personally, I prefer a tulip glass to a snifter. It retains the aroma much better."
A little unsurely, Sherlock bided his time, watching and waiting for John's reaction to his question (and to his indirect refusal to obey an order), and found to his astonishment that anger and shame were fighting for control over John's face. But the anger wasn't directed at Sherlock. That was clear. Was John actually angry at himself? Good gracious, whatever for?
. Sherlock sighed. Sanity was going to have to take a back seat this time... as it so often did between them. But he could live with that too.
When John stated his offer, it was Irene's turn to break out in tinkling laughter. "Oh no," she cried, still laughing. "Not a chance. That doesn't even cover half of what he'd normally bring in for me."
The words echoed in Sherlock's head. But then John had caressed his cheek so lovingly... Sherlock didn't know what to make of these mixed signals anymore.
. His mind was occupied with entirely different considerations. How much did John know? Was he playing cat and mouse with him? He wouldn't put it past him... it would fit in with his sadistic tendencies... but was he really as cruel as that? Sherlock didn't know. He simply didn't know. He, who had always found it easy to read people, to divine their secrets, was failing right at this decisive moment. His talents had left him in the lurch before where John was concerned. But did it have to be now?
"Why just make him see reason? Why don't you go ahead and eliminate him?" asked Sherlock, to whom the practical value of such an approach made complete and utter sense.
In the end, John went through the security gate first. The officer nodded and John let out an involuntary sigh of relief. Everything was fine. No beep. Even all his belongings had survived the check without being harmed or causing problems. Just when John put his jacket back on, the metal detector behind him went off.
Sherlock truly didn't appear to have noticed anything about John's internal disquiet, as he merely shrugged his shoulders. "I'm not stupid. I know how to use a search engine. And I'm certain that you're not just in it for the
John sat in the same chair he always sat in when he had an appointment with Call-Me-Ella. She sat across from him, collected and professional as ever, taking notes on a pad of paper while he obsessively drummed his fingers on the arms of his chair.
"Might it be... that that brilliant brain of yours has come to the completely wrong conclusion that you need to make yourself useful around here, no matter what?" John asked gently.
"At least you own up to it," John said with a nefarious grin. "Go to that ladder over there." John nodded toward the aluminium stepladder. "Hands on the rungs and spread your legs nice and wide."
"I remember quite well, sir," Lestrade countered with practised courtesy. "Your campaign posters weren't the first reminder either; there have been one or two articles in the papers over the past couple of years. I never forget a face, and I rarely forget a name." He cleared his throat. "How's your brother doing anyway? His name hasn't shown up on the record since then … at least as far as I know. It didn't come up during your campaign at any rate. I hope there's nothing..."
, Sherlock would certainly do him the favour; John was sure of it. Still, he'd been going back and forth with himself ever since he'd taken the box out. Was it right to ask for a favour like that? Was it right of him to demand something like
Sherlock swallowed, anticipating what was coming, and watched with his eyes flung wide as John pulled his arm back. It was impossible to guess where the blow would land. Thigh, chest, stomach - or...
A whimper lurked deep in Sherlock's throat. Tension... anticipation... expectation... How much pressure would John need to exert to penetrate him with this rod? How far would his urethra be dilated? Would the small, oh-so-familiar slit at the end of his penis be wider at the end of the day? Open? Incapable of closing? At least for a while?
"John..." Sherlock groaned, and now it sounded rather annoyed. "What for? Why should I use my safeword now, of all times? Can you tell me... ooooohhhhh..."
A short time later, he was holding the door open for Irene, who entered with regal bearing. A mischievous impulse came over Sherlock at the sight.
When Mike said good-bye that evening, he promised to have a look around for a maid, and John promised in return to think about which of Jacques' duties could be relegated to Thomas. Just then, Sherlock's phone buzzed in his trouser pocket.
"Insatiable," John scolded him, shaking his head in amusement. "Do you think you can come like this?"
Sherlock took a deep breath. What he was about to say was painful but it had to be said. For one thing, it gave him the perfect excuse, and for another, John obviously hadn't thought of everything.
The riding crop glided across his thigh in a caress, over his hips, and forward to his genitals. Sherlock gasped softly and held his breath. Was John going to hit him there? His heart raced like mad at the thought and a shiver ran down his back. Fear and lust ran together in his head until he couldn't think straight anymore.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not really..." The words seemed to have difficulty getting past his lips. "It's just... unpleasant."
John clenched his toes inside his shoes. The scepticism and mistrust were written all over both men's faces. Of course there were two explanations for what had happened... someone didn't want John to find out the name of whoever it was that had posed as John's messenger, or... John had wanted to prevent anyone finding out that he actually was behind it all.
"That was just the beginning," John said softly, let the thin piece of metal drop casually onto the tray, and took the next one out of the dish. He dribbled some more gel onto the head of Sherlock's penis and rested the end of the rod against the opening. "Ready?" he asked, only to let the sound slide into the hole without waiting for an answer.
Sherlock shuddered visibly at the words, but he was still able to appear cool and disdainful. "You'd never know for sure."
"My brother..." Mycroft Holmes leaned forward in his chair and continued very insistently: "My brother is not worth your time. Believe me."
Sherlock would have liked nothing better than to give himself a good, hard kick in the arse. Maybe he should apologise? He opened his mouth, but the words that came out were anything other than an apology.
A faint but nevertheless traitorous blush spread over Sherlock's prominent cheekbones as he answered evasively, "I owe Miss Adler a favour."
Jack sniffed loudly. "Lucky thing Moran introduced us to the boss. This way we're the first ones who..."
The tip of John's tongue passed across his upper lip, and Sherlock's gaze fogged over for a moment. Then John was gone, and Sherlock was left alone with Billy.
The willingness with which Sherlock carried out the act of submission took John's breath away, made his throat go dry, and caused his penis to throb again – although still, unfortunately, in vain.
But knowing that the bastard had touched Sherlock... had his hands on him... right there... had desecrated something with his filthy fingers that had such a special meaning to John...
Six months ago, the trail of a diamond smuggling ring had led them to that shop. It had been a clever coup. The diamonds had been rolled up inside cigars and smuggled through customs in that way. The shop's owner was innocent, but one of his employees now sat behind bars. The shop owner had been so grateful he'd gifted Sherlock with a big box of exquisite cigarillos, which had been received with eager surprise. Finally, a sensible gift, not like those cuff links or other superfluous junk!
John tried to find a comfortable position on the back seat, only to give up after a while. He was much too keyed up. His decision to go to Mike's was spot on. What he needed now was to spend an evening with his friends. Just Mike, Susan, and himself... a couple of glasses of Chianti and Susan's delectable spaghetti Alfredo, made the way only she could make it. Just to get away from everything for a couple of hours. To pretend, just for a couple of hours, that they were all still 25 years old ... full of plans... full of hopes... full of confidence.
"Yeah, it did," John replied absently. He stared blankly at his records, realising that he had no idea what he'd read during the last five minutes. With a soft groan, he cast an eye over the other two folders waiting for him to look them over. Then he closed the folder that was lying in front of him and pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger.
"There's still plenty there," Sherlock responded, sounding both exhausted and rather pleased with himself.
“Priapism. I know,” Sherlock interrupted, both bored and impatient. “No, it hasn't been on high alert the whole time. I've let it
Sherlock, on the other hand, was of a different opinion. Her supposedly caring behaviour irritated him like a scratchy tag in a new shirt. He knew exactly what she aimed to achieve with the forced rest periods... on the one hand, she was giving Sherlock a day to recover, which he did need once in a while, as John demanded quite a lot of him both physically and mentally, even if Sherlock enjoyed every single second of those experiences. On the other hand, she wanted to avoid John finding any marks on Sherlock's body that might have been caused by other guests.
Then he got up, slipped into his dressing gown, and went to fetch his instrument from his old room, where he was keeping it. When he returned, he flipped open the violin case. He set the violin on his shoulder and tuned it quickly. A warm smile flitted across Sherlock's lips before he finally began playing.
"That's Superman, not Batman," John corrected him. "But fine. Then I won't keep you on tenterhooks any longer," he said, finally taking the metal cylinder out of his breast pocket, opening the screw-top lid and letting the cigar slide out partway into the palm of his hand.
Sherlock reached out his hand. He watched as if from a distance as his long fingers hovered over the door handle. Then they closed around the cool metal and opened the door.
The light was so different from what had been there before that Mike wondered how he could have fallen for it for even a second, how he could have been stupid enough to think that Sherlock would ever pretend with John. He recalled how Sherlock had assured him he would never use his charms on John because John would see through them right away. Mike allowed himself a brief sigh of relief. Sherlock was no faker. At least not with John, and that was all that mattered.
"I'll go talk to Miss Adler right afterwards," John murmured into Sherlock's wet curls after what seemed like an eternity.
"That was Sherlock Sigerson," John answered tersely. It wasn't his intention to keep his relationship with Sherlock a secret, but he hadn't planned on revealing it in this manner.
"Possibly," he finally said in a disinterested tone, adding a tight smile that took some effort to squeeze out.
"How did you find me?" Victor finally managed to ask, his voice trembling, which threw John completely for a loop.
"Insatiable slut," John scolded him, pushing Sherlock down onto his knees between his spread legs. "Maybe this will finally stop your backtalk," he muttered in a husky voice, opened his flies, took a condom out of the inside pocket of his jacket, tore open the package, and rolled it down over his fully erect penis with a practiced motion.
"May I?" John breathed into his ear, and Sherlock shivered with pleasure. He wasn't just being polite and it wasn't a rhetorical question. He was actually asking for permission.
Sherlock lay there, his eyes closed, ignoring his aching body, and heard the sound of John snoring lightly.
"I'm not going to coddle you - I'll work you hard. You've seen how lost we are without your input," John said, enjoying the way Sherlock's face lit up.
John stared into the distance, lost in thought. "It was your brother you were hiding from this whole time then," he remarked with sudden insight.
"We'll probably have to sit down at some point to discuss all of this," John said to Moran. "You'll hear from me."
Over the course of those days without John, he serviced his clientele in his accustomed manner, with his hands, mouth, and arse – the latter body part offered up only for the occasional beating – when it was required.
“I can't,” John admitted. “People are going to be interested in you. But... that doesn't matter! You're safe with me. As safe as houses. No one, absolutely no one, is allowed in my house without being checked over first. The property is guarded and kept under surveillance. I have an army of bodyguards on my payroll. Did you really think I of all people wouldn't have any enemies myself?” John laughed bitterly.
It was quite unlike Sherlock, but he'd completely forgot that John had mentioned a reward, in spite of everything.
Sherlock was astonished himself. Although it had no scientific basis and was completely illogical, the spot John had kissed and blown on actually did hurt less. Sherlock had a vague memory of his mother treating his scraped knees in the same manner, and it hadn't hurt as much then either. In the Holmes household, on the other hand, although he'd always been cared for in an exemplary manner, no one had ever kissed his injuries or murmured soothing words when a plaster needed to be applied. At some point, Sherlock had become too old for such things anyway, and it was left to him to put on his plasters - or not. His memories of the tender care of a loving mother had finally faded to the point that Sherlock wasn't quite sure anymore whether they were true, or whether they were simply a wish he'd had as a small boy... a wish so strong that it had formed a false memory.
"Say what you have to say, Watson," Albright declared. "Moran's my right hand - I don't have any secrets from him."
“Because I'm not just the most impertinent, but also the best and hottest cocksucker you've ever met or ever will meet in your life,” Sherlock growled in a low, deep voice, reached straight between John's legs and licked at his earlobe. Sherlock's quicksilver motions and complete shamelessness never failed to fascinate and arouse John. This time was no exception – and before he knew what was happening, he felt Sherlock's fingers stimulating his half-hard cock through the material of his trousers.
Sherlock took a deep breath and repeated his remark with a rare show of patience. "I said: as if you'd let a chance at phone sex pass you by."
It wasn't unusual in the mob to go about things in such a manner, but it was never well received, which was why John had never resorted to such a highly questionable disciplinary measure. In a regime like that, everyone feared being next, which made for a poor working atmosphere and had never ended well in the long run for any boss who favoured that particular management style. Sooner or later, the boss in question would be retired permanently... to a cemetery.
Angry about himself, John ground his teeth and almost didn’t notice that Sherlock was picking up his belongings. Just when his friend brushed past him in his billowing coat, John finally came back to his senses.
"When someone's as good at it as you are... then the answer is yes," Sherlock replied without hesitating as he stretched and writhed in a highly enticing manner.
But then Sherlock's cries changed, becoming more sharp and breathless, and John prepared to react quickly any second now.
for me," she responded in a tone of voice that indicated any further discussion would be superfluous. "He's more than earned the strawberries."
"I'm healthy!" Sherlock said to put an end to any further panic. "After you straightened me out that one time, I had a test done. Everything's fine. And I've only engaged in
"You and that impudent mouth of yours... I should really..." John drew in a sharp breath when Sherlock took most of his erection into his mouth at once. "Oooooohhhhh... fuuuuck," John panted.
One hand shakily sought out his head to grab his hair and John stopped sucking. Instead, he licked at the soft, hot skin with his flat tongue. He used the tip of his tongue to toy with the ring until Sherlock’s hand disappeared again and he was now clearly busy getting himself off.
At that point, a shudder ran through the slender body, and John could literally feel the tension leeching away as Sherlock virtually became putty in his hands.
His eyes flew over Sherlock's body, trying to take in every detail in an attempt to see if he were injured after all. Sherlock was tied up and gagged, which solved the mystery of why he hadn't drawn attention to himself earlier. It simply hadn't been possible for him to call out to John or warn him in any other way. At any other time, John would have said Sherlock's bonds were an excellent example of bondage play. Now, they just made him sick. Sherlock's arms were tied behind his back, and it looked as if his lower arms were completely bound together. Another piece of rope was wrapped around his thighs so that he was only able to hobble along, making it additionally impossible for him to ram either of his knees into certain opposing body parts.
"Let's put it this way," John said, grinning guiltily while he waited for Bridges to open the door to the back seat of the car. "It looked a little like uncooked egg."
"Overall, things aren't so bad," Greg concluded his brief report. "Violent crimes are on the decline, robberies as well. It's got pretty quiet. Almost too quiet, you'd think... if it weren't for a sharp increase in the death rate in certain quarters." Greg studied the mayor closely. He didn't intend to miss a single blink, twitch, or any other telltale movement. But there was nothing. Holmes' face was like a calm lake in the middle of the woods, its flat, mirror-like surface undisturbed by a single ripple. A peaceful image - and yet the reflection blocked any view of the lake's dark depths... any chasms that might lurk there remained hidden from the observer.
"I just know. You've also never been penetrated, right?" Sherlock tossed the question back at him. When John nodded and ran a hand shakily through his hair, Sherlock continued, "Why not?"
In record time, Sherlock had conjured up a hard, throbbing erection, which he pushed deep into his throat for the third time now, going at an agonisingly slow pace. The sensual slow-motion almost drove John mad and yet he endured it, let Sherlock torment him the same way he'd tormented Sherlock earlier. He let Sherlock swallow him twice more to the hilt while he hummed. The vibrations around his hard flesh were magnificent, and practically certain to drive a man insane. When Sherlock let him go far enough that he was just suckling on the glans, John seized his chance and dragged Sherlock up by the hair.
