Dean slammed his fist on the table, standing up too. They were both glaring at each other now, leaning in as far as the stupid dining table would allow. “Well stop asking the Goddamn fucking questions, then! For fuck’s sake, who fucking asked you? I know
Castiel smiled at the road. “I suppose that wouldn’t be a hardship. What’s something you want to know?”
“They thought I was hurt from the fire,” Dean said, realizing a second before Castiel what had just happened. “My legs... They didn’t know it was me.”
what he did, Dean,” Castiel said quietly. “I know that no stupid bouquet of flowers and choice words will ever excuse it. And I know you would have accepted the apology anyway.”
“You said your father taught you?”
The man drew back to do it again, but Castiel rose from his chair and stepped forward. “That’s enough,” he managed, reaching out with both hands to block the path of Alastair’s arm should he proceed to swing. “We need him in good health if this is going to work.” Castiel didn’t dare mention that it felt
Overall, Dean was almost in better health now than when he’d been a simple crown prince. It was odd to think about. If Dean really wanted to analyze, he guessed he could put a lot of it on the fact that he wasn’t constantly training and fighting. Without John breathing down his neck, he could be safe and healthy. Being with Castiel was intense, yes, but it was also fun and relaxed. Between training sessions and flights that made Dean’s knees weak with terror, there was also time to go to Eden and watch the stars, to lounge around in the sun on the lake, to see who could catch more fish in a shorter amount of time. Castiel always won that last one, partially because he scared all the fish away from Dean’s hook when he dove in with his enormous wings and tail.
“I would like to propose a deal,” he murmured quietly into the cold Kansas morning.
Maybe that was a habit he needed to break. Maybe that was the last little bit he needed to be perfect. God, did Dean want to be perfect. He wanted to be enough, at the very least. Enough for Michael’s love, enough for his own, since he’d never earn Castiel’s.
“Of course I am.” Castiel sighed and looked up at his co-captain, managing a weak smile. “What would I do without you?”
“Winchester, Novak, pay attention!” Coach Singer roared from somewhere behind them. Both Dean and Castiel jumped. “You’ve missed the past three splits for your teammates!”
Castiel pulled back, frowning at him. “You said you wanted to go down. We went down.”
“You too, Mike.”
Castiel ended up taking another step back, allowing them both the space they needed to flip Dean over. They cleaned his wounds and began to assess the damage, voices low and urgent. Castiel waited and watched, the blood drying his own shirt to a tacky mess, his wings twitching with impatience every so often.
“Good. Get ready now,” Coach Shurley said.
“Cas, you didn’t have to,” Dean said, unable to do much more than blink as Castiel began to wash out the bowl, not a trace of disgust or unhappiness on his face.
He focused on something good that had happened. There wasn’t much, but Dean’s mind jumped immediately to the hug he had shared with Cas outside his bedroom. Hugging Castiel always felt amazing. His friend gave the best hugs Dean had ever experienced in his life. His arms were warm and strong and squeezed just the right amount, and he always knew
“I don’t want you gone,” Dean rasped, voice breaking on the last word. “I want you here, with me. I thought… I thought a fuckin’ garden would be good, ‘cause then you’d want to stay more, and maybe I was right, but it’s still winter and there’s not much to do, but I researched and there’s winter vegetables, and there’s some flowers that are pretty resilient, too, and in the summer it would be better, ‘cause you could plant whatever the hell you wanted and have all the bees you wanted and I would even
Dean wasn’t so lucky. His leg healed, leaving an enormous scar that twisted the thick muscle of his thigh. It made it hard for him to walk sometimes, particularly when it was really cold or when he’d been using his legs a lot. It was frustrating for the human sometimes, but Castiel assured him that he was no less of a warrior because of it. If anything, the scar served to make him seem even more intimidating.
“Don’t,” Castiel advised, though he knew it was a useless thing to say. Dean had a gleam in his eye, one that told Castiel he’d better put on his seatbelt and remember where Dean’s license and registration were in case they got pulled over.
“Oh.” Dean nodded. He liked the Moon. It was pretty and silver.
“Yes,” Castiel said, tone snapping a little as his thin patience wore through. “Isn’t that what you wanted? Why give me advice if you don’t want me to follow it?”
They climbed up next to the timer and the referee and began to shout themselves hoarse. As the other relay teams finally reached their last lap, Benny finished his.
turn.”
Dean nodded, sobering slightly. He followed Castiel down the bleacher steps, nearly tripping as they reached the bottom. Castiel tugged him through the mass crowd of people, the two boys weaving through the chaos of the pool deck.
It was going to be okay.
“What else?” Dean asked, feeling a little more settled in his skin. The soft stroke of Castiel’s thumb was grounding, keeping him from floating away completely. He already felt better now than he had in the entire past year.
“I thought you didn’t want me,” Dean said quietly. He made a little swirl in the water with his hands, his dorsal fin flicking a little to display his nervousness. “You said... You told me to go, and I did, but only after almost
Dean shrugged. “Food is a great way of bringing people together. It fixes a lot of stuff, reminds us we’re all human, y’know?” He turned his back on the other man to pull out the ingredients for a sandwich, fully aware that the Alpha could kill him whenever he wanted to. “Besides, you already know I ain’t gonna rat you out. Might as well get a free meal out of it, yeah?”
“Fatal?” Castiel asks, and now he’s
The red lollipop in his mouth made a lewd
He wasn’t sure the merman would survive that long.
“Maybe,” Castiel replied, shrugging.
“You’ve already overused that excuse,” Michael snapped. “You didn’t have finals on Friday, nor the last two days either.” He narrowed his eyes at Dean, something dark and angry swimming in the cold blue of his irises. “Imagine my surprise when I called to check up on you and found myself met with your rude, disrespectful roommate instead.”
Castiel hesitated, the curiosity burning in his gut like a wildfire. “Not even a little?”
, but it was better than nothing. And a ham and mustard and mayo and lettuce sandwich was a good start.
Dean glared at the floor, nudging at the corner of the little rug beside the sink with his toe. “I don’t have
, Dean thought, glancing over at his friend. Castiel was still happily engrossed in the movie, watching Brad Pitt punch someone on a concrete floor.
Castiel was shocked to see that his Omega brother was mimicking Dean’s direction, was pointing the barrel of his customized, pink-highlighted .45 at the very brother who had encouraged him to color it. Luke blinked at Gabriel with wide eyes. “What the fuck are you doing?” the second-oldest Novak demanded, the first word anyone had spoken since Azazel had demanded Dean drop the gun.
And yet… Nothing, absolutely
If Dean looked up everything there was to know about Arizona State afterward, well... no one had to know.
“You,” the merman choked out, baring teeth that looked sharper than a normal human’s at Alastair. “You.
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to get some sleep. He had school tomorrow and he’d stayed up late tonight. His body was tired, but his mind kept going in circles, asking questions that Castiel wasn’t sure he wanted answered.
smile that Castiel had first fallen in love with.
Dean shook his head at that, focusing on measuring in the last cup of powdered sugar. “Couldn’t sleep.” His own voice was rough and croaky from disuse. He didn’t bother to clear it.
“What I want is to be cool for the first time in what feels like eternity,” Castiel deadpanned. “This will have to do.”
, Cas, that’s g-good.”
“Yes, probably,” Castiel replied. “We’ll see what happens after State, but I’m definitely thinking about it.”
Castiel shuddered at the memory of that night. It had taken them a day and a half to get back to shore, and four days to get the merman to the laboratory. During those nights, Castiel hadn’t been able to get the memory of the creature being dragged up out of the depths of the ocean out of his mind. The wild, thrashing rain and wind-tossed waves made Castiel shudder, even now. For some reason, the sea had almost seemed
Castiel laid in bed for another few hours, half of them spent wondering why the hell he felt so bad and wishing he could get up and actually
He’d found some leather armor in the back of the cave a few days ago. It didn’t fit him perfectly. It was a little loose around his waist. When he reached forward, he felt the strain of the armor on his back, his broad shoulders pulling on the surprisingly well-kept leather. The shoes, too, were too small. Dean had had to cut and sew the waist so it fit his own. He’d given up on the shoes entirely and just gone with the boots Castiel had given him a few weeks ago. They fit his feet and were sturdy, yet flexible enough that he didn’t have to worry about tripping and falling down a mountainside.
And that was how Dean found himself staring down the next problem of this situation: how the hell two grown men were going to fit into a tiny college apartment bathtub.
“That sounds miserable,” Castiel said. He shifted his arms around Dean’s shoulders. In the next second, his hands had landed on Dean’s head.
Castiel drove home and parked in the empty space where Baby normally sat. He climbed out and tried not to think of the argument he’d just had with Dean, tried not to think of how messed up and tangled this whole situation seemed.
Castiel checked their freezer for some leftover dough from when Dean might have gone on a stress baking spree and smiled when he found several aluminum-foil-wrapped balls, each placed in its own plastic bag with little labels written in Castiel’s own neat handwriting.
“Besides the eyes, there’s the chinks of armor at the chest and belly,” Castiel replied. He frowned. “Those are likely not very reliable. It would take Alastiar exposing his belly for you to even get a chance.” The dragon paused as he thought. “There’s also the oxygen-slats at the juncture of shoulder and chest. They offer access to the lungs, but you’ll need to be precise.”
And then Castiel started their dance again, stroking Dean’s inner thigh, shifting between Dean’s legs.
Charlie shook her head. If it was a real wish, she didn’t want to jinx it by accepting credit. “Best I can do now is work to make your life easier for you. Starting by writing back to all those parents on your behalf, if you’ll let me.”
“What was?”
Castiel was still staring, not touching. “Was it good?”
“Uh? Oh... Yeah,” Dean smiled, reassuring Castiel with a touch to his elbow. “Nothing seeing your fully-formed Patronus won’t help me forget.”
The woman sniffed distastefully. She said something, but Castiel only heard the muttering of his handler Ms. Raglan behind him: “Those kids oughta be in the system. How the heck did they manage to slip through?”
Nobody else heard it, nor would anyone else
mind,” Charlie said, folding her arms and standing in front of Dean. “Is this about you not being out of the closet with your students yet? Are you freaking out about the rumours?”
magazine. He collected magical herbs, and he’d catalogue them by discovery date and then by usefulness. Sometimes the dorm room got too loud for him to concentrate so he’d go outside. He’d go up and sit on the sand to think, where students weren’t allowed to go without permission. Sometimes he’d watch the house elves play a ball game he could never figure out the point of. He never much liked sports.
“So I discovered.” Dean shoved fingers into a pocket, head down as he grinned, scuffing the gritty roadside with a heel. “Guess y’all don’t like praying on Saturdays.”
He looked up, biting off a tiny corner of his sandwich, then grimacing and putting the sandwich down. “When it comes to making mistakes – hey, we all do it. We screw up, something embarrassing, something annoying. Maybe it’s a bigger mistake. Who knows. But the thing is, we gotta pick ourselves back up, admit that, yeah, that didn’t go as planned. But like we shouldn’t kick other people when they’re down, don’t kick yourself. You know? Move past a mistake. And learn from it.”
Castiel swallowed, tightening up the cord that attached his letter to the leg of his chosen phoenix. He had to tell the bird where to go now, so he stood straight and recited, “Offices of
Castiel looked at Dean blankly. “I don’t understand that reference.”
Castiel laughed at the mental image. Watching Castiel chuckle, Dean soon stopped looking so offended, and he began to smile, seeing the funny side.
There was chagrin aplenty in Castiel’s eyes, and Dean felt a spark of challenge rise up through him, finally seeing the man he’d played pool with. As a grin spread, his posture emboldened, and he gave a fierce up-nod.
you’re autistic. It’s so much
The living room wasn’t large at all; five people barely fit, but the luggage made it impossible to walk. Castiel held onto his things, both hands grasping the handle of his single suitcase.
“You’re doin’ it on purpose,” Dean complained. “Look, it’s right
Dean clapped Castiel on the arm, then cocked his head, indicating that he had more work to do inside the truck. Castiel waved gently and let him go, then turned away, and went to put his gifted BBQ into the mini-fridge.
Dean let out a satisfied noise, enjoying the sight of Castiel’s cockhead disappearing and reappearing in the circle of his fingers. For all the years of Dean’s imaginings, he’d never seen such a sight in reality.
Of course, a mask didn’t keep some people from being recognisable. Castiel smiled as he spotted Mei, her floating chair spinning as she held out her hands to her friends, laughing as they danced in a circle. Castiel also saw Principal Moseley walking around the edge of the room and talking to students, a parchment in one hand and a quill in the other. Her purple ball gown was like an upturned tulip, sweeping the floor behind her.
“That’s what I came in here to do,” Sam said, pulling fresh underwear out of his bag. The bunny mattress dipped deeply under the weight of his feet.
” He blinked twice, eyes drifting. “Well, I suppose it ought to be called making love...”
“Hm. We got sweet potato? And garlic and onion and bell peppers. Green beans. How ‘bout roasted?”
Castiel took one from the drying rack and shoved it under Dean’s spatula, letting him drop all three, then go back for the fourth.
of a supermarket. If the Muggles found out the extent of what we could and couldn’t do, they probably wouldn’t believe it.”
Castiel gasped, pressing himself against the base of the desk. “I was fine all day! I was clear-headed and
“Then you came back.”
Castiel sat quietly at a round dining table, his legs stretched out on the tiles, one leg draped with the white tablecloth. He twiddled a silver fork between a thumb and his forefinger, eyes following the smooth movements of the students on the dancefloor. The corners of his sight were dark, as his mask hovered before his face, the eye-holes cut in curves to follow the shape of the blue, black and silver embroidery. A single grey pheasant feather leapt up from beside his ear, trailing in a soft sweep over his head.
“Hey.” Dean ducked his head, trying to meet Castiel’s downturned eyes. “Cas, you okay?”
Dean’s lips parted, and he smiled gently. “Uh.” He thought for a while, trying to form words from the images in his mind: naked skin, bold and curious touches, the shape of Castiel’s mouth as he moaned in pleasure.
In a sullen daze, Castiel watched the dresses skimming the tiles, heeled shoes and bare feet kicked out from under hems. He watched purple fabric parade after gold, then red fading between white and black, and finally his eyes locked onto a dazzling green dress, a colour that made him smile. It was lost among twenty other colours, more young women and well-dressed young men, all their faces anonymous.
Dean looked up.
Castiel blinked a few times, wondering if Dean was teasing him.
“Afternoon, sir,” said another.
, in the year that I’ve known you, have you ever actually made anything that sucked? Legitimately sucked, I mean.”
The door to the ensuite bathroom was directly ahead, half-open. Dean was swaying about in a gentle dance, still singing off-key, “
good at Charms.”
Castiel made a hummy, squeaky noise, and Dean blushed, realising they both rushed with excitement at the same time. Perhaps it was their proximity, or the smell of their pre-come hanging in the air, or their breath on each other’s faces or maybe even Dean’s words themselves, but Dean was
Dean smiled, unable to hide his eagerness. He grinned at his lap, nodding. “Kinda. Yeah.”
“No,” Moseley said, more seriously. “I sense a lot of things nobody else does. I wasn’t Head of the Divination Department for twenty years without damn good reason. I’d still be there if I hadn’t taken up the Principal’s position.”
...” He lowered his eyes and pressed his lips in a line. “Well, I’ve been there. It’s not a good place to be. You must take breaks. You must pace yourself. If all you’re doing is feeding information into your brain with the sole purpose of passing the test, you’re not learning correctly.”
he touched like this so often. He didn’t think Castiel would understand right now. All Dean wanted was to come. All he wanted was for Castiel to whisper instructions so Dean could cherish those purring words in his mind, doing as he was told until he reached his peak.
For a couple of minutes, Dean didn’t see much of what Castiel did, as he himself had become dedicated to washing scads of green wavy-edged lettuce, drying it, cutting a set of perfect tomato slices and red onion strings, getting the lamb kebabs out of the pan he’d kept medium-heated, dividing it all into two mounds, then arranging half his lot ever-so-neatly on a salad-covered latke.
, Cas.” Dean grinned. Cas was smarter than Dean could ever hope to be, which just made Dean want to hang around him more. Maybe he could teach Dean a thing or two.
“Oh,” Castiel breathed. Heat seeped into him from below, and it was as though all the furnace-hot hearts of the birds who watched them now burned inside Castiel’s body. It was a comforting, lively feeling.
Castiel swallowed hard. “
Dean bit his lip. “Bet you’d watch me make somethin’ else that looks a lot like Calming Draught,” he said, too sultry for Castiel to handle. “White liquid, kinda gloopy...”
“Sorry,” he said, on autopilot.
Dean looked over, a softness in his green eyes. “Home,” he said quietly. He looked up at the swaying beads, and a tiny rainbow swung across his freckled cheek. “I like that. We’re home.”
Dean grinned, shaking his head. “Stocky. Not drippy, just... firm. And the way you touch – it’s like how you do everything. It’s just a task to you but you’re passionate about it in the meantime. Here—” Dean nudged Castiel’s moving arm with his free hand. “Do it like this.”
of that, I thought I weren’t good enough for him...” She shook her head. “Then I became the Principal, and on that day, he congratulated me with a new room in the castle, full of gorgeous,
“Dean, they’re fine,” Charlie assured him. “He has his wand, he know what he’s doing.”
He turned around in a flash, pulling out Dean’s drawers stuffed with clothes. “Shirts! New shirts, white shirts, green shirts, black shirts,
He smiled over at Castiel, and Charlie felt a bubbling happiness inside her when she saw Castiel smile back.
point did she notice me.” Sam looked up, meeting Skyking’s gaze from across the room. “And you know what she did? She gave me detention. Five times in a row. I missed a Quidditch game, and I thought my life was falling apart.
“A token of promise, let’s say,” Dean smiled. He lifted his head and turned, wanting to meet Castiel’s eyes. He found him sniffing the jasmine flower, while more scatters of white flowers sat sprinkled in his messy hair. “You better hold me at my word, Cas. Five years.”
With his suit jacket hung over the back of his chair, Sam swept his hand down past his tie and took his seat, both hands together on the desk. “Alright,” he said. “Defence Against the Dark Arts. I’ll be your teacher for all of this year, and depending on my contract with the school, possibly next year too. I took Defence class all through my school years; I passed both my B.A.T. and F.R.O.G. examinations with my results marked as ‘Outstanding’. If I have my way, you’ll all do the same.”
Dean felt like he was bursting with energy. He loved teaching more than almost anything, and the sense that overtook him now, with everyone listening to him – it was close to euphoric.
. After four years of barely seeing Dean, Sam was terrified that it could be another four years before he could follow. From now on he’d be legally bound to the school grounds, only allowed out with special permission and a teacher, or a Ministry-appointed handler. If Dean wasn’t there... Sam would have nobody.
He didn’t even need to open his eyes to know his Patronus had emerged, alive and beautiful. Dean blinked, and he grinned, seeing his tiger staring back. Her slitted, content eyes gazed up at him as she smiled.
Nothing, nothing, nothing.
“Once I heard what was going on, what was being said about you all, I decided we gotta stay the way a school ought to be. Teachers are for teaching, not for friendship, and not to fuel gossip. There’s no such thing as too much privacy when it comes to teachers and students.”
“What’s beer made of, Dean?” Castiel intoned.
Castiel looked at the movement all around them, stepping closer to Professor Moondoor. She took his hand and began leading him in a dance before he could even ask. He let her spin him around.
had burst open, and Dean had come swaggering out, sweaty and smoky and gleaming beautifully in the sun. He’d put down empty crates and picked up new ones, and twice vanished into the crowd and come back a half-hour later with a wheely cart stacked with aluminum-covered trays. He’d shot Castiel a grin each time, or Castiel had waved, but a shout from little brother Sammy had dragged Dean’s attention back, each time drawing a “I’m
,” Charlie said, also realising something. “That’s why the mutton was nearly all gone when I got there. I wasn’t the first Charlie Bradbury to show up.”
That person wasn’t who Dean wanted. It wasn’t who Castiel was trying to become.
Sam hummed an agreement. “Like a stirred-up caramel macchiato.”
“You can,” Dean said. He blushed but didn’t let his eyes lower for more than a moment. “I haven’t eaten bread or corn, or had any beer. All week. Been real good, I promise. Salads and fish, and
“I found it very helpful,” Castiel said. “They had a regular weekly column with similar tips a few years ago, but then they replaced it with a column about fashion, and I... I found myself... drifting.” He lowered his head, apparently ashamed. “That was when I began formulating my secret potion. I couldn’t cope with not understanding you.”
Dean looked at the Impala one more time, and knew in his heart that there was no way he’d leave her behind. He looked over at Sam. “Hey... You remember that money I set aside for you?”
“Ahh... Hm,” Castiel said. “Dean, I think... perhaps... I should leave. You’re saying things you don’t mean.”
The ball hit the green ledge and missed the pocket, zig-zagging all the way down the table. The crowd loomed, waiting to see a trick, waiting for it to hit an unexpected goal.
Castiel pulled up onto a grass verge, unwilling to move his car later to let someone else out. He winced as his bumper knocked a wire-and-post fence, but the fence bent, and straightened up again as he reversed.
wrong. Down to the little details. It’s everything about you. It’s no wonder your ‘cure’ never worked, Cas – you were trying to erase, like, ninety percent of your freaking personality.”
“Bet they’re not as silly as you think,” Dean murmured, feeling sleep try to claim him. He didn’t fight it.
They wanted to touch. Kiss. To rock together and laugh at the desperate wails that slipped from their mouths. To hold each other close, breathing in each other’s sweat and sighed breaths.
“What’s that?” Dean asked, leaning closer.
He became known as The Goldkeeper. It stuck with him. Even nowadays, without any knowledge of why it was his nickname, his students called him Professor Goldkeeper. It was a good a name as any.
that citizens of Zunbyrd valued.
“Then why are you nervous?”
“Uh, yeah, I kinda got that,” Dean interrupted, lowering his head and looking down. He wore his embarrassed-because-of-inappropriate-thoughts face.
Dean let out a tumbling breath. “I’m not sure. I can’t believe I’m saying this... but I don’t know if I wanna just – jump right into it.”
“Hm!” Charlie sounded pleased.
Soon Dean tipped free, and his orgasm spread between his body and Castiel’s in a hot and glorious mess. By that point, Dean had long forgotten the nature of sex, that this animalistic drive was essentially about mating. For Dean and Castiel it was about intimacy achievable no other way.
The boy frowned. “Uh, bubblegum.
Castiel was busy with the textbook’s instructions, so he didn’t quite realise what he was inviting when he said, “Hm? What?”
Plop!
“Bet you would.”
Castiel didn’t answer; he just leaned down and kissed Dean, slowly and deeply. Dean frowned at first, but Charlie watched as he melted into it, drawn and driven by Castiel’s mouth. One hand pulled Dean’s back and the other sank into his hair, holding him close.
to the house elves of Jinxes.
Dean ducked his head. “Somethin’ funny?”
Dean stared, then he snorted. “Of course I’m sure.”
Castiel sighed witheringly, raising a hand to his forehead. He rubbed at the weary lines in his skin, eyebrows raised as he approached the desk. He coughed, waving away the smoky residue that hung in the air. Dean cleared his throat as he came up beside him, near enough to press against his shoulder.
“What’s your question, Skyking?”
“No,” Castiel agreed. His warm hand stroked through Dean’s hair. He leaned in close, and he kissed Dean’s forehead. “In some ways, they’re probably very respectable wishes. Occasionally I think they might even come true, someday.”
“Too late,” Dean smiled. “Princess picks the music, Prince Charming shuts his cakehole.”
hear it.
“And rice and pesto is like that? Sweet-savoury and crunchy?”
Castiel’s magpie hopped up onto his knee, watching the bat disappear down the staircase with Dean.
in the middle of my desk?”
Dean smiled, shrugging a shoulder. “The kids laugh at me when I sing badly, but the stuff gets learned.”
The girl scoffed. “Why, though? Why bother? They’re just words.”
The amusement drained from him, and he peered up through his dark eyelashes, giving Dean a soft, understanding look. “I won’t use the tips from the magazine any more,” Castiel said. “It makes you uncomfortable. As much as it’s helped up ‘til now, I don’t want our time together to play out like a script any more than you do. I can’t say I enjoy unstructured activities all that much, but I can definitely still appreciate the importance of spontaneity.”
“You hated that!” Sam said in surprise.
“And there’s nothing harder than teaching me,” Sam grinned. He lay down beside his brother, stretching out backwards with his hands behind his head. “Whoa,” he sighed. “My brother’s gonna be a teacher.”
Castiel flicked his eyes upward.
, I really do – but I want more baking in my life.” He sighed. “Those moments... with you? Cooking with you, back-to-back. I felt more...
“You were meant to touch me,” Castiel said stubbornly. He huffed, then fished his spoon out of the custard. He hung around for a second, then shook his head and stalked off. “Go and wash your hands.”
“No, I mean...” Charlie looked at Dean strangely, calculatingly. “Why Cas?”
Castiel shook his head. “When it works, you’ll know.”
Castiel shrugged.
“I can teach you intermediate math,” Dean nodded, holding up a hand with his thumb and forefinger outstretched. “Spelling.” He lifted another finger. “Sex ed. Safe sex, gender equality? Yeah. C’mon! Anything I know, I wanna share it.” One more finger. “Tips and tricks for writing essays. God-dammit, you guys are awesome, but if I had a Knut for every convoluted
“But—” Dean tried to get out of bed, but Bobby pushed him back.
Mrs. Beetrie sniffed. “They’ll get their mucky hands all over them. These things are precious, you know. I’m not having their filth contaminating anything they don’t need to contaminate. You touch it, you buy it.”
. Like I said. If I can’t go lookin’ like a chick...”
Dean then looked over at Castiel, a warmth in his eyes that made Castiel feel comforted. He let his fingers slide down from his ear and into his lap, and he handled his wand one last time. He nodded, and he passed it to Dean, who passed it to Gertrude.
... Whatever they call themselves is their choice. Someone’s gender is what
“The music,” Castiel said dazedly, keeping an ear out as he listened to the song drifting in from the living room. “You know, it’s familiar, but... I can’t quite place it.”
be you.”
Slowly, Charlie sat down in her armchair. “Thank you,” she said.
Dean had gone to the opening of the BBQ truck, bypassing a gaggle of customers and knocking knuckles on the metal. “Charlie, need four bucks. Some broad’s makin’ me pay for my free sample.”
“Now!” she turned around with a swish of her robes, and she climbed onto her broom. “I’ll give you a demonstration, and then we’ll get started for real!”
hung over the table, I don’t really care which.”
He pushed his lips together gently, sighing and letting his shoulders slump. “It’s not true. I don’t know who they are, and I won’t ever know. The records containing the history of my past were sealed, and I wasn’t allowed to open them until I came of age, on my seventeenth birthday.”
“You will write, won’t you?” Dean asked, as they neared the school’s front hall. Several dozen people were waiting there already, some sitting on their luggage, some standing.
Castiel smiled briefly before he lowered his face. “Thank you.”
“No, I don’t think so,” Castiel replied eventually. He twisted his hand so his fingers slid deeper between Dean’s. “People hold hands while they look at stars all the time.”
of you need one-to-one learning time at some point. But I have to teach the whole lot of you, all at once. It’s kind of a big ask. So on behalf of everyone else, if you have any disruptive comments or motions to make, please... y’know, refrain. If you want my attention but it’s not relevant to the lesson, wait until the end of class then come tell me. I’ll do what I can to help.”
“Damn,” Dean said slowly, examining the same expression on Castiel. “You’re kinda horny right now, aren’t you?”
Once Castiel recovered enough to mark schoolwork, he awarded Dean an Outstanding grade for his paper. Dean showed Sam with a proud grin plastered across his face. Sam gave him a sticker. Dean beamed at the little bouncing phoenix on his work for half an hour before bed.
Castiel quickly accepted that he wouldn’t hear the truth. “I wish for silly things too.”
He let Dean noogie his head, because it might be the last time he’d be able to reach. They patted each other’s back, then turned to look around the common room.
For a moment, Castiel seemed taken aback.
“Cas asked me to take Moosh out of her cage to get some exercise,” Dean explained, noticing where Charlie was looking. “He gets so busy with that potion of his...” Dean licked his lips slowly. “I miss him.”
again. Worst part is, I’m hungry now, but I can’t eat any of that stew because I know I already ate everything Dean left.” She looked at her younger self. “Lucky you.”
,” Castiel whispered, as horrified as he knew Dean was. Everyone had seen. The whispers were at speaking volume now. The room was full of chatter.
Gertrude seemed taken aback by the question.
Dean was stumped for a second, then shrugged and nodded. “Guess. Yeah.” His brow pinched, but then he smiled. “Thanks.”
Cautiously, Charlie approached the main desk. “Cas...?”
Relief came to Castiel (well, a bit) as they reached the entrance hall to the school. Dean pried open the trap door, and Castiel stepped out first.
Dean swallowed hard. “Look, I’m sorry, buddy, but you’ll have to find someone else.”
“You guys wanna bear witness?” he asked, smiling halfway.
“But I want to take
Castiel shook his head, aghast.
“Uh.” Dean licked his lips again, still tasting the tart residue of the potion. “What was this potion for?”
“It’s nothing,” Castiel said, though it was far from nothing. He thought of a lie quickly, and said, “I was just thinking Charlie’s dress is very handsome.”
“Aw, shit, Cas, you don’t gotta—”
Dean and Charlie came to a black circular door, and Charlie knocked on the wood.
Dean grinned, patting Castiel on the back. “That’ll do.”
“OOHHHHaaaaaahAAAAA—”
“You have a little schmutz,” Castiel said, pointing at Dean’s lip.
never did so well when I was growin’ up – we had an actual store, and kept having to downsize ‘cause of sliding profits. But after Dad kicked the bucket, me n’ Sammy finally started up the catering truck with Charlie like I always wanted, and we made it big in, like, six years. Austinites loooove their barbecue. Turns out when you got major competition like we do, best chance of survival is makin’ sure our barbecue can go where the action is. Kind of a surprise where we’d pop up next, right? Events and parties and public parks and whatever. Got folks who make a hobby outta hunting us down every weekend.”
obvious what the potion had done.
“You?” Dean asked, blushing.
Dean’s heart went out to her. Until now, he hadn’t realised the truly sizeable part his friendship had played in Charlie’s life. He thought she gave up the time-turner for the sake of her good looks, not... friends.
?” Sam looked appalled. “I barely talk to you every day!”
By eleven o’clock, Dean and Castiel had shared a handful of dances, both quick and slow, and one especially fun one where everyone in the hall held the waist or shoulders of the person in front and they wound through the tables, dancing and laughing and singing along to
“That’s why I wouldn’t swap him for an owl,” Charlie replied. “Obviously.”
should,” Mary agreed, patting Charlie on the shoulder. “I’ll be your first paying customer.”
Castiel hemmed and hawed, fighting his immediate urge to say yes and storm over there. He tried to look away... but his heart leapt in longing, and he snorted. Damn Mariela trying to turn him into a respectable gentleman. One little game couldn’t hurt. He could control himself. Teeth gritted, he let his eyes rise to meet Dean’s across the smoky room. He unbuttoned one cuff, and started to roll up that sleeve.
“But why not change the rule then?” Charlie asked, leaning forward. “You had the power.”
Dean gave him the untouched half from his plate. Castiel handled it carefully, then lined up his lips and sank his teeth in deep. “Hm!” He set fingertips to his mouth, eyes wide as his cheeks bulged and moved about. “Hmm-m-mh-mm.”
“Principal Moseley
“Okay? Then, hell yeah. Done. It’s a deal.” Dean smirked. “Mm. You know what? Not too shabby, Cas.”
A third and a fourth phoenix perched either side of the first two, and when they began with, respectively, a low note and a high note, Dean laughed.
Dean cleared his throat.
, he was kind enough to put up the sail—”
Castiel stood unmoving still, so Dean let him go and rose up, inner biceps by his ears, eyes closed as he shifted to the music, peeking out to see Cas watching his hips, watching his feet, then his eyes.
radio receptors on the grounds of Jinxes. If you get Muggle radio on that thing, I’ll—” Dean waved a hand. “I’ll... I don’t know. I’ll slow-dance.”
“See ya, Deanie Weenie.”
“Yeah,” Skyking said more forcefully.
She looked like she was expecting a scolding, or an encouragement not to do something terrible like that. But all Dean asked was, “Which one?”
Nobody moved to comfort him; nobody even understood what was happening.
“Hey, don’t be like that,” Dean grinned, going up to Castiel and grabbing his shoulders to give him a congratulatory hug. “You just did you first proper Patronus!” He held the sides of Castiel’s neck as he leaned away again, holding his gaze. “You did good, Cas. Proud of ya.”
“Hey,” Dean said. But he didn’t need to react: his Patronus already turned on Gabriel, her tail swishing dangerously. She snarled with her big, sharp teeth, her wild eyes glaring at the ghost.
“Yes, but that was
Castiel blinked halfway, his eyelashes never covering the blue in his eyes. He seemed closer, then closer still... Dean realised they were both leaning in for a kiss. He barely had a breath to process this before—
Castiel frowned at the table, calculating. Then he frowned at the pockets, considering. He let Ellen chalk up his cue tip, for whatever reason.
, or like
Dean stared. “Uhh.” He gulped, glancing to Castiel.
“Uh.” Dean huffed a laugh. “Okay, Cas? Quick body language tip. When someone says ‘it’s nothing’, then moves straight to an ‘it’s something’ kinda position, that doesn’t make me wanna look away and make a potion. What’s up?”
Castiel looked at him like he’d said something peculiar. “I need to know when the rice is done.”
Dean glanced at Castiel, who turned pink on the apples of his cheeks. His eyes shone as he gazed back at Dean.
“Leaves.”
Castiel touched Dean’s shoulder gently, then stalked off with purpose towards the centre of the marked-out diamond. The thirty-three house elves sensed the game was about to begin, and they scattered across the quarry. Some went as far as the cliff edges, but most stayed within the marked border.
“Drive safe,” Gertrude said.
“Earlier.”
“Hold still!” Charlie called, five feet away, holding her glittery pink phone in front of her face, carefully setting it on a tripod she’d brought. “Family picture time! Thirty second timer, and then a burst. Everyone scooch in!”
Castiel undid Dean’s bra for him, and Dean slipped it off, tossing it on the bed. He turned and rummaged in Castiel’s drawers for a t-shirt, and he found a grey one and put it on. He didn’t want to be totally naked; panties and a t-shirt were enough for him.
“Well,” Charlie said, turning to face the masses. “There you have your game hunters, your gunslingers, your horse-ranchers Cesar and Jesse, your Navy veteran workout trainers – heya, Benny – your family-business Harvelle bartenders. That’s them figuratively murdering everyone at pool. Garth. Mortician Billie over there. And whatever Rowena is; that’s her in the snazzy ballgown. When Jody and Donna are off-duty, they are
Castiel looked up from his potion, squinting. “What’s a battery?”
“Where is he now?” Charlie asked.
other
Dean shook his head and drove, thinking perhaps he was wishing for too much. He didn’t need to be completed by someone else. Cas could bring confidence out of Dean, so that confidence had to have been there all along. Dean had had it when he jammed out with Charlie, all those years ago. He just had to find it again.
Dean never once imagined himself becoming a teacher, but it provided him the purposeful rhythm of existence he always wanted. He could give what he had to others, and only gain. Every day.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Aw, fuck that, dude. I’m not starving. The moment Sam’s outta the house all I wanna eat is
Castiel slowly unbent from his waist, standing straight with his chin up, level with Dean’s. “You want to dance
“I know,” Castiel said firmly. He still wouldn’t look at Dean. “And yet I can’t shake the idea.”
Castiel’s eyes skipped to Sam, then back to Dean. “I don’t think I can—”
Castiel beckoned to Dean, and Dean walked to the edge of the counter, then got down in a crooked crouch, taken into Castiel arms and pulled back down to solid ground. At last Castiel danced with him – or more accurately, danced
It didn’t matter. It was a long time, and the two of them were about as close as it was possible to be.
“Four dollars,” Mariela said, hand out.
“Hello, Dean.”
“I know,” Castiel said.
With a smile and a sigh, Charlie Conjured up an armchair, and sank into it with her feet up on Castiel’s desk. She took a breath to begin again, but instead she groaned, clapping both hands over her face. “There’s so many
“The tire tracks only lead to this one,” Castiel said, nodding at the real car. He then gestured at the fake, and said, “That one has no tracks. Plus, the new one is in a different place. It’s obvious.”
With a huff, Castiel covered his eyes. “I’ve been taking it. That potion. I’ve never been comfortable with sexual feelings, they feel –
Charlie laughed, holding a hand between her eyes and her friends. She peeked out, grinning at them as they sat back where they’d been before. “So,” Charlie smiled, “Any letters for you, Dean?”
The frequency of the car’s engine kicked up a note or two of its own accord, and Dean felt a strain on his heart.
between teachers ain’t allowed here. Though I don’t suppose either of you are the type to care.”
eating charred animal carcass? Delicious.”
“And slept on the common room rug, yeah,” Sam finished, cutting over Dean. They shared a smile. “Couldn’t stay up that late, nowadays. Too old.”
“Urgh, don’t,” Castiel cringed. “As a favour to me, Dean, don’t ever call me ‘baby’.”
This was a song for Dean and Castiel, nobody else.
Dean sighed as the tapestry rolled back down behind Castiel.
“Don’t mess with the
She lowered her eyes, recognising that she was missing out half the story. “There was another reason they would’ve treated me bad. In the Muggle world there’s a lot of conflict; people don’t like to be different. But here, on this pitch and in this school, I want you to know it’s okay to be different. If you’re black or white or Hispanic or Japanese or Indian, it doesn’t matter; we’re all part of the same family. If you like boys, or girls...” She trailed off. “If you like girls, like me...”
Dean wasn’t here. Dean wasn’t coming.
“Well, if you hadn’t come to to ‘rescue’ me,” Castiel said, providing some violent air quotes, “I wouldn’t be wearing clothes that are ‘soaked’.”
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” Charlie muttered, hurrying across her quarters, tying her silk robe around her waist. She opened the door a crack, and a shaft of golden light shot across Castiel’s puppy-dog slippers.
“Did you know they could do that?” Dean asked, breathless. “Sing together?”
But he felt more accepted by Dean than he’d known it was possible to feel. He felt almost comfortable around him. Not completely comfortable, not yet. But Castiel was
Noticing Dean had looked up, Castiel met his gaze.
“Cas?” Dean called, over Sam’s huffy-puffy complaints. “Take your tupperware.”
filthy,” Dean rebutted, slinging a leg over Castiel’s ass. “You started it, you said you liked it when it was warm.”
Not by much.
“Alright, fine,” Charlie said, catching sight of Castiel. “You’re right, Dean, he is dreamy. An absolute dish. But we’ve got a backorder of rump steaks and a pile of corn going nowhere fast, so get in here.” She thumbed over her shoulder. She gave Castiel a fast smile, uttering, “Hi there. Cute apron,” then yanked Dean by the collar and dragged him stumbling and stuttering back to work.
“Ask me a question,” Castiel said. “Any question.”
Gilda looked cautiously towards Charlie’s taller companion. “But what about...?”
Castiel ducked his head and chuckled. “I’ll get my toothbrush.”
Castiel bowed his head. “Exactly.”
For someone who grew up with nothing to his name but his Ministry-funded Duelling robes and a standard-issue broomstick he didn’t really need, the idea of making himself
“Since she got her time-turner, I had her for Muggle Studies this year too,” Sam smiled. “Maybe you and her could share Defence – that way her schedule would be lighter.”
“I have your intelligence, and your patience,” Castiel said. He squeezed Dean’s hand, glad to see him look surprised. “I wasn’t patient when I was younger. You taught me patience. And loyalty. Every day you sat with me, watching me try and fail to make my potion. I loved you for that at the time, though I never recognised it until later. I still do. Love you, I mean.”
The music changed once more, and the waltz became a jaunty, upbeat tune, the Navajo influence even more outstanding than before. The band on stage stomped their feet in a beat, and the dancers shrieked and cheered in delight, speeding up their steps.
Dean slowly took his seat, eyes on Castiel.
Dean and Sam stared at each other through the fake windscreen.
“Uh-huh.”
“Cas? C’mere.” Dean batted Castiel’s side, taking him to the pantry and handing him a fresh black apron. “Don’t wanna ruin your pretty shirt. You and your
responsible
Dean brought Sam in for another hug, this time squeezing hard. He sniffled, not caring that it was loud. His baby brother was leaving and Dean could’ve cried for days. He probably would.
Witch Weekly
Castiel shrugged again. “Actually... If we could just lie on the sand outside. That would be fine.”
They returned west, heading towards Tennessee, stopping at more restaurants than they could count, eating more strange foods than they could keep track of. Charlie went through more rolls of camera film than she had room to carry in her backpack, so they bought a pair of shoes just to use the box for the film. Castiel wore the shoes for a whole day, refusing to get out of the car in case he got them dirty. They were slippers shaped like puppies. (Sam got him to take them off eventually. Moosh claimed one and went to sleep, so Castiel had to put his proper shoes on.)
But then Cas came along.
“I’ll get that for you,” Ms. Raglan said, stepping past Castiel to pay for Daniel’s wand. “Now, Daniel, you and your brother can wait here while we sort out Castiel’s wand.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Charlie lamented, bowing her head into her hand. “She’s cute and quirky and she looks perfectly innocent, therefore probably has a few dark thoughts. She’s fun. She’s totally my type. Who knows how teenage brains make these connections? Around here, when you’re a teacher, you’re practically a small-fry celebrity. Gossip spread by word-of-mouth is just as bad here as it was when I was at school. Worse, even. As a student I blurred into the background. As a teacher, everyone knows me through my classes. Everyone knows Gilda.”
at the sight of lettuce. Yet doth my eyes deceive me? Looks lettuce-y to me. No?”
Castiel ate some of his buttery, cheesy, salty potato, and he gazed back at Dean.
Dean hummed an excited noise, surging forward to kiss Castiel’s neck. He kept moving his hips as he nuzzled Castiel’s throat, making Castiel’s erection thump tender flesh, too eager.
Castiel peeked open one eye. “You want to fuck me?”
to me. She’s a wonderful woman.”
to let you fail. Because I didn’t do as well as I should’ve, I missed out taking on some of my favourite subjects at F.R.O.G. level, I missed out on college, I missed out jobs—”
With flashes of arousal crashing through him, Dean managed to say, “Tell me what to do?”
Gertrude stroked the box fondly, wrinkles appearing at the corners of her eyes. “I think it’s a fantastic way to enjoy life. Without a magical conductor to focus our power, life becomes about being aware of your surroundings, truly recognising what you’re doing with yourself. For a young witch or wizard, or even a grown-up, controlling the power inside is so important. Without a wand, we learn how to behave mindfully.”
When the crowd erupted in applause, the third-years took a bow and vacated the dance floor, and only then did Dean explain himself in hushed tones. “I just wanna be proud about what you ‘n me have, that’s all,” he whispered, glancing up as the lights dimmed and the next dancers flashed in the mirrors of a disco ball.
“Yeah,” Dean huffed. “But, uh... not tonight. I actually think today’s gonna be a wizard day.”
This time when he sat down, he ran his fingers through the water, for the thousandth time making a wish that he knew these magical waters could never grant.
“Same,” Sam said, furrowing his eyebrows and smiling at his shoes.
On impulse, Dean moved his hand, and was suddenly rendered breathless as his fingers slipped perfectly between Castiel’s. Castiel exhaled, then chuckled.
“In the shower.” Castiel looked around hastily, perhaps checking none of the other teachers were nearby. “May I come in? I have something to tell you.”
She had noticed, but she had no idea what to make of it.
“You’ll get it,” Dean said. “Keep trying.”
“Zunbyrd.”
“Oh.” Castiel twisted his lips to the side. “I’m teaching tomorrow.”
He walked on stiff legs through the crowd, stepping away from the hems of dresses and avoiding the passing touches of students. He heard a few people say hello, and he looked back, only to find they’d danced away again.
Castiel slid his wand back into his shirt sleeve, then bent to pick up the shoe. He now held one glass shoe in each hand. He moved them both to his right hand, and held them by the tips of two fingers, dangling.
Castiel needed to ask someone what was going on. Someone who knew more than he did.
Castiel wiped his face on Dean’s pillow, then kissed Dean’s neck. “You’re filthy.”
Castiel and Dean were in a relationship. Dean only realised that on the fourth day, when Castiel kissed him hello at the breakfast table. Dean looked around in a panic, only to realise it was six o’clock on a Tuesday morning and not one student had arrived in the breakfast hall. Castiel laughed at Dean’s flustering, and he and Dean held hands as they hovered their plates past the buffet, picking out things to eat.
reaching for a cupcake – but then he held it in his fingers and felt such a flush of glorious naughtiness that he grinned. He gave Dean a dastardly look, and Dean laughed, nodding, picking out a cupcake of his own.
The room was hissing with quiet whispers now. Dean saw nobody’s mouth move, but he knew people were talking about him.
“I drag it out,” Dean smiled. “Usually I’m reading while I do it. Or thinking...”
Missouri would’ve turned around and glared at her, but something outside caught her eye. A cloud of desert dust was rising from the flat plane at the top of the quarry. “What’s that, now?” Missouri asked quietly.
Castiel laughed in a gentle, friendly way. “What’s funny?”
Dean demonstrated a slower stroke on himself, dragging tight up to his cockhead, rounding the palm of his hand over the slit, then back down, all the way to the base.
Dean wanted, and would instead obey what he’d said aloud. So Castiel pocketed the last ball without a thought, and stood back, indifferent to the cheers around him. He kept his eyes on Dean, gratified to see a grin crawl up that pretty freckled face.
... Teaching Charms. I wasn’t sure about it when I started. It’s like, the most average subject. It’s like Using A Wand 101. Charms class was boring as hell when I was in school. I liked Transfiguration, and Defence Against the Dark Arts, and Duelling Club. I liked doing cool, active stuff. For me it was the same in science class back in elementary school – I wanted the explosions, but not always the chemical theory. As much as I liked reading, I preferred fiction. Understanding
He watched Professor Moondoor for a while. Every moment made him feel more and more like they’d both been stood up.
“That’s the word,” Castiel said in confusion. “Telephones are called... telephones. Landline telephones. Cellular telephones.”
“You’re going to hate it,” Castiel said. “You don’t want to look at it, that’s why you want to be blindfolded.”
“Hmph,” Bobby said. “You know
“Left a bit. No, right a bit.”
Charlie swallowed, and she worked up a tiny smile. “Now, I... I want to be the best teacher I can be. For the first time in five years, this is the only class I’m teaching. I coach the Quidditch teams and I maintain the pitch you’re standing in, but this...” She looked around the quarry. Bright sunlight and the faint, echoing song of phoenixes made everything between the quarry’s four corners seem like the most welcoming place on Earth. “This is what’s important to me.” She looked down at the kids. “You’re what’s important to me.”
.” Sam frowned. “Uhh. She’s letting us stay this summer too?” He brightened at the thought, and almost jumped for joy when Dean nodded. “You too? She’s letting you stay?”
“Dude,” Dean said, staring at the nervous wreck in front of him. “We have nearly three months of vacation time to spend before the students arrive. Don’t know about you, but I’m not spending the whole slog with
“Oh yeah? Tell me one thing I’m naturally good at, then.”
“So?” Dean grinned devilishly. “I’ve been fantasising about making out with you in your classroom for years.”
“I’ll ask my mom,” Charlie said. “Get back to you on that. But at a guess, yeah. It’s always spectrum stuff, right? You’re part of the trans spectrum. Non-binary. Or— Oh! You’re like those characters in the Diné creation story, the ‘Nádleehi’. They were genderfluid.”
Castiel was about to say no, but the bubbles in the yellow drink were rising enticingly, the sun flashed on the bottle’s edge, and its glass curves were dotted with condensation... His mouth started to water. He gave in and took Dean’s drink, pretending not to blush as his lips touched the rim, right where Dean’s lips had been. He took a few individual swigs, letting the fizz burn his mouth as he held it there, then swallowed in multiple gulps.
Dean lit up. “Cas! Hey!” He pressed fingertips to his phoneless ear and turned away from the truck, paying Cas all his attention. “Where are you, man? I’m at the truck, Sam just said you dropped by.”
“I know you do, Cas,” Dean snapped. “And I’d go with you, except—” His lips twitched angrily. “Look, never mind why. You’re not talking me into this.”
They took turns using the gas station’s restroom, and they bought breakfast.
Sam cradled the exhausted creature in his arms and carried him back to the car, collecting Dean and Cas and Charlie along the way. Their legs ached and their eyes stung, but they smiled, and they took a nap before driving on. The sun shone bright all day.
He drew a deep, jubilant breath, and looked at Castiel in urging. “How is it?” he asked, watching Castiel mouth at his second spoonful, twenty glossy red rice grains swiped under his top lip and chewed. Castiel just nodded, humming. “Mm-hm.”
“Nothing,” Castiel said, far too hastily. “I just—” He swallowed, and he calmed down, staring at Dean’s dusty boots. “I expected us to
Castiel smiled, and he rested his cheek against Dean’s, singing along into his ear. “
Castiel stared at him, appalled. “I’m not going to masturbate in my own classroom, Dean,” he said under his breath. “And certainly not while I have a potion to watch you make.”
Castiel nodded. He licked his lips quickly, feeling Dean line his fingertips up with his slippery hole. “I don’t see how this could feel good, though,” Castiel said. He frowned as Dean slowly pushed a finger inside. “Oh-h... That’s... strange.”
“The years ahead are going to be very, very different from all the years before,” Castiel warned them. “If, at any time, you need me to talk slower, or softer, or louder – or even give you a lesson one-to-one, I’ll do what I can to accommodate you.” He gave his class a soft, empathetic look. “I’ll be the teacher I needed at your age. Whatever may be weighing on your mind at any given time, I want to lessen that strain if I can. For once in my life, I’m in a prime position to help someone else. And I want that someone to be all of you.”
Castiel smiled back. “There was a time I asked myself the same question. She’s become one of my closest friends.”
Castiel’s laugh came out as a scruffy, hummy kind of noise. “I may take you up on that,” he agreed.
“Perhaps,” Castiel said.
Castiel had been waiting twenty minutes for his wand. There were too many other customers in the store, and the woman behind the desk couldn’t keep up. She was a cranky old hag with a New York accent, and an everlasting cigarette dangled from her wrinkled lips. She tutted and paced back and forth along the pristine rows of glass shelves, looking for a wand that would suit Castiel.
“You already had a bubble butt,” Charlie smiled. “Look at your hips.”
Dean laughed, gazing at him. “Beautiful?”
Sam batted at Dean’s chest. “I’m gonna go talk to my team. Party later— I’ll see you ‘round!”
Dean smiled. And then he was pulled aside by a weeping student who was heartbroken that she had to leave. Every student here was like a younger sibling to him, and when he said goodbye, he devoted his attention and love to each of them the way he had for Sam.
He tried to focus on the good part of the evening. Having Dean’s arms around his waist, helping him hit the ball like that. Castiel decided he liked training doggy style. There was something about it he liked, in particular...
“Yeah, right,” said Brandon at the back. He twiddled a Muggle pen between his fingers, his expression dark.
“Wave it,” Ms. Raglan said kindly.
Dragon Den
“At least make it a draw,” Dean said hopefully, reaching to bat Castiel’s satin shirt with a knuckle, swiping down to the belt on his grey jeans. “C’mon. We’ll owe each other.”
Sam moved, letting Castiel past.
Licking his lips, turning to face the empty, more shadowy side of the room, Castiel lifted his wand, his body moving into a bracing position; legs apart, one forward and one back, his wand arm set forward and outstretched.
“I thought it was perfect,” Dean said. His voice was gruff again, and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. “Up until it all fell apart, it was perfect.”
Charlie and Castiel exchanged glances. Charlie spoke first, looking at Dean, “Wouldn’t you rather change in private?”
“That rule has been around since the school began,” Moseley said. “The Álííl sisters put it in place when two of their protégé teachers were discovered by underage students, fraternising in their quarters— You know the story. The rule had obvious purpose. Why should I change that rule solely for myself? Yes, the faculty was only a handful of people way back then, and yes, the teachers and the students lived in the same part of the building, but it was all different now! Where was the danger in letting me and Joshua be together?”
Dean’s smile fell. “What?”
“Awesome.”
Dean laughed, headbutting the back of Castiel’s neck. “Sure,” he grinned, looking up at the nape of Castiel’s neck, resting his chin below his shirt collar. “Just like magic.”
“So as her friend, you would know, is that right?” Gilda tap-danced for a moment, then swept Castiel five steps back in a sudden foxtrot. “You’d know if she had a crush?”
Missouri tapped the window with her wand and it returned to its usual view of the quarry. Taking her seat again, Missouri folded her hands together and looked sternly at Charlie.
“Wow, sound
Dean slowly put the magazine down, eyes drifting to the start of its numbered list.
“Guys,” Castiel complained. “Don’t be mean.”
Dean grimaced, but uttered a thanks as he trudged around his truck and snuffled his way between two prickly ends of hedgerow, finding himself knocking knees with a portable refrigerator and a broomstick. He tossed off his plaid shirt and sweaty band tee, laying them atop the fridge. He pulled his uniform out from between his bowed legs, tugging his black polo-shirt on, popping the collar, and finally covering his front with a black apron. He was still tying up the back as he left the hedge, old clothes hung from his mouth.
“The wings suit you,” Castiel smiled, twirling Gilda around.
Dean batted Castiel’s hands down. “You’re doing air quotes wrong.” He chased after Castiel as he stormed off. “Look, I was just worried about you, okay?”
Castiel looked up at last, not sure what Dean was talking about.
“Do you think about me?” Castiel asked.
She looked older than Charlie remembered, and she was always beautiful: Charlie still hoped she would look just like her mom when she got to be Gertrude’s age. They had the same hair and the same eyes, but Gertrude was a little plumper, and her round face suited her bubbly ways.
Dean’s eyesight wavered, so he sank back to rest his throbbing head. He frowned. He didn’t remember being hit, and he barely felt any pain now. He reached up, and was surprised to feel a bandage around his head.
. Kitchens and satin don’t go, know
. Seriously, if your mouth ain’t watering right now there’s somethin’ wrong with you.”
” tickled the edge of Dean’s ears, just as he found himself shoved with his back to a raw wood pillar, nose touching and untouching Castiel’s. Lips eased close, grins shattered around trembled breaths.
“Family?” Dean frowned. “Cas, you already got family. It’s right there. Oh, hey, look at that— One minute, three runs. We both win.”
“You’re kidding me. What?”
He took the lid off his tupperware and tucked it underneath the box, thinking for a moment that his little rainbow-glitter cupcakes looked out of place amidst all the brown and red. He saw meat of a dozen kinds, beside bun-cuddled sausages and grilled vegetables, bowls of spiced beans, and bottled beer. There was one bowl of neon-green salad but it looked nearly untouched next to the half-empty plates everywhere else.
After a fashion, Castiel did. With eyes closed, Dean and Castiel set their lips together and exhaled, relaxing their faces and their bodies and their mouths, sinking in and surging to become one. Dean purred one note, Castiel hummed another. In darkness, for one blissful moment, they both saw colour behind their eyes.
“Foul ball!” Castiel shouted.
He tilted his head, waiting for Castiel to lean down.
Dean peeked open one eye, then the other snapped open the moment he saw the trucks. “Holy shit,” he whispered.
“I deducted points, awarded penalties,” Charlie said, eyes down, nodding.
That was when Dean figured out that something had changed. “Uh...”
Ahead of the group was a small and untidy cottage, overgrown with weeds and dead flowers, all frosty from the night. One window was boarded up with plywood, but the other one shone orange through the curtain, flickering with the occasional blue of a television screen.
“Push inside where?” Castiel asked, frowning.
He tilted his head, then twinged inside as he realised, actually, maybe he was.
Warily, Castiel imparted, “Dean... I calculated the potion exactly. As soon as you drink it, the hourglass is turned, and your new visage is limited to twenty-five hours precisely. For your own sake, please don’t rush this.”
“Uh,” he said, licking his lips, now somewhat breathless. “Well – your thumb tastes awesome. The potion, though, not so much.”
“You go,” Charlie said to Sam, pushing him forward. “Show us what you showed your students today.”
“The success I’ve had with my after-school math program really only affords me the luxury of dinner and rent,” Castiel admitted, hugging himself. “Profits are growing fast. But I’ve bought nothing as special as a house.”
“I like eating my own cooking but not nearly as much as I love watching it appreciated by the people who’ve been looking far and wide for cakes they can eat. I want to teach math,” Castiel gestured to one side, “and I want to bake cakes,” he set his hands to the other side, “but week by week the after-school program is encroaching on every spare hour of my day. Business is good, and I’m loath to say it, but I wasn’t prepared for that success. I wanted to succeed at the baking, but that’s not how it turned out. Mariela said the teaching was more important...” Castiel shrugged, confused by his own feelings of regret. “I’m sure she’s right, logically, but I wish she was wrong.
Dean laughed, turning away, rubbing the back of his neck. He came back, blushing and nervous. “So-so, uh. You, uh. What is? Your type. Like, generally.”
“I know,” Charlie nodded. “It’s ridiculous. But there’s a trend. People heard that rumour and they went further: what if I don’t have a current girlfriend because I was hurt by a
“Bet I could talk you to orgasm right now,” Dean mused. “Get you gasping. Get you so into it you’re moaning loud. Have you come in your pants, right where you’re sitting.”
panties, they’re just panties. Your bra isn’t just for days you have larger breasts. You know that already.”
“You know what,” Dean said, handing Castiel a larger silver spoon before he asked for it, “thinkin’ back, the trip to Jinxes took longer than forty-somethin’ minutes. My watch stopped working when the quarry came into sight.” He smiled. “Man, I still have that watch. Keep it in the trunk at the end of my bed. Wonder if the battery leaked.”
“All it needs is a few more plants,” Dean said, lifting up the potted lily he held. “Finally, I get my own room. First time in my whole life.”
“Sure he hasn’t,” Bobby uttered, getting up and walking away. “I’ll give you some privacy, how ‘bout that.”
Dean brought out two black bowls, and Castiel spooned a decent amount of food into both. Dean hummed appreciatively, inhaling constantly on his commute to the barstools.
“Hmm,” he sighed, finally looking up. “What? Oh...” He turned away. “Follow me. Maybe bring a book or something,” he added, grabbing his waistcoat from a chair at the back of the classroom. “Something to hide... y’know.”
“Yep,” the white man said, turning his grizzled face back to Castiel. “That’s a real fancy shirt you’re wearin’, kid. What is that, silk?”
“Listened when I speak, for one,” Castiel admitted, head down. “Asked if the food you’ve cooked is something I could actually eat. And you put the flag up at the fair to keep the smoke away. It didn’t do much, but at least you tried
Another hand went up, and the fourth-year didn’t even wait for Dean to look at him before he asked, “Are you and Professor Goldkeeper dating?”
“Wasn’t it obvious?” Castiel asked. He looked hurt. With a tug, he pulled the cauldron away from Dean and tipped it down the sink with a splash. Turquoise leapt up the sides of the cast-iron basin, making it shimmer as the fluid seeped down towards the plughole.
When he pulled back and returned to eating, Dean seemed to have forgotten how to chew. He sat with a goofy smile on his face for quite some time, until Sam cleared his throat – “
Two catering trucks each had double doors at their rear. Those interior doors, when opened and aligned, allowed two portable kitchens to become one long kitchen, with an open-air gap like between the carriages of a train. It was a little awkward to reverse both trucks up so their rumps touched, but when linked, the new sign painted on the sides of both matched up, flowing and floral and smoky.
“Shh,” Charlie whispered. “Just watch them.”
“We’re not here to compete with the neighbours, Dean,” Sam said from two feet above, dumping a folded set of clothes on the stainless steel shelf at Dean’s eyeline. “Get dressed and get in here, we’re wasting time.”
“I do
Dean shrugged. “Put some in your mouth and kiss me?”
When he had his class notes sorted and his slides at the ready, Dean waved his wand and plunged the classroom into darkness. A few startled yelps leapt through the auditorium, but the kids settled with laughs.
“I barely started,” Castiel explained. He managed to meet Dean’s eyes, and a beautiful amorous feeling flooded him at once. “I tried a few times and I didn’t want to try again.”
He beamed at all his students, hands on his hips, facing them. “But seriously,” he went on, “I was struggling in Potions, and History of Magic, and any subject that required significant brainwork, not just active movement, like Duelling. I didn’t know what a fraction was, I couldn’t spell anything longer than my name. I wasn’t unintelligent, okay, I just didn’t know how to do it. I believed then – and I still believe now – nobody is truly stupid. Everyone just learns different, and at different speeds, and in different ways. And they need the information available. Books, or teachers, or someone to mimic. But everyone who learns anything has one thing in common. They
Dean glanced at Sam, then glanced the other way, half-rolling his eyes. “I got a booger up my nose or somethin’?”
“Amy, get the—” Mariela gestured to the hedges, shaking a hand. “The-the—” In her fatigue she’d forgotten the word for ‘fridge’.
Dean and Castiel danced until their feet were as hot as the floor, and they could no longer feel it under them. They were floating now. Floating in body and spirit, like sparkling, sparkling ghosts.
Castiel seemed flustered, but pleased. His tidy wave of hair had all come out of place somehow, and the touch of ruffled inelegance on such a poised figure just made him more handsome. Dean gave a longing sigh, then cleared his throat to cover the noise.
Skink threw a slow ball, and Dean swung the bat for Castiel.
way to get kids to become successful in their favourite field of study. It’s about the kids knowing how to sit still through an hour-long lecture, but not knowing how to
him. He wondered if his own tongue inside Dean’s vagina had felt anything like this. It was fascinating.
that is. What’s crazier still is that you haven’t achieved your goal. Maybe I could help you. If you told me what it was for—”
boring.”
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Where do you want to go?”
At last, Castiel spoke. “
Ms. Raglan chuckled at the same time as Mrs. Beetrie. “Ain’t how it works, kid,” Mrs. Beetrie sneered. “Wand chooses the wizard. You got a pretty heart, or so it seems.”
“I fell in love with
“Are we going in or what?” Dean asked, already pushing at the gate. “Don’t know about you, but I want breakfast.”
“Hh-h’kay,” Dean breathed, shivering. He couldn’t believe the utter discomposure Castiel had inspired in him so quickly. He was on fire, his skin sparkling like wet diamonds, a tumbling, twirling elation dancing through his belly, all the way to his fingertips and toes.
“Did you see her?” Gilda asked.
Dean dazedly watched Missouri hit another ball and take off running from base to base, while the house elves and other teachers sprinted to find the missing projectile in the undergrowth.
Charlie raised her eyebrows.
Dean knew an expression of pain crossed his face, but Castiel didn’t seem to notice. He usually didn’t. “Then why keep trying?”
He inhaled a deep breath through his nose, pulling himself up to his full height of six feet. Feeling powerful, he opened the black door to the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom, and he strode in with purpose.
Dean sank closer as the song played on. His cheek pressed against Castiel’s, and they held tight, Dean’s fingers stretching through the tufts of hair at the back of Castiel’s head.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “You?
Dean glanced up to check the door to his quarters was closed, then he slunk over to his drawers and got out clean underwear. He surreptitiously nudged his wardrobe closed in the same movement, glancing back over his shoulder to check Charlie hadn’t noticed.
Castiel’s potion was the novelty Dean had long been waiting for.
Dean chuckled. “No, man. I mean— Y’know.”
“Usually people ask that question of themselves, not including another party,” Castiel noted.
“Sam, may I ask you something?”
After a moment, Castiel allowed himself a shy smile. “Sorry,” he said. “Didn’t mean to sound rude.”
Dean grinned and bit his lip, finger-combing his hair back. “Yeah,” he said softly. “Cas, you got this. Gimme your best shot, huh? Then we’ll, uh... see who’s better with a stick and balls.”
Someone knocked on Charlie’s door. They didn’t wait for a reply before they knocked again.
“And,” Dean smiled, “you can take a bunch of one-line suggestions out of a fashion magazine and turn it into a long list of nights I’m never gonna forget. Maybe those moments weren’t as genuine as I thought at the time, but that doesn’t make them any less... y’know, special.”
Seriously, what the
And the front doors were locked with a chain, which Dean found... upsetting.
“Why?”
Dean sniffed as he pulled away. “Don’t forget to write to me every day.”
Cas clung to the counter like it was all he had left to keep him upright. He was scared, Dean realised. Had he never danced? Mussed hair, socked feet, and an unbuttoned collar did not a dancer make, but Dean could help him do better.
Castiel nodded. “I was meant to be studying for my F.R.O.G.s, but I couldn’t focus with the scroll sitting there on my desk. The enchanted seal had gone unbroken for twelve years. The only person in my life who knew what was inside was my handler, Ms. Raglan.”
Usually people tried out for the team. They’d sign up for a tryout and they’d show up on the pitch at a certain time, knock a quaffle around, do a few flips on their broomstick. But Castiel didn’t have the patience for that. He was fifteen; he didn’t have the patience for anything.
“Glad
“Well...” Dean knew which one he would keep in her place, but this decision wasn’t his to make. He lowered his head. “Which makes you happiest?”
Castiel tilted his head slightly. “And? What else?”
Charlie gave a giggle and her nose crinkled up.
Dean chuckled, touching the keys that dangled from the ignition. “Ohhh, baby,” he smiled. “This is gonna be a day to remember.”
“Professor Bradbury,” Professor Moseley called, bringing the trio to an immediate halt.
Dean scoffed. “This seriously helps you?”
Dean moved before Cas could get him, wanting more of a tease. He shimmied away backwards, hips swaying side-to-side, lip bitten, eyes and belly ablaze.
Dean laughed, head down. “Ahhh, shit.”
Page thirty.
“Why do I get the feeling they’re not as cutesy as Castiel’s?” Charlie asked slowly.
“Aren’t you meant to be doing that?” Sam asked, glancing at Dean.
“The candlelight is the reason for your dilated pupils,” Castiel said.
Dean couldn’t help but feel flattered. A heat had settled in his cheeks, and he kind of wanted to hold the back of his neck, curling up small and shy. But he stayed where he was, staring, clutching the open magazine.
With a kick of energy, Dean let the beast take over, and stepped back, hands up, stepping side-to-side with a bounce, head down, swishing slightly. Boots came off, toed into a corner, tumbling. Socked feet on the wooden floor, he slid, slipping up to Cas, catching his eyes and grinning.
Castiel pressed a small smile between his lips. “I’m sure your wishes aren’t as silly as all that.”
do, what I like or don’t like. I’m just...” He shrugged. “I’m genderless.”
“Nah,” Dean smiled, reaching up to grip Castiel’s shirt, bringing him down close. “I’m here with you.”
narrow margin for error, watched you proceed to work entirely by instinct, without relying on any formal measurements whatsoever – and – and I cannot stress this enough – you
one from experience. Don’t ask.”
But he paused.
“Believe me,” Dean said, “you’re not the problem.”
Nevertheless, Castiel put down his cakes in a spare corner of the table, then looked around to find Dean.
He looked up at Dean, who was nibbling his lower lip, fingers locked behind his head. His face was softly lit from below by light rebounding off the table, putting a gleam in his eyes. Did he want to win or didn’t he? He seemed to be acting like he wanted to lose. Why? Did he
“Cypress wood,” Sam said. “Twelve inches. Dragon heartstring.”
Cas followed him, followed him right up to the island’s side once more, where Dean took hold of the edge and started to work his crotch forwards, grinding against Castiel. Castiel seemed taken aback, looking down at the stuttering contact in perplexion.
“Sure,” Dean said, rolling the potion bottle back and forth across his palms in his eagerness. “Cas, you mind wearing pink?”
Dean licked his lips again. “Yeah,” he croaked.
Their faces grew sticky from the salt in the air – and in a sudden gust, Baby Batman blew away.
“Hello,” Castiel said with a smile. “Is Dean here?”
“I know who I am,” Dean said. “
Castiel processed that, and soon began to touch himself again. Dean watched. Now that Castiel seemed far more at ease doing this, Dean relaxed. He wriggled back on the hood of the car, making the frame clank and bounce. He got comfy, and he lay down, his lower back pressed to the searing-hot, sleek metal. His eyes never left Castiel, and Castiel turned at the waist to watch him.
Yet as he stood, giving his practised, pleasant smiles to everyone who came to say hello or tell him how impressive his game was, his eyes kept moving to Dean, watching him.
“Anyone ever tell you you’re a fun-sucker?” Dean asked, gripping his uniform pile in one hand. “Hell knows how Mom raised one of you and one of me. I’m just tryna enjoy my afternoon, Sammy.”
“Answer the question, Cas. Like, in miles. Yards. Minutes. Anything.”
“Oh! I’ll get it,” Castiel said hastily, taking Mariela’s hand. “I can carry it to my car when I leave. I, um. I want to wander around for a while.” His eyes darted to the barbecue truck, then back. “S-See what else is happening.”
Castiel snorted, spitting out Dean’s cock. He nuzzled Dean’s hip, still snickering.
“I’ve had to use the school’s phoenixes for my post, these past six months.” Charlie smiled, putting one hand into a pocket of her jeans. “Not that I mind. I just miss you so much, that’s all,” she said, cooing at her beloved Inferno. She tickled his cheek, and the phoenix trilled, rubbing his face against her finger.
Gilda smiled oddly, lifting both hands so her and Castiel made an arch over their heads. “Why would she like
Castiel nodded, accepting that.
“Honestly?” Dean chuckled. “Ain’t that much cooler out here. Bright as hell, though. God. I’m seeing spots.”
“You were so much better at Defence than Flying,” Charlie grinned. “I can say that, now I’m no longer your teacher. But you were. You kinda sucked at riding a broomstick.”
“Every
He looked at the door before him. Beyond this door was the opening to the rope bridge, the bridge which led to the Astronomy tower. It was the furthest point from the heart of the school, as far away from the Fountain Room as Dean could’ve gone as he fled.
He wondered if Dean liked the taste of himself. Then he wondered if Dean would like the taste of Castiel.
“Um,” Dean said. “Eros is into guys and girls. Both.”
“Ah! Look, there’s a shooting star,” Castiel said, a thrill in his voice.
The phoenix lifted her wings, and the tapestry rolled up along with them.
Castiel shook his head.
Charlie grinned. “Good luck with Dean.”
the crap I heard from my students, Cas.”
“I’m not leaving you,” Dean said firmly, patting the car. “This trip brought us together. All of us. You’re family now, Baby. And we don’t leave family behind.”
Dean’s heart surely stopped for a moment. “Th... That’s not why you like this issue, is it...”
The wand lady was already finishing up with the girl and her parents: she’d picked out a neat white phoenix-feather wand for her, nine inches long. The air around her sparkled when she held it, and straight away everyone knew it was the right one. Castiel wondered why his own wand was so difficult to find in contrast.
Dean didn’t understand what that meant. But he accepted that Castiel did.
. Then Charlie looked right, to the scarlet-covered bed with draped curtains at its four corners.
“Good,” Castiel said, pulling up a stool and sitting beside Dean. “Show me how you’d begin.”
Dean shook his head, breathless. “My dick’s gone. My dick’s
Castiel held his $6 cake dazedly, watching as Dean smushed his cake to his lips, apparently more interested in making out with it than eating it. But he did lick his lips, and started to chew, making happy, content noises. “Hhhmmmm, ‘s good. Fuck. And I don’t even like cake. Don’t tell Sammy I ate cake willingly, he’ll never let me live it down.”
“Hm,” Castiel said, coughing again. He fished out a burnt magazine from the layers of black stuff on the desk, and with his fingertips, he brushed away flakes of ruined paper, once glossy. “
book out...”
“Me?” Gabriel raised his eyebrows. “Wouldn’t
His patronus winked one eye, then disappeared.
Sam raised his hands halfway, an apologetic shine in his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he said quietly. “That was a crappy thing to do, I was just... pissed off.”
Castiel half-smiled. “Yes and no. The results of your F.R.O.G.s may shape your entire careers, it’s true. But whatever you go on to study after you graduate school, or whatever field of employment you enter, you need to know a whole lot more than what was covered on the test. And for that matter, there’s plenty in the test which would have no real-world use.”
Charlie thought about that. Turned out, she already knew the answer. “If I gave up Defence, would you take over? I won’t be able to let it go unless I know my students are in good hands. Would you teach that instead of Charms? Defence was your best subject...”
“Uhhrhhh,” Dean said, flopping back to his bed. “Why’re you trying to re-grow my skull?”
Dean turned around, and he grinned. Castiel was holding a rubber duck. “Look, Dean.” Castiel squeezed the duck, and it wheezed.
,” she gushed, heading for Castiel’s desk, where he sat hunched over, scribbling on a parchment. “You would not
It was fine to cry if Charlie was there.
was almost out of product to sell. Castiel pulled his precious chocolate gateau from the mini-fridge just as the last apple tarts were disappearing.
things.
“What if... it becomes a lifetime commitment?” Castiel asked, carefully.
The radio went
he have his wand, though?” Dean asked. “He took all his freaking clothes off! He keeps his wand in his sleeve like a crazy person, so— CAS! CAS, GET YOUR LILY-WHITE ASS BACK HERE.”
Castiel looked up from his food in surprise. “Kissing,” he said. “Oh.”
Castiel twiddled and twirled the knob, but he couldn’t get it to work again.
“Lie down with me,” Castiel said.
Dean swallowed, looking away as Charlie flipped through the years. “There’s more wizard days than witch days,” Dean said, “but the wizard days tend to be more spread out, sandwiched in between witchzard days, whereas the witch days come in blocks, sometimes uninterrupted weeks at a time. That’s... That’s kind of what this is about.”
no. You’re crazy.”
Dean’s lips parted. “Oh... Uh.” He flushed. “Doggy style?”
He reached out and untucked Castiel shirt for him, past the apron. Ivory satin was sleek in his hand, and flopped down nicely – yet was still hidden. Dean took off his own apron, tossing it over Sam’s barstool at the end of the island. He snuck closer, but Castiel didn’t move.
“I’m hard,” Dean said. He looked Castiel in the eye. His lips were plump, his eyes dark. “I have a massive fuckin’ boner right now and I couldn’t make a potion even if you paid me.”
He just
Dean eventually gave a sigh, and he slid out from Castiel’s comforting hold. They smiled at each other, both shy for some reason.
Dean looked towards the front row, and smiled weakly when he saw Castiel at the right-hand corner, sitting with both hands folded in his lap. Castiel lifted a hand to wave, but Dean could only twitch his hand in response. He felt frozen up, barely thawed by the time he reached the stage.
“Jeez, get a room,” Charlie uttered from behind him.
“An artist,” Dean answered. “Supposedly a Muggle. He did some awesome optical illusions. Stairs that go in impossible directions, hands that draw themselves. Total mindfuck, but it’s beautiful.”
He looked down upon the quarry. Its usual red colouring was washed out in blue. Faintly, as though coming from another world, Castiel could still hear the music from the party.
Skyking looked thoroughly sour. “Yeah,” he said, quietly.
“What, the sprinkles? Dude. Sprinkles are never inappropriate.” Dean batted at Castiel’s thigh, then sank his teeth into the cake. “‘S puhfechkt.”
Dean hurried to inspect the new car, checking it over. It was a perfect twin for the original Impala. Same rental sticker in the window, same license plates, same sun-hot metal under his fingers.
Then someone at the front of the auditorium raised their hand. “Sir?”
“Two minutes,” Castiel said. Now he took Dean’s still-hot latke pan and poured his mixed-up rice-and-pesto combo into it, shoving it around with the spatula. “Just drying it out a bit. I want it to have a crunch to it.”
His eyes darted to Castiel, who was waving again. Castiel mimed pointing his wand at his throat, his mouth moving around the word of a spell.
He blinked a few times, apparently coming to his senses. He pulled his wand out of his sleeve and waved it. Charlie jumped back off the dais when a force field shattered between them, crackling like gold until the bubble burst with a light
Castiel sighed, and raised both hands to his chest. He left his book open, and all the pages flipped shut, but he ignored it in favour of unbuttoning the rest of his shirt.
Dean felt a thud in his chest, a too-hard heartbeat. “I’m okay! You gotta tell him I’m okay.”
“There’s a
Okay, Dean definitely looked worried. He nibbled on his lower lip, eyes drifting to the far wall ahead of him. Slowly, he sighed, nodding. “Alright,” he said. He smiled at Charlie, but the smile didn’t reach his eyes. “I’ll be right out. Gimmie thirty seconds.”
When he came, he came silently; his breath halted halfway in, halfway out. Every muscle in his body was tense, and all his awareness centred on one feeling: a hot rush flowed from him into the pillow, into a fold of damp, friction-hot cloth.
Dragging his feet away, Dean watched Skink take up residence on the home plate. Dean let the game go on while he wandered off, going to the refreshment table and pouring himself a tall glass of sour lemonade. He drank it down with great relish, smacking his lips when the glass was empty.
He gazed at Dean sternly, heart pounding.
“Nothing’s... funny.” Dean shook his head, peeking between his fingers at Castiel, then he let his hands fall. “I just didn’t think I’d ever be this comfortable with you. It’s kinda nice.”
“What about socialising? You’re doing fine now, I just mean... other times.”
“The heck was that?” Charlie asked.
“Oh yeah,” Charlie cheered, clapping her hands. “That was gorgeous.”
part was on Dean’s black kosher barbecue truck (née
“Speak for yourself, asshat. I found a grey hair the other day.”
“No, I— I just need to know if I’m allergic. Does it have wheat in it?”
“You know what else is great for stress relief? Other than Calming Draught, I mean,” Dean added.
Elmie x
Dean waved a hand. “Pff. Didn’t pan out. This was before autotune.”
“Dean— Hey, Dean!”
,” he said, defensively. (That meant
“You’re too nosy,” Castiel scowled.
Dean sighed. He looked disparagingly at Castiel’s rumpled, untucked shirt, his tatty waistcoat, and his sandy, soggy slacks. Two weeks of hard wear, swapping between two sets of clothes... it hadn’t made for a handsome outcome.
“Wishing never works,” Dean said, looking back at the water. “But that doesn’t stop me trying.”
“What’s he doing driving off at this time of the day?” Missouri asked. She tapped the window a second time, and the window zoomed in on the back of the car. Two silhouettes were visible through the dust cloud. The man in the driver’s seat was obviously Dean, but the man next to him... Was that Castiel?
He led his soldiers out of the house and down the path, full to the brim with happiness. There, parked halfway up onto the sidewalk, was the most beautiful creature Dean had ever seen in his life. A black stallion of a car with sleek, long sides that seemed to go on forever, a gorgeous nose, gleaming silver wheel rims...
“Disturbing,” Charlie finished, flicking her wand to set another desk in place. “Sixteen simulations where my students try and murder me? No thank you.”
“I wonder if we’ll ever have a house like this,” Dean said, thinking how quaint it all was. “Kitchen, bathroom, couple of bedrooms, little garden out front. Tank full of goldfish.”
Dean whistled. “Always knew you were a lizard at heart, Cas.”
Most of all, he hoped Castiel realised how easily he could be loved.
“Charlie? No.”
“What?” Sam seemed startled. “Oh. No. I was just thinking... I have three close friends. One of them’s totally gay, my only sibling is bisexual and genderfluid, and in a relationship with you: a genderless entity of unknown origin. I was just wondering if I’m the only normal—” He inhaled suddenly, “Sorry, not
The boy’s eyebrows rose, and he was about to reply when he was distracted by the wand lady clicking in his face.
Dean’s jaw was rounded, and the once-double groove at the point of his chin was now a single point. He ran his fingers over it; it was smooth and soft and he was reminded of a dozen girls whose chins he’d held this way.
“Charlie...” Castiel turned, but Charlie was already sneaking away, her hand in Gilda’s. A smirk leapt to Charlie’s face, and she lifted her wand, shooting a spell at Castiel’s clothes.
“What’s your bet? Five minutes to find it?” Castiel asked, running his hand through the back of Dean’s hair.
“Don’t worry,” Castiel said to her. “I’ve got it.”
you or anything.”
“This issue,” Dean said excitedly, flapping the magazine. “The article about crossdressing? Look, here—” With a broad grin, Dean flipped through page after page, making flecks of black stick to his hands and shimmer down to the desk below. “This.” Dean showed Castiel the article, and Castiel took the magazine. “When I read it, I was like, thank
He was so completely and utterly in love with Dean, Castiel thought to himself.
. Cream cheese in a grilled sandwich, piles of lettuce, some strings of red onion? Fine. But not pesto. Olives,
The teachers around the room chuckled and clapped, nudging each other. Nearly all of them had taught Sam as a student, and they’d said goodbye to him less than three months ago. Castiel himself was stunned to see him back so soon.
“Relax,” Dean whispered, eyes on Castiel’s lips. “Just let go, man. Nobody’s looking.”
He took a lock of hair as it reached his chest, and he looked at it closely. “It’s red,” Dean gasped.
Cooking pot down beside it. One level cupful of brown rice, steady, steady... Five hundred grains fell into the pot, hissing and tapping the base.
Dean didn’t reply. It
His eyes were open wide now, but he still couldn’t breathe. He was shivering, and he was still tense.
in an otherwise empty school, with his younger brother and a new friend Dean’s own age – that was Dean’s dream come true.
Charlie laughed suddenly, both hands over his mouth. “Oh my gosh,” she said, squeezing her hands against her cheeks in her excitement. “When did you—
Castiel grinned, seeing the distraction flicker through Dean’s eyes. “Is it just me or is your mind elsewhere?”
“It’s a secret,” Castiel replied. He then waved his wand over the potion and said, “Anthos,” causing the potion to turn a gorgeous pink. He smiled in satisfaction, reaching to pick up a book from beside his cauldron, holding it in front of him to read.
“Cas? He felt so bad about what he did – as he should – he had to go seek solace or pray for forgiveness. Hell knows. I think he’s in the bathroom, wallowin’ in regret.”
When Castiel pulled back, Dean held on, uttering a soft, “No...”
“So, really,” Charlie said. “What are you sending?”
Castiel blinked a few times. “You... want me to visit your home. And eat dinner.”
They hit a second ball the same way, then another and another, and Castiel laughed every time, always enjoying the hard knock they could give the ball if they worked together.
...Weren’t they?
With a yawn, she stood up from the desk, rubbing her tired eyes, then she pulled her time-turner out from under her red robe. “Well, time for me to have dinner again. Then I can snuggle up in bed. Finally.”
, his thighs tense, wanting Cas to make him come.
“Done,” Dean said, hands raised. Bobby turned around and left.
A shape burst forth from his wand. It was indeed large and four-legged, but the sight of it half-formed gave Castiel such a shock that the silver light disappeared, and that dark side of the classroom dipped back to its usual gloom.
He rolled the morsel between palate and tongue, then swallowed.
Castiel stopped tugging on himself. “Are you sure?”
“Are we really doing this?” Dean asked.
Castiel ruffled his shirt collar, undoing it by a single button. He was suddenly ten times more attractive, and ten times more ready for a fight. “Latkes,” he said.
Charlie tapped Dean on the shoulder, and he turned to he looked back at her.
The bass roamed, hungry, heartbeats under the wooden floor. Dean found himself nodding his head to the beat despite himself, hearing Castiel tap his spoon on the counter’s edge. They looked back at each other – and laughed, Dean embarrassed, Castiel enthused.
“Come in,” called a woman’s voice.
“I’m not vegan, Dean. I eat animal products. It’s not about me.”
“You are a hero, Dean Winchester,” Castiel said again, quietly. “And I promise to do everything in my power to make sure your brother never has to fight as you have had to.”
Castiel sat up, looking unfazed. “I realize that, but you cannot lead your people if you’re dead, which is what you’re working yourself toward. You need sleep.”
, Cas,” Dean moaned. “Shit, that... that feels good.” He lowered himself again, then rose, muscles flexing again.
“A dragon
Castiel’s wings, which seemed to have shoved themselves through slits in the back of his clothes, flared in an undeniable show of anger. “How dare you? I was fighting for the good of our
Seconds later, faster than Castiel could comprehend, an arrow was embedding itself in Ishim’s thick scales, mere inches from his left eye. Dean hadn’t been fucking around. He’d gone for the kill.
“He’s strong,” Jo said quietly. Castiel tensed. He hadn’t sensed her getting close, and he wasn’t sure he could trust her. She didn’t seem to be too much of a threat, once he assessed her. Her dark eyes were fixed on Dean, her pretty face twisted in a worried expression. “He’ll make it.”
When they got to the beach, walking was harder. He tried not to stumble on the uneven, slippery sand. Castiel helped him along, glancing back every now and then to check that the security guards hadn’t noticed them. They remained uninterested, their eyes on the roads leading into the town.
Dean blinked. “What do you mean?”
Dean was sure he got some strange looks, since he was practically running through the crowd, but he was too desperate to care. Spotting his soulmate’s familiar dark head was like a breath of fresh air. Dean quickened his pace, the nausea in his gut roiling.
“It will cool off at night,” Castiel pointed out. “You can use the weighted blanket in the winter, too.” He looked at Dean with pleading eyes. “Dean, I know you’ve been having nightmares. They don’t disturb my sleep, before you start worrying. I just… I notice.”
“He is the Dragon-Slayer, the Righteous Man,” Castiel replied. “He is a legend among dragons. He felled the two eldest Princes of Hell. He will kill the last one too.”
Dean realized how this must look. The villagers must have heard the roars on the mountain earlier. They didn’t know that Castiel was accompanied by a human. And here Dean was, striding into the village armed to the teeth, bearing injuries that could only have been caused by a dragon.
Castiel frowned, thinking for a minute, then said, “I have an idea. Come over here.”
Doing a job like this was fun. It was a process. It made Dean feel fulfilled at the end of the day to know he’d done his best. Castiel always told him that he should pursue the thing he would do for free, and Dean would have definitely fixed cars for free, if he could have.
Castiel nodded. He brought his arm in a little, brought Dean up to a sitting position, and gave his charge a small smile. The warm, dopey grin he received in return made his chest warm affectionately. “Dean, would you like to be done? Or do you want to come? You’ve been very good for me.”
Dean’s cheeks heated. “Aw, angel, you can’t just
Dean swallowed, squeezing his eyes shut. “How long?”
Gods, how long had they been traveling this road?
The wind was whistling around him, finding its way through the cave in soft gusts. It brought raindrops on its spindle currents, weaving in and out through the mountain peaks. Thunder rumbled in the distance. Below, in the valley, there was surely a spectacular lightning storm.
Once again, we have been blessed with some FANTASTIC fanart by the amazing Phantom31615. This one is incredible, my friends. Phantom did an amazing job. Seriously, they got EVERYTHING. The glowing eyes, the wings shielding Dean, the snarling, the fire... It's absolutely incredible. Thank you again, Phantom! ;)
The beginning of the end started on a Thursday.
“I have an idea,” Dean said before Clyde could do anything. “Clyde, if you let me grab my laptop, I can open it and you can talk to us. Kinda like a high-tech Ouija board?” There was no answer, but after a moment, the lock on the door flicked open. Dean gave a little chuckle. “Awesome.”
“Come on, now,” Castiel choked out, forcing himself to move and not just stand there like an idiot with his arms around Dean. “Time to go to bed.”
Despite all the previous joking, Castiel wasn’t sure he’d be able to sleep at all. Not with Dean in bed mere feet away from him.
“Dean, soulmate or not, abuse is abuse,” Castiel whispered. “This is
Dean blinked, momentarily stunned by her words. “I—He’s not my friend,” he said. Jo looked up at him questioningly. Dean swallowed. “He’s… Michael’s my soulmate.” As if she needed proof, he twisted his left arm so he could show her the inside of his wrist, where his Soul Mark was.
“I didn’t say anything,” Castiel replied, frowning at the screen. He read Dean’s last text message and felt his stomach drop. He frowned at his roommate. “Are you screwing with me, Dean? This isn’t funny.”
“This here’s Dean, boys,” Coach Singer called to the team. “He’s my friend John’s son, and he swam for the Hunters these last few years. He’ll be swimmin’ with us for his senior year.”
Mary Winchester had arrived not long after the roof had been torn off. She ran into the tower room to find Azazel grinning down at her oldest son, her youngest wailing in the crib a few feet away.
Thunder boomed again, and the rain finally began to fall.
“Mother
He was bringing Dean to his
“Do you know how many people you’ve killed?” Dean asked, purely out of curiosity. It didn’t occur to him that Castiel might be offended by the question, though afterward, he cringed slightly at the idea of pissing the Alpha off.
“Answer me when I ask you a question, then,” the Alpha snarled. His fierce glare morphed to a sickeningly sweet smile in a flash that sent nausea flooding through Dean’s insides. “Wouldn’t want there to be trouble, hmm?” He squeezed Dean’s wrist hard enough for something to shift painfully. Dean hissed through his teeth, attempting to tug himself away again.
Castiel bared his teeth threateningly, arms tightening around Dean. It was only when he remembered the warmth of Dean’s blood soaking through his own shirt that he relented, knowing that Dean needed all the help he could get.
When Jack had become God, he’d wiped Dean’s criminal record free, as well as any memories the authorities might have had of him. Dean had been free to house-hunt with Castiel as much as he’d wanted, and after a couple months of searching in the Sioux Falls area, they’d found one that fit the bill. One of the main attractions had been the kitchen. Dean stared into it now, brain half-functioning, buried in doubts.
Castiel smiled softly at him. “My love for you.”
He was way out of his depth, floundering and drowning like a little kid in the deep end of the pool. So he did the only thing he really knew how to do, the only thing he could think of.
Dean winced. “Great. Now she’s gonna feed me kale medicine to spite me. Gods, I love Rowena, but she really needs to learn to make her potions and remedies tastier.”
Castiel went over the cuts on his face with alcohol pads. He taped up the biggest one, the one on Dean’s cheekbone, with two butterfly bandages. Dean knew Michael must have been wearing rings when he’d punched him. That was the only explanation for the cuts on his face.
It was early afternoon on a Friday. Dean nodded, trying to figure out how that went. Thankfully, before he had to ask, Cam spoke up like he’d been reading his mind. “We’ve got hotel rooms,” he explained. “Pretty sure we’re booked fifteen minutes away, right, coach?”
Castiel cringed at the memory of the words. Dean’s had stung, but his... his were just cruel. Dean
It was true. He could see the words register on the dragon’s face. He could also see the defiance in those blue eyes, and it made him so
Castiel flared his wings in a silent show of strength. Dean rolled his eyes at the dragon’s preening, and at the gasps and shouts from the crowd.
He turned to the dark-haired Dom, expectant. Waiting.
How could he admit that he didn’t even want to meet his soulmate, let alone a random person outside of that? How could he say that he was in love with someone else already? How could he ever explain to his cousin that the person he loved already had a soulmate of their own?
He should have been happy for Castiel. He should have been excited that his friend was being paid attention to, that someone was taking the time to send him gifts and chocolate and stupid heart-shaped stones. Dean should have been
That stung badly. Castiel stood too, if only so he wasn’t looking up at Dean. “I haven’t even
That, unfortunately, was very true. “He’s right,” Castiel conceded. He had to admit that the youngest Winchester seemed quite intelligent.
~>>>~
“Cas,” Dean tried.
“Come on,” Castiel said, squeezing Dean’s hand. Dean hadn’t even realized they were still
Castiel closed his eyes, his chest shaking, the rain streaming cold and wet down the grooves of his scales. It felt wrong to fly without that comforting, warm weight on his shoulders. Castiel wanted to go scoop up the prince, wanted to go watch the stars appear with him again. Gods, why had he
“That’s exactly what you need to do,” Castiel said gently. “You’re sick, Dean. You can barely stand up, let alone go to a party and be expected to behave normally for an untold amount of hours. You need to tell him.”
"Basically. It's a wild rose bush according to Google."
But it was not just them for some time now. The two of them in the front seats, that much went unchanged, but Cas, Castiel, an angel of the Lord, sitting in the backseat, that was mostly new.
"What?"
"I'm going for my machete," he said, already on his way for the weapon. That's what the prince did, wasn't it? Cutting the roses, getting closer to the sleeping princess in the tower.
The last piece of glass tinkled when it hit the bottom of the bowl soon after that. Most of the cuts didn't need sewing, but the area was already warmer than the surrounding flesh. The infection might've already taken root.
The kiss was just a peck on the lips, but the roses died right away, dismantling into dust, only the halo made of thorns remained intact.
He was sitting next to a nuke bomb, and he felt safe and more at home than the previous night in his own room. He was safe because Cas was safe.
"Did you kill the other witch?" Cas asked.
"You done?" asked Dean impatiently.
"My Grace seems to be completely alright," said Cas, satisfaction written over his face. "Let me heal you before you go, Sam."
Dean reached the entrance hall of the school, and he heard chatter coming from the Great Hall that ought to have set his spiked-up hair even more on end. There were definitely more than ninety students waiting for him. But he was emboldened by the knowledge that they’d all showed up to learn something he could teach them.
He must’ve changed his mind about coming as a woman, that was all.
“It’s weird the first time,” Dean agreed. His finger went deeper, stretching out Castiel’s tight muscle. “Damn. You’re freakin’
made a difference, Dean. You didn’t write me off as being ‘difficult’ or ‘annoying’ or ‘needy’. or assume I’m just trying to make your life harder.”
Castiel blinked twice, realising Dean hadn’t spoken. He looked up again. “Is something the matter?”
“Inside,” Rinker said, cocking his head towards the doors. The sound of chatter was as loud as it usually was at dinner time. “If I may offer a word of warning, Master Winchester,” Rinker added, raising his tatty ears. “Don’t let the students control your classroom.”
, Professor Goldkeeper. I know how it went for you.”
“Dare say it couldn’t,” Moseley agreed, bending at the waist to pull something from a desk drawer. “I been waitin’ for this day for You-Know-Who knows how long.”
A second-year student stood beside Castiel’s desk. Castiel leaned back against the desk, his waistcoat undone and his off-white sleeves rolled to the elbows. He smiled at the girl pleasantly, blue eyes sparkling in the caring way they always did.
Castiel let go of Dean’s hand, already pulling out his wand. “Aguamenti!” he yelped, aiming his wand at the lashing, roaring flames. Water spouted out of his wand and towards the radio.
Dean sniffed, wiping his face with his fingertips, still glaring at Sam.
When Professor Moseley hummed questioningly, Charlie leaned forward and said, “Okay. Say, for whatever reason, the no-relationship rule was still in place, come February fourteenth. The point of the rule is to shield the kids from knowing what the teachers get up to in their private lives, right? So hear me out here. What if... everyone was in disguise. Not just the teachers – the students too. Fancy gowns, sleek suits and ties, the usual ball attire – but paired with masks. Magical or not. You know who your date is, but you don’t recognise anybody else. Everyone in attendance is anonymous.”
Castiel nodded, understanding. “Mariela helped me a lot.”
“Yes.” Castiel didn’t seem sad. He didn’t seem to be expressing any emotion at all. “I’m bored of this.”
Sam looked around, over the heads of the crowd. “Where’s Cas and Professor Bradbury? I thought they’d be here by now.”
Castiel looked back. Without the direct light, Dean could no longer tell how dark his pupils were. In gloom like this, they could only be fully dilated.
Dean let a tear fall, managing a grin at last. He sank against Castiel’s chest, sniffing once. He kissed Castiel gently, wetly, just against the side of his lips.
Charlie grinned. “And that’s why your students love you.”
Dean smirked, seeing Gabriel unfold his arms and float away.
“Alright,” Sam said boldly, marching up and taking Dean’s place, facing the empty classroom. Dean went back to stand with Charlie and Castiel, smiling when they each elbowed him in congratulations.
Dean nodded, going to get a bra out of the top drawer of Castiel’s cabinet. “Witchzard day. Bra and panties under a shirt’ll do me fine.”
“I have,” Sam said.
Charlie waited until she felt the grip of three strong hands; Sam held her right hand, Dean held her left, and Castiel gripped her left wrist securely. Charlie took a deep breath, thought of home, and Disapparated from Jinxes.
The year following Dean’s Bafflingly Arduous Tests was even worse. F.R.O.G.s were significantly harder than B.A.T.s, and to top it all off, Dean was dating, like, five different girls. Sam told him he was an idiot, but Dean insisted they had an
“As I remember it, we didn’t get to finish,” Dean said, striding out into the middle of the Astronomy tower, arms spread. His green silk sleeves hung down in soft inches of fabric, his shoulders magnificent and his movements graceful like a swan’s. Far to his left was the giant telescope peeking out through the quarter-open roof of the tower, and to the right, and all around, red and yellow and orange birds stretched from their sleeping positions in their private wall alcoves, curious black eyes peering down from on high to watch Dean twirl alone.
“I didn’t do anything, I just—” Dean scrunched a hand into his hair, frustrated. “I had a good one, then it crapped out.”
Somewhere in the midwest, they stopped at a campsite in a field, and they sat on the roof and watched the sunset. It was a dull and cloudy sunset, but there was a Christmas tree in the camp, hung with what looked like a thousand lights. As the sun went down, the lights got brighter, and when night had fallen, the place dazzled with rainbows. The last of the year’s lightning bugs jittered through the grass, flashing in time with the bassline that played from someone’s car window.
Castiel rubbed his face once more, then readied himself for another ball.
“Wizards do that too.” Castiel turned his head to peer back at Dean, mere inches away. Dean tasted his breath; it smelt of nothing but warmth. “What would you wish for, Dean?”
With a devilish grin, Castiel leaned his ass against his desk, folding his arms. “Oh, I hated it too,” he assured them. “After two years of study, I barely scraped an ‘Acceptable’ in many of my B.A.T. classes. And I regretted it. I regretted not working harder, and I resented not being able to understand things as easily as other people.” He met the eyes of a few of his thirty-one students, who had previously been third-years but were now fourth-years faced with their first big examinations. “But that’s not going to happen to you.”
. The day they both got their wands.
Castiel’s eyes skipped back and forth between Dean’s, to his mouth, to his forehead, back to his eyes. “Alright?”
“Four,” Dean said, holding up four fingers, as Sam rushed for the fridge and opened it, discovering the absence of everything from the crisper, which Dean and Castiel had purloined for their late-night cook-off.
“Hey... Can I try somethin’?” Dean asked, feeling bold.
“But,” he said, pausing to look at his class, “when we talk about whether someone’s a boy or a girl, or even something else, we should use the word ‘gender’. He, she,
things worked was never important to me like it was to Sam.”
Castiel inclined his head. “In which case... I have a...
They each took a forkful of pasta and veggies, blowing the heat away. They glanced at each other, then filled their mouths, Castiel squinting, Dean staring at his bowl, both of them poised for critique. And it came in the form of two smiles, Dean’s bobbing, contented nod, and a sigh of gladness from Castiel, eyes falling shut.
Sam chuckled from amidst the cheers, “You gotta stop calling yourself that, I am
Castiel swallowed. He blinked, then he shifted a hand slowly to his throat. He touched the top button of his shirt, and he undid it. Dean watched this with rapt fascination. Castiel went back to his book.
Dean looked at himself, blinking hard. He was so hot he could barely see, but his vision cleared enough that he saw his hand pull out his cock, stroking it. A wet dribble emerged from the slit as he tugged up, and Dean swept the liquid under his fingers, using it to tug his foreskin down, wrinkling the skin back and forth a few times.
Dean glanced over, and felt a thrill as he met the crystalline-blue eyes of Castiel. “You’re still here,” Dean said in surprise.
Dean looked ahead, taking a breath. “Okay,” he said. “Maybe I’m being selfish.”
hot. Around that age all kids get a little weird around their teachers. Especially the hot ones.”
Dean sneered. “Nyeeh.”
Dean exhaled. His words could more easily be applied to himself.
Sam grinned, catching Castiel’s eyes from across the room. “On the last day of term, Professor Moseley offered me a position here,” he explained, looking from Castiel to Bobby, then to Linda. Sam shrugged, and finished, “And I accepted.”
As they began to blink harder, and their eyes stayed closed for longer each time, Dean took a breath and he mumbled a question. “Do you still feel awkward about this?” he asked, kissing Castiel’s chin between words.
, something I could find a way to get over eventually.”
Then Dean paused, staring through the purple darkness to ponder the trucks ahead. “Cas?”
Charlie stepped up onto the porch, breathing out a cloud of white. She knocked on the front door. A happy jitter filled her belly as she heard her mother get up from her chair and cross the living room, her slippers tapping on the tiles in front of the door.
“And...” Dean huffed. “And wheat.” He got up and fetched himself his own spoon, washing it. “Guess I ain’t kissin’ you anytime tonight, huh.”
Dean and Castiel had never taught a day in their lives; they hadn’t yet learned responsibility. They were still only children themselves. Summer was for games.
Castiel blushed a little. Dean pretended not to notice, stepping away.
“Here,” Sam said. He put his wand on the desk, letting it roll a short way. “That’s my wand. Take a look! My brother paid for it, with Muggle money he had saved up in his piggy bank. A piggy bank is like a... a ceramic container, shaped like a pig. Muggles keep coins inside.” Sam chuckled. “I know, it’s weird. But Dean saved up for four years to get me this wand, so I’d be ready when I came to study here.”
Dean walked slowly to the stage under the chalkboard, eyes scouring the audience. It was fair to say, the entire school had turned out today. Including the teachers. Dean looked up to the back row, and he saw Sam and Charlie up there, standing on the staircase as there were no seats left. Professor Moseley and Professor D’Angel sat together, next to most of the other teachers. Gabriel and a handful of other ghosts glowed amongst living faces. Even the jellyfish ghost had showed up.
“Oh my God,” Dean grinned, taking Castiel’s arm and shaking it. “You and Charlie really painted that.
Castiel waited halfway to the door of the Potions classroom. “Are you coming?”
. No teacher at Jinxes is going to tolerate that. If I hear one more use of that word, you will be reported to the Principal. And she has the authority to expel you. Do you understand that, Skyking?”
.” Dean took Castiel’s cheeks in his hands, trying and failing to draw his eye. “Look at me.”
“How does Master Castiel know he’s no good at batting if he’s never tried it?”
. Who says ‘telephone’ anymore?”
“I want dainty hands,” Dean sighed. “And for the ball, I... I wanna paint my nails.”
Dean sucked on Castiel’s thumb for a second longer, having forgotten he was meant to let go. He felt a flush grace his skin as he pulled away.
Dean could guess where this was going. He’d been expecting this ever since he was taking his Frustrating Review Of Gradation examinations and he saw Professor Bradbury run two different ways down a hallway at the same time.
Castiel smiled too sweetly, both hands cradling the back of Dean’s skull. “We love you, Dean,” he said simply. “We need you to be happy as much as you do. If you’re not happy, not... comfortable... we’re all missing a piece of ourselves.”
Charlie, curious now, turned around to face Castiel. “What was your happy memory?”
“Please, it’s Castiel. I— I noticed you were alone, and I, um. I was also alone. I thought perhaps we could be alone together.”
,” Dean said in sudden realisation. “I was
A full week later, Castiel wandered into the common room in the middle of the night, craving a cup of tea. He found Dean curled up on his favourite armchair, the same leather-bound book open on his lap. He must’ve fallen asleep reading it, Castiel thought. His hand was resting on a diagram. Castiel slid the book away, and he looked at the page. It was a drawing of a naked woman, her skin labelled with scientific names. Castiel wasn’t surprised that this image was what Dean obsessed over; he talked about women a lot.
Castiel sipped his juice and he sat back in his chair, a smug smile on his lips.
“Tell me more about Eros,” Castiel said, rocking his side against Dean, bumping his chin against Dean’s shoulder. “Or Eros’ lovers. Whoever you feel like being today.”
“Aw.” Dean held Castiel’s hand over his thigh, thumb stroking. “I’m fuckin’ head-over-heels for ya, Cas. I swear, if I wasn’t scared of pulling something or wrecking the kitchen, I’d prove it. Visually. Like, with cartwheels.”
“God, you’re so pretty,” Dean replied in a sigh.
“Why don’t you do it?” Dean asked. “You think I won’t wanna make out? ‘Cause I do.”
Castiel gazed at him, emotions flipping between trepidation and full-blown arousal. “What do you have in mind?”
Dean blinked in surprise – he’d forgotten how late it was. Whenever he was with Cas, time seemed to disappear. Over the years he’d grown to accept it, always forgetting that two hours’ sleep was not adequate for teaching school the next day.
Having made a decision, as well as a secondary decision not to feel guilty about it, he set the cake on top of the fridge. He vacated the space behind the hedges and went back to the street, snuck a couple of paper bags into a hand, then slunk back to the fridge with the bags hidden behind his thigh, trying to act casual.
Dean scoffed. “Yeah, right,” he snarked. “Dude, you brought me cakes and those trashbags ate ‘em all before I got to try
“Here,” Castiel said softly, taking his napkin from his lap. He leaned over the table, cupping Dean’s jaw in his hand, wiping him with the other. He smirked. “That’s better.”
Dean smiled, looking down as Castiel kissed him once more and pulled away.
for it. Scooped out the insides of a food truck like a goddamn pumpkin. I never renovated so hard in my life. Never learned so much about foodsellers’ permits, either, given Sam did it the first time. And. Cas,” Dean’s voice shook, “now the signage is done. And that was basically the last step. We’re gonna be... real
Castiel stared at Dean, sure he’d gone mad.
Skink pitched Castiel a ball as slow as the last one, and Castiel jumped off the plate to hit it. The ball bonked into the bat and dropped to the sand before Castiel even swung. He sighed.
Castiel gazed ahead at the Astronomy tower, watching its black, crooked shape blot out the moonlight. Now his face was bathed in darkness, Castiel could see the light inside the tower glowing brightly, like flames. They were not flames: they were the phoenixes, illuminated for the night. Each bird only glowed faintly, but when over a hundred of them roosted together in their alcoves, their combined light made up a beacon of warm invitation.
With a sigh, Castiel put his fork down and pushed it away, instead leaning forward over his knees. He hunched, head up to watch the party go on without him. He ached to dance, as he enjoyed dancing, but the thought of dancing alone filled him with melancholy.
“Hm?” After a few long seconds, Castiel looked up. “Oh... Bye,” he said belatedly, when Charlie was already halfway from the room, carrying her robes with her. “Have a good evening, Charlie. And I hope things get easier.”
Castiel slung an arm over Mariela’s rounded shoulders, and hugged his cheek to the top of her head as the phone took dozens of pictures. Slowly, Mariela wrapped him back into a hug.
– and he grunted on every thrust, panting, sweating, folding forward and arching up, head rolled back against his shoulders, then down to his chest, face pushed to the other pillow to muffle his moan.
“I know,” Dean said, nodding and frowning. “I know; I don’t feel like me or my job are in any danger, I just...” He clenched his lips together, hiding an emotional wobble. “One Howler’s bad enough, you know? But six on the first day is kind of overwhelming. I’m not really looking forward to tomorrow.”
“What?! I mean it,” Dean said, blinking hard to keep his tired eyes open. “I think you’re cute. And you smell like the Fountain Room.”
, but there was something about this room that made Dean’s heart ache – in a good way.
“So what did it say?” Dean urged.
“I’ve been marking papers since an hour before dinner,” the older Charlie said. “Fifth-years’ research findings on the Unforgivable Curses. Before that, second-years’ essays on the best way to reveal someone’s last-used spell.”
—? I wasn’t...”
Castiel suddenly became aware that he was alone with Dean for the first time, and the man was very, very attractive. Dean reeked of smoke and sweat, and the combination was more intriguing than it ought to be. He smelled... woodsy. Like the experience of forest camping in midsummer, turned into a person.
Dean swallowed, feeling a tiny frown crossing his face.
“Big day tomorrow,” Dean said quietly, as he speared an crispy onion piece on his fork tines and watched the inner layers drop away. “No going back now, huh.”
Castiel snorted. He snatched up his tupperware, glaring at Dean. “I wouldn’t expect you to understand.
“I want new things.” Castiel put on a long-suffering smile. “I’ve been wearing second-hand clothes all my life. They always smell like other people and I don’t like that.”
Then Dean passed her his own wand, Sam handed over his, and Charlie relinquished hers last. Gertrude put them all neatly into the box, and she smiled.
Castiel felt his breath hitch, his muscles squeezing as Dean wriggled his finger gently. “I— I suppose it does?” Castiel said, before gasping. “Oh that’s... Mhh?” He stared at Dean in wonder. “You touched something...”
“I take what I need,” Dean smiled. He turned around and followed Charlie as she headed back the other way down the hallway. He offered his bowl of stew-sodden bread. “Want some?”
A hand rose, and Castiel nodded to the curious student.
“I’ll write when I can,” Sam said. “Magical law is one of the most study-intensive courses they offer in Nebraska, so it might be hard to find the time.” He caught sight of Dean’s worried expression, and he smiled. “C’mon, I’m not gonna
"Four holes," said Sam, swallowing whatever he wanted to say before that.
But breathing. He was breathing.
It almost felt like a normal ride. He was at the steering wheel, like so many times before, Sam right next to him. It was so long just them two and their Impala against the world.
He moved out of reflex, dumbfounded. Jealousy swelled inside his chest like a storm, and there weren't any ration thoughts in his head, only his own heart screaming at him.
It wasn't narrow by any means, but they still pulled Cas closer to them, preparing to turn the body. Possibly without adding more damage.
"Shut up, Crowley..."
"Dean, wake up!"
"No, we should find the antidote, Sammy."
If Cas woke up, it wouldn't have been a problem, just a magic thought and the work was done. But like this, it was on them to keep his vessel alive and well.
They played a few games of Scrabble. Sam hadn’t played a game with real plastic letters before – as a kid they’d only had squares cut out of cereal boxes. Besides vinyl records, Castiel had never touched plastic before in his life. He said he liked it. The letter Q was his favourite, presumably because he added ‘Q-U-I-D-D’ to Dean’s ‘I-T-C-H’ and everyone groaned before resentfully praising him.
Castiel nodded. “Drive safe.”
“So when did you learn to drive, Dean?” Charlie asked, popping open the back door, taking a look inside. Pristine tan leather seats, no seatbelts. Glorious. Dangerous. Perfect.
“Hmmm.” Dean turned away with his plate, his mind on sandwiches now, not the devilish spell that damned song had cast over them both. The song petered out in any case, and drifted into another one of Charlie’s poppier works, distinctly more Paramore than Depeche Mode or Queens of the Stone Age.
“You must’ve passed him on the highway.” Sam thumbed the way Dean had come. “He had a box of food as well. I was gonna text you but he said no.”
Castiel swallowed. “I—” His breath got caught in his throat. He squirmed in his chair, licking his lips as he felt the fat push of his half-hard penis trapped against his upper thigh. “Whenever I forget to take my potion, it’s like all the feelings I repressed just,” he waved towards himself, “rush back. All I’ve done is put them off.”
Charlie and Sam had been giving him twin grins of delight, but both faltered to what seemed like nervous, pitying flat smiles. Sam was the one to say, “He headed out – about twenty minutes ago. Sorry. He had a delivery to make.”
Dean tipped an invisible cap to his audience. “Thank you, thank you.”
“Okay— Okay!” Dean chuckled. The chuckle quieted, and now Dean simply smiled. “But it’s important you catalogue this face too. The way I’m... The way I’m lookin’ at you right now.”
Dean sucked on his lower lip, thinking. “S-So, um. Cas. That ‘gluten’ thing. If I grilled a sandwich with the meat in it, could you even eat it? Gluten’s in bread, right? Food glue.”
,” go around the room.
“We’re doin’ this again tonight,” Dean promised, kissing Castiel’s upper lip. “Let’s see if I can actually get my dick inside you next time.”
“Good,” Charlie said, patting his hand.
Their feet skipped and skimmed and stomped, bouncing past each other, hands clapping, holding on, arms raised. They took each other by the waist and paced in a circle, and they gazed at each other for so long they forgot there was a world around them.
“Um. Cas – a hint?”
With a smile, Charlie said, “Over this year, I’ll hopefully get to know every one of you, and you’ll get to know me. We’ll all become good friends.” She widened her eyes in mimed surprise. “Oh! And I’ll teach you how to fly a broomstick, too!”
“Took a bathroom break,” Gabriel grinned.
“Bought it,” Dean said proudly, putting down the tupperware, taking out the icing-smudged paper towel and tossing it aside. He rinsed the box in the sink, adding, “I mean, got a mortgage. But it’s mine and Sammy’s name on the deed.
Castiel only remembered what ‘acing something’ meant because he’d overheard a Muggle-born explaining the phrase to a pureblood when they didn’t understand. Castiel nodded. “I’m ‘acing’ potions.”
Dean swallowed. “You... You actually...” His heart felt like it sank a foot lower in his chest. He carried on reading, unable to look away.
“Pardon?” Castiel frowned. “She’s what?”
He looked so pitiful all of a sudden. He hated being left out of the loop.
“No, no, don’t worry, I won’t keep you.” Castiel scratched his forehead. “Can I help?”
work. Imagine the Impala looking like she always does, but running on an engine out of someone else’s car.”
“No, I mean— Are you certain you want me...”
“Gotcha,” Dean beamed, patting Castiel’s stubbly cheek. “You first, buddy. Floor’s clear. Head in the game. Give us what you got.”
Castiel frowned as he concentrated, struggling to imagine the frilly edges of the dress morphing into something handsome. When he supposed he had the right thing in mind, he aimed the wand at Dean and uttered, “
He proceeded with his own recipe. Half-onion chopped, four potatoes grated, dried and pressed between kitchen towels. Powder gelatin thrown in... Plus a little extra for luck.
“Eat a new food every time you have an experience you want to remember,” Dean said, putting his hands on his hips. “Or sniff a new scented candle. Drink herbal tea. My friend Cas—” Dean scratched his head, grinning over at Castiel. “Professor Goldkeeper. He’s, uh... He’s a big fan of stealing vinyl records outta my room – ‘cause it works for songs, too. He plays an album on repeat, over and over while he’s reading something, and he makes handwritten charts for what subject each album is linked to in his mind. Then he plays the record again, and it all comes back. Just like that. Led Zeppelin’s Greatest Hits gives him the history of Muggle warfare.
“I know,” Sam said. The look on his face made Castiel think that he’d reached similar conclusions. “I… I know. We don’t really have any solid information, right? Dean could just be being secretive.” He looked at Castiel almost desperately, as if he were silently pleading for that to be true.
“We accept you,” Benny said immediately, stopping Castiel from saying anything more.
Dean could only smile and do as he was told.
angel.
one of these. It’s breathtaking,” he said, almost too quiet to hear through the thick glass. “What is its purpose? Can you control how it moves, or is it simply used to convey dominance and aggression? What
“Good boy,” he praises. Dean’s eyelashes flutter, his cheeks pinking. He doesn’t look away, and Castiel smiles even wider as a reward. “Such a good boy, beloved. I’m so proud of you for asking for what you want. I just want to clarify, alright? You want me to mark you, then blindfold you again and make you orgasm?”
Dean grumbled grumpily, but eventually dislodged. The knowledge that he’d see Castiel tonight helped soothe the ache of knowing his husband had to go
His father’s words echoed in his ears.
Ellen was in the middle of trying to force Dean to eat a pie and a ham sandwich at the same time when John appeared. Someone, most likely one of the servants or guards, had told him his eldest son was, in fact alive.
“Is it too challenging to add twenty seconds to your time?” Castiel asked, tone biting.
They had no cookbooks. Dean walked over to the laptop Sam had lent them until they could buy a real one and opened it, pulling up a new tab over all the others about insurance and renting homes. In the search bar, he typed:
Dean stared at him, then took in the drop off the cliff that spread out to his right. Castiel shifted his wings where they lay, neatly folded against his back.
The dragon didn’t look any happier with his apology. If anything, Castiel looked angrier. Underneath all that rage, though, there was faint satisfaction. He had the perfect opportunity to get back at Dean. To scare the living shit out of him. Dean recognized that twisted amusement, and it terrified him almost more than the thought of falling. Castiel could kill him. Right now, wheeling thousands of feet above the ground.
, he’s half my property too! And what the hell do you mean he’s got
Castiel. As if he needed to be told he was beautiful to believe it.
to show up. He’d bet Azazel had it on his calendar too. Employers were required to give their Omega employees two weeks of paid leave while they had their heats. It was a law that had been passed only seven years ago. Originally, it had only been one week, but once a whole bunch of scientific studies had come out claiming that pre-heat nesting was just as important as the actual heat itself, that law had been changed.
Dean resolved to enjoy every moment he had with his friend. He didn’t know how long it would last.
“It’s nine in the morning,” Dean replied quietly, his own voice deeper than usual. He chuckled. “If I get you coffee, will you get up?”
Clyde began to type furiously.
Castiel frowned, remembering their first meet together. Mr. Winchester had been in the stands, talking to Dean, and he hadn’t looked happy. Castiel remembered holding back on yanking Dean away, sensing an angry parent. He knew what that was like. It had been a little surprising to him to realize that Dean might experience the same pressure to be the best.
Castiel’s fingertips stopped tracing his face. Instead, he simply laid his hand gently on Dean’s cheek. It was warm and grounding, a silent reassurance that everything was okay. That ‘as soon as I could’ was soon enough.
“You provoked Ishim! You forced me into a situation where I had to kill him!” Castiel roared. His deep voice echoed off the cave walls. The stone was cold underneath Dean’s back, seeping in through the thin leather armor that had done nothing to shield him from the heat of the dragons’ fire.
Unfortunately, of those three things, Dean was definitely the most important, and he was also the least likely to stay.
It was probably because Dean knew they were working on a semi-professional basis now, but Castiel couldn’t help the warm twist in his chest when he went to pop the lock and found that the window slid up easily. The analysis of that particular sensation could wait until later.
Castiel kissed Dean until he was breathless, mindless, until he was scrabbling uselessly at Castiel’s combat fatigues, searching for a zipper he didn’t remember the location of. Castiel pulled back to admire his husband for a long moment, to take in the wide pupils and the swollen, spit-slick lips.
, absolutely enraptured.
“Aaaa… A story? I can tell you a storrry,” Dean slurred. He gave Castiel a bright grin. “If I do that, willlll you kiss me?”
Feeling slightly guilty for how weird he’d been last night, Dean decided to do just that. A glance at the clock in the kitchen revealed it was only about eight in the morning. Dean could make breakfast and save half of it for Castiel to eat later.
Dean’s heart came to a standstill.
It was getting harder and harder to convince himself that this was okay, that he wanted this. Because in truth, he
“I wonder if we’d still be friends if you were still the kinda guy to throw frogs in the road,” Dean said. “Maybe we’d be enemies.”
They promptly widened in shock.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said quietly. Castiel blinked, realizing that they were only a few inches away now. He took in the pink dusting the merman’s cheekbones, the way the flush highlighted the green of his eyes. Castiel swallowed as he realized that he was still holding the edges of Dean’s sweatshirt hood. He quickly released them, face feeling overheated and numb at the same time. Dean ducked his head a little, the pink on his cheeks shading to red in a matter of seconds.
The next day, Castiel and Dean ventured out before the sun had gotten a chance to get to full intensity. They bought the last two box fans in the store and a weighted blanket, just like Castiel had said. The smug look on his friend’s face was enough to make Dean want to shove him.
can do this,” Dean countered, pulling away. He smiled at Cas, at his beautiful face, at the gleam of excitement and passion in his eyes. “We can do this.”
“Sorry,” Dean muttered. “I talk about weird things when I get nervous.”
This wasn’t going to end well. Castiel didn’t know how upset Dean would be, but he had a feeling his friend had gone to great lengths to make sure his roommate and his soulmate never met. Castiel could kind of see why, now, though there was no way Dean would have anticipated that they would argue about
Sam brought boiling water.
"Dean!"
Actually, he absolutely didn't want to see his little brother kissing Cas for some reason.
"Auch! Of course I know the story. I just might have the actual thing a little confused with-"
"According to Garth, there are literal books focused on them. He said that the witches took great pride in those, seeing as it was hard to distinguish between them."
There was nothing more to say, but he talked, nevertheless, and it came out like a prayer. He didn't pray to Cas in a long time now.
"What?" Dean shrieked, caught of guard. But he would deny that if anyone asked. "Why me? Kiss him yourself, man!"
"On three."
"Impossible my ass."
Plants. Everywhere. There were fucking plants invading the infirmary, so dense that Dean couldn't even see Cas, who laid about ten feet away.
"Tell me we aren't saving the shirt as well," Sam said, already holding a knife to the collar.
Sam let out a disappointed sigh.
Sam let out a huffy laugh, humourless in its nature, but dropped the subject.
"Dean."
The lights went off when Dean pulled the lever, the bunker suddenly becoming a comfortable dark place. Nights were peaceful here, the only monsters hunting him were his own.
Dean didn't even notice when Sam stopped calling on every number that could be useful for witchcraft, but now he was piercing him with razor sharp focus.
"Yeah," said Sam. "Imagine my surprise."
His Castiel.
"I didn't say anything about that."
"Isn't this like non-consensual? I mean, he's unconscious."
Dean closed his eyes, picturing the scene in his head.
There wasn't any arguing with that logic.
How many punches did he take for them?
"I think it was German. Or French."
"Shut the fuck up."
Cas lifted his other hand and cupped Deans face with ineffable affection, expressed by touch alone.
"Really thanks for that info," Dean mutters, his attention completely elsewhere.
"Hand me the tweezers," he said instead, and it was probably better if he was the one doing all that surgery stuff. Dean might've watch Dr. Sexy, but Sam was usually doing most of the sewing and cleaning.
Sam took a deep breath, exasperated. Dean grinned.
"Dean, who killed the witch?"
"We should just cut it off."
He realized he was brushing his thumb along Cas's cheekbone, not knowing where the gentleness came from, and hurriedly made himself stop.
It sounded like a conversation between two mentally ill people. Which they were only partly. Dean tried again.
Sam shot him his trademark bitchface, and it really wasn't the time.
"Help me with the bandages and I'll be."
"No, Dean, you're just all drenched in blood!"
"Where is all that blood coming from?"
"The pitchfork isn't pointy enough for you?" asked Dean, wiping the sweat out of his eyes with a shirt that had more holes than fabric now.
"I think," Sam took a deep breath, considering his words like the wrong ones could kill him, "I think he's sleeping."
The obnoxious trench coat they were all too fond of wasn't getting in the way, so Dean went to unbutton the shirt.
"Sure." Dean snickered next to the rosebush, ten feet away from Cas. He snickered, because they knew the antidote now, because they had a way out. He wasn't making empty promises to Cas.
A touch that didn't hurt was rare in their world.
"Get in the car. We're going."
The worst thing was, that they didn't even need Cas for this particular hunt. They were more than capable of handling it on their own, but Dean couldn't hold back the selfish desire to bring Cas with them. He talked him into it.
"Thanks for the info, Samantha."
Dean considered it. Cas was an angel, which meant he couldn't probably die from dehydration, hunger or heart attack, which was good. But it wasn't going to help them with finding the right antidote.
"Obviously!" Sam continued with a grin. He looked like a maniac, dark circles under his eyes, his clothes ripped apart to shreds. "One of the witches enchanted us with the confusion spell, that was the same one that kept me on the wall."
The table wasn't the best of places for stunts like that.
"Whoa!" exclaimed Sam, few seconds late than was appropriate for a reaction.
There was nothing for Sam to do, other than get into the car.
The flowers were in bloom already, petite white blossoms covering the entire mass.
"We'll figure it out."
"Wings?"
Maybe the curse wasn't entirely Dean's fault this time. It didn't make him any more deserving, it wasn't a significant difference, but maybe it wouldn't have mattered anyway.
"Did it hurt?"
Closing his eyes, maybe because that's what people do, maybe for enjoying the full experience – that would probably be his last – he leaned in and pressed his lips, gently, always so gently, to Cas's. They were even more soft than they looked like.
"And what do you have?"
"Sure," Dean reluctantly said, turning on his heel. He could at least remember in shower where in the library he saw the books about witchcraft.
He dipped whatever it was he held in the slowly cooling water, revealing a green colour under the layer of blood.
And at Sam, who stood with his hands raised in 'I surrender' motion, looking like shit. Dean supposed he didn't look any better. How early was it? Eight in the morning? Jesus.
Of course. It can never be easy.
"Three."
"Enough to pull a pitchfork out from his back."
There was something wrong with leaving him on the floor, and Sam didn't object.
They pushed at the same time, turning Cas face down more carefully than ever. Which was stupid, because he was an angel, not a fragile human like them.
"I hope you know what kind of kiss is strong enough to break curses," he said, amusement clear as day in his voice. He had the balls to throw a smirk behind his shoulder, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the room.
Dean snapped into consciousness like he got under the spell of a djinn, immediately pointing a gun at the door.
He hesitated.
Dean obediently got up from his bed, missing the warmth as soon as he did. He needed a coffee.
"My Grace was put to sleep. Now I get why angels aren't supposed to do that."
"Confusion curse?" tried Dean, picking up the work where he left off. The chatter wasn't going to help Cas.
But it didn't explain most of the other things. Cas couldn't have killed her if he was sleeping, or before he cured the holes in his back. It just didn't make any sense, the witch couldn't be at two places at the same time.
It sounded like a good thing. But Sam's expression was too dim for it to be a good thing.
"Too much? What do you mean 'too much'?"
He couldn't see Cas in the rear-view mirror. Maybe it was a good thing, because seeing him there, without any life could've been all too distracting.
It didn't seem right for them just to destroy it. Even if it was hundred shades away from beige and turned into something resembling a solid rock more than a piece of textile.
"Possibly. I hate those Medieval European bitches," said Sam, following the example. "It would explain why the curse was lifted when she died."
Dean still missed the proximity.
Yeah, they weren't ever lucky like that.
The blue tie went off first, and who knew why Cas was still wearing it around his neck. It was easily the worst part of the FBI suits. But it held kind of an appeal – maybe, just maybe Dean could've used the tie to pull Cas to him, closer, and no.
Dean extended his arm, touching the blossom.
"Yes, Dean," Cas breathed out, like he understood what lied underneath, and maybe he always did.
He stood there, unmoving, thinking about their past, the part of his life he spent with Castiel. They knew each other for five years – a fleeting thought for Cas, who was older than whole humanity – but a significant amount of time for him.
Sam stood awkwardly in the middle of the room.
They stood beside Cas's body, Dean arranging the hands, so they wouldn't get broken on top of all that because of incautious manhandling, Sam finding a leverage at Cas's legs.
"Yeah."
Sam's fingers cupped Cas's face, and Dean felt like a drowning man, like his only purpose served for this moment. He was supposed to be the one saving Cas, not Sammy. If there was anything he knew with certainty, it was this.
He reacted before he knew it, pushing Sam to the side, forcefully.
"Two."
Sam made a beeline for the doors as soon as the business was over, but he hesitated halfway.
"He was very helpful," Sam said, sarcasm leaking into his words like poison. "Supposedly it's impossible to find the right spell without the witch that caused it."
And that was the only answer, together with the sound of tearing fabric, he knew he would get. They didn't even need to soak the scabs with warm water – they already ripped them raw from Cas's wounds while dismantling the coat.
It was ironic. Angel looking more angelic while sleeping, which they didn't do at all.
"Yeah."
It was Cas they were talking about.
Dean looked at Cas's lips, soft and full and pink. How would they feel against his?
"No. It was just..." Cas closed his eyes, like he tried to remember something that wasn't here before, "confusing."
They worked in silence the rest of the rosebush, Dean powered by anger, Sam mostly out of a sense of duty.
"I was lying on the ground," he tried to remember how the things went to shit. "The witch was holding you with her left hand and started to draw some symbols with her right hand in my direction."
They dragged Cas's unconscious form out of the cabin, leaving a bloody trace on the ground behind them.
He looked too much like a corpse, laying on his back, arms positioned on his chest to minimize the danger of him falling on the ground. Dean knew he was going to break more than a few speed limits on his way back to the bunker.
It was Deans job, specifically. He convinced him, he was going to play the nurse, if he had to.
"Dude, it wasn't your fault."
He made a move to get up, not being used to lying on his back, not in his angel form. Their moment was supposed to be broken with the change, but the air remained charged with electricity. Cas sat straight next to Dean, on the edge of the bed. Their shoulders were touching.
"I convinced him to come," he managed to say, because it was the truth.
"Cas," Dean said into the silence, softly, maybe too softly for the hunter, the killer that he was. There was a question embroidered in that name, a question for unthinkable.
"Ehm, pitchfork?" asked Dean intelligently.
At least they didn't have to climb a fucking tower.
And now they had the same messenger of God on the backseat, bleeding and unconscious. It looked like being friends with the Winchesters really had its perks – payed in blood and suffering.
"Yeah, but that was before he got hit with the curse."
"You should wash," said Sam, it looked like he got into his mothering setting.
And okay, that might've explained the uncomfortable itching on Dean's face.
Sam rolled his eyes.
He sat down on the bed beside Cas's body and leaned in to kiss Cas, to really kiss Cas for the first time.
Sam's voice was the only thing filling the silence, but Dean couldn't bring himself to listen. He was sure Sam was going to tell him about anything important if he found out.
"We have to take it out before we try to turn him," said Sam after cataloguing the wounds with clinical approach.
Fixing cars was too damn easier than fixing broken angels.
"Let's turn him?"
Sam washed his hands and they carried Cas into the infirmary, leaving the interactive map under him bloodied and dirty.
"I don't think the stem is important at all," Dean couldn't resist saying.
"Of course I was," Dean rubbed his eyes before his brain caught up with his mouth. "What are we talking about?"
Cas shifted. Maybe to get some reasonable distance between them, personal space has never been his strongest suit. Maybe because he was uncomfortable. But this wasn't the day for distance, not when Dean just got him back.
And that, that was a good question.
He couldn't see Sam's reaction, and frankly, he didn't care at this point of the day. Cas was right here, gorgeous as always, and if the only thing that could break the curse was a kiss? Who was Dean to resist.
Did Cas run to step in front of him? No. No he didn't.
"What?" asked Dean, hiding the gun back under his pillow with a gruff expression.
Dean could feel his knee protest when he took the first steps towards his room, and he heard Sam hiss in pain behind his back. Most of the bruises were on Cas, but they didn't get out of the fight as easily as they should have. Having an angel with healing powers at your side had some perks – the pain was just temporary.
Sam leaned over Cas.
"So, we just make antidotes for every one of these or where's the catch?"
What a stupid question.
"Do you really want to watch me kiss him?"
There were cuts visible on his chest where the shirt was torn, but not deep enough or long enough to cause that much blood.
Three hours ride. Three hours too long.
"I swear he became one with this," exclaimed Dean, unsuccessfully tugging at the back.
Sam continued with his string of almost-useless info.
"I've told him as much."
"Yeah."
"Let's carry him to the car," said Sam, always the voice of reason.
But wasn't the entire purpose of angels to obey? The God, the archangels, whoever decided to be their boss? There was even a time when the heaven followed Cas.
"A stem." Sure, now was Cas growing grass over his body.
"Sometimes the victims die of dehydration, sometimes the breathing isn't slowed down, sometimes they die because their veins clog with blood. But that's about it when it comes to differences."
Dean refused to let go of Cas, holding onto him like it could save them both, drawing him closer into his chest, morbid bridal style, so Sam could reach into his pocket and open the car.
Red, provided by Jimmy Novak. May he rest in peace and all that.
His only job was to get them all safely home, as quickly as possible.
"What is that?"
The doors finally gave in, opening to show the room in its whole beauty.
"His wounds aren't closing," said Sam, and Dean knew that, he didn't need it spelled out. Cas was an angel of the Lord, he healed with just a thought, but the small cut on his face that was supposed to close an eternity ago still shined with bright red. His torso probably looked a hell lot worse.
It was probably a blasphemy to kiss an Angel of the Lord. But Dean had already been to hell, and he would've gone again if it was for the crime of kissing his angel.
"Roses?"
Dean glared at him with the best murderous glare he got in the arsenal.
He made his way to the doors, looking at Cas's sleeping face illuminated by the light of the backup generator, his black hair in contrast to the white bedsheet.
Dean got into the work. The sleep was not something they could cure right away, but the holes in Cas's body were. The first aid kit in bunker was fully equipped.
Sam was enjoying this far too much.
The brightness subsided.
"Cas," they said in unison. It was the only possible explanation. And it was pretty much unlikely.
Garth was right, it wasn't difficult to find a sleeping curse, it was fucking impossible to find the sleeping curse.
The engine started, purring like a cat, and Dean mentally apologised to Baby for what he was going to do to her. If saving Cas meant bringing her to her limits, he would do it gladly and without hesitation.
They both looked at the holes in Cas's back with new understanding. They didn't know how the sleeping curse affected angels. Chances were Cas was the first angel ever hit with this type of curse.
"He wouldn't have come if he didn't want to, Dean," Sam ran his hand through his hair in a nervous manner. "He is an angel; he doesn't just mindlessly obey humans."
Sam threw the bloodied cotton wool into a bowl reserved for trash.
The coat finally unstick with a nasty sound a few minutes later.
"Son of a bitch!"
"Jerk."
"Yeah. I'll try to do some research on it. Maybe the infection caused this?"
Cas's torso was full of shallow cuts, broken glass still sticking out of them.
Dean put hand on his thigh, to keep him in the place, to stop him from running away.
Sam looked way too excited for those dark circles he carried under his eyes.
"Is there any time limit?"
"I don't know. It looks like stem?"
Doing this for Sam, bringing the world to the edge if he needed to, was natural. Sammy was his little brother, he had to protect him for all cost. But Cas wasn't a family by design, by blood. Yet he would do the same for him and more.
"Where was Cas?"
"You're hurt," muttered Cas, their lips a breath apart, his eyes a perfect trap. And of course, the first thing he cared about was Dean, the selfless bastard never noticing that this was about his health in the beginning.
"Let's get this Sleeping Beauty into infirmary," Dean announced, already on his way to open the doors. They never really used the place but now it seemed like time good as any to start. They weren't leaving Cas on the central table like some sort of barbarians.
The rosebush blossomed under their hands, its white petals bigger the closer they got to their goal.
"What, Sammy?" he asked, because what was so important in this moment? Cas got hit by a curse. A curse meant for him. Now he laid motionless on the ground, his eyes peacefully closed.
Their lips connected, for the second time this day, and certainly not for the last time. The crown of thorns turned into ash.
"You know what," he continued on completely different note. "I, I'm just going to go. I guess."
The picture possibly took Dean's breath away, Cas's hair looking soft and silky, tangled in the hems and leaves, leaving him with a halo made of thorns – a thorn crown.
"Okay, I won't say it."
"As in Rowena could recite twelve curses with the same effect on top of her head," said Sam.
"Never do that again."
He decided to change the subject.
He kicked her lifeless body for a good measure, Sam rolling his eyes, because he had a reputation to uphold – but Dean knew he wanted to kick the damn bitch as much as he did.
"Hey, Garth, I was wondering..."
It didn't even occur him to lay him on the ground.
He brushed Cas's face with his thumb, gently, by contrast to his harsh words. He leaned in, their lips almost touching.
They settled into silence; the plan clear to both of them. Dean didn't put on any kind of music, not wanting to miss it if Cas suddenly snapped out of his slumber – however unlikely it might've been. Sam looked content just with staring out of the window.
Dean didn't know if Cas dreamed, if angels even were capable of dreaming, but he hoped he wasn't trapped inside some nightmare. Of all the angels, Cas did horrible things, there was more than enough material for generous nightmare collection – but he hoped Cas dreamed about the world.
"Left pocket."
"No," he said, not looking at Sam's expression. He knew what it looked like, but okay, the coat had a sentimental value for him as well.
They were halfway through the room – the rosebush showed as a mightier enemy one would have awaited. It grew impressively quickly for something that was basically a weed.
Right?
They became less cautious about their own wounds; about the situations they could've persist. The morning was going to be a bitch.
One of the thorns found its way to Dean's fingertip, drawing blood.
"He will," answered Dean, his stare focused on something too far before them. There was not an option for Cas not to survive the fucking ride. He went through too much to die from a blood loss. "Shut your cakehole and try to figure out what curse it was."
"I have an utter desire to go to bed," he said out loud, standing up from his chair with a yawn. "All this reading about sleep makes me kinda sleepy."
They taught Cas well when it came to irony.
Sam was smirking for some reason.
Dean's migraine reduced to zero, the pain in his bad knee vanished, the small cuts did the same.
It turned out that unwrapping Cas out of his trench coat was a lot harder than it looked like.
Cas was special.
"Are we competing for Miss Bunker 2015 or what?"
"Bitch." Was all that Dean could possibly say to that.
They were both so accustomed to Cas using his wings only when it came to longer distances that the few feet sounded almost ridiculous. But there was no better explanation.
His lips were pink.
"Okay," Sam surprised him by saying, "move."
Sam led him right to the library, wait, scratch that, to the infirmary. He struggled to get the doors to open, which was weird – they didn't need any maintenance in the evening. Or rather, in the early morning. Sure, he was tired, but he didn't break the doors on his way out.
"You can say 'No homo' if it makes you feel any better."
"Thank the fucking God," Sam laughed, laughed of all things, with mischievous sparks in his eyes. "I was really afraid for a moment that you'll let me do it."
