I swear I will kill him one day." He drinks from the tap instead and turns the tap off when he hears a noise...
It wasn’t about being alone, if John were alive somewhere. Sherlock dreaded the moment when John dies first and Sherlock stays alone, without any possibility to be even in the same town as John.
"I was looking for the reasons... er, on what I had asked you before, and I came... across... those pictures. And videos." Sherlock looks on the floor and then on John who is imitating Sherlock's former shade of red.
John runs into the kitchen, almost tripping over his own foot, quickly turns the tap and drinks the water with his head in the sink. He coughs and sputters the water and then drinks again thirstily, turns the tap off, and breaths heavily.
is enjoying this morning. This is so weird. He takes out another mug and with an angry clink he places it aside of his own.
to do. But I don't understand what is happening during that... activity. Why bother in the first place."
“Yes. Well. I don’t think I’d like to confess anything of the matter to you, you know? It wasn’t a pleasure to meet you, after all, Victor. Good bye.” John walks out of the lounge, unable to wait for some kind of polite answer. He suspects he would have heard none anyway.
John sighs and turns round again, strolling the streets of London, which get really busy at this time of a day. People are everywhere, hurrying, running, going to work, probably. He stops in the middle of the pavement and looks ahead, feeling suddenly alone.
John leaves the bedroom, not quite sure how he got in his bed again. He can't fall asleep till the dawn.
Surely a flu couldn’t cause anything like that. He looked at his hands, which were paler than normally, but other than that quite fine. No unexpected wrinkles there, no freckles or anything.
"I'm afraid I'm not able to talk about it. It's... really private. But let's say it has something with posh and utterly rich people who get bored so often they need somebody else to entertain them."
Memories of another fever, but far more pleasant one – John touching him, kissing him, loving him...
John strides through London streets, lost in thought yet perceptive to his surroundings, until he finds himself back at home, the door to the street banged shut behind him. He tries to calm down but really, this bloody Victor has just rubbed him up the very wrong way indeed.
“Elaborate, then,” he sighs. John wants to scream. The fantasy about Sherlock sucking John's cock changed to Sherlock fingering John's arse.
, for God's sake! Wherever it comes from? (well, apparently from Sherlock's mouth, to be precise...)
"It's nothing. It's just... It's nothing." He smiles and starts to turn once more, but Sherlock takes his hand and John flinches, "Sherlock, what the hell –"
„You had a flu. It was quite severe and... You...“ John opened his eyes, blinking the tears away. He ought to repete that fact over and over again, and it was supposed to help him, but it didn’t. He was blaming himself for not being a better doctor to the one person who needed it the most.
"Honestly, John, are you even awake?" He ruffles his hair and groans. "Really simple question, do I have to write it down in hieroglyphics or maybe in pictures to get a simple answer?"
Someone bumps in his left shoulder and he hisses, frowning and glancing at the guy who causes this –
“This will probably sound quite weird, but...” He barks a laugh and looks away, then smiles and leans forward. “I know you live with Sherlock Holmes. Actually, I know
What the hell do parents do about it? What do they tell? He really can't remember how it went when he had found out, it was so many years ago!
"I was just going for a cuppa somewhere, do you want to join me? We could chat for a while," John offers, pointing with his thumb over his shoulder, where is a coffee lounge.
John sighed, looked at the mantel and smiled ruefully. His face was full of wrinkles – on his forehead and between his eyebrows, around his mouth. He was old.
„John? I found this in my kitchen and I am not sure if it was you, who had borrowed it to me, or Sherlock and so I didn’t want to... You know. Put it in the bin before I ask you -“
There are thousands of people who don't really care whether he likes his tea milky or sweet (just pure black, thank you), if he likes listening to pop or classical (he really doesn't mind, it depends on his actual mood – but Sherlock's playing is wonderful at most of the times), if he prefers women or men...
John laughs shortly and pinches his ear. With a low "ouch" he shakes his head and leans forward, resting his elbows on knees and rubbing palms over his face shortly. Sherlock narrows his eyes, looking slightly uncertain of what that gesture meant. John notices.
John actually chuckles. He rubs his neck, pausing momentarily and turning around, watching the nice looking young lady go away. He thinks he should be far beyond the doubts, concerning his sexuality, and yet... He's just so angry at Sherlock!
He blinked several times and tried to sit up, but failed. He sighed, rolled on his side and looked at the floor. A brown stain. Tea, probably. Yes, there’s a cup, its bottom up.
"Ah! Sure. You want to know if I... was successful, right? Well. I could say so, I presume." Sherlock smirks and blushes.
It was a bit familiar, those thoughts, but he couldn’t think clearly, his head was a mess, all his joints were aching and he was sweating like a pig.
And he sees Sherlock, eyes shut, mouth tight, his body trembling. His hand is moving furiously over his cock and after several seconds he gasps, mouth slack and head falling back, grunting deeply and he’s finally coming, spraying John’s thigh with his cum.
John takes off his trousers, standing in the middle of steaming bathroom only in his pants. Sherlock minutely stares at his crotch. Those deep red pants leave nothing to imagination, really. John smiles crookedly, in for a penny... And takes the pants off as well. Sherlock makes a small sound.
"I think I can imagine several jobs of that description..." John says hesitantly and sips his ridiculously sweet coffee.
John turns round without a single word, gets in the tub and aims the spray head on his face, washing it for a minute, then bends a little, leans his hand against the wall and lets the water run over his back. He turns his head to the side, looking at Sherlock, who’s just standing couple of feet from him, roaming with his grey eyes turned black over John’s body until he looks up to John’s face.
John makes a step back, mouth open wide, forgetting immediately what he was trying to say. He giggles nervously and licks his lips. “Right. Like hell I’ll let you. Get out.” John tries to lean on the door to shut it at last but Sherlock promptly gets in and props against the near wall instead.
John suppresses another laughter, Sherlock could get angry unbelievably quickly and it seems it could happen any moment.
Sherlock straightens his hand, fingertips touching only the air. John leaves the flat, stomping down the stairs and bangs the front door shut.
He almost choked himself with dry crumbs of his morning toast and isn't quite sure if he shouldn't have left it that way. He thinks he is far too old for the bees and butterflies speech and if he was dead he would have definitely avoided that sort of conversation with Sherlock of all people.
John closes his eyes briefly and reminds himself that this is Sherlock, not a normal guy in any possible way.
He has had rather a lot of experiences with the latter, nor the former. But both in the same time? Sherlock lifts his duvet, tangled round his body, and glances down
“Like that?” Sherlock asks uncertainly and John huffs then remembers this is their first time in so many ways.
John felt cold again. Eventually he had got used to those odd moments when the whole flat became weird, all those creaks and whispering. This flat was just old, that was all.
Warning #2: This *cough* story ended in such a different way... I reeeeally don't know how this happened. Rating changed to Explicit, for I'm not sure if this actually is E or M any more.
Victor leans back to his armrest, smiling in a way that probably should seem coy for most people. John realizes he sees through him – this isn’t about coyness, this smile is alike of a feline, too many teeth, whisking tail and all that.
, Sherlock thought idly and paused. Echoes of memories were nagging in his head, but it really hurt to think, so he dismissed it as something his tired brain had produced.
He has several nightmares, and once he has to get up and run to the bathroom, retching violently in the sink.
Sherlock fell asleep right there on the floor, shivering, but so very, very tired he barely noticed.
The translucent figure sat down on the chair, and Sherlock had to go round to see it again. He stood several feets from the odd figure and utterly forgot about his ilness for a while.
„Twenty three years. And yet I have a feeling he’s here, with me.“ John waited for the pitiful look, but she just smiled at him and nodded.
„Right here, next to Aurelia.“ The whisper again, quite sad. It sounded like John’s voice, but Sherlock couldn’t quite believe what he’d heard.
"I don't understand the mechanics nor the reasons, and even though I find it really amusing that you are not able to give me an answer immediately and without difficulties, while
“Very well.” He grins and strides to his bedroom. John gazes dreamingly in front of himself for a minute.
He groaned and slowly got up, trying not to fall again on the floor. Right, that’s it, just rolled to your
They eat their breakfast silently and shall we say, a bit awkwardly. Then, just out of the blue, Sherlock clears his throat.
But once the baby was no longer in the picture, he couldn’t help feeling more relieved than he should have. He no longer had a child tying him to Mary indefinitely. The guilt of feeling relieved at this ate away at him every night. This was his baby, he told himself. He should be heartbroken over this.
As the door closed behind her, silence once again settled over the flat. Ever so slowly, John turned his head back towards Sherlock’s. The moment their eyes met, they burst into shared laughter and looked away again.
“Those trees jump out in front of ya, do they?” They chuckled together. “Did you touch the car at all?”
"I think two hours," Sherlock corrected. "Lovely chat, much too dangerous while I’m driving, what with everything on the wrong side of the road and all of the moose wandering about—" he hung up mid-sentence to emphasize his point.
“Can you bend your ankle at all? Point your toes?” Sherlock shook his head, though he clearly tried to move, inhaling sharply through his teeth. “How did you manage to get out here? And might I ask what you were doing?”
“Mmm,” she said, thankfully concentrating too much on her stitching to continue the odious chatting. “Don’t watch if this is making you queasy,” she said, and before he knew it, she was tying off the last stitch.
“Let’s go! Some bastard is fucking my wife!” the commander yelled. And just like that, they were gone.
Did I really start this little story nine months ago?  I am currently holed up in a writer's studio with owls hooting outside...so, a fantastic time and place to write and finish this up. Thanks for all the comments.
“Weird name like that? No, I’d notice.” He clutched the bandage on his head just as it threatened to slip down and cover his eye.
, it wouldn’t be the last, either. True, he was far from the Colombian jungle, but he may as well have been back there…
“Overdressed, I’d say. I’m just going to inject a little anesthetic,” she said, turning to draw up a solution from a vial. “It’s not bleeding too badly, but you’ll need stitches.” Sherlock braced himself for the injection, but quickly relaxed as the sting disappeared. “And it’s deep.” She looked up into Sherlock’s face. “Two choices. Either you keep this knee dry and immobilized, and I use surgical glue, or you don’t and I stitch.”
“Bastard. Tell whoever called that I can deal with it at lunchtime, I’ll make an extra trip. Over and out,” he added as an afterthought. He was nearing the work site, a network of cable strung overhead to get the logs out without damaging the immature trees. He pulled off the forest road and parked, letting the scent of newly-sawn pine envelop him in its familiarity.
“Would have been, if not for my lost case.” Sherlock winced when John let go of his neatly-wrapped ankle.
“It was Afghanistan, actually, though I have no idea how you would know that.” He looked up into the stranger’s face, startled by the piercing gaze that met his own.
“There!” Sherlock pointed, dropping one hand to grab the collar of an exuberant Gladstone, who was climbing over him. “It’s in that stand of
“You can come back here and document whatever you want when you’re not bleeding on me.” John said. “It will still be blooming if you come back tomorrow.” He continued down the hillside. “Though this isn’t exactly good for my business.”
“I’M HERE!” The voice had an accent to it, something British, maybe? He rounded a large beech a moment later and looked down. A man was sprawled on the ground in the loam, his tailored shirt hanging open, muddied trousers tied at the knee with what looked like a bit of silk cloth stained with blood, and wearing leather shoes. The man was conscious and breathing, though his respiration rate was fast at first glance, and he was worryingly pale. John dropped his kit to the ground and opened it swiftly.
“What? No idea. Named him after the town in Manitoba where I found him. Fought a fire out there in 2012.” He picked up the radio and flicked it on. “Harry, I’ve got a lost botanist with me? Over.”
“That and Harry is my brother, not my sister,” John said, and smiled. Sherlock appeared to take this into consideration, clearly wondering how he had got it wrong. “No, no! Just kidding. Though it’s fine, by the way.”
“Someone’s up there,” Tommy agreed. “IS SOMEONE THERE?” he called, waiting. John heard a chainsaw fire up again and whistled sharply through his teeth, waving at the nearby sawyer to stop. “IS ANYONE THERE?” Tommy tried again in the silence.
“Sorry?” John shook his head. “Sir, can you tell me your name? I’m here to help you.” John rolled up the sleeves of his plaid coat and pulled on a nitrile glove.
“One last thing,” Dr Lestrade said, over the din of conversation and chairs moving away from desks. He waited for a pause. “Please keep Doctor Irene Adler in your thoughts. I’m sure you all remember her from her post-doctoral work here. I’m afraid I’ve got word from a colleague at McGill that she’s gone missing while out in the field.” A murmur rose from the faculty.
Now Murray was out, too, and inviting him to come and fight wildfires. There was a physical, Murray said, and a single training course, plus you needed first aid training. Murray had laughed, knowing that as an Army medic he was obviously overqualified. The rest, you could learn on the job. That was it. The rest would be perfect for John. Out in the woods, digging trenches, the risk, the rush, the heat. He couldn’t wait to begin.
it’s fine,” Sherlock mumbled, and then he shouted, “STOP!” John braked carefully, not wanting to slide into the ditch.
He could have gone on this way for years, following the fires, if it hadn’t been for another fateful call, this time from Harry. He was filthy from smoke, his leather boots partially melted from heat this time, barely able to hear his sister over the crackling radio. Their father, who hadn’t spoken to either of them in years, had died and left them the family business. There were contracts to keep and they were the only ones who could do it.
John had gotten back together with Mary at the suggestion of Mycroft. He had to keep his baby safe as well as Sherlock. There was no guaranteeing she wouldn’t try to kill him again if he left her.
They all turned to him as he looked back into the cabinets. "Mrs. Hudson, you lost one glass from the spill, but you still have plenty more." He nearly leapt across the kitchen in one over enthusiastic stride. Yanking the fridge open, he said "But the last of your milk was spilled. You needed some more."
“Oh come on, Sherlock. You really think that if I wanted to slip around unnoticed, I wouldn’t be able to? I’ve been leaving clues for you because I wanted so badly to meet you again. To finish what we started. And you came straight to me like a mouse to a trap.”
John looked him over curiously. Even with those puppy eyes, that confused brow, and that raised chin, he somehow still managed to look like a stuck up prat. His head spun as a rush of affection for this adorably clueless man washed over him.
In the later afternoon, Sherlock returned to his duties as captain, and Molly returned to her shift with John, who braced himself for her merciless teasing.
He, Sherlock, and Mary were sitting in the living room discussing their latest case. Mary insisted on being included in their work more often, much to John’s annoyance   Their conversations were short and choppy. Mary was throwing off their dynamic and they all knew it.
“It’s alright, Mrs. Hudson. We’re sorry about all of this.” The three of them stood waiting outside the flat as the fire department finished making sure everything was on the up and up. After five minutes, they ensured them it was safe to go back inside and left.
He began to lean down as if being drawn to a magnet. His eyes flickered between Sherlock’s plush lips and watering eyes. When Sherlock made no move to stop him, he stroked his thumb once over his cheekbone. His mouth now hovered about three inches from him, staying back just far enough to deny his intentions if needed.
This seemed to satisfy her, and the gleeful twinkle returned to her eyes. “Alright. Go run after him like a good little puppy, then,” she teased with a cheeky smile. “Come give me a kiss before you go.” John was astounded that she was asking him to waste time with this. This wasn’t some trip to the grocery store. He didn’t have all the time in the world.
In front of them, Sherlock and Victor faced each other. Victor smiled at him, for a good moment, and then cocked his arm back and punched Sherlock in the nose, knocking him to the ground.
John held his glass to his lips and took a moment to admire him, something he hadn’t had the chance to do since he returned. He had aged, yes, but underneath was still the same man that giggled with him on the stairwell. The one who played the violin for him when he had a nightmare, and sat through Bond nights just to make him happy. His heart swelled with affection just looking at him, something that never happened with Mary. Not even at their best.
“He wasn’t always like that, you know.” John realized Molly was watching him stare at Sherlock while they worked, which he admittedly did quite a lot.
Judging by the sky, it was around 6 or 7 in the morning when Sherlock packed up his needle and set off for home. People would be waking up right now, heading to work, starting their day. But he was exhausted. He’d spent most of yesterday trekking around St. Asaph, then he’d travelled home, allowed John to treat his injuries, and moved back into his alley. So it had been nearly 24 hours since he’d slept. And John was probably in the same boat.
In the end she had to be content with Sherlock being sent on a suicide mission. Even though he didn’t die by her hands, she won. John was hers.
John called quietly into the darkness as he walked over. Sherlock hardly looked up at him. He seemed upset – really upset. John eyed the glass of whiskey in his hand curiously. Sherlock usually didn’t drink his problems away. That wasn’t his style.
He prepared himself to march up to the bow and give Victor a good piece of his mind, but stopped when he saw Jackson and Bolt off the to edge, staring him down, almost challenging him to go stop Victor. John thought back though the whole day. The two thugs had seemed to be watching him like a brooding vulture waiting to dive in for its meal the whole day. They even seemed to be, who knows, waiting for something. Waiting for something from Victor, no doubt. The thought turned John's stomach. He didn't know what they were up to, but he wanted no part of it.
Sherlock nodded curtly at his refusal. Without another word, he wrapped his scarf around his neck and left with his head down.
"I know." Sherlock breathed out a slight sigh of relief. It was nearly silent, but John heard and felt another wave of guilt for his cruel rejection. Although he knew he owed the man an apology for his little outburst, the words stuck in his throat.
“Think of it this way. I’m a key player here. You’re a tag along. And I don’t think Evans would appreciate the fact that you’ve been spying on and harassing his most important connection.”
They simultaneously turned their heads on the pavement, both immensely grateful for the other’s presence. In complete seriousness, Sherlock added, “Except maybe your phone. We’ll probably need that.”
The water was up to John’ s neck. He raised his chin up in attempt to keep his mouth and nose above the surface for as long as possible.
John’s blood ran cold in his veins as images of Sherlock in the ambulance flashed before his eyes. The dark pool of blood staining the front of his shirt. The beeping of the heart monitor steadily slowing to a flat line. Sherlock’s eyes rolling in the back of his head. His lips and face paling to a ghostly white.
Several long moments passed. John’s breathing quickened as emotion filled him: love, anger, betrayal, love, relief, love, grief, rage, love.
John simply remained silent, breathing heavily and hating that she was right.  The two of them could easily turn their lives upside down. They had both done it before separately. Together, they would be unlike anything they’d ever imagined or faced.
Sherlock’s heart tugged at the warmth and affection radiating off his friend. He guided him to his old chair and sat him down. “I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else,” he said before settling into his own.
Sherlock drummed his fingers on his armchair. He didn’t know what to say, as he had yet to figure that out himself. But John, bless him, spoke up again in attempt to help.
He thrust the bottle into Sherlock’s free hand. Before he knew it, an entire cool, slick finger had slid into him. He cried out and they both stilled, giving him time to adjust. After a moment, Sherlock added another and began scissoring his fingers in and out.
I’m taking a brief break from this series to work on an teenlock AU I’ve been outlining for a while. But fear not, I’m definitely coming back to this.
Sherlock loved his scar because without it, they never would have met. His wound was what first brought them together. And for that, Sherlock found it beautiful.
In the afternoon, John noticed they were approaching a small ship in the distance. The crew seemed to be buzzing with more energy today than usual. “Molly, what’s going on? Why are we sailing towards that ship?”
Be ready at 7? What was this, a bloody date? John shook his head and sighed. If he was going to be forced to go on a case with Sherlock, why couldn’t it be a nice, simple murder off in a filthy garage somewhere.
Sorry this update took so long. I thought with school being done, I'd have more time to whip these chapters out every week or so, but turns out the summer is just as crazy busy!!
But it seemed that to him, it had always just been about the case and the convenience, if he really wanted John to move upstairs this time.
It seemed to just be a normal, empty room, he thought, shining his light around the wilting walls and broken beams. Not too unlike the rest of the cellar.
John sighed impatiently. “Sherlock. I was trying to be romantic. You know, the fire, our living room, just us alone . . .”
John sat with his arm comfortingly on the back of her chair. As Sherlock explained what they found in the mansion, her sobs quickly transformed into tears of relief. Her childhood trauma was resolved, and she wasn’t crazy as everyone had believed.
“I allowed myself to open up to you. I let you in . . . never in my life have I made a worse mistake.”
He opened his mouth, but Sherlock cut him off. "It's okay, John. You don't need to speak." Sherlock didn't want to be comforted right now. He was hurting and did not wish to discuss this any further. But he wasn't pushing John away either, who was still pressed to his forehead and holding both his hands, which meant he craved company and security.
“Yeah, yeah. Alright,” he interrupted, rolling his eyes. Greg and Molly broke out into a shared laughter once more, and he scowled to keep himself from joining in. He scanned the deck and found Sherlock, standing with his hands behind his back and staring fondly back at him. He seemed to be suppressing laughter as well, revealing that he most likely overheard their conversation.
“Oh, what’s this?” He looked between him and Sherlock. “You got yourself a pet, did you? I should get myself one. Been meaning too. Maybe I’ll just have to share yours,” he said looking John up and down.
“Sherlock, listen to me. You are a man with a brilliant mind as well as a brilliant heart. Most people don’t see that but I know you. And I know it’s there. I’ve seen it, and I can say for certain that it’s the most beautiful part of you, hands down.”
“Shh, I know.” He pulled Sherlock back against him, this time with his cheek tucked warmly against his jumper. “It’s okay to be afraid.”
Sherlock stated at him a moment as if trying to figure him out. Shaking his head once at the unexpected retort, he continued, “Enough of this. Tell me. What do you know of the whereabouts of pirate lord Jim Moriarty?”
His thrusts grew faster and faster. John’s mouth slackened in pleasure as his prostate was hit with perfect accuracy each time. Sherlock groaned and kept his face buried in his neck, biting and sucking. He increased his pace even more, their combined grunts growing needier with each thrust.
Sherlock ignored her and rummaged through her files, adding to the increasing pile of loose papers on the floor and table.
“Please don’t tell me I have to manage any traumatic amputations.” Sarah looked into the truck and down at Sherlock’s bandaged knee. “Not again.”
“I’ve had about as much luck as the Mounties, I suppose,” he said, and shrugged with a sigh. “I do appreciate your help, but I’d best be off,” he told her.
Sherlock struggled to his feet and found Antonio, who lay on his back on the ground next to the Rover.
There were many wildflowers in bloom, and Sherlock had stopped more than once to admire the delicate green inflorescences of the wintergreen
“Fantastic!” John said, surprised at the dark whorl of leaves near his feet. “I take it back, that is...amazing.”
, as if they would dine together despite the whole of the Atlantic and everything else between them. She’d been at Kew for a year, cataloguing Araliaceae species and digging through archives for some reason or another. Irrelevant to his work. He’d deleted it from his memory.
Sherlock leaned back in his desk chair, steepling his hands beneath his chin in thought. The climate control system of the herbarium hummed in the background, a white noise that served to focus his concentration on the problem at hand.
Irene's disappearance was problematic. Their relationship, such as it was, had ended abruptly after he had made the mistake of mentioning the real subject of his research to her one night. They had stood in the cold London air, leaning against the brick to share a cigarette, Sherlock's cocaine high ebbing while the music throbbed behind them.
“Mounties.” John’s worry was written across his features. “Sarah, can you talk to them? Just…we need a minute.”
“They’re gone, Nino. Do you think you can sit up?” Sherlock brought him water from the truck and they sat together in the dark, swatting mosquitoes and passing the water bottle back and forth.
“Er…English,” he said carefully. He didn’t want to risk putting her off too badly, at least until she was done stitching. “My…my parents wanted an unconventional name.”
“Not if it could help find her, I’m sure,” Janine said, nodding, and retrieved keys from her desk. “I’ll show you in.” She led Sherlock down the hall, who was quickly calculating how much would be a reasonable amount of time to look like he was helping. “The Mounties tried not to make too much of a mess,” Janine was saying as she unlocked it. “These dear Canadians, trying to be polite even while they turn a place upside-down.”
“I’m going to bleed on you,” Sherlock warned him, and swept a hand haughtily through his sweaty brown curls. “I know what a fireman’s carry is.”
Sherlock found himself suddenly looking at the ground as John slung him across his shoulders, holding Sherlock’s leg and arm together in front of him. They were swiftly moving down the hillside, and Sherlock was afforded a fantastic view of the passing understory vegetation.
“Is there such a thing?” she asked. John helped Sherlock onto the table and he lay back, looking up at the dingy ceiling tiles. Sarah snapped on gloves and started cutting away blood-soaked bandages. “How’d you hurt yourself?” she asked him.
“You don’t want me doing that, trust me.” He held up his left hand to show Sherlock the slight tremor, but his hand was still. “Hm. It uh, shakes. Sometimes.” He held out his arm to Sherlock. “I assume you want to ride up front. Gladstone will share.” Sherlock carefully slid off the tailgate and experimentally stood on his good ankle, wincing at how his injured knee suddenly protested. John stepped to support him, slinging Sherlock’s arm over his shoulder.
“No, no,” he heard Antonio beg, and then something smacked against the side of his head. Probably the butt of an assault rifle. Dazed, Sherlock pushed himself up onto his hands and knees, only to be met by a swift kick to the ribs.
Smokejumping. He set the phone down and stared out the window of his cabin into the dark forest beyond. Bill Murray must be nuts to think he could do it. Murray was the one who had dragged him out of the line of fire over in Panjwaii, he knew about the hole the sniper’s bullet had punched through his shoulder, had heard all about the injuries once John was conscious and recovering, first at Landstuhl in Germany and then at Petawawa back home.
“They know. Mounties are involved.” John was on the edge of the road, tying the neon flagging to an overhanging branch, his shirt lifting to reveal a glimpse of his taut stomach.
John wiped his brow, securing one of the chains on the log truck, and looked up towards the woods. Archie, the crew’s tree planter, and Tommy, the swamper, looked up, too.
“Don’t worry,” John said. “I’ll call it in myself, then. Weird that I didn’t see it at first. Must not have had my eyes on.” He flashed a grin at Sherlock, who was suddenly even more sure he was sunburned.
“You got knocked in the head. I’ll stay awake tonight and keep an eye on you. We walk back to town in the morning. Get a mechanic.”
“Not so loud. I’m sure they want to ask you about Irene’s car,” Sherlock whispered. “You called them, and they know you are here because your truck is in front. That’s it.”
“Dimmock, is it?” John asked, reading his badge. “Just a graze, nothing serious. Bled a lot. How can I help you?" He reached out and shook the officer’s hand.
“The name is Sherlock Holmes. The address is 221B Baker Street. John, as you are armed and I am not, I will gladly tell you anything else you'd care to know."
Sherlock Holmes looked up from his mobile, his attention returning to the room. Adler. The woman was always texting him from Canada. Must be costing her a fortune. He never bothered to reply of course, it was always something inane about
.” Sherlock said, and glanced at him. “Shouldn’t you be going home to your wife?” he asked, looking at the gun before looking up into the soldier’s face. “She’s fucking your neighbor. If you go home now, you’ll catch them in the act.”
“Sure thing, John.” They crashed along through the undergrowth towards the voice, John in the lead now, Tommy calling out at intervals. John could see a flash of white through the woods and knew they were close.
He was badly in need of the refresher, the plant families of Amazonía still in the forefront of his memory, arranged in the sitting room of his Mind Palace. He hadn't had much need for the rather more pedestrian families of North America and northern Europe since he was a boy, plucking flowers from hedgerows with his gran and tucking them into a plant press.
“No logger would know a spotted wintergreen from the Latin alone,” Sherlock agreed, and went back to looking out the window.
His right arm was fine, in fact better than fine, and his left was, amazingly, able to keep up. He swung a pulaski as well as the rest of the crew, digging lines. In short order, he felt strong again, solid. He grew a beard. The shaking was mostly better, and he only noticed it once the fire was out, the actual firefighting giving him enough adrenaline and distraction from the noise and darkness in his head. He wasn’t useless, wasn’t broken when he was on a ridgeline, felling trees with a chainsaw to save a village or a house or a stand of old-growth forest.
“John!” Stifling an eye roll, John turned and trudged uphill a few steps, Sherlock’s loose arm slapping against his thigh.
Straightening his legs in front of him, he surveyed the damage. The left knee of his trousers was torn and he could see he was bleeding, a dark stain spreading as he watched. He growled in annoyance and pulled a handkerchief from his pocket, folding it in half and tying it around the bleeding wound. One ankle was fine, but the other was protesting loudly and wouldn’t obey his command when he tried to point his toes.
“Get the tailgate, would you, Tommy?” John lowered Sherlock onto the truck bed with a slight thud. “Sorry. Your field assistant can probably go back to planting,” he added. Archie handed Sherlock his pack and picked up his dibble bar, shoulders slumping. John checked the bandaging on Sherlock’s knee and saw it had soaked through already. He pulled out his kit and added more gauze, trying to stanch it. “Yep, stitches. Back into town for us. Tommy,” he called, “you can take over until five. Let the crew know I’ll see you tomorrow.”
A quick scan of the directory in the front entrance led him to the Plant Sciences Department, where the front desk was staffed by a young woman with long, wavy brown hair, who glanced up at him as he approached.
He flipped down the driver’s side visor, running his hands through his hair for a moment to be sure he didn’t look too suspiciously dishevelled, though on an academic campus he doubted anyone would mind. The airline had lost his
“Good morning,” he began, “I wonder if you can help me. I’m looking for a friend of mine.” He forced a smile, trying to imagine it reaching his eyes.
“Your uniform…still stiff from soap…she’s not washing your clothes well.” He coughed. “Either she is terrible at laundry or she is taking care of someone else.” Sherlock gulped in air, bracing for another blow. He looked up after a moment, only to see the commander laughing silently.
, an otherworldly pink stick of a plant, a saprophyte that lacked chlorophyll. He forded small streams, his feet sliding off the slick rocks and leaving him with soaked socks.
He bumped down the road, blaring the Beatles and singing along, Gladstone propped against his side. His radio crackled on the dash and he picked up.
“Hello, officer,” John said, stepping into the waiting room. “Dr. Sawyer here was just patching me up."
. He had removed his dress shirt when rolling up the sleeves proved not to be enough in the heat, and he knew the mosquitoes had found him. They were, thankfully, not carrying malaria like they did in Colombia, but he already had welts on his arms and was starting to feel uncomfortably itchy.
A crash echoed in the woods and he lifted his head in surprise. He’d been hearing saws and machinery from far off earlier, and it seemed that the bend in the trail he had just rounded brought him closer to the source. Why hadn’t he been hearing anything before then? He glanced back at the sun overhead and realized they must have stopped for lunch. The sawing continued in earnest and he lay on the hillside, listening for a pause.
“You don’t know the half of it.” He glanced at Sherlock, who was contentedly rubbing the bulldog’s ears. “Hey. You never answered me. How on earth did you know that about me? About Afghanistan. I was a medic, by the way.”
“I did want to be clear on one thing, though. I’m a forester. Trained before I went off to the Army. I run a logging business, but we’re clearing out trees to reduce the fire risk out here.”
“I’m…” Sherlock decided to tell the truth, or something close to it. “I’m looking for a…friend. Her name is Irene. Dr. Irene Adler. She disappeared, and that,” he pointed, “is her car.”
Sherlock put his head back and looked up at the sky. No one knew he was here. His phone was useless. Irene certainly wasn’t here, how could she be? Nothing was here. He would have to drag himself back to the car. He started to hope a bear would find and devour him, if only to save him from the tediously arduous effort ahead.
That was the last he'd seen of her. And the last he'd seen of his field notes, the only real proof of his discovery, aside from the unverifiable research on his laptop.
“I’m Janine,” she said with another flash of a smile. “Just Janine. Umm,” she paused nervously. “So, you haven’t heard the news, then?”
“Wouldn’t be the first time,” John said lightly, as he hoisted Sherlock up by lifting under his arms.
“The name is Sherlock Holmes,” he said, and held out his hand. “I’m afraid I’ve sprained my ankle rather badly.” John shook his hand and then slid to his wrist, taking his pulse. His heart rate was elevated.
“Morning.” John didn’t want to guess whether she was hungover or not. “Call came in from town, half a tree’s down on High Street and needs cleared, over.”
“John,” Sherlock interjected, “I don’t know if the Mounties will take kindly to my involvement in this.” John cocked his head thoughtfully.
“Not really dressed for a hike, eh?” Tommy chimed in, and John shot him a look. He was wrapping Sherlock’s swollen ankle in an elastic bandage.
Tristram doesn't know what to say to that. Of course he knows that someone else was behind all the big things - him getting shot, and the body parts, and Moran, and possibly Aunt Claire, and maybe even as far back as Emily's mother's murder. But he also made mistakes, like talking to Mister Tonga (and going out of Grandmother's house in the first place) and eating that pie. He made extra work and trouble for both Father and John with his panic attacks. And he
"Hi, Ems," Doctor Watson says, cradling the back of her head with one hand. "Did you have a good time?"
"He was nice!" Tristram says defensively, even though he knows it won't help much. "He told me he was there to protect us."
"One of each then," John said gamely, peeling away the plastic wrap so he could cut a generous slice of the fruitcake while Mrs Holmes took out some Tupperware.
John lets go of the towel so he can move, and it falls open. Sherlock takes an appreciative look. John lets him.
"No, Sherlock. No," he repeats, his tone sharp and unyielding. "Not like that. We've been through too much for you to start with that shite. Tell me honestly. I want to stay here," he says steadily. "With you. To sleep in the same bed as you. To be here for you, however you want me and need me to. I could stay up and watch your inboxes while you kip-" John waves his hand in the direction of the bed. "But that's what I want. If you'd rather be alone, that's fine. I understand and I don't have a problem with it. I can spend the night in the living room with Emily. She certainly won't complain about it," he adds, as if that's a vast understatement. "But you need to tell me what you want. What I can do for you."
"I believe it's time to start on your homework," he says sternly, but one side of his mouth is quirked up.
We have continued to explore our mutual interest, with the Inferno Club and its members playing a not insignificant role as inspiration and reference, which is why I have agreed to pen this account. It is my hope that through it, more seekers and questioners will find the courage to rattle their own cage and open their eyes, hearts and minds to themselves and others.
Either way, the notorious diary was sufficient in the end to convince Violet de Merville to abandon her suitor. Baron Gruner's book was truly a malleus maleficarum. He kept a meticulous journal of all the tortures he had enacted on hapless omegas across the globe. I had but a brief glimpse of the compendium before Sir James arrived to retrieve the evidence and bring it to the Baron's fiancée, yet I am still haunted by the piteous men and women who adorned its pages. Their faces were contorted in pain, fear, and despair, whilst their bodies were subjected to the most horrific and sickening acts. In more than one image, the Baron's initials were visible carved, burnt, or etched into his victims' skin. I did not doubt that Kitty Winter bore similar marks somewhere on her maltreated body, unless they had been obliterated by the vehemence with which he had repeatedly enacted his treatments on her.
After that, the three of them go to the reception room, where the piano is. Uncle Mycroft sits to the side and allows Emily and Tristram to plunk around on it for a while.
"You should get out," Sherlock said flatly. "Walk away. You don't need to get dragged down with me."
"I'll do that," John tells her. It's not an offer. It's a statement of fact, and Tristram is surprised to find how enormously relieved he is to hear that John doesn't want to leave him behind after all. However, it seems he really has missed the salient fact:
They are the last ones off the plane, which means they don't have to wait very long at the baggage claim carousel. Once they all have their suitcases - this time, Tristram does have to pull his himself - they head for the exit.
John shakes his head. "He fell against me. I don't even know what happened, why he moved. He would have been safe if he'd stayed against the wall like I told him to."
"Be careful, Irene," she says, the same way Mrs Hudson does when Father dashes off chasing a lead. Fretful, but like she's said it about a hundred times before and despairs of him ever minding her.
They walked through three more carriages to the snack bar, where Irene told the lady behind the counter that if a man came asking after them, she should say they'd been in and already gone back to their seats. Instead of actually going back, though, Irene led Tristram onward to the first class carriage and found them two seats. As soon as she sat down, she took out her phone and sent a text.
But if people who love each other want to live together (with or without getting married) and spend time together and protect each other and do what they think is best for each other and make each other happy ... Tristram starts to get a bit dizzy with the implications. Father does all of those things for Tristram, or tries to, at least. Even the part about wanting to live together - which someone else might say is simply the result of circumstances rather than a conscious decision or desire on Father's part, whereas in actual fact, Tristram lives with Father because Father
Maybe Doctor Watson has just figured this out, and is trying to explain it to Tristram. Tristram knows it already, though, and it doesn't bother him. He knows it's the biggest reason why some of the police officers his father works with don't like him very much, but Tristram can see Father's point: as long as he gets the results and solves the cases for them, it doesn't matter one way or the other how he feels about it.
There also wasn't any question or discussion of sleeping arrangements as they undressed to their underwear and dropped into Sherlock's bed together. Sherlock on the left side, John on the right. There was still some wrangling with the blanket, but this time there was no care given to maintaining a polite distance, no imaginary barrier between them. John settled on his back, Sherlock on his side facing him. Sherlock's hand found its way to John's shoulder, his knee bumped up against John's leg, and John's hand rested comfortably on Sherlock's bare thigh. That was it. Nothing sexual. Just being there for each other, with each other. Knowing that the one would protect the other, and that when they woke up, they would still be together. Like otters holding hands as they drifted on the water.
John slides into the bed. Sherlock is already there, on his side under the covers, wearing a t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. "She said something to me this morning," John says. He sits up against the head of the bed and adjusts the cover over his legs.
Tristram wonders what Doctor Watson had to discuss with his father that they couldn't do here, or over the phone. It couldn't take that long to ask him if it's okay to program his phone number into Emily's phone.
This is set six months after the end of chapter 23 and is for ruth0007 on LJ, who wanted to see the day John moves in.
There was a time when Tristram wouldn't have hesitated with his answer, but at that moment he wasn't so sure. Father had wanted all of them to come to Switzerland, even though Emily didn't know how to escape a pair of handcuffs and John didn't seem to take directions from Father all that well either. Would Father have left John and Emily behind? Although it's true that he sort of did already. But Irene didn't give Tristram a chance to answer. She clamped her hand around his good wrist and stood up. Tristram reached automatically for his backpack, but Irene murmured, 'No, it has to look like we're coming back,' and stepped out into the aisle.
"You've already given me everything," Sherlock assured him, and even though John knew Sherlock believed that - as surely as John felt the same about Sherlock - he was now determined to find some token to express that belief. By the time the next turn of the seasons had passed, he vowed.
However, he was wary of the lure of fleeting physical stimuli. It had taken him four months in a closed facility and a further eight as an outpatient to truly feel in control of his body and mind again. He knew how messy and hurtful relationships were. He only needed to look as far as his own family for proof of that. Momentary pleasures such as a sexual or chemical high weren't worth the loss of control and the pain that inevitably followed, sooner or later.
Before he got very far, though, one of Gladstone's fans ran after him and tugged on his jacket. "I'm nervous, I've forgotten everything, and I don't want to do it," she announced with a convincing pout.
Father's jolliness - which Tristram recognises for the sham it is - fades. He and Doctor Watson stare at each other for a few moments. Tristram knows they are saying something else underneath that gaze. "Yes," Father says finally, with a weight that is virtually palpable. "Are you sure?" He returns the question, but it's not a challenge the way Doctor Watson's question was. He sounds genuinely uncertain.
"Leave it over there," Sherlock says, gesturing at the table under the window. It's piled high with magazines, a microscope, and what look like dried moss and fungus samples. John hesitates a bit before putting the computer on the chair.
Thank you to absolutely everyone who left kudos and such great comments throughout. I love that there was so much of an emotional response to this, and I am especially moved by those personal experiences that people have felt safe enough to share here. This is obviously just a made-up story and I've never been through anything like any of the situations depicted here, so I was really humbled to hear that people are able to identify, even if only in a small way, with some of the characters and the things that I put them through. You, the readers, are such a huge part of this. Thank you for participating. And finally, thank you once again to nox_candida for creating the original characters and set-up and for giving the okay for me to share this what-if with the fandom.
"I thought the people here spoke German," Tristram says. This is something that has been bothering him ever since they arrived. At the airport, Father said they spoke German, but since then there's been an awful lot of French.
Sherlock’s head jerked upward at the thought. He closed the open herbarium folio on his desk and packed up his things before approaching Molly, the assistant curator.
“They’ll ignore me if they think that, and I just want Irene found.” Sherlock turned away to arrange his face into something more blank and less smirking. He wasn’t about to mention the other trouble he was in. Not just yet.
,” the soldier spat. “Get out. Get out of the truck!” The squad had collected around the Rover and before he could open the door himself, Sherlock was jerked roughly out and thrown on the ground.
“Missing?” Sherlock asked, arranging his features into what he hoped was sufficient surprise. “How dreadful! When did this happen?”
He turned down a gravel track and the quality of the road quickly deteriorated, forcing him to weave back and forth to avoid the largest of the rocks and potholes. A loud scraping sound came from in front of him and he came to a stop, worried he was stuck or had lost the oil pan. He cut the engine and stepped out, only to see that the cheap plastic bumper of the car had become dislodged by a rock. He shook his head and snapped the bumper back on before stepping back to take a look at the road.
“You plant types are all the same,” she said with a laugh, and took the terra cotta pot from him. “Back in a jiff.” He watched her retreat and swiftly turned to the stacks around him, rapidly rifling through all of the papers, searching for the black spine of his notebook. His notes
"It's not," he had countered, taking a swift drag. "The jungle farmers and the FARC, those are my subjects."
"You have proof of this, I suppose." He glanced at her sharply, seeing her face in profile, half-hidden by the high collar of her coat. She knew he did. His field notes, signed and witnessed by his assistant, Jorge, mailed to himself and locked up at Kew.
. He committed the plant family characteristics of Araliaceae to memory, placing them on a shelf in his Mind Palace. If he were lucky, his quarry would be in flower, if luckier still it would be in fruit, though the volume was published in 1972, and accounting for climate change, one could never be sure...
This wasn’t the first time he’d been confronted by an angry man with a gun. And, given his basic ability to generally
About that little plant Sherlock spotted: finding an endangered species in a patch of forest means that forest now is protected land--so no more logging. Sorry, John.
John lifted the dog into the truck and headed for the day’s site in the woods, which was a provincial contract. The government had been all too happy to hire a local logging company owned by a veteran for the job, and John and his crew were just as happy to oblige. Watson Timber was finally making a profit after a few tough seasons since Harry and John’s father had passed, and this contract was the latest in a string of good luck for the business.
He applied to be a smokejumper and they took him on, sending him to jump out of planes to fight fires in the most remote areas of the province. Every close call, every rough landing, brought him back to the realization that he was where he needed to be.
“Destroy his little arts and crafts project,” the commander called, and the soldiers were tearing up the specimens with gusto, grinding scraps into the mud under their boots. “We catch you with our coca again and you’re going to rot in this jungle. You’re going to wish your slut mother had never given birth to you. You’re going to beg for your life and for your
“Those are important specimens,” Sherlock called out. The soldier looked up from his task, made eye contact, and ripped an herbarium sheet in two.
“He means suitcase. Fucking Air Canada.” John commiserated, and smiled. “Time to go. Let’s get you back into town. My guess is the way that’s bleeding, you’re going to need some stitches.” John handed his kit to Tommy, and Archie scrambled to take Sherlock’s pack and discarded shoe.
“I’m okay, Sherlock.” he croaked. He might have a mild concussion, he assessed, but no major damage done. Sherlock pushed his fringe out of his face and dropped a quick kiss onto his forehead.
“Why would you think that?” He checked his phone and saw two missed calls from Greg and five from Sherlock after that. “What happened, Sherlock?”
“Well, it’s just, you know. Usually you answer your calls. If you had ignored a call from me that would have been a bit more understandable.” They looked away from each other when he said this, the painful memories of last night hanging in the air.
He recounted how his comrade had been injured and couldn’t escape the explosion in time. And instead of allowing John to help him, he had sacrificed himself to save his life. Then his friend’s dead body had morphed into Sherlock’s, after he had jumped off Bart’s rooftop. It was here that his voice hitched and he couldn’t say anymore without breaking again.
He was dressed in a black tuxedo, dress shirt, tie, and pants. His hair was gelled up even more than usual. Each shiny, ravenous curl was deliberately placed for maximum, lush volume with one curl falling perfectly onto his forehead. His head-to-toe black outfit contrasted beautifully with his pale as moonlight skin and further accentuated those damned sharp cheekbones.
He’d emailed on and off with his Army buddy, telling him about the broken clavicle, the nicked subclavian artery and collapsed lung, how he’d come down with a nasty infection from the dirty wound, and then another in his gut from the antibiotics, which caused joint pain in his feet and knees that made him limp. He’d endured grafts and scar tissue removal in his neck, and tendon surgeries in his left hand, trying to get the damn thing to uncurl from the useless claw shape it had assumed since the bullet sliced through his nerves.
Three days ago. Dr Lestrade must have got word quickly. Sherlock hovered near his seat until most of the faculty had left the room, approaching Dr Lestrade swiftly.
?” a soldier with chiseled features demanded, casually pointing his AK-103 into the cab of the Rover. Already calling him by the Colombian word for faggot. “
“Because you’ve been looking for her, and the police don’t consult amateurs. You don’t want them thinking you’re some kind of vigilante.”
The ginseng itself was in flower and the plants were quite mature. The patch of 15 plants he saw would have been worth hundreds of pounds if it were found and harvested. He had scattered dried leaves over the patch as he left, hoping to keep it hidden from the eyes of hikers or bikers.
“My goodness,” he rumbled, and picked up the houseplant. “Janine, this fellow looks like he could use a stiff drink. Would you mind…?”
“I’ve got to go,” Dr Lestrade said, his voice lowered, and pointed at Sherlock’s chest. “Meeting. Send me an email.” He turned to speak to Sally.
“Doctor Lestrade?” It was Sally Donovan, his latest graduate student, glaring openly at Sherlock. “Are we still meeting?”
“Trust me.” He turned John toward the exam door, and caught a glimpse of something at the small of his back, tucked into his waistband. Something that looked like a gun.
He wasn’t a lefty anymore. He was thin and wasted from the gut infection and months of pain and inactivity. The limp was slowly fading now, but it had taken these 6 months just to be able to make a passable fist, and his hand still shook. He still had trouble sleeping, still had the dreams, waking himself with a shout, drenched in sweat. He was out, the Canadian Army said, not fit for duty.
“This guy needs stitches, Harry, stop being impossible, over and out.” He switched the radio off and put his truck into gear. “Sorry about that.”
"I thought you said it wasn't all about drugs?" she had teased. "That you were studying the social dimensions of coca production. The failures of the war on drugs in Colombia." She glanced over at his red-rimmed eyes, carefully passing the cigarette and noticing the shudder that passed through him.
“Shocking stuff. She and I worked together in London, you know. At Kew.” Janine shook her head in sympathy.
“Driving home from work. I saw it from the forest road. Tied up some flagging and radioed it in. Looked abandoned.”
"Have you found your notes, yet?" Sherlock didn’t reply, his expression growing pinched. "No, of course not. And you haven’t found your Doctor Adler, either. Good luck finding her without my help, and you’ll be needing a new ticket to get yourself home. My guess is you’ve got about…three hours until you are pulled over for driving a car you hired with a nicked credit card."
“A friend?” Sherlock looked stricken, hoping it wasn’t that obvious that he hadn’t any friends. “All the way out here?” He was reaching across Sherlock’s lap, who instantly felt heat rise into his cheeks.
"And where are you off to now, Doctor Holmes? Colombia again? Or is it Peru?” She sighed, flicking her ginger braid over her shoulder and moving the folio away from her work.
"Bugger," he mumbled, and then louder, "fuck!" He pulled on his shirt, leaving it unbuttoned, feeling more mosquitoes landing on his exposed back. Scooting on his backside, he manoeuvered himself to the edge of the trail and levered himself over the edge, sliding feet first down the hillside towards the GPS. Unable to quite reach it, he found a stick and, after several tries, hooked it by its carrying strap. Panting from the effort, he looked at the screen.
He had less than a kilometre to go, his head bent to peer at the GPS, when his left foot slid and he stumbled, stepping down sharply into a hole with his right. His forward momentum propelled him to the ground, his foot caught in the hole, and he felt a distinct pop in his ankle just as he felt a sharp impact on his left knee. He tried to break his fall and his hands skidded on gravel, the GPS flying out of his hand.
“Oh, the Mounties’ve been all over her office, but I haven’t heard anything yet.” She shook her head. “Asked me loads of questions. She’s always going off to the woods, usually takes someone with her, usually her field tech Kate, but not this time. Most of her plots are south of here, that’s where they’ve been looking.”
“I stepped in a hole and went arse over tit,” he replied with a grin. “Landed on a rock.” John moved to his ankle and noted how swollen it was.
He followed the small map as the tarmac ended, his car bumping along. He was less worried about being pulled over now that he was this far back into the woods, though he continued to glance in his rear view mirror for…Mounties? Park rangers? He wondered who would bother to be out here.
Sherlock peered out the windscreen of his rented car at the long brick building before him, its grey-green patinated copper eaves and red tile roof much like the other nearby buildings on the McGill campus. Stone lettering above the entrance identified it as the Raymond Building. He pulled into a car park next to the greenhouse and switched off the engine.
John had made up his mind. Tomorrow he will tell Sherlock he made a mistake and wishes to leave. He could go back to being a prisoner or take a life boat and sail himself to land somewhere. Anything but staying on this ship as a crew member. Sherlock had made it clear he was no longer a captive, but John felt anything but free. He did not belong here.
“Shut up,” he said. She giggled, and John realized it might actually be nice to have a friend on board.
John climbed off of Sherlock and helped him up. Hand in hand, they bolted down the front steps and down the path, watching as the gap that was their last hope of escape narrowed more and more.
Victor’s weeping stopped abruptly, and he fell forward from his knees hitting the ground with a sickening, final thud.
“He throws these evening parties annually. There are three events on three separate nights. This one is the first. In the-”
John gave up on denying what his intentions were that night and instead pulled the taller man down by the front of his shirt and pressed a sloppy kiss to his mouth.
Julia brought one hand up and carded through his curls. John scowled in rage at the scene playing out in front of him.
It wasn’t until he saw a text from “M” appear on Mary’s phone one day that he changed his mind. He glanced at her phone as he passed by and his eyes widened in shock. She snatched it out of his view quick enough and rushed to a different room to reply, but the damage was done. She knew he had seen it.
"It's good," Tristram says, without really looking at the picture, because her admission has thrown him into something of a tailspin. Her father
The restaurant igloo is smaller than it looked in the pictures. It's still pretty neat, especially the blue and gold lights glowing through the snow walls in the dark. Their destination is actually an entire village of igloos arranged in a cluster on a snow-covered field a short distance away from the main restaurant, again at the top of a cable car line. Tristram is beginning to wonder if there's anything to do in Switzerland that doesn't involve getting to the top of a mountain first.
Sherlock nodded and picked up his cock. The condom was drying and slightly tacky. He retrieved the lotion and squeezed out another handful, nearly emptying the bottle.
By the time Sherlock got home and hooked the lead onto Gladstone's collar, the shock had passed and he was ready to get his thoughts in some semblance of order. He set out, purposely choosing a route that wouldn't take him anywhere near John's neighbourhood or any of the places he and John had been together.
Tristram bites down carefully on the plastic tubing and draws his hand back as steadily as he can. It hurts-it hurts-it hurts! He gasps but manages not to drop the tubing, and then he is free. He did it! It's bleeding, but not too much. He forgot to get a tissue. He presses the back of his arm against his cast instead. "It's out!" he says, loud enough so his father can hear him, he hopes.
John looks up. He understands. Of course he does. His eyes are bright and full of everything he's been holding back for the past six weeks. And the past three years. He laughs. He puts one hand around the back of Sherlock's neck and pulls their foreheads together. The folder on his lap slides onto the floor, all the papers fluttering out. Neither of them moves to pick it up.
"Mr Watson will not be back this afternoon, or ever, for that matter." It turned out that was surprisingly difficult to say, which didn't make any sense. It was simply a fact. No different than saying there were two hundred and forty-three types of tobacco, or Anderson was an idiot.
I determined that my friend had insinuated himself into nearly every aspect of my existence, and far from being burdensome, the situation had served only to increase my productivity, mental acuity, and general sense of well-being. Opening my bedroom did not seem a very large thing to venture. I had after all never been compromised by such entanglements in the past, aside from some trivial attempts at extortion which were easily rebuffed. And although I did not judge Watson to be the sort to engage in such dishonest practices in the first place, I easily had enough material on him already to keep any equivalent attempts in check. Additionally, I predicted several benefits: relief from the distracting stirrings I was increasingly subject to whenever my thoughts wandered in his direction, the convenience of proximity and privacy, the security of mutually enjoyable, invigorating release without the need for tedious negotiations or the lurking risk of disease, and of course the tantalising prospect of John Watson's head between my legs and his weeping prick dripping nectar on my tongue.
Mr Holmes stood in front of the workbench that ran the length of the glass-fronted wall, gazing out at the darkened vista that lay beyond. He didn't seem to have heard John. "Sherlock used to have designs on this place as a boy," he said.
An unfamiliar emotion spread through Sherlock's chest - pride, perhaps, unadulterated by disapproval or rejection. "Yes, of course," he said, still studying Watson, looking for some chink in his honest facade, some hidden reserve of pitch being held in readiness for an attack. There was definitely something there, but it didn't seem threatening. At least, not toward Sherlock. "It's simple application of logical, deductive principles based on systematic observation," he explained.
Now it was John's turn. He could accept the offering, tuck it away in his own personal treasure trove, take it out in quiet moments. Maybe that's all that Sherlock intended. All that he expected. But it wasn't what John wanted. Not anymore. He'd had a taste of what it could be like. What their life could be like. Their partnership openly acknowledged; between them, at least. John's stomach flipped at the implications. The possibilities. The reality. Because this was it. They were there already. Here.
A few days later, Tristram noticed the new bow had migrated to one of the bookshelves. He stopped paying attention to it then, but he knows that at some point it disappeared from the common living area altogether, because it's not on the bookshelf anymore. Father eventually did get a new bow, but it was a different one.
He withdrew abruptly, leaving a cool emptiness behind that ached to be filled with his presence once more. Instead, he now came to stand in front of me, his legs spread on either side of my knees, and resumed rubbing the chestnut husk over my neck, my shoulders, my arms, and my chest. The constantly changing pressure and position left me tingling and gasping, half from the stimulation and half from the excitement of him pressing his attack. I watched his face, enthralled, as he carried out this exercise, fascinated by the way his eyes darkened and his nostrils flared in response to the hitches of my breath, the involuntary twitches of my body, the flush and tightening of my skin which his ministrations left in their wake.
"Now was that ridiculous?" John speaks the words into Sherlock's bare chest, his lips brushing the damp sheen there. Just centimetres away, on the other side of muscle and bone, Sherlock's heart is slowly returning to its resting state.
Sherlock has put on a t-shirt in the meantime, and goes to sit cross-legged on the bed, tapping away at his phone.
Sherlock shrugged his indifference, but observed keenly how John added a portion of creamer from the supply of little plastic pots. Noted. He wasn't fooled by the casual manner in which John referred to his army experience. It was a huge sign of trust for him to mention it at all.
It wasn't that John was overeating. The cooking alone seemed to satisfy whatever was in need of an outlet. Anything that wasn't consumed in the course of a modestly portioned meal went into the freezer, or was shared with Mrs Hudson. Or -- particularly in the case of baked goods -- taken to work for the break room. Sherlock had been mildly embarrassed when John brought along an entire coffee cake to a deposition for a case they'd been involved in three months back, but the solicitors on both sides had been appreciative. One had later sent John an email asking for the recipe. And fishing for a date, but that had been politely declined.
. It is about an hour from Meiringen by car. They only actually offer one model of knife for self-assembly, the Spartan. But it would be cool if they let you put on any attachment you wanted. :)
That was Tristram's first mistake. His phone was in that backpack. He couldn't use it in Switzerland, of course, but he'd taken it along anyway because John had told him always, always to keep his phone with him. John had also said never to leave it in his school bag or jacket because then he might not have it on him when he needed it, and so perhaps that was actually Tristram's first mistake: not carrying the phone in his trousers. At any rate, it got left behind, so he's not able to try and contact Uncle Mycroft (or his father or John) now. He's not sure he'd be able to use his phone from here anyway, so perhaps it's a moot point. It still nags at him.
"Why would she need to book a room for that?" Sherlock scoffs. "She could have simply met the contact in the bar."
Sherlock grunted an affirmative, his attention mostly on the order he was texting. After he hit 'send', he went into the kitchen with Gladstone tapping happily across the wooden floor behind him. Sherlock measured out Gladstone's kibble, and was already reaching for the wine glasses when he realised what was going on. He and John were having dinner together. Alone. At his house. With wine, apparently. He hesitated. This would be their … well, technically, their third date. He knew what common wisdom said about the third date. Despite the fact that they hadn't so much as kissed yet. Would it be less of an invitation for sexual activity if he offered beer? Not that he kept any in the house, but he could easily add it to the order. Or what would green tea mean?
"Good morning." Sherlock's voice cut through the remnants of John's sleep haze. He was barely awake, but Sherlock must have been waiting for him to stir beside him and pounced on the first sign of life. John cracked his eyes open. The thin, winter light in the room told him the morning was well advanced.
And then Father speaks again. "You know the reason why it's always just been you and I," he says, looking down at his hands again.
Sherlock had never shared a bed with anyone, he said, which meant he'd never shared any of this. Or had there been physical encounters that didn't extend to the intimacy of an overnight bed? Loos, alleys, dirty drug dens like the place John had found him when he went looking for Isaac Whitney... or before that, someone's basement with their parents upstairs; the back seat of a first car; sneaking in and out of a bedroom window on a school night?
Tristram looks from Doctor Watson to his father, because he's sure that's not how things are supposed to go. He thinks of his father curled up on the cold floor of their living room with his head resting on the couch next to Doctor Watson, and of Doctor Watson coming out of Father's room the next morning after that. Father said he hadn't slept at all that night, but that doesn't mean he wasn't in his room at some point. With Doctor Watson. He does not think about the two of them together in his father's room at Grandmother's. But it's a piece of evidence nevertheless.
Sherlock pushed one hand down between them and felt the front of John's trousers. "On the contrary, it feels like it's settling in for the long haul."
"That's only one," Father scoffs. "You're using it the same way each time. Unimaginative. I've come up with six so far." He swivels to aim the fork at one of the other tables.
"Okay, it's okay, I've got you, that's it," John assured and coaxed. He took over once again, his hand on Sherlock now flying firmly up and down his shaft. He wrapped his other arm around Sherlock's back and held him, mumbling encouragements and praise until Sherlock tensed and grunted into John's neck, his spirit's essence splashing warm and thick onto John's side.
Sherlock stops and looks up. They are standing in the middle of an expansive paved area in front of a large red and white stadium. "Looks to be a sporting arena of some kind. You're the football fan, I believe." He finishes his text and sends it.
He's distracted from following that line of inquiry any further when Sherlock pulls the bottom of his shirt out of his trousers and lifts the material away from his chest and abdomen.
"I generally find interactions with other people outside of criminal investigations messy and awkward. Within the scope of investigations as well, come to that." He smirks wryly, and John chuckles in sympathy. "What I'm trying to say, is-"
The last time he'd been here, he honestly hadn't cared whether he lived or died. He hadn't purposely overdosed, but the whole business of living - getting up, washing, eating, finding some way to occupy his time, breathing - had become so utterly tedious that any escape, any alternative, had been preferable. He didn't agree with the official diagnosis they'd given him of depression. Nor had he ever been suicidal. He'd simply been bored out of his skull. That was why he'd refused the medication they'd tried to foist on him afterwards. He hadn't needed more drugs, especially not ones designed to even out his mood. He'd needed something to engage him.
Sherlock wanted to come back with a cutting remark, something about how he didn't owe John anything, how he knew more about honesty than John did with his suppressed trauma and his psychosomatic limp. His own body was lying to him, for God's sake!
Sherlock had no idea why he ended up saying what he did. He should have used something else, like, 'John, I have cancer,' or 'Mrs Hudson's asked us to leave.' He deemed those perhaps a bit too upsetting and likely to involve lengthy followups and discussions, so in the end, he'd settled on, 'Lestrade texted to say he thinks they've caught the idiot who shot at you last month'. Lestrade hadn't, of course, and it was not an event Sherlock recalled with any fondness, so maybe it was that jolt of recalling the fear and panic he'd felt that sent his brain tumbling down such a sentimental path. At any rate, what actually came out was, 'I'm really quite hopelessly in love with you, John Watson,' and to add insult to injury, he found himself leaning down close to the very stunned face of said John Watson, and kissing him carefully on the mouth.
John clears his throat like he's about to say something. He doesn't, though, and when Tristram looks at him, he has his eyes firmly on his plate, although his eyebrows are raised so high his whole forehead is wrinkled.
"Look, this isn't-" John sighs. "This isn't why I wanted to talk to you. I actually wanted to know what you found out today. How do things look?"
"They're just kissing!" Emily says, laughing a little. She turns the photo strip so she can admire it.
Holmes appeared delighted at the scolding. "Good old Watson!" he exclaimed. "I assure you I was perfectly safe. He has breeding in him, all right. He is a real aristocrat of crime and an excellent antagonist. If there had been even the slightest suggestion of danger, I would have asked you to come along, my dear."
But the point was -- and there had been a point, a salient one relating to John's furrowed brow and the faint aura of dissatisfaction that continued to hover around him regarding this wedding -- that there had been a moment while working on the speech, before their vigorous discussion of illustrations versus drivel, when John had drifted off, as if brooding, troubled just for a second by some word or image. His expression had cleared almost instantly, but that hadn't erased the suggestion of some deeper concerns.
?" She points up the stairs, adding in a whisper, "I didn't dare go in after the way he snapped yesterday."
Tristram knows he's supposed to say he doesn't mind it, either. He's supposed to say it doesn't make him uncomfortable when he sees his father touching Doctor Watson, or kissing him. He's supposed to say he's happy that they're friends. He is, too, looked at objectively, but at the same time there are lots of other feelings mixed up with the logical happiness that kind of drown it out. He has to say something, though, so he tells Doctor Watson the same thing he told his father that night in the taxi after their last visit to the Watsons': "It's fine."
As soon as he did - generally making a beeline for his chair in the living room, as well trained as one of Pavlov's dogs - Sherlock would get up as if for the first time, pick up the glass, and fill it with water from the tap in the kitchen. If John cared to pay attention at all, all he would see was fresh water going in. The glass vial was securely stowed in Sherlock's pocket by now. Then Sherlock would bring John the water, admonish him about dehydration and hangovers, and John would obediently drink it.
John knew what he hoped Sherlock would pick, but he was also pretty sure what Sherlock wanted, and that was to make things more difficult for himself. He never took the easy way. Never took the low-hanging fruit. And so it was.
Sherlock sped up his thrusts, just a little, not enough to make John slide forward on the mattress, but enough that Sherlock started to feel the exertion in his thighs. And in his balls, and the base of his cock. Sperm being lined up for expulsion, other glands adding more fluids in preparation for orgasm. He wanted to fuck John without a condom, to see if it felt any different. He was sure it would, but how different? In what ways? Purely physically, or would it feel different in his head too? Would it make any difference for John?
"Yes!" Lestrade snapped back from wherever his mind had wandered. "Just wanted to remind you about the parents' meeting tonight."
"Stay back," Doctor Watson says, still sharp. Then he turns to Mrs Hudson. "I'm sorry, would you mind taking them-"
Sherlock smiles sardonically. "Mycroft's too clever for that. He knew she was going to leave even without his name greasing her way. She should have bargained harder over the abortion."
Sherlock had the inconvenient impulse to say or do something that would cause the other man to smile. Instead, he answered irritably, "This isn't a rehearsal for a play. This is a language arts class."
"How'd it get better then?" Maybe whatever fixed John's leg can also fix Tristram's heart and lungs.
His hunger wasn't just for the food though. Because despite his apprehensions, despite not knowing what awaited him, he'd come back to have dinner with John. He could have stayed away, all night even. Wouldn't have thought twice about doing so before. Well, all right, he might have brooded over it, sulked about the injustice of the world in general, and specifically the inconvenience of having to adjust his behaviour because of another person -- a person whose opinion mattered, whom he wanted very much to like him. But instead he'd come home, and not because he thought it would be worse to stay away, but, he realised with a start, because he was feeling out of sorts over all this old business and he wanted to restore balance to his world. Wanted
As they leave the shop, Emily insists on peeking into the plastic bag John has acquired, but it's just serviettes or tea towels or something, so Tristram's not really interested. It becomes clear at this point that Irene's taken charge as the de facto leader of their little expedition. She has had a couple more weeks to find where things are in the town, after all.
"Someone has to come in," she explains patiently. "We're going to need your consent for treatment, and we won't know what that is until the surgeon's had a look. I'd like to start him on some pain relief now."
All he said in answer to John's question, however, was "No." He didn't trust his own voice not to reveal more than he intended - or expected - if he said more at the moment.
John giggled, and this time it was genuine. "No, I guess not. For me though, maybe?" he said, before he'd thought through the way that might sound. "I mean, no, not just for me," he tried to explain, his heart now skittering wildly at the closeness, the gentle waft of Sherlock's mint-and-cigarette-tinged breath, his intense, unnerving expression. "But I hear you play all the time. Not for me. Just, you playing. Doesn't matter what." John decided he'd do better to shut up before he dug himself any deeper into his current hole.
"Not at all," Father says. He starts to walk away. Emily and Doctor Watson get their suitcases turned around and follow him along with Tristram. Father continues to speak: "I've discovered it will be more convenient for us to buy a pass. That way, we won't have to purchase individual tickets every time."
John is happy when Mary perches on the back of his chair, her hand on his shoulder, and recounts something mildly amusing that happened at the clinic the week before for Sherlock's benefit. (Sherlock wonders whether John remembers Sherlock kneeling in front of that chair, gagging on John's penis. He wonders whether Mary does the same thing at their flat. Perhaps that is why John appears so amused at such a ridiculous, trivial story. Sherlock resolves to delete that thought, but it's persistent. Later, it takes several applications of cocaine and the eventual removal of the chair from the living room before he's able to manage it.)
Moriarty turned to Sherlock with a look of wide-eyed delight. "Why Sherlock, how marvelous! I must admit, I didn't expect that. I like it. You must be trying to impress someone."
"I get it, Sherlock. I know you're used to working alone. And I understand about today. I suppose I was oversensitive, what with all the-" He waves his hand helplessly toward the couch.
"I didn't..." He shakes his head and mutters, "God, I don't know what I was thinking. You were — " He deliberately puts his hand over Sherlock's this time, lacing their fingers firmly together. "You are the best thing to ever happen to me, and I took it all for granted."
Emily's smile falters. She looks back and forth between her father and Sherlock. "But he's coming back now, right?"
"Morning." John steps into the green parlour. His face is pale and puffy and his hair is sticking up at odd angles.
Molly and the children arrived a short time later, and the rehearsal got underway. Things went more smoothly than the day before, perhaps due in part to the cocoa and doughnuts that showed up halfway through, a donation from one of the vendors who'd been granted a concession for the night of the play. Sherlock kept a close eye on the time, though, and fifteen minutes before the end, he broke off what they were doing and announced they were going to try the last song. It was probably the easiest one to stage, as it didn't involve anything more than the children standing around the manger.
He could still have called him back, or reached forward to put a hand on his shoulder, turn him, kiss him on the cheek at least, press his nose into John's hair - John was hesitating on the top step, maybe he was going to turn back himself - but then he didn't, he was down the steps and on the pavement, and he didn't even turn around as Sherlock stood there, watching him walk up the street until the darkness swallowed him.
John stayed with the class in the afternoon, helping with the lessons where he could. When the bell rang at the end of the day, he stopped by Sherlock's desk before going out to help the children with their coats.
"Actually," Doctor Watson says, "I'd like to borrow your dad for a bit." He reaches up to take his own coat down, keeping his eyes on Tristram's father. "There's something I need to talk to him about."
John tucked that tidbit away for later. "Me too," he said. "Speaking of Mycroft, he's inside." He jerked his head toward the house. "Must have got in a few minutes ago."
"Yes, I'd be happy to accompany you. Very happy." He snuck a glance at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, then looked at the babies again, beaming.
Doctor Watson's face freezes for a moment, and Tristram is afraid he's said something unforgivably stupid. But then it breaks into just about the broadest grin Tristram's ever seen, and he laughs almost as hard as he did when he told the story about the artillery shell to Tristram's father. Tristram smiles now, too, because he knows he's right.
Quick, heavy steps on the stairs precede his father's entrance, his eyes alert and taking in every detail. "What is it?" He darts over to the table, hones in on the finger on Tristram's plate, sniffs, fumbles in his pocket for surgical gloves, which he snaps on, and a plastic coffee stirrer, which he then uses to roll the finger over.
"Yeah, no. I wouldn't have either. It sounds like they were expecting me, though, with the sniper set up across the street. How'd they know I'd be there if not for a medical emergency?"
"Yes. He does." Father smiles again, and this time it's for real. "Not that I was unhappy before. But he makes things... better."
Sherlock waited a few moments, catching his breath, his mind whirling, he couldn't think, all he knew was that he had to be sure, had to know what this was, philia or eros, the bracing embrace of warrior brethren or the reunion of two halves rejoined. He curled in, tilting his head to touch John's lips with his once more, slow, cautious, tantalising the sensitive flesh, and John still didn't move away. Responded, a tight, choked sound, hands clenching in the material of Sherlock's suit, leaning in, pressure on Sherlock's mouth, moulding his lips to fit Sherlock's, adjusting and re-aligning, discovery, relief, tenderness, the underlying question being answered enthusiastically, unequivocally. Another pause, both of them with chests heaving, eyes closed, overwhelmed by their physical and emotional reactions.
"Everyone! I know I did. You were brilliant- what am I saying, transcendant! - and then BOOM!" An elderly couple browsing the trees nearby jumped and stared at Moriarty's outburst. "All gone, up your nose, down your veins, 'Those were the days'." Moriarty sang the last bit, leering at the couple until they scurried off, casting back scolding looks.
The next of my senses to be assaulted was my nose, as it was met by an odiferous melange of smells. Cigar smoke and candle wax, leather and oil, the briny tang of sweat and the biting odor of human exertion, the faintest metallic whiff of blood or iron paired with a strangely floral note, and most peculiarly a scent I associated exclusively with the medicinal application of the violet ray, which I had seen demonstrated at a conference in Paris just before the turn of the recent century. Whilst I had not yet procured a model for my own practice, it was already all the rage as a treatment for ailments ranging from arthritis to tumors. This alone might have supported Holmes' description of the place as a kind of medical institution, were it not for all the rest.
Sherlock pushed the door open. Victor stood by the window, holding his mobile phone. The last time Sherlock had seen him, when they'd come to make the arrangements, he'd been wearing a black shirt and trousers, the white tab collar the only outward sign of his vocation. Now, he wore a long, white cassock with a loose, white, lace-trimmed surplice over it and a white stole laid over his shoulders. It was somewhat startling. Like expecting the ravioli to be filled with spinach, only to take a bite and find lemon custard inside.
"Oh fuck, oh my God..." John's whole body was tingling, a cyclone gathering strength, swirling in toward the centre, hot and wild. A pulsating pressure, untamed, thrashing. And then unleashed, a torrent of sensation. Waves of pleasure, overlapping, exploding, spiraling outward, beyond the borders of his body. Reverberating with Sherlock's, echoing and crashing back over him. Sherlock's mouth on his, swallowing his hisses and choked-off cry, swallowing his very breath. Sherlock's body jerking in his arms, stiffening, his buttocks clenching, heat between them adding to heat, a strangled gasp.
"There's nothing I can do for him, and anyway it'd be over by the time I got back," John says stubbornly.
"What are you doing here?" John had only opened the door wide enough to stand in the gap. Wary, but not entirely unhappy to see him. Sherlock couldn't allow himself to hope, though. That way lay danger.
Back on the main floor, Tristram pulls Emily into a small room that's full of display cases and tall cabinets. "This is the curiosity room," he announces.
"And this weekend." Emily breaks into Tristram's thoughts. "He took my dad along this weekend too, to help keep us safe. And I think that's why we're staying with you here."
John swallowed, his throat tight. He didn't deserve this man. Didn't deserve him at all. "This isn't like that," he said, insistent despite the hoarseness of his voice. "This isn't to get back at Mary."
Bake at 350 F /175 C for 20-30 minutes. Let it set for 10 minutes before serving, but serve while still hot.
Tristram nods because that's what Doctor Watson wants him to do. So that they can be done with this conversation.
"That's no excuse. Fraud, kidnapping, possibly embezzlement- I don't even want to know what he was doing in my bank account."
"Oh. Right," Lestrade says awkwardly. "Well, that's good, right?" he says, trying to sound upbeat. "I mean if he's feeling up to going back to work?"
"John..." Sherlock says, more an expression of awe than a bid for attention, but it's enough to make John open his eyes and look at Sherlock.
Father stirs, gently nudging Tristram back upright. "I think you can go back to bed now," he says. "Nothing's going to happen tonight." He steps away from the window and lets the curtain fall back over the window. Then he turns his phone on again and directs the blue glow at the floor so Tristram can get to the bed without running into anything.
As soon as he is under the duvet, the phone blinks off, allowing the inky blackness to return. For a moment, Tristram has the notion that Father disappeared along with the light from the phone, but then he hears him moving through the room. When he opens the door, Tristram is seized by a momentary panic at the thought of being left alone in the dark.
It was all academic, though, as the gaydar was definitely beeping loud and clear in his direction. She didn't know whether John was truly oblivious to the attention or simply didn't mind, but either way the two of them clicked as best mates who'd lay their hand in the fire for each other, and no woman was going to be able to compete with that. Which was fine, really.
John chuckled, and there were those crinkles around his eyes. Sherlock had been wrong. He definitely could not go twenty-four hours without seeing those again. "Beats what they used to pass off as coffee in the army," John said. He took another sip of the drink Sherlock had brought him. "This is nice too, though. Is it all right if I just..." He gestured at the counter where the tea and coffee things were kept.
"I intend to," Sherlock assured him, covering his mouth again and teasing his tongue inside in imitation of the act.
"Things not go well with Mycroft, then?" Doctor Watson sits down in the armchair opposite him, tentative but persistent.
Emily takes a deep, slow breath, lifting her hands as if holding her lungs up, then lets it all out in a deliberate whoosh, miming pushing the air out. "Come on, do it with me," she encourages him, just like they did that morning in the hotel room. Tristram focuses on her face, on the flaring of her nostrils as she inhales and the O shape of her mouth as she exhales, and tries to join in.
