When John finally turned back towards Mary he found her smiling at him, looking amused. "I take it you've never been here before?"
It was technically impossible, but John still swore he could hear Mary grin. "That's wonderful news John. Of course I'm still interested. When were you thinking of moving in?"
"Love is a fairytale, Ms. Hooper," Sherlock retaliated, never breaking eye contact. The reality is little more than a chemical defect, which puts one at a great disadvantage."
, for which John was grateful.
John found himself nodding at the sentiment. He doubted he was the
John's eyes narrowed dubiously. "And collect samples for more experiments?"
asking.
"Sherlock, that is a
"Go on," Sherlock encouraged, impatient now that he had John's attention. He had set John's computer down on the desk and was on his knees, leaning over the back of his chair.
"Why? Investigations are tense and slow things down, but in the end, if there's nothing to hide, there's no reason to worry." John knew he hadn't seen anything questionable...but hospitals were big places
When you don't want to love someone, but you absolutely do...
. I have no interest in politics, only my work."
Always, here is the next installment, I hope you enjoy it!
"And what lead you to being a morgue assistant?"
John's breath stuck in his throat, and unshed tears burned in his eyes. He blinked against the summer rain and kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock's grave...
time, because it enabled me to make sure the patient was still breathing, but I need to get him into the infirmary, I need to find out what he took!" Sherlock's tone was sharp, but not loud when he insisted again, "I need a gurney."
"Hey," Eric greeted him, as soon as he was in hearing range. "Thank you for coming in tonight."
Mary helped John clear the table, and then John gently but firmly insisted that he had agreed to do the washing up, and that Mary was not obligated to help. Mary left the kitchen, albeit reluctantly. When the last dish was neatly put away John strolled into the living room and found Mary curled on the couch. She had her head bent over a book, and she was murmuring quietly to herself as she read.
"Don't nominate me for sainthood anytime soon. At the time I was diagnosed I was so frustrated I threatened to beat my attending with my I.V. pole."
John thought very little of these most recent texts. He didn't see anything in them beyond Greg's desire for an explanation and, perhaps, a desire for a return to normalcy. If Sherlock thanked someone, was cooperative, or didn't verbally eviscerate someone, it was probably because that was the most expedient thing to do for the case, or because he was distracted by something he deemed "more important."
She pressed her free hand to her chest and gasped in badly feigned shock. "So you
"Sherlock, the official investigation is over, the cremation's tomorrow. I am not going to put that poor women's family though any more on so little evidence, no matter how brilliant you are."
Again it wasn't John's possible anger or lectures that gave Sherlock pause, it was the pain such a meeting might cause. Leaving 221 B had been more than difficult for John. Sherlock knew that John loved him, that John
John nodded and stood. "Then we should get to it."
"What do you normally do, then, when you can't sleep?" John asked.
It wasn't all bad, though. James continued to be an unexpected and loyal friend, whom John was truly grateful for. When the ex-army doctor had run from the flat, he hadn't planned on running anywhere but
"Well," Sherlock began, his smile fighting to turn into a grin, "It's all part of the process, I suppose."
"Once again my dear blogger, you see, but you do not observe," Sherlock murmured in his ear, his grip on John's arm tightening dangerously. "As part of a couple, especially a homosexual one, I do not look suspicious, or threatening."
Johns sighed and his shoulders sagged. "Really, Sherlock, can't this wait until morning? I'm absolutely knackered from getting this place livable. I wanted to write a note to Harry and turn in early for once."
John chuckled. "Cute." He took a sip of his own stout before asking, "There really hasn't been much going on? I thought St. Bart's worked closely with the Yard?"
slept, as far as John could tell; there was even a half-hearted rumor at the Yard, according to Greg, that Sherlock was a vampire. Surely he must be thinking, and yet…
Sherlock growled in frustration, breaking away from Lestrade and storming back towards the house.
"I was busy with an experiment," Sherlock replied sharply, clearly indicating what he felt was most important. "Besides, you know now, don't you?"
Their eyes found each other and Sherlock bent down for another languid kiss. Sherlock's hands tugged John's trousers down while his lips skimmed over the skin of his neck, pausing to lick and suck at the arch where neck met shoulder. John gasped when Sherlock teeth scraped against the tender flesh he had just abused. Sherlock continued downwards, marking John here and there as he went. He paused at John's nipples, taking one in his mouth and stimulating the other with his fingers. John arched against him and Sherlock used his free hand to push John's pants off over his hips.
It wasn't a case, but it was something to do. Better still, there was always the chance a case could find him. The theater was no stranger to real life drama. As the ambulance pulled away from the curb Sherlock turned and marched past Mr. Walker towards the Royal Opera House.
Sherlock smirked, his expression heavy with self-satisfaction. "It was not gained by accident."
"Do I
"No, the Brussel sprouts are in oven and the pasta finished before you arrived. It's just the sauce."
When specifics surrounding Mr. Wallingford failed, Sherlock broadened his queries. He brought up death records for the last several months and compared them. There was a slight upward trend in hospital deaths, but nothing drastic, nothing truly out of the ordinary. There was no pattern in time, gender, age, or cause of death.
loved him, and because he loved John back, he couldn't bring himself to hurt John any further, not if he could help it.
Miss. Williams, who had evidently been reading on the sofa, started when her father ushered the ex-army doctor and the world's only consulting detective into their living room. John sat as he was bade, trying to be mindful of the grime that covered him. Sherlock on the other hand, strode in confidently and sat down with such force that he sent small black particles flying out from his clothes, across the carpet and the upholstery
need a keeper.
Sherlock watched him go, panting for breath, and wondering if they had
Lestrade arched an eyebrow at him. "Why?"
"Sherlock!" Greg cried again, but Sherlock ignored him, pulling John towards the door.
Molly was babbling now about the last days, the days just before the fall. She stumbled, somewhat over her words, probably because John was glaring at her. He didn't really mean to, it was practically a reflex at this point. For the sake of a long friendship, John made an effort not to glare, and focused on what she was saying.
Sherlock loitered outside the Royal Opera House, waiting for his replacement. Normally he never would have bothered to double check on a task which Mycroft had accepted. Mycroft never went back on his word. However Sherlock had never given Mycroft anything truly important in the past, Sherlock preferred to do his own work. That was one of the reasons he'd primarily worked alone…before John.
James looked thoughtful for a moment before he replied. "I've always really liked puzzles and mysteries. Medicine seemed to be a field where I could practice that interest and help people at the same time."
"Errands." Mrs. Hudson repeated, holding out the paper to Sherlock. "I can't make you fight for your relationship, Sherlock, even if you are an idiot for not fighting, but I will make you replenish our supplies if
Now that there possibility existed...that Sherlock might be... This potential new reality left John shattered and lost in a way that transcended even the grief filled haze that had nearly consumed him since Sherlock's fall.
Sherlock had to stay in hospital for a week before the staff, Mycroft, or John would even think about letting him go back to Baker Street. As much as John wanted him there, he wanted to do what was best for Sherlock's recovery. Sherlock had grumbled, but he hadn't been in the mood to deny John anything.
Sherlock glared at his mate for a moment before letting his gaze fall to the bed, trying to picture it. He'd have easy access to the door if he leapt from the bed and ran... While the position seemed vulnerable, it would give Sherlock several points of leverage if he felt he needed to use them, and he would feel less surrounded...
"John Watson, look at me." Mary's words were sharp.
"Exactly! That is how most people do it. Usually feet first, but occasionally someone dives head first. Trying to be original or something, I don't really know why."
Irene shrugged. "Nothing too invasive. In order to maintain control certain large operations will need to be maintained. If you get too close I'll do what needs to be done."
this, Sherlock," against his lips.
"It's the truth, John," Mycroft replied stoically.
"Mycroft," John greeted the elder Holmes brother coolly. They weren't on the best of terms still, but they were at least at a ceasefire since John had begun his correspondence with Alexander.
"You've had a few minutes!" John was tugging at his arm now, "Sherlock, we need to go!"
. Harry had actually written this impossible man! John glared down at Sherlock once more before returning his gaze to the letter.
Lestrade's face flushed red with anger. "Keep your damn cuffs on!"
John's eyes widened slightly as he realized he was being threatened. Christ, would this bloody sociopath use
James took a sip of his beer, and smiled. "It's been quiet as a graveyard, I'm afraid."
Mary frowned and said, "I meant what I say about your boundaries, John. If I push them or step over them let me know and I'll stop."
, despite what he might do to convince you otherwise. I've known him a long time and I've never seen him look at anyone, the way he looks at
Sherlock nodded and leaned down to speak with her before the gurney was lifted into the waiting ambulance. "Ask them to take you to Charing Cross Hospital, Dr. Watson is on shift tonight, and he'll look after your arm."
A cold feeling clenched tight in Johns chest, but he nodded. He'd never backed away from a difficult situation in his life; he wasn't about to start now. They slipped into the backseat together and sped on their way to 221B.
Marcus gasped at the sensation and whispered, "Works for me." He stepped out of his trousers, which had long since slid to the floor, and pushed John back towards the bed. As they went, Marcus's hand shot out and pressed the light switch on the wall, which turned off the main lights and started the gas fireplace. He did know his way around the hotel, but John wasn't complaining. The soft light danced over Marcus's skin, making it glow.
She turned to smile at him, then leaned over to place a kiss on his cheek. "Thank you, Johnny." More than scared or excited, she was grateful. More grateful than she could properly express that her brother loved her so much; she didn't deserve it.
Trigger Warning: Patient death described in this chapter.
More and more of his time gave way to exploring the mysterious fluid in the syringe. Slowly...too slowly, the truth presented itself. The syringe
John wrapped one arm around Marcus's middle, holding him still and steady as he withdrew his fingers. Marcus made a noise of protest, but John shushed him. "I'm just adding more lube. I don't care how often you do this, I'm not going to risk injuring you."
"I apologize also for disturbing your workspace. I will clean the slides and leave." Sherlock turned back around and immediately made good on his promise. He cleaned the slides properly, and stored them. He even straightened the work area. When he pulled on his coat in preparation for leaving, five minutes later, Molly still had not spoken or moved. Sherlock nodded once to her as he straightened his collar. "Goodnight Molly."
Once they were alone they seated themselves on opposite sofas, facing each other. Sherlock sat forward with his elbows on his knees and his hands steepled in front of his chin. Ms. Wallingford sat as she had before, with her hands folded delicately in her lap, her gaze fixed on them. Sherlock let the silence build between them for a long moment before he spoke.
Greetings everyone!  Thank you everyone who has left comments on, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  You're support keeps me posting.  We're almost at the end now, just two more chapters to go!
make use of that gun if I tried to tell you otherwise," he confirmed before he gaze slid over to Irene, who was still with them. "Go on ahead. I'll debrief with my agents, and meet you there." He reached out and rested his hand lightly on Sherlock's good shoulder for a moment, before rising, and moving to stand beside Irene.
John shifted in his seat and winced as his shoulder tensed. As much as he loved his new employment, long hours on hospital stools or bent over computers for documentation was not doing his shoulder any favors. Without, well, without Sherlock to run around with he was getting less exercise, which caused his muscles to stiffen, and increased the risk for cramps.
Her voice sounded wistful, and John gripped her shoulder meaningfully. Safety hadn't really featured in either of their lives in a long time... They both bore the physical and emotional scars of being reared by alcoholic parents.
Sherlock hadn't excepted more answers about Mr. Wallingford from his second son, not when the first and heir knew so little and Nathan had only recently turned his full attention back home. Still, Nathan's response made much of his character clear to Sherlock. He was more level headed than Bryan, due in part to the limited pressure of being a second son in a prestigious family, but he was sharp enough to see that more than everyday business had occupied Mr. Wallingford's last weeks...
John had to fight back the edges of a smile for a moment, because by God if a crime scene was no place to giggle a detox ward was beyond the pale. The thought only made the urge stronger and John bit the inside of his cheek to try to restore order. If Sherlock's influence on him was this pervasive...he might just have a problem...or something...
"But we confirmed that there is a dog fighting ring,
Dan's fist caught him full in the face and while he staggered, it was partly staged. He didn't want to push Susan back into the storefront, in fact he used the movement to place himself between them again The stagger also caught the attention of surrounding pedestrians. Sherlock licked his lips and tasted blood. It was hard not to smile, but he'd learned early on in his profession that you never tipped your hand too early.
: Love Forgives
"Sherlock!" Greg snapped. "So help me, I can turn around and just forget we have you here for the next week!"
time he saw it. His throat constricted for a moment, cutting off his air, and his eyes burned. 221 B and Sherlock had been his
"Sherlock isn't-" John started, and then corrected himself, "wasn't my boyfriend."
to see John, to know that he was unharmed.
It was not a question, but a musing statement. Or, perhaps John was reading fictitious tonality into the letters in addition to seeing the personality of his beloved flatmate in the neat, elegant scrawl. Maybe he was starting to lose his grip on things...
John nodded again, and then smiled ruefully. "I needed to sleep sometime, so I cut my hours." Resentment and self-doubt bubbled up inside John at the recollections. Sherlock had never asked for or even encouraged John's attentions, and still John had been so run away with his feelings, so resigned to a close friendship and partnership, that he'd willingly stretched himself thin for someone who, as it appeared, did not care about him in the slightest.
"Right, sorry. I'm listening. Where are we headed?"
John's fingers trembled as he placed them lightly on the grave. He was used to being a man of action, and this inability to act was more trying then he thought he could bear. As tempting as it was to plead, as he had pleaded that day so long ago, his words would not keep Sherlock alive, if was alive...
with me?" John spat the work 'love' like it was a curse.
Sherlock squinted irritably in the light of the flashing cameras. He shifted his weight and Lestrade's grip tightened on his elbow like a vice.
They passed a small but well organized kitchen, and slipped into what appeared to be a study or a home office. "Do we know what we're looking for?" John asked, closing the door behind them to promote the illusion of security.
"Have you got nesting materials?" John asked, blowing softly on his morning cup of tea.
John had experience standing watch, and focused on mentally listing the number of men that passed so that he would maintain good attention, and the one specific man he was looking for would not likely escape his notice. It was an easy routine to fall into, lulled by the clicking of the keyboard as Sherlock's fingers danced across it.
The ex army doctor shook his head and refocused, trying to look at the scene in front of him with new eyes. "You said that Mr. McAndrew has been here?"
Sherlock jerked away from him suddenly, straightening his shirt and tugging on his jacket and coat. "An elevated pulse is normal after an injury," he insisted tersely, not meeting John's eyes.
Chapter title says it all.  ^_^
Petia nodded. "I wanted out of government work, and I needed a way out of my country. Your government assisted me in return for information on my more unsavory colleagues." Petia's face was grim. "I know those men are no longer living because of what I said, but I have no guilty conscience."
"I hardly think they call it revelry, Sherlock," John retorted, slowly circling the edge of what was once a room. There really wasn't much left of the place, and John was at a loss to say if that was because of the fire, or the years and damage that had come afterwards. Where was there to even look? Sherlock was meticulously scanning the remaining walls, confirming his initial suspicions that nothing was buried here. The only thing that reached above their heads was the crumbling fireplace chimney.
Sherlock held his bow out and studied it in the glow of the streetlights below them. "A waltz for John, I suppose."
"Yes!" Mr. Miller cried, gesturing wildly. "That's exactly it! Only, nobody can see it but me!"
To love and to cherish
"He might be clever," John agreed, "But since when do you ever miss anything?"
"Hey," she said, smiling back. She slipped into the office and sat on a chair beside him. "How was your day?"
that he was switched at birth?" John asked, utterly lost.
Mr. Miller jumped to his feet, unable to keep still any longer. "But she
John glanced up into James's concerned brown eyes. "I'm sorry," James continued. "It's not really any of my business."
John glanced down at the birth records, which still rested in Sherlock's lap. "I imagine these are proof of the switched babies, but exactly, how do they factor in?"
"You can't wait a day!" Sherlock insisted. "He's been doing this for years, this is a family business. He
"I can't believe I'm doing this," John muttered to himself. The metal pipes of the scaffolding were cold in his hands as he scrambled down them, looking for some sign of Sherlock. There had been security at the dig site, but it had been frighteningly easy to avoid them.
Decay is composed of many smells: rot, mold, animal filth, and blood. All elements were strongly present in the basement of Mr. Werner's apartment complex. John turned away for a moment and covered his face with his palm. Being a doctor, John was used to all manner of unpleasantness, but this was an enclosed space with little ventilation, making the effect more powerful than normal. Sherlock's scarf was in his outstretched hand before he could properly think about it, and John took it gratefully, wrapping it around his nose and mouth.
Quiet. It had been so blissfully quiet. He hadn't had a quiet stretch between cases like this in years. But it wasn't the bad kind of quiet. It was a clam easy quiet that let him
John's chuckle turned into a gasped moan as Marcus descended on him.
he could do.
. More like servant.
Sherlock had stopped and stared, his hand already partially extended to reach for the tea, but John was used to all manner of odd behavior, and had simply leaned forward to place the warm mug in Sherlock's hand. Sherlock had reflexively lifted the mug and drank from it. It was exactly as he liked it. John, meanwhile, had returned to contentedly perusing the morning paper and nibbling on his toast. There was a plate for Sherlock as well, but John hadn't commented on it. Even Sherlock was hungry after a case, and would usually eat with no nagging required. Sherlock sat, but he hadn't been able to make himself eat.
John frowned and leaned forward a bit in his seat. "What was the matter?"
Mycroft nodded, humor glittering in his eyes. "You
you're willing to deal with the heats again.
Sherlock gasped every time he felt the scrape of teeth, but danger, implied or otherwise, had always appealed to him.
The truth was, John had become more than a little attached to what remained of his best friend. John had even taken to wearing Sherlock's scarves in the winter.
"That door," Mary continued, pointing to the door in the opposite corner, "Is the guest bedroom, your room if you chose to stay. And that door," she shifted her finger to the other door in the right wall, "is the bathroom."
Laurali accepted his hand, and shook it. "Laurali Owens, nice to meet you."
John chuckled. "If only I could get someone to put a muzzle on him."
been working pretty hard since he'd started here. He was settled now, and there was more to life than work.
John stayed pressed firmly into Sherlock for a long moment before easing himself down against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock's fingers swept possessively over John's back as he cradled the ex-army doctor against him.
There was silence for a moment and, not for the first time, Greg was caught in an uncomfortable position. Sherlock had been right
The hint of a pout pushed our Sherlock's bottom lip a bit. "I do when you ask me directly."
Marcus eased back slightly, chuckling. "I'm flexible, but I'm not an acrobat. I'll need to stand up for that."
Mycroft had said very recently that he hadn't worried about Sherlock half as much as he used to since 'Dr. Watson established himself at 221 B' and Greg had readily agreed John had been a fixture in Sherlock's life for so long that Greg had almost forgotten what it was like before, chasing Sherlock into filthy houses, dragging him to the hospital, and waiting in utter silence with Mycroft, listening to the heart monitors lonely beeping. Lestrade frowned and shook himself, unsettled by the long buried memories resurrected with such sharp clarity. He pulled out his phone and immediately sent John a series of texts.
Mr. Wallingford had done something nearly unthinkable in rich and well connected families. He had married for love…well, lust anyway. Most likely Mrs. Wallingford was a woman from a middle class family that had just enough connections to make the marriage permissible. She likely had a stylist and several other staff dedicated to making her as refined and 'presentable' as possible. Whether Mr. Wallingford had continued to love his wife or not would need to wait for the examination of the body, but his wife had clearly loved him.
John's eyes widened and, despite himself, he found the smirk dancing around the edges of Sherlock's mouth contagious. He bit back a chuckle and looked sternly at his flatmate. He was
John was expecting more of a fight, he was expecting a temper tantrum if he was honest, but Sherlock simply looked up at him, then over to Mary who started edging her hands onto the keyboard as Sherlock's left them. Sherlock even vacated his seat, without much protest, allowing Mary to slide into place almost seamlessly. John's mouth fell slightly open as he watched the exchange. Sherlock
James seemed to understand because he leaned back on the table behind him and crossed his arms. "How's she doing?"
"John Watson, look at me." Mary's words were sharp.
"He has had
One month of their two month reprieve had already elapsed, and they were both recovering nicely. Sherlock needed the cane now, legitimately, but it was only temporary. His capacity for healing defied the odds, much like everything else about him.
Tim's brows furrowed, and he looked thoughtful. Perhaps he had never considered that before, but whether he chose family medicine, or pediatrics, John felt confident Tim could be a skilled physician. It was just up to him to see it through.
He almost jumped when Mary spoke again, her voice close to his ear. "You don't need to think about it that hard, John. I wasn't offering a massage with a happy ending."
"But, I..." Sherlock started. Even if he had wondered about, hoped and dreaded John mating with him, he knew he couldn't give John the things he really deserved...it wasn't right.
Eva lifted her head from her knees and turned it to smile at Harry. "Yes, thank you." Her face was drawn and pinched. Harry was drawing breath to protest that Eva was
The nobleman strode off in a huff, muttering about incompetence and disappointments.
The cabbie shook his head and gestured wildly at the mountain, "Did you see? Is the train hit?"
in love with John Watson, and as painful as it may be, he was
"I recently left a position at a surgery, in order to start my own practice," he confided with a sly grin.
did I agree to help you
Once again, as soon as they pulled up to 221 B Sherlock dashed out, leaving John to settle the bill. Scowling, John marched up the steps to their flat. "Are you going to do that
"Hey, you shouldn't do that!" Mr. Werner called loudly, jogging over to where Sherlock stood. "You'll frighten the beasts." His tone was reprimanding, but his stance and inflection was a good deal less angry than he had been. It was a protest only for show.
," he insisted, gesturing to Sherlock's food. "I already told you that would won't get out of dinner by acting petulant.
"Well, orphans are, generally, poor," Sherlock interjected.
Shitzu would quail in terror form a
...it just had to be.
If he stopped the suppressants now, and bonded with an alpha in short order, he would live. If he continued taking the suppressants...he would start an unstoppable decline...
"Right," John said, taking control. "You're going to feel my fingers in a moment; I want to check if I can feel the baby's head. Sherlock, come down here in case I need you." John began to probe, and nodded when his fingers made contact. "I can feel the head. Given your back pain, you've probably been in labor since this afternoon, maybe earlier. The baby's head must have broken your water. He's in a good position. When you feel a contraction coming, you can push."
Evelyn ducked her head for a moment, a blush sweeping over her pale cheeks, and Sherlock smiled. He had made her comfortable, amazed her, and flattered her. She would tell him everything she could.
Greg nodded thoughtfully. "I will have to bring this information to my supervisors," he said slowly. "They will need to know the truth, and then we can explore our options."
"That's why you started cutting back hours at the surgery?" Mary asked "Because of the time you spent with Sherlock?"
Eric shrugged. "It makes a big difference when there are good physicians organizing the efforts of the interns."
"That last day," Molly pressed on, tears brimming softly behind her eyelids, "he came to me. He...he told me that he thought he might die soon." Molly sucked in a breath that was half a sob and pressed trembling fingers to her lips.
John drew the fabric aside, and lost all his composure.
Sherlock began to walk faster. "Hurry or we'll miss the cab."
John smiled in understanding and moved his body over Marcus's, kissing him. Marcus arched up into him, moaning softly and John settled part of his weight on him. "Lube?" John asked between kisses.
"What was he afraid of?" Sherlock pressed, leaning forward into his usual, thinking pose.
John's mouth formed a grim line, and he bent to help the other two, flinging sand out to the side in an effort to prevent it from spilling back in on itself more than it already did. Toby gave another short yip just as Sherlock's fingers closed around what was most likely a clump of hair. Sherlock tugged to test the strength of the fibers he could feel, but not yet see in the dim light, and paused when he felt a greater sifting in the sand than he expected. He extended both his hands to encircle the head, and lifted. It came without much resistance, nothing else attached.
Sherlock, John's queen still cupped in his palm, maneuvered his knight, putting John into check mate. "Game," he murmured softly, using John's queen to tip over John's king.
?" Sherlock snapped back.
"Attacking the police consultant will not bode well for you in the investigation," Sherlock murmured. He hardly needed to speak up, Bryan was still pressed menacingly over his personal space.
John shook his head at himself and at the way Sherlock had pulled everything together so neatly. "Brilliant. I knew you'd figure it out."
lit under him when he was working that if you could get a few steps ahead of him (physically) it usually helped you keep up.
Eric smiled in a humorless way that told John it would be a lot longer until he could rest. That was the nature of being in charge. John understood it, but he still hoped Eric wouldn't push himself too hard. Every leader needed to take time for themselves or they wouldn't be the only ones who suffered.
Sherlock snorted derisively. "What do you have that I could
John's smile grew, growing almost smug. "Good. Sore, but I'll live."
If Sherlock loved John less he might try, but the more he considered his own feelings, in the deepest part of his mind palace, the more he recognized the depth of his affection and devotion. John
"That's why you joined the army, then? To make sure no one was
At least Sherlock wasn't doing anything more annoying than typing away on his computer.  Then that also stopped.  Fine.  Silence was good.
"Sometimes," James agreed.
When they neared the far corner of the room Sherlock halted again. There was another apparatus here, but it looked rougher around the edges. It was pressed tightly against the side of a much larger metal rectangular box, with a short pipe connecting them both. Sherlock stared for a moment, before ripping his face mask off and sniffing the air. Despite Mary and John's shouted protests, Sherlock knelt beside the smaller apparatus, and sniffed again. This time he pulled away coughing and struggled to fix his breathing mask back into place.
He remembered when Mycroft had stopped by the flat to pick up John's first letter to Alexander. Mycroft had knocked as before, John had opened the door and handed him the letter. Mycroft had nodded as though this was what he'd been expecting and put the letter in his jacket pocket. That had been almost three weeks ago.
John blinked, not sure how to respond.
Sherlock nodded sharply, and he and John were finally allowed to make their way outside. John was sullen and mute at they collected their belongings. He intended not to say another word to Sherlock for the rest of the day, or ever, if he could get away with it. Right now, all he wanted was to crawl under the covers and shut out the world…God, he was so tired...
His time to choose was up.
John blinked and looked over at Mary. "I'm sorry for dragging you out here."
Tedious… the word was ruined for him forever
At length she seemed to steady herself and leaned back to gather some tissues from the box on the desk. John remained kneeling beside her, swiveling the rolling chair back around to face his laptop. "Go on," he urged. "Show me what you like about this one."
"I can't promise that I always would," Sherlock murmured in reply as John's fingers began to massage in the oil.
"Huh," John murmured, looking back at his glass. He'd heard of people who could distinguish smells and flavors like that. Sometimes it was a genetic advantage, other times it was the result of hard work and study, but the idea of such easy detection made him think of Sherlock.
Nikki's reply came two minutes later.
John rolled his eyes. "Yeah, well, don't eat dirt."
Mrs. Hudson, thankfully, made no appearance as they entered. Hopefully she was sleeping. John genuinely enjoyed her company most of the time, but tonight had been straining to the point that he doubted he'd be any more gracious than Sherlock normally was about small talk.
it, he wanted it
John's words had been stuck in his head for
James looked at him skeptically. "Sometimes, I wonder if you do. As a doctor, a solider, and a brother, you've had to be strong for so many people. You don't need to be strong all the time."
Bryan's face flushed a livid red and his jaw muscles clenched. "We have NOTHING to lie about!"
you in the process..."
"Let me see him," Laurali insisted, holding out her arms to receive her son. John immediately relinquished him, blinking back tears. "Hello Bryan Hamish Holmes," the new mother whispered. "Happy Birthday."
Sherlock, smiling in apparent satisfaction, lowered his hands. Ilia had stumbled over the word, "was," there was no mistaking it. There had been the slightest hesitation that he was certain had nothing to do with Ilia's lingering accent. "I did not ask if anyone shot
John sputtered, very grateful he'd just set his tea down. "Excuse me?!"
John nodded and went to work on the book shelf on the opposite side of the room, mentally reviewing the cause of death for Mr. McAndrew's first three wives as he did so. He would never measure up to Sherlock, but he'd like not to be
"Baby and mom seem healthy," John reported. "There were no complications, and the APGAR score was nine. Give us a minute to clean the baby and deliver the placenta, then you can take them to the hospital."
"You handled that quite smoothly, Dr. Watson. Are you used to difficult patients?"
"Don't forget to breathe." The words were soft, and as he heard them John was aware of Mary's hand on his, gently squeezing.
It had been a long time since anyone had even insinuated that he was dating someone who wasn't Sherlock, and equally as long since he'd considered dating anyone else. He'd learned a lot about Mary in the past few weeks, and he was certain he'd only scratched the surface. She was beautiful, intelligent, loyal, and kind, all qualities he admired.
"I'm sure it will be delicious," John replied, trying to pretend that at least some of this was normal. Would Sherlock actually eat? John so rarely witnessed the act. Then again this was an elegant restaurant, and not eating
Sherlock groaned miserably. "Everything is sooo
of patient and wealthy clients...
Turning, John wiped his hands down the front of his jeans, and reached to take the letter from Mycroft. "Your nose is looking better," John commented with a grin.
John nodded. "Sherlock might not have been to the morgue recently, but he's been using the labs. I met him there roughly three weeks ago."
"You had better hope the owners of this place are the understanding type," Sally added with a smirk, gently cuffing John while her Detective Inspector strong armed the world's only consulting detective into his own pair of cuffs.
John smiled when Odette made her appearance, twirling out of the 'water' around stage, then dancing together with Prince Siegfried. He didn't know if the actors were in love, but they played their parts well. They seemed joyous and carefree, utterly oblivious to the trails that await them.
"If you're still offering, a massage probably would help."
John's eyes widened and he flushed, realizing how he must have sounded. "No! I, uh, I just meant this doesn't seem like a politically focused place."
John clenched his jaw shut and pushed his head back into the headrest of the seat. The scenery displayed in the large windows of the train was utterly lost on him. He was on his way to his sister, but his mind was trapped in 221 B Baker Street, trying to figure out why he felt so betrayed...
As soon as the owner's back was turned John rested his elbows on the table, his head in his hands, and groaned softly, "I'm
"I'll be glad to have Harry back soon," John murmured, trying for a change of topic. He was glad, really. His sister's illness had been the genesis of this whole arrangement… John would never have believed, especially in the beginning, that he would ever grow to miss the idea of being Sherlock Holmes' flatmate and blogger, but now that the end was near…he did.
This afternoon John most certainly would have gloated at such an admission, and made a show about how he needed to mark the calendar, but now the gray pallor of Sherlock's skin had him worried. The good doctor crept across their floor and leaned over the world's only consulting detective. John pressed his hand against Sherlock's arm, frowned, and slid his hand up over Sherlock's shoulder and along his neck, just under the jaw, feeling his swollen lymph nodes.
"That morphine dressed as Narcan could have been given to anyone," John agreed, "That's a bad practice if you're after a specific person."
friends, did he? He had them, even if he didn't want to admit it. Greg Lestrade was his friend, even if Sherlock continually drove him up a wall, stole his ID, and pretended not to remember his name. Mrs. Hudson was a friend, almost like a mother to him. Sherlock Holmes was certainly not an easy man to get to know, and John wondered if he could really count himself amongst those who know him best. They'd spent a fairly intensive six months together, but that was still only six months…
John chuckled. He knew Alexander was only trying to get more of a sense of who he was, but it felt like he was being 'deduced' all over again.
guess to check inside a coffin that is already buried and occupied."
"Must we, Ilia?" The thin woman whimpered, looking up at her companion, who nodded down at her.
sympathetic but wouldn't feel bad about terminating Nicole's employment with the Royal Opera House because her injury would leave her unable to fill her chair for several months. The man's tone and expression made everything painfully obvious.
John stared after he retreating back, open mouthed, only just managing to call after her, "He's not my boyfriend!"
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
Sherlock took the water glass and handed John a small cup of mouthwash.  John gave a fatigued smile of thanks before rinsing his mouth out once more.  He knew the mouth wash was for his comfort, not Sherlock's.  Sherlock had the iron stomach of a doctor after all his experiments and all the crime scenes he's witnessed.
heard of your reputation, and I would not doubt you capable of ignoring all respectable protocols." Her voice grew firmer, and her back straighter with each word and her righteous indignation returned.
Mary ended up covering the mark on his neck the next three times John worked at the surgery, for which John was both grateful and embarrassed. She never seemed to judge him, insisting each time he blushed that he was an adult and capable of making his own decisions.
John's smile turned wistful. "That they are."
Sherlock stiffened, then looked at him oddly. "You think so?"
John returned Sherlock's barely there smile with a ghost of his own and gently squeezed the forearm under his palm.
"Johnny?" Harry asked, stepping a bit closer with a worried expression on her face.
Sherlock remembered one afternoon at the close of a particularly fulfilling case when he'd observed Mycroft hand Lestrade an umbrella. It was one of Mycroft's, which was all the more shocking because Mycroft was very particular about objects which belonged to him. That umbrella, and Lestrade's divorce, finalized six months prior, told Sherlock everything he needed to know.
James held out Harriet's letter, which had apparently also fallen out of his jacket pocket. "I caught a glimpse of her signature before I picked it up."
John took another long sip of tea before answering. The readers of his blog always accused him of making up these conversations. He wondered if he should start videotaping them... At length he replied, "I suppose I would climb over the railing first, turn around so that I could see what I was doing, then jump off."
Her excitement was obvious, at least to Sherlock. She missed her work, her
, but he looked
"It might not work," Sherlock replied, turning his head to meet John's gaze. Sherlock's fingers tightened over John's as a wave of possessiveness welled up inside him.
"We found it wedged inside the flue at the burned remains of Mr. McAndrew's former house," Sherlock explained, leaning forward so that his elbows rested on his knees. His eyes tracked Miss. William's movements avidly, waiting for the dawning horror he knew would come to her delicate features, if she had any sense that was.
way to die of a broken heart," she murmured as he pulled her back to her feet. "I've just poisoned you, Mr. Holmes."
Sherlock, who had looked over his shoulder at the contents of his desk, turned back, looking perplexed. "Yes, seriously. I don't joke about experiment supplies. The first case is over. It wasn't
Sherlock had been back to solving cases for three months now, and he was beginning to crystallize on an idea that had only been fleeting before his poisoning. There was a pattern to his work that was finally becoming clear to him. There was something,
John squared his shoulders and went in, angry at himself for waiting this long. Greg and he were going to talk about Sherlock at some point, it was inevitable, and as much as the topic pained him, John Watson was not in the habit of running away from his problems.
John was silent for a while, but his breathing had quickened with his anger.
organized. Sherlock had surreptitiously peered into her purse during his many comings and goings and he highly suspected her wallet was alphabetized. She had a good sense of accounting too, as Mr. Wallingford wouldn't have tolerated her frequent efforts in his business if that weren't the case. She had probably grown up expecting to work for a living, unlike many of the women Mr. Wallingford could have married, and Mrs. Wallingford had made a point of doing so. Not being forced to work, however, had allowed Mrs. Wallingford to have an active hand in raising her three children as well; they all exhibited mannerisms and expressions which mirrored her own. She was certainly no murderess...
John just barely heard Greg shout, "Sherlock, don't do anything stu-" before Sherlock ended the call.
A man and a woman rushed up and pushed at the car, trying to free the pinned woman while she half crouched, still cradling her violin case to her chest. Her face was pulled taunt, and several strands of her brown hair, which had been pulled up into a tight bun, had fallen loose to frame her agonized expression. Both the radius and ulna had been fractured, that much was obvious to Sherlock from five feet away, but the woman made no sound.
"I'll let you sleep if you're tired, but we do need to talk, Sherlock." John insisted. "I love you, and we need to decide where to go from here."
John sighed and sipped his wine. He had spent so much time in the last few weeks simultaneously consumed with thoughts of Sherlock, and wanting to be able to forget he'd ever existed. He avoided the gossip as much as he could. He also hadn't called Lestrade or anyone whom he'd met in conjunction with Sherlock because his...exile had been too recent. John badly needed some distance, but there was only so much distance he could have in London, or in Europe in general. Sherlock did have an international reputation after all.
"This might not be in his jurisdiction, Sherlock," John warned, but he put on his jacket anyway.
~*~*~*~
John swung his legs over the edge of the bed and stretched. His muscles were sore from his work and his limited rest. His concentration hadn't suffered and neither did his bedside manner, when he concentrated. He wasn't painfully sleep deprived, but he was uncomfortable. It would pass, though. It would have to.
"Fine," Sherlock sighed, gently shrugging out of his Belstaff and suit jacket. He started to work on the buttons of his oxford shirt, but John smacked his hands away and took over, convinced Sherlock would make things worse in his impatience. Greg raised a curious eyebrow before refocusing on the world's only consulting detective.
think he is going to let this go?"
promises. Understood?"
a plan, John wasn't to be privy to it just yet. He was lucky Sherlock had given him enough warning about their dinner to put on a nice suit. John suspected that, walking into such an extravagant restaurant in a sweater wouldn't have thrown off his precious plan, he might have let John do so, for the sole purpose of savoring his embarrassment.
. "I'll make sure not to overindulge then. Something tells me it's going to be a long...energetic night."
This has been a wonderful ride, thank you so much everyone for your support and encouragement. The story is not quite over yet, there will be an epilogue next week, and the authors note there will contain sneak peeks of my next two works. I hope you will stay with me through next weeks epilogue and, if any of my upcoming works interest you, that you'll keep an eye out for them. Thank you for your support!  ^_^
"Be my blogger, Dr. Watson, and I'll make sure Harriet is in treatment by the end of the week."
Mary's smile never left her, and yet her expression became more thoughtful, knowing. John was about to ask her what she was thinking when the lights flickered, indicating the show was about to start.
John sighed softly, reminded all over again of Sherlock and his own thoughts earlier today. "I suppose I do."
John opened the lube and spread a liberal amount on his fingers before looking up to meet Marcus's hungry gaze. Marcus rested his hands on John's shoulders and leaned forward to kiss him. John kissed back enthusiastically, one hand curling around Marcus's erection, and the other searching out his entrance. When John's finger connected with the tight ring of muscle he felt it fluttering under his finger. Gently, John pressed against the muscle, and slid inside.
no one will be injured."
John blinked a few times then shook his head. "Are you saying it's never been seen before?"
They searched every book in the study, the living room, and the bedroom to no result, so Sherlock returned to the study to hack Mr. McAndrew's computer. "I would have thought any record he kept would be hand written," Sherlock mused, booting up the expensive computer. "He's an old-fashioned sort of person, and hand-written things tend to add to sentiment, for those who are so disposed to such nonsense."
Twin faces of worry met his gaze as soon as he stepped into the room. Both Mr. Morris and Janet rose immediately and walked towards him. Janet's eyes were filled with tears before he even spoke.
"It is a reasonable inference given her expression when you called her by her given name. Although there is a ten percent chance she objects to your company in general. Shall we get started?" Sherlock eased past Mr. Walker and into his office. He set down Nikki's violin case on his desk and pulled out the violin while Mr. Walker continued to gawk and sputter at him from the doorway to his own office.
help, but he didn't want to muddy the waters between them, especially not after tonight's conversation. Mary was his flatmate and she was becoming a good friend. He needed both in his life without any added complication right now.
paler than usual. There was more to this than he'd let on.
She brought one of her gloved hands before his face. In it, she held an empty syringe which held the smallest trace of blood on the tip. In a swift movement, she capped the needle and leaned forward to slide the syringe into his jacket pocket. Her breath brushed his ear as she spoke. "The only antidote that will save you, are the very chemicals your own body releases when you are in love."
a case. This… there was no hiding what this was, and Sherlock couldn't bring himself to care. He was in love with John and he'd sent him away. It was common for people to make misguided efforts to appease absent or deceased loved ones, despite how illogical such actions often where. If Sherlock wasn't impervious to falling in love then why should he be any different?
! He drew in breath to argue, and let it out again in a frustrated rush. Sherlock was too far away to hear him now, and he wouldn't stop even if he could.
John pretended not to hear the unspoken, "
"Miss. Williams," Sherlock tried again, his voice strained with irritation. "Please be reasonable. You can't ignore the evidence." It had taken a great deal of effort for John to convince Sherlock to
There were the nerves too, the fear that things would be forced upon him, mingled with the excitement at finally being this close. John was patient, coaxing Sherlock to distraction with his languid caresses and thorough kisses, never hinting at wanting anything more...except for the growing hardness pressing up into him.
John paused at the edge of the aisle, just before the few steps up to the coffin. He was acutely aware of Sherlock's presence close to his left, but John couldn't look at him right now. John took a deep breath and mounted the steps to give Mary his last goodbye.
he was sure of anymore.
~*~*~*~
It was almost enough that John didn't want to punch the elder Holmes brother anymore...almost. While he had not yet realigned Mycroft's perfectly healed nose, John had often verbalized the threat. Mycroft's only reply's had wry smirks.
Greetings my lovely readers.  I don't thinks this author's note will be quite up to snuff, but that's what happens when I have to work overtime...
"Time for dinner, Sherlock."
Sherlock pulled him into a short, sharp kiss before replying, "Naturally. Now hurry up, John. We're about to miss our ride."
John stared at her, mouth agape, and breaths coming in quick succession. If Mrs. Hudson hadn't been looking at him so earnestly, he might've laughed. "We're
Susan worried her bottom lip thoughtfully for a moment before nodding and opening the garden gate. "The sooner we can put this whole thing behind us, the better."
, once the paramedics arrived, I went on my way and thought no more about it. That, is, however, until he showed up at my flat. He had some misplaced gratitude to express."
"If I don't stop now, the damage will be permanent," Sherlock murmured, both wanting John to know, and wanting to pull the words back as he said them.
John supposed she did have a point about that. "Okay, pull your feet back, and part your knees for me," John instructed. Laurali did as she was told, bracing herself against the headboard and her husband's side. John reached forward and gently parted her labia, frowning as he did so. She was fully dilated. "Laurali, have you had contractions before now?" he asked.
"Sherlock," Greg said sternly.
"E-excuse me?" John choked, sitting bolt upright.
a consulting detective, he
Sherlock shook his head, "They weren't specific, but if we're going to get any evidence, now is the time to do so."
John walked over to two chairs in the corner, separated only by a small table, and Tim followed him. They sat and John placed his folded hands on the table, leaning forward slightly. "What happened?"
When his legs regain their previous structural integrity, Holmes reaches up to grab at Watson's shoulder. He sees the flicker of realisation in Watson's eyes as he keys what Holmes is about to do. With a move used more for wrestling than sex, Holmes rolls them over and gets a mouthful of whiskey-tasting air as he lands heavily on Watson's chest and the doctor exhales into his mouth.
They get home, Watson stumbling up the steps to their front door while Holmes fumbles for his key. Watson hugs him from behind, burying his nose in the detective's neck. Holmes pulls away and steps inside. He's just shut the door behind them when Watson pins him to the wall, kissing him so hard Holmes can make out the fiery taste of alcohol on his tongue. Holmes can feel Watson hard against his thigh and it arouses him immensely. There's no point pretending he doesn't badly want Watson—in every sense of the word.
"I'm not checking your pulse every minute just to make sure you're alive."
While he's explores every corner of Watson's mouth, Holmes is stroking his lover's cock, trying to coax out a moan. On instinct he tightens his grip and Watson throws his head back, breaking the kiss and moaning at the top of his lungs. Holmes grins, lust shooting through his entire body at the sound. He kisses Watson's throat and strokes him harder and faster, running his thumb over the tip, doing everything he does to himself late at night, knowing it feels just as good if not better for Watson.
Holmes twists his head to press a kiss to Watson's hand. Watson cautiously runs his thumb across the detective's lips, tracing them softly. His stomach is in knots as he leans down. His heart is in his throat as Holmes twists to face him. His pulse is skyrocketing as their mouths touch hesitantly. The way they're sat doesn't allow for more than gently lip-bumping. It's awkward and timid on both ends, and very chaste, but it leaves both of them breathless. Watson pulls away, a soft smile playing on his lips. Holmes mirrors his smile and he looks away, blushing. The detective rests his head back on the doctor's thigh, evidently very pleased. Watson feels him grin against his leg. He too can't help a smile spread across his face.
Holmes licks his lips. "That doesn't sound so bad."
"You smell so good, Holmes, you know that?" Watson rambles loudly. Holmes blushes and presses a hand to the doctor's mouth to shut him up. Watson presses wet hot kisses to his palm. The detective sighs.
Blinking away his thoughts, Holmes hails a cab and helps Watson into it.
"Watson... bed," Holmes' voice trembles, and Watson captured his mouth in his own once again.
It doesn't take long for someone as experienced as Watson—he's had to stitch Holmes up multiple times. He's cleaning up the blood that's oozed out when Holmes' breathing slows. With a jolt of panic he realises Holmes is asleep.
Holmes scrunches his nose. "You didn't have to hit me." He mutters.
"It wasn't supposed to be difficult, he wasn't a particularly intelligent criminal," the detective huffs.
"What am I supposed to do instead?" Watson's heart misses a beat when Holmes' voice echoes in his room. He sits up and glares at Holmes, who's leaning against the doorframe smirking down at him, his violin in one hand, the bow in the other.
"John..." Holmes whimpers and Watson bites down on his collarbone. The doctor strokes down his chest, lightly rolling his thumb over Holmes' nipple. The detective jerks under him, letting out a gasp. Watson grins and lets his hand continue travelling down his lover's body. He traces light circles below Holmes' navel and the detective giggles, pushing Watson's hand away playfully. Watson laughs too and presses his mouth to Holmes' again. It almost distracts Watson from the knot of heat in his stomach. Almost—while they kiss, he puts his hand back on Holmes' abdomen. His partner's skin is searing hot to touch, the kind that only appears when he's aching for Watson, both body and mind. It spurs him on, and he moves his hand between the detective's legs. Holmes moans into Watson's mouth and the doctor pulls away to watch him. The gentle brushing of Watson's fingers over his trousers is enough for his legs to go weak. He's glad he's lying down, for if he were still stood up his knees would surely have buckled with pleasure. He tries to lift his head. He wants to watch this, to watch Watson pleasure him, but when Watson touches him, his head firmly presses back of its own accord.
The detective lets the violin slips from his hand and he slides into Watson's bed, despite the doctor's protests— "You have your own bed!" "I prefer yours." —and pulls Watson tight. The detective kisses Watson's neck, teasing the skin there until Watson turns to kiss his mouth. Holmes is hungry and lustful and he kisses Watson with vigour, exploring his mouth with his tongue. Watson lets him; he's too tired to argue, and besides, it's rather pleasant tasting Holmes on his tongue. The doctor pulls back a little and Holmes' kisses land on his chin.
"I love you," he murmurs.
Watson is reading in his chair when Holmes staggers in. The detective is clutching his chest, red seeping through his fingers. His face is pale and his eyes are barely focused. Watson discards his paper immediately and rushes to his friend's side. He gets there just as Holmes collapses. He slips his arms under Holmes' and drags him onto the couch.
"Oh no you don't," Watson whispers and slaps Holmes across the face. The detective wakes up with a jerk and a yelp. He scowls at Watson.
Watson sighs and tears his eyes from Holmes. He won't be able to sleep tonight.
It's been a few months since they first kissed and a few weeks since Watson broke off his engagement with Mary. His and Holmes' relationship hasn't changed all that much. Watson still scolds Holmes for getting into scraps with criminals, but now when he tends to the detective's wounds there's a certain tenderness that wasn't there before. Holmes still drives Watson up the wall with his overall arrogance and snarky comments, but now it takes barely a smile to successfully override his annoyance.
Holmes yawns again. "If that's what my doctor orders." He rests his head on Watson's shoulder, rubbing his cheek on the rough fabric of Watson's coat. Watson blinks forcefully, trying to clear his head. He turns to look at the back of Holmes head. He resists the urge to touch his friend's dark curls. Why does I keep being lead into these situations? He thinks. Why do I keep letting him do this to me? He knows the answer, of course. But he won't admit it, even to himself. It's too dangerous.
"You can sleep if you need to," Watson says evenly. He's trying not to let Holmes hear how annoyed he is. It doesn't work.
"Is it working?"
Watson smirks and pulls his hand away. Holmes takes a shaky breath. He gazes at Watson through his lashes, looking at his lover straddled above him, smiling smugly down at him. He knows that Watson can bring him to edge within a few minutes, and he knows that Watson knows this too. His lover blinks at him, giving him a moment to recover with shuddery breaths.
"And you're absolutely not getting any morphine."
First he slaps Holmes' shoulder at a joke, but his hand stays there. Holmes doesn't comment. He knows Watson loses his inhibitions a little when he's drunk. Then Watson's hand moves to his knee to steady himself, and again his hand doesn't retreat. Holmes shoots him a look which Watson pointedly ignores. Next, up his leg, rubbing the detective's thigh. Holmes casts his eyes around the room. No one's paying attention to them. He swallows nervously anyway. When Watson moves his hand between his legs, Holmes shoots up, not willing to play this dangerous game in public.
"Good lord Watson," he splutters, "I'll be spent soon if you keep that up."
They've just destroyed a boat and have been thrown into custody for the night in return. They're sat next to each other, facing different directions, and Holmes can't stop yawning.
"Sleep, maybe?" Watson crosses his arms, scowling. Holmes tilts his head to one side.
"Right, because only smart criminals carry knives, so there was no need to worry," Watson says sarcastically. He presses a clean tissue to the cut, which is still bleeding heavily. "This needs stitches." He glares at the detective. "And you're only getting local anaesthetic."
Watson is a little disappointed when instead of dirtying his skin with sucked bruises and bites, Holmes simply sighs and rests his head on his chest. But he doesn't really mind, and reaches one hand to cover Holmes'. He threads their fingers together and brings their hands to his mouth. He kisses Holmes' knuckles, then turns their hands over and kisses his palm. Holmes exhales, pleased, and closes his eyes. He must have been more tired than Watson thought, because after only a few minutes, Holmes is snoring lightly on his chest. Watson rubs his back and shuts his own eyes. I guess we're sleeping here tonight, he thinks.
hard to move forward, but Mary, one of his newest friends, had seen through him in an instant.
"Is there a problem?" Sherlock turned his head towards Mr. Walker who had heard Nikki's shouting and was now rapidly approaching him.
His daughter grimaced for a few moments, trying to breathe through a contraction. Alex's eyes widened in pain as she clamped down on his hand and he muttered a quiet, "Ow…"
Tears filled her eyes. "But—" she began, and Sherlock cut her off.
but here!" The tears would come now, and the sniveling.
Less than a minute later, Marcus gasped, "Another one, please!"
As soon as he was outside, John phoned Mary.
John shook himself as he slipped inside 221 B, and closed the door behind him. Normally they kept the door to their flat open, Mrs. Hudson and clients were always welcome, but the temperature had fallen so low overnight that John had made a point of keeping it shut today. It would save on the heating bill, and Sherlock didn't need a chill right now.
Ms. Wallingford lifted her eyes to his, spied his proffered arm and smiled slightly. Her gaze started to shift to her brothers, then halted, and fixed on her mother instead. Mrs. Wallingford nodded and reached her arms out to her daughter, pulling her from her seat. "Yes, come along, dear. Mr. Holmes will help us get to the bottom of this, I'm certain. He is very thorough."
Sherlock's lips quirked up in a brief but honest smile. "Well, you are more stubborn than I expected at first. Time
Sherlock could smell John's fear now, and slowly blinked his eyes open. The tension which had gripped his own muscles began to ease as he took in the stricken expression of his long time flatmate. John was kneeling in front of him, his hand resting lightly on Sherlock's calf.
~*~*~*~
: Good Intentions
"I haven't," John cut her off. Her words stung, but he refused to let his emotions get the better of him. Not now. "Quite the opposite, actually."
He finished the soup and the water, then settled back into the sofa with a small sigh. He felt better. Not healed, that was impossible, but this was the first time in a long while that he'd felt...comfortable... It made no sense tracking the progression of his illness any longer, all his mental energy needed to be focused on new cases, and any ways in which they may relate to his ultimate case. He was
She drew her knees up to her chest and sunk her head down to rest against them. "I'm all alone," she moaned.
15: Clarity
This wasn't so unusual, there was always a certain amount of nonsense to slog through on his website. This nonsense was just centered unnecessarily around recent events.
remember John's typical drink order. In this present moment, still wandering the cold damp streets of London because his brother and Lestrade were waiting for him back at 221 B, eager to express their 'concern' in person, Sherlock wished
John, who had originally thought that Sherlock was being cheerful to be snide eyed the consulting detective suspiciously. He
She pulled back and slipped away from him. He stood alone on the dance floor, stationary in a sea of moving couples, and watched her leave the building.
"And you fight your own battles," James mused.
Sherlock nodded in understanding. "Ah, I assume the media has swarmed Ms. Owens orphanage facility?"
need the encouragement... even if it was funny.
Greg shrugged, his hands still slightly raised in a gesture of surrender. "If you say so."
The Detective Inspector shook his head sadly as they walked. "That poor girl."
. He wanted a chance he'd never let himself take, a connection he'd severed, a heart he had absolutely no right to…
The world's only consulting detective reached forward and yanked John forcefully into an alcove that served as the front entrance of a local shop. John came willingly, only mildly surprised. The ex-army doctor pressed himself close, correctly assuming that Sherlock had meant to hide them from view. "Mr. McAndrew is arriving?" John asked, his breath ghosting over Sherlock's ear. Sherlock nodded, ignoring the goose bumps spreading down his neck and along his spine.
"Right," John ground out, forcing himself to walk to his upstairs bedroom with the appearance of relative calmness. He was
But if that were the case, why would she pursue him personally during with Dwight case? And wearing an identifying piece of jewelry no less? No, it didn't fit for someone that clever. Sherlock's pursuit of this spider might very well have been noticed, he
John frowned, his expression softening. "I don't want the two of you to fight about this. It's…well it's done, but I haven't seen you so happy in a long time."
"I understand," Eric replied, slowly and reluctantly lifting John's resignation letter off his desk. "I'll hang on to this, but I do want to talk to you about this before it's processed. Are you free tomorrow?"
hadn't made his own tea in a long time.
Sherlock moved towards his violin and began to rosin the bow so that he would have something to do with his hands. He heard John turn and stride up the stairs to his bedroom. He tracked John's footfalls as he collected his belongings in a small overnight bag. He counted the 13 steps as John tread them to make his way back to the living room.
about him anymore, but he couldn't seem to help himself, especially when Sherlock was acting so strangely... He never panicked under pressure, he always demanded someone else get his phone, and he
John looked around and took a sip of his wine before answering. "It's very relaxing." It was an eerily good fit, so much so that it made John cautious. Mary, in many ways, appeared to be everything Sherlock wasn't. She was calm, friendly, and welcoming. But, John also perceived, she was more than met the eye, and this interested him too. If Sherlock had taught him anything, it was that he didn't like simple. He'd never had a woman for a flatmate, not that he thought it would be a problem. He was still hung up on Sherlock, and she was adamantly attached to her late husband. In a way, they made a good pair.
"Naturally, but I was 'sweeping' the floor outside his office, and I have good hearing. Anyway, after the promotion she'll have what she wants, and you can rest safe."
Sherlock nodded once, and gently returned the violin to its case. Picking up the case he said, "I will be here tomorrow for rehearsal." Without giving Mr. Walker a chance to protest or tediously draw out their meeting, Sherlock turned and left his office. There were sputters and cries of indignation, but Sherlock barely registered them.
"What was your first case about?" James asked, taking another bite of his sandwich.
out for revenge, and while her overall physiological makeup did reflect sociopathic traits, the social worker wasn't needlessly cruel. She might one day be the murderess of said nurse, but she wasn't likely to go after other people when it was an intensely personal revenge she was after. In a way every revenge was intensely personal, but the killer behind this case had a broader target. Most likely they were out to discredit the hospital as a whole, and hadn't yet increased their activities to the point where even the Yard would be able to detect them.
"That's what got us into this situation in the first place," Alex observed wryly.
"Let's just get her on the bed, Alex," John soothed, walking beside them. "We can call an ambulance after."
"Oh I'd love to," Marcus purred, guessing John's thoughts, "but not without a condom."
are you so eager to have me
Sherlock frowned. "You didn't
and Sherlock wasn't about to deny him. That was one of the reasons Sherlock had never tried to see John before …there was very, very little that he could deny John now…
"Liability?" John asked, only mildly distracted by the fact that Sherlock looked like he might start to snore at any moment.
John grumbled, but didn't bother to ask how Sherlock had known what he was thinking, the explanation would only distract him further. He would never figure out how Sherlock's mind worked. He moved one of his bishops.
Sherlock swallowed, his gaze still locked with John. He knew what he wanted, but... "John," he began licking his lips as his mouth went suddenly dry. John reached over to the bedside table and brought a cup with a straw to Sherlock's lips. He rolled his eyes, but he drank before speaking once more. "My...illness..." Sherlock faltered and looked at the floor. What could he say? Sherlock himself had run the numbers and even he hardly believed what was happening to him. Forcing himself to meet and hold John's gaze, Sherlock pressed on. "I'm not going to live long. I'm surprised I'm
Sherlock ran a hand through his wild curls, shoved his phone into his pocket, and turned away from John, walking towards the door of their hotel room.
Tim looked up thoughtfully for a moment, and then slowly nodded. "Thank you, Dr. Watson."
John considered. It didn't seem like there was any reason not to. Mary was friendly enough, and if he was going to build new friendships he would have to start somewhere. It was unsettling to think how much of his life had revolved around Sherlock, in one way or another...
He reached for Sherlock's hands next, the scratches and nicks not having escaped his notice. He used another flannel to wash them with antiseptic solution, then rubbed in a thin layer of triple antibiotic ointment.
John pressed in close to Sherlock's back, his lips pressing dangerously close to the Sherlock's ear as he rumbled, "I would like to
"I think I did," Mary replied, stealing one of his office chairs and scooting close to him. "Not that people would really question a nurse stepping in to speak with a doctor, but people
"Don't talk like that, Mycroft."
John glanced at Mr. Brenton, then back at Sherlock. "It's not quite so clear to me, I'm afraid."
spent time specifically watching John work his shifts, but he had also spent significant periods of time with the camera feed up on his laptop while he'd worked on experiments or did research for cases. Watching John's progress, seeing him happy hurt almost as much as it helped, but he couldn't stop doing it.
Sherlock's head was swimming and he was starting the think a hospital might be a good idea after all. He squeezed John's arm lightly and murmured. "Put the gun away, John."
What if there really wasn't any more to the story of Sherlock's death? Just one genius caught in the trap of another, impossibly evil genius. What if John actually had
"People always think they're so bloody interesting and creative," Sherlock groused, his attention never leaving the samples in his hands. "There is barely any creativity left in the world. It's always the same motives. Money, greed, power, revenge, and
"Sherlock?" John tried again, leaning into his flatmate's field of vision. When this produced no result he stretched his hand forward to grasp Sherlock's shoulder. A deep baritone halted his fingers millimeters before they made contact.
"I'm not going to be party to this!" John hissed, jerking ineffectually in Sherlock's arms.
James smiled back and let his hand come to rest on John's knee. "Well, keep me in mind once this whole mess is over with. My offer still stands."
Movement caught John's eye and he turned his head back to the screen. "Nikki's just arrived," he said. This report brought forth a put upon sigh from Sherlock, who reluctantly stopped his ministrations, leaning his head against John's shoulder instead.
"So we're just going to suffer forever?!" Patricia snapped, her wild curls flying as she glared at Eva.
After the failed case involving Ms. Adaline, Sherlock began to suspect that this spider was aware of his probing into its web, and that Ms. Adaline was involved somehow. Why else would she have left a syringe for him to find in her hiding place? It didn't make any sense, not unless she knew about his poisoning, something he had never shared with anyone... But this spider was clever. They might be able to figure it out if they'd begun investigating Sherlock, if he'd been sloppy enough to draw their notice... He looked down at his trembling hands and sighed. The symptoms were getting harder to control…
John sighed and lowered his arm in defeat. "Whatever makes him happy, I suppose."
"You want me to what?" Molly eyed the bag John held out to her dubiously.
"What does he look like?" James asked, absorbed in this new story.
Sherlock's gloved fingers scoured the body before him and his mind began cataloguing details. Subject: Mr. Wallingford, Caucasian male, mid-sixties. He had a slight paunch around the middle, but was generally fit. He likely exercised with his eldest son. The body held no remarkable scars, birthmarks, or tattoos. The eyes were clear and in good condition for a man Mr. Wallingford's age. His mouth was riddled with fillings, bridges, and even two implants. There was unhealed bruising around the veins in each arm and hand, due to his many intravenous medications in the last weeks of his life. These corresponded to the bed sores on Mr. Wallingford's back and hips.
The good doctor made his way over to the sofa, wishing for a cup of tea but not quite having the energy to fix one for himself. Sherlock never faltered in his playing, bringing the waltz to a tidy conclusion once John was settled, leaning back on one of the armrests, with his feet stretched out on body of the sofa.
"We're here," Sherlock announced, rushing out of the cab and leaving an irate John to pay the tab. Hoisting his bags, John laboriously followed Sherlock up the stairs. He hadn't really noticed last time, but the place was an utter mess. There was stuff everywhere. Beakers, microscopes, slides, and Petri dishes cluttered what John supposed was originally the kitchen table. Piles of papers littered the floor, the bookshelves, and every other available place. Weapons poked out of corners and around a clutter of other, seemly useless objects. John spied a sword near the fireplace, a sturdy folding knife
It also gave him time to consider the strange turn his life had taken since he'd first met Sherlock. It hadn't been easy, in any sense of the word, but it had not been quite as awful as he'd thought it would be, either. Sherlock had made it quite clear that he could make almost any demand of John that he saw fit when he'd sent him out for those damn medical supplies, But, aside from ill-timed and ludicrous grocery/supply runs, John hadn't been asked to do more than to fill his role as Sherlock's assistant and blogger.
(See the end of the chapter for
he was coming?" John asked quietly, not wanting to be rude.
John closed his eyes for a moment and laughed at himself. He decided he must have a special place in his heart for sarcastic, cryptic, impossible men, because no other sort of person would be so enamored of such a correspondence. Still, there were worse faults to have.
John turned his gaze back to Alex, who squeaked out a timid, "Sorry!" and hurriedly left the room. John sighed as silently as he could, pushed off the counter he had been leaning against, and made his way back to the provider office. He wasn't sure if there was
"But if you filled it yourself," Sherlock continued, "Then you would have more control."
"I'll attend to it," the other man said, his feet already shifting on the stones underneath him.
Yay!  I managed to post about a week apart.  I doubt I'll be able to keep it up, but I'm pleased at such a short gap between postings.  ^_^
"Being a married man, the cravings of pregnant women should be no surprise to you. Camilla is an Italian name and, given the pictures I saw hanging in her room, she grew up there. It's not unheard of that she might have a craving for Beef Carpaccio, a dish traditionally served raw. Her craving seems to have been so intense that she ripped open the packaging and ate the meat without any further preparations. I found many food packages in your bins Mr. Brenton, but only the beef slices were torn open so aggressively. This craving could have been induced partly by nostalgia, but more likely because she has an iron deficiency, which has also resulted in her developing Pica."
