He went to find and plug in his USB internet connection, his first search (how did it have signal? He probably needed a new TV – when was his pension coming in again?) being “deer man”, which gave him pages and pages of results on “Deerman” – some legend with the head of a deer and the body of a man. Not quite.
“I understand that you don’t…” Sherlock hesitated. “That you aren’t…” He sighed and took John’s hands, taking comfort in how warmly and firmly they held his in return. “I know you’re not really the sort of person to… to
What didn’t make sense to him was how when he pulled at the thing, the head in his hand lifted with it. He frowned and tried to tug it out again. Once more, the head came up with it. John frowned harder and felt down to the bottom of the rod, where, after a few poked with the pads of his fingers, he figured out that whatever this was, it was attached. He had another feel – no glue there, either. John sat back, this man’s head still resting in his hands. He used his free hand to roll him back over so he was lying on his back. Then he took the torch and directed it at his head.
“No, I need to be with him. Please. I need to go with him. He needs me,” Sherlock insisted desperately, but they carried John, now suspiciously passive, down and into the ambulance on a stretcher. DI Lestrade pointed out that there were two seats in the back, and, with his permission, Sherlock climbed aboard and took John’s good hand.
There were three of them, and they came at him like a pack of wolves would a deer. Sherlock couldn’t see any weapons on them but the largest was holding John quite firmly to the wall, and he could hear his furious shouts of
By the time John sat down he felt a bit better. John brought the remote with him and changed it from the new not-quite-a-comedy show on a channel he’d never seen before to the BBC News at One. Sherlock rolled his eyes and excused himself for a moment.
When Mycroft arrived, John had been behind the doors for an hour, and the officer minding his brother was bored out of his mind. He’d conducted a full interview, taken several pages of notes, and exhausted all of his questions. All he seemed to want was to go and write up his report before it all left his head, and Mycroft was all too happy to release him from his moral duty and step in to mind his brother.
He pulled back a bit. “I don’t need to change him. Everyone makes mistakes. I still love him and he still loves me. I know it. I’m certain.”
That time, even he could hear that it didn’t quite make sense. He thought for another second, and then tried again. “When you told her you were a… my boy. How did you… so quickly? Your head goes so fast. I wish mine goes that fast.”
“Ch-chickens,” Sherlock said desperately, shaking his head at John. Where the hell had all the words gone?
Fawnlock’s eyes drifted across his face and then back up to his eyes. He slowly leant forwards and brushed his lips over John’s cheek in an excruciatingly gentle kiss. John froze.
Wells brought out four more photos. John swallowed hard as these were placed in front of him, one by one, each depicting an unrecognisably mangled body. It was difficult to tell which of the many and varied wounds and blows had been the fatal one. He closed his eyes for a second to push away some irrelevant memories and then looked through them.
Sure enough, the police were there soon after, and John agreed with Sherlock’s story. He also tacked on a few bits about how the boys were so drunk they’d turned on each other to explain away their other injuries. The officers didn’t seem to have any idea who they were, luckily, and they were allowed to go home and get themselves collected.
, and Sherlock recognised it now for what it really was: a little urge deep in his chest and hot in his throat telling him to
John looked up and Sherlock felt his heart shatter. He’d dropped the pathetic excuse of a smile and there was some sort of raw emotion on his face. He couldn’t tell what it was – the best he could do was identify that it was sad. Well, he might not have been able to understand, but he could certainly fix that nonetheless. He took John’s glass and put it next to his on the table. Then, slowly enough that John could protest if he wanted to, he turned around in his seat and faced him.
Sherlock shook his head. “You need it. You’ve only got one lung for the next week or two, it’s important to keep your oxygen levels up. You should know that,
“Sherlock, do you actually remember what a date is? We spoke about this a while ago. Two people going out and having fun.”
He turned his head and took a look around. Yes, definitely an ambulance. There was a man sitting in the seat. Two men, really: one other paramedic and one teacher from school. He had no idea who the man was, but he’d seen him around a few times before. He swallowed and his chest started heaving as his mind wandered again – they were going to find out. His dad was going to kill him. He was going to get taken away. Everyone would
“My brother,” Sherlock growled, and this time, when he went back to his phone, he started texting furiously. “He runs Britain.”
“You are the biggest fucking tease,” John breathed, closing his eyes and sucking a mark onto Sherlock’s neck. “I’ve been waiting all bloody day. Just do it.”
Sherlock hummed, pulled away from the window. “You can spend your afternoon how you like. We’ll leave at half past five. I’ll be back soon.”
John wanted him to stay, and he stayed. They went down to radiology in the lift, John occasionally coughing up more spots of blood into the oxygen mask, and then crying helplessly about the horrendous pain he was in. The x-ray itself took just a minute for all the pictures they took, and they brought John back to his room before talking to him.
This time, Sherlock didn’t bother spending his lacking mental energy on translating John’s babble; the drugs were beginning to talk. “Go to sleep, John,” he said with a chuckle, “you’re high. Enjoy it while it lasts.”
“In my professional opinion, I think you have a crush,” John repeated, raising his eyebrows. He had to try his very best not to burst out laughing again.
John took a deep breath and tried to keep calm as he was walked through to the hall that would, most likely, ruin his life.
They were on their own again. John was feeling entirely helpless. Sherlock got up onto the bed next to him and they settled in for a nap, John’s small, broken frame wrapped protectively in his own.
“Here,” he put the bag on the floor, jumper still inside, and pushed it over. Its eyes followed the bag, and John was glad to be relieved of the icy grey stare.
He’d been stripped of his clothes and put in a hospital gown. Sherlock could see a lumpy brace strapped to his left ankle under the thin sheets and a plaster cast wrapped onto his left wrist. He couldn’t see the head injury or any sign of John’s ribs, but he got the sense that John had been pumped full of something delicious.
Sherlock couldn’t quite form the right words just then. He kept wiping John’s face and stroking his head, desperate to calm him down – and then had a stroke of genius. “But, John, listen to me. Hold on, and listen to me. He told you he loved you.” He chose his words carefully – still, he didn’t believe the man’s words, but John wouldn’t notice. “Maybe he said no
John tried not to let the cold weight settling in his chest affect him. He tried to think of it in an I’m-such-a-great-kisser-that-I-broke-Sherlock way instead of a Sherlock-hated- it-so-much-I-broke-him way. At the back of his mind, though, despite the concern for Sherlock and the disappointment that they wouldn’t be getting any further tonight, he was angry that he’d be ending yet another Remembrance Day with a drink.
Sherlock smirked. “I wasn’t talking about a date by normal standards, John. Don’t be ridiculous. It’s as if you don’t know me at all.”
Everything had gone. Well, not everything – Fawnlock had found the kindness in his heart to leave the inedible parts of the foods in there, such as the bruised areas and plastic packaging of the vegetables. On any other day, John would have been annoyed. Or, at least, asked what the hell Fawnlock had done with the raw meat that had been in there. Today he didn’t care.
He nodded, and wiped his face again. With a little smile, and the strangest feeling that things would maybe be alright, he replied, “You too, dad. See you.”
“The customers. It’s a bowling alley, looks functional – where are the bowlers?” John pushed the door open, revealing a staircase. He just managed to swallow an inconvenienced groan, and began to climb.
“Because you’re too uptight about it and it would’ve given you one more thing to angst about,” Sherlock shot back between the kisses, truthful to a fault. “Your father was already beating you up. You never would have wanted to give him a reason for it – not that his reasons were valid to begin with.”
Sherlock continued to stare at him in search of ulterior motives. He found none, and finally allowed himself to relax slightly, shoulders drooping with relief. Now he was staring at John in awe. Everything was beginning to fall into place: all of the strange pulls in his chest, and the boiling heat in his stomach, and the almost irresistible urge to touch John. It had been yearning. Of course it had.
“No? ‘No’ what? I don’t understand.” John steeled himself. His eyes hardened, his jaw set; he wasn’t going down without a fight, even if said fight was more of a pathetic excuse of a scuffle. The hairs on the back of his neck rose as he heard a quiet snort of laughter next to him. He didn’t let himself turn around.
Sherlock could hardly look at John, but he obeyed, forcing his mind away from that shameful slipup and concentrating on finding the prostate again.
John grinned and passed Sherlock his coat and scarf. “I think so, too,” he said, pulling his coat on. This time he was going to make sure he was completely zipped up before he ventured outside – especially now that it was getting dark. “What’s the actual plan, then? Have you had a tip-off?”
He took a deep, cleansing breath, and got up, automatically reaching for the cane balanced against the side of his chair. He wrapped himself up in a ridiculous number of layers, grabbed his keys and useless phone, and headed out the door.
John sighed again. Was he that intimidating? This deer-man was at least a head taller than him, and it had sharp sticks growing out of his head. He had no doubt as to who would win in a fight. He sat down on the floor anyway. It didn’t lower its antlers with him – he took that as a victory.
“You’re an arsehole, John Watson,” he muttered against his mouth, eyes closed. John’s opened wide and stared up at him.
The ravioli was the best Sherlock had ever tried, and had come with a little side pot of a spicy tomato sauce and a tiny bowl of parmesan cheese to top it off. They swapped a mouthful each and, genuinely, couldn’t decide whose was better. Or, at least, John couldn’t. Sherlock insisted that his own was, but he couldn’t help but think that maybe that was just because he wouldn’t have been able to live with the possibility that he’d chosen something that wasn’t the best. John’s carbonara was rich and creamy and also came with a little bowl of parmesan, so he really was incredibly chuffed.
Sherlock watched him for a few seconds, one eye narrowing slightly in thought. The hands moved from behind his head and he sat up, running his hands through his hair, still quiet as he finally settled them in his lap. Eventually, he said, “I wondered if you’d want to go to a service. There’s one at Regent’s Park that starts at half ten.”
“I don’t go to parties.” He pulled his sleeve up and checked the time. “Go and put some proper shoes on, we have to leave soon.”
He started gently probing over the man’s head for the wound, which proved much more difficult to find through the clumps of waves with frozen fingers. He was just about to give up when he felt something hard in the hair. His stomach dropped; his first thought was that this man had a piece of the branch lodged in his skull, keeping him awake but unable to move or speak, or something tragic like that that John would never be able to fix. Instead he cleared his mind and tried to pull it out.
“I’d meant maybe reading a psychology book, or actually making an effort to talk to someone. Not some gossip magazines.” John flopped back against the sofa and rolled his eyes.
“Right,” Harry muttered, staring at Sherlock. “Yeah, okay. Look, to be honest, I don’t care. I want to know how you are, and what happened.”
There was a naked man in the forest. Right outside his house. Nobody could say the thought wasn’t slightly concerning.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned his face into the blankets, not sure he could deal with another six-year-old John. “Close your eyes, John.”
me,” he repeated casually, trying to relax the situation. “As I said, you were high as a kite on the morphine, and being affectionate and self-revelatory, and you were upset that I wouldn’t let you act on intoxicated and uninhibited impulses. Though, in all fairness, you were yelling at the top of your lungs first, and I kissed you to shut you up. But the next four times were all you.”
John swallowed hard and changed the channel to another one he hadn’t heard of before. Maybe it was the same one, actually. There was a different show airing – how was he supposed to know? He got up and made coffee, sensing he’d need some to survive this for much longer, and checked his phone while he was waiting for his kettle to boil.
“No, wait,” he blurted, making Fawnlock jump. He smiled and stepped over, lifting a hand to stroke over a few of the curls and flowers on his head. “It’s… You look…” He cleared his throat awkwardly. “You look amazing.”
“Doctors are coming,” Sherlock answered quietly. He wiped a smear of blood from John’s face with the back of his hand. “There are some people coming to help you.”
When he opened his mouth to say something else, all the words he knew flew out of his head. Instead, he gave Sherlock’s mouth another affectionate squeeze before trying again.
John replaced his cold mug with a hot one, placing the cold in the sink before taking his own from the side. Sherlock left it to cool for a few more minutes, remaining still and quiet on the sofa. He heard John blowing out a noisy breath as he looked through the stack of those damned newspapers on the table. When he found the one he wanted there was a tell-tale rustling of cloth on cloth as he sat down in his chair. People were so noisy.
“I’m here,” Sherlock said, smiling both to comfort John and find an outlet for his smug I-told-you-so. “It’s okay, I’m right here. You’re alright. Just listen to me, you’re okay. Relax.”
“Oh.” John passed the tissue to Sherlock, who tied the condom and tossed it, rather disgustingly, onto the floor before wiping himself down.
“Thank you,” he said softly, patting his hand. Fawnlock didn’t reply, but kept a very serene expression on his face the whole time. He looked conflicted. John frowned. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
“Sherlock,” John said, his tone protesting even as he let Sherlock push him back onto the double bed. “Are you sure you’re alright with this? I think we’re going too fast.”
John thought his hands looked too empty, or something was missing. Something about him looked off. He wasn’t sure why.
The nurse handed the gown over and stepped out for a minute to dispose of the dirty blankets. Sherlock got to work untying the strings at the neck and lower back of the gown John had on, and soon he was pulling it away from John’s front and staring with wide eyes.
John nodded again, his eyes filling once more. He bit his lip. “Always,” he squeaked. His wet eyes were glued to their joined hands. “I promise always. As long as you want. Always.”
“Twice,” John said, as if replying but actually continuing his train of thought. “Two times,” he reiterated, that time to remind himself what ‘twice’ meant.
“Well, I needed you here. Seemed the fastest way to have you fetched by the police. They’d been looking for a culprit and they were about to arrest one of mine.” Moran laughed softly and shook his head as if it were a fond memory. “Couldn’t let that happen. My employees are sparse enough as it is.”
Fawnlock stopped when he couldn’t hear John following. He looked back and frowned. “John with me,” he demanded. He didn’t look back ahead of him until John rubbed his forehead and began to follow.
“Faun… A faun that picks locks,” he smiled. He looked up at the faun, who was, again, looking at him like he was about to throw up over him. The faun. His key to restarting his life. His kindling. “You can be Faunlock.”
John sighed and scratched his chin. He put his hand back to the biscuits on his chest and popped it into his mouth. "Dislocated my shoulder. Ages ago."
Harry gave her brother a decidedly unconvinced stare. “Did you finally come out or something?” she asked bluntly. “That why Dad went apeshit?”
“You’ve gone quiet,” Sebastian said around his cigarette. The smoke was already gathering near the ceiling above him. He didn’t get any real response, but John’s expression suggested that maybe he was still working some things out. “Would you like me to elaborate?”
“Wait,” John said, shaking his head. “Just wait a second. You edited my face onto a CCTV still and got me arrested just so I could come and have a little
Both of them turned and looked at the window, simultaneously remembering that it was still only about midday.
“I should have done something sooner,” Sherlock said quietly. For once, he turned into Mycroft’s embrace instead of away from it, tucking his face into his chest and hiding in the enveloping warmth. “It should never have gotten this far.”
It took him two sweeps of the torch beam to make out anything different; the thing was almost completely obscured by the branch that had fallen on top of it. The only way John recognised something off was by catching a glimpse of distinct tawny brown under the pile of rotten wood and bright green.
He smiled to himself and sent a reply to his sister, assuring her that he was doing okay and that he’d call her that night if he got time. He’d only just sent his reply when the kettle finished, and he made his coffee and got back to the sofa to check his second new message, this one from Greg Lestrade.
“Do you have any more questions?” Lestrade asked awkwardly. Sherlock shook his head. “Okay, then. If you have anything else you need, ring this number,” he put a small card on the table, “and ask for Greg Lestrade. Take care now, boys. I’ll be in touch.”
“Is that so?” she pressed him, smirking. “Your boyfriend seems to know exactly what I’m talking about.”
John laid down properly, Sherlock’s hands pulled to rest under his cheek as he closed his eyes. He felt the tears roll down his temple and settle into the gaps between Sherlock’s fingers. With intentions focused around returning the oxygen mask to John’s face, Sherlock went down with him, lying to face him and make sure that he was alright. Only once John was sure he could speak properly and not sound too pathetic did he open his mouth.
“Hello,” he mumbled to himself, knowing it couldn’t understand. “It’s okay. I won’t… I’m not going to do anything.”
The water cooler was just on the other side of the room, but John still tried to use his time wisely. He practiced one of his old deep breathing exercises until he heard the footsteps approaching again. When he opened his eyes there was a disposable plastic cup of water being offered to him through the bars. It took him an embarrassing two goes to stand up.
“No. I’m his boyfriend. Seen it all before. Let me do it.” Sherlock held his hand out for the gown and the nurse deliberated for a moment.
“No, John,” Sherlock groaned, shaking his head and dropping his chin to his chest. “Lord, have mercy. I meant I thought… I thought
“You wouldn’t have let me do it – but thank you for at least pretending.” John smiled tightly, and then his little smile accidentally spread into an excitable grin. He reached for Harry and pulled her in for another hug. Harry hesitated for a moment, and then John felt her hands on his back.
“You’re DI Dimmock for tonight. Use your powers wisely.” Sherlock smiled and John snorted at the name and picture on his ID.
“And Sherlock Holmes,” the man beamed. “God, my girlfriend and I love your blog. Your first case is still my favourite.”
“You’re so high right now,” he teased as he climbed onto the bed. Stick thin, he fit nice and snug between John and the railing that he clicked back into place. “You’re going to freak out later when you wake up and realise I’m right beside you.”
“They’re letting me go in a few days,” John said quietly, his eyes glazing over. “I could… come and see you. You could do it. Just finish me off, right there.”
“Oh, sure, now you think I’m smart enough,” John muttered as Sherlock pushed his head down. Hands started running through his hair, neatening it up and smoothing it down.
“For some people it’s just a mild pain or tightening in the chest,” John started, still watching Sherlock closely. “But it can also be severe pains, or a squeezing sensation, or immense pressure over your heart. That comes accompanied by the typical symptoms like shortness of breath, pains in the shoulder, back, stomach, jaw, arm, and nausea, or light-headedness. It’s just generally a whole load of unpleasant things all at once.”
John, again, didn’t really understand what Sherlock was talking about. He brought him a glass of whisky and put it on the coffee table before taking a seat next to him again, glancing down into his own drink. “Go on, then.”
He left Just before sunrise, when John had been asleep for an hour. He’d have woken him and checked on him, but he’d seemed completely sane again before he’d gone to sleep, so he assumed he was alright. He left him a note apologising for not managing to move him into his bed, left it in his trouser pocket so his father wouldn’t find it, and then carefully let himself out of the front door.
He was quiet for a few seconds. The only reason Sherlock didn’t make an I-told-you-so comment was because he could see that John had an answer. He waited.
They patted him down in a short frisk search with a little clear plastic bag ready. He assumed it was for the possible contents of his pockets because when nothing was found the bag was tucked back into the arresting officer’s pocket. He must not have been as calm as he felt, because there was a voice next to him telling him to breathe deep and stay calm. He wasn’t sure which direction it was coming from but he was bloody well going to listen to it.
After a moment of mutual gazing Sherlock returned to his mouth with enthusiasm, but his hands were focused down at John’s waistband, pushing and pulling with hands and then feet until he was left only in his underwear. John realised he’d been far too passive for most of the evening so far and as soon as he saw his partner thinking about rolling off and stripping his own trousers, he rolled them over and pushed them down himself. They landed an embarrassing distance across the room.
Back then, every day mattered. Now they were all merging into one insufferably long and repetitive one. He hated it.
you a kidnapper of some sort, but this isn’t it. We’re going through the park and into the dodgy side, alright?” Sherlock rubbed his thumb over the back of John’s hand.
It was a pencil sketch of a woman with a deer tail. She had dark patches around the eyes and little twig-like shapes sprouting from her curly hair. It was the only one of its kind amongst the animal-legged humans, but it was enough.
“Can’t get anything past you, hm?” John said fondly, looking over Sherlock’s features again. He seemed very close, all of a sudden.
He had nothing to offer them. Nothing except himself, and didn’t that thought just set his stomach churning again?
“No, John, no,” Sherlock said quickly. He tried to hold him at the wrists, but the boy was wriggling like mad. “You need to stay here. You’re not helping yourself by acting like a wild animal. First of all, you can’t go home, you’d have to go to my home. Second, you can’t just walk out of here, anyway. Third, you’re upsetting me.”
“You were perfectly enthusiastic about your identity crisis last night,” Sherlock reminded him, and while he could have said more, he elected not to.
“He told me where he kept his most precious things. If something happens to a soldier, his belongings get sent to his next of kin, meaning parents, siblings, children, whoever’s in his file.” John stirred the teabags slowly. “But he wanted a few things to go to his girlfriend, so he kept them hidden away where nobody would find them and send them to the wrong place. He told me to send the box to an address in Cornwall, but I had a look through after he’d gone and… And I wanted to remember him.” John glanced up, eyebrows raised. “He was a good friend. My last good friend, as it happened.”
John thought, out of absolutely nowhere and so suddenly and powerfully that he outwardly flinched – Sherlock noticed, but didn’t say anything) whereas John looked… well, John looked normal. He knew he did. He didn’t mind in the least, either; after all, he wasn’t ugly, and it meant he got to enjoy the looks of surprise he got when he had the rare chance to show off his hidden strength, whether that was by tackling a six foot kidnapper or a friendly arm wrestle at the pub.
And he did count this as his first kiss. He paid no attention to technicality. This was the first time he’d kissed someone and enjoyed it not for the satisfaction of knowing he’d achieved it, but simply for what it was; a kiss. His first kiss, with John.
Once he’d softened him up a little he started pressing a little harder, concentrating with one finger instead of two. After a minute it began to press in, and then he held off with the rubbing and pushed firmly instead, getting all the way to the second knuckle with his index finger before he stopped. John was breathing very heavily and his readiness to respond to the kisses had flagged.
“Someone’s in with him already? Who? This is ridiculous. What do you want, ID? Get out of my face.” Harry tried to step around him, and he put out an arm. A second and third security guard, both larger women with softer faces but sterner bodies, appeared in Harry’s peripheral vision. “What the fuck is your problem? He’s my brother, I have a right to see him.”
Well, John assumed he was naked because his arms and legs were bare. He really didn’t want to see if the guy was wearing pants or not.
“How long before the psychologist?” John asked, adjusting his blankets and sitting up a little more.
Sherlock arched a brow, and Harry chuckled. “Yeah, well, I have a nice sideline in specialty acquisitions right now. The contraband market is where it’s at – or, at least, it will be in uni in September.”
“Oh, John,” Sebastian breathed, putting a hand to his heart. “I’m wounded to think you’re still not listening to me. After everything we’ve been through.”
He nodded his stony agreement and leant forwards in his seat, at first just giving his body time to stop his legs from trembling. Once he realised what was happening, however, it was more to look at his leg in wonder.
“He needs more,” Sherlock insisted, glaring hard at the nurse and holding tight onto John’s hand, as ever. “He’s in agony. Put the numbers back up.”
The promise was kept: when John awoke from his drug-induced nap, Sherlock was still right there beside him. Granted, he’d fallen asleep and was drooling on his edge of the pillow, but he was still there, and that was what mattered most.
“I’m his sister,” she snapped at him, snatching her arm from his hold with a sneer. “I’m Harry Watson, I’m his older sister. I need to see him.”
Sherlock glanced at John and found him with his eyes closed, chewing on the inside of his bottom lip. He stepped in closer, the front of his shoulder against the back of John’s, just the tiniest contact to keep him grounded. This had been an awful idea.
. “For God’s sake, Watson, it’s my real name. Those twats think I’m Tim Foster. Happy? Can I unlock you now?”
“What does it matter?” John laughed. He gave Sherlock an affectionate bump with his shoulder. “It’s not like we can just turn up and one will appear right in front of us. Even Hackney doesn’t work that way.”
“Then we’re practically on equal grounds.” He looked down to Sherlock. He stroked his hands through his hair. “All the way.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. He looked around for inspiration, but none came immediately. Nobody else seemed to be so affected. There were parents holding children to their bodies, the band staring down at their knees with mournful expressions on their faces, couples holding hands.
He poked his head around the door and checked the guest bedroom, but it seemed untouched. His head turned instantly as he heard a distinctly crunchy snapping sound coming from his bedroom. John had to bite back his smile again. Instead, he cleared his throat softly.
“He’s broken his wrist,” they explained at his question, “and received a nasty blow to the head. Considering what’s happened, we suspect some other parts may not be in perfect working order, either, so we’ve given him a painkiller to last the journey. They’ll probably top it up at the hospital before they treat him, too. He’ll be okay.”
Sherlock pressed their mouths together again. He gave more pressure this time, urging John back. He felt a little smile curve the other set of lips and then he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist, taking him with him as he lay back over the bed. Sherlock perched above him on all fours, elbows resting on either side of John’s head.
On the second day, John wanted to go to town. He had a working leg and a topic to read up on and a new drawer of vegetables to buy. The only thing stopping him was his strangling excitement from his discovery that he wasn’t on his own any more, and that was bloody fantastic.
John’s face softened slightly – emotional confessions from Sherlock always made him go all gooey – but it was clear he still didn’t understand exactly what was being said by the way his shoulders drooped. “We are friends. We can stay friends if that’s what you want. I told you, I’m not going to force anything on you, I want you to b—”
“C’we get this bloody thing off now?” he asked, tapping the mask with his thumb. “It’s hurting my nose.”
Eventually, with a great swing, Fawnlock wrenched the door open and threw himself into John’s arms. “John,” he growled firmly.
John couldn’t seem to breathe properly. He was hurting and confused and he was so tired he could hardly move a muscle. He just kept his good hand fisted in Sherlock’s coat and waited, drifting in and out of consciousness.
John winced. “Harry’s gone,” he said, “in case you’re wondering. They didn’t find her at the house that night, apparently, and she hasn’t been in touch. You heard from her?”
“I’ve got you a badge for you in my pocket, I’m using Lestrade’s. It’s just up the road here, keep an eye out.” Sherlock lifted his drink and gestured to the end of the road where, on the right, the houses stopped and the street opened out on one side.
It was easy, Sherlock supposed. When they did kidnappings all they had to do was provide a distraction and set a trap. He could tell by the looks on John’s face that his favourite bit was watching the abductor realise he’d lost.
The blood drained from John’s face. He felt like a bit of prat now, having clung to the idea that maybe it was all just a big coincidence. Just a big coincidence that Moran had wanted him to meet his half-human, half-animal friend. Wasn’t like John had one, too. Definitely not.
John stirred slightly. He blinked a few times until his eyes would open, and then he stared up at the ceiling, still not ready to move.
It was during the first break that the licks slowed down, and they stopped altogether when the show started again, John turned his head and looked up at Fawnlock with a little smile. He tried not to look too pained from the utter heartache in his chest at how
,” John groaned deeply as Harry flung herself at him, pulling him into a tight hug. He tried his best not to wince at the deep aches she was causing him.
“A faun,” John repeated, swallowing again. He tried a little smile, a little laugh. He hoped it didn’t sound as forced and nervous as he thought it sounded. “As in, um. As in a baby deer?” He laughed again. “Look, mate, I know what they say about country bumpkins, but—”
“I’ll keep it covered,” John continued, his voice thickening and breaking. “It’ll go away soon, promise. Sorry. I’m sorry.”
“Hello,” John sang in greeting when he recognised Sherlock. He was beaming through his battered face and tired eyes. “Where you been?”
They reached the park entrance five minutes early, giving them enough time to locate the service and find a programme of sorts. They eventually found a good spot under a big tree to stand and watch from. There was a big service in Regent’s Park this year, though the pair of them had no idea why there were scooters lined up along the edges of each main path. No doubt they’d find out later.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his common you’re-shockingly-stupid expression coming into place. “I thought it was friendship.”
Sherlock put his hand on John’s shoulder and pushed gently, his face tensing sadly. “And you are drugged to the gills and not meaning a thing you’re saying. I’m not going to take advantage of you, John.”
Moran had been right about one thing; the entire building was empty. It was eerily quiet and he was sure he’d felt a draught on his way out of the courtroom. John had to bite his tongue to refrain from muttering to himself.
Sherlock argued, spitting the word out like a tiger would rabbit food. “I’m making you look like a geek.”
He found that the other side of the tree was only half as tall as the first side. Was it growing up a hill or something? John didn’t dwell on it as they kept walking. Fawnlock was getting faster and faster so they must have been close. When Fawnlock pulled John through a little gap in the thickets of bushes and bounded ahead, John stopped short in shock.
feeling discomfort. Sherlock could feel it in his body and see it in his face. He hadn’t said ‘no’, yet, though, so he kept going, as gently as he could.
He watched as the thing gingerly picked up the bag and then looked at its collection. He could see it puzzling for a moment, and then it seemed to realise what a bag was. It kept John’s jumper in the bottom and loaded up the bag with its own things, John watching with a sad smile. Now it could take everything at once. It wouldn’t need a return trip.
“No, not…” John swallowed hard and blushed. “Not for me. I’m fine, trust me. I just… I don’t want you to feel rushed.”
Sherlock hummed. “Well, they’re most definitely going to send a psychologist in and give you a psychological evaluation, and they’re going to want to make you eat something. After that… God knows. Maybe they’ll send you to be looked after by your sister.” He paused. “I have to go back to school tomorrow.”
There was a beat of silence. “Go to school,” Mr Watson began. “Then shape up and enlist. They need doctors in the army. If you’ve got your heart set on med school, then study up and go, but the structure of the army will be good for you. You need structure. You always have. You’re a better follower than a leader and there’s not a thing I can do to change that. Maybe your mother could’ve done a better job than I have, but she’s not here, so I did what I could.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, fixing them on the waiter that was now on his way over. “Shut up. People read mine.”
He stayed hovering around his mouth, eyes closed, even after his lips had left John’s. They grazed over his where he hovered, and they shared the hot air John breathed. After a moment, when he was fully satisfied that John was hanging onto his every movement, he pecked his lips again.
“It’s much better than the stuff you read in the papers,” Sherlock commented easily. John had stopped off in the kitchen to fill the kettle but, sadly, only gotten out one mug. “I’ll have a cup, too, please.”
Sherlock debated whether or not to tell John. Granted, it was a bit late to avoid giving the truth now. It could either solve some problems that had arisen between them, or upset John completely. At last, he said, “You kissed me. Repeatedly.”
She’d ended up standing outside a private room with a blue plate reading “127” screwed to the door. Behind it was an elderly couple – who, quite frankly, didn’t look like either of them were ill enough to be there. As if turning up at her own house to find it swarming with police officers wasn’t confusing enough, now she had useless secretaries to deal with. Fan-fucking-tastic.
“No,” Sherlock said. He sat up. “You woke up once before. I didn’t expect you to remember it, you were high as a bloody kite.”
“Stay just today, then,” John insisted, tugging on Sherlock’s hands. “For when the police come. And the psychologist. Sit with me.”
He folded his paper, dropped it on the top of the paper pile, and got up with his empty mug. In the many minutes he had while Sherlock was getting dressed he washed up all the mugs and put the crockery back in the cupboards. Then he checked the time again and ran upstairs to switch his bulky jumper for a cardigan that would fit under his coat. He buttoned it halfway up his torso and then straightened his collar in the mirror. One last sensible flick of his hair and he was going back downstairs, sliding his shoes on and wondering how Sherlock had managed to be ready before him.
“Is that your real name?” John couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but there was something wrong with this picture – and it wasn’t just the missing briefcase, or the pissing scary scar on the stranger’s face, or even the fact that a post-it note had emptied the entire building. He just looked far too comfortable.
John didn’t see his guest again for two days, but they weren’t two days spent doing nothing. Oh, no. He threw himself into sorting his life out, as if this had been just the wake-up call he needed. First he cleared his kitchen – and that in itself took a few hours – and then he tidied his living room. He could fool himself into thinking it was bigger when it was tidy. God, that creature probably had the whole forest as its back garden. What must he have thought of John’s pathetic excuse of a home?
Harry smirked at the deep blush crawling over John’s face. She’d only been here a few minutes, and already she’d picked up on it. In truth, it wasn’t even her brother that had tipped her off: it was Sherlock. The more she battled her way into conversation, the more protective he got. He’d moved closer to John. He was glaring at her. If looks could have killed, she’d have been charred to cinders last bloody week.
“Bloody hell,” John groaned, smacking Sherlock’s hand away from his arm and crossing them instead. Again, he ignored Harry. “Forget the ribs and the head. Having you two in the same room is going to be the thing that kills me.”
Soon enough they were both on the edge again. John’s arm was moving intermittently and he was clearly trying not to go first. Sherlock’s face was red and his features were all tensed as he pushed in, again and again, each one a wrench to his balls but his willpower too strong to let it get to him.
John opened his red-rimmed eyes and looked at Sherlock with a distinctly sad look about him. He did look much more sympathetic with the mask on, Sherlock supposed. He sighed. “You’re responsible for your choices, and your father is responsible for his. Just remember that, won’t you?”
He gestured at the pile that had been collected at the door. It didn’t follow his hand, just continued to stare up at him from under white-tipped lashes.
“Let me see,” Moran continued. His voice sounded closer, and John flinched, ready to get up, but as he kept speaking it became clear that he was simply walking around the room. “You found the faun first, I get that much. Does he know you… Exist?” Another brief pause, which John uses to remember how to breathe again. “Okay, so you discover the faun and keep him quiet. Then… What?”
John waited. No elaboration came. “Did you want to, you know, explain? Explain why you… Eggs? Really?”
John was glad to have the opportunity to close his eyes and fall asleep, even if he did have to have the oxygen mask digging into his face again. It felt like it had been years since he’d last been asleep – and, this time, as if things couldn’t get any better, he had Sherlock snuggled up against him as his own personal heater.
“No,” John said certainly, squeezing Sherlock’s hand. “Need you here to remind me that I’m not dying. Send someone else.”
John lay on the floor, staring up at his ceiling, the room spinning and his head buzzing. It was dark out, and probably some sort of ridiculous hour in the morning, but who cared? It was the weekend. He ground a custard cream slowly between his teeth.
John, who had been expecting more arguments on why he shouldn’t see their dad, hadn’t been listening to a word. “Don’t know what you’re on about, Harry,” he murmured automatically, poking gently at the slowly-healing cut on his head. It turned out painkillers didn’t work for direct pokes on fresh wounds.
“You hurt your head. Do you remember?” John smiled encouragingly. When he got no response, he pat the back of his own head in a more direct gesture. “Can I see?”
“I’ve changed my mind,” Sherlock said, amused. “I think more people should read your blog. I also think that man has a bit of a crush on you.”
“Jesus, would you calm down? Your back’s getting sweaty,” Sebastian muttered, pulling his hand off as they stepped through to the reception. “It’s over there.”
John did make it a bit easier, though whether or not he was doing it on purpose was a mystery to Sherlock. He didn’t seem to be having any troubles working out boundaries; he seemed perfectly comfortable. It was almost giving Sherlock the slight confidence boost he needed.
“I told you, we’re going to Hackney. We’ll go when it starts to get dark. What’ll that be… Around half past five?” He pressed his face to the window and then looked back for John’s opinion.
During his last year in the barracks they’d had an early start due the morning after, but every single one of them had had a quiet night in with a six-pack of beer. None of them really remembered what time they’d gotten to bed that night but they all remembered the atmosphere in the convoy the next morning.
“Sure!” the waiter cried, turning to have a look around. “Just hang on here for a second, and I’ll find you somewhere. We’re a bit packed tonight.”
Bags under his eyes, several new wrinkles on his forehead, slight layer of grime covering every inch of him. Christ, he looked like a bloody street-dwelling murderer now, didn’t he? He sagged a little bit in his seat. Stress. That was all it was. Just stress.
A nurse came in and pressed a small syringe into the capped IV line on the back of his hand, and John relaxed almost instantly. She stayed close and monitored his pulse on the screen as he calmed down, Sherlock holding his hand and taking him through it breath by breath. Then, pulled under by the morphine and not wanting to stay awake for his confusion, he went to sleep again. Sherlock continued to keep watch.
“Police,” Sherlock hissed, his heart hammering in his chest. “Police, and an ambulance. Both. My friend, he’s been attacked, he’s unconscious. There’s blood.”
Fawnlock shook his head. “I don’t know,” he tried, repeating from the card John had written. John smiled at him in return and pulled open the door to the empty fridge. He stared for a moment.
“No,” John replied. He took a single sip of his coffee and put it on the side, not wanting the distraction. “It’s fine, Sherlock, it sounds fun. I’m just saying this isn’t what normal people do.”
I’m staying right here, I’m going to see my brother. You have no idea what you’re talking about.” She tried to push past him, and he grabbed both of her arms this time and began pushing her out, the second lady helping as the first took up his original place by the door. “Hey, wait, what the hell? This is horseshit! John!”
John couldn’t help but grin. “Well, if that’s alright. I just… I don’t know how people will react, and I’m still, kind of… You know. Getting used to it. In case you’ve forgotten, it was only this morning.”
The relief at feeling a pulse almost sent him back towards the floor, but he managed to keep his balance this time, instead pulling down his sleeve so he could see his watch and beginning to count. His heart rate was a bit slow, just as he’d expected. John decided he may as well go the whole hog and enjoy his chance to be an emergency doctor while he had it.
Sherlock sighed, shaking his head. “The police will be here soon. I told them we were just walking and they jumped you.”
He finally managed to unlock it after giving in and sitting his patient under the porch, propped against the wall. John gave him an anxious glance once he’d turned the light on. Eventually he risked it and went to grab a towel that he draped over the sofa before picking the man up again and laying him on it. When he stepped back to look at him properly… This wasn’t a man. Not a human man, anyway.
John decided to check for a pulse first, as was the sensible thing. He took the torch in his right hand and used his left to place two fingers under the man’s jaw. It was difficult to focus on any little twitches under his fingers with the rain tapping his hand in a dozen places at once but he was nothing if not practiced at doctoring in difficult circumstances.
John’s argument was immediate, though his exhausted eyes remained closed. “‘m not a doctor, I don’t have to know anything. Soldiers are supposed to be dumb.”
“I need to go and see him,” John whimpered, rubbing his eyes and pushing the mask from his face. He sat up. “I need to go. Please.”
Not that it meant anything to John. So far, he couldn’t remember a single thing that had happened in the last twelve, maybe twenty-four hours. He remembered Harry bursting in on them, and something about beds. Mattresses, more like, though he wasn’t sure exactly why he remembered that, of all things. There was a thick fog clouding his head, too, as if his brain was a wind-up clock that was running out of ticks.
“Warm?” Sherlock had asked amusedly. He’d smoothed down his lapels as he stepped forwards, going for the living room.
“Please,” John said, his features softening. Just for a second, Sherlock caught a glimpse of the hopeless shell of a man he’d seen at the service earlier and his heart gave that same yearning clench in his chest.
“If she’d been looking she could have driven away.” John stared at him, then, no hands to cover his face. His eyes were pink and shiny and his face was blotched with red. His lips wobbled with the sobs he was trying to hold in. “That’s why he does it, why he hates me. Because he loved her so much. And I took her because I was stupid.”
It took literally a minute for them to be seated at a clean table, one side against the wall, with a little red candle between them. John stared down at the candle.
It started slowly, like it usually did. Sherlock got more excitable, more keen, and they did speed up a bit. It never got too fast, though, never frantic or hurried. Always just like two people enjoying the other’s company, even when Sherlock’s hand slid up John’s arm and held the back of his head, and when John’s hand rested on his thigh, stroking it slow, tiny circles.
Sherlock’s mouth opened and closed like that of a brainless fish as he tried to explain his thought process. “Chickens,” he came up with instead, floundering.
He was focusing on that when he realised Sherlock was staring at him. He looked up and cocked an eyebrow, wondering if maybe he was supposed to have said something else. “What about it?”
He cringed against the shrill call of her voice and nodded. “Yeah,” he mumbled. He reached up and tried to push the oxygen mask away, and she plucked his weak hand back and set it next to him again.
Sherlock suspected that he'd been a man from God knew where with some vague first aid training and a love of medical dramas. "Oh. Good."
John jumped again at an enraged yap that tore from the creature’s throat. Sebastian simply licked his teeth behind his lips and continued.
“Mm, I’m not sure yet,” Moran answered thoughtfully, glancing over John again. “I’m sure Jim can think of something creative. If not, the police will be more than willing to arrest someone in your situation for much less than today’s reasoning. Think about it.”
“Sleep?!” John shrieked, mocking outrage. It seemed that his voice was stuck on the ‘shout’ setting as he continued, cackling. “I’m not sleep, I had sleep! Why’s it so dark? It’s been sleep already. Lights on! Put all them on so they can see!”
Sherlock responded in kind, taking the cues from Sherlock’s body and doing the same thing again but with a few adjustments. After a moment he realised that the hard lump rubbing against his groin wasn’t only his own anymore, and he couldn’t help but smile as he started kissing down John’s cheek, along his jaw, down his neck, poking his chin down his collar to nip along his collarbone.
John, in fact, seemed almost upset when Sherlock’s hands landed hard on his shoulders and shoved him back fiercely. Sherlock stared at him, his expression a comic mock-up of horror and confusion as he looked desperately between John’s eyes, trying to unravel some sort of trick or elaborate ploy. John stared back in confusion and continued to stare as Sherlock glanced down to his crotch, and then back, and then his crotch, and then back again.
“You can’t change him, John,” Sherlock murmured, “and I don’t want you to wear yourself out trying when you need to be taking care of yourself.”
“John,” he grunted, hips pushing into John’s waist so he could press down against something solid. He groaned gently. “God, John.”
John had found the whole ordeal fascinating. He could only assume Fawnlock was something important, judging from the show that had been put on for him. He watched the markings that were drawn on so meticulously and automatically, like he’d done it so many times before. John wondered how many years Fawnlock had been doing them for, and how long it had been since he’d last painted them. John got the feeling they were for company only.
“Why did you call him Jim?” he blurted, risking a glance back to his side. The wolf-man looked amused. When he looked back, so did Sebastian.
John didn’t know what to say; his face remained an open book of hope, pride, and affection. Sherlock moved his head forwards and kissed him again, softly, slowly.
He wriggled on the seat but stayed put, not willing to get himself in any more trouble. The door opened a few minutes later and another man came in, this one in a suit without a jacket, holding another folder with two pens in his breast pocket. He smiled at John, and John wasn’t sure how, but it became clear that this man wasn’t a police officer.
Every single bloody afternoon for the past week I've thought "Oh, better upload chapter three tonight." Did I remember? No.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, one hand in his hair and the other on his lower back, encouraging his hips. “Are you—”
Two buses later they were en route to the closest side of Hackney, John all snug and bundled in the corner of the back bench and Sherlock settled in next to him. The sour look on his face was the greatest thing John had ever seen.
The next thing he knew there was cold wind in his face and ground under his backside. It took him a second to register the oxygen mask being hooked over his head and the blanket that had been draped over his shoulders. He lifted his hand – free hand? – up and tried to pull away the mask.
“I told them I was your boyfriend for two reasons: firstly, so they’d keep me close to you, and secondly, so they’d assume that your father had beaten you up because you were gay. A lie, sure, but it served my purposes. They treat hate crimes a bit differently to how they treat typical abuse, and I wanted them to be very thorough in your case.”
“Well, we’ve got the afternoon and then the evening and then the rest of the night. That’s three parts. There are two of us. I’ll take you out for the afternoon, you take me out for the evening, and then we can both have the rest of the night here.” Sherlock slipped his shoes back on. “I’m taking you to do what I see as a fantastic date, and then you can take me on the sort of date you’d take someone on. Does that make sense?”
Sebastian stuck out his bottom lip in an exaggerated pout and rested his chin in his palm. “Aw. Little Johnny scared of dogs?”
John looked at him, really looked at him, this strange friend that he’d grown so close to in the last few months. Someone he’d gone from never looking at to hiding behind in emergencies. He was glad Sherlock was there; he didn’t think any of the rest of his friends would have had the guts to come with him. “What’s happened to my dad and my sister?”
“John?” he asked, pushing himself onto hands and knees and glancing back down to his crotch. “Did you… You know. Did you?”
Sherlock licked his lips and then his teeth behind his lips, apparently slightly uncomfortable with the warm gratitude John was showing in the tiny little gesture. He nodded once, firmly, to himself, and then again at John. “Okay. Good.”
After an hour and a half of occasional chatter but mostly silence, Sherlock piped up. He’d been looking for information on starting relationships, general behaviour, thought process, anything to do with it, but instead had found something else, and this issue had him much more worried.
“Because I believe it’s in the best interests of your recovery to have a complete separation from him,” Greg said clearly.
John locked that trail of thought in a safe and changed direction to the part of the feeling that saw those brilliantly decorated antlers as a crown. He got the strangest feeling he was looking at royalty.
John didn’t have a reply to that, so he pushed the mask back into place and breathed for a little while. Sure enough, a short while later, a nurse came with a small top-up of morphine for him. As soon as it was pumped into the tap in his arm, his whole body relaxed, his breathing finally slowing slightly, though it remained ragged. He opened his eyes and finally looked at Sherlock clearly. As Sherlock looked right back, he could see every muscle in John’s body finally unwinding and loosening just the way they all needed to, and he couldn’t help but smile. Unfortunately, in his habit of noticing things, he also noticed the way John’s eyes widened slightly, and seemed to go just out of focus.
“I don’t have anyone to talk to,” Sherlock pointed out, closing the rumpled magazine he had and putting it at the top of his stack.
John, however, made a funny, teasing noise. He slid his hand up Sherlock’s front to grip his chin, squashing his cheeks and mouth until his lips were perked appropriately. “But were you enjoying to kiss me?”
John actually snorted a wheezy laugh just at the idea, and returned the oxygen mask to his face. The medication was helping, but he was still hurting – always was, these days, it seemed. Keeping still helped make it easier to tune out. But, really, who cared? His dad
John squirmed on the spot, his jaw tensing. He sank back onto his pillows, beginning to regret ever telling either of them. “I dunno. It doesn’t matter, I just wanted to talk.”
John grinned. He wasn’t exactly aroused, but he was happy to help Sherlock out and, if he was being honest, he expected his own little friend would pop up as soon as he got into the swing of things.
John was hardly paying attention. He was still staring at the inside of the building. It really was a fully-functioning bowling alley, only nobody was behind the counter. Lights were on and flashing and all of the lanes were lit up, each with bowling balls of all colours laid out neatly in front of the benches. All that was missing was the people. Well, and the music, but John didn’t exactly
“You say so often enough.” Sherlock smiled and kissed John’s forehead softly. With any luck, he wouldn’t remember any of it in the morning. “You’re lovely, you know. Perfect.”
He jumped and his eyes widened. He squirmed uselessly, trying to get away, and then shrieked and curled up at the pain flaring in his middle.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth perked into a little knowing smile. He allowed himself a tiny grin, hidden behind the magazine, and then wiped it off before lowering the article to his chest. He peered over to John, taking in his clothes (meticulously ironed and plucked about to his own satisfaction, as usual) and his hair (not particularly styled, but there were clearly attempts at neatening it up a bit) before picking the magazine up again.
“With pleasure,” John replied. He pulled away and then came back at a different angle, and Sherlock could feel the grin as their mouths pressed and worked together again.
“Oh.” Sherlock paused. “Right. Well, this park isn’t quite one from a romance film. There’s a secret society at the university campus near here that meet on Monday nights.”
Sherlock smiled. “Bossy.” He kissed John gently and then rested their foreheads together. “This’ll be very different to that. I’ll go slowly.”
“You’re so bloody much like her,” his dad growled. “You always have been, and I’ve had to live with that every day from that day to this. She died and you didn’t.”
John ended up answering “No” to every single question. When he moved onto the last paper, he had to refrain from rolling his eyes. This one seemed to be centred on panic attacks and his history with anxiety disorders. He’d have answered “No” to all of those, too, if it hadn’t been for his mishap earlier. Oh, and his haunting military past.
He had to slow to a walk halfway to his cottage, because no man could run that far, but he found another burst of energy when he saw the little nook in the side of the road where the footpath was. He started running again, lungs burning. He ignored them as he sprinted up to the house – lights off, but it was just turning evening, it was okay – and pounded on the door.
Did that make sense? Sherlock was sure it didn’t. Still, he smiled and moved closer. “That’s okay. You’re sure you’re alright?”
“Dunno. I don’t really go to Starbucks very often.” John frowned and looked up at him. “What would you recommend?”
“It’s okay,” he said, lips close to his ear. “You’re in hospital. Your dad got a bit too rough, but it’s all going to be sorted now, okay?”
Thank you so much for all the comments, kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks, anything else I've missed. You've been lovely and given me some great ideas.
, the only way to get John to comply with proper care was to convince him that it had nothing to do with him personally and everything to do with someone else. “
John dropped his chin into his hand, frustrated. He wished they could just get to the damn point, at least so he could get up and leave before they found him eavesdropping.
They walked like that for just a little while, Sherlock conducting John through backstreets and alleys and council housing estates, before he spotted a bunch of drunken kids whooping and prancing towards them from the other end of the road.
Fawnlock snorted, but he relaxed a little bit. Then John turned to the fridge, and he backed off a little bit. John’s hand hesitated over the handle.
John blinked at her. The entire courtroom gaped in unison. All she did was scrunch up the note and walk back out. Mr. Suit pulled another from his pocket, glancing over it presumably to check it was the right one before handing it over to the usher. The whole room remained relatively silent as messages were passed around and people began to slowly filter out. John himself was led back to his waiting room, where he thought he’d be for the next couple of hours, but it was minutes before a tall man in a grey suit came to join him.
He glanced between them with a keen smile. “Certainly. Here’s your wine, your glasses are on the table… I’ll leave this here for you.”
“Because he’s my dad, and I love him.” John snuck a hand up Sherlock’s chest and wiped his eyes. “And I have a sister.”
The oafs didn’t seem to hesitate, this time, before letting her go. Harriet glared fiercely at both of them, brushing herself and her dirty clothes down as John continued.
Sherlock was about to tell John he was very welcome, but then a warm little hand slipped into his and squeezed it and all the words he’d ever learnt flew right out of his head, so instead he just squeezed back, harder, and didn’t let go. Things went quiet for a few moments as they strolled back to the road they were meant to be on, only this time hand-in-hand. John was preoccupied with not burning himself on his hot chocolate and Sherlock was preoccupied with not pulling John’s hand into his chest and never letting go.
“Waiting for something you didn’t even know you were waiting for,” John pointed out. He reached up and stroked a tentative hand over Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock had three lines of his article left to read by the time he heard the muffled thuds of John’s feet on the stairs, but he deliberately paused and took his time. He practically lived for those moments when he heard John’s—ah, there it was, coming up right on cue:
“Handled worse than a phone call these last few years. I’m sure I’ll be fine. I just wanted to talk to him.”
“Where you look casual, I look underdressed. You can get away with overdressed, but I can’t get away with underdressed. Not with this face.”
Sherlock left his house immediately, a pen, pencil, and ruler in his coat pocket. He got the bus to John’s, fingers clenched around his phone the whole way there, but it didn’t go off once. He hoped it was because John didn’t need him and not because he couldn’t get to his phone. When he arrived he made a quick decision to go in through the window again instead of knocking on the front door, and he climbed over the gate and up the drainpipes until he was propped outside John’s window. He peeked over the windowsill to get a look in through the blinds, and it was just John, no burly father in sight. Just John, lying face-down on the floor with his hair blood-soaked and his hand bent the wrong way.
need you to take your medicine, and stay off your ankle, and get rest, and not aggravate your injuries.
“John,” Sherlock said, patting his hand and trying to loosen the grip. “If I leave, I’ll only stand outside. You’re going to be fine.”
John took a second to breathe and then got up, trusting it to stay when he went out to make himself some food. When he got back in the faun was playing with his windows, and he arrived just in time to see the latch unclick. The faun looked at him guiltily and threw his knife onto the floor.
“That’s because you’re still traumatised, and I’m doing my best to compensate for that,” Sherlock explained, and he kissed John’s head again.
John, for one, was still struggling to comprehend what he was seeing. It was one thing having to accept the existence of a creature that was half man and half deer, but being thrust into the path of something that seemed to be half man and half wolf just a week after? Too much.
It didn’t take too long for it to finish up its search. John could tell when it got bored, because the place suddenly got very quiet. He braced himself for another smash of sorts, but nothing came. As he began to relax he saw a mug float into the hall, followed by an antler, followed by some dark curls, and then, finally, a face. John smiled and sank down into his seat, letting it figure out itself how to leave if it wanted.
“I meant my pants,” he said, opening his top drawer and fishing out a black pair of boxer briefs. John was careful not to look. “What you’re wearing will be fine. We’re not going yet, anyway.”
Sherlock stared at him. It was obvious that John couldn't think very well right now – perhaps he needed some guidance. "Did you go to hospital?"
Both lay there panting for a few minutes, enjoying the warm skin pressed against theirs and basking in the spikes of orgasm still running through their veins.
But breakfast came first. Sherlock had a pastry, because he hadn’t slept in two days and he needed something to keep him going, and John had been given some plain toast and a glass of water to get him going. Then, both of them dying from boredom already, there was a knock on the door and two policemen let themselves in.
John heard another faint snort of laughter. He stood up and jogged down the rest of the stairs just in time to hear Moran mutter, with a smile in his voice, “Fucking knew it.”
“I’m sorry, ma’am. No visitors allowed right now.” The man was about her height but he was in a black uniform, and had that close-cut hair that could give anyone a sort of gruff aura, and his face left no room for argument.
Gingerly, he pulled his mask down and tapped Sherlock on the shoulder. “Phone password,” he whispered gently.
“Mm, what are you making?” Sherlock responded. He ran his hands through his hair, organising the curls and smoothing them down a bit. John noticed and smiled faintly. One day, he’d get to do that.
“They’re mental health assessments,” Dr. Garner supplied, picking a few sheets out for him and passing over a pen. “Take as much time as you need.”
“Hey,” John called out, hoping to alert it to his presence. He didn’t fancy a kick in the face from a wild animal. He didn’t get a response. “Can you hear me? No?”
“Oh,” he said instead. John knew that he knew, but was mostly just glad he hadn’t said anything. “I haven’t been since… Oh, I don’t know, 2008, maybe. I think I’d lost my poppy, gone to buy another, and simply gotten caught up in it all.”
Sherlock had been hoping to find a cab, but unfortunately they were both without opportunity and a destination for the moment. He began to lead John to the station, and by the time they were going down to the right platform for Central London John had gotten off the phone.
He put the bottle in a cooler and left it on the table, hurrying off to put in a good word for their food.
Maybe just to try wouldn’t be so bad. Kissing couldn’t be that hard, he’d done it himself a few times. He’d never kissed because he actually wanted to kiss someone, though. Was that different?
“Need some sort of idea, John. I don’t want to mess this up.” Sherlock brought one hand down and began unbuttoning John’s shirt.
John frowned, now more irritated as a blush heated his face. “That wasn’t my main concern, if I’m honest.”
isn’t the office, you idiot.” Sebastian rolled his eyes and clamped his hands on John’s shoulders, steering him around to a door in the corner that was marked with a silver plate that read ‘PRIVATE’. John had to admit, he was relieved.
John pressed his ear to the crack next to his bedroom door. He didn’t bother trying the knob; he knew it’d be locked. That was what came with experience, he supposed. He no longer received any unpleasant surprises. There was a lot of unpleasant stuff on its own, to put it mildly, but it was bearable, because these days he always knew what was coming. His dad was finally running out of tricks. Sure, it meant that John was suffering more from the classics (his dad had to make up for his lack of creativity somehow, after all) but he didn’t care. Back in the day, the terror of not knowing what to say, or do, or how far it would go, had been the worst of all.
He didn’t know where or when the teacher had gone. They said they’d tried to call his dad and he hadn’t answered – he wasn’t surprised, if they’d left a message. John told them he was probably busy at work.
“Come. Telly,” John said softly, patting the side of Fawnlock’s head and gesturing towards the TV. The rain was only a light shower. He hoped it had signal, because it had the other day.
“Where are they?” he insisted, trying to pull away. “Please don’t take him. Don’t do it. Please. Please, please, please.”
Around the corner from where the cars, with their headache-inducing lights and wince-worthy sirens, were pulling away, Sherlock turned back to John, eyes bright.
John turned the TV off and stood up, stretching backwards. “Right, that. What sort of proper shoes?”
John looked at Sherlock. Sherlock gave him a confident smile. He’d twist it any way they could to get John to stay with him.
“You’re tired,” John retaliated accusingly. Then, immediately, he closed his eyes, defeated. “Okay.”
When John’s coat was on the rack, he turned to watch Sherlock hang up his scarf, a longing expression on his face. Sherlock slowly turned to face him, the same look on his own. Right there, in front of their wide-open front door, they wrapped their arms around each other and they kissed.
The afternoon passed easily. They ate their sandwiches together in front of the TV, John’s leg occasionally brushing Sherlock’s as he shifted around. Sherlock, on his part, wasn’t really sure of their boundaries yet – were they allowed to be sitting this close? Would it have been okay for him to put his arm over John’s shoulders and pull his head down to rest on his shoulder? Would John have minded if he rested his hand on his thigh? He resolved to consult the magazines after lunch, sure that he’d seen questions like that in them before.
His father went quiet for a second. “You’re barking mad,” he muttered. “And there’s no way I’m going to prison for premeditated murder. Clever, but I’m not gonna do it.”
“Wh-what… Who… How…” John tried and failed several times to make a sentence. By the time he’d gathered himself again, Sebastian had settled into his chair at his desk and was grinning at the pair of them. John’s fist ached to feel Moran’s jaw dislocating. Instead, he jerked a finger to his side. “What’s that?”
“I told you they were beautiful,” Sherlock murmured, and John had to wonder when he’d managed to sit next to him without him noticing the dip in the bed. He, instead of following John’s line of sight to the moths, was gazing at John. “You told me it was odd.”
You would give the shirt off your fucking back for people, and everyone knows it. You’re the one that should’ve gotten the posh university money, and gotten the proper education, not me. So if you want to be a doctor, forget about Dad, and go and be a doctor. If that’s what you want, I’ll do what I can to help, even if it means stealing you some proper books to read.” She smiled. “One of us has to turn out decent, John, and I’d rather it be you.”
John sat up. He took a tissue from the bedside table and wiped down his front (and his back) before rolling over. He was smaller than Sherlock but was still quite proud of how fully he managed to spoon him, one arm sliding around his waist and the other over his shoulder to hug his chest.
John frowned at him scornfully in the rear view mirror and happened to catch his own reflection as he did. He didn’t hear Moran’s self-satisfied chuckle, mostly because he was so taken aback by the sight of himself.
“I’m right beside you,” John echoed again, an excitable smile on his face. The mask was back down by his neck, but he seemed alright, so Sherlock let it slide. Before he could answer, however, John turned his head to look at him, suddenly serious. At a delicate whisper, as if anybody were about to walk in, he said, “Sherlock, are we boyfriends?”
“Whoops. Sorry. I meant wolves.” He sighed and leant back in his chair again. He was obviously waiting for something, but John couldn’t for the life of him think of what he could be expecting.
John had been expecting much more than for him to sit up and pull the clothes off his upper half, but he hadn’t been disappointed. He’d seen Sherlock’s chest before, just a couple of times, but it had never looked so attractive before tonight. He put it down to the soft lighting; it made him look so much warmer. It gave his skin a real tone instead of that beautifully pale but hard shade of cream it held normally. John smiled when Sherlock bent down again, expecting the kisses to return – and, again, was surprised. An arm dipped beneath him and lifted his torso up while the other pulled his open shirt off, and, just like that, they were topless and kissing and things felt much more realistic.
John had only taken ten minutes to fill out the hundred questions, and he handed it back with a confident swish of his hand. Adam raised his eyebrows and glanced over the sheets.
John had gotten awfully breathless again. So had Sherlock, just from the faint brush of the head of his cock over John’s hole.
His eyes snapped open (when had they shut?) when he heard a familiar little bus rattling along. He didn’t recognise the driver, but that was nothing unusual. He went and settled into the back bench, pulling out his phone to start writing a list. He didn’t want to forget anything today.
The faun shook his head and plastered on a little smile, turning back to watch the TV again. John didn’t believe nothing was wrong for an instant, but he’d already experienced how stubborn his new housemate could be. He exhaled noisily and stood up.
John almost gasped audibly when he heard the words. He heard silence on the other end – perhaps his dad was just as shocked at the revelation as he was. Fresh tears rolled down his cheeks at the prospect that maybe he father was finally beginning to realise how badly John was affected.
John threw the torchlight at the person’s head. It was almost fully covered by that overgrown hair, and John reached a hand forward to flick away some of the strands. He lost his crouched balance and fell backwards into the mud when he saw a human face behind the flattened waves of hair.
“I’m sorry for being such a pussy all the time,” John whined, pulling away from Sherlock and scrubbing his face with his hands. “I don’t know why I can’t just fucking
The next week flew by in a whirlwind of comfort, teaching, learning, exploring. John had never been happier, although the idea of his best friend being an animal was slightly unnerving. He supposed the best friend thought he was an animal, too, though, so that made him feel a bit better.
As soon as it slammed there was an almost comically timed clap of thunder. It was the most interesting thing to happen to him in weeks, and that realisation made him sad. After a moment of standing under the small porch he headed out into the dark afternoon for a thorough soaking. Perhaps a touch of sickness would provide him with something different, or at least an excuse to get back into the city.
“Don’t be silly,” Sherlock scolded softly, rooting through his pockets until he could press a tissue into John’s uncoordinated hand. “You’re going to get lots of hugs, and then you’ll wonder why you ever thought you could live without them.”
“Come on, this is your chance. You’re always being so fucking grumpy about not being able to take direct control, and here’s your opportunity. Are you gonna take it or not?”
“We’ve radioed in for an ambulance. Just need to make sure you’re alright,” the officer said, smiling calmly at both of them. He looked at Sherlock. “Who are you?”
A pause. “Oh.” Sherlock looked down at himself. He couldn’t for the life of him figure out what John had just decided, so he took a guess and answered the question he’d been asked. “You got blood on me back at your house. It’s fine, my mother can get rid of anything.”
When he got no reply to that, John started to get nervous again. What if they weren’t real police officers? Had he just given himself over to a kidnapper? Or, worse, some sort of crime ring? What sort of criminals would want to kidnap
“Yet again, John, that’s exactly what I was suggesting,” Sherlock pressed, pushing John’s hands from his knees so he could stand up. “I need to change.”
John blushed deeply and rolled onto his back with a long-suffering greeting. Sherlock’s eyes lingered on his face before he too rolled over and sat up.
“Actually, forget coffee. I’ll have a hot chocolate, thanks.” With a teasingly broad grin, John smacked both hands down on Sherlock’s back and walked him to the line. “Take your time. It’s toasty warm in here.”
Sherlock nodded slowly. John’s tone was very matter-of-fact, but he seemed to be unaware of just how sad he looked. It caused that pained flutter in Sherlock’s chest to rise again, and he took a deep breath, put the photo in John’s pocket, and went to sit in his chair to await his tea. In reflection, he thought maybe he should have asked about the photo later.
John didn’t say anything. He flexed his toes to ease the nervous jolts going through his legs, and then stood up much more firmly than he’d expected to. Moran still towered over him, but so did most people and there wasn’t much he could do about that. With an impatient glance at John – obviously checking him for signs of a fight – he turned around and kicked the door open. In a blink, he was gone. John had to run to catch up.
After a few handfuls of soiled wood that disintegrated under his fingers, he finally resorted to pushing it from the thickest part at the end closest to the tree. A heave or two later, the animal was free, but still didn’t move; not that John had expected it to. He swiped the back of his hand over his forehead and then crouched down to appraise it, shining the torch over its body. It didn’t have markings or colours he’d seen on any animal before but he most definitely wasn’t an expert. It was pale, a very pale tawny colour, from what he could see through the mud and grime, the fur going dark over what John assumed was a head and shoulders.
“That’s his name,” Moran shrugged, smiling briefly at Jim. The answer only filled John’s head with a dozen more questions, but Moran didn’t seem to be willing to let him talk any more. “I was going to break this to you slowly, John, I really was, but some this giant twat here clearly decided that my methods of dealing with things weren’t good enough. Said giant twat will now attempt to eat my hand tonight while I sleep for saying that, but whatever.” John was getting lost very quickly. “My point is I wanted to strike a deal with you.”
John stood up, but his steps faltered and it took him a second to remember how to walk. On his way past, Sebastian leant in and muttered near his ear.
would treat anyone else in the same situation that you’re in right now. I need you to hold yourself to the same standard of care that everyone else around here is getting. I need you to do that for me, John.”
“Besides,” John said quietly, “we’re going to university next year. I’m getting out. It just takes patience.”
John glanced down at Sherlock’s crotch and blushed slightly. His own groin had managed to keep itself contained, apparently. “I didn’t mean to. Is that okay?”
"I don't need help," John said defensively, and the clean side of his face blushed pink to match the injured side. "I'm fine."
“Please don’t say eggs again,” John joked. He pulled on Sherlock’s bum and pecked his mouth. “Just… Okay. Don’t worry. Keep going, keep… Quiet.” He laughed. “Please, keep going.”
“That’s how you got in,” John mused quietly. He sat down in his chair and kept his eyes on the window. The faun stayed sat below it, trying not to look proud at the tone of John’s voice. “You picked the locks, you little menace.”
As he walked, mud and leaves caking his shoes and rain mercilessly battering his face, he used that train of thought to keep himself occupied.
John glanced around Sherlock’s room with a proud grin. Then he rubbed his hands together, shut the door behind him, and went to make himself a cheese sandwich.
“Sherlock,” John wheezed, rubbing his eyes. He waved a hand between the both of them. “Friend from school. Harry, my sister. Sherlock, Harry, Harry, Sherlock.”
All of this complaining, of course, was deflection. She wasn’t an idiot, and she understood perfectly well the tensions that had been roasting their house for the last six years, but, in all that time, she’d never seen it escalate beyond a one-night trip to the hospital. Those policeman had told her that it had all happened three days ago. Three days ago, on Sunday, when she’d last walked out to go and see a fun old friend for a few days. Three days ago, when she’d left her baby brother on his own against their burly, drunken father.
“With Clara,” she replied dismissively. “Jesus Christ, John, are you alright? They wouldn’t let me stay the night. I had no idea what was going on. What happened?”
Sebastian just rolled his eyes, letting his arms fall back to his sides. “Please, John. It wasn’t a courtroom of people, it was the entire building. I’m not that unprofessional.”
the wrong thing to say, he decided, but John was still going, and he couldn’t think of a single thing to say to make it better.
It was late afternoon when John started back for the bus stop. He was walking through the market square, now with people packing away their goods and tables, when he stopped. He wasn’t sure why he did. What was so appealing about vegetable seeds? He wasn’t a gardener. He didn’t know how to garden.
“Over there,” Sherlock muttered, pointing at a man in perfectly fitting waiter’s clothing and too much hair gel. He was coming towards them from the back of the restaurant with a tray under his arm and a really ridiculously large grin on his face. John’s eyes caught on the little poppy in his uniform and, suddenly, he softened.
helping, and it’s not as fucking simple as that, alright?” John sat up suddenly with the intention of looking her right in the eye. “I think you’re forgetting that he’s
“John,” Sherlock said softly, wrapping him up in his arms and holding him close. John winced. He loosened his hold slightly. “They’re just policemen. They’re going to help.”
He took a fork and his plate into the living room to sit on the floor next to Fawnlock, just enjoying his company. He’d eaten half of his meal when he realised how silent it was. When he lifted his head, Fawnlock was staring at him again.
For the most part, he stayed quiet. His statement had been taken the night before, so all he was there for was to translate when John was finding something difficult to say or ask a question he hadn’t thought of. Every time he spoke, the lady gave him a disgruntled look. He got the distinct feeling that she didn’t really want him to be there at all, but she could piss right off, because he wasn’t going anywhere.
John nodded. “Just checking.” He put a hand up and stroked over his own with the pad of his index finger to ensure his pin was still in place. He’d checked it a few times already, but once more wouldn’t hurt.
“Fawnlock,” John breathed, his face cracking into a smile. As far as he could see, Fawnlock wasn’t hurt. Good. That was good. “Door. Open the door.”
John wasn’t surprised when he didn’t get an answer, but he hoped that maybe he hadn’t spoken loud enough.
To bloody Mr Hart, for letting his dad hear the rustle of the biscuits he’d snuck up to his room on Saturday afternoon because he hadn’t eaten since Friday morning – and Mr Hart, who’d been sitting at home with Miss Hart while John had to throw up every last sopping crumb.
“Okay, thank you. There’s a police car coming to you now. Once the scene is secure, an ambulance will arrive to see to you. Hang in there.”
“I broke in. Came in the window. I saw he needed help, he was just lying there.” Sherlock squeezed John gently.
“You want one?” he asked, his voice thick, and he cleared his throat with an embarrassed frown and tried again. “Would you like a cup?”
“You don’t have any idea where to take me,” Sherlock deduced with a smile. He slid his hand back into John’s. It was a lot warmer than it had been earlier – but, then again, they’d been chasing that last drug dealer for a while. John’s hand curled around his like another glove.
John nodded eagerly and pecked his lips. Sherlock took that as his cue and, taking a firmer hold on his cock and moaning softly, he pushed. And then he pushed a bit harder, and a bit further. And then he pushed just a little bit more, probably more of a rock than a push that time, just to check that everything was alright. John’s breathing had gotten awfully laboured and he was staring up at the ceiling with wide eyes.
John’s heart sank. This had been a horrible idea. “Sorry,” he said automatically. “I’m gonna be a man, though. I’m gonna join the army for you.”
John didn’t seem to realise that he hadn’t actually made any room for Sherlock at all, but he didn’t mind. With another smile, Sherlock stood and bodily lifted John, hefting him from the bed and setting him down a bit further over. To his credit, John didn’t make any noise at all.
He knew what the officers were doing; gathering up their evidence for a court hearing that would send him to
They were close, so close. John remembered every instance in the last few days where Sherlock had held his hand, kissed his head, or stroked his hair. He had to return the favour, clearly. With a watery smile and a swift movement of his hand from a chin to a chest, he turned his head and kissed Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock, where he lay, felt warmth bloom right from the middle of his chest and flush outwards. He fought to avoid squirming on the spot.
“You told me not to be a doctor!” John cried, pressing his face against the wall. He didn’t have the strength for this. He shouldn’t have called. “‘n anyway, I’m joining the army, I’m gonna be a soldier. That’s what you wanted. I don’t understand.”
With a frustrated sigh, he slammed his book shut and left it on the table by his chair. He tried the TV again – still no signal. He listened for a second, and, yes, it was still pissing with rain. How wonderful. He considered putting the kettle on to boil again, but it didn’t seem worth it. He’d already tried to see how many cups he could make in five minutes. There was a tally on the back of an envelope still left on the kitchen counter.
“Were you licking me?” Now it was John’s turn to look at Fawnlock like he was doing something gross. Fawnlock didn’t understand. “You, lick me.” He stuck out his tongue and pointed at it. “Did you lick me?”
And they dragged. Sherlock’s phone was dead and they had no TV. John was in no state to be walking down to the lounge, either. They sat and suffered, eventually wolfing down lunch before sitting and groaning a bit more. John needed a top-up of medication after they’d eaten, but he requested a smaller dose to keep his mind sharp and his food down. They obliged.
His case wasn’t called for two hours. He was sat in a little room with a single chair and a window and told to wait, hands still bound. A supervised toilet trip was offered, which he politely declined. Not long after that the door opened again and another police officer he didn’t recognise beckoned him over.
blog – he was quite proud) and that was much more tasty than the wine had been. Sherlock had been right about the tagliatelle, though John wasn’t sure why.
“Oh. Yep, great plan. That shouldn’t take too long.” John turned on the stairs and threw a frown over his shoulder at Sherlock.
John wiped his eyes a little less subtly this time, and sniffed a lot harder. How dare people say nice things about him? “Well, thanks, but I don’t want to be a doctor anymore.”
Every day from then on, he found a packet of crisps in his bag at lunchtime. Every day from then on, he smiled at Sherlock when he found him staring. Every day from then on, school felt less like a booby-trapped swamp he had to crawl through and more like a safeplace.
He shook his head clear and sat down with his dinner in front of a TV that still didn’t have signal. Once he’d left his plate in the sink, he fished out his laptop from the bedroom and sat at his desk. He connected the printer up and put the memory card in from his camera. A few minutes later he smiled victoriously as he hung his new photo on the wall above his desk.
"No," Sherlock said, turning his head to look at John. They'd cleaned him up since his dad had gone to bed but it was obvious he was still in pain and completely out of it. "Your shoulder okay?"
He started feeling down the man’s limbs, distinctly avoiding any contact within a ten-inch radius of the groin area. Nothing felt broken, with was a good sign. There were a few things niggling at the back of John’s mind about this man, and a few things that were a bit strange about him, but John didn’t want to pay attention to those. He needed this; he needed
The first thing on his list was the library. He had to do some research on this faun thing, and he got the feeling that Google wasn’t entirely the best place for it. He’d need books of myths and legends, not just artwork of fantasies. Next up was the bank, and then the market. He needed money and he needed food. He’d had to throw all of the half-eaten things on the compost.
“‘m sorry,” John said again, shaking his head until Sherlock’s hand fell. “Really, really sorry. And don’t say that it’s okay, or that it’s what friends do, because it’s not. It’s… completely out of line for me to dump everything on you like this. I’m sorry for kissing you, and I’m sorry you have to waste your time keeping me company when all I do is cry and puke. You can go if you want. I won’t keep you anymore.”
Moran rolled his eyes and landed a hand on John’s back, shoving him forwards. He couldn’t help a smug grin at the flinch he felt go through John’s body on contact. “Just get in, alright?”
Sherlock’s head snapped up and he stared at John in disbelief before repeating the same movement down to the right millimetre. John did it again, a little stronger this time. He grinned at Sherlock.
the larger one shrieked. Sherlock immediately felt awful for his lack of concern, as John was clearly suffering very much, and at his hands, no less, so he reached over and clamped a hand around the biggest one’s mouth, wrenching him away and off of John. He threw him down onto the pavement and his drunken body was too slow and clumsy to reach out in time and break his fall. His head connected with the pavement with a dull thud and he was out cold straight away.
“What d’you think happened?” John sighed. Sherlock had pulled out his phone to let them talk it through without distraction. “Dad’s just… not well.” Not a complete lie, was it?
The chorus vibrated amongst the gathering, and then a bugle sounded from somewhere towards the bandstand with the Last Post. Eyes closed and heads dropped, and Sherlock, for once in his life, thought about the compassion and respect that people could show when they tried. He thought about how beautiful humanity could be. Nothing could atone for the horror that the World Wars had been, but, by God, could humanity try. It was beautiful.
Get it down there he did, but he started very generously. At first it was just a slow rub against his hole, easing the tension and reminding him of what it felt like. All the while he kissed him in the hopes that the familiarity of his mouth would sooth the discomfort he was feeling. Because he
He smirked and then went on, continuing to squeeze a third finger in. He had to pause for a while longer this time while John got used to it, and, where the others had taken just a minute or less of slow pumps for the burn to fade away, three fingers took a little longer. Sherlock was getting incredibly impatient, especially now that he knew how to make it feel good and each moan John gave him wound him up a little tighter.
“Thanks,” John murmured awkwardly, stepping past him and beginning up the stairs as he closed the door quietly behind them. Sherlock didn’t say anything but he could hear him following him up. The silence drifted on between them as they took their coats off and hung them up.
Remand… He was going to get sent to prison until his trial. Sent to prison. Until his trial. His trial, that could take anywhere up to a year to roll around. He couldn’t go to prison. Jesus. No. This wasn’t happening. He didn’t think he’d ever wanted his boring little cottage as much as he wanted it right then.
Moran took a second to breathe before he began. “My name is Sebastian Moran. I’m here under the alias Tim Foster. I stopped your hearing and stole the keys to your handcuffs because I have a little deal to make with you, and, whether you like it or not, you’re coming with me. So you can either give me a smile and thank me for being such a generous person and having the mercy to release you, or you can continue to be an irritating bastard and I’ll just shoot you into submission and drag you with me.” He said it so easily, as if he hadn’t just pulled out a handgun and wasn’t tossing it between his hands in an odd juggle of keys and illegal firearms.
“No, it’s not,” Moran frowned, crossing his arms. John wondered how he managed to look so offended, and decided very quickly that he was insane. It was the only sensible explanation.
“Dr. Watson,” the man smiled. He put his hands in his trouser pockets. John frowned. “Sebastian Moran. Let’s make a deal.”
It stared at him again. John felt himself clutching at his last shreds of hope as he drew the word out a bit, emphasising the syllables when he caught its eyes on his mouth. “Hu-man.”
Of course, it was also the explanation that told John he’d just been kidnapped by a madman with a gun, which was both extremely dangerous and bad news for any escape plans he might have had.
As soon as they were at the little clearing Fawnlock dropped John’s hand and headed straight for his shelter. He pulled out several handfuls of bush vines and creepers and laid them carefully over the ordered collection of John’s things, effectively covering them from the spitting rain that had started to fall. Satisfied, he nodded curtly and grasped John’s hand again to lead him back to his cottage.
Carrying him back to the cottage was easy – for as tall as he seemed, the guy wasn’t that heavy. John started worrying about BMIs until he reached the door and got to his true difficulty.
Once his inspection was done, John stood up. When had he ever knelt so close in the first place? He took a few steps back and remembered the head wound. Yes. Right. He had work to do.
John took Fawnlock’s hand on the way past him and led him to the bedroom. Then he stripped his trousers, chucked on some pyjamas, and crawled into bed.
“You’re hilarious,” John said light-heartedly, but his face was stern. “Really, you’re truly hilarious. Who are you? What are you doing here?”
“Alright. I’ll be in the liv—um, I’ll be through there. I go there, yes?” John pointed with his thumb from himself to the area behind him and nodded. He walked backwards until he reached the room and then had to sidestep in order to get to his chair. The wall that appeared and blocked his view of the faun broke the terrifyingly intense eye contact and John gave in, waiting patiently in his chair.
“It’s called Getti. She’s going to text me the address.” John’s phone went back into his pocket as the signal died. “Heard of it?”
afraid of him, however, with the confidence and elegance it conducted itself with. John had to wonder if he’d ever be that gracious with a concussion. He doubted it.
He laughed again, earning another strange look from his visitor, before he tucked into his food. He was finishing off his last bite when it finally came to him. The perfect name.
Sherlock sighed. “I know you’re not stupid, John. You know that I see things, and I can see things in you.”
Fawnlock nodded and reached up to take off his floral embellishments, but John caught his hand and shook his head.
Once he was finished he requested another cup of water and then returned both the tray and the cup together, leaving them by the door to his cell as he’d been instructed before. Then, feeling a bit more energised and ready to face the world again, he returned to his bench to fold his blanket and smooth out his pillow.
Still, he started where he thought it had been and worked forwards. Then, when he’d gone far enough, he went right and swept back to the cottage. It was only when he searched left that he made any progress.
“Oh, I’m not so sure about that,” Sebastian argued with a little shrug. He put his feet up on his desk and scratched at his chin. “Retired war veteran with episodes of PTSD and absolutely no proof of where he is at any given time? I could use that. I could use that a
Sherlock was elbowed a lot in the next few minutes. He tried to follow the table John was on and keep close, but there was a set of double doors that he was prevented from gaining access to. DI Lestrade was allowed in, as he was John’s acting legal guardian for the time being, but Sherlock had to wait in a small plastic chair with a second officer. They called his brother to come, instead.
“I don’t understand. He’s hurting you, John.” Sherlock dropped his cheek to the top of John’s head. “Why do you want to stay here?”
“I’m not reading all of them. I need to look some things up.” Sherlock put them on the floor and then took a seat in his armchair. “You carry on, don’t mind me.”
“I really don’t understand what’s happened,” John admitted worriedly, his hand still safely keeping Sherlock’s. “I’m sorry. You need to actually
On Harry’s part, she was trying to pretend she didn’t notice how tightly she was squeezing him. John looked bad – really bad. It had been three days, and there was a misshapen bruise still flowering in purple on his jaw, an ugly brace strapped to his ankle, and a clean white cast on his wrist. Under her fingers, she could feel both the edges of a chest wrap, and a few too many protruding bones. The gaunt look he had about him said he hadn’t slept in weeks, and she was going to hug him forever for letting any of this happen.
It continued to stare at John until he gradually disappeared through the doorway of the living room. John glanced at the cracked open front door, wondering why it didn’t just leave. Then he remembered what it had done to the kitchen.
“They’ve assigned him a social worker, a therapist, and his own personal police officer. My brother will be pushing to have him housed with us,” Sherlock replied blandly, still scrolling aimlessly along the screen of his phone.
Sherlock knew John must have had every word of the conversation memorised. He gave him a suspicious look, but didn’t push his luck. Instead, he pouted. “You could’ve woken me up first.”
Still, they were crazy to think that John would just admit outright that he was sharing a bed with an impossible myth of a creature.
Fawnlock, who was using the shallow bed of the river as a reflection so he could draw green vines over his face with the water-softened paint mixture and the exceptionally thin brush he’d created. John watched from a few paces back as he painted a vine with a few leaves around the dark patch of his left eye and then moved on to paint himself a sort of necklace of vines that went over his collarbone and ‘hung’ just below the dip at the base of his neck.
Sherlock was awake, watching John, all night. He watched the readings on the screen from the peg on his finger, and he watched his wheezing chest, and he watched his arms, vowing to go out in search of another blanket at the first sign of goosebumps. Nothing happened until the next morning, when John woke up in pain so intense that it sent him roaring into a similar state of distress to the one he’d experienced the night before. He was starting to liken them to panic attacks, though he had no idea if that was what they were.
“I’m only nice to you,” he reminded him, rolling onto his side and resting his hand on John’s hip to keep him from moving so much. “And you’re really drugged right now, so keep that in mind before you do something you’re going to get embarrassed about later. Put your mask back on.”
“Right,” John murmured, taking a step back to let Moran lead the way. He glanced over towards the deserted streets, wondering how far across the open road he’d get before he got shot.
Then the guilt set in. Maybe today hadn’t been the best day to start off a… A whatever it was, with Sherlock. This was supposed to be a peaceful day of remembering loved ones, thanking the fallen, and here he was ignoring his own past and everyone else’s by sleeping with his flatmate. At least, he was classing it as sleeping with him.
“I’ve got a pain in my chest,” Sherlock complained, patting the spot over his heart. “I don’t understand what it is. I get it all the time when I’m around you, it just… Every time you say things, it gets worse, it gets tighter, but then it loosens again, and I see you do something tiny or insignificant and it gets worse again. What’s that?”
He couldn’t blame it, really. He was curious, too, otherwise he’d likely have just put it back where he’d found it once he’d fixed it up. He sighed and settled down into a chair to listen and wait.
“Watson,” Sebastian barked, entirely unamused by John’s sudden stop. He cocked a mocking eyebrow at him when his head snapped up in shock. “Get up and follow me. Don’t make me shoot you, alright? It’ll just be a fucking bugger to clean up.”
“If you’ll just get up here for me, and lie down,” he instructed, gesturing towards the bed. John followed. “It’s probably not necessary but these seats are for me and your policeman. Are you still experiencing any loss of breath, nausea, or dizziness?”
John, his face crumpled behind the oxygen mask and his hands, sniffed hard. “I told him,” he sobbed, and a few sharper sniffs overtook his choked voice. His eyes were closed, but more fat tears still striped his cheeks. “I, on the phone, I said… I’d go over. He could… he could…”
He was only halfway deep in John at that point, but it was enough for both of them. John moaned afresh every few thrusts, as Sherlock, having identified the magic spot, was careful not to abuse it too much. He knew things like that, recognised which places John liked and how, exactly, to get to them, so it was no difficulty for him to thrust up once and then straight a few times and then up once more. He went slowly, pressing kisses along John’s chest and up his neck and over his face and anywhere he could reach. He only just managed to stop himself from saying ‘thank you’.
John’s heart was pounding by the time they got to the doorway just a few seconds later; being in the hands of a professional criminal was one thing, but being held at gunpoint by one that belonged in a hospice was altogether twice as terrifying. He was just waiting for the psychotic breakdown.
“Curious. Tell me.” Sherlock settled a hand on his chest and tipped his head back, closing his eyes.
“Wh-what? What are you—John!” Sherlock was standing before he’d even realised that John had hold of his wrists.
John almost interrupted him in his eagerness to say, “Don’t worry about it, Sherlock. Please. I don’t mind. It was just… funny.”
It wasn’t that John begrudged her getting off lightly. Of course he didn’t; she was his sister, and he loved her. It was just that, sometimes, he wondered if she actually saw how bad he had it. The evidence was right in front of her, and she was warning him how badly he’d get shouted at. It was surreal.
“No, not tonight.” Sherlock glanced down the road, eyes narrowing as he looked for something. John had no idea what he was looking at; they were still pretty close to home.
“I’m…” He hesitated a moment, in his thrusts and in his voice, and then spluttered on. “Inside you. With… with my penis.”
Sherlock looked haggard. His hair was a mess, and there was blood all over him – though Mycroft could tell immediately that it wasn’t his. He frowned and slid into the warm chair that the officer had vacated.
John had his hands clasped in front of him and his head dropped, but it was the gentle nudge he did against his own shoulder that brought his attention. Had John just scratched his cheek with that rub, or had he wiped his eyes? Sherlock’s eyes widened, but before he could panic he cocked his head forwards and listened, watched the gentle hitches of breath in his back and shoulders. Yes. He was crying.
“The only person getting beaten half to death next time is Dad,” Harry said cheerfully. John could hear the murder in her sing-song voice. “Go be a doctor. Be whatever you want. Just don’t let that drunk bastard dictate your life.”
“Are you alright?” he asked as he moved, looking Fawnlock over. “Did anybody come? Anybody at the door?”
John whined hopelessly and dropped his face into his hands. He didn’t think he’d survive out here much longer. Sure, he’d been good at fieldwork, but not… Not
They were at the restaurant in just ten minutes, and John let Sherlock pay as he perused the outside.
This time they were walking for a while. Sherlock knew every street in London, and he was walking them towards a park which had a small wood that doubled as a prime dogging spot in its spare time. He supposed John wouldn’t be too keen on the dogging (not that he knew everything about the man) but if it was used for that, what was to say it wouldn’t be used for other adult things at night, too? It was a good twenty minute walk before they got there, but Sherlock let John sort his clothes out on the way so he was a bit warmer and looked a bit more normal.
Shockingly enough for Sherlock, the dinner passed… well, not very boringly. The wine was taken back and a better bottle was brought to them on the house. The food arrived within the next fifteen minutes (fastest service John had ever had at a place like this, and it was courtesy to
Sherlock laughed softly. He wondered how long these effects would last, because he was supposing now that he could get used to them. “Goodnight, John.”
“I really think you’re going to wrong way,” he muttered, shaking his head with an awfully tired look on his face.
He waited for a few seconds, hearing scratching and steps but no voices. Then, out of the blue, he heard someone pick up the phone. No voice came.
,” he could imagine his dad saying. He could imagine the three deep creases in his pink forehead deepening, and he could see the thick knuckles on his dirty hands turn white. “
“Piss off,” John muttered sourly. Sebastian chuckled. Then he crouched down so he was below John; trying to pose as little threat as possible, he supposed, though he wasn’t sure why.
“Why would you care? You’ve been wanting to get rid of me for ages. Your sister would have done it better than you.”
Sherlock had already gotten the door open when John made it to the steps, and he walked ahead inside but held the door for him.
Despite what he believed, however, the deer-man deposited his armful by the front door but didn’t leave. He stared at John for a long time. John stayed completely still. Finally it started to move again, but this time it seemed a less thorough exploration. John felt bad for watching, though he knew better than to stand up when it was already afraid.
Fawnlock ignored the question and instead leapt into the kitchen himself to scavenge his own delicious vegetarian option. John followed with a quiet chuckle and reheated himself some leftovers. The crunches from Fawnlock’s raw cabbage and potatoes meal drifted through from the living room. TV must have gone off again. Damn thing.
He wasn’t sure how long they’d spent there just enjoying their own new worlds, but his stomach gave a loud rumble and the faun was up and scrambling back immediately, glaring at John’s abdomen.
John spent the next few hours wallowing in self-pity before he heard the door clunk open again. He had to admit it wasn’t the most productive use of his time, but it wasn’t like he had other pressing matters he could attend to. He forced his eyes open, trying to keep his thoughts more hopeful; masochism didn’t get anybody anywhere. There had to be something he could do. When he sat up and looked around there were two officers looking decidedly indifferent coming to open his cell. Strangers, yet again. How many people worked here, anyway?
All were added to his pile, and John finally managed to catch a glimpse of a fluffy deer tail when he crouched and transferred his new pile onto his old one. While it was distracted, John took a chance.
It was another two hours before he was allowed in to see John. His brother followed at his heels, a supportive but not intrusive presence as he was lead to a private room and shown in. Mycroft waited outside.
He watched as the wind beat ruthlessly through the trees, saw how fast the clouds were going. His thoughts drifted along to the faun. He hoped it had somewhere warm – which was ridiculous, because it had obviously been surviving for a while.
Sherlock had forgotten. He nodded, sending John a reassuring smile. In all honesty, he completely agreed, but for different reasons: he wanted John to himself for a while. He wanted to make him feel good. When he didn’t take his menu from where it was standing on the table, Sherlock closed his own and put it down.
“Have the tagliatelle,” Sherlock suggested. “I didn’t make you run off with me. I just knew you would.”
They were climbing over thick shrubbery, and John didn’t want to think about what would have happened if he fell, so he focused on where Fawnlock seemed to stop just halfway up the tree. When John looked up again, Fawnlock was climbing down the other side. John frowned and climbed faster to catch up with him.
Once his hands had been freed he took his time remembering the number correctly, because he’d only get one shot at this. He could only hope she picked up. It was just his luck that his one phone call rang through an empty house.
The other two were a piece of cake, even from where John was standing. It was like watching something out of a cartoon as they took blind swings at Sherlock and ended up punching each other in the face. John wheezed a little huff of a laugh and dragged himself up from the floor. Sherlock was sat on one of the boys and was holding the other down until his partner was ready to take a seat on him, too.
“All of this, it wasn’t for me. You wouldn’t have just turned up with a beautiful business proposition and given me the keys to be kind. Maybe something for you, maybe not. I don’t know. But that’s not all, is it? That’s not the whole plan. Am I right?” Sebastian still sounded tentative, as if he really wasn’t sure.
John snorted some faint giggles through his nose, evidently having not understood a single word that had come his way. His irritatingly determined pecks and kisses had started moving on, creating a sloppy, wet trail down Sherlock’s chin and jaw as he tried to get to his neck, ignorant of the squirming protests.
John couldn’t bring himself to say anything, but his blush and his excitable smile made his thoughts quite clear. The worst part was Sherlock couldn’t even deny it. Well, not very well.
That sentence had gotten away from him slightly. He stared up at John, that floundering, panicking expression back on his face. John, eyebrows raised much too far towards his hairline than Sherlock’s liking decided they should be, chuckled softly.
“Mycroft provided me with some funds when he allowed me back in,” Sherlock explained, pushing his hand further forwards. “I really do have to go back to school on Monday, though.”
They laid together in silence for a while, Sherlock listening for John's father and John falling asleep. It was so easy, John thought, being friends with Sherlock. He could just... Just
“Running shoes,” Sherlock answered, scooping his pile back up again and carrying it through to his bedroom. “We’re going to hackney.”
“Hi, Harry, it’s John. Um… Okay. Something bad has happened. No danger, don’t worry, just bad. I don’t know how. I don’t know what’s happening, but… I think they’re going to—well. I just wanted to let you know that if you don’t hear from me for a while, don’t worry, alright? I guess I’ll call you when I can. Okay. Bye.”
“I’m sorry?” John scoffed as he buttered the bread. “You’re the fussiest person I’ve ever met. You get annoyed if your socks aren’t in order.”
DI Lestrade shook his head. “It’s a matter for the state now, John,” he said, glancing at Sherlock. “It’s been taken over. There’s nothing you can do but let us try and help you.”
“Shut up, John, Hackney’s got some of the highest crime rates in London. It shouldn’t take too long for us to find someone – or have someone find us.” Sherlock saw John instinctively check where his wallet was. “Actually, I saw recently that Westminster actually has, by far, the highest rate of crimes per thousand people. You’re perfectly safe.”
“No problem,” John said, turning and grinning at Sherlock as the man worked his way through the tables. “Mm,
“I don’t know what you’re so concerned about, you’ve taken down much worse than teenagers,” Sherlock pointed out, standing up and assessing John again. “Cross your arms for a moment. No, keep your legs straight and firm, just cross your arms.”
John poured the dirty water down the sink and left his cloth to soak in hot water. He’d already packed his kit away. Now he didn’t know what to do. Was he supposed to leave the door open and let it leave when it woke up? Would it rather be put back outside in the rain? With that option came John’s realisation that he hadn’t even taken his own coat off yet. He sighed and peeled back his coats and jumpers, hanging each in its appropriate place as he continued to wonder. In the end, he didn’t do anything. Hopefully it would wake up soon.
John stuttered another strangled inhale. “Said he could finish the job. But he still said no,” he added at Sherlock’s horrified look. “He didn’t even want to kill me, Sherlock. ‘m not even worth that.”
“Pasta. Shouldn’t be too difficult.” He paused. “You know I don’t know any expensive restaurants at all, right?”
“You kiss good,” he commented with a slur. He blinked hard, his head spinning under the pressure of his pounding heart. He forced another kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Never kissed a boy before. Why I never kissed you before?”
John had the wind knocked out of him the first time Sherlock rocked his hips against his. “Bloody hell, Sherlock,” he breathed, knotting his fingers into his hair and pulling him down for a much more bruising kiss.
His heart fluttered in his chest. Fawnlock’s hair and decorations were soaked by the time they got back to John’s cottage. He unlocked the door and went to fetch a plastic bag for them, also collecting a towel that he wrapped around the faun and sat him down on the sofa. He was sad to have to pick out the beautiful flowers from his sopping curls. He wished he’d taken a picture, but he couldn’t take any pictures of Fawnlock. Too risky.
"I tell you what, I could get some very realistic scuffs on my knuckles right now." John glared at him.
“Sorry,” he breathed, rubbing the cold sweat from his forehead with a shaking hand and sitting up. He couldn’t remember what he’d dreamt. He always remembered. That damn constable had shaken it out of him, probably. “S-sorry. Prone to nightmares.”
“Dad’s an abusive, hateful drunk who got what he deserved, especially if the police were telling me the truth.” She looked down at her lap, and then rested her chin in her hand, her elbow on her knee. “You did good, I guess. I’d probably have killed him first, and
With that he turned around and went to the bathroom to change, leaving John a pretty little smile on his way out. As soon as Sherlock was gone John allowed himself a moment of utter idiocy. He leapt from the bed, shooting straight up into the air, and threw up a fist in celebration. Sherlock would have heard anything else – maybe he even heard the light pounding of his feet when he landed back down on the floor – but this was probably safe.
actually convinced that you’re sorry for kissing me. So start acting like you’re worth more than the fair market value of the chemical constituents of your body, because I would not be here if I didn’t want to be.”
“Okay, you’ve got a little problem with your left lung,” a radiologist explained, holding up a picture to the pair of them on an iPad that, Sherlock thought, seemed incredibly unnecessary. “This is your chest. If you look here, you can see a few of your ribs have been damaged, and you can see in this area that your lung looks very different to the one on this side.”
Sensing that he’d made John uncomfortable, he backed off a bit, gesturing around him. “Are you here to eat, or have you got another case for us?”
He hadn’t gotten a reply, but he hadn’t really expected to. John had turned out to have a lot more work to do after he’d accidentally gotten he and his
He bit back a smile and reached around to Sherlock. He didn’t know where his own phone was, but he discovered Sherlock’s in his pocket and fiddled around for a few minutes. It was no use; he couldn’t guess the password.
Sherlock lowered his magazine to his stomach. “Are you certain you’re in the right place emotionally to begin a relationship with me?”
John’s raspy breathing stuttered, and he jerked upright, coughing and choking spots of blood into his hands and over the bedsheets. Sherlock pushed him back down, but Harry was shocked into inaction, barely moving a muscle until the team of nurses came in and bodily moved her outside. John was still panicking on the bed, hardly able to breathe despite the oxygen mask now covering his face, and clutching desperately at Sherlock as a young male nurse tried to pull him away.
Stationed beside the bed was the drawstring bag John had given him and some of its contents (that, okay, John didn’t miss) lined up in height order against the back wall of the shelter. Fawnlock let John hang back and take it all in, but he sped ahead and into the little pocket of stone to search through the ordered collection until he brought out a slab of stone with something a nasty shade of green dried onto it.
Sometimes, John had dreams about Miss Hart. He dreamt that she gave him a panic button that froze his dad in place so he could get out – and he dreamt that the button didn’t work. He dreamt that she sent him abroad for exchange trips that he wasn’t entitled to – and he dreamt that the host-father he got assigned to was just his own in different skin. Sometimes he dreamt that she took him home and he just lived under her bed forever. In those dreams, she got married and forgot him.
And then John cleared his throat quietly and his hand loosened in Sherlock’s, and Sherlock realised he was trying to say ‘let go of my hand’, so he did. He glanced down as their tiny little point of contact parted, cold air rushing in to replace the soft heat of John’s hand. He shivered and pushed his hand back down into his pocket. John’s closed around his programme and folded it, then folded it again, until it was the neat little rectangle that he tucked into his pocket. Sherlock wondered if he was going to go over it again later, or put it in a drawer in his room, or forget about it and find it in a few months and look back with a fond smile. He hoped that one day John would be able to look back on this day and smile. He hoped it hadn’t made his feelings worse.
Unfortunately, the realisation of shock didn’t help him to overcome it. He got stuck halfway down the little staircase leading back to the bowling alley, his knees weakening to the extent that he had to slide down the wall and have a sit down for a moment. He put his face in his hands and breathed hard and deep to stave off any threats of a panic attack that may have tried to strike. When he finally felt a bit better, he could hear voices floating down from the room just a few steps up.
Sebastian pushed the door open and gestured for John to go in ahead with a clearly mocking sweep of his arm.
“S’fine,” he replied, kissing Sherlock’s head. He started rolling his hips up to meet the enthusiastic ones on top. “It’s okay. Go on, I want you to.”
John felt like he was about to pass out again. It was a slightly blurred photo of a hooded someone poised to kick a figure curled up on the floor. The second picture was a close-up of the attacker’s face.
Harry looked at Sherlock, who stared back at her with a blank face. Her temper already flaring, she huffed as she scooped the tubs back into the plastic bag and left to find a bin – or, rather, to leave the boys to talk.
Message sent, he put his phone on the table and refocused his attention on the television, not noticing Sherlock’s smirk. He always found it funny watching John attempt to use technology, but he knew how much he hated being teased. Sherlock found that funny, too, really. John could stand to live with Sherlock Holmes, with his never-ending work hours and frequent illegal experiments, but he couldn’t stand being teased about his sexuality, or his height, or his ineptitude with anything electrical. By ways of what he stood for and against, he was more of a man’s man than Sherlock was.
“Alright, then. Well, I just wanted to talk to you first, actually. Find out what you’re thinking.” He pulled up a chair and sat down.
He’d read about it in magazines and heard it in some films he’d heard John watch with his girlfriends. They described their first kisses as suddenly seeing clarity, knowing exactly what to do and who to do it with.
“Oh, John,” he gasped, feeling horrible for squeezing him in such a tight hug the night before. John’s skin was a murky palette of brown, purple, green, yellow, and red. There were scratches and bruises all over every inch of his skin that was covered with clothes, in various stages of healing, and they leaked underneath the white bandage wrapping his crushed rib cage. “Jesus Christ. I’m… so sorry.”
, already. I don’t need you sitting there and telling me how much of a wimp I am, because, believe it or not, it’s actually
He couldn’t just keep it all contained. He probably hadn’t been waiting as long as Sherlock had, but, well, it felt like he’d been waiting a while. What did it matter who had been waiting longer? They had each other now, and that was where the cause for celebration was. Granted, he couldn’t celebrate very much without Sherlock finding out and teasing him, but he’d celebrate as much as he could because, fuck it all, things had gotten better. It seemed that around Sherlock everything got better and then, somehow, got better a bit more. He’d never met anybody like Sherlock before.
John swept the torch left and then right. The rain was getting softer every minute, but he’d still rather be inside. He tried to remember where he’d heard the noise from, and thought it was straight ahead, but he didn’t himself not to have imagined it all, anyway. Lord knew he was lonely enough.
“Harry!” John sat up, and was immediately caught in another crushing bear hug from Harry with barely enough time to lower his mask again. By the time she let go, Sherlock was sat up and rubbing his eyes. John glanced at him, flushing bright pink at being caught sharing a bed with another boy. He worked quickly to fill the room with conversation. “Where are you staying?”
“Who is older than you and leaving home next year. Be sensible. You can’t live like this any longer.”
Sherlock looked up at him, something flashing in his eyes. “I have. Both sides. But it was a long time ago.”
“No, he just… I was texting him.” He rested his cheek against John’s head and closed his eyes. “He just stopped replying. I wanted to make sure he was okay.”
It sounded likely to her, but apparently not to the pretty stranger. Judging from his face – what was his name again, Sherlock? – Harry expected he’d been told a different story.
was hurt. He needed medical attention. With an unhappy sigh, John scooped the man up and then picked up his torch.
John carefully set his bags to the side of the door. He couldn’t stop grinning, and was certain he looked quite the twat by the time he finally got the door unlocked. He pushed it open and left it ajar while he put his keys away. With one finger, he prodded the door open and took a few steps into the living room. The visitor still seemed to be busy with the rest of the house, because his living room was exactly the same as it had been when he left that morning.
Sherlock’s head snapped back up so he could meet John’s eyes. His mouth opened but no noise came out. Had John gone insane?
By the time they arrived, John had had the mask and blanket taken away. They’d kept the pulse oximeter on, but that came off once the ambulance slowed down, too. The handcuffs were replaced on his own wrists at his back for his walk off the vehicle and into the station, where he was taken to a holding cell to wait. He was waiting for a long time.
“Calm down, John, it’s okay. You’re okay.” Sherlock shuffled closer immediately and put his hand on John’s back. “John, listen to me. You’ve only got one lung working properly at the moment. It’s not safe for this to happen right now. Follow me, follow my breathing. You’re alright.”
John, in his bed, was crying out, desperately short of breath. “Sherlock,” he wheezed, grabbing and shoving wildly. “God, please, Sherlock.”
Understanding dawned and Fawnlock nodded easily. “Wash,” he said, demonstrating on the back of his own hand. John didn’t know Fawnlock licked to clean. He thought he always just ran himself a few inches of water in the bath and used it like a puddle or the stream.
John went slowly, just kissing against Fawnlock’s mouth. When he finally started to join in, John started moving a little more, making things a bit more exciting but still keeping it soft and slow and sinfully romantic.
“Yes, but I don’t know where it is.” Sherlock checked the time: just past nine o’clock. It was no wonder John’s stomach had been rumbling. “You didn’t tell me you were hungry.”
, God, you’re so… tight around me.” He took John’s lips into a hard kiss and thrust faster and harder still, causing John to moan embarrassingly loud and dig his nails into his back.
Sherlock swallowed. “I’m aware that you were unhappy earlier, and I’ve realised that perhaps my efforts at comforting you were a bit too… Forward. Are you feeling pressured into coming out with me tonight?”
“Hush, John,” Sherlock whispered. “Just breathe.” He turned back to the policeman. “When will the ambulance be here? He’s got injuries that need attendance.”
When he checked the clock on his way to an interview room, he’d only been in there for half an hour. He tried to rub the feeling back into his hands as his handcuffs were taken off, settling himself as comfortably as he could into the plastic chair provided. It was a small room, with one chair on each side of the wooden table, but it had windows. John suspected that if it had been light, it’d have made for quite a bright and refreshing little room.
Eventually, both of them had to pull away for a breath, and John flopped back with his arms spread. He chuckled warmly.
“Well, maybe you can figure out what he said, then,” Harry said sharply, “because my dad isn’t known for displays of affection, and apparently he told John that he loved him and to get help.”
“I don’t understand,” John insisted, sitting up a bit. He saw Moran’s gaze sweep over him, and a tiny bubble of victory rose in his chest – at least he’d made him think twice. Perhaps there was hope after all.
“You’re remembering the first time we did this,” Sherlock deduced easily, turning back after orderin the wine. He passed John a menu.
“You’re already on medication to deal with the injuries you received on… Sunday, was it?” The nurse frowned and consulted his chart. “Your dosage got lowered, in fact, due to the adverse reactions you had.”
he started telling me that nursing was a girl’s job. Because he assumed, you know, he thought that, if I wasn’t smart enough to be a doctor, I’d be a nurse.” He swallowed and wiped his eyes, taking a deep breath. “But, um. I told him that actually, nurses were just as smart as doctors. And he said, go on then, show me. Show me how smart you are. Get your homework. But I hadn’t done it yet. So he, he came up to see it. And it just… you know. Happened.” He sniffed again, turning his face to wipe his wet cheeks on his shoulders. “And then he tore my textbooks up and left. Simple as.”
After a moment, Sherlock dropped the dirty gown on the floor and lifted John’s arms into a fresh one, tying both sets of strings before laying him back down again with many grunts and groans. The nurse reappeared and plucked the gown from the floor.
“‘So long and thanks for all the fish’,” Harry answered easily, “but you’re insane to even want to be in the same room as him. “You’d better take someone with you. Preferably a couple of someones. Big someones. With tasers.”
When he finally got back on the bus, he flopped down into one of the priority seats, not caring to walk any further. He’d done a lot today. He deserved the priority seats. It wasn’t like anybody was going to want to sit next to him, anyway, so he put his bags on the second seat.
Sherlock grinned and shuffled in closer, moving John’s oxygen mask down and out of the way of their conversation. “You’re thinking about kissing me, but you don’t want to admit it. You want to be close, but now that your inhibitions are back up to normal, you wouldn’t dream of actually doing it.”
