As he crossed over the yard to the house, he heard voices in the barn. Castiel was murmuring to a cow in her stall as Dean investigated. He was still dressed in his farm clothes and work boots, as he stood next to the cow, petting her head.
Dean provided, "Ducks don't belong in trucks. Let's just put it that way."
Castiel stopped sputtering, "No, we are not going down that trail again. Look what Gabe brought me." Castiel reached into the bag and pulled out a bottle rocket. "There's a bunch of different ones. Let's go to the field behind Bobby's salvage yard and set them off."
Dean rolled his eyes and grimaced, "Just humor me, Cas."
“No, Dad. You did it for yourself. Because you wanted more. All Sam and I wanted was a dad who would take us to a friggin’ baseball game on our birthday.”
"You're more like ketchup."
The sky suddenly darkened, and Amara appeared in a swirl of dark fog. "Brother, what are you doing?"
Castiel said, “The stars remind me of your freckles, Dean. When I was a kid, I had memorized all the constellations. I was so envious because you had constellations on your face, and I didn’t. I wanted freckles like yours.”
He pulled the bear out and handed him to Castiel. "There you go, Cas."
Castiel laughed, "What surer way to lure you to where I had an ambush surprise picnic than to earn your ire over the sanctity of misplaced peanut butter lids."
Sam rolled his eyes, "I've told you dozens of times about stuff we were doing. You just don't listen."
Dean grumbled, "What the hell? It's six friggin' o’clock in the morning." He pulled a clean t-shirt out of the duffle bag and pulled it on. It wasn't even light out, but someone was blasting seventies tunes. He liked classic rock, but not that. He marched barefoot down the stairs through the front door, letting the door slam behind him.
"SoCal?" Dean guessed.
Charlie frowned, "Get on that then. Sam is insufferable when he wins bets."
Castiel looked solemnly across the crowd, "She went to school with me in Boston. I wouldn't have made it through college without her. Growing up in Falcon Bay doesn’t prepare you for the big city. Charlie took me under her wing when I was flailing about miserably and put me back on my feet. After Kelly died, she moved here. I think she thought I'd never make it through life without either her or Kelly to keep me in line. Charlie's family."
Dean was driving down a back-country road when he looked over at Castiel riding silently in the passenger seat of the Impala. They had finally gone shopping for the shirt that Castiel had tricked him into agreeing to. They had a fun time. They had selected the shirt, eaten dinner at a burger joint, and walking around a park. However, Castiel has received a phone call that had put him in a sour mood. Dean heard the words deadline and publisher but hadn't pried when Castiel hadn't wanted to talk about it.
Castiel looked around and murmured, "We're free."
Castiel kissed him back, trying to push the swell of happiness down. "I know."
Castiel bit his bottom lip, “You’d be a fool to pass it up, Dean. It’s your chance.”
Castiel choked back a sob, "All we need to do is defeat God and save a universe. A piece of cake, Dean."
"We could have Halloween candy to give out. We could scare the crap out of teenagers, but not the little ones. We could visit Garth and you could meet his Castiel. He stares at me weirdly. We could have this, Cas. If we can just get on the other side of Chuck."
Dean patiently explained to Jack what each tool was and what he was doing. Jack listened and solemnly handed him tools as Dean asked for them. The morning passed quickly. Dean did what he could do before he had to go to the auto store to pick up parts. As they started to clean up and wash the grease off their hands, Claire reappeared riding a bay mare and said, "Hey, Jack. Lunch is almost ready. Dad says to invite you too, Dean. You'll like it -- he makes pizzas on Sundays. They’re delicious. He's a great cook. We're really lucky to have a dad like him."
Dean sang, "Imagine there's no heaven, It's easy if you try, No hell below us, Above us only sky, Imagine all the people, Living for today."
They drove home the same route they came except when they got to an intersection close to home, Castiel asked Dean to turn left onto a side road. Dean followed the road until it stopped at the base of a hill. They climbed up the hill and reclined in the grass to look at the stars.
"I've been conned?" Dean asked.
Castiel laughed, "Well, one tends to do that in twenty-five years or so, Dean." Castiel opened the door and called the goose in, "Colonel, come meet Dean."
Dean said gruffly, "Your clothes too, Cas. Trench coats and beaches don't mix."
Castiel awkwardly winked back, "Maybe, we need to wear more clothes around each other, so we waste less food."
Castiel replied, “What the hell? Didn’t your dad see how great you are? I miss my kids if they spend the night at someone’s house. I couldn’t do that.”
"Jimmy calls it bedhead. I don't think he'd agree with you on the sexy part." Castiel looked amused.
Dean offered his hand to shake on the deal. Castiel shook his hand but let his hand linger several seconds too long.
As Dean let himself into his farmhouse that night, he thought back to the day spent with Castiel. He couldn't remember the last time he had connected with a person the way he had with him.
"Sign?"
"I’m not sure that is a good trait in a new roommate," Dean groused.
"That's purely for enlightened self-interest. If I do him a favor, he's less likely to terrorize me. Best way to keep safe."
"What's so funny, Cas?" Dean started to laugh along even though he had no clue what they were laughing about.
He looked over his shoulder to see Claire and Jack. Jack was dressed just like his father had been the previous day, only his work boots were bright blue. Claire wore her standard uniform of a purple plaid shirt and jeans. Dean responded smiling, "Fixing this truck."
Dean's brows furrowed, "It's Wednesday?"
Dean pouted as he asked, "What are you all up to?"
Dean pulled out his wallet and took out an extra key. "Here you go, Cas. Just no pets and don't throw wild parties because I need my beauty sleep."
"Oh, hi, Cas. I'm the older, better-looking brother," Dean said, slightly embarrassed.
“You know. The project that you worked your ass off that Dad kept shutting down. He’s not only open to it, but he’ll give you a VP title and let you head that unit. Congratulations, Dean.”
Jody grinned, "Just like my dad before me. How the heck are you doing?" Henry had loved to stop by the Sheriff's office when Dean was young to share fish stories with the previous sheriff, Hank Mills. Although Jody had been several years older than Dean, she'd entertain him while the old men talked. He first learned about X-men comic books when Jody shared hers with him.
“Most likely?”
Of this day without you in it
"But, Cas. You love me anyway. Because I loveable."
He saw Sam’s name on the phone, “Dammit, Sam, this better be good.”
Dean pulled himself away from looking at Castiel, "Sounds great."
"Jack means well, but sometimes he doesn't think." Claire sighed, "It's not like Dad turns into a fiend or anything when something goes wrong. He just gets this look of disappointment that makes you feel like you kicked a puppy. I rather get yelled at, personally."
"Spin the bottle," Charlie exclaimed. "Sam refused to answer a question, so we dared him to carry Castiel across the room."
As he opened the door, he saw Sam carrying Castiel across the room in a fireman's carry. Sam carried him effortlessly and dropped Castiel on his feet on the opposite side of the room. Charlie and Jess clapped enthusiastically for Castiel, and Charlie slapped Castiel on the ass as he turned.
“Only you, me, and Charlie. I’ll tell Jack when he’s older. Please don’t tell another living soul.” Castiel sighed, “I was getting mixed messages from you. I thought I was flirting with you. But you didn’t realize it."
"We've muddled our ways through another cataclysmic apocalypse. Why should we expect any less than this time? I have faith in you, me, and Sam."
Castiel let out a low whistle at the first one, "These are quite good, Dean. You sell yourself way short on these. I can barely color between the lines." He continued to flip through them. He froze when he got to a page with a symbol on it.
Charlie contemplated him quietly. She put another packet of sugar in her coffee and stirred thoughtfully. Emotions passed across her face before she reached out her hand and put in on his, "Is Dean Winchester finally falling in love?"
"Let's load up then. Wait on the porch and I'll go get the car."
Castiel let out a sudden, "Ugh." He pushed the plate forcefully away from him. "I do not see what Metatron saw in syrup. It's sticky. It gets everywhere. And it's too sugary." Castiel took a big gulp of coffee to wash away the taste. "Does it taste different on waffles?"
"Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out, bitch," Dean replied with a smile.
Castiel let out a moan and his eyes flickered opened. He looked up at Dean, "What happened?"
Dean spent the afternoon getting parts for the truck. A stop by Bobby's salvage yard rewarded him with almost everything he needed to make the truck operational. As Dean pulled parts from an old truck on Bobby's lot, Bobby regaled him with funny stories about Henry. When Ellen stopped by with sandwiches and iced tea, she joined in with her own tales. They both also ensured that he planned to attend the dance that evening. Ellen was particularly interested when he said he was attending with the Novaks. It was late in the afternoon when Dean finally got home.
"She'd take it better than Gordon." Dean laughed.
"Not by a long shot. I'm glad you're here, man. I was waiting for you, but now we got to take care of one more thing." Dean drove along a wooded trail and eventually headed downhill. They broke from the woods to see a beach with the beginning of a sunset. As Dean parked the car, a set of beach chairs and a table came into view. A shady cabana was nearby, stocked with a full bar.
She turned to where Dean was cradling Castiel. "You love him, Dean?"
Castiel froze and said hoarsely, "She's dead. The kitchen is this way."
"You tried to psychoanalyze the waitress and tell her she was suffering from daddy issues."
Charlie turned towards Dean and ran toward him. He held out his arms to hug her. Instead, she punched him hard in the arm.
The summer sun was beating down, so Dean pulled off his shirt and wiped the sweat from his brow before hanging his shirt on the fence. Castiel returned about fifteen minutes later, looking a little worse for the wear. He had smudge marks all over his jeans. He said, “Jack must have left the gate for his pen open again when he fed him before school. I’ll have words with him when he gets home.”
Dean looked at her sorrowfully, "I’m sorry, Charlie."
Castiel yawned widely in response.
Sam grumbled, "Later, jerk."
Castiel purred in a suggestive voice, "But you like it when I get dirty."
"You left the friggin' lid off the peanut butter again, Cas. Why?" Dean smiled as he looked at Cas. "You'd be darn near perfect if you didn't do that."
"Whimsy? What do you think I am? A friggin' elf?"
If you don't then let me go
He narrowed his eyes and said, "What's this, Dean?"
Dean followed him into the dining room. Two pizzas were cooling in the center of the table. Jack and Claire smiled from where they were seated when he entered.
Castiel arched an eyebrow, "I really doubt that tie would help you get lucky." Castiel made air quotes as he said lucky.
Castiel went out the backdoor while Dean and the kids went on the front porch. "Why couldn't we go with him to get the car?" Dean asked Claire.
"You were trusting." Dean leaned over the seat and pulled Castiel into a one-armed hug over the seatbacks.
Dean froze. "Is that how you really see it?"
Castiel blinked at him. "I don't know how we could correlate peanut butter with Karaoke." His eyes lit up," Maybe with the Peanut Butter Jelly Time song." His gravelly voice started singing, "It's peanut butter jelly time, Peanut butter jelly time, peanut butter jelly time."
“Your car is in the driveway. You didn’t respond to me knocking on your door, so I figured you might be down here. Am I intruding?”
Dean retorted, "You love me only for my gift-giving ability." Dean blushed as he realized what he said.
Dean sighed as he thought about his long-time boyfriend. It had taken a lot for his father to accept Gordon, but now the two of them were thick as thieves. Dean talked to him the previous night about quitting the firm. Gordon had freaked out about the idea. Throughout the conversation, it became increasingly apparent to Dean that he was much more concerned about the current luxuries Dean got from working for the firm, like vacations and cars, than he was about Dean himself. The spark had been fading from their relationship for a while, last night Dean felt like it had gone out altogether.
Don't ever change."
"Me either. I trust Jess won't. She's sweet and caring and doesn't take any shit from Sam. She's good for him. No member of my family thought Inias was good for me. Quite the opposite. One lesson I learned from all of that is to really listen to what my brothers say. It's a tough lesson, but a good one."
"It smells wonderful, Cas. If it tastes as good as it smells, I'll be in Heaven."
She turned to face them. "Dean, he won't bother you again. At least, not in your lifetime."
"Gabe never did anything for me except teasing any date that I had, so I could no longer bring them anywhere near him. To teach me to swim, he threw me in the lake and walked into the house. He'd eat candy my mother bought but he'd give me a few pieces that I didn't know were purloined so my mom would catch me with wrappers and blame me. Gabe is not big brother material."
"If I won't be a bother, I'd love to come. I'd like to become part of the community here. I think I'm going to stay awhile." Dean looked intently at Castiel. Castiel met his eyes and they stared at each other.
Claire rolled her eyes, "It's been on television a dozen times. There are much better things I could be doing on a Saturday morning."
"My grandfather was the attorney that drew up Henry Winchester's estate. I recently took over his practice," Jessica smiled.
“Well, our road trip has to have room for two kids.” Dean kissed Castiel on his forehead. “And eight cows.” He kissed him on the nose and added, “A pony, a horse, a dog, a pig, a cat, a goose, three goldfish, sixteen chickens, and a donkey.”
Dean met his eyes, “You know I want you. I don’t think after last night that part is in doubt.”
Dean waggled his hands, "They don't have hands."
Dean smiled at him, "Alfie told me you had too much heart and that was always your problem. I think that's what makes you so special. You're just… a ray of sunshine in an overcast and gloomy day. A flashlight in a wendigo cave. A streetlight on a dark, deserted street corner. The peanut butter in a Reese's cup. The apple in the pie. The gas in Baby's tank."
"Did you want to go dancing?" Dean stared deeply into Castiel's eyes.
Dean smiled as he said, "Goodnight, bitch."
"I suggested it; the kids took to it like wildfire. It has a lot of introspection in it, which leads to writing soliloquies. We're only adapting a few chapters. I think it will be good."
O.o.O.o.O.o.O.o.O.o.O
“I gathered as much. I hope everything is ok.”
"You give red roses to girls on Valentine's day?"
“Where do we go from here?”
Jody laughed, "About as well as you'd think when you have a house full of teenage daughters and are a small-town sheriff. Super, super busy. But I'm happy. I'm the foster parent for some wayward girls, but we're finding our way. I wouldn't trade Kaia, Patience, and Alex for anything. What are you up to?"
"Touché, Cas." She looked at Dean, "The problem with growing up in a town like Falcon Bay is that everyone knows all the stupid mistakes you've made. And they never forget."
Dean slid into the truck with a fond smile. He hadn't thought of these people in years, but they'd always been kind to him. He looked forward to seeing them again.
"I haven't had that much fun in a long time. Years, maybe."
"Am I boring you, Cas? It's midnight. Go to sleep, we'll figure out what to do in the morning."
"I literally thought you'd never ask."
"I was scared, Dean. Even though she doesn't have the kind of power necessary to hurt me now, I still feel terror when I see her. What she did to me…" Castiel took a long draw on his beer. "I have no words how that feels."
"Jess and I kind of dig it. No complaints from us. It's completely adorkable."
The dance was already in full motion by the time they reached the gazebo. The pretty redhead that he'd seen Castiel kiss in the park came rushing up and flung her arms around him. Dean stepped back to get out of the way, swallowing the sudden spike of jealousy that flashed through him.
"One and the same. It's so good to meet you. Cas told me all sorts of awesome stories about you and him and Falcon Bay over the years that I moved here too when Cas moved back. You are so going to come to my house soon so we can debate whether X-Men or MCU is the better movie series. And I have Disney Plus so you can see all the new Marvel stuff. There's a LARPing event in the next town over in a month. You can come with me. You'll love it. You're so going to be my new best friend." Charlie playfully punched him in the shoulder. Dean tried to keep up with the conversation, but she talked so fast, he was quickly overwhelmed.
Castiel stared at Dean, stunned. After he regained his composure, he said, "Dean, I think I might have taken advantage of you when you were younger. I… I have no explanation. I'm sorry."
"Oh, it's an Enochian symbol for banishing angels. The kids are adapting that novel I told you about by Nova."
He headed towards the source of the music, realizing it came from the neighboring Novak farm. He pushed through a few shrubs lining the property and hopped the fence. The music was radiating from a red barn. He walked across the well-kept lawn to the building. Right as he reached its door, a deep gravelly voice started singing along with Olivia:
“Is something wrong, Cas? It’s just me. I don’t bite. Well, if you ask I might.”
"I should have never made you watch the Star Wars movies with me." Dean snorted.
Castiel disagreed, “I don’t see it that way. Every day is a blessing. It’s a gift. Maybe that seems trite to you.”
“Except the opportunity to have a father,” Dean said quietly.
Dean nervously tightened his tie. His students' play was opening that night and, as always, his stomach felt it was in knots. He looked in the mirror. His blueberry colored tie with small hot dogs on it had never failed him before. He hoped it wouldn't fail him tonight. For the first time, he had doubts about letting the kids write their own script. What if the parents hated it? What if someone complained to the administration about themes in the play? He gulped. Perhaps, it would have been better to Our Town or Death of a Salesman than to take this gamble. He breathed deep a few times, trying to quiet the anxiety that was threatening to overwhelm him.
Dean said consoling, "Oh, you poor uneducated man. I have an original film cut we can watch at home."
Castiel bopped him on the nose. "And that's what makes you a good brother and a wonderful human being. However, Sam still had horrible taste when he was twelve. But if anyone could make that tie look good, it would be you."
"Are you trying to get rid of me?" Dean joked
Castiel protested, "You don't need to."
“That’s why I think you’ll always be a great dad. You don’t have to be perfect, Cas. You just need to be you. To be present. Those kids are smart and kind.”
The boy looked at him curiously. "I'm Jack. She's Claire. We need to go feed the chickens and then ride our bikes to town. They are showing Scooby-Doo at the theatre."
Castiel offered, "Hello, Claire what brings you out this fine day?"
"He's gone," Sam said relieved. "No more apocalypses."
Top of the World by Imagine Dragons played through the earbuds. Castiel sang softly along:
Castiel smiled at him, “There are rumors but never any evidence. The food is delicious.”
Castiel's face fell a little bit. "He doesn't have time."
"You wanted to raise her here?"
Sam responded, "That's not the way Cas works. When he makes his mind on something he just goes out and does it. He's very spontaneous."
“Maybe? I’m positively affronted,” Dean pouted.
Dean leaned in with his cheek pressed again Castiel's. Warmth radiated from Castiel and Dean could feel his breath on his lips. Dean gulped nervously. He focused on the music.
He turned out the light to the room. As much as he loved his old bunk bed, he'd be much more comfortable in the master bedroom.
Castiel agreed, "That you will!"
"High-school English. He also writes novels. You'll have to ask him about that sometime."
"Yeah, ask Sam about the time I put itching powder in his underwear or put black paint on his binoculars before we went bird watching."
“Kelly loved this place. Not for his company, of course, but the food is delicious. Kelly sometimes wanted something different than the hometown cuisine available at Harvelle’s, the diner, or the pizza joint. You only have three options in Falcon Bay. I honestly had hoped Crowley had forgotten me.”
Castiel took a deep breath, “That’s not what I mean, Dean. I mean I don’t want it awkward between us. It’s never been awkward before. Well, last night was awkward. But… when I’m with you, I can be myself. That socially awkward kid who doesn’t have to pretend they have their shit together when really it’s about to break at any minute.”
Dean said huskily, "Damn straight." He pushed Castiel towards the couch. Castiel backed up until he ran into the couch and fell backward. Dean scooped up Castiel's legs and pivoted them on the couch before climbing on top of him.
"Yes, Dean?"
“Yes. To all of it, Dean. He greenlit the entire thing.”
"Dad writes books," Claire said proudly. She jumped up and ran across the room. "Here's one."
“Wait, Dean.”
Jack looked at her critically before nodding to accept her half-hearted apology.
Dean's eyes widened, "Ground rules?"
Castiel froze with his bite of waffle halfway to his mouth. He said nervously, "That would be me. I'm sorry if I presumed too much. Henry gave me and Mom a key so we could help him when he needed it. Charlie told me you were coming back and the date you wanted the power on by, so I got a few things ready for your arrival."
"To be fair, I told you that while I had the Mark of Cain. Can I blame it on that?"
“Cas, one more thing. Never doubt that you’re enough. You’re more than enough. I just need to figure out if I am.”
Castiel frowned, "I did that once! Jimmy called me mid sandwich making. Are you ever going to forgive me?"
Castiel checked and said calmly. "No reception here, either."
Dean frowned at him, "Sam, it's niche only because nobody publishes them."
Castiel pursed his lips. "Wherever you want, Dean."
Claire rolled her eyes. "Last Sunday your best was jeans and a Metallica t-shirt."
Dean looked away, "I'm serious, Cas. You gave up so much for me."
Dean smiled as he watched them bicker as they headed into the farmer's market. He noticed Castiel was bartering with another vendor. Castiel exchanged two jars of honey for a bottle of wine with a redhead who was wearing a My Little Pony t-shirt, jeans, and knee-high green leather boots. He leaned over and kissed her cheek before she hugged him and scampered off with the honey.
Dean settled in at the bar to watch Castiel finish dinner. Castiel danced a little less exuberantly than he did when he thought he was alone, but still swayed his hips to whatever music he was playing. As Castiel turned off the burners and pulled fresh-baked French bread out of the oven, Dean asked, "What are you listening to? It seems to put you in a good mood."
Castiel's eyes widened, "Oh."
"It's my creation, Amara. I can do what I want," Chuck protested.
“Course, we’re going to need to get something bigger than the Impala,” Dean added.
After Castiel headed back to the gazebo, Claire stood there with her arms crossed looking squarely at Dean. "Ok, Dean. I approve of you dating my father but there are some ground rules."
"His brother, Gabe, manages the carnival. Cas is just helping him here this weekend while it's in town. You'll do fine with Cas as your roommate. He's a teacher too. You can share teacherish things."
“I don’t want to wear out my welcome, Cas.” Dean wondered if Castiel was being kind or if he really liked his company. He didn’t want to impose on his hospitality.
“Nobody knows?”
"I'm mad at us for wasting a decade when I could have been doing this." Dean grabbed Castiel and pulled him into a long passionate kiss. As he pulled back, Dean gasped, "That was well worth the wait."
Dean replied, "I forgot about that picture." Henry had taken the picture when Castiel was trying to teach Dean how to milk a cow. Dean had not been a natural. It ended up with the cow kicking over the stool and Dean winding up in a pile of manure and straw. When Castiel laughed at him, he yanked him into the muck alongside him and had a wrestling match. Henry wound up washing them both off with a hose while he held his nose. Dean said wistfully, "I wish you had been older when we came to stay with Henry, Sam. I think you would have loved him and this place."
A throat cleared behind them. Dean and Claire turned around to see Castiel in his pajama bottoms and work boots carrying a sleepy rooster. His hair was tousled, and he looked half-awake, "Is this what you are looking for?"
"The name is Sam," Sam grumbled in response.
“I don’t think so, Dean. I don’t think there’s a one-size-fits-all for the path your life takes. If you hadn’t gone to work for your dad, what do you think you’d be doing right now?”
"For what?" Castiel looked searchingly into Dean's eyes.
Dean winked, "Will you autograph all of your novels for me?"
“It’s no big deal, Cas. It’s not like he was causing any trouble.”
"No more Heaven or Hell fighting over us. No grand plans, no destiny," Castiel replied.
Castiel looked at him with shining eyes, "No, not at all. I'd like it if you'd stay, but this must seem kind of lame after living in LA."
Dean was uneasy the next morning. Maybe things had been moving too fast with Castiel. He thought of Claire and Jack. He could end up hurting them. He’d not been in Falcon Bay very long. If he were going to follow through this thing with Castiel, it would be for the long haul. Dean had been ‘the love them and leave them’ type in his youth, but now he wanted something more.
When they entered the restaurant, a woman wearing an elegant black dress with her raven hair pulled up in a tight ponytail seated them in a corner booth in the back.
“Why do all the work then?” Dean asked.
"Henry always said you'd be back." Ellen hugged Dean. "You've grown up into quite a handsome, young man, Dean."
“Eight cows, one pig, one horse, one pony, a cat, two kids, one rooster, the goose, three goldfish, and twelve chickens.” Castiel supplied. “Unless we count the bees. I don’t have an exact number of bees.”
Castiel looked at him hurt, “Don’t you want this? Are my signals mixed again?”
Castiel looked out the back window. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."
"Hold your horses." Dean led Sam down to the beach. Two beach chairs were close together while another one was separated by a table that had fruity drinks with umbrellas. "Sit down, Sam."
"It's my lucky tie. Don't diss my lucky tie."
Dean sighed, "I did, Sam. We talked last night. It went over like a ton of bricks. But I'm just done, Sam. I can't work for Dad. He treats both of us like we’re children still. I'm going to resign. Gordon’s not going to like it, but I just can't take it anymore. I’ve put almost 15 years of my life into this company, Sam. I feel like nothing I do matters. No matter how hard I work or how many hours I put in, nothing changes with Dad. I’m tired.”
"Never too late. Henry moved here when he was sixty and became part of the fabric of the town. There's even a pavilion named for him at the park. The Winchester name goes a long way around here."
The farmer's market was larger than Dean anticipated. It was held in a large park near the City Hall. Dean remembered coming to this park every Independence Day during summers to watch the fireworks. Most people were already set up by the time Castiel arrived. Castiel unpacked the truck with the efficiency of someone who had done this before countless times. Dean quickly realized he was more of a hindrance to Castiel than a help. When Castiel offered Dean a leash for Roberta and asked him if he’d like to take her for a walk, Dean took it willingly.
Dean looked up at Castiel as he entered the house. Castiel was thrumming with excitement. Dean could feel energy rolling off Castiel. Castiel carried a large bag in addition to the backpack he usually carried to school and back. He said breathlessly, "Hello, Dean."
"Like go make kissy faces at Kaia," Jack supplied smugly.
Claire responded sheepishly, "Jack left the latch open. Dad's told him a million times to make sure to keep the coop locked. I was able to gather the hens that wandered off, but Sparky is still missing."
Dean laughed, "I'm glad to have left an impression!"
Castiel smiled, "And we're making it up as we go along."
If you don't then set me free
Dean sat across from Castiel watching him eat pancakes. Castiel's nose scrunched up every time he tasted the syrup that slathered his food. He grimaced with every bite as he chewed. Dean tried to refrain from laughing, but the corner of his mouth ticked up on its own volition.
Dean turned serious for a moment, "I'm sorry if this is difficult, Cas. It can't be easy giving up… everything."
Castiel nodded. Dean leaned in and kissed him gently. “Just give me a bit of time, Cas.”
Jessica opened her purse and took out a business card, “Rufus Turner is the executor of your grandfather’s trust. He manages the bank here. He’ll be able to go through the trust with you. If you need any more legal documents drawn, I’m happy to help you. Henry paid my grandfather a lump sum for handling things, so there won’t be any charges.”
"Break his heart and I'll fill your car with ducks. That will only be the beginning of the torment I will rain down upon you. I have a very vivid imagination." Claire pinned him with a steely glare and stuck her jaw out.
Castiel shook his head.
Dean picked him up and swung him on the saddle behind Claire. "Make sure you hang on, buddy. I'd love to meet your pony sometime. I always wanted a pony."
Amelia retorted, "More's a pity. He seems like a great upgrade from Inias."
"Not that type of lucky, Cas. Geez, you have as dirty of mind as Sam."
Dean stepped closer and put a hand reassuringly on Castiel’s shoulder. “Is there anything I can do to help?” Taylor turned toward Dean and nuzzled him. She left a smear of saliva across his jacket.
Castiel said pensively, "Penny for your thoughts, Dean."
Dean looked at him consolingly, "I don't know. I kind of hustle through Shakespeare's plays so we can do more modern things. This year the kids are trying to adapt a book into a play. It's an experience."
"I didn't know your family was that rich."
"I have," Castiel said. "But it was biblical in nature. This is not right." Castiel felt a growing sense of trepidation. He had confounded Chuck's plan. He had expected repercussions but had hoped that Chuck would find another world to watch.
Dean Winchester strode down the hallway of his family's publishing firm. He entered his office and angrily slammed the door with a resounding thud behind him. He took a couple of deep breaths. He ran his fingers through his short sandy hair in frustration and was startled when his brother cleared his throat behind him.
Dean blinked and said hesitantly, “I am not sure what you want me to say.”
Dean's jaw dropped, "No way."
"What the hell, Chuck?"
Dean sighed, "Isn't there somewhere you ever wanted to go but haven't?" The previous day Dean had decided to take Castiel on a road trip to get him out of the bunker. Sam and Eileen were hunting a werewolf up in Minnesota, but Dean didn't want to be their third wheel and wasn't willing to put Castiel in harm's way yet. Castiel was still adapting to his loss of powers.
"Tell me something you never told me before, Cas."
Dean replied, "Are you kidding? Mythology, angels, demons, looking for an absent God, free will."
Sam murmured, "Thank Jack. Finally!," before getting from his chair to walk up the beach to give them a long-deserved moment of privacy.
Dean looked around, “What would I do with this place?”
"I tell you, Sammy, the only time you should run is if something is chasing you. It is not fun. It's torture."
Castiel gasped affronted, "Of course. It is a Novak secret recipe, passed down to me from my grandmother. A closely guarded family secret."
"Claire, what have we said about calling Jack names?" Castiel narrowed his eyes and looked at her.
When he pulled up in Castiel’s driveway, he called out, “Sorry, I’m late, Cas.”
"Well, I don't like murderous waterfowl." Dean groused, "I apologize for trespassing though. I'm Dean." He scrambled to his feet. He found himself face to face with the farmer.
"No, no. I'm good. I thought you…"
One lazy Sunday morning, Dean walked into the kitchen. He had stayed up late working on his screenplay and had slept until noon. He sighed in exasperation as he found the peanut butter jar opened and lying on the counter. He muttered, "Again, Cas? The dude's a genius but he can't remember this one stupid thing." He wandered off to air his grievance with Castiel but first had to find him.
Castiel kissed him back, “A donkey? I don’t have a donkey.”
"And miss these few kid-less minutes? Not on your life! Let's get some beer." Castiel led him through the crowd to the beverage booth. He introduced Dean to several people on the way who Dean was sure he'd forget before they ever left the dance.
"I have to ask, why'd you name the dog Roberta?"
Claire asked, "Are you coming to the dance tonight, Dean?"
Dean lowered the bat and asked, "In the middle of the night?"
"We've known each other for a long time. It'd make sense if I told you a story before."
Castiel narrowed his eyes and growled in a deep voice, "You like something you see, Dean?"
Castiel chuckled, "I'll take it as my job to teach you to trust him. Now come meet my girls."
Castiel let out a small bitter laugh, "What connection do kids have to stories written eighty or a hundred years ago? At least when I teach poetry, I can teach that through song lyrics."
Castiel looked at him apprehensively, "All right, Dean."
Benny laughed, "He's pretty AND smart."
When Castiel caught sight of Sam, he broke into a wide smile. He said something to another employee and handed over tickets before heading in Sam's direction. "Hey, Sam. I'm sorry you had to meet me here, but you know Gabe. If he can get some free labor, he'll take it." He turned to Dean and said in a husky voice, "Hello, Dean."
“Hardly seems fair for you to do work for me and not get paid,” Dean protested.
Benny laughed, "I'm going to get the trophy for breaking Dean's craft beer cherry."
Castiel shrugged, “Maybe.”
"Ketchup doesn't really count as a vegetable, Cas."
He and Cas were inseparable during the summers when Dean visited. Cas was two years older, but he and Dean clicked instantly, and the farm was their kingdom. They had made forts in trees, learned to swim in the lake, and shared secrets that they didn't tell anyone else. Dean looked forward to summers every year because it meant his mother would bring him to Falcon Bay. It seemed magical.
Dean's brow furrowed, "Why? Why did you get chosen?"
She looked at Jack. "Your power or a soul which one do you pick?"
“No, I read it somewhere, but it’s because I liked your freckles that I remembered it. When we were little, probably the first time you came to Falcon Bay, I drew freckles on my face to make it look like yours. My mom had to scrub me with soap and alcohol because I used a permanent marker. I guess I really liked freckles.”
Dean gulped nervously, "That doesn't seem personal enough. We are…" Dean trailed off.
"Dean, I'll find where you are, and I'll stay with you. Whether it's Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory."
Castiel's eyes narrowed, "So you and Claire lied to me? I thought you said no more lies."
"We won't go far. It's been far too long since you and I just hung out, drank a couple of beers, and just shoot the shit." Dean replied.
Castiel gave up and put his head on Dean's shoulder. Dean closed his eyes and swayed with him. He could feel Castiel's hot breath on his cheek. His heart raced as Castiel moved closer, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck. Dean settled his hands on Castiel's waist. The world melted away as they danced. It wasn't until there was a sudden round of applause that Dean snapped out of it. He realized that the music was no longer playing and everyone in the gazebo was staring at them.
Jess whispered conspiratorially in Sam's ear, "You're right. They are exactly like an old married couple."
Castiel snapped his fingers and his attire changed to match the boys.
Castiel stretched his back and legs a moment before squatting in front of Sam. Sam leaned forward, and Castiel slung him over his shoulder. He staggered a moment when he straightened into a stand. His biceps showed some strain, but he easily carried Sam across the room and back before tossing him on the couch.
Dean just stood staring at Castiel. He'd never seen eyes so blue. Castiel returned the gaze with one eyebrow arched. Dean must have lost time for a moment because Sam cleared his throat.
"Do you ever get bored here? I mean, Jess, it's not exactly a happening place. Don't you ever want something more than what's here?" Dean gestured. "You went to a great law school. That’s Sam’s alma mater too. Most likely different years." Dean estimated that Jessica looked about ten years younger than Sam.
"Is it really? I can create you, and I can also take you away. How many times did I resurrect you to try to course-correct the story? After a while that detracts from the work, you know. I'm just not feeling it anymore." Chuck twisted his hand and Castiel fell to his knees spitting more blood onto the pavement.
"They are wonderful children. Really. Present performance, notwithstanding."
They just may run away from you
As Bowser walked toward him, Dean retreated through the gate. As soon as Bowser was through it, Dean shut it. Dean crowed, “Success!” He rolled the apple toward Bowser. The pig ate it in one bite and started walking up the fence line. Dean followed him until he saw the gap Bowser had made in the fence and he watched the pig’s curly tail disappear to the other side of the hedges again.
Dean grumbled, "Who is this guy you want to offer our spare room to anyhow? And why do we have to do it at the carnival?"
Castiel turned to face him to say something, but Dean silenced him with a kiss.
John asked sarcastically, “Here? On his farm? What did he do that was so important?”
Castiel leaned over and tilted his chin up so he could look into Dean's eyes. "You have a large family that cares about you now. Charlie would go to the moon and back for you. Bobby treats you and Sam like you’re his kids. Jess thinks you're great. And Sam, Sam doesn't need to be protected anymore. He can take care of you if you stumble." Castiel paused before smiling shyly, "And you have me, Dean. I'm not going anywhere."
Charlie grinned, "New beginnings. Sam owes me twenty bucks. I said you'd all be dating by Cas' birthday."
"What did you do to him?" Sam asked.
"Do you think you could watch the booth while I run and get Jack from the movies? The iPad acts as a cash register. Just type in the amount and enter the card number, easy peasy. Change is in the lockbox right there for people who pay cash. I'll be back in about ten minutes."
Amelia snickered, "He's cute, Cas. You should keep this one."
"He liked the ending the other way I think," Castiel said. "Jack killed Mary on accident, and Chuck tried to influence you to kill Jack. You and I argued about it. In the end, you couldn't do it. Chuck killed Jack instead when you refused."
Sam responded, "Jerk."
"Dean, there's something I need to tell you," Castiel said.
"Henry's boy?" the man asked.
Castiel responded, "You do you too, Dean. And I'll do me… Someday maybe we'll do each other." Castiel tried to leer lasciviously at him, but he looked more like a half-asleep sheep.
Dean stared at him in astonishment until he heard a loud noise behind him. He turned to see a goose charging straight for him, flapping his wings earnestly, and honking loudly. The goose aimed for his bare feet, trying to nip them. Dean yelped and threw himself back into the barn, ending up sprawled on his back. He kicked the barn door shut in the goose's face.
"Why wouldn't I be?" Dean's brows furrowed. "We're having fun."
If you love me, let me be
Without thinking, Dean hugged Bobby impulsively. "It's so good to see you, man."
Claire exclaimed, "Sparky! I'll just be taking him now." She pushed the box of cereal back at Dean and rushed over to grab the rooster before Castiel could say anything else. "I'll put him back in the coop and go right to sleep."
Castiel shrugged, "No problem, Dean. I finished the garden before it got hot, stopped by the grocery store, and picked up the burgers."  Castiel retrieved another hamburger and a beer out of the basket. After taking a bite of the hamburger, he said, "These make me very happy, Dean."
Dean laughed, "Did you like what you saw?"
"Me too. I didn't know any of this. I promise. I wouldn't have hidden this from you. But I made you forget. I'm so sorry." Castiel stood up abruptly and looked like he wanted to run away.
Castiel worried his bottom lip before saying quietly, "Yes. Always. Since the first time I saw your soul."
“It’s not work, Dean. I mean not as a job.”
Dean looked at the basket and then back at Castiel, "What is the surprise?"
“The estate is easy. Henry left the farm to you. It’s the original acreage plus an extra five acres that he purchased right before he died behind the farmhouse.”
Dean looked at the pig warily, “Let me guess, Bowser?”
"He's always been a good kid. I want to look out for him."
"I don't know. I just got here. I need a change in my life. I don't know what I'd do here for a living."
Rufus grumbled, “Bill, there ain’t no bill, you damn fool. I did this for your granddad. He was my friend. Bring me a bottle of Johnny Walker sometime and we’re even. Now git. I have a lot of work to do.”
Right as Castiel said that, the Impala made a sputtering noise. Dean eased it off the roadside. He growled, "Son of a bitch."
"If you say that one more time, I'm going to kick your ass. I love you. I… I realized it when Zachariah sent me to the apocalypse me world. What that Dean did to you… I couldn't bear to do that. So, I vowed never to tell you how I felt. It's been hard, man."
Castiel gave him a strange wink, "You don't need beauty sleep. You're already beautiful."
Castiel looked around the room at the others, "Did that sound like a dare? I think that sounded like a dare."
Sam positioned himself between her and Jack. "Leave him alone."
"Not at all. Falcon Bay is an incredibly open and inclusive community." She leaned over to scratch Roberta's ears. "This dog is an icon. Laziest hound in four counties at least, maybe the state. I see you and Cas have reconnected. "
Castiel's eyes meet Dean's and a warm smile decorated his face. "Hello, Dean."
When their hands brushed as Castiel dropped the rune in Dean's hand, both of them were blown back with an explosive force. Memories assaulted them. Their time in the apocalypse world rushed over them. Arguments, explanations, first kisses, touches, and caresses.
Dean shifted from one foot to another uncomfortably. He sighed, "Sam gave it to me for my 16th birthday. Yeah, his taste might not have been great then. But he saved his change until he could afford the tie. I had to wear it when he gave it to me. Then I put it in a drawer for a few years for safekeeping. When I went up for a part in Our Town, Charlie told me I should ditch my flannel and wear a dress shirt and tie. This was the only tie I had."
Castiel huffed a small laugh, "I think she got that way despite me, not because of me."
"I went anywhere and everywhere I wanted to go when I was an angel. I saw the world, the stars, the in-between. Really, Dean, wherever you want to go is fine."
“Yes, yes. I like what I see. Geez, Dean. Honestly, if I had been more awake, I would never have said that the other night. It’s just you were looking… I was half asleep…”
Claire stomped her foot in protest, "Dad."
"Everyone is turning on me," Dean groused.
"Well, some straight men…"
"I'm sorry I'm not talkative right now. I screwed up coming this way. I didn't realize how overcast it had become."
Castiel shrugged, "They've become an anchor around my neck. Inias never would have done what he did if I hadn't written the books. Now, I'm scared that everyone I meet will want to use me the way Inias did. So, flirting with you was easy. You didn't know. And you're straight. So, it was safe. I'm sorry it was confusing."
"I'm sorry, Dean."
“I don’t know. Teach maybe? I was a teaching assistant for a professor in college, Professor Mosely. She was amazing. She taught English literature. She taught me how to feel literature instead of just reading it. I loved grading papers and helping students. Does that sound nerdy?”
Sam snorted, "Only in small doses, bro." Sam turned to head to the Ferris wheel. "That's Cas, handling the ticket taking."
If you love somebody
When Castiel started to speak, she cut him off, "No, no, Dad. It isn't a trouble at all. I'm heading back anyway. Got to get to bed before eleven on Saturday night. Don't want to break bedtime rules."
Dean snorted, "You realize we sleep in the same house every night."
Cas laughed, "I guess he wouldn't know he had superpowers until he tried something."
"Shuddup, Jack."
Dean grinned, "Don't be silly. I have a backyard I can let you out in. No need for walks. I think we'll be good as long as you are treated for fleas."
"Jack's tuned into his sword and sorcery movies. Sam and Rowena are geeking out over magic books somewhere. Let's go for a ride in Baby. We haven't done that in a long time."
Jack supplied, "Dad doesn't like talking about it. He'd rather talk about the farm."
Charlie stared at him, "Why not? He's single. You're single. You have a lot in common. You both are ridiculously hot. You are both teachers. Albeit at competing high schools."
Chuck let go of Jack and said, "Ending this story. It's a hack job and it's time to ditch this draft."
After a moment, Dean swallowed and offered the earbud back to him. "Great song, Cas." He could stand there all day pressed against Castiel, but he had a feeling that things would become very uncomfortable very quickly if he remained standing that close to him.
"Probably part of Chuck's machinations. It was probably his idea for the angel with the crack in his chassis to go rescue the righteous man from Hell. He probably knew I would rebel and cause the dominos to fall that led us here."
"Not anymore. He met the older brother, and he's smitten. Question is… Are you smitten too?"
"Okay, then." Dean let him back into the house. Dean pulled out his phone and tapped his screen a few times. "Unforgettable" by Natalie Cole starting to waft around the room from the speakers.
Castiel arched an eyebrow, "I think they have a backlog of ways to grief you because you haven't seen them in so long."
Dean kissed the top of her head, "Missed you too, little sis. And I do actually have a present for you. I just didn't get it to you."
"He dressed up as Superman and jumped off the peak of the roof because he thought he could fly when he was 8."
Claire shook the box and called out softly, "Sparky!"
He flipped the light switch and was relieved when the electricity came on. He called the electric company a couple of days earlier and had talked to someone named Charlie about switching it on. She had kept him on the phone for a half-hour grilling him on what his favorite music, movies, and video games were. He had forgotten how friendly people were in the small town. Falcon Bay looked like it was still in the '50s when he was a kid. He wasn't sure if it still looked like that. He hadn't stepped foot in it since the last time he was here all those years ago.
"Filled their feed hoppers. They came scrambling. Sparky must have been out of hearing range. He likes to come over here when he's loose, so I thought I'd take a chance."
"Dad will disown you, Dean. Are you ready for that? You know how he is about loyalty and the family business."
Dean cracked a half-hearted smile, "My thoughts are worth at least a quarter."
Dean hung up the call and started to get ready for bed when he heard a crashing noise outside. He went to his old room and grabbed a baseball bat before he went outside to investigate.
"Your girls, Cas?"
Dean smiled at him charmingly, "Me? I'm adorable."
Charlie agreed, "Yes. That's true. He's the grumpiest of Care Bears in the morning. We all should just Care Bear stare him into oblivion."
"Chastity didn't seem to want to be there. I was simply informing her that there were scholarships I could help her apply for to advance her education."
He took a quick shower and then debated what to wear. It sounded like it was dressier casual according to Claire's description. He pulled on a pair of black jeans he knew would fit him well and debated on the shirt for several minutes before wearing a tan, country-style button-up shirt. He added an old bolo tie that he found in a box in Henry's room. He pulled on a pair of cowboy boots. He loved the boots and wore them as often as he could get away with in LA. His dad hated them when he wore them to meetings, but that didn't stop Dean. On the way out of the house, he grabbed his black leather jacket.
"Cas, you deserved better than Inias. It wasn't your fault."
“Good things do happen, Dean.” He paused before asking nervously, “Speaking of gifts. I have the gift certificate for Crowley’s. Would you like to go to dinner with me tomorrow night? The kids will be staying with Jody, so I’ll be at loose ends here.”
Castiel kissed him, "Immortality is overrated. I rather taste peaches. I rather taste you tasting like peaches."
“I’ve only been here for a little while, Dad. It takes time to fix twenty years of disuse." He added pointedly, " Maybe if I had known about it earlier.”
"Dean, this dance is supposed to…"
Dean huffed, "Thanks. How'd you guess what I wanted?"
Dean laughed. "Two of my favorite things combined -- jerky and bacon. This is some mighty fine cuisine, Cas." He popped a big piece of jerky in his mouth."
Dean put his hand on Castiel's arm. "No. Cas. Do you still love me?"
"The cows." He patted the one he was milking, "This is Taylor." He introduced him to each of the others in turn, "This is Beyoncé, Stevie, Gaga, Cher, Barbra, Ariana, and of course, Britney. I had Christina too, but she and Bowser didn't get along well."
“Bowser came to visit me this morning. I lured him home but he’s back over there now. I don’t mind him visiting but I don’t have fences to keep in animals like you do.  So, I was afraid he might wander into traffic or something.”
Sam nodded, "Yep, sounded like a dare to me."
"For not visiting me since April, asshole. One night, would one night have been too much to ask to let your best friend since childhood know that you are alive and doing well? I mean I got it secondhand from Sam, but there's been no phone calls, no texts, no proof of life."
"If I don't make it out the other side, don't blame yourself. You blame yourself for so much. As you said to me, you can't save everyone."
Claire rolled her eyes, "Doh. Retirement has broken your last remaining brain cells, Pops."
"I’m always busy, Sam," Dean protested.
Dean’s mind whirled. He believed in the project. He knew he’d be good at it but… He was falling in love with the town… and with the man standing next to him looking hurt. He didn’t know how to comfort him. He didn’t know what to say. Right now, Dean didn’t understand a damned thing.
Dean spent the afternoon cleaning up his files and sorting things for his eventual replacement. He was determined to give his dad a resignation letter that day and then walk out the door. He suspected his father would fire him as soon as he resigned, so it didn't seem important to give his two-week notice.
"We are going on a beach vacation? Couldn't we do this after we see Mom? And Bobby? Is Charlie here?" Sam asked excitedly.
"That's not your fault."
Sam received a text as he answered, "Ergo, whimsy." He looked at his phone before adding, "Jess is at the front gate of the fair. I'm going to go get her. I'll be back."
Sam nodded and offered it to him. "Dad asked me to get some legal documents from his safe because he was busy. I found that envelope buried under a lot of Dad's papers. It was addressed to you, so I 'borrowed' it."
Castiel looked startled before responding, "I supposed I did. I didn't care for it much."
Dean gently tugged Castiel closer to him and murmured, "Dance with me, Cas."
Dean glanced at him, "For what?" He pulled two more bottles of beer from the cooler, opened them, and handed one to Castiel.
Charlie grinned, "I was claiming Castiel."
Dean laughed at him. “You’re adorable when you are befuddled.”
"Sure, Cas. Do you need help?"
He got out of the car and headed to the trunk. He grabbed a few tools and headed to the hood. After popping the hood, he started to try to figure out the problem. After checking the battery wires and spark plugs, he realized with a sinking feeling that there was no way he'd be able to fix it in the dark.
After Castiel tilted his head at him, Dean said, "John Lennon. The song Imagine. I'm going to have to make you listen to more music than just Led Zeppelin."
Castiel said, "You have no idea."
She stopped to hug Jack before turning to Dean. "You must be Dean."
Dean waited for Castiel to explain but he sat there quietly. After a minute of silence, "Why?"
Castiel frowned, "I was responsible for him."
"It's good to be back."
Castiel smiled, "You don't say? Maybe she meant I should find an Aquarius as a roommate." He stared at Dean intently, "Maybe or maybe not."
Castiel glanced at his watch. When he was an angel, he had known exactly what time it was and his geolocational coordinates. Now, he had to use a new Scooby-Doo watch that Dean assured him was appropriate for an adult male. Castiel had his doubts. "It's been 8 days, 4 hours, and 32 minutes."
Castiel protested, "I only saw the re-release version, not the original theatrical version."
"You're at home, Dean. I'm the one that should be going." Castiel yawned widely and stretched.
"Nervous as hell. But I always get this way. I'll calm down once it gets started."
Dean growled in his ear, "May I please have this dance?"
Castiel said stubbornly, "You taught me about free will and to do the right thing. I owe you."
Dean rolled closer to him, “Do you still like them?”
Dean facepalmed as he groaned, "Doh."
"Charlie introduced them to me. They are contagious. The song makes me very happy."
Dean shook it, "I'm Dean. But you already knew that. Good to meet you."
The kids chattered animatedly as they drove into town. The festival was held in a large gazebo in the park. Hay bales were strewn around it and Dean could see just about every flower he could imagine adorning every surface the bales made. Dean said, "Falcon Bay is really into its flowers."
"Taylor is off her feed. She could just be having a bad day. She's entitled just like the rest of her, but she's usually the first to the hay and the last to leave. It's probably nothing." Castiel looked worriedly at her.
“Last week, yes. Right now, I just don’t know, Cas. It’s everything that I’ve worked for during the last ten years. It’s a great opportunity.”
Dean grumbled, "For fuck's sake. Whatever could go wrong, is going wrong. I'm sorry for the shitstorm this has turned into, Cas."
The blonde who had been talking to Rowena walked over, "Hello, Dean. I'm Jessica Moore. I talked to your brother on the phone the other day about the estate." She offered her hand.
Dean raised both eyebrows, "He does?"
“Never. He flirts with everyone, but he takes a particular delight in tormenting me. Mostly because I blushed. Kelly thought it was funny, but I never enjoyed it.”
"I'm trying to process. I think Rowena made that rune. I just don't know when."
How long of time is left for you
Dean finished repairing the fence and stretched. He tugged his shirt back on, “This seems like such hard work to keep the farm running, Cas. Did you ever think of doing something else?”
Castiel huffed out a small laugh. "To tell you the truth, we didn't do it for you, as much as we did it for Henry. He wanted you to have that place. He said someday you'd need a place to figure out what it is you wanted to do in life. That you would want to start over. I had no clue what he was talking about, but it seemed important to him. And in full disclosure, Henry is the reason I got to go to college. Mom didn't have the money and Jimmy had his football scholarship. When I turned eighteen, Mom told me Henry had made a college fund for me. I owe a lot to him, Dean. However, I also never forgot you for you. The summers we spent together were some of the most fun I had."
Dean let out a small huff of a laugh. "You could have signed the note, my mysterious benefactor, so I would know who to thank." Dean quickly made the bed. He was suspicious that the mattress was new. He'd have to figure out who to reimburse for setting the place up for him so nicely. Dean picked up the linens and quickly made the bed.
Castiel looked at him questioningly, "I am?"
"Spent the day at a farmer's market. I met a lot of Grandpa Henry's friends. He loved this town."
"Happy anniversary.”
Castiel flashed a wide smile in greeting as he saw him. "I saw you talking to Ellen and Bobby. They were excited to hear you were coming back."
Castiel shrugged, "Everything. For being there. For being here. For showing me the way. For lov… For lots of things."
Dean sighed, "I'm sorry, Sam. Me leaving is going to make things worse for you."
Sam sighed deeply and slowed down. Dean immediately was distracted by a dart balloon game that had teddy bear prizes. As he headed in that direction, Sam yanked him back. He grumbled, "Dean. This way."
Dean smiled ruefully, "I’m kind of counting on it, Sam. If he's mad and thinks he's disowning me, he might just let me go without a fuss. He'll think he's cutting me off, but I'll really be escaping."
When Dean arrived home from teaching the day after Castiel moved in, he found him dancing in the kitchen as he was cooking something that smelled delicious on the stove. Castiel had earbuds in his ears listening to music that Dean couldn't hear. Dean enjoyed watching him gyrate around the kitchen, adding spices to a simmering pot that looked like it might be spaghetti sauce, and humming under his breath.
"I don't know what anything costs. You don't have prices listed."
“Speaking of the barn, how’s Taylor?”
“It’s ok. I like it. I sometimes think I should try something else. I think that’s why I’m here. I don’t know what I want to be when I grow up. I’m kind of old to be deciding that now I suppose.”
"You came back from your run and whipped of your shirt and to wipe the sweat off your face."
"I'm just having a strong sense of déjà vu, Dean. Maybe it's just because you told me the story before." Castiel sipped his beer and lost himself deep in thought for a moment. He could distinctly remember parts of a conversation where he and Dean talked about future him, but he couldn't place it in context.
"Well, he hasn't missed a day at the farmer's market in over ten years, so I don't know why he'd stop now."
"I don't want anyone to hurt Sam like that, Cas."
"Well, don't fully commit to wearing overalls and work boots yet. The newness might wear off and next week you'll be yearning for the lights of the big city." Sam laughed.
“Sure, it does. The townsfolk just try to slow it down as fast as possible. When a company put up a big box store along the highway, we had to come up with new ways to bring business downtown. That’s why we hold the farmer’s market. What used to be clothing and drug stores, now sell antiques and crafts. You have to adapt. But if you love something, it’s worth fighting for. Maybe we can’t keep it forever, but we can keep it for today. That’s all that matters.”
"Sam did bad things without a soul. I forgave Sam. He lost his soul to protect us. I know Jack didn't mean to hurt Mom. My brain knows it; my heart just hasn't gotten the memo yet."
Dean gave him a reprimanding look. "You did what you had to do, Cas. And you made things right by her. Cut yourself some slack."
"Henry knew it wasn't your fault. He was also quite insistent that you'd come back. I have a couple of little things for you if I can figure out where I put them. It's been a long time. Welcome home, Dean." She looked at Bobby, "Come on, old man. You promised me you'd help me haul some of Cas' honey to the roadhouse."
Dean muttered, "He could have waited for us to answer."
Castiel leaned back in his chair and laughed until tears started to form at his eyes.
"I've only done that three times. I make a lot of PB&J sandwiches. That's like maybe, maybe 5% of the time I make sandwiches. One time because Gabe called me in the middle of making them. One because I was in a hurry to get back to watch Dr. Sexy with you because you grumbled about pausing it right at a good part. And once because…." Castiel trailed off.
Something clicked inside of Dean. He whispered to himself, “Thank you, Henry.” He felt Henry’s love settle around him. “I don’t need to go home. I am home.”
Dean pulled Castiel him. He started kissing him tentatively but grew in intensity as they became more comfortable. Dean murmured, "Cas…"
Amara pursed her lips and looked at him, "No."
Dean yawned tiredly as he was driving home. It had been a grueling day between the long hours working on the play with his students and his night class on writing screenplays. He had taken the class ostensibly as continuing education for his teaching certification, but he also secretly wanted to work on scripts for a television show he had developed. He didn't tell Sam these plans, because it sounded silly to himself. How would a teacher in their little town ever sell a pilot in Hollywood? But still, he worked on the scripts in quiet hours when no one was around. Well, except for Cas, but Cas just through he was continuing to work on the script for his students' play.
"I'm mad at both of us."
Dean watched him disappear beyond the crowd when he heard a voice, "Dean Winchester, as I live and breathe. Is that you?" Dean turned to see a middle-aged woman with short greying hair, wearing a sheriff's uniform.
Dean turned back to him, “Yes?”
"The lawyers are a lot prettier here than where I'm from," Dean replied charmingly. "My brother, Sam, is tall as a moose and needs a date with a barber."
Dean's brows furrowed as Castiel took the bear with a glimmer of tears in his eyes. He said hoarsely, "Thank you, Dean."
He said tensely to Dean, "I don't think this is a normal storm. It feels supernatural in origin."
"Only if I can sign them as Cas Novak."
"Let's go for a whirl, Cas," Dean offered.
“Not trite. Maybe a little optimistic. It’s one of the things I like about you, Cas. You see the good and the silver lining in things. I might be a little more jaded.”
After a few minutes, Charlie appeared across the table from him, wearing a Princess Leia t-shirt and purple jeans. She placed two pieces of pie on the table as she juggled her coffee cup and the book that she had tucked under one arm. Dean tensed, waiting to catch something if it fell. But Charlie did as Charlie always does and managed to get everything gracefully down.
Castiel shook his head.
“Henry’s from my world. He figured out how to fit in.”
Castiel shrugged, "Just the one. I don't raise any livestock that you eat. But a friend of mine named Cain gave him to me one year to fatten up for holiday dinner. Bowser was the cutest little piglet. The kids immediately refused to even consider him as a meal."
“I can give you an approximate number based on the size of the hives if you’d like.”
"I was about to dance with Dad so he wouldn't be the perpetual wallflower. But now that you are here, you can help save him from becoming one with the wall." Claire looked at Dean hopefully, "Dad can line dance like no one's business. He's got two left feet when it comes to slower dancing. Good thing you have cowboy boots on."
Dean leaned forward, "Can I kiss you, Cas?"
"This time it will be different, Cas. We don't need to save the world. This time the story is about us."
Things with Castiel were different. He would be all in. It wasn’t just a relationship between the two of them; it was the whole package. The kids, the town, the cows, Roberta, even the goose.
Dean looked at Castiel, "She's a force of nature."
“If we go further, I’m in it for the long haul, Cas. I don’t want to start something that I can’t finish. That’s why I stopped us last night.”
“What about us? We’re from different worlds.”
After Jody said goodbye, Castiel said, "You don't have to stay at the farmer's market if you don't want to, Dean. I don't want to monopolize your time."
Dean rolled his eyes. "I hate the tabloid side of the business. It makes up complete nonsense about celebrities but puts in just enough ambiguous wording so we don't get sued. And don't even talk to me about having to buy photos from the paparazzi. Luckily, I worked mostly in the fictional novels segment of the business. Both sides are pure fiction, but at least I claim it's fictional and not real. Dad had to go into debt to start that branch."
Rufus’s face softened for the first time. “He knew it was your dad keeping you away when you were younger. He was never mad at you. He wasn’t mad at anyone. Just sad. Your granddad was a good man, Dean. Not a soul in this town will say otherwise. He sure was a terrible fisherman though. Always wanted to catch that wily catfish in the lake and never did.”
Dean smiled warmly, "Thank you, Chuck." He glanced concernedly at Castiel who looked like he wanted to bolt. "Now, if you excuse me, Cas and I are going to get a drink. All that dancing is thirsty work." Dean put his arm around Castiel and escorted him out of the gazebo to a grove of trees. "Cas, I'm so sorry. How badly did I mess things up for you? Is there someone else?"
Dean shook his head, "I insist Cas." Dean put change in the machine. This would be the test if he still had it. He had been able to get Sam something out of every claw machine once he got the hang of it. It helped keep Sam occupied on the road to have something new. Invariably, John would throw it out eventually because they liked to travel light. Rather, John liked to travel light. It didn't matter what Dean and Sam wanted. Focusing on the machine, Dean bit his lip in concentration as he wrangled the crane over the bear. When he caught and hooked the bear, he carefully maneuvered it to the chute out.
"I was thinking of Bobby just last night. I'd like to see him again."
Dean strained to stop himself from laughing. "Wouldn't miss it for the world, Cas."
Castiel winked awkwardly, "I can also juggle, ride a unicycle, speak three languages, and make lasagna from scratch. And apple pies."
Dean turned around. A middle-aged man with a beard wearing overalls and an old trucker hat stood there. Dean exclaimed, "Bobby!"
"Just flow with it, Dean. Maybe you need some whimsy in your life. You are so structured and regimented. Let loose."
Dean responded, "I'm good too. I can't think of anyone else in this place I'd rather dance with."
The rest of the meal passed in an easy banter between the two. Crowley did not make a reappearance until the very end of the meal when he flirted with Dean while Castiel picked up the check. Crowley was amused to see the gift certificate from the festival and asked them if they wanted to reenact the dance for him. After Castiel looked like he wanted to punch Crowley in the face, Dean grabbed his arm and looked at Crowley, “I think it would be prudent to take care of that check now.”
Dean's brows furrowed, "Why did all of you go through all this trouble? You didn't know if I'd ever come back. It's been a decade, and I was just a kid. I'm surprised anyone remembers me."
Dean leaned towards Castiel and kissed him softly, "I love you, Cas."
Dean bowed slightly to Castiel, "Can I have this dance?"
Castiel nodded. He didn't think that was it, but he couldn't put the feeling into words.  He stared pensively at his beer.
"I'm sorry, Dean. I didn't mean to make you."
Dean was standing in the hot sun, pulling weeds when he heard a whiffling sound. He saw movement in the brush. He picked up his hedge trimmers to brandish it when a black and white pig broke out of the brush. It snorted at Dean and then stuck its snout in the dirt sniffling and pawing. The pig was large and stood about to Dean’s mid-thigh.
“My apologies, I meant you really had a fine ass.”
"Especially since they let us spend the time we were grounded together watching TV and playing with Matchbox cars."
“What I mean is that the farm isn’t self-sufficient. It barely breaks even really. Remember, my father used to plant all those fields back there. I sold off the fields to the McGuire farm several years ago. My books are really what supports us.” Castiel looked at him wistfully.
Dean opened the envelope and pulled out some documents. He glanced through them before handing them to Sam, "Do these say what I think they say?"
"He's my friend. I just don't know why. It's all very confusing, Dean. I think there's been some temporal distortion, but my powers have faded too much for me to be sure."
"I know Mom was happier there. Do you think it's weird that Mom liked being with Dad's father more than Dad?"
Dean smiled back at him widely.
“What?”
"Off you go." Castiel shooed them off the front porch. "Claire, thank you for taking him. Bonus allowance this week."
Castiel pulled out some bacon jerky and handed it to Dean, "For your dining pleasure."
Castiel pursed his lips at Dean, "You don't think I could carry Sam like that?"
He caught his first fish on this pier all those years ago. Henry had somehow managed to keep a boisterous five-year-old quiet enough to go fishing. After being suitably proud of Dean catching such a big fish, they threw it back into the water. The fish was probably about five-inches-long, but it seemed quite large to his five-year-old self. His grandfather had told him that whenever you had to think through big thoughts, fishing was the way to do it. It kept your hands busy, so your thoughts could be peaceful.
The man stared at him and tilted his head, "I remember you. I'm Castiel. Cas Novak." His eyes were the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen. He stared at Dean intently.
Castiel considered Dean. He was tempted to tell him one thing. Dean hadn't understood his previous attempt in the barn with Ramiel. So, he had changed the wording. No, he couldn't talk about that. "I saw Atlantis slide into the Deep. They annoyed God so he tossed them into the ocean. Chuck apparently isn't amused by many things."
Castiel walked over to Sam. "May I?"
“Honestly, I don’t think there is one. I think Dad finally realized you aren’t a kid anymore. Plus, things are going a bit downhill in your department since you left.”
Dean indicated the paper that Castiel had covered in red ink. "Like that?"
“I don’t know yet. I haven’t seen you when you haven’t been befuddled.” Dean snickered more loudly.
“Sam told you about my offer?” John asked straight to the point.
Dean frowned, "Lisa used to complain about how much attention I gave Sam. She said I always put him before her. Well, duh, taking care of him has always been my job."
“Five minutes of my dad’s attention. He’d say hello to Sam and me in the morning before he went to work. He said goodnight at the end of the day if he made it back in time from whatever meeting he had before we went to sleep. The reason I went to work for him is I thought I’d finally get to spend time with him. For most of my childhood, it was just Sam and me and the nanny of the week. We’re pretty much all we had growing up. I’m the one that made sure Sam got clothes when he hit one of his ridiculous growth spurts. I’m the one that forged Dad’s signature on permission slips for field trips. I practically raised my little brother.”
"In full disclosure, I was born in California and went to school there."
Castiel looked at him doubtfully, "You sure."
“Well, it won’t help to wish now. I don’t have time for all this Hallmark crap. I had Sarah draw up the paperwork to transfer the trust to you. You just have to sign it on the way out.”
Dean let out a long-suffering sigh as he walked in Sam's wake. "What grade and class does he teach, Sam?"
Charlie shrugged. "Let's get back to his birthday present. He likes plants."
Jack and Claire were playing a video game in the living room when they arrived. Dean sat down to watch them as Castiel left to take a shower. By the time he emerged from the shower, Claire and Jack had co-opted Dean into playing with them. Dean was immersed in the game with the kids and didn't notice Castiel's arrival.
Jack suddenly doubled over in pain. Sam tried to punch Chuck in the face but was sent flying backward against the Impala.
Dean glared at Sam. "Bitch."
Castiel shrugged, "Then why is that your lucky tie?"
"You here to stay? Or just visiting?"
"Please do it," Jack asked.
"Not that I agree with Dad's reasoning, but he thinks it's a niche market. Winchester Publishing is usually more mainstream."
"Good seeing you…" Dean stammered again still looking at Castiel's chest. "I mean talking to you." Dean yearned to smooth Castiel's hair… or tousle it more.
As the waitress handed Dean the check, Dean rose from the table to head to the cash register to pay. After he paid the check, he turned around, expecting Castiel to be standing right behind him. Castiel stood about ten feet away, looking wistfully at a claw machine.
Castiel huffed a small laugh, "Thanks for that, Jody. I'm going to tell Kaia sometime about what happened out at Willow Creek with Jackson Smith."
"The start of the garden that you wanted. I have all the things you need to plant more plants except for the plants themselves. You can knock yourself out gardening, Cas."
Jack looked askance, "What would Chef Garth do then? He already has a pizza place. I mean Dad's pizza is better, but Chef Garth wouldn't have a job then."
"Your birthday present is out here, Cas." Dean turned him to look at the yard.
Dean said, "But Kelly. I assumed…"
Tears shone in Castiel's eyes, "I would love nothing more than to have that life with you."
She kissed the back of Castiel's head before saying, "Hi, Babe. I’m glad you escaped Gabe early. Do you want to stop by the pools to do laps before we go home?"
Bowser didn’t answer and returned to rooting around in the dirt. After considering the pig for a moment, Dean went into his house and brought out two apples. He rolled an apple towards Bowser. Bowser sniffed it and looked up warily at Dean before eating it. He glanced at Dean and then at the apple in his hand expectantly.
"The farm is more real," Castiel replied. "I invent make-believe worlds, but this is my home." He gestured around the farmhouse.
"If I have many more days with Dad like today, I might be there on the next bus."
After a few minutes, Castiel pulled his car, an elderly golden Continental, up to the bottom of the stairs, and the trio got in. Claire and Jack slid into the backseat, while Claire practically pushed Dean into the front passenger side. When Roberta meandered toward the car to try to get in, Castiel called out to her, "Not tonight, girl. You stay here and guard." Roberta let out an undignified snort before settling back onto the porch, looking at them with a woebegone face.
Charlie laughed, "Do you think we should now tell him that Cas carried Sam before Sam carried Cas to show him the best way to get leverage?"
Castiel grinned widely, "But we don't sleep together!"
Castiel nodded at him, "Sometimes it's not the destination, it's the journey. I left Falcon Bay to go to school in Boston. I loved the city, but I was very lonely even though I was in a large group of people. I only had a few friends like Kelly and Charlie who I connected with. I miss the hustle and bustle of Boston sometimes, but I love Falcon Bay. It's home.  Not just because the farm has been in my family for generations, but these people know me. They see me. They care."
"Piece of cake, Dean. Or, maybe, pie. So, lay it on me. What's your crisis?" Charlie pushed a piece of pie in his direction. "Pie always makes you feel better. Cherry."
Dean and Sam had both worked in the family publishing business since they graduated from college. Dean didn't love it, but he didn't hate it either. It just was. He handled marketing and media for the company, while his brother was an attorney who handled the company's legal matters. His dad ran the firm with an iron fist. He had to have the final sign-off for every book they published; every marketing campaign they ran, everything.  Dean and John butted heads constantly. Dean wanted to bring diversity to the types of books they published and add a product line focusing on minority and LGBT authors. John would have no part of that. He’d often say, “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.”
Castiel smiled at him, "No, I promise to be kinder and gentler to your students. I didn't spend a month reading a book with them."
"I guess I'm just testing the water. I was in a long-term relationship, Dean. Nine years. Inias and I… For a long time, I thought he was the one for me. Then, slowly, I realized something was wrong. I'm oblivious to obvious signs I supposed. Jimmy didn't like Inias, and he told me that Inias was using me. I, of course, didn't believe him, and Jimmy and I were estranged for a while. Gabe poked into his finances and found out Inias was heavily in debt. I didn't care because I didn't need for him to pay his fair share. I got a joint bank account with him and put a large amount of money in it. He went through it quickly. Then a painting I had disappeared. Then some rare books. I still shrugged it off. Then, one day I came home from a conference early because I was sick. He had another man in our bed. I turned and walked out. When I returned to my apartment, Inias had taken most of the valuable things and his belongings and disappeared. Altogether, he stole about 1.3 million dollars from me. I was heartbroken. I moved in with Jimmy, who blissfully did not say I told you so. I wallowed there in self-pity for a couple of years until Jimmy and Amelia were engaged. Then I figured I needed to get on with my life. But, after 12 years, it's a daunting task to enter the dating field."
"Hey dude, if you are uncomfortable dancing with me, we can stop right now." Dean protested.
Sam dutifully sat in the assigned chair. He picked up one of the drinks and tasted it. "Isn't this what Crowley used to drink?"
"Naïve?"
"I’m adorable."
"I have no explanation. Last thing I remember I was driving home, and that headache hit."
Dean smiled at him, "If you're happy, I'm happy, Cas."
"I could hear you in the shower and knew you'd be out soon. You were singing 'Sweet Home, Alabama.' You sing very well. We should go out to this Karaoke bar I know."
Dean frowned, "You also told Jack to stop killing Nick, and told us Mom was with Rowena. Rowena doesn't remember a damn thing."
When Dean crossed the farm to the Novak homestead and climbed a tall hill, he was thankfully not accosted by any other critters. He climbed the stairs to the veranda of the small Victorian farmhouse. A tired bloodhound sat on a tattered dog bed, chewing on a bone, near the door. She looked up and him and wagged her tail but didn't move. Dean crouched next to her and patted her on the head. "Hi there, sweetie."
Dean leaned back against the rocks and looked at him steadily, "I did that because what I saw in the other future scared the hell out of me. When Zachariah sent me five years in the future, future me was a real dick that sent you into a meat grinder to try to take out Lucifer."
"How could I forget him? You had a picture of him with the cow on the wall until we moved to the bigger house."
"Well, I would say selling my soul for Sam was my best decision, but it probably wasn't. But you, you taught me to have faith and that I deserved to be saved."
Castiel gave him an indulgent smile, "And more importantly, nougat."
"Cas' birthday is on the 18th. I have no idea what to get him."
Castiel stopped laughing, "I feel that too, Dean. It's just different with you. I don't feel like I need to fill up the empty space."
"You cut me enough slack for the both of us."
Castiel switched to the next drawing, "Surely, they could select something better. There are many great authors to choose from."
Dean ruffled Castiel's hair. "Never change, dude." Dean pulled Castiel's arm and led him to the back door. He pushed him in front of him onto the back deck and flipped on the outside light.
"What does that have to do with the peanut butter?"
Dean stared deeply into his eyes, feeling apprehensive. "What Cas?"
"It was one of my most memorable birthdays. I'm not sure we should let Jess and Charlie pick the venue. Please do not post the pictures on social media. I'm sure we'd get reprimanded at school."
"I worked with Kelly. She edited my books, and we became friends. She got involved with someone who turned out not to be a good person. He's in prison now. I offered to marry her and adopt Jack when she told me she was pregnant. We figured if I were on the birth certificate, he'd never be able to try to get custody of Jack if he ever gets out. She moved here and we got married. She had the baby. Nobody was the wiser. It was mutually beneficial because Claire would get a mom; Jack would get a dad. We'd have a perfect, stereotypical family. Only, breast cancer happened and took Kelly from me. Kelly and I were extremely close friends. She was family.”
“Henry was the man who stepped in to build a baseball field when the other one burned. He’s the one that took in a neighbor boy and gave him a father figure. He helped people. This was his home.”
"Yes?"
“Oh?”
Ellen surveyed the crowd, "Interesting."
Sam laughed, “You barely got there, Dean. Dad’s handing you everything you asked for on a silver platter and more.”
Castiel looked embarrassed, "Yes. It's nothing. I like to tell stories."
“Not at all. I’d ask you to join me on the dock, but I think we’d both end up in the water. This dock just isn’t what it used to be.” He stood up and reeled his line in. He laid the pole on the dock and said, “Let’s walk.”
"Son of a bitch," Dean growled. "That was real? I actually told you I love you?"
"It's a lot safer than hunting. Sometimes, it's boring. But I can't take Elena and the twins hunting, can I? Hauling kids on the road ain't the life." Claire had saved a young, pregnant woman from a vampire on a hunt two years previously. They had hit it off and before they knew it, Claire was settled down in Sioux Falls with a wife and two girls named Samantha and Deanna.
Jack stood on tippy toes to peek inside the engine block. "Can I help?"
“It’s a family business with no family, Dad. When’s the last time you really talked to Sam? I don’t mean ordering Sam to do things but listening and understanding him. Do you know what his favorite food is? Favorite color? Favorite rock band? How old he was when he first slept with a girl? What his favorite professor’s name was? Did you know he minored in folklore?”
“Dean? Where are my clothes?” Cas asked as he shuffled behind him.
“I don’t know Cas.” Dean chuckled, “I’m not sure I’m ready to be in a committed relationship just yet.”
Dean was not prepared for that question. He gave Castiel his signature confused look hoping deep inside that Castiel didn’t catch him hesitate, but knew too well that Cas caught it. Dean gave out a slight laugh before he came up with an excuse not to answer the question. But he couldn’t say it because Castiel spoke first.
“Cas, are you telling us that you DON’T love Dean?”
“Why didn’t you take me? That was our deal!”
Sam and Dean both looked at Jack with their jaws hitting their feet. Sam then turned to his older brother and crossed his arms with the same knowing smirk running across his face, and a slight chuckle escaping the tall Winchester’s lips.
Castiel chuckled before he took it off of his vessel and tossed it onto the floor by the trench coat. They both began undoing their pants and slipping them onto the floor as well before going back in for a kiss. Dean was silently praying to himself that Cas wanted to be bottomed for their first time, but Cas had other plans. While distracting Dean with a heavy deep kiss, Castiel pulled their boxers off and slowly spread Dean’s legs apart.
“The hunt was... uh... it was quick.” Sam stammered as he tried to keep his eyes from Cas’ private area.
-2 weeks later-
“Heh, well... I may have-“
I’m sorry that it hasn’t been updated recently, but you know how life can get.
As soon as the shaking happened, it had stopped. Everyone crowed together after to make sure they were all okay. When there no sign of anyone hurt, they all shared a laugh.
Dean lifted the case of beer in his hands, along with a plastic bag full of other random gas station snacks. And a small unopened box. Jack tried to take a closer look at it because he felt that there was more to this story than what Dean OR Cas were saying. Before Jack could read what the box was saying, Dean had taken bag out of the war room and into the kitchen.
“No!” Cas heard Jack cry before realising they all were being gripped by the Empty.
The trio all gave each other concerned gazed before looking back at their fearless leader. Dean looked up at all three of them before trying to stand up. The green eyed hunter nearly fell backwards if it weren’t for Castiel standing there to help him to his feet. Dean gave his Angelic friend a pat on the shoulder before making his way toward the kitchen. Sam, Jack and Cas followed closely behind the man who had just returned from his odd abduction. As Dean sat down at the table with a cup of coffee and a couple Tylenol tablets, he asked his question again.
“Ah, Cas!” Dean grunted as he felt Castiel pecking at his neck.
Jack let out a slight chuckle before standing up and walking over toward his father. The Nephilim placed a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and looked into his eyes.
Castiel wakes up and finds Jack and Sam the morning after.
“And why would I do that, Castiel? As I see it, this scenario can be played out two different ways, but it all has the same ending for me. Headless on this old, rustic flooring, and you still being unsatisfied with the little information you could extract from me.” The Vamp spat some blood into the floor before continuing their little monologue, “So why don’t we just skip to the end here, and you go on ahead and push that fancy blade of yours into my monster brain and end me? Because, Castiel, I don’t know where your little boy toy went.”
As soon as Castiel’s trench coat and shirt was off, Dean stopped for a second to look at Cas’ undershirt. Dean smiled as he read the print to the Angel over him.
Sam grabbed his brother by the shoulders and forced him to look at him. The older Winchester stared into his younger brother’s eyes with more worry than his usual smug attitude. Sam noticed at how scared Dean was of him than ever before. He loosened up a bit before asking the question again. Dean then had taken a deep breath before turning to face his younger brother.
The hunter laid on his back as Castiel went on to pulling off Dean’s shoes to be placed by the bedroom door. Dean mumbled something under his breath before turning to his side and falling asleep. The Angel sighed as he shut the light off and closed the door behind him. A huge wave of worry washed over the wingless Angel and this caught the attention of the young Nephilim. Jack looked up at his father and tilted his head with curiosity stirring in his mind.
“Now why in heaven, hell, PURGATORY, or even on earth would Dean wanna have sex with me?” Castiel asked as he pulled his trench coat over his shoulders while walking into the kitchen.
A few weeks went by, and Dean wasn’t himself. Then again, neither was Jack. It was almost normal for Dean to be in a different mood after such an experience with Michael, but since there was a small chance that Jack didn’t have his soul anymore because of killing Michael was raising more concern for him than for Dean. Sam and Cas tried to be worried for Dean, but he seemed like he was handling whatever was making him not himself.
As Dean made his way to the front door, Cas pulled his arm stopping the hunter in his tracks. Dean stood there for a bit, trying, but failing, to get out of the Angel’s grip. After accepting that he wasn’t getting out of Castiel‘s hold, Dean stood closer to him to the point they were sharing the same air. This caught Cas off guard a little, but he composed himself before preparing to ask the question again.
“Dean?!?” Castiel cried as he looked in the bathroom.
“What’s up with you guys? You all seem like you just saw someone come back to life or something.” Dean chuckled silently before downing the two pills and taking a sip of his coffee.
The hunter just chuckled as he looked Cas up and down. Without exactly thinking, Dean gave a slight wink before telling the Angel that his clothes were in the laundry room. Cas nodded his head before making he way to fetch his clothes.
“He seems to be taking this very hard.” Jack said very innocently.
“I’m sorry... I’m what?” The older Winchester stammered.
“It’s the Empty. It’s here to take Castiel.” Jack cried.
Cas turned to Sam who now had a guilty smile on his face. The tall hunter shrugged as the Angel proceeded to give him the death glare.
“Dad?” Jack started, “Where are your clothes?”
“Cas? Honey? Is everything alright?” Dean asked when he saw his husband smiling.
“Sam and Jack when out on a hunt.” Castiel said as he caught up with Dean.
“Yeah, babe. Everything couldn’t be more perfect.”
“Cas? What are you doing? What is that?!?” Sam panicked.
Castiel began to stumble over his words, “What? N-no of-of course I-I love Dean. B-but n-“
Castiel slammed a vampire up against the wall of the abandoned warehouse after a ten minute fighting session. Sure the Vamp looked like crap and close to death, but that didn’t mean Cas was left unharmed himself. He held the Angel blade under the vampire‘s chin and slowly pressed up. The fanged creature flinched as they felt their blood slowly drip down the blade threatening to tear off their head. This, of course, didn’t faze the creature, but more of made them smile with their fangs showing with pride.
Just as the hunter opened his eyes to get Cas on top of him, he felt something squeeze its way inside of him. His eyes grew wider as he felt exactly which hole it was in too. He wanted to protest, or to at least tell Cas he was in the wrong hole, but he never knew how good it felt to have a penis inside of a vagina. The hunter swung his head to the right as he felt the full length of the Angel inside of him, and gave out a pleasurable moan as Castiel slid out slightly, and slowly slid back in.
“Right.” Castiel shyly laughed, trying his best not to be too happy about this moment.
Castiel entered the kitchen with Sam and Jack in tow. The tall hunter sat at the table to look for anymore clues that could help them find Dean, and the wingless Angel walked toward the fridge to pull out a couple bottles of beer. Jack was concerned, so he tried to grab the bottle from his father, but slowly retreated after seeing the cold stare coming from Castiel. Sam looked up at the two but kept quiet, knowing that this feeling of loss with their most valued member was really hard on Cas. Without a word exchanged, the blue eyed Angel walked out of the kitchen and down the hall, leaving the Nephilim and the hunter to chat in the kitchen.
This drove the flightless Angel to take hold of the doorknob and force his weight upon the wooden plank that blocked the passage from the hallway to room. Dean cried out once again, but this time there was a high pitched ringing accompanying his screams of help. Sam tilted his head to understand who, or what could be making such noise. Soon enough, the tall man covered his ears as the ringing grew unbearable, and shortly after Sam covered his ears Jack and Cas followed. The ringing grew so loud to the point where all three of them collapsed to the bunkers floors, causing them to all cry out in agony from the pain they felt in their skulls. After what felt like an hour, Jack spotted a pink light illuminate along the rim of the doorframe. As the light grew brighter, the ringing decreased.
Dean had felt that his new part was beginning to cramp up, and he didn’t want to have that question in his search history, so he called up Jody and asked to meet up for a personal questioning. To say the least, Jody was a little shocked when Dean... showed her... that he wasn’t lying about having a female body part. She had told him to try and be on birth control, even if he wasn’t gonna be sleeping with men, however, the day he had planned to get said birth control, he got a little sidetracked.
“I Wuv Hugz?”
Sam gave a confused look before he caught what Jack was trying to throw out there.
“It wouldn’t have left heaven alone unless it got Jack, so I made a trade that day. My life for Jack’s.”
“Sam!” Irene and Dean screamed as they took ahold of him.
Jack nodded before a sudden feeling engulfed his entire being. He grabbed ahold of Sam’s sleeve to get his attention. Sam looked at the young Nephilim with confusion but soon with concern.
“What is new with you, De-“
Dean wasn’t certain he wanted to tell them just yet, but the one he was second guessing most at the moment was Jody. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to tell her, he feared that she already had an idea of what was going on with him. He was scared to say the least, on how Sam and most importantly, Cas, would react if they learned that Dean went to Jody about his new body part before either of them. To be fair, he was a little scared when he felt strange pain not a day after his return.
“What?” Castiel asked.
“Dean?”
“Shut up.”
“Is this true, Dean?”
The celestial being finally looked down and felt embarrassed about his nakedness. He grabbed the closest book to him and covered his genitals.
“I’M DREAMING!!”
“Yeah, you’re treating Dean as if he was your drunken lover who can’t control their alcohol intake.” A small smile creeped onto Jack’s face before Castiel answered.
Sam looked up from his tablet to look over at Cas and back to Jack.
“Well... you see...”
“Dean?”
“Why the hell would you do that?!?” Sam screamed.
“I’m fine Sammy. I swear I am.”
“Cas, look out!” Sam shouted as he pushed the Angel out of the reach of the black ooz.
Dean sat on his bed, covering his face out of shock, confusion and a hint of anger. Where this anger came from, Dean was unsure of, but he knew he was angry for some reason. Castiel didn’t know much of what was coming over him, but he found himself walking over to Dean’s side and gave him a side hug. Dean took a moment before he looked over at his Angelic friend and smiled warmly. Like that, he felt his anger nearly disappear when Castiel held him.
Dean was locked in his room again for the fifth time that day. This caused Sam, Jack and Castiel to strike a little meeting to discuss what could be happening to him. Castiel believed that it could be the stress he had after coming back from being taken... again. Jack believed that it was Dean just being himself, trying to get back into his usual routine. Sam had other theories as to why Dean had been avoiding them the time he’s been back, but didn’t believe them to be true.
“So, you’re tell us that before this moment, before all this, you weren’t truly happy? Not at our wedding, not when we found out I was pregnant?”
“Dean, I wanted to ask you something.”
-A few days later-
A short smut chapter.
*smut*
“Yeah,” Cas sighed, “When you were soulless.”
The blue eyed Angel went in to kiss Dean, when the whole room turned dark. Everyone was frightened, even the Angel himself when it seemed the world outside was becoming thunderous. Sam cradled Irene, holding her close as Cas held both Dean and Jack. The whole room shook in a violent manner, causing Irene and Jack to turn their heads toward their protectors. Dean tried to sooth Jack by stroking his hair and whispering calming things to him. Castiel saw that Dean was doing this as to make sure Jack didn’t do any harm.
Cas smiled slightly, and as he pulled out, he went to grab something to clean Dean up with. As he came back with a paper towel to clean Dean’s stomach, he realised that the hunter had fallen asleep. Castiel shook his head as he proceeded to wipe Dean clean, and was prepared to get dressed and watch over the bunker till either Dean woke up, or until Sam and Jack returned from their ‘hunt’, but Cas figured that Dean didn’t want to wake up alone. So, Cas lifted the covers and slid under them, having Dean curl into him.
“What Sam said is true, Dean. You were taken a couple weeks ago, and we’ve been trying to locate you ever since.”
Sam tried to ignore the fact that Dean paused when saying Cas, but he felt relieved that his brother was finally gonna be telling not just him, but the rest of their family what was going on. Sam dialled up Mary as Dean texted Castiel to meet up at the bunker as soon as they possibly could. After getting a reply from Cas, Dean over heard Sam’s conversation with Mary.
Castiel knew he couldn’t sleep, but he felt that it would be easier for him to shut his eyes, making the illusion that he and Dean were sleeping together in the same bed. Before Castiel knew it, he was dreaming. Yeah, it startled him a bit at first, but then he saw it was an alright dream. He let his guard down a little bit, but still trying his best to be on high alert. It’s been years since he had last dreamt of anything. He kind of missed this.
“What’s wrong Castiel?” The Halfbreed asked as the Angel walked into the room.
“Ok, what is with you guys.” Dean said with a hung over voice and a gasp of air.
“Obviously, Cas lost. So I went out to get more beer. That was Cas and my bargain. If I lost, he’d pick a healthy alternative drink for us here, but if I won, I’d get to grab the beer I liked.”
“And where’s my brother?” Sam asked with a knowing smirk.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m fine. Great even.”
“I think he had sex with him.” Jack said in the most monotone way possible.
Before Castiel could finish digging a deeper hole for himself, there was a loud noise that echoed throughout the bunker catching all three off guard. After a few minutes of nothing but silence, Castiel proceeded to defend himself before being interrupted by Dean’s scream echoing throughout the halls. Jack was the first of the three to bolt toward the hunter’s bedroom. After a few moments, the half breed called out to his two other fathers that there was a problem with the door. Petrified, Cas and Sam rushed toward the outside of Dean’s bedroom door. Sam tried the door first, but it didn’t budge.
As Dean and Jack were conversating on where the family would go after he graduated, Cas saw that Sam and Irene were signing to each other about their wedding plans, and perhaps that they might have been expecting. Castiel did a quick scan of Irene and noted that indeed she was pregnant. About three weeks at most. Cas chucked to himself, imagining that one day Dean would end up pregnant with his own child, a daughter maybe, who was gonna be more human than Nephlim.
“Dean, what’s the last thing you remember?” Jack asked as he walked over toward one of his human fathers.
“Jack, I can-“
“Tell me where he is.” Castiel growled as the blade seeped deeper into the creature’s neck.
“Glowing, Dean. Jody and I were wondering why you were giving off this glow.”
“Don’t lie to me Dean. I saw that shock when I first asked you. So tell me the truth. Is there something new with you, physically?”
“Jody...”
Castiel looked up at Dean, who seemed to be glowing brighter than ever. The smile returning, growing ever to bigger.
“RrrraaaaAAHHHHH!!!” Dean cried out from inside his room.
“I made a deal with the Empty in order to get Jack’s soul back. I promised it that when I finally let myself be happy, that it would take me.”
“You told Jack about that, really?”
Dean sat up in bed after an unexpected wake up call from his Angelic friend. As he readjusted his sitting position, his door burst open with Jack and Sam on the other side. The Nephilim smiled and Sammy‘s face was shown of shock and happiness all in one expression. Castiel was the first to embrace Dean with a hug, and not wanting to seem rude, the older Winchester brother hugged him back. After being released from the Angel’s embrace, Sam was next to engulf his older brother’s presence, a little longer than hunter and Angel hugged for. Dean nodded before getting winded from Jack’s hug attack.
“Why the hell does it want him?” Dean growled.
Before, Cas would’ve been completely alright with letting the Vampire live and move on with their life, but that last comment pushed his decision over the edge. The wingless Angel pushed the blade upward with such a force that the fanged being’s entire head had gotten ripped from their neck up. Castiel just stood there as the body of the vamp collapsed to the rusty floor. He then let out a cry so loud and full of rage, that it shattered the glass windows around him. Those that weren’t already broken at least.
Dean laid on the bed as Castiel crawled over and between his legs. Resting his hands under the thick cloth of Dean’s flannel, Cas made small rotation with his thumbs as his lips were held captive by Dean’s. The hunter moaned as he felt the soft movements of the Angel’s fingers slowly lift up his flannel and shirt from his warm soft skin. Parting for a second, Cas kicked off his and Dean’s shoes as Dean began to unbutton the Angel’s over shirt.
Cas turned Dean around and gave him the biggest kiss he’d ever given anyone before.
“No, Cas. He’s right. I mean, no offence Castiel, but I’m a more experienced hunter than you are. Be-besides, we need someone here to watch Dean.” Sam smiled.
“Why are Cas’ clothes in the wash then? And why was he so hectic when Jack and I walked in?”
“You know...” Jack started before looking from Sam to Castiel, “Maybe he just needs a break. In fact... Sam and I haven’t had a hunt together in... Since Micheal kidnapped me. But I believe he has some hunter stuff he could teach me.”
This had confirmed what worried the three men. Dean didn’t remember that he was kidnapped or who had even taken him. Sam sat next to his older brother and tried his best to explain what happened the past couple of weeks. Dean’s tired expression shifted into many different emotions. At first, he wanted to laugh at how crazy the story that his younger brother told him was, but then his face filled with concern and fear. After Sam finished his segment, Dean stood from the table and headed toward his room. Castiel was the only one to follow him, hoping he could help this hunter he had feelings for.
The two stood there for about three minutes before Dean cleared his throat and let out a nervous laugh.
“Wait, so you’re telling me that you and Castiel played strip poker, over the choice between beer or a healthier beverage?”
Everyone looked at Dean in surprise and shock, including Castiel. How was it even physically possible for Dean, who was in fact a human male, to end up becoming pregnant. Then Cas remembered that Dean did go missing before they slept together. Something was different with Dean physically.
Before the Angel could call out to Sam and Jack, the bunker door slammed shut. Castiel gave a sigh before he made his way toward Dean’s room to tell him that Sam and Jack went out on a hunt. When the blue eyed Angel got to the hunter’s room however, he found that it was empty. This worried Castiel and he quickly ran down the halls to find where Dean had went, or if he was even in the bunker at all. As Castiel ran past the bathroom door, the old wood swung open and Cas nearly body slammed  into Dean.
“I’m dreaming.” Castiel whispered before he looked at the Empty.
Sam and Jack go out on a ‘hunt’ leaving Dean and Cas alone in the bunker. What could go wrong?
After a good three minutes, Dean realised what he did and pulled away quickly. The brunette hunter stared in shock and worry at the man he had just made out with. Dean felt embarrassed and that he had ruined it or something and he turned to run out the bunker, but again, Castiel gripped him from behind and held him in place.
“Dean?”
Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand and lead him down the hall, and Cas had a very mixed facial expression. He knew what was going to happen the moment they entered Deans bedroom, but he had to remember that if he was too happy in this moment, Dean would fall apart.
“Yeah.” Sam sighed as he looked back at his tablet, “If we can’t find Dean soon, we might end up assuming the worst. And I’m not sure Cas is ready to say goodbye to Dean.”
“It’s not true, right?” Dean asked with a broken voice. “It can’t be, right, Cas? Cas, tell me that what Sammy told me was a prank you, Jack and him came up with to get back at me for all my crazy pranks. TELL ME-“
The Angel was cut off with Dean pressing himself against the wall me gripping him tight. Sure, Cas has kissed guys in the past, but he was in a female vessel and that was ages ago. Somehow, here and now, kissing Dean was a whole new feeling. Like this was right, that this was meant to be. Castiel closed his eyes, forgetting his question all together and pulled Dean in for a deeper kiss.
Castiel gave Dean a tilted stare before going forth with his question. “Dean, is there something new with you, physically?”
“That’s a little excessive to say, wouldn’t you say? Not that we did have sex, or that I’d want to have sex-“
“I’m so sorry Cas. I... I don’t-dont know what came over me. It’s just....”
Cas turned Dean to face him and he ran his finger over the stubble and held firmly on the Winchester’s chin. Dean’s face was a deep crimson as a smile crept onto his face before he leaned in for another deep kiss.
“Do you enjoy the work?” Castiel said, pulling two beers out of the fridge, handing one to Dean.
The two of them worked quietly next to each other. Dean enjoyed the easy companionship the two of them shared. He said, "You'll make a lot better roommate than Sam. You are calming."
Castiel smiled at him sadly, "I've taken care of her since she was four months old. She's Jimmy's daughter. He and his wife, Amelia, were killed in an auto accident. A drunk driver smashed into them on their first date night after Claire's birth. Worst day of my life when Jody called to tell me about Jimmy. I got on the next plane down and never left. It takes a village to raise a child, and this village helped me find my way. I adopted Claire legally. She knows Jimmy's her biological father, but I'm all she knows. Mom had planned to move to Florida before Jimmy died. He had taken over the farm, and she was ready for new adventures. After I found my footing, I encouraged her to go."
The dog yawned widely and licked his hand. The view from Castiel's porch was amazing. Dean could see down to the lake. The tops of some of the houses had smoke coming from the chimneys. The rising sun shimmered across the water. Dean froze. It looked like something from a painting.
"Marigolds? He likes orange."
He shrugged. He might as well do the lawn first. He walked over to a dilapidated shed and tugged open the door. Years ago, Henry had kept his lawnmower in this shed. The door almost fell off in Dean's hand. When he went to get the paint, he'd also need to pick up hinges. The lawnmower inside was covered in a layer of dust and grime.
Dean sighed sadly as he returned to the car and retrieved a duffle bag of clothes from the back seat. As he walked up the stairs to the front porch of the house, he noted the steps that creaked and added them to the mental list of things he would need to repair. He retrieved a crumpled envelope out of his pocket and opened it gently. He pulled out an old key on a John Deere keyring. He smiled slightly as he looked at it. This had been Dean's copy of the key whenever he visited. Henry had shown him a drawer full of keyrings, and Dean picked that one because it had a deer on it. He took a deep breath, unlocked the door, and stepped gingerly inside.
Castiel pressed his forehead against Dean and growled in a low voice, "Only sometimes are you loveable. Other times you are annoying, and I want to throttle you. But I do love you. You're my family."
O.o.O.o.O.o.O.o.O.o.O
Dean closed his eyes. "We are so fucking stupid."
"Hey, Cas. I have to head back to school."
The smell of the burger made Dean's stomach growl. "Thanks, Cas. You're the best."
He felt a tinge of jealousy. He scoffed at himself because he barely knew the man. They were playmates as kids and he was smoking hot, but he was also straight with two kids to show for it. Roberta started whining, looking in Castiel's direction. Dean let her lead him back slowly.
"I needed it. I also needed the lesson that there were consequences to free will." Castiel sighed. "It would have been nice to do that without releasing the Leviathan."
Castiel whispered under his breath, "Oh, shit."
"Does Cas flirt back?" He tried to remember the interactions between Castiel and Sam. He hadn't seen them flirt, but he hadn't spent as much time with Sam and Castiel together as Charlie had.
Dean replied, "Sam found that years ago on a case. I didn't even know we had it still. Let me see it."
Dean looked at him seriously, "I could have listened to you more. I kept putting our problems ahead of yours. I regret a lot of things about that time. Hell, I have so  many regrets when it comes to you."
"We… We are responsible for him. He's our kid. We'll figure it out. We always do."
"No, dumb ass. I have felt that way for years, but I didn't think you would. Why did… How did we not remember this? I thought the first time I met you was in the barn."
Dean questioned, "Dance?"
"It was great seeing them. You need any help?"
Dean knew he had been outflanked again. He took another happy bite of his burger. One thing about being with Cas, it'd never be boring.
"We're getting positively sappy, Cas."
Dean stopped and indicated an old tree with branches that ran parallel to the ground. They sat on the branch. “I care about you, Cas. A lot.”
Castiel shrugged, "It's been a long time, Dean. Taking care of Claire is a blessing. My life is so much fuller because I have her, and later Jack, to show me what matters most." He tilted his head and said quietly, "People and family, that's what's real. Everything else is just trappings." He stared at Dean intently. Dean's eyes met his and he lost sense of time until a woman arrived at the booth to sample cheese.
"I'm sorry."
Sam did a double-take. "Say what?"
Claire said, "Jack, when you're done helping Dean, go straight home. I'm going to ride Penny. And don't bother Dean too much if he gets busy." She added shyly, "If that's ok with you, Dean?" After Dean nodded, Claire took off back to their house in a trot.
Dean huffed under his breath, “He only mostly likes what he sees. Maybe I should put the shirt back on.”
"Oh."
Dean kissed Castiel again before saying, "Tough. It's our house. Our rules. What do you want?"
Dean shrugged, “I think you are pretty unforgettable, Cas.”
"Not telling me that you have the most awesome roommate ever. Cas is amazing. He laughs at all my jokes. He brings me Snickers ice cream when he comes to visit, and he gave me a Princess Leia t-shirt for my birthday. Unlike you, who totally forgot my birthday. Cas is about to replace you as my best friend because he offered to be my handmaiden at the next LARP event if you are unable to fulfill your handmaidenly duty."
Dean's breath hitched. Gone was the little boy that he'd played ball and caught frogs with. Instead, he was facing six feet of solidly built, and extremely attractive, man. Dean stammered, "Wow. You grew up, Cas."
"Sam can be Chewbacca."
When he broke from the trees, he saw the farmhouse for the first time in almost twenty-five years. He parked the Impala in front of the house and got out slowly, surveying the farm around him.
Dean rolled off of Castiel, while Castiel swiveled to sit up. Dean said, "It just doesn't seem right that a former angel of the lord is going to need a hip replacement soon."
Castiel said, "Please."
"A long vacation. You, me, and Sam on a beach with toes in the sand. We'll wear matching Hawaiian shirts and drink those little fruity drinks with umbrellas in them."
Lightning struck near the Impala again. Dean swerved and the Impala careened into the ditch. Castiel pitched forward through windshield, while Dean's chest was bruised upon the steering wheel. Dean opened the door and staggered into the rain until he saw Castiel laying in the ditch, partially submerged in the water. Blood dripped from Castiel's forehead where the glass from the windshield had sliced him. Dean tried to pick Castiel up but slid into the mud and fell. When he couldn't find his footing to stand, he crouched in the water holding Castiel's head above the current. Dean shouted fruitlessly at the sky, "Chuck, you son of a bitch, what the hell are you doing?"
"I won't leave you."
Charlie sighed, "Do you know anything about floriography? Plant symbolism?"
Castiel shrugged, "He was my neighbor. Neighbors around here look out for each other. Henry took me under his wing after my dad died in a tractor accident. Jimmy had football, and I was a bit lost. So, Henry taught me woodworking and knitting. After he passed, Mom and I kept an eye on the property. Henry wanted you to have it."
A big, burly man was pouring beer as they approached. In a thick Cajun accent, the man said, "Hi, Cas. What's up? And who's the friend?"
Dean hugged him back tightly and sighed in relief. He had hoped so much that Castiel would like the gift. This was the first time he had gotten Castiel a present, he wanted it to be the first of many firsts with him.
"Aquarius. I mean I'm a Leo, but I like people who are Aquarius. Something to waxing and waning that I don't really pay attention to, but my college roommate Meg said I should find an Aquarius."
Dean asked, "Doesn't your dad need help?"
"There is no way I'm going to subject Jess to your less than stellar eating habits and monster-eating-people movies you watch on tv."
Castiel added, "I promise I am housebroken. All you have to do is feed me an occasional Scooby Snack and take me for short walks. You don't even have to scratch me behind the ears. I won't chew your slippers."
"I just don't want to mess this one up, Charlie. He's different. And he's been burned in the past. I want to take it slow."
Dean took a bite of his burger and moaned loudly. Castiel had gotten his favorite hamburger from his favorite place. He really didn't deserve Castiel. "You're the best, Cas." Then his eyes landed on the peanut butter. "Wait, you didn't eat peanut butter this morning? So why was the lid off?"
Dean smiled sadly, “At least I’ll be living. I wish you luck in everything that you do, and I hope it brings you happiness. I’m going to walk a different path. The Winchester name means something here too. There, maybe it’s on the top of some fancy building in LA. Here, it’s in the hearts and souls of the people of the town. You’re welcome to visit whenever you’d like. I hope you do. It’s never too late.”
Castiel's eyes twinkled as he said, "Charlie and Sam have shared quite a few stories about you. I halfway feel like I already know you."
Dean raised an eyebrow, “It seems like a job to me. You grow things and get paid for it.”
"Because Henry wanted to leave. He had had enough."
Dean felt personally affronted. What did Castiel think he was? A puppy to be found on Craig's List.
Castiel walked around to Dean. He offered one of the earbuds. "Listen with me."
"What I meant was your hair is like what you would have if someone had just run their fingers through it." Dean shook his head and chastised himself for making it worse.
"I positioned you to kill Jack. It would have been epic. I originally set it up with John having to kill Sam, but he went and sacrificed himself to save you. But he told you to kill Sam. But could you? No. This time I thought I had the whole kill the son thing nailed. It was Abraham and Isaac all over again. But you wouldn't shoot him, and then Cas here, he messed with time to stop my whole scene from happening. That is annoying, Cas."
Castiel smiled lazily at Dean, "How about a wager? If I fail, I'll do the dishes and grocery shopping for a week. If I succeed, I get to take you shopping for a shirt other than flannel to wear to work."
"No. And this time, not having your grace won't kill you. I'll get rid of that design flaw."
“Dating? Hanging out? Fishing? What do you want?”
Castiel looked up and smiled at him tremulously, “My friend.”
Dean pushed away from the papers he was grading and stood up. "What's up, Cas? The last time you looked this happy was when Charlie brought you snickerdoodles."
Castiel looked at Dean shyly, "I think I know why the girls picked that venue." He shifted nervously.
"The Man Who Would Be King by Clarence Nova. It's fascinating. Have you read it?"
Dean asked, “Did Henry fit in here?”
"Mom?" Dean asked.
Dean asked in surprise, “What?”
Dean whispered to the walls, "I'm sorry, Henry, that I didn't come back earlier. I'm here now though."
Dean smiled, "Maybe, it's acquired taste. You've only been human for… what… a week now?"
Dean stammered, "There's two of you?"
“And Cas?”
"Fixing cars works for me. I could use a damn apprentice if you don't mind getting your hands dirty," Bobby said dryly.
"Well, do you know who might have been the saint who put food in my fridge and provided clean linens?"
"Aren't they people in LA too?" Castiel squinted and tilted his head.
"And I'll do my absolute best not to leave you, Dean. But if I do, let me go. I'm fighting for the world, and I'm fighting for us too. But, most of all, I’m fighting for you. Metatron was right. It was really all about one human."
Castiel paused, “But do you want to?”
Dean answered, "He's doing well at Stanford still. He's acing his civil engineering classes. He can't wait to build renewable power something or other. I don't understand half of what he says. But he's good."
"The customers know the price. Just ask them. I swear ten minutes max. And no stress if you get a price wrong. It will all work out. I can catch them next time."
“So, you are what? Thirty-five now? So, let’s say at age twenty, you didn’t think to call up and say, ‘Where’s my grandpa buried?’”
"I’m an Aquarius."
Castiel arched his eyebrow, "Yes?"
"Roberta?"
When they were done eating, Castiel walked Dean out to the porch. Dean caught him by the elbow when they were out of hearing range of the kids, "I can skip tonight, Cas. Claire put us on the spot there. I don't want to intrude on your family."
"Water under the bridge, man. You saved us from Raphael jump-starting the apocalypse again. It's all good."
"Maybe…" Castiel trailed off with a smug look.
"The books are so good."
"Not at all, Cas. Sometimes it helps to talk about students."
Dean furrowed his brow, "Is that a problem?"
Claire sat up, "Dad will know he's missing then. Plus, dogs or an owl might get him. Sparky is one of Dad's favorites."
Castiel snorted, "Did you ever try to stop your dad when he wanted to do something?"
Castiel looked into his eyes intently. They stared at each other for a long minute before Castiel said, "And I’m very happy."
For a short time, he thought he’d found it with Gordon. Gordon understood the long hours that he put into his job. They were both independent. They both had trying careers. In hindsight, he realized he and Gordon worked together because they didn’t put many demands on each other. It wasn’t because he loved Gordon but that it was easy to be together because they didn’t have to really ‘be together’.
Dean stared at him and gulped at the sight of his bare chest and arms. The man was built like Adonis. It must be all the farm work. He stammered, "Umm, no problem, Cas. Really. Not a problem. I'll just be going now."
"Firefly. Only 13 episodes, but they were memorable."
Castiel huffed a small laugh, "I was a total dick. You weren't wrong. I just can't understand how I could be duped by the archangels. God didn't want you to do jack. The archangels just wanted to jump-start the apocalypse to get our Father's attention. I had doubts then. I should have listened to them."
