A single tear made its way down Dean’s face, till others followed the first one, till he couldn’t stop.
Sam, still clueless, reacts to the mention of his brother. He doesn’t see anything through the rift. He tries to speak but gets interrupted.
“We’ll make sure he stays asleep till it’s time for him to be free, you do that, and you will never have to worry about him anymore, deal?”
The place seems oddly different into Sam’s eyes. The room is pretty much the same, the light hasn’t change and every book is in its place, but something’s off, something doesn’t feel right.
“First, that’s for not locking the door last night.” Sam stares at the food in the kitchen and continue. “Second, what’s with all this food?”.
“Cas?” he realizes “Cas!” Dean runs fast his way to where they stand, trying desperately to reach him.
“That’s how Jack was able to awake Castiel the first time. But that bound hasn’t ever been strong enough to also make a trip back home. A
“Although I can’t take all the credit” She points out to the every corner of the room, making visible the warding. “You might want to lose a few...you’re making a lady feel unwelcome”
“He came right after Chuck’s tantrum with a special delivery. Apparently, the new dashing God, caught the old one trying to gain some mojo”
Dean walks away and holds Cas hand, just for a second but that touch made him feel like he could do it, that he could do what he never thought he would,
Next to Dean, Cas is fighting Miracle as usual for the spot next to him. In the back seat, Sam, Eileen and Jack hold the excitement for the adventure.
Sam sees her. The mixed feeling between panic and joy spread over him. He rushed his way to catch her between his arms. Desperate.
Talking about how he feels, how he’s being feeling, was still an unstable field for him to walk over, or at least he thinks it is.
At the background, lyrics starts: “you know you shook me-- you shook me all night long” Dean’s lip syncing the song, moving around, feeling every stretch of the song.
“I just got a call from a hunter” he took an exhausted breath and continued. “A nest of vampires slaughtered a family in Canton.”
The pain he has been feeling since he was taken is gone. He slowly flickers confused. He feels it, someone’s calling him. Castiel tries to stand but fails. He heard the voice again, as he finds the strength to stand.
“Well, if it doesn’t work you can always go full douchebag with the TED talk wannabe, kale lover. What was it? -God bless kale?-”
Dean gulped audibly and nodded looking lustfully at Cas blue eyes. They rushed into each other’s arms, as they fell into the bed, strong noises of things falling along their movements on the small bed came in.
“No” Sam said. “just a part of it, I actually...” Sam looks nervous. “...I applied for the next semester of law school.”
“Look, I’m happy, I’m genially am, hell I didn’t even knew what that was until these last days” The struggle is written on every expression in Dean’s face “but being in here, it’s just a reminder of what it was,
Dean sees him, standing, Castiel is there, a few steps apart. He tries to stand near the portal, fighting back the impulse of energy coming from it. A few steps at a time till he reach it.
“In order to do so, it’s needed a bond between the angel or demon in the empty and someone on the other side, praying its name.”
As he gets to Sam, a bittersweet look from each-other takes place. They stare for a few seconds, unsure on what to say.
And so, they hit the road. This insane road that made them feel all kinds of experiences and memories of that came to scene.
She walks onto his side, smiling at him like old friends. Eyes glowing orange and the same light as before covers her till they see Jack is now in control.
The place underneath started bobbling in some kind of dark mass till a figure appeared. It’s Castiel, unconscious.
As the figure kept squeezing his hand harder and harder, it changed its form, first Dean, then Jack, Sam to Dean again.
“I’ve been screaming my guts out for hours” He’s now screaming and he’s sorry because Sam doesn’t deserve it but Dean can’t help it”I’ve been preying to Jack, I’ve even went to death library, looking for something, for
He takes the box. Cas smiles and thanks with a quick cheek kiss to Dean. Now, hand empty goes to Eileen and Sam and hugs them both, full happy and shortly after Sam asked
Jack’s eyes glowed and turned dark for a second and a light covered him. After vanished, they see Amara now in his place.
Eileen sets closer to Sam, she comforts him by hugging and taking him by the waist in an intimate embrace.
"Dean." Cas turned towards him and leveled him with a look that made Dean's insides squirm. "Please don't feel obligated to stay. I just want to make sure you're ok "
Once inside he let out a breath he hadn't realized he had been holding onto. He watched as his air came out in a warm puff around him once inside the cold.
Castiel traced his fingers along the words and imagined Jimmy sitting in his room telling him everything he'd written outloud.
"No, Claire, I'm sorry. You'll have to live with me. My job is here in the city and I can't move." He stated clearly. He couldn't imagine the stress of having to move into a strange new city, but he knew that they both would adjust accordingly.
"Mmmf...hold on…. 'm comin'." Dean said groggily and pushed himself up into a sitting position. Miracle answered by running up and jumping onto Dean's lap to slobber over his face. "Hey, stop, stop I heard you. I'm up." He smiled and scratched the top of his head. Miracle jumped off and ran to the door whining once more.
"No nothing like that, I was thinking we could get you set up in the office and you can maybe get some homework done?" Castiel explained.
Dean once again blushed. "I guess." He rolled his shoulders and grimaced again. "Though sometimes I feel life would be much easier without him."
The trip from his apartment to the restaurant wasn't far. Most days he enjoyed his walks to and from work. Just like the previous night, though, his feet found him suddenly in front of said restaurant and he had no memory of walking there.
Castiel was the first to make eye contact with him when he turned around and he mouthed a silent "thank you" to Dean as he did so.
It seemed that having Claire around not only was good for the morale of the kitchen, but she also helped bring Castiel out of his shell more.
"Yes, and the staff could use a bit of the personality all things considered." Balthazar flicked an unimpressed gaze towards Castiel.
Castiel nodded and then followed Balthazar out into the dining room. The dimly lit room added to the ambiance of the place, though Castiel could do without being in the same room with as many people. It was a small restaurant that utilized every nook and cranny for space. Tables were shoved up next to each other, yet Balthazar had an eye for design making it all flow seamlessly together. Though it was a tight squeeze to get to some of the tables, it didn’t retract from the experience at all. In fact a lot of patrons had said it was from seeing the table next to them order their food that they got the idea to order the same dish. If anything Balthazar had done an exceptional job at tricking his patrons into buying more wine and more food and they were none the wiser.
Everyone seemed to feel the shift in energies. Food was being sent out late, and on more than one occasion did Castiel have to remind the staff to put the garnishes on.
He knew that his track record with the sous chef wasn't that great. In fact he was surprised Dean had stuck it out for as long he had. Castiel knew he could come off as a dick even when he was being sincere. So he could only imagine what Dean thought of him for the months of torment Castiel had put him through at the restaurant.
“Comme il faut. As it should be. 140 degrees in the oven, 80 degrees water temperature, for 25 minutes. Not too long, not too short, with just enough touch of pink...
Cas smiled and joined him on the couch. It made Dean very aware of the fact it was such a small couch, though he wasn't complaining.
"Yes you did and you did an exceptional job. I don't think Dean could have done it without your expertise." Castiel said.
“No.” Castiel was quick to respond and then sighed because he knew he was being an ass. “But I guess I can anyway.”
He was happy for Anna, though a bit of anxiety simmered at the thought of having to deal with Dean on his own.
Dean laughed at that and called out, "hey leave some for me will you?" Obviously joking since he had no intention of going back over and taking the food from the kid.
"What do you mean?" Castiel asked and watched the other man go into the kitchen and open the fridge. He picked out one of the containers he'd brought with earlier that day and grabbed some spoons from Castiel's utensil drawer. Castiel was secretly pleased he knew where they were already. Granted that would be the case had anyone spent all day cooking in a kitchen. It's just something one would naturally pick up on as they worked, however the fact it was Castiel's kitchen and his own utensil drawer was another matter entirely. He felt oddly warm in that knowledge.
"Thanks for hosting Cas, next time we'll have to do it at mine." He winked and then got up from his spot on the floor and began gathering up his supplies to take home. Cas remained on the floor and watched as Dean moved around his apartment gracefully before finally waving goodbye and closing the front door behind him.
Candles had been lit and were lining the room along the floor and even up some of the shelves. The fireplace made the room glow in a bright orange and yellow that made the whole atmosphere sparkle. Even the stuffed animals added to the ambiance and made Castiel feel as though he actually were on a jungle safari. One that his niece and coworker (friend?) Had put together just for him to enjoy with them.
Cas smirked. "I'm usually told I'm the opposite, but thank you." He stood and took their empty beer bottles to the kitchen to dispose of them.
Castiel found himself staring into the depths of those green eyes the entire time he spoke. He vaguely registered the words themselves, yet found himself speaking in return somehow.
He started reading the first short story while listening to the conversations on and off from the kitchen down the hall.
Yet somehow the cards he'd been dealt landed him a job in the city and dreams of a simple life in a farmhouse on hold.
Claire nodded and then looked away. Castiel figured that was signal enough for him to leave so he started closing the door behind him.
"From what I can tell you just have bumps and bruises that will hurt more as the days go on. Nothing major to be worried about." The look Cas gave him as he spoke could make his knees weak had he not already felt weak from the fall itself. The two stood staring at each other for what felt like centuries.
Castiel walked up to her and held out the landline to her. "This button here will call the restaurant if you need anything, and this one will call my cellphone. I won't be long."
And so when Dean suddenly started to lean forward, Cas found himself doing the same as well. Dean lifted an eyebrow and kept leaning closer, his arm sneaking onto the couch to reach behind Cas.
As he got closer he realized with a pang in his chest that the album was open to pictures of Claire as a baby and a whole bunch of her and Jimmy from over the years.
Castiel was quick to see that the plate was missing its garnish and tutted as Meg went to leave. “Forgetting something, Masters?”
They played charades, Claire used an arm to mimic the trunk of an elephant and even made loud trumpeting noises by pressing her lips together and blowing. On Dean's turn he showed his skills at making shadow animals and made birds, moose, bunnies, and dogs. He blushed sheepishly when Castiel looked at him amazed.
Dean had one twin bed shoved off to the side in his own apartment and suddenly the idea of bed observations with a hot doctor sounded a lot better than returning home.
Castiel felt the wind being knocked out of him. He wanted to scream and cry, but years of compartmentalizing had him nodding and swallowing down his cries.
Castiel had half a mind to stop at home and pick up some food to bring in to Claire before going back in to visit her and talk about steps moving forward.
Cas got up off his knees and held out a hand for Dean, "Can you stand? I want to check your back if that's alright with you."
Cas looked over to where his glass of wine was and reached out to grab it. He also took another sip of his own drink and continued listening as Dean spoke. He found he rather enjoyed listening to him. He chalked it up to the wine and the over abundance of activities from the day.
“It’s sometimes called the lovebird’s dish.” Castiel said as he stood next to the giant window overlooking the city. “You can stuff them, broil them, poach them. It’s perfect for any romantic dinner.” He continued as he watched people on the street below. It was an overcast and gloomy day and many people were walking against the wind, tucking their jackets in as they went along their day. “The trick is to not overcook them.” He finished and then turned around. He let his eyes sweep over the office he was in and noted the odd paper weight in the shape of a small cauldron. He found it rather odd but didn’t say anything.
"Not yet!" She yelled at him and pulled his door shut, just narrowly missing his nose as she shut it in his face.
"Oh yeah I'll be feeling that in the morning." He grumbled and shot an accusatory look down to his dog. Miracle wagged his tail like nothing had happened.
Dean chuckled upon seeing and reached out to help correct her hands. "I couldnt do half the ones I can do now when I was your age too. Here put your hands like this," he helped her position her thumbs together, "now spread your fingers out and hold your thumbs together." He leaned back and when they all looked up Claire's shadow was of a bird with its wings spread.
That helped break him out of the spell he'd suddenly come under and he finally smiled. "Claire this is more than ok. This is the best thing I could have walked out to. Thank you." He reached up and hesitated before patting Dean's hand. "Both of you."
Anna did an exceptional job at jumping in where he was lacking. "Come on guys, we've got all these orders but I'm not seeing any plates. Let's move!" She called from her station.
Balthazar came striding in at that point beaming at Castiel. “Aww, Cassie! So glad to see that lovely demeanor of yours.”
Castiel put his coat on, made sure he had his cell, and then left to go to the restaurant. Making sure to lock up behind himself as he left.
As the first plate was getting finished the kitchen phone started to ring. Castiel was in no way prepared to answer it with anything less than pissed off, so he waved to the staff nearby to answer it.
"Not me, but my brother Sammy did when he was trying to impress some girl in college. Kid is a disaster on stilts."
Then with a flutter of eyelashes, a soft brushing of fabric, and calloused fingertips grazing the nape of his neck, the cloth was secured in place.
"I don't normally talk about it much but I lost my mom when I was a kid. That shit sucks. Don't tell Cas I said shit. Or for that time too."
He was dressed in a simple jeans and t-shirt combo along with a leather jacket that he shrugged off and hung on the back of one of the kitchen chairs. Maybe it was because he wasn't used to seeing him without his novelty chef pants that had him appreciating how he looked. That was probably it.
Unfortunately for Dean, Miracle still had a bladder that worked on its own schedule. Which meant more often than not he was up at odd hours of the night taking him outside in his apartment's enclosed patio area to go potty. This night was one such night where he'd been woken up by Miracles insistent whining at the door and pawing at his leash.
Claire's eyes were huge upon seeing the fish head. The glassy eyes staring right at her. She gulped and looked up to her Uncle who was happily taking a bite of his own food.
"Yes, actually." His neighbour said flatly. He released Dean's hand to grab his keys. "I'd be doing a disservice by just letting you go back without making sure you're ok."
"I think I did. It must be the wine and the apple pie." He said and scooped himself another large mouthful of the sinfully sweet dessert.
"Sometimes we have to give up our comfort for those we love." Cas said and looked at Dean again with another one of those profound looks Dean was starting to associate with him.
His eyes only strayed when Dean leaned in close enough and then swallowed thickly, causing Castiel's eyes to narrow in on the movement.
His eyesight took a second to adjust and when he finally recognized the wild jungle of blankets, animals, and the fireplace going, Castiel finally recognized his living room as being transformed into a little indoor oasis of sorts. His heart felt full for the first time in a long time as he took in the amount of work that went into everything.
The sooner he got to the hospital, the sooner he could see how bad it was and hope that Jimmy and Claire would still be able to enjoy their stay with him. Though something in his gut told him that things weren’t about to go the way he hoped.
Castiel was reminded that he was in need of finding a replacement for Anna soon. Each day her stomach seemed to grow and grow and he was worried she would burst right in the middle of a dinner rush one of those nights.
As he walked down the hall to his room to effectively get out of the way, he heard a clatter of pans as Claire tried to take them out of the bags that Dean had brought in. Castiel wasn't quite sure if he trusted that, but figured he would just get a scolding if he stayed around to find out.
"I know, I know, but I was gathering all of the secret supplies. Trust me, it'll be worth it." Dean said as he entered, already anticipating an earful from Claire. He flashed his usual bright smile, and took everything into the kitchen area after kicking off his boots.
“I don’t recall if we ever came to an official agreement.” Castiel answered from where he stood. His back was turned away from her and he was already counting down the minutes before he could leave.
Cas quirked an eyebrow and said, "I'm just taking this off to get a better look at your arms if that's ok?"
As soon as they got back to the building he realized the stairs would be another challenge with a sleeping kid, but he felt bad for keeping her awake so long. So he carefully took each step up to his apartment carrying her as gently as he could, making extra care to be silent in front of Mitch's apartment.
That seemed to appease Claire and she appeared happier. "Can I save my wish?" She asked. Something in her tone gave Castiel a feeling he may regret this agreement but he chose to ignore that feeling.
He strode in front of Castiel and made his way back to the front of the restaurant with Castiel right on his tail.
. He's quite fond of the work you do, so don't blow it. We can't afford not to have another chef here once Anna is gone on maternity leave." Balthazar poked him in the chest, "So behave."
Dean sucked in a breath of air when fingers ran over a particularly tender spot on the back of his head. "Maybe so but still hurts like a bitch."
"No man it's cool. I just need to get Miracle on a better schedule for bathroom breaks that don't end with me getting up in the middle of the night and falling down the stairs."
“I thought we agreed you would stop bringing food to these sessions.” His therapist said from where she was seated at her desk. She was a petite woman with bright red hair and an even brighter personality. All of which was exactly how she presented herself with her smokey eyed makeup looks that complimented the colours of her many high end dresses tailored to fit her precisely.
"Please, Cassie, there's no need for explicatives. You already know his name, Dean Winchester." Balthazar rolled his eyes and then motioned for Castiel to move as he found the particular bottle he had been looking for, then they exited the wine cellar.
“Hello, is this Castiel Novak?” He heard from the other end of the line. It was a voice he didn’t recognize.
The hinges squeaked as the door opened and he was led inside the studio apartment. Dean glanced around and noted the placement of furniture. They had a similar style layout except his own apartment was more cluttered with random junk than the clean pristine looking furniture in the one he'd agreed to go into.
Castiel glared and just pointed to the pan behind Dean. The blonde stood to attention and glanced down. He jumped into action and grabbed the pan and started hastily moving it around to put out the fire. Dean looked back over his shoulder and then gave a sheepish lopsided grin and shrugged.
He vaguely remembered having the thought of wishing not to run into his neighbour on his way up the flight of stairs leading to his apartment.
Movement to their right had them all looking over to see Claire was trying her best to sneak up onto an empty work table in the back out of the way. Technically speaking she was still within the parameters of where she could go based off of what Castiel said.
"Ha, ah that. Well. It's a complicated story." Dean shrugged and leaned into the couch more. He grabbed his glass of wine left out from earlier and took a sip. "Growing up I always took care of my brother Sammy, was always doing the cooking you know. So when he was like 16 he says he wants to go to Stanford for law school 'cause he's like super smart and had his whole life planned out since he was like 7, I'm pretty sure."
So maybe it wasn’t just his therapist that he allowed nicknames for, though in Meg’s case it was more of resignation when it came to attempting to get her to stop. He held out the garnish for her and waited until she spun around enough for him to place them on top of the steaks.
The doctor nodded and offered to get a thermal and pillow for Castiel, but he declined and thanked them for their time.
He was secretly sad that Anna was going to be leaving. She could take his mood swings and was able to be a good mediator between him and the other line cooks when he was too particularly grumpy. She also was good at calling him out and keeping him grounded.
Castiel began picking up the plates and other food items from the living room to take back into the kitchen. As he made his way into the kitchenette he glanced down the hall and felt his heart swell up at the sight of Dean carrying Claire. She was so small in his arms and he handled her with so much care and attention it was almost too much for him to handle.
"So uh, I don't want to keep you up any later than you have to be. I know you said you have the next few days off, but still."
As though reading his inner dialogue, Dean glanced back over his shoulder and smirked. "Oh this night isn't over yet sunshine."
"Means he's too tall for his own good. Alright let's get the toppings on these bad boys, what do you say."
Cas walked back in wearing sweat pants and a t-shirt that clung to him in all the right ways. Dean's mouth went dry.
At one point Castiel looked over to see Claire yawning as she tucked Miracle close to her chest. Something tugged in him at the sight. He knew he had to wrap things up and get her home to sleep before school.
Worry surged through him and he tried the door to his room. He struggled to get it open and then noticed once he was able to shove it open enough that Claire had barricaded the door with one of the dining room chairs.
"I want three words from each of you to describe this wine when I get back." He said and quickly followed after Castiel into the kitchen.
in his hands, turning it over and admiring the artwork. He was never one for sci-fi like his brother was, but he appreciated his attempts at getting him to read anything other than a recipe book. He opened the cover and found an inscription from Jimmy scrawled inside.
"Sorry." Cas gave a lopsided grin. "I've also been told that is something I need to "work on" as well." He said with the use of actual finger quotation marks and all.
Castiel tilted his head at the nickname but didn't comment on it. "When it comes to kitchens, yes Dean, size does matter."
Dean nodded, shifted his weight onto his right foot, and then grimaced as pain shot up his leg. "Yeah can feel that in my leg and ass too."
Castiel nodded and watched as she left. He sat and finished his own meal before picking hers up and placing it in a tupperware container for later. Occasionally he glanced down the hall towards her room where sounds of boxes opening.
"Hey there! I'm Dean Winchester. And let me say, the world would be such a sad and poor place to live if it weren't graced by your saffron sauce." The chef, Dean, said and even had the gall to add a wink as he spoke.
“Jo, I’m telling you this guy won’t give up. It’s fucking disgusting, he’s a pig. Why does he keep coming back?”
"You can swear in front of me, you know." Claire teased Dean for each time he would catch himself before swearing.
The two men argued as Castiel made arrangements to have the fish sent over. He was so absorbed with his catch, pun intended, that he paid no mind to the squabbling pair of fishermen as he bid them farewell.
"I know! I'll be right back!" She exclaimed and then bolted out of the room and down the hall to her own room.
“It’s fine.” Castiel said once again, more stern this time. He held out a hand to stop anyone from removing the dish from the table.
Castiel found himself studying more of the room than the woman sometimes. Maybe it was because everytime he looked at her he got so uncomfortable and felt as though she could see past his bullshit and that she wasn't afraid to call him out on it. So instead, he would go to the giant bay windows overlooking the city, or look at the rest of the room decor as he paced the room. It was like an eye spy book came to life, he was always finding something new amongst it all.
"He's dead isn't he? Because of the accident?" Claire managed as her tears finally fell down her cheeks. She closed her eyes as silent sobs wracked her body and she listened to her Uncle's voice when he finally did speak up.
Castiel woke up in Claire’s hospital room the next morning. The sunlight streaming in is what initially woke him, but the worried look on Claire’s face is what really got his adrenaline going. She started asking about her dad the moment their eyes met.
“Good as it may be, sweetie pie, I’m still curious to know why you think your manager wants you in therapy?” Rowena was one of the few, if not the only person, who could get away with pet names such as ‘sweetie pie’ in Castiel’s book. Perhaps it was because he thought that good behaviour would get him out of his sessions. So a little leeway on the matter was allowed.
In the 5 years since starting the restaurant, he had made quite a name for himself amongst the culinary community. There wasn’t a chef in New York that didn’t know who Castiel Novak was and his cutthroat approach at running a kitchen. Many aspiring chefs scrambled to apply for the line cook positions, all with hope of learning from the blue eyed chef.
Something inside him was shifting the more he saw Dean and Claire interact. He continued to ignore it.
"Hold this for me will you?" He plopped the big bowl of spaghetti into her arms. She looked so small holding on to it.
By the time everything was cleaned and put away most of the staff had left except for Dean, Castiel, and Claire. Castiel walked over to where Claire had fallen asleep in the small kitchen office. He delicately picked her up and grabbed her backpack.
Balthazar continued to do the talking until they both left. Castiel said nothing more than a polite, “Thank you,” here and there. Soon enough he was left to go back to the kitchen.
Dean was leaning against the stove and smirking when Castiel looked back over to him. His cocky grin made cold shivers run down Castiel's spine. He did not like this guy one bit.
It wasn't much but something small seemed to fall into place within Castiel. Dean wasn't that much of a bad guy, sure he didn't want him to jeopardize his job at The Bite, but deep down he knew he was a good guy. If the spaghetti and getting Claire to eat after weeks of restricting her diet said anything.
“This is him, yes.” He turned away from the line so he could get some kind of privacy from the mayhem of everything, and to hear the person talking more clearly.
"Alright first matter of business is to get the dough ready." He said and started pulling out the ingredients. "Nothing like homemade fresh pizza dough to soothe the soul."
He got up and got dressed in some jeans and a t-shirt, brushed his teeth, and headed for the door. He would take a nap later when he got back and would worry about changing later.
"What? Cas?" Dean sat up more rigid. "Uh, is that ok? I can call you Castiel, but I kind of like calling you Cas. It's just easier to say." As he finished speaking his cheeks flared up bright red and Castiel watched as it spread down his neck and up his ears.
Dean nodded and then grunted as he was hauled to his feet. He reached out his opposite hand and grabbed hold of Cas's waist to help steady himself. If he let his hand stay there a little longer than necessary, well then once again he would blame it on his injuries.
Dean gets off the bed and walks over to the table where he seems to have already put a few things out to use. It’s impossible not to pant and shiver, even though Castiel’s doing nothing but lying there. The anticipation is killing him. It’s terrifying.
He had to go to the company’s headquarters in Denver. Every few months. Every two, to be exact. Always for three or four days. He’d come back looking sad and tired, wanting to watch movies and spend time with me. A lot of the time, he’d let me skip school the day after he got back. We’d binge on junk food and watch movies and sometimes I’d tell him about my crush or my friends or school, and sometimes we’d talk about nothing besides the cute actor in the romantic comedy on our TV.
"Castiel!" the receptionist practically coos, pulling Dean's focus back to the present. "How are you, sweetie? You canceled your last appointment." She tsks, shaking a finger like he's a naughty child.
before letting him down. Then clean this shit up and drop his body off on Crowley's fucking doorstep."
This time, when Dean buries his face in Castiel’s chest to hide his blush, Castiel lets him. It’s the perfect opportunity to hold the boy tightly against him. To savor the feel of their bodies fitting together. Castiel can’t help but notice it’s the first time he’s felt whole in two very long years.
“Absolutely.” Dean grins. “I’m trying to stay cool here, but it’s better than okay. Because I feel it too. Whatever is happening. I - I feel it, too. And I don’t want to fight it.”
Dean nods in agreement, laying down on his side and tugging at Castiel’s arm to get him to join. They settle in their usual positions, Dean's head on Castiel's shoulder and Castiel's hand on the small of Dean's back. Dean nozzles the man's throat, sighing happily at the scent of him.
Hey all, apologies as usual for how long its been, but one of my new year resolutions is to write more of my fanfics and update more often, so fingers crossed. This is short, but it's something at least <3 Enjoy!
“Well, now, wait a minute. I need more than that. What was Vegas like? What did you do? Other than drink, I mean. Did it help at all? Did you meet anyone?”
“Oh.” Castiel squirms, his cheeks turning pink. If we weren’t in public right now, I would drag him across this table and kiss him until he can’t breathe. “I don’t like that part either. I mean, you being in danger.”
Castiel is hard within seconds, thankful he has his trench coat on to hide it. Maybe Dean will let him keep it on. Maybe the fun is just knowing the panties are on beneath it. Dean had explained that there’s a dress code, though, and the trench coat definitely doesn’t fall under it. Tonight, the club is requiring rubber, leather, or lace. That’s why Dean had bought a new outfit at the shop too; leather pants, a tight black cotton shirt, and a leather motorcycle jacket. He looks like one of the bad boys that smokes under the bleachers at school. Incredibly fucking hot.
. His hand cups the back of my head and I already know where my face is headed before he finishes guiding me, my body relaxing again as my nose brushes that patch of skin he keeps pressing me against that calms me for some reason. It's not as good as hard fingers on my neck, and it's definitely not as good as his knot would be, but it's enough for me to breathe and give in, my eyes fluttering closed as he tickles shapes on my bare back.
My dad pauses, not walking away like I thought he would. He takes a deep breath and nods once. Then, "I thought losing John was the end of the world. Your mother… she was something special. Patient and kind. Understanding. I never told you this, but we had you before we mated. You weren't an accident, but I just - I couldn't wrap my mind around being someone else's mate. Any time I pictured biting her it had
“Tell me about it.” Gabriel smirks. “Yours was strong enough to blow both of our decks into smithereens.”
begins to play, sitting back to watch his boy. He stays calm for a few seconds before whimpering from the neglect. It's not long at all before he's bouncing the best he can in place, desperately humping the air above.
Charlie sets a hard look on Ketch and declares, “Mick doesn’t do commitment, Ketch. Commitment is your middle name.”
“Red. White. Baby blue. A nice, soft, pretty pink.” Dean chuckles. “Same pink as your pretty cheeks right now.”
Castiel scrubs a hand down his face before pausing with it covering his eyes. He laughs softly, the sound void of any humor. “Fucking nightmare.”
There's one thing I know. I can't make the decision tonight, here, now. I need to get space to think. To breathe. To be me.
“Yeah. I mean, war gets things messed up all the time anyway, right? Who knows. Maybe I ended up jumping with a different unit or something. Never even ended up with the unit I was assigned. It could happen, right?”
“No. I - no.” Dean rubs his chest, the panic attack that almost took over still looming beneath the surface, just waiting for an excuse to burst. He hopes his father can’t notice that his hand is trembling.
“Really.” Castiel’s fingers flex gently against Dean’s bare chest as if he can reach inside and touch his heart. “I love you.”
My eyes flutter closed as relief strokes its way across my chest. My wolf is much less calm. He’s running in excited circles and howling at the moon.
." Castiel swipes his thumb over his leaking slit and spreads it around the crown of his cock. "Get yourself ready and put it in. Do
Nodding, Castiel stands up and turns toward the door. He waits for Dean to walk past him so that he can follow him, and Dean finds himself wondering if that means Castiel is naturally submissive, or if Castiel just knows Dean should be first since he knows where they're going. Dean's cock is hoping for the former. Things would be so much better if this guy wanted to fuck.
Castiel wakes up covered in sweat and shaking. He pushes himself to a sitting position, trying to gain his bearings, but the movement sends bile up his throat. Panic seizes him as he tries to get out of the bed, fighting against the sheets he’s tangled in. He doesn’t make it. All Castiel manages to do is land on his hands and knees beside the bed, blankets still wrapped around one leg, and empty his stomach on the floor. Each heave curls his body inward, making his muscles ache.
“Yeah?” Castiel can hear the very thin line between Dean’s anger and confusion starting to crack. “That’s it?
“You!” He flips us over in one move, a hand covering my mouth just before I cry out in surprise. His grin is electric as he stares down at me with his beautiful bright blue eyes. “You were perfectly happy in my bed if I recall.”
“What about your time since giving up your old life and leaving the compound has ever indicated that you wouldn’t make a good father?”
“Just - just how it - it-” Castiel squirms, embarrassingly aware of how his hard cock is pressing against Dean’s stomach. “It’s exciting.”
Dean nods, shivering when sir’s smile turns evil and predatory. He’s squeezing the safeword ball sir gave him in a death grip, refusing to accidentally release it before he’s gotten his orgasm.
(New tags being added to the fic. I included them in the note at the end of this chapter - contain some spoilers-ish)
“Actually, yes.” Castiel blushes slightly, and Dean smiles. He likes when Castiel does that. Sometimes the boy can be so confusing, especially when he goes blank like he does, but then he blushes, and Dean gets a glimpse into what he feels. “I kind of have this assignment from Dr. Warren, but you have to do it too.”
The first is a collar. It’s black, leather, and about as thick as his finger. In the center of it is a tiny silver loop with a silver dog tag hanging from it. The tag is engraved with one word in elegant script:
The first step into the room feels monumental. Dean pauses, turning his head from left to right so he can take in every detail. A moment ago he had felt like he wanted to run like hell away from this room. Now, he can’t decide where he wants to go first.
Dean lays Castiel out on the bed, something Castiel thanks whatever gods there are for. He wasn’t sure how he’d feel on any equipment. It wasn’t something he considered when he filled out his little checklist. Beds are good. Safe. Well…
And woah, pump the brakes. He wasn't sure where that came from. And yet he found it to be true as he closed the door fully behind him.
"Hey we don't gotta talk about this right now. I get it's not easy to talk about someone after you lost them…" he looked around as though preparing to find someone spying on them, "I don't normally talk about it much but I lost my mom when I was a kid. That shit sucks. Don't tell Cas I said shit. Or for that time too."
“I’m gay.” I force another laugh, but it’s dry and a little terrified. “I mean - like… you guys aren’t going to force me to fuck girls, right? Because I - no. I won’t do that. That’s not right. You guys can’t-”
Belly full of warm apple pie and Ellen's homemade vanilla ice cream, Dean tucks Castiel into bed and heads down to the dungeons. He mirrors Garth's wicked grin when he gets to the door, giving him a wink as Garth steps aside. He tells Garth to go ahead and call it a night. Dean plans on killing this fucker when he's done with him, and then he'll just call in some rookies to clean the mess up. There's no reason for Garth to have to stick around.
“Yeah, baby. I promise.” Castiel steps up behind Dean and wraps his arms around him. It takes a second longer than he’d like, but then Dean sinks back against him and rests his cheek on Castiel’s bicep. Keeping him safely in place, Castiel lowers his voice and finishes the verbal tour. “The ceiling has a series of pulleys and restraints. You can be restrained by chains or by rope, as well as suspension. The system on the ceiling can’t be taken down - I mean, it can, but it’d be a lot of work - but all attachments can be taken away if you’d like.”
This whole small-town teenager thing is officially awesome. I have a boyfriend. I have a friend group. I went on a 40-minute road trip with said friend group since the football game is an away game. I sang along with the stereo to Taylor Swift, giggling with Charlie and Anna while Jack and Castiel groaned and pouted.
Castiel shakes his head and tries to move so he can look at Dean. When he can’t find him, he starts searching the room as if it has all of the answers. “I - I-”
“I’ll be - I’m gonna be right back.” He stumbles to his feet, tripping over himself. Jack reaches out to catch him. I feel my cousin tense up beside me the moment he touches Dean, his smile tight as he helps him steady himself. We watch in unison as Dean hurries unsteadily through the cafeteria, his legs shaking hard enough for us to see.
Dean’s a wreck. He wakes up before the sun even rises, rolling out of bed and tugging on workout clothes. Even after a six-mile run and an hour in the home gym, he feels like his entire body is vibrating with anger. Castiel is still asleep for breakfast, so he goes by himself. Everyone around the table is talking and laughing. It makes him furious.
I huff, throwing a hand up in exasperation. Then I realize what the problem is. I’m probably fucking soaked in omega. Not just omega - omega in
“No. No minutes. Minutes are bad.” I push to my hands and knees and crawl towards the edge of the bed to reach an arm out towards him. He steps back, shaking his head. I can’t help but notice that his entire body is trembling.
"-with a stubby little tail and one ear that flops awkwardly. Yes." Sam looks over at Dean, who has been quiet this whole time. He tips his head in Castiel's direction, indicating this is the time where he needs to step in.
Impatient to see that brilliant red intricately wound around Castiel’s pale skin, Dean steps forward and begins. The first line is wrapped around his beautiful submissive’s chest before Dean creates a loop and runs the rope through it, creating a lark’s head. He slides the lark’s head to Castiel’s back. Dean repeats the process once more. Then, with steady hands, Dean passes the rope around Castiel’s slim thigh and up the ass crack, crossing over itself to create a loop in the front, right at the apex of Castiel’s front left hip bone. He brings the rope around back and hooks the opposite ass cheek, bringing it forward and tying another knot at the front of his right hip bone. It puts his pretty submissive’s cock and balls on display for him. He could stare all day.
Walking down the hall like a kicked puppy with his tail between his legs, I slip the note in Dean’s locker and hope for the best.
It's posed as a question, but Castiels knows it's not. It seems the tailor has the same knowledge. "We should. I can have that done by morning, if that's not too late?"
More slick gushes out of the bun’s hole as Dean grips his hips tight and starts to fuck into him harder, the alpha unbelievably turned on by the adorable sexiness of his bunny. “I think you like being embarrassed my little bun. So sweet and innocent, yet so dirty, right?”
“It’s settled,” I agree. Then, as an afterthought, I look at Benny and ask, “Wait, what do I wear to a football game?”
“It’s alright, Dean. He’s right. I’m not sure if I would have left on my own. After all, it was you who changed me.”
Dean peeks up at Castiel through his lashes, cheeks turning pink. “I’m sorry. I just… a lot is happening and - and-”
The panic attack had been crawling through Castiel's body since he saw the bed, but it didn't fully slam into him until he was running. Until he realized there's nowhere to run. Castiel ends up with his back against the wall of one of the many hallways, sliding down to his ass. Even with his body balled up, and his head between his knees, the waves of nausea continue to slam into him. Castiel's heart pounds in his ears. He can't breathe. He's lightheaded. Every muscle in his body jerks without his control. Little hitched breaths that are starting to sound awfully close to a sob make their way through his lips.
He eventually gets his wish, but only after Dean takes his damn sweet time playing with the dildo, seeming more interested in toying with Castiel’s clamped nipples and constricted cock than his own pleasure. When the blindfold finally comes off, Castiel squints up in the dim light to see Dean straddling his face, his ass nearly full of the dildo in his mouth. Their eyes meet, Dean’s mouth twisting into a beautifully sexy smile, and Castiel can’t help but tilt his chin in a sharp jerk that fills Dean to the brim.
"Yes, sir!" Dean half-yells, half-whines. He's thankful his body still naturally obeys Castiel because he has no fucking idea how he hasn't come yet.
Castiel doesn't even argue, just walking in a trance. With each step, reality sets in. He forgets about the stunning architecture. The pleasing decor. The stupidly beautiful spiral staircase. In just seconds, he will be meeting the man who basically bought him. The man he will have to marry. The man who now has the power to make his life a living hell if he so desires.
It's been FOREVER, and I'm so, so, so sorry for that my lovelies. I could write a thousand excuses, but I won't bore you. I will say that I've read your comments and appreciate every one - but I just do not have time to answer them at this moment in life, and I figured you'd MUCH rather an update on my story than responses.
There’s a noise that comes from Castiel’s chest as he nods. It’s a lazy nod. Dean smiles, knowing what that means. Knowing that his boy is drifting.
It takes Castiel a few seconds, which Dean forgives because this is all still new to him, but then Castiel figures it out. “Yes, sir!”
. One of the clamps is hit off. Castiel pulls at all of his chains, heaving forward in a shock of pain that makes his ears buzz.
believe your relationship is shitty. By any means. I think the two of you could really be something."
I don’t have 'game'. Like… at all. Never have. There’s a reason Sam and I are best friends. We both would prefer hanging out at our off-campus apartment together reading books and drinking tea than hitting a party. We’re both virgins. We’re both dorks. We go to comic con and play D&D.
“Very, Castiel.” When Castiel and Dean both go quiet, Dr. Edlund pushes the conversation by asking, “You mentioned a nightmare last night, Dean. Castiel, did you have a nightmare last night?”
Gabriel would laugh if he wasn’t so focused on the fact that he could quite possibly be ruining his best friend's life right now.
“Don’t you dare!” Dean growls, his voice is so fucking angry but so fucking aroused at the same time. “If you come before I say so, you’ll fucking regret it, boy.”
Dean groans, his eyes falling shut. He might need to gather himself a bit. It’s probably for the best since he needs to replenish the aftercare kit first anyway.
is sick." Dean spits on his cock twice, using his thumb to spread the moisture. The boy isn't prepped well, but he's loose and pliant. It'll only hurt in a good way. "We aren't going to let anyone tell us what's right and wrong. It's for us to decide.
Pulling his hand away from Dean, Castiel practically slaps a hand at his face to wipe away the tears. He pastes on a wobbly smile that his father taught him to wear and shakes his head. “I’m fine. I’m okay. Just - just overwhelmed a bit.”
“Good boy. Watch the show. Once this is over, your hours can begin. Maybe you’ll even get to come before night time if you behave well enough. Would you like that?”
"I've got you, Dean," he whispers in his boyfriend's ear. With every slow, sure movement, with every careful thrust, with every drawn-out swirl of his hips, Castiel pours every ounce of his love into the beautiful man beneath him.
“Samuel, always a gentleman” She winks at the boy “I have news from the Winchester boy. Thought you might like to know the updates”
Dean let Castiel’s hand go in order to sit in the bed right in front of him, eyes fixed in his deep, blue eyes.
Sam made an attempt to talk through the situation, but he spotted Dean, holding Castiel’s hand, looking concerned, eyes deep fixed over him.
Reality hits Cas. This was the first time he hears those words; this was the first time he feels that’s true.
A panoramic view of the fields and the road is seen as the Impala stands next to the bunker. All in, we see the family ready to hit the road.
Dean starts the engine on, baby’s roaring louder as the up-funk bit of the song gets higher. He is feeling his own now, full smile, he adjusts the rearview and spots his brother holding Eileen but, strangely, he doesn’t feel blue. For the first time he feels he’s going in the right direction, even if he doesn’t know where that is.
Eileen wanted to set the mood lighter. So, a bit surprised nobody notices already, she clears her throat stretching one hand over the table.
Into the nothingness, a scream made it through. There was something else, now he could hear a voice coming like a distance echo.
“The nightmares are back,” Castiel repeats, this time lifting his eyes to stare at the man in front of him. “I want them to stop.”
“You have to be! Just - Christ... I’m fucking this up.” He turns completely so we’re face to face, then pulls me into his lap. I try to fight him, but it only lasts a second. My body thinks we need him, and it feels so fucking good to give into that. It feels like taking a breath after holding it for too long. “Werewolves are real, as you’ve figured out, but there are different kinds of werewolves. There’s the alpha, then the betas, and then the omegas. I’ll explain pack dynamics to you a different time, but we’re going to focus on omegas, because that’s what you are.”
Dean sighs, staring himself down in the fogged bathroom mirror. “He clouds every instinct, Char. I don’t know how to be a dom and in love.”
do that with a brat but I feel like it strips them of their personality. It’s - it’s safer to play within strict limitations when it’s a scene with a stranger or someone you aren’t very comfortable with. There’s less wiggle room of something going wrong, of something happening that they accidentally didn’t discuss, whatever.” Dean sighs, and Castiel can tell he’s worried he’s not making any sense. He is. A little. Castiel just can’t wrap his mind around it very well. “For a standard sub, strict limitations is usually fine. One night they want impact play. Another night they want suspension. Mix and match. Yada-yada. But a brat, usually, doesn’t want the scene to be planned at all. Not by them, at least. They like surprises, which usually works best if they’re in a long-term deal with a dom. And brats like being mischievous. Cheeky. They like to fight and wiggle and say no even though they don’t mean it. They like to be a good boy one scene and then naughty the next, and for both the sub and the dominant, it’s a thrill to get to experience both. To know that the man you’re kneeling for and obeying is the same man who whipped the shit out of you for biting him. To know that that boy on his knees being so damn good for you is the same boy who bit you last week and was a little shit that needed to be whipped until he sobbed. Both of them knowing that the other stuck around despite it all. It’s - it’s something I’d like, to be honest. I’m a sadist after all. But-”
“Yes, sir.” Dean presses closer to Castiel and lays his head on his thigh. The sigh he releases is one of pure relief. “Thank you, sir.”
When it’s just the three of us, my Uncle Luke looks at my dad, then at me. “I told him about the omega in the store.”
“Your ass is fucking perfect.” Castiel’s muscles tighten at the compliment, which makes his ass cheeks firm up, a little dimple showing in each one. Dean bets that’s what his ass will look like when he’s getting spanked or paddled. He’ll probably tense up like that in anticipation, trying to predict each strike as Dean puts different stretches of time between each one, making each hit impossible to prepare for.
Uncle Bobby releases a long, slow breath. “That’s a conversation I’d like to have at a different time, I think. You have school.”
How is it that Dean just saw him less than an hour ago, but missed him so much already? It’s like he spent the last 47 minutes unable to breathe properly.
Since I'm just here to keep Benny away from Dean, I pretend like Dean isn't there. Jack is right. I can't risk scaring the omega off. "I wanted to check with you about Friday. Is that still happening?"
“You didn’t piss yourself.” I lick my lips, looking down at the puddle of liquid fucking gold between his thighs. I’ve heard so many stories about slick. Werewolves talk about it like it’s crack. “This is normal. One of your body’s changes. It’s a
“No, dude, it’s fine. It’s cool. You just stay… way the fuck over there, and I’ll stay over here, and you can tell me what you need.”
My mind feels heavy as I try to wade through all the information. “So, my uncle brought me here because he wanted my gene to get activated?”
It’s all white table cloths and low lighting. Crystal chandeliers and candles. Soft music coming live from a piano in the corner.
“Father, we can’t let this go on anymore.” Michael gets up from his chair and begins to pace. When he catches sight of one of the many televisions on the wall showing the world’s news he angrily waves his hand, turning all of them off. He can’t look anymore. “It’s our responsibility to help. This isn’t the human’s problem. It’s not a mess they made themselves. This is Lucifer and C-” Michael has to stop, the name of his youngest brother catching in his throat.
“I don’t repeat myself,” sir warns in a voice too soft to be anything but terrifying. “Answer the question.”
“Fuck!” Dean stumbles back, one hand grabbing his head, the other going out in the air like he’s going to hit the person. His breathing escalates and his mind starts flashing faces. Men. So many men. All leering. All laughing. All there to hurt him.
“Please. Please. Please please please please fuck me. Need it. I need it. Need you so bad, sir. Please. God, sir, please! Need - I need-”
When he takes a seat across from Dean, he sees that Dean seems to be unable to stop smiling as well. "Good morning, Castiel."
The girl smiles. It's bright and genuine, and Castiel doesn't want to trust it. "I'm Charlie! I'm head of security. Well, co-head. With a guy named Ash. We do the tech for everything too."
“Please!” Castiel sobs, his breaths water-logged as he writhes against the pillow beneath him. He’s been humping the thing like a dog in heat and still hasn’t managed to come with that cock and ball ring tight around him. It’s adorable and sexy as fuck and every time Dean chuckles, it makes his boy whine in humiliation. Dean’s always loved edging, but this is a whole new level. Edging Castiel specifically is like stepping one foot into fucking heaven - probably the only time that’ll happen, considering Dean’s lifestyle. “Please, sir!”
“Oh,” Dean grunts as he hurries to steady himself. He's slightly dizzy, either from the alcohol, or from the sexy dominance the man just exerted on his body. “Okay.”
Benny reacts this time. He takes a subtle step back and nods once. “Sure. Whatever. See ya around, Dean!”
They head home. Castiel gets his promised McDonald's. Dean spends the ride running his fingers through Castiel’s hair and stealing his fries, dipping them in the boy's milkshake just to rile him up. He likes the way Castiel looks when he pretends to be grumpy. All pouty-faced and crinkled eyebrows and scrunched nose. It makes Dean want to kiss the fuck out of him.
He shoves his cock past Castiel’s lips, catching the boy by surprise. He doesn’t wait for him to get with the program. He just grabs two fistfuls of hair and brutally skull fucks the boy until he has him gagging hard enough for his body to lurch forward. Some bile falls from his mouth, mixed with spit. The boy looks up at Dean - or tries to, since he can’t see him through the blindfold - and Dean can sense the betrayal there.
“Cas, babe… can you look at me?” It takes him a second but after a deep breath Castiel meets Dean’s eyes. His expression is wide-open. Vulnerable, but
“Winchesters don’t fall in love with monsters,” Dean whispers, his father’s voice echoing in his mind, the burn of his father’s hand still lingering on his cheek.
The second Gabe and I are in the woods on the edge of the grocery store’s parking lot, I’m shifting. It’s impossible not to. I either let my wolf free so he can get all of this pent up need and energy out, or I can stay human and storm back into that store to claim what’s mine.
Chest aching, Castiel nods to show that he understands. Then he decides to admit his own truth. “I think I’m sort of convinced you’re gonna wake up one day and leave me. Realize this is… I dunno - fake? Like the Stockholm syndrome shit or whatever. What if one day you just fucking wake up and realize you need to leave?”
"Thanks." His hand flutters over mine without coming into contact before he pulls it away. "It was a car accident. They said he - I guess he died right away. So, you know, he didn't… suffer or anything. Which is… good, I guess."
Castiel just breathes deeply, relaxing into the mattress and bowing his head. It’s quick work to secure Castiel’s wrists together, but Dean still takes his time, double-checking every knot and loop. Tugging here and there to double-check the integrity of it all. When the wrists are tied together and then secured to the smattering of knots on Castiel’s back, Dean pulls one last time.
Castiel chuckles to himself as he walks by a human soul being tortured. He loves coming down to the pit and visiting his brother Lucifer. It's always so fascinating- so entertaining - to see the demons at work. Castiel could watch for hours as a worthless, pathetic, disgusting little human gets shredded on the rack.
This one is much better than the one in the compound. It’s elegant - as elegant as bdsm furniture can be. The base of it is wood, stained a dark walnut color. The padding for the torso, arms, and legs is burgundy. Dean puts his hand out to touch it, holding his breath like he’s about to be burned. Instead of burning, his fingertips skid across smooth, almost silky leather that’s cool to the touch. When he adds pressure, he sees that the padding isn’t thin. It’s thick and comfortable. The leather restraints are just as nice.
It’s not a question but an order. Castiel seems to take it that way too because he rocks back the little bit his restraints will allow, working with Dean to push the third bead into him. It’s harder to get inside of him than the first two, both because Castiel’s already so full and second because this ball is the biggest so far. With a little encouragement and some more lube, though, his boy’s ass is being filled.
“Oh, no. Not at all. Much more for pleasure.” Dean starts trailing his fingertips along Castiel’s skin, making sure to only touch the places where the submissive has rope. “It feels like you’re being held all over. Secured. Protected. But also trapped. Helpless. At your dominant’s complete mercy. Watch.”
“Look at that. Such a beautiful good boy for me.” The praise sends a shudder through Castiel’s body, the tiniest, most adorable sound escaping him as it happens. Smiling, Dean walks until the toes of his boots are a foot away from Castiel’s bare knees and then stops. He drops the stack of clothes he was holding in his hands before moving his attention to his belt. The hunger in Castiel's eyes as the boy watches Dean free his cock is intoxicating. It's even better knowing that hunger isn't going to be satisfied any time soon. Not in the way Castiel will want it to be.
“Mmm.” Dean shifts but doesn’t open his eyes. “Cut it when I first got home. Didn’t – it wasn’t me anymore. Like it better like this.”
“You really don’t know?” He puts his sketchbook off to the side and sits up. The humor has left his expression. “Did they not talk to you about it?”
“Really?” I fake a gasp, loving the way he smiles at me when I do so. I know his name. Benny introduced us that first day, and I pay attention in classes, but teasing him is fun. “I had no idea. Do tell.”
"N-no." Castiel balls his hands into fists. "I just - I didn't like him here. It - this is our space. That's all."
Sir scoffs. “You’ll have to do better than that but you’re damn right you’ll make it up to me. Don’t you worry about that.”
“No shit.” The Lieutenant rocks on his heels, crossing his arms over his chest and smirking. “I’m from Kansas. Lawrence.”
The boy seems to realize what that means. If he doesn't fro.t he words, he does by recognizing the stutter of Dean's hips, the shift in his breathing, the tight press of his fingers to Castiel's hips.
“I just - well, I had the weirdest dream yesterday. I was convinced it was real, but it wasn’t, and now I feel like I’m going crazy.”
“Cool.” Castiel perks up. The room is suddenly fun instead of overwhelming. He gets a glimpse of the sparkly glitter suit and grins. “How much would Dean hate me if I made him wear that?”
"Well, I've tried my best to learn as much as possible about real BDSM. If you were ever going to come back to me and we were going to try to do this again, I knew I didn't want to do it as the guy you knew before. Even at the end there - I was in love with you, but I wasn't a good dominant. So I rebuilt myself. But that doesn't matter.” Castiel waves that off, upset with himself for getting distracted. “The point I'm trying to get at is that I've learned a great deal and what happened last night, you reaching subspace, that only happens when you feel safe enough with me to let go. You have to fully trust me. Not just say you do on the surface, you have to
Sir licks a hot stripe up the curve of Castiel's throat. He shudders in sir's hold, his body aching with the effort not to come.
“I’m going to go get a drink of water,” Jimmy says quickly. He gives Dean a fake smile. “I think I just got a little dizzy there.”
“Not happening.” Castiel doesn’t get flustered or squirmy. He doesn’t even bat an eye. Dean makes a note that heels are definitely not a kink for the boy. No problem for him. “No to infantilism. Or injections. Like, absolutely not to injections. Do not inject me with anything, understood?”
“Ahh. Okay.” Dean nods, almost smiling. That’s easy. That’s something he can fix. “I have an intercom system here. It’s attached to my phone. If you’re ever up here and I’m doing something elsewhere, I’ll have my Bluetooth in my ear. The moment you speak your safeword, I’ll hear it as if I was here with you, and I’ll come as fast as I can. I will never leave you in here alone during anything else but kneeling, I swear. But if it still makes you uncomfortable, then it can be something we talk about. Okay?”
“Then I’ll handle it. Or have you forgotten that I know what omegas go through? Have you forgotten who got John through his heats before he was old enough to get fucked by you? Who made sure he got water? Who listened to him cry for hours because of how much it hurt?" Bobby steps forward, his body vibrating with rage. "Who the fuck do you think had been helping him all these years since he left you? I know what the fuck I'm doing."
Dean isn't where Castiel left him. He's where Castiel would have wanted him if they were back in the suite or at Castiel's old home; naked and kneeling at the foot of Castiel's bed. His hands are resting on his thighs, palms facing the ceiling. His head is hung low, eyes on the floor. His breathing is even. Calm.
Dean's smile is soaked in relief. "Perfect. It's a simple system, nothing fancy. Like I said, towels are here. Oh, shit-"
“Open up for me. Come on.” Dean teases his hole again, grinning when it flutters for a moment before squeezing shut. “Maybe you don’t want me to give you pleasure after all. Should I perhaps grab the paddle?”
With a deep sigh, Dean kisses Castiel’s temple and begins to shift on the bed. Castiel’s heart races as he prepares for someone to rip him away from Dean. Instead, Dean lays them both down, using one arm to situate pillows so the other can still be holding Castiel. He puts Castiel on his back, then turns to the side so he's facing Castiel.
He was handed a tablet before Dean set down a few other things around him on the mattress. Castiel frowned when he saw it all. There was a journal, a pen, a coloring book, colored pencils, a bar of chocolate, a fresh Gatorade, and the book he just started reading. When he had looked up at Dean in question, Dean just ran gentle fingers through Castiel’s curls and smiled.
"Of course," Dean says after a breath that makes his shoulders drop. "Absolutely. I - yes. Come with me."
“Like - like that night, when you made me eat and I was good so you massaged me. I - I liked that you cared. That you made me do stuff to take care of myself when I didn’t want to do it myself. Sometimes it’s hard to - sometimes it’s overwhelming trying to take care of myself.” Immediately, Castiel wants to swallow the words back. Choke on them. He squeezes his eyes shut, feeling his face heat up. “That’s fucking stupid. I
“The kids - having them," Castiel pauses, his eyes sliding shut. When he speaks again, his voice isn't how Dean expected it to be. It's not cold or distant. It's not teetering on the edge. Castiel sounds
A hand touches the small of my back, making me jump. I turn around and look up at Alastair in confusion. He just smiles. It's wide and toothy. “Do I make you nervous?”
Anyway, have a super long feely smutty fluffy chapter as an apology. The next chapter is going to be full of plotty action, blood, and a badass Dean Winchester that might scare everyone (but Cas - who might find out he has a surprising kink for dangerous men) (; Enjoy!
orders and does as told. Dean snaps his eyes open, startling when a face is much closer to him than he expected. The same messy brown hair. The same hazel eyes and arching brows. The same frown lines.
When Castiel says nothing, Dean adds, “There’s no possible way you could embarrass me, Cas. I promise.”
Through all of this, Castiel’s smile just continues to grow. “It is, isn’t it? Sam fucking Winchester has you all tied up in knots, doesn’t he?”
“Thank you.” Castiel looks down at Dean’s phone, blushing hard enough for red to hit the tip of his ears. “Ummm… okay. Catheterization, again, is a hard limit.”
“Come for me,” Sir growls, his fingers curling against Castiel’s prostate and setting a brutally glorious pace. “That’s a fucking order, boy.
When he’s not staring at me like he wants to kill me, or telling me I smell, Castiel is a really nice guy. He’s funny, too. Everyone laughs at his jokes and stares at him with starry eyes. I can’t blame them. He’s gorgeous with his black hair that seems to have its own gravitational pull and his brilliant blue eyes that reflect the stadium lights. His smile is infectious. It’s soothing. Every time he directs it at me, I feel my body buzz.
Thankfully, the teacher starts class after that. He has us open our anthologies to the story we were assigned for our weekend reading. I flip to the page and sit back in my seat, only half listening as he goes on about Jack London.
“Since you. Yes.” Castiel runs a finger along Dean’s cheek. “My therapist wants you to come to a session.”
Still holding his hand, Castiel pulls Dean up the stairs and to the farthest side of the second floor. He opens the first door down there and steps aside. "This is my office."
“You did so well for me. Such a good, sweet boy.” Castiel blushes, tucking his face against Dean’s chest as if he can hide from him. He chuckles before pressing a kiss to the crown of his boy’s head. “If you keep hiding, you don’t get your treats.”
"I just - I wanted to-" Castiel stops, shaking his head. It's not even that he doesn't want to tell Dean the truth. It's that Castiel doesn't know the answer himself. He doesn't understand any of these feelings he’s experiencing.
Of course. Mr. Kind & Patient is going to give Dean his space. Dean would roll his eyes if he wasn’t so in love with the asshole.
“I’m really glad it stormed tonight,” I admit as I drift off to sleep with Dean wrapped up in my arms.
Dean. It was our - his - it was the first time I… did that to him. And our son was standing off to the side just screaming at me. Fucking begging me to stop hurting his daddy. He was so fucking sad. Confused. He just - he wanted me to stop hurting his daddy!”
This is the main issue Dean is having. Part of him wants to get it over with and just marry the guy. The other part of him thinks it’s smart to do a trial period. “At least a month. Castiel and I can discuss dates.”
“Well, I could certainly make you feel good now, but we haven’t had our talk yet, so it might be a little boring.” Dean licks his lips and stuffs his hands in the pockets of his pants. His green eyes narrow, filling with dangerous promises. “Or you can be a good boy and wait so we can talk, and we can have all the fun you want.” Dean chuckles to himself, shaking his head. “Correction - all the fun I want. It won’t be much of a choice for you now, will it?”
Dean startles. He hadn’t expected that. For some reason, even though he knew things were different between them, he just… he guesses he didn’t expect that. Dean supposes he should have.
Once the boy is naked besides a very thin area of see-through lace, Dean presses his front to Castiel’s back and places his lips at his ear. “Safewords. We reviewed them in the car. Tell me them.”
It takes Castiel an extra second or two before coming back out of the dressing room. He doesn’t even manage to look at Dean through his lashes, staring directly at the floor instead.
Surprisingly, Dean doesn’t lead Castiel out of the restaurant. He leads him into the bathroom instead.
The relief Castiel feels radiates off him, reaching dean even though he's not looking at the boy. He smiles to himself and pretends to stay focused on the washcloth.
“Shhh.” Dean leans forward, pressing a kiss to the bunny’s tear-soaked cheek. “Don’t worry sweet omega. Your alpha has you. I’m gonna take good care of you, baby.”
Castiel freezes, eyes going wide. He waits for Dean to say he’s just kidding, or to say he loves him like a brother, but the freckled man just keeps grinning at him like a goofy idiot. The nurse is giving them one of those ‘awww so adorable’ looks, probably assuming they’re a couple.
Dean releases his first sob, frustrated-overwhelmed-pleasured-relieved tears beginning to fall down his cheeks. He senses the shift in Castiel immediately. The way his thrusts shorten and his hand relaxes. Before he can ask Dean if he's okay, Dean assures him. "So good. So good, Cas. Sir. Fuck me. Make me come. Please. Please let me come, sir. Please."
“It sounds like that was very important to you, Dean. Pretending someone was holding your hand while Castiel and his men hurt you - that seemed to help you, then?”
Taking a chance that Castiel worries will never stop terrifying him, Castiel steps into the room and chooses three items. He nearly runs out of the room after before he can change his mind, taking the stairs two at a time.
The man is still staring up at him. He says under his breath, “Back of hands,” as he brings them up to Dean’s inner thighs. Dean hopes the man can't see that his cock is getting hard. He focuses on his father. It should be a safe topic. Safe as far as killing an erection, at least.
“Mine,” Castiel says on an exhale. He rubs the tip of his nose against Dean’s, the two of them smiling at the action. “
“Mmm.” He closes his eyes for a moment, drawing a breath in through his nose. A smile pulls at his lips. It’s soft and warm. When he looks at me, his eyes are almost back to normal. My breath catches in my throat at the sight of them, my mind going dizzy from the sudden change. “I like you safe.”
“Okay.” He rocks on his heels, looking conflicted. Then he pushes forward and cups the side of my face with one of his huge hands. The other joins a moment later, making it so I’m framed by his fingers. His touch feels like electricity on my skin and I find myself shuddering like I did at the store. My breath catches and my head swims.
He’s surprised to find that Castiel is facing him now. He looks at him in the dark, only able to see a rough outline with his eyes still struggling to adjust. It doesn’t matter that he can’t see well, though. Dean can
“Hey.” Dean looks at Benny, then me, then Benny. His cheeks go red. “Um… I was just talking to Benny about the football game Friday.”
, I think it’d be a good idea for you to be the dominant in the bedroom - or the playroom. It would build trust between you. Strengthen your relationship.”
Dean changes his suit three times. Just as he’s buttoning the jacket of a three-piece grey Brioni, Benny strolls into his room with a smirk. “Ready for the royal ball yet, princess?”
Looking exhausted but happy, Castiel smiles and nods. He lets Dean guide him to the bed before taking back the control, wrapping Dean up in his arms and holding him close. They fall asleep within seconds, both of them sleeping the rest of the night nightmare free.
“That’s my cue,” Uncle Bobby announces in a loud, booming voice. “I’ll be - elsewhere. Dean, bud, you’re going to be just fine. Trust me, okay?”
Going quiet, Castiel lifts his head just enough to look down at the city again. He doesn’t feel powerful anymore. He feels like a monster. Like fucking Godzilla about to terrorize the innocent people below.
“You wear other sweaters to school. Wear one of those if you feel more comfortable. Though, Castiel saw you in the pink, did he not?”
“Yeah?” Castiel asks, his heart pounding at the confirmation that he’ll see Dean at least one more time.
“He’s your mate.” He says it so simply. So matter-of-factly. Like it’s been decided. Has it? And if it has, what does that mean? What does it entail? Does that mean Castiel is going to fuck me during these next three days? Is Castiel going to knock me up?
Castiel releases an embarrassing whimper, clinging to Dean like his life depends on it. He screws his eyes shut and buries his face in Dean’s neck. “Sorry. ‘M sorry.”
"But he doesn't miss you," Cain says in a low voice across the room, Dean picking up the words easily.
"I am." Castiel turns to look at Dean straight on. His eyes are narrowed, his face calm and serious. "I bought this house for us. Stood right here staring up at it, heart in my throat, wondering what it'd be like to one day bring you here. Show it to you. Ask you to stay. So, yes, I'm really fucking nervous."
“Promise me, Cas,” Gabriel whispers, his hand moving so his pinky finger is against Castiel’s pinky. “Please.”
It’s just as a bright light is flipped on, making me flinch and squeeze my eyes shut, that I realize one final thing. I’m naked.
“I like ‘em.” Castiel’s eyes flutter closed as Dean’s thumb skates along his jaw and down the curve of his neck. He shivers as it passes over a sensitive spot. “When are you gonna want me to - to kneel and stuff?”
"And more later?" Castiel asks hopefully. He feels drunk on this whole experience. Drunk on the way their bodies move together. Drunk on the way the music wraps around them. Drunk on the way Dean's fingers caress his rope through his clothing, like a claim, a reminder, a
He cuts me off quickly. “Good - that’s good. Okay. You’re not fully under. Concentrate on me, Dean. Focus. Can I touch your asshole? Can I play with it? Put toys in it?”
Something similar to acid burns along our thread. I somehow understand what it means. “You just lied to me.”
Dean sighs, the sound long and annoyed. "You texted at like 7. I was already at the game. I lied so you wouldn't feel bad for not being invited."
. Sir, sir, sir. Sir’s fingers fucking into him. Sir’s thumb pressing up against his taint. Sir’s hand rubbing his injured ass cheeks. Sir’s voice.
I push and pull and twist the dildo as I suck two more orgasms from the sweet omega's cock. Finally, once he's sobbing hard enough to make his whole body shudder, I pull my mouth off his cock and shove the knot inside his hole. He screams out a word that's definitely not English and shoots a watery, pathetic load out of his cock as his body milks the fake knot. A soft whine escapes his lips as his body realizes he's not being pumped full of my spunk, so I do the next best thing by leaning over and pressing my cock to his lips. He opens immediately, panting and nodding his head as his tongue darts out. I don't even give him a chance to suck. All it takes is my hand closing around my cock as I tilt it further into his mouth before I'm spilling my seed onto his tongue and down his throat.
To say Castiel looks pleased is a fucking understatement. It makes Dean’s whole body glow in a pleasure of its own. He forgot how much he loved making his mas - his
With a quick glance to see if Castiel has noticed what’s happening, Dean carefully pushes the cotton a few inches up. Castiel hisses through his teeth when the fabric brushes against the line of cuts there. When Dean looks up again, their eyes lock.
The surprise is throwing Dean off so badly, he feels out of control. And Dean Winchester does not do well with not being in control.
. The Demons are the main issue on the table. An alliance between The Hunters and The Angels is the only solution.
The Lieutenant laughs. “Yup. That was definitely me. I’m surprised you remember that, you were pretty out of it most of the time.”
“Of course. You are quickly becoming my everything, Castiel. I’m fully aware that this job - this life - puts you in danger, and I don’t like that. Not in the least.”
“Uh - um - shit - no, no, no, don’t stop!” Castiel pushes back further and further when Dean pulls away. His restraints stop him though, and still no Dean. He opens his eyes wide and looks over his shoulder to find Dean off the bed. “No! No, babe, Dean, please, fuck, sir. Come back. Come back. ‘M sorry. Feels - feels like - like fuckin’ lightning. I can feel it everywhere. Like in my fuckin’ toes, sir. Please come back.”
“Oh man.” The man shakes his head. He puts the empty mini-bottle down and comes towards Dean. “Sounds rough.”
Chuck's body goes perfectly still. Dean doesn't bother to look past him where Michael is standing, knowing his reaction is probably the same. He hides his smile in Castiel's hair and begins to turn away from Chuck, trusting that Benny wouldn't let him go uncovered even with his back to the enemy.
"I stand corrected. That was one hell of a kiss there, young man of a considerable age." He laughs and it might just be my new favorite sound. I run a hand through his messy curls and ask, "Why have you never seen fireworks before?"
“That’s enough,” sir says after who knows how long. Dean realizes he now has three fingers in his hole. He’s slightly thrown off by the fact that he doesn’t even remember pushing the first one in. He doesn’t have time to dwell on it, though. Not when sir, still not looking at him, orders, “Come warm my cock now, pet.”
When the doors open, they hear a soft gasp. Castiel turns his head and looks at the numbers. He sees it’s not their floor and goes straight back to devouring Dean. Whoever gasped doesn’t get on the elevator. Dean hears the doors close a few seconds later, then feels the box lurch as they begin to climb again.
With a gentle but firm hand, Castiel hikes Dean's left leg up and coaxes it to wrap around his waist. Then he runs the crown of his cock around Dean's wet rim once before slowly dipping inside. Dean shivers and pulls Castiel tighter against his chest.
Eventually, Castiel finds the kitchen. A woman he hasn’t met is cleaning the counters. She looks up when he enters, giving him a smile. “Hello. Are you Castiel?”
Dean can’t help but swell with pride. Since that’s not the only thing swelling, he takes out his cock and fists it with the hand still slick with lube from prepping Castiel and the beads. He rests his other hand on the edge of the bench beside Castiel’s thigh and leans forward, eyes closing as he jacks himself. It doesn’t take much time at all. Less than a minute. Then Dean’s stepping back and spilling on the floor, not wanting his cum to aggravate the marks on his boy’s ass.
When Castiel stirs awake the following morning, he instinctively reaches for Dean. His heart lurches into his throat as he realizes there's nothing beside him but cold sheets. He sits up with a jolt and turns his head to see for himself, squinting in the morning light at the empty spot where he knows Dean had been just a few hours before.
“Alek can’t be at his compound all the time. He has a legitimate business. He has a family. He has social events and work trips. His men are always at his compound doing things, though. Meetings. Trainings. Weapon maintenance. Whatever else. They’re in charge of keeping the slaves alive.”
Then something sharp and electric touches his cock out of nowhere, and Castiel is shouting, fire licking through his genitals. It only lasts a second, one of those pains where the moment it’s gone you realize it wasn’t that bad. He’s breathless when he demands, “What the fuck was that?”
Dean looks at the gloves Castiel is pointing too. They’re black leather, long enough to go to his elbow. They wouldn’t look terrible with his pretty red briefs, but Dean doesn’t see them as necessary. He also never saw Castiel as the kind of boy who wanted to wear gloves like that. Then again, everyone is full of surprises. “Of course. I’ll buy them. You go see Benny.”
I try to picture what kids in a small town can do to have fun. I’ve seen TV shows and read books with small towns in them, but it never focuses much on that. It shows the kids at school and then with all of their family and relationship drama. Sometimes they hangout at a diner, but that's about it. It's going to be… interesting trying to adjust.
"Pleeeaassse, mate," he begs, slick still dripping from his hole all over my cock and balls. My wolf is in absolute agony as I hold him back. My muscles begin jerking with the exertion necessary to keep myself under control. It'd be so easy. So fucking easy. I'd just slam him right down on my cock. The pretty little omega probably wouldn't even feel the pain of the brutal thrust, too out of his mind with need and desperation. And God, it'd feel So. Fucking. Good. All that tight, warm heat clinging to my cock. Milking it.
Castiel releases a shuddery breath, close to tears himself as he clings to Dean. “I’m sorry I forgot to call you sir.”
“Then watch,” sir growls in his ear. There’s a pause that Dean can sense in sir’s demeanor. It shows when he cups his cheek and turns Dean’s head so they’re looking into each other’s eyes. “Safeword?”
Gabriel answers instead. “When you chose to come back to him, before he met you on the beach, he and I got together and spoke. We agreed that for the two of you to give this thing a genuine shot, you’d have to be open and honest with each other. 100%. But that means telling you some things about myself, about my father, and about the things we’ve done since you were there. He wanted to make sure that was okay with me.”
Hoping he’s right in his assumption of what Dean’s asking, Castiel pushes at the fabric with his tongue until it’s falling out of his mouth.
“Yup. Kid ate, made fun of me, googled shit, and watched what I’m assuming was some very nice porn.” Castiel startles, his face flooding with heat as he realizes Benny was fully aware of what Castiel had been up to. He stares down at his dark tablet, refusing to look up at either of the men in the room. He’s mortified.
“Please, sir, no!” He shakes his head, lifting his ass. “Just - just - you can spank me, sir. I’ll make it up to you. Please!”
Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand, his chest going tight as he realizes why his boyfriend looks the way he does. “Whatever we talk about this morning, it won’t change us. Nothing will change us. It’s all in the past.”
Even the staff that Chuck hired is aware of Castiel’s issues. Castiel had hated that, feeling like they were constantly watching him and tiptoeing around him, but at least when he got dark or had an attack, they knew enough to get him through until Gabriel could show up and take over.
“Well he was safe because of you,” the man says softly, tilting his head. His hands very gently work their way up Dean’s sides as he whispers, “So brave.”
“I do, actually. It’s nice. I like the fresh air. And the night sky. I could stare at the stars for hours.”
“Or I can,” Benny says quickly, giving me a charming smile. “I want to know what you thought after the game is done. You can tell me all about your loss of football-virginity.”
“I am, sir,” Castiel whispers. He lifts his chin and turns his face in the direction of Dean’s voice. “I’m terrified right now.”
Castiel closes his eyes and grips Dean tighter, terrified Dean will change his mind when he sees the next room. There’s no stopping it, though. That becomes abundantly clear when Dean’s slipping out of his arms and heading to the next door. Dean’s grinning, probably still riding his high from the reveal of the bathing room. It’s clear that he barely even registers what he’s doing as he pushes open the door. He’s distracted.
It’s then that I realize my chest is no longer aching. It stopped when I walked into class. It stopped when I laid eyes on Castiel. When he laid eyes on me.
“Yeah.” He waves it off. “I slept like shit last night. Got a migraine. No big deal. Just needed some Tylenol."
Dean shivers when those boots stop in front of the sub’s face, the toes less than an inch from the man’s forehead. The sub tries to look up at his dom but it pulls too tight on his arms and he cries out. His dom laughs.
So, Castiel's growled, "Can we please change the fucking subject?" is, in his opinion, completely called for.
“I’m fine. The one boy - Castiel - caught me from falling and said I smell.” I shrug, starting to feel sick to my stomach with this whole situation. “Can we go home? Are we done?”
He does everything he was told. When Dean comes in a few minutes later, he looks overly pleased to find Castiel in the right chair, blanket put away. Dean doesn't stop though. He just strolls by him and orders, "Stay."
“Castiel, your memory has been manipulated.” The man steps forward, his hand outstretched. “Allow me to-”
Just as Dean is turning to bring Castiel to the final part of their wing, the bedrooms, Castiel asks, "What about that door?"
“There’s not a damn thing to talk about.” Bobby turns away from us all, walking to the door. He doesn’t even bother to look back as he says, “The next Novak I see near my house or Dean gets a silver bullet to the heart. Human or wolf form. I don’t fucking care.”
“You know what though, Cas? Almost all of that stuff can come outside of sex for the two of you, without you having to sub like you were. You can be praised. Hell, I’m sure he does praise you already and you just don’t realize it. Calling you a good boyfriend. A good dom. Him being proud of you for that grocery shopping trip. Whatever else. And if you’re brave enough to tell him how much you like the praise, then he’ll give you more of it. That’s not a ridiculous thing to want, Cas. Not at all. You can trust him. You should always trust him. And you saw that he’ll take care of you, and he’s going to keep taking care of you. I have no fucking doubt about that. None. And I have a damn good feeling that you’re going to feel loved too with that boy.
Castiel stays glued to the chair, two fingers pressed to his lips. He's never been kissed like that. Just those few seconds have him buzzing on a completely different plane of existence. If that’s what it’s like to kiss Dean Winchester, he’s not sure he’d survive sex with the man.
Dean’s jaw drops. “A surprise… to me? As in… I will be surprised? As in… on our wedding day, I am going to have no idea what lies ahead of me? Not my outfit? Or decorations? Or menu? Or - or - or scotch.” Dean suddenly understands what panic feels like as he thinks of that last one. “You have to let me pick out the scotch!”
Castiel looks sheepish, something Dean finds highly amusing. "I'm good, Missouri. Got distracted is all."
Castiel inches closer, taking my face in his big hands. “I promise I’ll never let anything bad happen to you again, okay? I’ll always protect you.”
“Yes, and no. I smelled you, and I knew you were an omega, but that’s not all of it. We’re - you and I are - we’re something more. The others couldn’t smell you until today, until the gene was activated, and they say you smell different than what you smell like to me. To them, you smell like every other omega. To me, you - you smell way fucking better. You smell like Christmas.”
“Yes. It’s the kind of thing that sticks.” Dean laughs fondly, green eyes sparkling. “So, what do ya say, Cas? Will you let me get to know you? The good and the bad?”
It’s sweeter than normal - unless that’s my imagination. Considering I’ve only interacted with him a few times, I could be wrong. This could be how he smells all the time. Or it could be because I’ve been away from him so long. Or because it’s peeking out from behind Benny’s scent, teasing my senses.
Castiel's stomach drops. The only reason he keeps walking forward is because his brain kicks into autopilot. "You're- you're saying you want to use it? Right now? You're saying - you're saying yellow? Or - or lake? You're saying lake?"
Biting his lip, Castiel nods. Just as he gets to his feet to join her, though, Dean turns the corner and finds them. He takes one look at Castiel's tear-soaked face, red-rimmed eyes, and twitching body, and stops in his tracks.
The two stand there for a minute, just suspended in the moment. The bell rings, meaning classes have begun. Neither of them move.
“Yes. Well, I want to try at least. Suppose I shouldn’t be too cocky about it until I know it’ll work.”
.” Dean puffs out the word, then laughs. It’s not an amused laugh. He’s not making fun of Castiel. It’s more of an elated, proud laugh. Like he’s victorious. Like Castiel is this beautiful prize that Dean can’t quite figure out how he got so lucky to have.
The two of us panting, I pick him up and easily carry him to my bed, laying him out across it. His eyes never leave mine as I strip down to just my boxer briefs. I hold his gaze for a few more seconds. Then, I start to examine every inch of his gorgeous body, my hands twitching with the need to touch.
, Cas." His big green eyes look up at me like I have all the answers. I'd give anything for that to be the case.
I've been gone forever and ever, I KNOW. I'm so sorry (are you tired of hearing that yet? I know... I suck)
“I’ll kiss and touch and lick your pretty bare skin. Explore every inch of you. Commit you to memory. I’ll find all the spots that make you giggle, all the spots that make you moan, all the spots that make you gasp. You’re going to be ready to burst before I even touch your cock.” Dean drapes the rope around his shoulders and stands directly in front of his boy, staring down at him. “Does any of that sound like something you wouldn’t like, Castiel?”
Dean turns in his arms and cups the side of Castiel’s face with his right hand. It’s so strange to have Dean doing that to him. A good strange, though. “Cas, when I chose to come back to you, I chose to come back to all of you. I chose to come back to this. Yes, it’s going to be work. There will be triggers. Kinks to work out - no pun intended. But I want this. All of this. All of
Bobby sighs. Shakes his head. “But your dad, he… damn if he didn’t just make things worse, Castiel. John lost it. He just… he fucking shattered, right there in his room, within seconds of your dad entering it. He wouldn’t let your dad near him. At this point, of course, everyone knew he had caught. The wolves could smell it, and John could feel it, and I wasn’t an idiot. I knew how things worked. He was raped while in heat. Your dad tried to convince him to stay. He said he’d raise Dean with John. Accept him as his own son. John said he’d die before he ever let your dad or any other wolf anywhere near his baby, and that night he left. I got a postcard from New York a few months later. He begged me not to tell your dad that’s where he was, and of course, I didn’t. And then John… never came back. Your dad met your mom. Shit obviously went down with the pack, though I have no idea what. All I know is the alpha and many others were suddenly gone, and your dad was in charge.”
When John slams the door, Dean curls in on himself and begins to gently rock back and forth. His lungs refuse to allow any air in, no matter how many times he tries to coax them. He ends up in the small bathroom of the shop, spilling his guts into the toilet. The violent heaves of his body only worsen after that.
Just as Castiel’s about to say something sarcastic, they round another corner, and Castiel slams into something that cries out on impact.
"Well, first of all, it's important you know how the team works. To know who to go to for certain issues. It will also be good for you to learn how the system and the guards at the housework." Benny glances at his phone, but he puts it down before Castiel can see what the message said. "Most importantly, though, you'll meet your personal security detail. That's when you can pick out a codename and slightly adjust their protocols regarding your safety."
After Dean points out his office again, along with the offices of some of his higher-up members, as well as the meeting room for The Hunters to use when business needs to be conducted, Dean brings Castiel to the end of the hallway. "Through here is our indoor garden. No one really goes in there. My mother built it for herself. But it's there."
“I think they were around.” Now it’s my turn to be far too casual. From the look he gives me, I know he didn’t buy my act either. Instead of trying to weasel my way out of it, I try defending them. “They seem really nice. Castiel is nice.”
"Let the pleasure happen to you, but don’t let yourself be enslaved by it. Remember that you don’t belong to it—you belong to
“Please, sir,” Castiel whispers. His voice is so soft, so broken, Dean can barely hear him. Dean’s cock aches. Since the button of his pants is already undone, he tugs the zipper down. It’s still not enough. He grips his cock and massages it, groaning in relief. Castiel’s head snaps up at the sound.
Before Castiel has a chance to pout too much, Dean’s moving into the next topic of conversation. “You want to do this full-time. What, exactly, does that mean to you?”
“Yes.” Dean kisses Castiel’s left cheek, then nuzzles him gently. “A good dom should be. You’ll learn that you have all the power in this, baby. Every time I plan a scene, it will be how to make you feel good. How to tease or spank or fuck you until you float away. I’ll enjoy doing that for
“I’m sorry, sir!” Castiel whimpers, looking down at the ground. “I didn’t mean to misbehave, I promise. I swear, sir.”
“I can’t.” He looks up at me, his eyes red and watery. “God, kid, I wish I could. But now they’re the only ones that can help you. This isn’t reversible. It’s who you are now. It’s in your blood.”
“I love you.” Dean does grabby hands with a giddy smile before Castiel hands him the small bowl of ice cream. It’s his favorite. Double chocolate chip with cookie dough bites. Dean hums in appreciation and closes his eyes. Castiel takes the opportunity to get the hell out of his bedroom.
With a gentle hand, Dean begins to trace the outlines of Castiel’s bindings. He trails along the bare skin as he maps out every line and loop. Castiel leans into the touch as much as he can, humming in appreciation.
"Tell me why you stayed," Dean whispers, his hand searching out the toy in Castiel’s ass and removing it.
After a few minutes, I decide it’s safe enough to peek over at Castiel. He’s listening intently and taking notes. It makes me smile. I had expected him to be the kind of guy that didn’t care - or at least pretended he didn’t care - about school. Then again, I expected him to be one of the football players too, and he turned out not to be. Apparently, he’s much more than he appears to be on the surface.
Plus, he knows within minutes of watching them that he would go crazy having to do it forever. Just seeing Michael smile at Dean, or touch the small of his back as they talk to their friends, or get Dean a refill, all makes Castiel’s gut burn with acid.
"There you go. My good boy." Castiel places a kiss to Dean's shoulder blade before standing up and stepping back. "Rise to your feet but keep your arms in place. Eyes on the floor. Good."
He turns to look at me, our gazes locking. That rush of heat that I usually feel when we look into each other’s eyes is more intense. I have to bite back a hiss from how hot it burns. It’s enough to knock the breath from my lungs.
Castiel sways forward before his eyes flick up to Dean. “Sir?” he asks, his voice scratchy from his throat getting fucked.
"After what you saw. After what I've just done to you. After knowing I wanted to do even worse." Dean pauses, shaking his head helplessly. "Can you love me?"
Castiel's smile widens. "I'm going to see if we can maybe stop at a music store, too. Not to buy anything, of course. Just to browse."
Just as the Dungeon Monitor is ushering people away, asking for some privacy for the dominant and his submissive, Dean catches sight of the submissive going completely lax in his bonds. The dominant quickly holds him up against his chest, lips moving as he murmurs what Dean is sure must be praise and reassurances, while someone who must be a friend helps cut the boy free.
Doing as told, Castiel flips to the back of the menu. He finds himself staring wide-eyed at it as it registers. 32 types of french toast. How is that even possible?
Clearly, he did something wrong. He messed up somewhere. Dean needs to figure out what the fuck happened and how he can fix it.
Dean’s never been happier than right this moment. It takes his breath away. Makes his head spin. He places a hand on Castiel’s cheek and stares down at him in awe. And, because Castiel is very clearly fast asleep, Dean lets himself confess, “I love you, Castiel.”
And just like that, the conversation shifts, attention leaving Castiel. His heart is still racing, his chest tight, so he sits back in his chair and focuses on breathing. Dean starts to pull his hand away, but Castiel grabs it and squeezes, a silent plea to keep it there. When he lets go, Dean starts to rub gentle circles through Castiel's jeans.
“A bunch of fucking vultures is what you all are,” Uncle Bobby growls before grabbing my hand and pulling me away from the man. I’m panting, despite the fact nothing really happened to me. Not directly. It seems like everyone just shouted and growled and glared around me,
“Besides,” Dean steps closer, his lips skimming the shell of Castiel’s ear. “All I care about is what you’re wearing underneath it all. And let me tell you, little whore, it’s gonna make you look awful pretty for me. Just you wait.”
Mouth suddenly very dry, Dean licks around the inside before darting the tip of his tongue between his lips. His voice is crackly and low when he speaks. He still can’t look at him. “Yes, M-” Dean hangs his head. Growls under his breath. It’s been two fucking years. Two fucking years and his instinct is still to kneel for this monster. To call
The words pull a pissed off growl from Dean's chest. "Don't you ever call yourself that again. You aren't a monster. It's not in your blood. You were taught from birth to be that person, but look how far you've come. If it was really in your blood, how would we be here right now?"
“When they told me that you deactivated it. My dad looked at me like I was fucking crazy when I broke down in the check-up room. The doctor told him it was probably relief.” Castiel, knowing where this is headed, says nothing. It takes Dean a minute of staring at the beer bottle, but he eventually finishes the thought. “I was devastated. You really wanted me gone. Gave me this fake ID, money, deactivated the chip permanently, all of it. You didn’t care if I fell off the face of the Earth. If you could never find me.”
"Dean, it's okay. I promise. I'm just glad you haven't run out of here screaming yet. Part of me worried you'd come back to yourself, say fuck this, and head out the door without a look back."
“Just Ash?” he asks far too casually, keeping his eyes on his keyboard despite the fact his hands aren’t moving.
"Be polite, boy. Look at me." Castiel obeys immediately. The blue of his eyes is barely visible with how blown his pupils are. "Now, look me in the eye and beg me for it."
“That’s it. That’s my good boy,” Dean coos. He curls his fingers and skims Castiel’s prostate, making Castiel jerk up off the bed as far as his restraints let him go. When he reaches his restraint’s limits, he falls back against the mattress, strength seeping out of his muscles until he feels like jelly.
This just makes Dean laugh again. He’s clearly amused. He’s also clearly not going to give Castiel what he’s asking for, which is frustrating as all hell.
“Good.” Dean tucks a finger beneath Castiel’s chin and raises it. Then he leans down and softly kisses him. For just a moment, the world slips away.
Castiel groans as he realizes what Dean wants him to do. He wants Castiel to finger himself. To… stretch himself. To put this in himself. The collar isn’t so bad, it’s not like anyone but Dean will see it, but the plug? The thought of having to lie on his back and work himself open is awful and humiliating and his cock is so painfully hard just at the thought that he thinks he could burst.
The man’s laugh is a slow, rumbling thing. It reminds Castiel of thunderstorms, far away entities that grow in volume and danger as they roll closer. His shirt is yanked forward, part of the fabric ripping. “You’re lucky the boss wants you for himself. But I’ll make sure to pass along the message, so he can deal with that attitude of yours properly.”
“Awful.” I scoot closer to the side of the bed near the door. He walks towards me, stopping when his knees hit the edge of the mattress. I can’t help but look up at him and admit, “Better now.”
"We both know that's not true. You are extremely important." Benny chuckles. "Besides, who knows, maybe one day you'll be more than just a vital component of the peace deal."
The threat is evident. It lingers in the air and wraps itself around Dean’s throat. He gently shakes his head, not wanting to talk in case it’d earn him more of a punishment.
I wake up to something hot and wet dripping down the sides of my cock and gasped, desperate, "I love you"s.
Jack starts to say something before stopping himself. He shakes his head. “That’s the alpha’s business. Just trust me on this, okay? I don’t want him. I won’t ever want him.”
“I just - I can’t yet, okay? I already told Dean this, but I can’t. Not yet. I - maybe one day. Maybe soon I’ll be able to talk about it, think about it, but I can’t, doc. I’m already doing too fucking much to try and hold myself and our relationship together. I can’t add more right now.”
Knowing Castiel could possibly be right, Dean admits to the one thing he’s terrified of. The one question in his mind that’s been poking and shaking and screaming and hitting for the past two years. “Maybe love isn’t enough, Cas.”
Castiel has trouble taking in his next breath. “What did I do wrong? How - how can I fix this? Tell me how to fix this.”
Dean chuckles. It’s low and throaty and just the sound of it nearly unravels him. He ends up whimpering when Dean sucks the spot again. “I want more than that, though. What does it
Just before asking him how he’s feeling, Dean stops himself. It’s an obvious answer anyway if he’s being realistic. His submissive is feeling terrible.
“Open,” Castiel orders as he scoops up more food with his fork. He places his hand beneath it as he lowers it to Dean in case anything falls. Dean tilts his chin up and parts his pretty pink lips in expectation. Once the fork is in his mouth, he closes around it and pulls back, leaving Castiel with a clean fork sitting in the open air. “Good boy.”
"Which is exactly what I'm about to teach you too." He said and then took his dough, several steps back, and then gave it a toss into the air. With the flick of his wrist the whole thing was spinning and gaining air quickly. With expert fingers he caught it on the downspin. "Ha! Just like that! You ready?"
At the market Castiel made his usual rounds and introduced Claire to everyone. Benny fell in love with her immediately and made her laugh by pretending to make the fish talk.
He glanced over when Dean sauntered back up to Claire and started to mix the noodles together with the sauce he'd heated up.
Claire finally looked at him and stared him down, glaring the entire time before finally getting up and stomping over to the taxi. She slammed the door shut behind her before Castiel had a chance to get in
Dean froze and raised an eyebrow at that and then realized he'd been talking to Miracle. Thankfully in time before he said anything else embarrassing in response.
He grabbed a book he'd been meaning to read, one that Jimmy had bought him, and he opted for leaning up against the door to his room. It wasn't cheating if he never actually left the room, so if he just happened to hear their conversations then so be it. Maybe hey could figure out what they were doing if he listened hard enough.
It was when the sunlight came in and hit Castiel's eyes when he finally woke back up. He glanced over at the clock and cursed.
“Oh, right.” Castiel said and made a show of going back up the stairs to his own unit. He opened the door and then waited several moments before slamming it shut to make it sound like he’d run inside to grab whatever it was he was lying about forgetting.
The husband’s face flushed red in anger. He dramatically picked up his napkin and threw it down on the table. “That’s it, we’re taking our service elsewhere. Come on, babe, let's go.”
After the bell pepper mishap Claire helped cut up other vegetables and Dean showed her how to make a homemade pizza sauce.
Some of the nights Claire was Dean's taste tester while other nights they were dance partners having dance offs to all of Dean's classic rock. Castiel still could do without the noise, but found himself rather fond of their moments together. Maybe the music wasn't so bad after all, he thought.
“I hope we don’t run out of lobster.” Anna joked from Castiel’s side. She knew he had the hook ups down at the docks, and she figured a bit of light humour might help lift the mood everyone was in.
The first night went by uneventful. The biggest thing they both did was get ready for the funeral that would follow the next day.
That was the final thing Castiel saw before he turned around and left the restaurant. He’d had enough and could only take so much. If Balthazar was going to hire someone new, so be it. That didn't mean Castiel had to like this new guy.
Dean blamed his heart speeding up at the sight of the smile on Castiel's face purely coincidental since he had just taken a nasty fall down the stairs.
Jo did her best to placate him by apologizing and promising to bring his wife out a fresh foie gras.
He laughed as he picked it up, "yeah sure you are kiddo." He took it to the sink to rinse off before handing it back.
Dean opened the note to find a phone number scribbled down and a winky face drawn haphazardly next to it. He beamed at Cas when he looked back up.
!" He yelled as his entire body hit the stairs and he slid down several more. He groaned more from the embarrassment of having a witness than from the fall itself. Though the sudden blooming of pain was the next thing he noticed when he tried to move.
“Coming, er, going….I...forgot something.” He said lamely and pointed over his shoulder with his thumb up to where his front door was.
Castiel had been to many therapists growing up, however Rowena took the cake when it came to having a flamboyant personality that was just threatening enough to demand his respect the moment he walked in the door. So instead of writing her off he had caved and had given her the time and day during their first intake session, and the rest was history. The fact he had lasted several months was proof enough she worked magic in mysterious ways.
"I want you to take a week off." Balthazar said in a level and calm voice. He reached out and placed a firm hand on Castiel's knee. "That's not a suggestion, that's an order."
“That’s a reminder for all of you,” Castiel started and let his gaze land on Jo and the other server who walked into the kitchen. “Don’t forget the garnishes.”
Dean couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up at that. Miracle started twirling in circles and wagged his tail. He took the offered beer and moved back to the couch. Cas placed his own beer on the side table and pointed to the walk in closet off to the side.
“Well for starters he wanted me to move in with him.” Castiel said as though that was answer enough. He snorted at the memory.
"Claire please it was an accident. Will you get up and come with me? We can talk more at home." He looked back over his shoulder to the cab driver who looked somewhat impatient.
Back at the apartment Castiel found take out on the floor outside of his door with a note and chopsticks taped to it.
Balthazar studied his face and eventually nodded. He walked up and placed a strong reassuring hand on Castiel's shoulder and gave a friendly squeeze before dropping it. He headed back out to the meeting after that and left Castiel alone to start prep work for the night.
They both got quiet after that just listening to the sounds of the fireplace crackle and pop as the last of the embers burned. Cas felt the need to do something, anything, to keep that moment going.
"Jimmy, your dad, he wanted to make sure that you were taken care of in case of…” He trailed off at the thought and swallowed thickly. “Well he made sure that you would be taken care of and asked me to be your guardian."
As though also becoming aware of the fact he was still holding on to Castiel's shoulders, Dean jerked his hands away.
"Hey I helped for most of it too!" Claire protested from her spot next to the fireplace. She yawned through her words. It was starting to get late and the days events were starting to have their impact on the small girl.
"You know Romans used to chew on basil before prom to help get rid of bad breath." Dean said and winked at Claire. He set the bowl down next to her and stood up properly.
At first they heard him. The low rumble of his car could be heard several blocks away. Castiel had been surprised to see Dean step out of the classic chevy Impala and found himself adding one more thing interesting about the man. Not that he was keeping track.
"Ok professional prep cook, let's see those skills we've been practicing." He handed Claire some of the bell peppers he'd brought along with one of his knives.
Castiel finally found the truffles, retrieved them from the trash, and put them back in the box Sergei had given him.
That night he slept with visions of his childhood. He dreamt of being a boy and adventuring in the garden of their childhood home with Jimmy. Bees were floating in and out of his vision, all swirling around to create a halo like vision around his twin.
Dean never thought he would find himself living in an old apartment building across from a church, let alone one that was downtown in the city, and with a dog no less. Well the dog he could see, it was more so the city life he hadn't been expecting. Growing up in rural Kansas left him imagining the rest of his life in an old farmhouse on a nice plot of land.
"I do want to make sure that you're ok though." Cas said from directly behind him causing Dean to jump.
Dean looked at those bright blue eyes and couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up. "Was that a joke on his name?"
Castiel felt a cold shiver run down his spine and managed to maintain his polite smile through it all.
He called the hospital to get an update on Claire and was told that she should be cleared to check out later that week depending on how her injuries continued to heal.
Dean sat back and took in his surroundings some more. The building they lived in was old with wood floors. Cas used an area rug to separate the space visually and created the effect of having a small living room off to the side away from his bed. The bed in question was a daybed with a full size mattress.
Dean padded down the hall towards the bathroom and opened the door. Right as Castiel was entering from where it connected to his room.
"Yeah and he wears hot dog print chef pants and likes to serenade the staff while holding raw quail." Castiel said dead panned.
They continued on, telling stories about the first time they ate pineapple on pizza, to the first time Dean learned how to throw pizza dough in the air.
One of those people included Benny Lafitte. At first Castiel didn’t care too much for him, until he proved to be the best at getting any special request that Castiel had when it came to fish. That particular week was the golden tilefish.
"He's got great recommendations and could have been a head chef at the new italian restaurant opening up over on 6th--"
Dean deflated. Logically he knew it had nothing to do with him and more so with the fact that the guy literally just met him, but he couldn't help the disappointment from gracing his features.
At some point Balthazar had told him that he should work on his “people skills,” and had him agree to go to therapy after one too many staff had gone to him in tears begging for something to change. Castiel wasn’t sure why it was such a big deal. As long as the food was cooked to perfection and the customer was happy, he didn’t see why he needed to be in therapy. Though he would rather not have that argument with his friend again.
As they reached the front doors Castiel called out to her, "Tell them it's my fault you're late!" And then she was inside.
Cas huffed a laugh. "Bed rest would be your best bet." His eyes flicked over to his bed off to the opposite side of the room and then back to Dean. "Observation to make sure there's no concussion."
"No, no I'll leave." Castiel shook his head amused and then began backing into his room once more. Before closing the door fully he added, "oh and Dean? Thank you."
Castiel was just about to head down the stairs and out to his therapy session when his downstairs neighbour decided to make his way back from wherever he’d been. He tried desperately to make it back into the safety of his unit before being spotted. As luck would have it...
Claire excitedly got to unpacking her stuffed animals. It was the first time in the few weeks since the accident that Castiel finally saw a real smile on his niece's face.
Cas scooted so that he could tuck his knees in to get more comfortable. In doing so he somehow managed to get himself even closer to Dean. Their knees bumped together but neither moved away so Cas figured it was ok.
"Yeah she's totally passed out. Here let me get her." Dean scooted his way over on his knees to where Claire was curled up. He gently picked her up and grabbed her favourite stuffed animal as he stood.
Was he excited? Sure, because Claire was excited. But he was scared to analyze his feelings further than that. Which is why changing the sheets on his bed sounded more pleasant than dealing with feelings.
Everything seemed to move in slow motion then. Castiel didn’t register dropping the phone, or running out of the kitchen to the back where his jacket was located. It didn’t register until he was halfway to the hospital that he wasn’t in the kitchen anymore.
Castiel shook his head assuming it was Jimmy calling to tell him they were late. “If it’s my brother, tell him I’m busy right now and I’ll call him back.”
“I guess I just thought… that Castiel had made you happier. It was part of the reason I hated him so much.”
Castiel presses a kiss to his temple, sending happy fluttery feelings through Dean. Then he ruins the feelings by asking, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Then I need you to come downstairs.” I tense, raising my chin to openly glare at the man that’s my father and my alpha. I’m willing to fight over this. He doesn’t give me the chance. “Anna will watch him for a moment. You and I need to talk. You’re smart enough to know that. Then you can go back to your omega.”
Dean pauses, his fingertips resting just beside one of Castiel’s nipples. “Are you asking if I met a guy there? Like if I had sex?”
Dean wonders what it would feel like to be looked at with a different kind of worry. The worry one would have for the man they love. The worry Dean feels when he looks at Castiel.
Not when sir bends him over the side of the bed and tells him to keep his head up so he doesn't ruin all of the stylist's hard work on his hair. Not when sir preps him
He forgets about the whole after-midnight-thing until Dean answers with a foggy voice and a slurred, “Hello?”
to bring Castiel to the masquerade ball this weekend as his date. His fiance. His future husband. He wants to connect Castiel to the Winchester name. He wants to be associated with him. He wants to show him off. Display him. It's a strange feeling. One Castiel is still trying to adjust to.
“After a nap,” Jimmy reminds him, because now that he’s starting to feel normal, and hopeful, and like maybe he could one day be happy, the exhaustion is hitting him hard.
Before his frustration can turn into fear that Castiel abandoned him, Castiel picks up the pinwheel and begins drawing patterns with it along Dean's skin. He applies just enough pressure to color the skin along his thigh and Dean gasps, his head thrown back as he absorbs the dull pain. Castiel moves the wheel along Dean's groin, just missing his cock and balls by an inch, at the same time as he takes Dean's right nipple into his mouth.
Dean grabs ten or so feet of rope and brings it over to Castiel, beginning to wind the course material around the boy’s body without explaining what he’s doing. He makes sure that every knot he needs to add for stability is placed right against a red spot from where he whipped the clothespins off of the boy. The rope digs in hard enough to make his flat stomach bulge a little on each side of the lines. Castiel is breathing ragged, but staying silent.
Before Dean can decide what to do, Castiel casually eases his mind by mentioning, "I mentioned I'd be bringing my boyfriend Dean in today, but I suppose I should formally introduce you two, hey? Dean, this is Missouri. Missouri, this is my boyfriend Dean."
“Hello,” Castiel says quietly, his voice so much warmer and kinder than it was a moment before. It feels like the sound gently strokes along my skin. Goosebumps erupt all over my body.
By the time Castiel is dressed in his first option, both men can't even make eye contact. The tailor mumbles that they should show Mr. Winchester and opens the door for Castiel to exit the room. Castiel curls his hands into fists to hide the fact that they're shaking and walks into the little sitting area.
here? I know I said you could, but it," Castiel looks down, tugging at the sweatshirt string with his free hand. "I just didn't like it."
Dean wraps his arms tight around himself. A tear falls down one cheek. “I just - he - he caught me off guard. I thought - it - it felt like - he - he -” Dean’s words melt into an incoherent sob just as Castiel’s resolve evaporates. He hurries forward, wrapping the boy up in his arms and holding him close. Dean’s hands fist the fabric of his shirt, still trembling as he holds on for dear life.
“Good.” I nip at the opposite cheek as before, making him laugh. It’s such a goddamn beautiful sound.
Dean stares. "When did he tell you all that?" He'd known Emma had been pestering Cas with questions, but he hadn't realised Cas had actually been
Emma nods. She thinks about Jody coming home after her shift to find her gone. Then she thinks of the kinds of things she'll need to know how to do to get her Dad back. "Teach me."
He tracks Sam down to his bedroom and relays the conversation to him, along with his belief that someone or something is altering Dean's mind. It doesn't take any more than that for Sam to follow him back into the library, despite vacating it a scant five minutes ago.
At least whatever Charlie's learned from the New Orleans Bunker will probably be interesting, and they might find enough down time to watch some more old cult TV shows. It'll be good to be likened to a vampire slayer rather than a monster again, and she won't miss the constant suspicious glances, some of which even come from her dad since he saw her brand. Since she told them about Crowley.
talk to Dean that way," Cas almost bellows. Dean's not sure he's ever seen him quite this angry, and he's seen Cas really freakin' angry.
Emma raises a hand in an awkward wave. Dean's absurdly proud that she's stayed in control enough that she looks completely human.
"You keep asking that like my answer's going to change," Sam says. "Just let it go. Neither of us is gonna change our minds."
Dean clenches his hand around his mug. How dare she? Cas has worn himself through taking care of Jimmy and his family while this bitch only turned up to the funerals. He glances at Jack's fast-flushing face and makes a concerted effort to keep his voice level. "Okay, I think maybe we should all just take a breath here."
"Maybe." Emma looks him over. He's not been this neutral since long before the Lucifer hallucinations got bad. "I also have a really good memory, and my senses are a little better than the average person. I might heal a little faster, too, but I'm not sure on that one. I'm not any more durable than a regular human, that's for sure." She scowls as she remembers some of the nastier cuts and bruises from her training.
That thought in mind, he sets about cleaning the kitchen and lounge top to bottom and checking all the babyproofing is intact and in place. He's halfway through pulling the couch out to hoover under it when Cas makes his rumpled appearance.
"To love and to cherish," Dean says, still quiet in the face of Jack's crying and Crowley's yelling, and Dad's smug voice reciting Miranda rights. "'Til death do we part. This is my solemn vow."
"Yeah," Dean agrees softly. He knows Cas hadn't counted on ever getting out of Purgatory. He's pretty sure Cas saw the whole thing as some kind of penance for all the shit he pulled, and he doesn't know how to convince him that he deserves to be out. Dean's been there and he still doesn't know. Instead he sticks his courage to the screwing place, or... wait, that's not... whatever. He pulls himself together and leans down across the table to catch Cas's eye. "Are you sticking around?"
Jody shoves a plate onto the table in front of Emma and sits down accross from her with an expectant expression.
"You've been... uncharacteristically affectionate today," Castiel continues. "I wasn't sure whether to say something or not."
Sam cuts off as he catches sight of Emma. Takes in the piles of kids clothes and toys and books scattered around the room.
Dean's been far too tactile all day. At first it was barely noticeable. They were all touches he gives out regularly anyway, just with greater frequency. A hand to the shoulder here, a nudge in the side there, an arm pressed close to Castiel's as they did the dishes together after lunch. Castiel had been enjoying it far too much to question it. But as the day wore on, the touches didn't slow. When they did a cursory search for hunts in the area, Dean leaned over him while he got some practise using Google, arms propped up on either side of Castiel as he pressed in close and gave advice that rumbled almost directly down Castiel's ear. When Kevin offered to make dinner (an incredibly rare occurrence, and usually one Dean would encourage despite the mediocre food), Dean waved him off and volunteered himself and Castiel, then spent the whole time brushing Castiel's arms as they worked, pressing in behind him for a few moments to check he was preparing the vegetables correctly, physically moving Castiel around the kitchen as he wanted with a gentle hold on his shoulders.
"Sure." Emma climbs into bed. She doesn't lie down yet. "Are you, though? Going to send me back to Jody's?"
He pulls her into his arms. It's strange how every time he holds her she's changed so much since the last time, but it always feels the same. His baby girl, warm in his arms. And he never thought he'd be a sap about this crap, but he wouldn't trade her for anything, amazon or no. "You're a Winchester." It's not the most touching, reassuring thing he could have said, but it's true. And to him it's all that matters anymore.
Dean doesn't speak for a long moment, and Castiel begins to believe that the spell will erase his memory before he says another word.
Lawyers are expensive. Dean knows Cas has blown through his and the Novak's savings on medical bills and funeral arrangements, there's no way he can hire someone good enough to go up against his rich bitch sister. Cas has to know that, too.
Sam finally turns, and it's not anger or apathy in his eyes as he frowns, brow furrowing under his stupid long hair. "I know. But I've got to try." He sighs, repeats, "I can't keep doing this, Dean."
As if Dean would be sat here with a valid marriage license if he wasn't serious. Between getting the shit together for the application, going down to the courthouse with Cas to fill it out, and then waiting three days before he could pick it up, he's had plenty of opportunity to back out if he was going to. Instead he has an appointment to taste wedding cakes at a local bakery with Claire when they're finished here. They may not be having a big princess wedding, but according to Claire that's no excuse for shoddy catering. Dean thinks she probably just wants to eat five different kinds of cake for lunch.
Dean shrugs. They're all pretty good but to be honest he's always been more of a pie man. "What do you think Cas would like?"
"It's not a curse," Sam tells him, sounding like he's about to break some sensitive news. "It's a blessing. Or it was supposed to be. The wiccans wanted to reward Dean for helping their friend pass on."
Great. Time for Sam's speech about the sanctity of marriage or something. Dean sighs. "Why? You got another one?"
Somehow that doesn't faze Dean as much as Castiel talking did. He reaches over and steals Castiel's beer, taking a sip before putting it down out of the way. He then takes hold of Castiel's hand and starts to play with his fingers. "I, um, I'm not really sure how this goes," Dean admits. "It's been awhile since... Well, I've never really done... this before. Not-not really."
He can't make any promises there. Kevin's a prophet, the only one left as far as Dean's aware, and who knows what crap is heading their way. But he can promise this: "We get you settled in, then were gone."
They'd rolled into the bunker around eleven in the morning, having taken a couple of leisurely days to drive back in what Dean enthusiastically called a road trip. Sam didn't seem to agree with that assessment, but rolled his eyes and flickered half smiles every time Dean stopped at a local attraction.
Sam and Castiel pause, exchanging glances. Sam continues on towards his brother. "Cas told me what's going on. I think we should maybe have a talk. See what else, if anything, has been altered, and try to work out who could be doing this."
Jody had been teaching her self defense so she's not starting completely from scratch, but Jody had never known Emma's true capabilities. She doesn't know Emma isn't human, though Emma's sure she suspects. Dad told her never to tell anyone what she is, and she never has. So here, now, training with other girls like her, as strong as her, Emma struggles to keep up. These girls were raised doing this, not eating birthday cake and watching Star Trek reruns.
"Kiddo, I promise you, I ain't leavin' you behind, okay?" Dean tells her. "I don't like this any more'n you do."
After three repetitions of the 'you and Cas aren't together and never have been' talk, it becomes apparent that whatever has affected Dean's mind is still actively affecting it and won't allow his belief that he and Castiel are a couple to be undermined. As soon as the conversation ends, he forgets they've had it at all and goes straight back to acting as though Castiel is his significant other.
"Good. She's good. Only good things to say about you, kiddo," Dad reassures somewhat half-heartedly. "Don't think she'll be volunteering for babysitting duty again any time soon, though."
"We are a real family!" Claire yells, startling the baby who stops his wobbly bouncing and looks up with wide blue eyes to watch. Luckily he's used to Claire's teen angst and her outburst doesn't seem to scare him.
"Surround myself? I'm not surrounded by anything," Dean argues. One vampire friend and one monster daughter does not make him surrounded. Sam's just being a dramatic little bitch. "What's this really about?"
Dean rests on the forest floor as close to Cas as he can get away with without getting a raised eyebrow from Benny. He doesn't mean to fall asleep, though god knows he needs it, every moment of Purgatory existing in that same dingy glow of light and danger as they trudge endlessly onwards, but he's only human. He thinks.
Jody's lips thin like she knows Emma isn't telling her the whole truth, but she doesn't press the issue.
Dean starts to shake his head. "No. No, we've not been near anything with the power to do that in months! I'm not- Cas, I'm not crazy. I'm not making this up. I don't know what the hell's going on here, but you and me? That's real. I know it is."
"No..." Crowley says after fifteen minutes of negotiation, narrowing his eyes as he looks her over. It doesn't sound like a rejection of terms, though. "Hang on. You're not... You're not a
"My problem?" Sam says, flinging his arms wide like the drama queen he is. "She's not human, Dean. She was born to kill, that's what she's built for. You're the one who's always said a monster is a monster. You're the one who always says we have to put them down. You killed Amy-"
"God, no, Dean," Sam says, hand raising to tangle into his stupidly long hair. "It wasn't like that."
"It's not forever," Dean tries. "And Jody's good people. You'll like hanging out with her. We need to do this, and I can't be worrying about you while we do."
"Don't look like that, I'm not tryin' to get all mushy on ya," Jo grumbles. "I just want you to have fun and all the good stuff, and not just iron Cas' shirts all day."
Cas remains staring through to the front door until they hear Naomi's car start, then he slumps and turns to Dean. "I apologise. But this buys us some time, at least, while Naomi rethinks how to present her case. I... I'll figure something out."
“Fucking hell, Benny.” Dean sits up in the bed, wiping a hand down his face. He looks over his shoulder at Castiel’s sleeping body. Something settles inside him at the confirmation that his boy is safe and okay.
Blue eyes flick up at him, eyebrows pulling in as Castiel frowns. “I know you well enough to know that’s a no, Dean.”
Castiel just grits his teeth and looks away. He’s so fucking sick of being told what’s best for him. The minute he made that mistake at sixteen, the minute he woke up in that hospital bed, the doctor telling him he failed, Castiel’s life has been controlled. It’s as if Castiel’s father thought that, if he added enough security, and kept Castiel locked up, and made every decision without even consulting Castiel, his depression and anxiety would go away. It didn’t matter that three different doctors told him Castiel’s issues were very much
An open book is squished beneath Castiel’s cheek. Dean leans down, hoping to sneak the book away and cover the boy with a blanket, when Castiel startles. Holding his breath, Dean looks up to see if the boy woke up. He’s met with two huge blue eyes staring at him in fear. If Dean weren’t frozen, he’d move to respect Castiel’s personal space. Unfortunately for Dean, he’s frozen.
