nice.
All the honey jars are unpacked now, and Dean wanders back to his own booth, sending finger guns Cas’ way while walking backwards.
bread?” he questions.
Cas reaches out with his hand again, fingers to pulse point. Dean’s whole world narrows down to himself and the person currently opposite him. Cas’ hand is a steady pressure, something that’s real.
Making his way to the couch, he places one hand on Dean’s shoulder, rubbing his thumb at the seam of the well-worn t-shirt. Dean mumbles, pushing Cas away and leaning further into the couch.
Cas would think that Dean hates the cold as much as he does, except the flannels are never buttoned. It doesn’t make sense!
“That’s why we have this.” He’s so proud of himself. “C’mon, let’s go.”
And he’s never coming back. There aren’t even ashes left.
“Cas, buddy, we all know what happened with the jars. You really want another FUBAR situation with broken glass around your booth?” Dean raises his head and looks at Cas. His green eyes seem more emerald in this lighting.
Are the answers worth this?
Cas could—possibly, very likely—stay kissing Dean for the rest of his life.
It takes her a while for her vision to stop swimming and figure out who they are. Green eyes, freckles.
Dean draws Cas in close, slinging an arm over the beekeeper’s shoulders. Cas freezes, but Dean is marching them back out to the parking lot and next to a big, black car.
After puttering around and cleaning up what was supposed to be breakfast, Cas moves over to his honey bucket to restock his jar supply. The motions are soothing in their repetition and Cas falls into a lull. Untwist the cap, fill the jar through the double sieve. It’s quiet work, but something he enjoys.
They stare at each other for a long minute, disappointment in Jess’ face and a pleading look in Dean’s. Jess shakes her head. This isn’t worth the ghosts in the room.
Shaking her head, she turns to look out the window, resting her head against the cool glass. Jess hears Dean clear his throat.
And that—four months to the day—that is when Jack tells him how to save Cas.
“Cas—Cas, take it easy, buddy.”
Sam—well, Sam is gone. He’s gone. Jess had come back from a midnight snack run to find Sam pinned to the ceiling. All she can remember is the hot lick of flames and hands pulling her out the collapsing door. And, and there’s nothing left. Not anymore.
It's only now that Jess realizes that she’s run out in her pajamas. She looks down at her hands, expecting them to be bloody.
So Dean says yes.
Cas’ heart is beating so loudly he can hear it thudding in his ears. Both from the fall and the fact that, well, Dean Winchester is holding him. Holding him. Present tense. He scrambles to push himself away—anything to make it less embarrassing—but he’s met with a firm grip and a low voice.
When Cas asks Dean, this is what he means. And still, there is nothing, only what can pass as silent glances between the two of them.
A clatter of plates brings their attention to the side of the booth; the waitress is there, juggling their food. Dean rises halfway to help her.
The gold veneer glints when the light hits it, making Dean shy away for a minute.
Eyes burning, he blinks away the tears blurring his vision. He remembers—he remembers bits and fragments.
Dean’s mouth goes dry. “Yeah?”
The words are past her lips before she can stop them. “So if you hunt monsters, why didn’t you stop the one that killed Sam?”
She cups the back of his head as he closes his eyes, relishing the contact. Dean can feel her staring at him.
He just—he just wanted everyone to be okay. To be safe.
The banging wakes him up, body jackknifing in an attempt to be alert. Only after a few seconds does he shake his head and roll down the window.
“It’s nice. I like it.”
It’s the last thing they say to each other for the night.
“I—” Dean hesitates, “I wanted to make sure you were safe.”
. What he wanted to say was,
“Do you not trust me, Dean Winchester? Is your faith in me that shaken? After all we’ve been through?”
Neither one of them acknowledges that he’s going to Eileen. And while Dean’s happy that Sam got his happy ending, he can’t ignore this gaping maw inside of him. It twists inside of him, leaving him heavy-limbed, slow. Like he’s underwater.
“There’s nothing to talk about.” Dean doesn’t look at Cas; instead, he moves to his bed, fiddling with the bedspread. His heart is pounding so loud he’s afraid the angel can hear it.
There’s something different about the room then—it’s almost like Cas can hear Dean’s mind whirring.
He is not, however, expecting to be met with a chest and strong arms wrapping around him.
It’s funny, this bereftness. Dean has never believed in angels. Never believed in them watching over him. Dean believes in ancestors. It’s one of the reasons he’s clung so heavily to Mary, completing rituals with no incense and scattered rice. His ancestors protect him.
His hands grab for the bread of their own accord, breaking into the crust with an audible crack.
She remembers how Sam would skirt around the question, answer just the basics. hesitantly, Jess reaches out a hand to touch a gun. It's shockingly cold.
It feels normal. Feels right. Feels like he should have been here all along.
At this point, he thinks perhaps throwing himself off a cliff is a good measure. However, that’s not an option. So he avoids Dean’s gaze instead.
The honey is stacked in crystal-clear jars, and if the sun hits it just right, everything fractures to leave a soft warm glow on the table. The beekeeper smiles softly. This, this is what he loves about being at the market. This is what makes it special.
The baker starts to move away, hands slipping from Cas’. Almost immediately, Cas misses the warmth. He wants it back.
“California.”
An angel, saving him. Yet again.
Castiel is frozen, hands at his side. He lets out an awkward splutter. “Dean?” he tries again.
The memory stings, like so many things do. But Dean looks at Sam, then at the bowl of rice on the floor. At how he’s created something from fragments. And, god, yes he might have bastardized it, but
Cas whispers into his chest, so quietly Dean thinks he imagines it, "Surrender isn't always bad, my friend." Dean doesn't say anything, doesn't tell him how weird it is to call somebody 'friend' after fucking their brains out. He thinks, instead, how Cas knows him better than he knows himself. How he likes the look of the makeshift surrender flag on the carpet. How he likes Cas' hand filling the brand he left. How good the angel's weight feels on top of him.
“Jesus, Cas.”
He turned to Cas. “So, what do you get the angel who has everything, huh?” He laughed, but wasn’t joined by the other two. Dean paused, once again reminded that Sam and he had never discussed him and Cas.
“No. Dean, I was trying to tell you. I don’t find the idea of intercourse with a stranger appealing.” Cas sighed, cradling his shot glass in his hands as if it were a flower.
Cas stared at the white wall to Dean’s left, as if answers might appear written on it. He looked lost, and Dean reached up, found his hand and squeezed it. Dean didn’t want to make Cas unhappy. Just when he was on the verge of dropping it, Cas said, “If we’re going to do this, I think it should be somewhere special.” Dean’s eyes went wide with surprise, but he uttered a quick nod.
He was silent for a moment. Then, his voice cracked like he hadn't used it for months as he tried out, "Cas."
There's this tension between them. It's like electricity, binding them together. A profound bond, Cas called it once, and Dean can't help but agree. It draws them to each other, keeps Cas coming back to him through blood and scars, and it makes Dean's heart beat against his chest for what he tells himself are unfathomable reasons. Sometimes, when he's alone, the handprint on his arm aches, and he'll pray to Cas, just because for some reason that makes the aching stop.
He came to me the night before the attack. His eyes were so soft that for a moment, I thought it might be 2009 Dean out for a walk. I wasn't sure how much that Dean knew, and so I said everything I could without explaining me and Dean to him per say. But no - it was my Dean, tonight. He thought maybe 2009 Dean could change things - he had hope that maybe, just maybe, all his perceived wrongs could be righted. I didn't care. We would die tomorrow, maybe take the Devil with us, but I wouldn't take it back.
Damn, if it wasn’t fun. He couldn’t hear Cas laughing, but he could feel the angel’s shoulders shaking. It was cold, and the wind rushed in his ears and over his cheekbones. They were going fast. Man, it had been too long since he did this. The trees rushed by in a blur; he was concentrating on the two lane asphalt in front of him. Cas’ body was pushed close against him, with leather as the only real buffer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come for me, Cas, I wanna see you come.” Dean murmured into him, jamming a fourth finger into him and listening to him cry out.
Blue Oyster Cult - Burning For You
Cas walked hesitantly into the square of golden light left by the window. “Man, this song may be about some girl, but it always just… I dunno, makes me smile I guess.”
Reasons for Waiting, by Jethro Tull
“Dean, I can’t come back with you guys,” Sam said while he opened his second beer.
Cas frowns.
“Of my soul?” Dean asked blankly.
You Shook Me All Night Long, by Ac/Dc
A soft flutter of wings sounded through the room, starting up a cacophony in Dean’s chest. He jumped to his feet and saw Cas, in his ugly trench-coat and all his glory, before him. Dean froze. The irrational thought that if he moved, Cas might fly away again, like a startled bird, bubbled up. Maybe it was the way Cas was leaning to one side, or how he wouldn’t meet Dean’s eyes, or –
For a moment, Dean could see the hurt flash onto Cas’ face, rendering it placid with shock. It was gone just as quickly, and Cas reached up, taking Dean by the shoulders. Dean’s vision went blurry as Cas shook him once, hard. “You don’t understand. You’re reckless,” Cas mutters bitterly. “So fucking reckless.” Cas’ mouth twists, and he tries to compose himself. “You’re human, Dean. Mortal. You can’t just…”
Cas is blinking at him, eyes an unfamiliar silver. “You saved me,” he says.
When Dean finally turned around, Cas was standing there, practically naked without his trenchcoat, staring at him with those baby blues, a question rising up in them. Saying something like, ‘What now? What, after everything I said? Everything you said? Everything we felt in the silence? What now?’
“Right.” Dean stood still, running a hand through his hair. Cas gazed up at him steadily. He had to admit, at this point he was used to waking up to Cas staring at him. There was just something curiously domestic about the way he now read a book while at it. Whatever. “So, uh, what happened last night?” He finally ventured.
Sam raised his head to glare briefly.
“No,” Cas growled behind him. Dean’s cock jumped at the low sound, and he remembered then that Cas was a fucking angel. Probably the most dangerous creature on earth. Dean laughed, and Cas kissed his neck. A third finger. Dean bucked his hips. “You’re not ready,” Cas added, more gently.
“I don’t understand your preoccupation with breast size,” Cas said, turning something over in his hands.
Dean slept for a while, pinned under Cas’ comforting weight and he woke up in the middle of the afternoon grinning like an idiot. Cas was still out cold. Dean gave a small sigh of satisfaction. That had been the night of his life. And, from gauging the destruction of the room, it had been for Cas too. It was a frickin’ miracle his guns hadn’t all gone off while they were having sex.
“Doesn’t sound like a half bad way to die,” Dean said quietly.
“Dean,” Cas broke away, a little breathless. “I didn’t finish. And I believe it’s customary to have an exchange of rings.”
“Everything.” Dean repeated numbly, his mind falling desperately into the gutter.
“CAS?!” He called, sitting upright in bed. What if the Empty had taken him back?
“They’re cassettes,” Dean said, and mentally hit himself in the forehead. Of course Cas knew what cassettes were. “One of them’s blank, so you can put whatever songs you want on it. I’ll show you how. The other one has a mix on it. I thought, uh…” He swallowed. Cas considered the two cassettes curiously, nestled together in the bottom of the box as they were. There was a third item, in the corner. Cas picked it up, turning it over in his hands carefully. Dean told himself to get a grip. He was worse than a boy bringing flowers on a first date. Finally, the realization dawned on Cas, and the smile that broke free was like the sun.
“How is that a problem?” The words came hoarse, needier than he’d intended.
like a tiny hummingbird, but he could only gasp against Cas’ lips and drink him in, one glorious, boundless
He could feel Cas' glistening eyes on him, turning the suggestion over in his mind. "No."
Cas gasped.
. This time, though, Dean flushed bright red.
“Everywhere,” Dean repeated.
“I know I probably don’t qualify.”
His respite ended shortly after. It was like Sam knew he'd been drinking and oh, look, here came the intervention. "Dean." His brother sat down gingerly on the edge of the table across the bed. Dean wondered numbly if it might crack. It looked flimsy. "It's been three weeks." Funny how that last week had slipped down the sink drain of selfloathing and scotch. "Here's the thing. Cas only has a fraction of his original grace. And who knows what Lucifer did to him while he was possessed. It could just be taking him longer to... Recharge his batteries than normal." Dean nodded dumbly. "Dean..." Sam trailed off. "There's another possibility."
Dean and Cas watch the autumn leaves.
“Good.” Dean said abruptly. “Are you less pissed off now?”
“What you’re doing, y’know, it’s a good thing.” Dean stopped stock still. “Showing him how you live. Survive, I guess.” Sam smiled gently, waiting for Dean to speak. When he didn’t, Sam asked. “He knows this isn’t the only way to be human, right?”
“Joshua. The dude from the Garden?” Dean asked.
"He's not gonna be home, is he?" Dean said sadly. "He'd better be OK. If he's not OK, I'mma gonna kill him." He slurred, not very coherent after all the brandy.
Dean swore. Hot ecstasy was pooling in his stomach, begging for release. He knew he couldn’t hold back any more, hot with Cas’ rough thrusts inside him and the way Cas jerked him off. “Cas,” Dean growled. His eyes went wide. He could see wing shadows underneath him He blinked in confusion, almost distracted by the building anticipation in his groin. And fuck, he could feel feathers curling around him, holding him. Cas’ wings were not quite here, but not quite there either. Dean loved seeing the shadows, because those familiar black outlines meant that Cas was losing control, letting part of his true form through.
Dean was still thinking over Cas’ response when he looked over and laughed. “They do it when they’re bored.”
John Denver - Annie's Song
The buzzing in his chest got more intense, and Dean whispered, “I love you.”
Cas stared at where their knees brushed. “They made me relive every death I had ever caused. It took a long time.”
-” Cas broke off, turning and offering Dean a smile.
Cas looked firmly up into his eyes. “Dean. It was justice. For all the people I’ve killed. It was hell, absolute hell, which I
Alcohol pumped through his system, making everything buzz deliciously. Cas smelled like whiskey and rain, and it was only then that Dean realized he didn't normally smell like whiskey, but he always smelled like rain. Funny. Dean grasped Cas' cock, and jacked him hard and fast. Cas let out a strangled moan, and he could feel how close the angel was. How close they both were. The angel was so tight and wet, and Dean could hardly stand it. Cas' muscles started to clench, and Dean whispered in his ear, "Wait for me, angel." The nickname came naturally now.
Sam wondered if Cas had told Dean what they’d talked about the night he’d left for the Island, when Cas had taken him to the port. He thought probably not, but was still undecided if he should tell him. When Dean was silent, he spoke up. “I’m glad, Dean. I’m happy for you. And Cas, too.”
“Shut up.”
Cas stroked the side of his jaw. “I would greatly like to make more.”
. Hot waves of bliss rolled through him with every hard, rough thrust, and he moaned and swore and still Cas held him, fucking him and milking him for every last cry of pleasure. Dean’s eyes were squeezed shut, and there was nothing, nothing except his angel. As he came back to his senses, back to the ground, he knew Cas must be wearing that over-sexed half smile behind his back while he pressed kisses along the hunter’s spine. Cas was still thrusting inside of him, and it was more than Dean could take. His prostate was unbearably sensitive, the helpless pleasure as Cas still struck it unbelievable. He didn’t want this to end, either, but he thought he might be about to pass out, Cas’ firm grip the only thing holding him up.
“I…” Dean stared up. When had the sky turned red? When had the sun set? It was jaw-dropping, sending red tints all throughout Cas’ hair.
Cas sighed as he rocked back and forth on Dean’s dick. Dean could feel his own come running down the inside of Cas’ walls, onto his cock, slicking Cas’ hole. “Yes, Dean,” Cas whispered, reverence overpowering the edge to his voice that had been there before. “So good.” He said, lifting up and slamming back down. Dean moaned.
“I’ve been thinking,” Cas says an hour later, when they’re both holding cups of coffee in bed. “You said in the crypt that you said you loved me.”
Dean started stroking Cas’ cock again, harder but still slow. Cas moaned as he kissed the feathers, explored them gently. His wings shook like the rest of him when Dean touched them, and he chanted Dean’s name under his breath. His eyes were gently shining with white light, and Dean knew he might have to close his eyes at a moment’s notice. He didn’t care. It was the most breath taking thing he’d ever seen.
The shit hit the fan three days later. Three days; that must be a record for him for him fucking something good up.
“All right. First thing’s first,” Dean said the next morning. “The most important thing about being human is music.” Dean scraped his omelet out of the pan. He’d slept fitfully, his waking periods plagued by the fact that he was pretty sure he could hear footsteps on the roof above him. He smiled though, despite the bags under his eyes. The burnt eggy mess on his plate was just evidence of how distracted his was. Nomally, he was the Martha Stewart of the hunting world. Which was not a sentence he’d ever imagined applying to him.
“Yeah. I ran it the other day.” Sam said, and slammed the door with a final chorus of, “You, uh, you have a good night.”
There were moments when he came across Cas, staring into space somewhere. He looked sad. Mostly, though, the past week reminded him of lazy summer days in a motel room in California, where Sam and him had stayed inside all day, drinking lemonade to keep cool. Hey, that was even before Dean would’ve poured a bottle of rum into it. He didn’t want to admit it, because the second he did, something would get horribly fucked up, but he was happy.
Before Dean could formulate a witty comeback to that one, Cas asked, “Hide-n-seek? Is that a customary part of courtship?”
“Dean, you met when he pulled you out of hell after you kickstarted the apocalypse, it took you years to get your shit together, and you screwed before having your first date.”
Cas moaned against Dean's lips, eyes wide. Dean leaned in, and captured one of Cas' nipples between his teeth. Cas threw his head back as Dean sucked on it, swirling his tongue around the pebbled flesh in lazy strokes. And then Cas was coming, shooting cum over Dean's hand and on his own thigh. Dean watched him in a rapture, the way Cas' eyes squeezed shut before coming wide, wide open and the breathless moans that escape his lips, those beautiful lips that hang open, begging to be claimed. That's exactly what Dean did, but after a moment of kissing, Cas struggling to reciprocate through his post-orgasmic daze, Cas slid off Dean's lap and came to kneel between his legs. Dean groaned in protest at the sudden lack of friction on his dick, before Cas yanks his jeans open. Dean briefly wondered why he bothered to get dressed at all in the first place, and then Cas is sinking down on him, swallowing his cock up into slick heat. Dean moans loudly, hips rocking. "Shit," he whispered. He was already close and Cas knew it. Cas' nose bumped into Dean's stomach, and he looked straight up into Dean's eyes, a goddamn invitation to come down his throat.
Cas nodded. Calm swept over his features, like Dean had given him a tremendous gift, instead of having the most socially confusing exchange of the century.
"So what you're saying is that the world is just a lunatic's blue sky, huh?"
"Fuck, fuck, Cas," Dean said, his voice cracking as Cas hollowed his cheeks and sank down on him again. Ecstasy swells up and bursts through him unbridled as he twined his fingers in Cas' hair, staring down into his lover's eyes. Cas only pulls off when Dean has rode out his climax, swallowing deeply before saying in that hoarse voice that screamed of sex, "I love you."
“Mm,” Dean answered. His cock was half-hard in his jeans just from hearing Cas say his name like that. He pulled Cas’ hips toward his. He wanted them both aching for it before they started this time. Cas wasn’t impatient. His hands massaged Dean’s back as the hunter lay lazy kisses across his body. They wreathed around each other, not fixed to one point. Sometimes they were face to face, sometimes Dean circled round to kiss the back of Cas’ neck and shoulders, grinding up against his ass when the shorter man moaned. He ran one hand up his lover’s spine and over his shoulder blades, because Cas always shivered when he did that, while the other wrapped tenderly round Cas’ waist
Dean snorted. “Cas, you need some help over there?”
“Dean,” Castiel said slowly.
There was a flap of wings, and suddenly Dean Winchester found himself alone and naked on his bed, closing his eyes and letting the regret well up.
“We made it,” Cas says. He gazes around the living room and knows he sees both a battleground and the birth of a miracle. A battleground for fighting the demons of their past and domestic battles and the waging the struggle to love and be loved and be whole and not break. The birth of a miracle, because he knows it’s a battle they’re going to win.
“Dean?” Castiel asked, tongue darting out to lick his lips. “I think you’re meant to say some-”
Eventually, he was so bored and his throat was so dry, that he turned onto his side and made to slide off the bed and onto his feet. The plan, however, failed miserably and after a terrible moment of heartstopping panic as he couldn’t control his legs, Dean landed on the floor with a
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4eMoFpWFgU
Castiel looked him straight in the face, eyes wide, and offered a single nod. They stayed like that, sitting close together but barely touching, as the last strains of Buffalo Springfield danced around the room. Nothing was really different, but there was a change in the air.
He bolts into Dean’s room. Dean is stiff on his bed, deep in a nightmare, his hands reaching up towards the ceiling. He screams out hoarsely. “CAS!” Cas reaches out and shakes him, skin sparking sadly at the contact with his beloved, but he won’t wake. Growling, he puts his fingers to either side of Dean’s temples and steps inside his dreams.
Dean slid to the ground, his back propped up against the Impala.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3GjYP2FOYQ
he thought, hollow inside.
Cas takes him by the shoulders and steers him back to the bed, barely leaving an inch between them as they step carelessly backwards. Dean lets Cas guide him, but lets out a sharp breath when the angel shoves him back on the bed. He falls backwards, cold starched sheets meeting the bare skin of his back. Castiel watches him for a moment, just stands there and watches hungrily as Dean's chest rises and falls. Somewhere in the back of his mind, it registers that the motel curtain is blowing like the window is open, though it's firmly shut. It flies up white and gauzy, fluttering before his eyes.
“I mean, I… There haven’t been other guys. Just Cas. It’s just Cas.” Dean muttered, tasting the coffee even though it scalded his tongue, just for something to do.
bad, just this once, to let Cas take care of him? Hell, maybe it’d even be good for Cas too, directionless as he was after everything with Lucifer, to be able to do something good. Besides all his weak rationale, Cas was warm and solid and he smelled like rain and everything Dean was too weak to resist right now. Dean slumped into him.
Oh, yes indeed.
Cas isn’t wrong – Dean thinks back through years of batting his eyelashes to get leads on cases, to darker, grimier years of turning tricks when cash ran thin, to times when it was the only way he could get someone to touch him without violence. He just hadn’t thought it was so transparent. But then, Cas knew him too well. Too well to want him like that.
“Yes, Dean?” Cas turned, interrupting his previous flow of speech.
Cas’ lips twitched. “Hmm.” He tilted his head to one side. “You know, now that you mention it-”
Cas’ eyes lit up at the mention of a surprise. After thousands of millennia, it was difficult to surprise a guy, but Dean would always find a way.
they had the tinge of death and pain in them, but there was also something stronger there.
He couldn’t bring himself to sit down and think through every thought swirling through his head, couldn’t bring himself to look it in the eye. He never had been good with feelings. At small moments in the day, though, subtle revelations slipped through. Like when he caught himself thinking about Cas’ lips, about what a funny shape they were and if they’d be soft, if he kissed them. Or when he couldn’t stop grinning as they talked – that was the moment he realized he was utterly fucked. When Cas flicked his angel blade between his fingers idly and Dean remembered just how absolute the angel was. The times he got lost in Cas, whether they were talking, or smiling across a room, or sitting shoulder to shoulder; they were profound. Scary. Thrilling. Comfortable. Sam’s novels probably would have described them as beautiful, but that wasn’t his style.
instead. And I needed you, man, and I... I thought I must have done something wrong. To have hurt you and to still have it feel that right."
“Whatever.” Cas started to take the jacket off, but Dean stopped him. “Keep it.” Cas nodded. The room was spinning, just a giant wash of gray. Cas pushed him back towards the bed, and Dean laughed. “What are you – what are you doing?”
Dean paused, and shrugged. “Suit yourself.” Cas glared but made no comment when Dean put his own helmet down. He risked his life every day, why would this be any different? Not for the first or last time, slight idiocy and arrogance combined to make Dean Winchester.
“Hypothetically,” Dean tacked on.
Houses of the Holy, by Led Zeppelin
"I don't want to hear it." I kicked dirt over the joint after dropping it to the floor ruefully.
And Dean didn’t argue, because to Cas, defying innumerable human traditions was just as simple as that –
“Hopefully a little less than two months. Could be longer, though.” Sam chewed the inside of his cheek.
Cas declined to answer, rutting against Dean's thigh. Dean groaned. He'd meant to have some important, Valentine's Day conversation, but this was definitely better. He cupped Cas' throbbing erecting in his hand, petting him through the fabric. "Y'know this song means something to me." Cas' eyes rose to Dean, hazy with pleasure but paying attention. "Makes me think of you," Dean said, pressing a kiss to the edge of Cas' lips even as Cas panted.
The sound pulsed through him, travelling across the space between on the golden threads of consciousness. Cas had become all-encompassing, yet just as Dean sunk further into that sense of his presence, he could feel Cas doing the same. His skin hummed with the contact occurring beneath it, and he could hear his breath coming in ragged gasps. He was floating on waves of feeling, surging forward into Cas and receding in turn. It was like a world-consuming, metaphysical kiss.
“I don’t know how, Cas. I never have.” Dean said helplessly. The illogical jealousy he’d felt earlier flooded away from him.
“Yes, Dean?” Cas’ breath tickled Dean’s chest.
“Oh,” Cas mutters into Dean’s solar plexus. “Oh,” rutting up again.
He became hardened. Much like he would have been if Sam hadn't been born, I think. Tougher, angrier. I still loved him. Needed him.
The pyramid cracked down the middle. Sam swore, jerking his palms away from the glistening plasma.
“Are we…”
“I love you,” he says.
should have been his first words, but he never was very good at talking. He opened his mouth to correct it and found that no sound came out.
“Fuck, Cas. Why would you-” he took a deep breath. “I wanted us to go on this trip together. Why would I be running off to bang chicks every night?” His laugh was shaky.
Dean gulped, unable to drag his mind out of the gutter. Cas didn’t strictly need a bed, as he didn’t sleep. Dean tried to spend as little time as possible in Cas’ room, both to give him personal space and to avoid spontaneous urges to pin Cas to the wall and kiss him senseless. “Come outside, there’s something I want you to see.”
Cas smiled down at his hands. “You don’t remember.”
Dean smiled. “Yeah.” He paused. “Exactly.”
They slipped a little deeper as his muscle ring loosened imperceptibly, and his head fell back as he let out a loud moan. "Fuck, Cas, I... Deeper," he pleaded, and I obliged him happily. I felt my fingers brush against a spot that felt different to the rest of him, and more precum dribbled from the head of his cock. I looked up to see that his face was frozen in silent arousal. I massaged the spot mercilessly, adding a third finger as he started to rock back onto my fingers. My own dick was throbbing, but I watched intently as I opened him, hungrily observing his pleasure.
Dean blinked up at Cas as the angel carried him back through the corridors, cleaned the cum off their chests with a warm washcloth, folded their clothes and draped himself over Dean. Somehow, they were all right, still. Dean thought somewhere in the back of his mind that he was damn sure they’d never listen to Ac/Dc again, and then he fell asleep. This time no unwanted thoughts popped to the surface of his preconscious, and he didn’t wake up when Cas smiled into his torso and tears of something akin to happiness peppered the hollow of his neck.
"All right. Let's go." He clicked the play button on the Impala stereo, and they pulled out onto the road to the choppy sounds of warm guitar.
The world around him rattles and hums before settling down into the shape of a Greyhound bus. “Um…” Dean said, looking around. The only other passenger was a guy looking to be somewhere in his thirties, blowing balloon animals. He waved, not seeming bothered by the fact that two men had appeared on a moving bus locked at the lip.
“Dean,” Cas breathed against his cheek. It wasn’t a question. Dean wrapped his arms around the shorter man’s waist, drawing him in until their bodies crashed together. Not that he’d admit it, but Dean moaned. They kissed fervently, biting and with Cas scratching up Dean’s back. Unable to help himself, Dean rolled his hips into Cas’, eliciting a groan. He traced his fingers over Cas’ shoulders and collarbone. “Fuck, Cas,” he murmured, almost reverently.
“I-” Dean rounded on his brother, smacking him on the shoulder hard. Sam smirked. That kid was too damn sassy for his own good. “Here,” he said eventually, and handed Cas a red cardboard box.
What Cas isn’t used to is his own arousal, burning a hot line against his leg and up into his groin. When Dean rolls his hips against Cas’, it feels like salvation. He groans and mirrors the movement, feeling his own flesh throb and Dean huff a laugh against his throat.
Cas was talking, he realized absentmindedly, drifting back up to the surface of oblivion. Whispering, but loud enough to be heard in the night-time stillness. At least, he assumed it was night. It was dark everywhere and he could scarcely make out the outline of Cas’ face.
I kept the silence with him. There was one moment when I thought I had been wrong. Maybe I had completely and utterly misunderstood. Then my certainty came flooding back. Dean Winchester, the righteous man, the one who taught me about free will - he loved me, even if it was clear as an overcast day.
"Oh, Dean," The angel murmured, and started in on the buttons of Dean's shirt, sometimes missing them altogether in inebriated haste.
Dean’s mouth went dry. “What?”
Cas started fumbling with the buttons, not quite meeting Dean’s gaze. Dean rolled his eyes and picked up a whiskey bottle. “Here, drink some of this. Oh, and, uh,” he said with that slapdash grin which usually means he’s had a bad, quickly formed idea, “Just listen to this, instead of you know, focusing on the needle going through your skin.” Cas sat on the edge of the bed, afternoon light filtering through the window onto his bare shoulders. Dean cleared his throat and took a hot, damp washcloth, sponging it gently along Cas’ wound.
"Yes." I answered. After a while, I observed, "You don't look happy."
, up his body. The air cracked around them.
“What?” Dean asked, swerving into an abrupt and illegal U-turn.
Dean blinked his eyes open. The room was blurry. He pulled the blanket which had slipped down to his waist during the night up to his neck and sighed. They’d driven back to the bunker in a dry run. Dean wanted them to be home. His lips twitched involuntarily as he remembered their kiss in the Grand Canyon. It hadn’t been like their first kiss, explorative and sweet. They’d both known what they wanted this time. He supposed it should’ve been obvious that kissing Cas wouldn’t be like kissing women, but it hadn’t really occurred to him. He’d yanked Dean closer to him by the lapels of his leather jacket until their bodies crashed together. Dean ran a hand over his chin, wincing at where Cas’ stubble had grazed against his chin. He smiled, running his fingers over his lips. Cas kissed like an animal fighting for air, sometimes growling in the back of his throat when their tongues met.
"I'm not - you don't -" The words that should have come easily faltered on the edge of my tongue.
The poem is a part of the poem Hope by Emily Dickinson. It's lovely.
“Hmm?” Cas said, picking up a pebble and holding it to the light.
“Won’t that get the Empty on your ass?”
He realized Cas was waiting for him to continue, looking slightly confused. Then again, he always looked that way. “No matter what’s going on, if you’ve got the right music, you can make it better. Driving with music is the perfect combination. Feels like you’re flying. But we’ll leave that for later. Now,” he said shoveling scrambled eggs into his mouth, “Led Zeppelin are the end all, be all of classic rock. Got it?”
He ran a thumb over the red marks on his chest and thighs, trying not to cry. He’d lost track of all the things he shouldn’t have done. It was maybe an hour later when Cas reappeared, clothed in black jeans and a rumpled blue, seventies style shirt. Dean glared at his back. He was fussing with the cassette desk, of all things. Not a hello. Just straight in, pushing buttons and whatnot. Dean got up, glad he’d at least put on boxers and jeans.
Dean nods, exhausted.
“I’m here,” he says. “I’m here. Just a dream.”
Dean was takenaback. “And this is your happy place… why?”
Dean let out a breath. He discarded the duvet and swung his legs over the bed. The curtain was open, letting morning light spill through the window and fall onto a rather rumpled looking angel where he sat on one of the weapons trunks. “Cas?” Dean’s voice cracked. Why was Cas in his room? He didn’t remember… they hadn’t…? He took stock of the fact he was fully clothed in clean jeans and a t-shirt and that Cas was wearing his trench coat. No. Right.
them so much more vividly than normal, full and velvety, juxtaposed by the scrape of stubble against his chin. Cas’ tongue swept along his lower lip, and Dean melted for him, letting him in. When Cas pulled away, Dean was panting slightly, eyes blown wide with lust. But Cas was considering him with something more like a question in his eyes, and Dean gasped, “Believe you. I believe you.”
Dean blinked, and glanced down at his chest. Cas had appeared in front of him as soon as he’d thrown himself in the bullet’s way, shaking him, eyes blazing, checking him for any visible sign of damage. He’d never known Cas to show such heedless concern before. When Cas had been satisfied the hunter was fine, he’d shoved Dean away and tossed his angel blade to Sam before disappearing. Dean felt numb just thinking about it.
“And, uh, you and Cas?” Sam asked after a pause. “You guys are good?” The question sounded a little forced, like he’d almost forgotten to ask it, but Dean was too buzzed to notice.
This chapter was edited - Dean originally gave Cas a pendant with the symbol for protection on it, but I liked the idea of Cas having a lucky penny (cause it's more human, in a way) better, so I changed it.
Tomorrow, I would go to die. I would come with him, because
Cas smiled against his chest, but didn’t open his eyes.
Cas threw the gun across the room. Dean’s eyes went wide because fuck, it went off when it hit the floor. He shrank down and waited for a bullet to sink into his skin, paint the room with red. Nothing happened. Cas was staring where the gun had hit the floor, scanning the room for bulllet-holes. When nobody died, Cas shrugged and turned back to Dean. His erection was dripping pre-come, nearly purple and so damn hard.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean asked.
Dean set his jaw but remained silent. “Why do you wanna do this?”
chance that might work?” Dean asked, exasperated.
Rolling his eyes, Dean went back to kneading Cas’ shoulder muscles. His jeans were far too tight by now, every minute sign of Cas losing control making him harder. He pulled the collar of the shirt down so he could suck a bruise on the back of Cas’ neck, gently biting down on the muscle there. Cas hissed sharply. Dean rocked his hips against Cas, his erection pressing up against Cas’ ass. “Shoot.” Came the command again.
“All right,” Dean said. He was still trying to be offended, for Metallica’s sake, but it wasn’t really working. “You like surprises?” He was busy trying to imagine Cas being the victim of a surprise party, assaulted by party streamers and having a stupid hat crammed on his head. He didn’t imagine Cas being happy about it.
“Unless you wanted to trip over your brother on the way,” Cas said smugly. Man, the bastard sure was cocky when he was drunk.
“What?”
"Yes, Dean." I frowned. I moved my hand away, and cold sparks of loss ran up my wrist. It was then that it hit me, what this was. It could be named, I thought with relief. Knowing a thing's true name gave you power over it. Love. "Oh," I breathed quietly. This human thing, that somehow I felt for him despite it contradicting my very nature, this love; it was not a pleasant thing, exactly. It reared up inside me, making my heart pound and my breath become short. I wanted to shout. There may as well have been a thunderstorm inside my chest, pouring, pouring down.
"Although lights do sound nice," Cas said wistfully, and he waved his hand. Suddenly, every other branch or so lit up like it itself was a string of Christmas lights. Dean's eyes went wide, and the room got bright.
When he woke up, he huddled closer to me, as if he could shield himself from the pain in his head. Once, I could have flicked my fingers and made it go away. Now all I had to offer was a glass of water.
“Every night. I hear you.” Dean’s eyes went wide, and his breath caught in his throat. “Praying.”
“Or giving it back to Jack, us both being human.”
That was all it took for Dean to fall over the edge, coming and shouting and fucking up into Cas and falling apart under him. Cas rode him hard and fast through it, only slowing to a halt when Dean was spent, his head leaning against Cas’ shoulder.
I didn't want our kisses to stop. They were hot and sweet, interspersed with the rough scratch of stubble against my chin. We kissed for what felt like hours, but it still was not long enough. His hands snaked under my shirt to feel my bare skin, and I was drunk on want. I wasn’t sure for what, but how I felt it. He was the one to break away, tearing his own shirt off and lifting mine over my arms. I was surprised how graceful my surrender to him had made our movements, and I let him push me back against the Impala. I tilted my neck, reveling in the soft kisses he put there and the scrape of his teeth. He bent me backwards until my shoulderblades touched the ice-cold black metal. I circled my arms around his waist and pulled him to me. He rolled his hips against mine, and all thoughts of how beautifully our bodies worked together through surrender and taking froze. Pleasure butterflied through my groin and stomach, and Dean breathed against my ear, "Oh, Cas."
“There aren’t sharks in there.” Cas answered quickly, letting the gentle waves wash over his bare feet.
And Dean was reminded of so long ago, when Cas had threatened to throw him back in the Pit, just because he could. Of when Cas went postal and tried to be God, and tried to make them kneel. Of all the times Cas had pulled the
I thought dimly.
“That’s not a chair. It’s a contraption of canvas and metal poles.”
Cas suddenly looked very concerned. “I’ve never encountered a ringwraith, Dean. Are you sure?”
Cas sat cross-legged on the floor, and Dean knelt by him. “This is where I’m going to put them,” Cas said, running a hand over the smooth mahogany wood of the box lid. “The letters,” he added in explanation, looking up at Dean.
“No,” Dean answered honestly, sliding closer to Cas, positioning himself between the angel’s damp thighs. “This is to make you come so hard you forget your own name.”
“Why?” Dean whispered.
Dean heard Cas' voice again.
“Yes. When angels die, their essence returns to Heaven, not as a being exactly, but the energy which was contained in their grace fuels Heaven. Mixes with divinity. They’re not meant to have any retained sense of consciousness. When I die, the energy from my Grace will spread through Earth. My being, my consciousness, will be reduced to essentially a human soul. The fate of
Dean stood, and their bodies crashed together. Dean moaned as Cas rolled their hips together, and they were both hard and desperate and panting. Dean reached into the shower and turned it on, music still softly permeating the walls. “Normally I’d say this is complicated,” Dean muttered into Cas’ ear, “But I think with us it’s gonna be good.”
“You were worried about me.” Cas let out a long sigh before sipping at his beer. Sometime Dean really would have to correct him on the proper way to drink beer.
A few hours later, Dean has vanished from his room. Sam finds him in the back seat of the Impala, staring at the ceiling and tracing the leather of the seat. Sam ignores the weird position and breaks out with, “I think we can get him back.”
I tore his clothes off. When our bare skin finally touched, him lying on top of me, I gasped. I couldn't help it. Touching him like this was the closest thing I could get to when I had held his soul between my hands.
Why hadn't I said it? Why hadn't I screamed it at him?
Some days will be better than others. But the key is to keep fighting: and they do.
"Dean," I whispered, as my muscles contracted and bliss shot through me. He bit off a cry of his own and our cum mixed together as we shook in ecstasy.
“What?”
www.youtube.com/watch?v=671AgW9xSiA
Dean choked on his beer, spluttering in an attempt to breathe. “Meant to be a surprise,” he mumbled.
“I know, I got you.” Dean said. “Get on your knees.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihyekVpdtWw
“So you busted in and saved her? Bet that you got you laid,” Dean remarked casually.
“It’s about free will. How does one know when one is making the right decision? I’ve… I’ve made the wrong decision many times, and it usually leads to letting you down… how do I… how do I know,” Cas said, not quite meeting Dean’s gaze.
He spent hours, touching my body. Making me keen and whimper. All the while, that look in his eyes; soft and sad but determined. He worshiped me, pure and simple. Ducked his head between my thighs and licked at my entrance, his hot, wet tongue drawing circles on the inside of me. Kissed every inch of me, made my skin tingle.
“Dean, why have we never ingested chemical substances to alter our mental state?” Cas asked suddenly.
And that’s part of what he likes. Likes Cas pinning him down to the bed, likes feeling the otherworldly power coursing through him, likes the fact that Cas has lived through millennia and for some odd reason, has chosen Dean. But why would Cas want him?
"And perhaps I am. But I see beautiful things, Dean. Everywhere. Such gorgeous marvels. Birds flying, and insects working away, and flowers quietly opening. Harmony. I could watch it for centuries. I suppose I will, if I don't die first... You're beautiful too, you know. I could stare at you for... I don't know," I mused, cataloging the freckles on the side of his jaw, shining under a thin layer of sweat from the heat. "I've never put it to the test - how long I could look at you. I think every time I look at you, I try… but I always have to look away." His throat rippled as he swallowed, a hard look of understanding coming over his face. "Anyway. Everything I see, it makes me glad I dragged myself out of that river. I was naked, then, too." I laughed.
“You’re praying to him, right? And Jack woke Cas up in the Empty the first time by praying to him. So all we need to do is make your prayers a little louder. I’ve got a cosmic amplification spell.”
died on his lips when he walked through the doorway.
Cas shoves a third finger inside Dean, and this time, the stretch feels good. His hole is getting slick, and he buries his face in the pillow to muffle the needy little phrases that pour from between his lips. Cas seems to notice, reaches out, and tilts Dean's chin up. Dean looks back at him, and the first word that escapes is, "Please."
Pour Some Sugar On Me, by Def Leppard
something, and while it might engage his emotions in a visceral game of tug-of-war, delving deeper into Cas, understanding the mystery wrapped up in a trench coat and angel wings, that was worth it. It was worth crying on a bus while the man behind you made a balloon butterfly. But it wasn’t worth not yanking it out of the guy’s hands and handing it to your boyfriend, because for fuck’s sake, it was Valentine’s Day.
He coughed. "I -" He stared at me, the look in his eyes at first infuriated before melting into something sad. "Damnit, Cas."
He’d said he loved Dean, and Dean had said nothing. Dean had saved him, but not to love.
onto his neck.
When Dean walked into the cassette room, music was already playing. He blinked in surprise.
Even when he bit me and clawed at me, he seemed unable to let it go without kissing away the pain or running his fingers lightly down the scratch marks, like he already wished he could take them away. In the end, he let up my hands, and I saw a tear sliding down his face. With one hand, I wiped it away, and with the other, I reached between us and clasped our dicks together, jerking us off. He bit his lip, and I saw blood form. Then he was himself again, not crying or trying to hurt me, but simply Dean. He wrapped his hand so it overlapped mine, and stroked in time. He tilted his head back, and I leaned forward, licking the blood off his lips. He sighed softly, and let me kiss him, deep and slow.
Christmas alone with Cas was a strange concept. Sammy ought to be there. The Christmases when he was away at Stanford had been the most miserable ones.
“How tired?” Cas asked with a hint of a spark in his voice. “Too tired to let me…” he trailed off, licking his lips.
Dean is thinking:
Dean gave Cas a private smile, and Cas fumbled, forgetting the words, before his eyes flashed and he started singing again. Dean had a hunch he wouldn’t be able to stop kissing Cas once he put the guitar down. He wanted to say it again and again, whispering it into Cas' ear, shouting it, moaning it, choking it out through laughter, and just when Cas was distracted, saying it again.
He dug through his pockets and found a small but sturdy knife, glancing up at Cas as he approached the rock face. There was no one around, weirdly enough, and he was positive they weren’t allowed in this part. It wasn’t really a rule he minded breaking.
Cas clambered up on top of him, grinding his dick against Dean’s for a short second before he lifted himself up, Dean’s hand on his hip, and sank down on Dean’s cock. He did it so fast Dean barely had time to register the chorus of beautiful feelings fluttering through him. Dean could see that Cas’ thighs were quivering with the effort of lifting himself up, and so Dean put both hands on his hips to help his lover move. Cas moaned. “I want to come with you, Dean.”
“It didn’t hit you,” Cas continued through gritted teeth, “Because the instant it left the gun, I’d stopped it. Dissolved it into nothing more than ash.”
it, wanted Cas fucking him, his cock in Dean’s ass, the pure physical sensation of being full – he wanted
, he thought again, stronger this time, and Cas grinned as Dean pushed him backwards and pinned him against the wall, kissing him as the angel’s shoulders shook with laughter.
“Isn’t that a reference to Lord of the Rings?” Cas asked.
“You mean to say no one knows?” Cas asked, clearly perturbed.
Cas’ list of things which gave him happiness reminded Dean a lot of the newspaper-clipping boards they use to make cases. A dozen articles or so which are all related by some thread, yet each different and strange, drawn to a collision by a single invisible thread. Dean stood there for a moment, watching Cas, drinking in the tiny lopsided smile that’s playing across his lover’s lips.
“Hey,” he whispered into the collar of Cas’ chest.
I was hard and wanting, but too lost in his touches to ask for more. I was almost surprised when he finally licked up the length of my dick and lapped his tongue at the head. He sunk down on me slowly, lips stretching around my flesh. I moaned, and the world might have been ending outside, but I didn't care. He hollowed his cheeks and sucked me down into the hot darkness of his throat.
he thought as Cas moaned against his lips. And their foreheads pressed together when they broke apart murmured
Dean nodded slowly, irritated that Sam had indeed explained what he hadn’t thought needed explaining. “Although I’m not exactly complaining he’s in the body he has. It has advantages,” Dean smirked, watching Sam’s cheeks color up as he turned away and flung the towel onto a chair.
Cas frowned. “Daisies are actually remarkably resilient. I suppose in terms of our respective lifetimes, you could be a perennial flower and I could be an oak tree… All living things, in fact, seem to be a remarkable mix of breakable and resilient… you and the daisy are no exception.”
He heard Cas’ footsteps, and then, with a hunter’s certainty, he knew his quarry was running. He grinned and gave chase, feet thudding and skidding on the bunker floor as he raced along the hallway. The trench coat was still firmly gripped in his hand, streaming behind him as he flat out ran. His chest heaved and his cheeks grew hot. Damnit, he was gonna find that angel. With every room that he passed, a bar of sunlight from the window slid across him before he was moving on.
He darted another glance at me. "You don't even know how far gone you are." He started laughing. "It's my fault. If I'd just stopped you before all this started. But then," and tears started welling up in his eyes even as he shook with laughter, "It's your fault, too. You're the one that opened Purgatory, cracked the wall in my brother's head and sucked up all the crazy." I looked away, and wished he would stop talking. "And I can't even
“Yup.” Sam’s eyes looked kind of misty now, Dean noted with an eye-roll. “And for the record, Eileen didn’t stab me. The blood’s not mine. Turns out the reason she didn’t call me was because she was being held as a sacrificial offering for some Valentine’s Day black magic-fest.”
You know you got it if it makes you feel good,
works through emails and specializes in paranormal counselling, both hunters and creatures. Evidently he appreciates the value of word play and cynicism, too: maybe it was the name that drew Dean in. Dean's glad it's remote: it'll give him time to think things, which he needs. Especially these days, his processing speed for the important stuff is about as fast as an Internet Explorer engine on a computer from 2003 running from a single AA battery. For instance, he's pretty sure Sam is going to bring up moving in with Eileen one of these days, and they'll have to talk about it. But he sets that aside for the time being. He clicks on
It took everything they had. Sam chanting from the Book of the Damned, starting with a quick
“I don’t want to go.” Cas grimaced, unclasping his hands. In an instant, they went from shaking to steady. “But Dean, I’m deadweight here.”
+ I do a lot of short prose on there about mental health and healing, which after the spn finale I think we all need XD
“You’re drunk.”
Cas blinked, and turned to Dean. “Yes,” he said, running a damp thumb over the corner of Dean’s mouth. “Of course.” Then he was walking back toward the shore, clothes and hair dripping, shouting back to Dean, “Come.”
“You want me to make you an angel?”
Dean sighs and rolls off Cas, putting his arms behind his head and looking up at the ceiling.
Cas nods. “Me too.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaG8faaFUMM
OK, its not originally an Elvis song, but I somehow felt like Cas would identify with it.
That was when it clicked.
"You heard me," Dean said slowly. "Reading to you. Talking," he added.
Cas craned his neck to see inside the box, and Sam continued. “Dean, this is Mom’s wedding ring, isn’t it? I didn’t even know you had this.” Cas frowned. Dean really hoped Sam wasn’t going to enlighten him on how exactly they might be putting a wedding ring to use. Marriage was probably just a weird human custom to him, anyway, or else something absurdly sacred.
“You were ready to die,” Cas squinted at him, but it wasn’t the familiar squint of confusion he was used to.
Then, “You really love him.”
"Yes. I'd like that." Cas ducked his head. Dean knew they were approaching the bunker, and he slowed down almost to a crawl. He rolled his own window down, and let the barely warm breeze flow over him. He closed his eyes.
To his surprise, he is left utterly alone, with a trench coat hanging from one hand, and Cas’ low laugh in his ears.
“Three days.”
“Hello Dean,” came the gravelly, familiar reply. Dean spun around before seeing the door to his left. Cas was kneeling on the floor with his back to Dean.
Dean’s lips formed one of those smiles often made when one is happier than one’s ever been, but being torn apart at the same time. “Me too, buddy. Me too.”
Dean nodded jaggedly, trying not to notice how his torso was almost on top of Cas' and he'd been quite clearly crying on his friend's shoulder. "How?" he asked suddenly. "How did I trigger it?"
“I mean,” Cas blinked, looking away. What a weirdly human gesture. “I want to be here, with you and Sam. It feels… like family, I suppose.” He refused to meet Dean’s gaze. “Like it did in heaven. Except without the chain of command, of course.”
Cas kissed the top of his forehead to silence him, and Dean melted into unconsciousness.
“Look, it’s like a damn haunted house in here.” Dean snapped. “So yeah, you’re gonna bring whatever stuff you’ve got out.”
I closed my eyes, and when I opened them, the world seemed clearer somehow. "I found grace in this pain, Dean," I said softly. "You think I'm..."
“I wanted you to know what it felt like,” Cas confessed. “That was probably selfish. But I…” his mouth curled into a small smile. “I wouldn’t change it. Anyway, I began to wonder if my motivation for putting myself before the angels before was wrong, but if perhaps the action itself was the right one.”
“I went before them. I asked for a trial. Some of them wanted to kill me outright, but the majority were fair. That surprised me. I confessed my transgressions, in every last detail. Every angel I had killed, and why. The things I had done on Earth. After it was all said and done, many still wished me dead. And then someone stepped forward. It was Joshua,” Cas said, smiling and shaking his head. “Come out of his garden to hear me speak. He asked me
"Yes," I rumbled, distracted by how the moonlight played over the bow in his lips.
“Um, OK.” Dean was silent, staring at his boots. “And I promise I’ll tell you everything I know.” Cas waited. “Just not today.” Cas read all those romance novels and tragedies, didn’t he know what love was about? Maybe he really was that clueless about human emotions. It struck Dean then that Cas probably didn’t, couldn’t experience love like humans. “Look, let’s save love for another day, huh?” he laughed. “I don’t know about you, but I’d just like to watch the leaves fall.” Watch you watch the leaves fall, he mentally corrected.
“Weirdly, yeah.” Dean muttered.
"I understand." Castiel offered simply. Music filled the silence between them.
Dean jerks his hips against Cas’ mouth, soft pleas falling from his lips.
Scarcely a second went by, and they were standing in the middle of what appeared to be a rose garden. Indeed, the sign by the gate confirmed it – Berkeley Rose Gardens. The light was nearly blinding after the dark library, and Dean squinted. By the time his eyes adjusted, Cas was already walking through the rows of roses, grinning at each one like it was an old friend. “I came here after I took on Sam’s madness,” Cas called over his shoulder, and Dean strode to catch up with him. “It was spring then, so there were more roses. There are still a few,” he added contemplatively. “I sat here, for days. Nights. People probably thought I was homeless. The people came and went, and the petals dropped off, and in a way, I think I was determined to be the one constant thing about this place. Even the concrete under our feet is being worn away.” Dean glanced down. “But eventually, I left too. I sought other flowers, other places. I went back to Meg, occasionally, and to you when you called. There’s
Dean groaned. “For an angel, you’re pretty damn filthy sometimes.”
There was a moment of silence, Sam struggling not to smile and Cas turning his earnest contemplation on Dean. It was Cas that eventually spoke. “Why don’t we play?”
All at once, Dean closes the distance between them, and smashes their lips together, desperate, hard. Cas pulls away, leaving maybe two inches between them. Dean's chest heaves with the breath that was so reticent to come before. Jesus. He feels horrible now, like everything he wanted is exposed and he's exposed and he was wrong about what he thought Cas wanted. He almost pulls completely away and runs for the hills, but Cas hand comes around his wrist, holding him there.
"Fuck," he groaned. It was maybe 3 a.m., and the water he had ventured to the bathroom to get sloshed over the edge of the cup and onto the floor when he realized.
First because it was difficult to fuck up pancakes that bad, and second because Cas had made them. Because since that first day in the woods, Dean had tried to show Cas what he knew about human, however badly, and now Cas was making goddamn pancakes and he was suddenly, irresistibly proud of them. Cas, for learning that he could feel things he wasn’t ever programmed to, Sam, for finding a kickass girl and seeming actually happy for once, and himself… well, mostly for just not fucking it all up. But that was enough. Dean looked up, aware of Cas’ gaze resting upon him. Cas smiled, as if Dean grinning and licking maple syrup off his lips was the most endearing thing ever. He opened his mouth to say something, but the sound of a camera flash went off before he could. Two snaps in short succession. He looked around, bewildered, only to discover that Sam had turned Cas’ Polaroid on both of them in short succession. “What?” Sam said in response to Dean’s what-the-fuck glance. “Someone had to.”
“I think I like Plan Fuck the Consequences,” Dean murmured, and he reached for Cas’ other hand with his free one.
“What is it you wanted to show me, Dean?” Cas was once again wearing his beloved trench coat, albeit thrown over Dean’s old jeans and a rumpled black t-shirt. Cas sounded a little miffed. Maybe he was upset the hunter had interrupted him in the middle of his crying session. To think that an angel got moved by sad literature.
Silence. He squeezed Cas' hand, probably too tightly. "There, I said it, you bastard." He swallowed. "Not to mention jumping in front of me when I had it covered. That's what got you into this mess in the first place, y'know." He dropped Cas' hand. "Goddamnit," he said, and reached for the bottle of whiskey.
“Cas?” Dean asked.
Dean caressed Cas’ shoulders, making circles along his collarbone. Cas’ lips parted and he leaned into Dean, but he kept talking. It was important, after all. “Dean, you remember when I told you that I felt every touch, all the time? It’s true. But I can feel more than that with you, and I don’t know why. When you touch me,” he paused, and the faintest tinge of a blush spread across his cheeks. “I can feel the intent behind it. And… your soul. It’s unfamiliar, to say the least. I don’t quite know what to make of it. It’s like your soul rises to the surface and every time you…” Dean ran a thumb over Cas’ nipple, teasing him and smiling into the hollow of his neck. Cas sighed softly. “I can feel your soul. And it’s beautiful, Dean. I can feel everything. I love you. You know that. This song is the closest I could come to finding the right words.”
“Dean,” Cas breathed. His name sounded like a prayer on Cas’ lips. He added a second finger. Cas gritted his teeth, but began bucking his hips back, fucking himself on Dean’s fingers. Dean’s dick jumped at the sight, and he tried to steady himself. Dean Winchester had nothing if not stamina. He kissed along Cas’ back to distract from the burn of adding another finger. To his surprise, he found Cas was half hard again. Maybe the whole total control over his vessel really could come in handy. “Dean.” It was a growl this time. “I need you.”
At least, this was what he was trying to think about while tossing first aid supplies into the duffle bag. Truth be told, he was busy staring. The Grand Canyon was fucking amazing. Jaw dropping. To think he’d never been here before, and to think that of all people, Cas had brought him. Castiel was wearing his familiar trench coat, taking to the task at hand earnestly. The sun was setting, but the full moon was already up in the sky. Dean almost regretted telling him that he sucked as a hunter before, but the guy’s people skills were permanently rusty.
Cas walked to the one solid wall of the greenhouse, which was a rock-face that looked like it had been hewn by hand with old tools. The greenhouse was built away from it. Dean stood so close behind Cas his chest nearly touched Cas’ back when he breathed out. Cas stuck the unassuming key into a tiny, perfectly made keyhole in the rock that Dean had barely seen. A glowing square white line appeared around the key hole, which Cas reached his hand into and drew out a box. He handed the key back to Dean, who stared at it. It looked like it could have unlocked somebody’s garage door, maybe, but an enchanted hidey-hole in the wall of a green-house temple? Not so much. He closed his palm on it tightly, still waiting for his mind to catch up with all the beautiful, strange things Cas was showing him.
He stopped up short when, scribbled in the journal he was reading, he came across a spell. Dean swallowed. Was this for real? Apparently the spell had come from a serious witch out in Wyoming. Scrawled above it was a line reading, ‘Angels do not sleep and thus cannot dream’.
Making Love, by Rainbow
“Huh.” Dean scratched the back of his neck, hoping Cas didn’t remember the time he’d compared them to Thelma and Louise. “Yeah. Zeppelin were big on fantasy. Lucky them that they didn’t know most of it’s real.”
As she seeps away in soft curls of black smoke, Cas feels the ache from God’s betrayal and absence subside a little. The new cosmic caretakers will do a good job.
Music slowly began to fill the room, and Dean focused on Cas. Just Cas. Clean that smear of blood, there. Go easy there, the skin’s torn. Bruise there, standing out from the rest of skin. Skin, there, then more muscle than he’d expected, then bone, and inside there somewhere, angelic grace. The task was simple, just patching up a friend. But the way he went about it was like an artist, mending something broken, making sure it was just as beautiful as when he’d found it. The slow, steady movements of his hands didn’t even give him time to question that he’d just thought of Cas as beautiful.
Sweet Child O Mine, by Guns n Roses
The bullet landed just outside of the bullseye circle, and Dean smirked, altogether too pleased with himself. Cas canted his hips back, cheeks pressing firmly through their layers of clothing against Dean’s dick. Dean growled, and disentangled himself from Cas for a moment. Cas wasn’t nearly distracted enough. “Don’t turn around,” he ordered, making sure Cas could hear each individual snap popping open on his shirt and then the slow drag of his zipper as he stripped. Cas stayed frozen in the same position as Dean shucked off all of his clothes and took the time to neatly fold them before placing them on the table. Dean walked slowly back to him, his cock curving up to his stomach. He wasn’t as hard as he could be, not yet, but just watching Cas standing there, waiting for him, it made his penis twitch and his heartbeat thrum in his throat.
“You OK?” Sam asked. He wasn’t an expert on navigating angel emotions.
Cas leaned comfortably against the Impala as the two brothers set everything up, leaving matters in the hands of those more experienced than him.
"I know," I said, clenching my throat to hold back a sob.
"I do... feel things, though. Angels don't, not really. That's why Anna chose to fall. I'm not really an angel, or if I am, I'm fallen. Broken, maybe. Dean, what am I?" His voice cracked and a tear welled up in his left eye.
This was meant to be pure, unadulterated smut. But I couldn't help writing a fuckton of angst and feelings into it.
I collapsed on top of him, and absentmindedly licked his cum off his chest and stomach. He watched me, and ran a hand through my hair. A single bee buzzed by our heads, and he laughed weakly. "You know... You know this doesn't change anything."
Getting into Cas' angle of things! Soon we'll be onto the nitty gritty of Dean's feelings and them slowly drawing back towards one another again. I'd love to hear from you if you're reading <3
Anyway, Cas and Sammy were in the middle of a conversation about whatever the latest book they’d read was when Dean tapped Cas on the shoulder.
With that one word, I pulled him down off the hood of the car and down into the grass where I knelt. I laid him on the ground and dragged his boxers off, licking my lips as his red, throbbing cock was revealed. It curved gracefully up to his stomach. I ignored it for the moment and spread his legs wider. He submitted to me, but all the while ran his hands along my skin, into my hair, on the curves of my shoulder muscles. I had some knowledge of what I was meant to do, but beyond that, my actions were inspired solely by his silent encouragements to me, the way his hips shuddered or a flash in his eyes.
Thank you all for reading.
“Sure it is. Like an angry dog with a stick up its ass.” Dean replied.
This is not exactly a happy song, but parts of it screamed Destiel, and it's gorgeous besides.
“You make me feel…” Cas paused, and Dean sucked a hickey into the skin of his neck. “Alive. Like every fibre of my being is electric.”
"I... Yeah, I guess so." he answered slowly.
Dean smiled to himself. “All right.”
Dean had found it while sorting through some of the Men of Letter’s boxes down in the dungeon, of all places. He’d picked it up, frowning. It was a lucky penny, dated circa 1900, but it had the Enochian sigil for protection on it. A worn leather cord was strung through a small hole at the top, making it into a necklace. He'd pocketed it, telling himself maybe he'd look into it, but all the while he'd had an inkling what purpose he wanted to put the find to.
They rocked from side to side, Cas studying him with an earnest expression. Dean almost laughed, he looked so serious, but he knew that wouldn’t go over well. The angel wore a dark purple shirt Dean had called girly when he first got it, but which looked damn good. Dean was almost cold, wearing his worn AC/DC t-shirt in the wide open room. He made a mental note to introduce Cas to AC/DC, and couldn’t believe he’d let it go so long. Cas’ hair was longer and a little shaggy. Maybe he was letting it grow. What a funny thought.
Cas’ eyes snapped up, and his hands curl into fists. “I may be a poor excuse for an angel, but that doesn’t make me powerless,” he snarled.
“All right, Sammy! Finally losing your virginity, good on you.” Dean grinned. While Sam’s departure was unexpected, he was equally glad that he and Cas would get to have some alone time.
The first thing he sees is white light. The energy trickles through every one of his bones. He’s white-hot, too big to be contained. Shadows of wings burst across the bunker wall, but they’re real to him, they’re just outside of the mortal plane. He’s roaring like a lion somewhere behind his ear, and seeing from all angles, seeing colours that never existed before. He blinks his human eyes.
"Write him a new story," Dean said. "One that changes him."
Instead, he laughed.
Cas didn’t say thank you. He knew better than that. They walked slowly down the street to the nearest motel. They got weird looks when they checked in, and there was the familiar mutter of,
Dean wants to crawl inside that low rumble of a voice and curl up there forever. Delirious, he says, “Yes.”
Cas awkwardly assuages him. “It’s my understanding that humans have multiple homes during different phases of their life. And that transitions are typically painful.”
Eventually, they stopped their steady circle and stilled, swaying together in a large square of light cast by the window. Cas closed his eyes, and Dean took the opportunity to steal a swift kiss. The corners of Cas’ mouth twitched, but he didn’t open his eyes. Dean took a hand off of Cas’ waist to cup the angel’s face. Cas let out a breath of contentment. Dean said quietly, “We should do this again.”
“I’m good,” Dean says.
He cleaned the dirt off my face, felt my shaking hands and I let him. I knew nothing else, no one else to trust, so I let him. And when he took me into his arms, warm and solid, I thought how much bigger he seemed now that I was human. How much bigger than me he was, now that there was a burning in my shoulder-blades where my wings had been, where they'd been ripped away. Unknowingly, his hands pressed in just that place, and I let out a sob. He whispered my name over and over again, a litany of
"I mean, why trap Amara to have free reign over all of creation if you don't care about any of it?"
Dean squeezed his eyes shut. “My prom date.”
“But last time Cas stole grace from an angel, it was finite. It burned out. Like an organ transplant that didn’t take or something.”
“Tuesday,” Cas answered lightly.
Dean feels Cas’ cock, filling up his channel and stretching him, thrust straight against his prostate and he sees stars. He swears and rocks on Cas’ cock, clenching around him as pleasure shoots through him again.
Dean almost forgot about the snow falling around them, he was so wrapped up in Cas. He let out a soft sigh of frustration, pushing Cas’ trench coat off his shoulders. That was better. He shoved his own jacket to the floor before returning to his previous attentions. Their kisses were warm and wet and deep. Cas groaned and Dean’s eyes flickered shut. He could feel himself getting hard in his jeans, heart speeding up. Their bodies were perfectly flush. Dean couldn’t remember the last time they’d stopped to breathe.
But as we kissed, he grew more frantic, more distressed. While my own treacherous body responded to his desperate advances, I noticed he was still soft in his jeans. I gently put a finger to his lips and pushed him away. When he realized what the matter was, he glared disparagingly down at his crotch, and muttered something about too much whiskey.
Sam laughed a little at that. “No. And it wasn’t ever hide-n-seek, really.”
Dean closed his eyes for a moment, letting it wash over him.
of him, as if Cas was pouring more of his grace into Dean. He drank it in eagerly, happy to be a mere droplet of water in the face of this absolute, holy glory.
Did I overdo it on the fluff?
It’s Cas’ voice, and Dean opens his eyes. Cas pulls the sheets off them, but Dean shoots a hand out and pins him back where they were.
“I… Yeah.” Dean’s voice was inches away from cracking.
When he answered Cas’ kiss with a barely there thrust of his hips, he didn’t expect the pleasure spiking through them to completely floor him. He could feel what Cas could feel as well as the sensations from his own body, could
There were a few moments of silence before Cas materialized in front of him. “Dean,” he said almost laughing.
“Trust me,” Dean pleads. “Remember. You said to me, what’s real about all this, we are. You’ve got to come, and you’ve got to come quick. Please.”
“Think I could steal a kiss?” Dean smirked. Cas lifted his head up for a moment, traced the line of Dean’s jaw with a finger and then leaned in and kissed him, deep and sweet. Dean let out a soft sigh of satisfaction.
Cas growled low in his throat, still looking at him. “I want to see you.”
Cas hummed at the correction. He ran his fingers over Dean’s collarbone, pushing the edges of his shirt away. “Dean,” he whispered into Dean’s skin, the feeling sending butterflies fluttering through his skin. “This has been a most enlightening experience.”
That was how they came to be sitting in the Impala, August sun streaming through the windows onto the leather seat, Dean playing the drums on the dashboard and Cas wrinkling his nose.
When he moved just that bit closer to Cas, angled his chin up and pressed them together in a proper kiss, it crashed over him.
But then, Cas hadn't come back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMbATaj7Il8
Dean opened his mouth and shut it again. “Right,” he muttered. “Good. Real good.” He trailed off. Cas was watching the final embers of the sunset.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mean, you’re centuries old, one of the most powerful creatures in the world, and you know next to nothing about having a good time.” He paused.
Cas knows better now what Dean means by that. The need isn’t utilitarian, isn’t merely sexual either: it’s a need just for Cas himself. Well, Cas thinks, almost disbelieving as he teases the head of his cock up and down Dean’s crack, perhaps miracles are possible.
“Dean.” Cas’ gravelly voice demanded his attention.
Cas and Dean go off on a roadtrip.
“Yeah. He does that.” Dean let out a small, lopsided smile.
Dean can’t tell if he’s still crying. The rain masks it, if he is. Not that it’s a mask Cas won’t see through. “Damnit,” he says as he takes Cas’ face between his hands. Blue eyes stare, waiting. Anger swirls low in his gut, that Cas would mess with his memories like this, that Cas was thinking about him
“I’ve got you,” Dean says. “I’ve got you.”
As it was, he said my name, low and hoarse and ragged. "Cas." I almost had to read it off his lips.
Dean called out to Cas with all his heart to wake him. He walked for God knows how long, drawing on the same reserves of determination he used to fight his way through Purgatory. When he found him, surrounded by inky blackness, Cas was blinking his blue eyes open, too stunned to speak when Dean picks him up and carried him in his arms, one hand clasped tight enough to bruise round his shoulder.
And he would’ve been freaking out, if Sam had said this months ago, before Dean had said it to Cas himself. “I… uh, yeah.” And that was that. Perhaps not the most articulate expression of emotion, but it would do. Sam nodded, grinned, tripped over the bath tub on the way out, and went to search the other half of the bunker.
Dean looked down and saw his skin
“I thought you wouldn’t look,” Sam admitted somewhat bashfully.
Dean paused to look up at him, and the hunter’s breath caught in his throat. The white light from the window washed over the angel’s chest, and shadows passed over him as snowflakes drifted by. His lips were slightly parted, blue eyes wide and staring deep into Dean’s. Dean thought he ought to say something, but he didn’t know what or how.
"Yeah. I don't know why I didn't go out and get them." Dean frowned.
Dean works a hand between them and cups the outline of Cas’ hardness.
“Well, I – yeah.” Dean took a hand off the steering wheel, running it through his brown hair. “I don’t know anymore. I used to. But other stuff, it’s more important. I can’t have a normal life, and I know that now.”
“And it seems like the world ending is still frickin’ nigh,” he echoed my thoughts.
Dean shrugged. “Long story. You want a beer?”
I stayed silent, my mind still tracking on what he had said earlier. I could still die, tomorrow. So could he. We were at war with heaven and hell.
Dean tries praying again, but Cas doesn't answer. He thinks if he could just
“You’re ridiculous sometimes,” Dean hummed happily. He wasn’t sure he ever felt this good before Cas.
Dean walked away. “Lemme find you a clean shirt,” he said, bending over to sort through his drawers. He picked out a faded blue button up and turned around, handing it to Cas. He’d forgotten that he couldn’t look Cas in the face, and so he did. He pressed his lips together so he couldn’t let out that final comprehending, “Oh.”
“Where the hell did you get those?” Dean asked, wondering if he would ever get used to Cas appearing before his eyes.
For a moment, it felt like something strange and utterly out of place. His head was spinning, trying to understand the foreign feeling of Cas’ grace melting into his body. But then, it was almost as if the heat of his body warmed it up, and he could recognize
Dean supposed it was them getting even when he got into his car the next morning for a pie-run and taped to his steering wheel is a letter; the only part of which he could remember was that, included somewhere inside, was a comparison of Dean to a rose.
Learning to Fly, by Pink Floyd (Not the Tom Petty one from the beginning! This one is profound in a whole 'nother way.)
“That’s something humans do, isn’t it? It seems interesting.” Cas was leaning against the door behind him. Dean could feel the angel’s eyes flickering over him.
“Uh,” Dean stammered intelligently. It was dark in the room – Cas hadn’t bothered to turn on the light – and so he couldn’t even
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WowZLe95WDY
“Cas?” He called out. His head pounded, and for a moment it was nothing more than the simple desire for (nearly) human warmth, as well as an angelic hangover cure, that made him call.
“It’s not surprising. Half of the demon world thinks we’ve been
But I am! I have my debut novel coming out with an indie press this fall: it’s an LGBTQ+ coming-of-age romance story, complete with philosophical musings, angst, and ambiguously requited love.
Cas laughs.
Cas. He stared up at Cas, and remembered the words that held him steady.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Ddl52hbaM
My favorite Stones song.
Dean tore his jeans and boxers off, letting out a short sigh of relief. When Cas looked up at him, still waiting, he took off his jacket, shirt, and t-shirt. He knelt gently on the warm ground, sitting back on his heels. His dick was throbbing, begging for him to touch it. He wasn’t used to being naked like this, wasn’t used to being watched instead of being touched. Jerking off in front of an angel. How exactly had he gotten here? “Take your shirt off,” he asked thickly.
“Dean,” Cas grit out, pulling Dean back to his knees.
Dean let Cas kiss him, but he was more intent on wrapping his arms around the angel, drawing him in close and calming his frantic heartbeat. There was something breakable and yet so, so strong about Cas when he was like this. Dean felt guilt sweep him in a brief wave for thinking Cas didn’t feel anything like he did, and he gave himself over completely to their kisses. Dean’s eyes were closed, only flickering open briefly to catch a sliver of Cas’ dark lashes fluttering and blue eyes, maybe a triangle of his cheekbone if he was lucky. They melted together, and while Cas’ heartbeat still felt like a fluttering butterfly through the fabric against his bare skin, it wasn’t so wretchedly desperate. Cas was still crying, and their cheeks were both wet with tears. Dean didn’t want to wipe them away, they caught the light and shone and in an odd way, he loved them.
There was a flutter of wings. Cas appeared holding an esoteric-looking plant with a bee still buzzing at its top. “My apologies,” he said. “I was repollinating the Siberian flowering ferns – they’re dying out.”
"All right then." Dean settled down against the tree trunk, his shoulder pressing against Cas'. There were a few moments of comfortable silence, in which Dean stopped to marvel at how strange his life was.
Sam’s wrapping his arms around Cas, too, saying “Man, it’s good to have you back.”
Cas wrote quickly, his handwriting messy, but he never erred from his task. Dean was surprised and slightly angry Cas had that much self-restraint. He was jerking himself hard, like he liked it. Cas stared at him like he was a muse or some magical creature, mesmerized by the rise and fall of his hand, the quick pants of his breath.
“Dude, could you be any more gay?” Dean asked as Cas contemplated how best to undo the wrapping.
“No.” Cas paused and turned to look at Dean. “Are we here on a hunt? Nothing to do with Samhain, I hope.”
"That's not true, Dean." I pressed my lips together, to stop them from trembling. My throat ached to let a sob out. The feeling was becoming ever more familiar to me, but I held the tears back.
“Show me your wings.” The softly spoken words tumbled between them, sealed with a kiss. Cas stared at Dean for a moment. Dean continued his earlier teasing, sometimes just running a finger up the length of Cas’ dick. He knew the angel must be making a decision. He didn’t even know if what he’d asked was possible, but he thought it had to be. Cas could see his soul, and he wanted to see Cas’ wings. He was dying to sink down on his lover’s penis, to show Cas the same bliss Cas had given him before. But he wouldn’t, not yet.
Dean’s heart thudded in his chest as he stared at Cas, this
Fuck, he was losing it to the heat spreading through his stomach, to the pure feel of it all. He tried to hold back. He’d wanted to fuck Cas while he came. Dean moaned. “Fuck, Cas.” The words were hoarse, pure.
“You do?” Dean found himself suddenly confronted with a pair of bright blue eyes and a slight smile.
I remembered that once, he made me hear beautiful words only with his hands. Had showed me more than I could bear to think of now, such pure pleasure he had coaxed out of me. I felt like I must be broken and bleeding somewhere inside, and it was in this state that those wondrous memories spurred me to grab a hold of his shoulders and kiss him roughly, desperate to make him understand. He stood stiffly as if deciding what to do, as I needily pressed myself against him, pleading with my body.
” The lump in Dean’s throat dissipated. “I’ve been directed to spend my time on Earth hunting demons and monsters. Doing their dirty work, I suppose. For the rest of my, nearly eternal life, they told me I must wander like Cain did, slaying evil where I find it.”
Oh, the folly of men! A wave of relief swept over me. He hadn't meant it. None of it. He was sorry. It didn't matter. Still, I stayed frozen, although my gaze softened. Hesitantly, he reached out, and brushed the side of my cheek with his fingers. I melted into his touch, taking it as proof, proof that I wasn't broken, that we were all right.
They stayed up through the night, Dean telling Cas all the plots of the various Elvis movies. Sam laughed, asking, “You really watched those things?” but then was quiet while Dean talked.
When Cas has finished riding out his orgasm, his thrusts slow to a halt, and he collapses on top of Dean. He doesn't pull out, just drapes himself over the other man and presses a lazy kiss to Dean's jaw.
“Muscle mass, huh?” Dean slid down to the floor, looking around the room. It was tiny, with stone walls and the usual weapons dotted on the shelves. If anything, they looked a little bare. “Whatever.” He took another sip of his beer. Cas didn’t seem particularly chatty.
“You’ve never made me hot soup,” Cas pointed out, and Dean almost laughed. “But I doubt it would have a great effect. Me not being able to taste it and all.”
Hey, feel free to recommend me songs! If they fit with the theme I'll try and find a way to work 'em in. :)
Dean stepped to one side, and Cas followed after a moment, frowning. Dean said softly, “Don’t overthink it. Just move.” He was, of course, talking out of his ass. He didn’t really know a damn thing about dancing. But Cas seemed to like the advice, and they moved more smoothly after that.
Somewhere along the line, he stopped talking, and started praying. He knew Cas could hear every word. He’d never been much one for praying, but he prayed to Cas. He caressed the curves of Cas’ shoulders before running a fist up his lower back. His prayer ended suddenly. It wasn’t coherent words in Dean’s mind, more of a feeling. Cas heard it, though. Loud and clear.
“Although I must admit, it was a beautiful experience.” Cas planted a kiss in the hollow of Dean’s chest.
“It’ll be faster this way,” Cas said, laying one hand on the steering wheel and the other on Dean’s wrist.
"In those songs you played me... I was under the impression that 'baby' was frankly illogical slang for your lover. Were they talking about cars, Dean?" If Dean hadn't been too busy laughing his head off, he might have noticed the soft growl in which Cas always said the word
Sam had taken to lending Cas books to read. After Cas saying probably more than he should have about Dean teaching Cas about humanity, the younger brother had decided Cas should know a little more about life than burgers and how best to pick up chicks. Dean knew, though, that it wasn’t strictly lending. Sam went out every week and sorted through the local thrift store for classics and anything he thought was interesting, and gave them to Cas. Whenever Cas finished a book, Sam would always insist Cas keep it in his room. Cas was blissfully unaware of the whole arrangement, but was always grateful. They spent a lot of time talking about the books. While Dean always rolled his eyes, it made him smile a little too. Just a little. Funny to think how the Winchesters were taking Cas under their wings.
"Cas," he said, and it sounded like a plea.
“No,” Dean said, waving a hand. “That’s… dorky.”
“That’s life,” Dean said, not even making an effort to disguise the grin that was creeping across his face. He’d always wanted Cas to be happy, but the concern had been preying more on his mind ever since that first day in the woods. And of course it hadn’t been all him, but the idea that he’d helped Cas – how did he put it? – expand, that kindled something in Dean’s chest. “Come on. What say we celebrate?”
Cas stood for a moment, stock still with surprise, water soaking through his blue shirt. Then his eyes blazed with mock-fury and he lunged for Dean, knocking him down and into the water. Dean squeezed his eyes shut as he was bowled over and under, and they tangled together. Then Cas jerked him back up by the collar of his shirt, and he spluttered, laughing. Cas’ initial expression of concern shifted and the corners of his eyes crinkled as he smiled. Dean pretended not to even notice the clunky shutter of the Polaroid being pressed from where Sam sat on the shore. Instead, he reached out for Cas’ hand and pulled him closer, meeting him for a quick kiss. He tasted, unsurprisingly, like lake water.
“Watching over you,” Cas mumbled, but stood by Dean.
Dean spun around, blood rushing to his cock just from Cas’ words, and pinned Cas back against the shower tiles. He glanced around. There was nothing in the shower stall which could even possibly be used for lube, apart from the conditioner. He bit his lip, but Cas just snapped his fingers and the familiar bottle of lube appeared. Dean grinned. “You really gotta show me more of your angel mojo sometime. I bet it has,” he lowered his voice, hunkering in close, “All kinds of uses.” Cas raised a single eyebrow as he opened the lube bottle, pouring some on his own fingers. Dean’s eyes widened as he watched Cas reach his hand behind himself and start to open himself up. Dean sank down to his knees and licked up Cas’ length. Cas breathed raggedly, trying to stay focused as Dean teased him. He was nearly coming by the time he yanked his fingers away and shoved Dean away. Dean grinned as Cas said his name in a rush, a hard, desperate edge to the word. “Dean.” Dean spun him around so Cas’ palms were on the tile and spread the angel’s ass cheeks before pushing into hot, wet, oblivion. The water from the shower pounded on his back as he started to thrust into Cas. Cas cried out, canting his hips back to meet Dean’s thrusts, fingers scrabbling at the tile for purchase. Dean put his palms over the back of Cas’ hands so their fingers half intertwined, and it took only three well-placed thrusts before Cas was practically shouting with pleasure, dick spattering cum into constellations on the shower wall and on Cas’ stomach. Dean grinned as he worked Cas through it, watching as the angel’s body started to jerk from overstimulation.
Dean didn’t say anything, just held Castiel even tighter. Maybe later he’d worry about the right thing to say, or what this meant – but then he knew exactly what this meant – or about finding their clothes, or about the seat upholstery, or about the blizzard outside, but he wouldn’t think about it just now. For just now, they’d said all there was to say. The light, which played over them so gently, had turned blue. It was cold outside, but they were warm, pressed together like nothing existed either after today or outside the car.
I blinked. I hadn't expected him to admit it. Perhaps he was only saying it to ground me. When opened his eyes, went to say more, I lifted a single finger to his lips. I didn't want to hear it, any of it. I spoke a thousand languages and none of them spoke as clearly as his heartbeat thrumming against mine.
Cas was crouching under the table on his hands and knees. "I can't find my coat." Dean hadn't thought a bashful glare was possible, but that was the exact look Cas directed at him then.
“Oh, Dean.” Cas turned over, catching the hand that had been stroking his shoulder blades in his own hand. He pulled Dean down on top of him, and snapped his fingers. The lights flickered off. Dean shifted in the embrace so Cas was now in his arms, his head nestled between the hunter’s shoulder and neck. It felt safer this way. In the dark, it was almost like they couldn’t see themselves break.
Jack looks endlessly sad as he slides the angel-blade into Dean’s navel, where it sparks and he feels himself extinguish.
He drove off humming, watching Cas in the rearview mirror. Cas had his nose pressed to the glass, eagerly taking in the familiar view. As a result, Dean’s driving was slightly subpar, and he swerved over the white line in the middle of the road more times than he cared to count. Luckily, the road was pretty empty, and Sam said all he needed to with a satisfied smirk.
. Dean grinned and used one hand to lift Cas’ leg up. Cas got the idea after a minute and wrapped both of his legs around Dean, moaning and falling back against the pillows at the new angle. Dean was pretty sure his memory foam mattress wouldn’t know
They were about halfway there. When they’d pulled into the next town and the sun had set, Dean had set off to the nearest bar, leaving Cas in the motel room. It wasn’t like the guy couldn’t leave if he wanted to. He’d staked a firm claim on the seat nearest the hot bartender out of habit. A guy needed a break from laconic angels every once in a while, he told himself. It was just an hour and a few shots. He didn’t have any intention of seriously wooing the bartender, but he certainly hadn’t meant to spill his guts out to her. He walked out of the bar with suspiciously wet eyes, inebriated and with the bartender’s parting greeting of ‘Damn good luck’. Dean walked into the motel room, not really expecting Cas to be there. He got a surprise when Cas was curled on the farthest bed like a cat, reading. The guitar was propped up against the bed, and Dean smiled. That meant Cas had taken it out of the trunk and played it while he was away.
“So good, Dean. So perfect,” Cas hisses and it’s done.
fucking say that to me?!" He reared away, face twisting. "You, of all people."
Dean led him wordlessly down the hallway and into their bedroom. “Yeah,” he whispered as he sealed their promises with a kiss.
me, oh,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut against the unimaginable feelings. “It’s like I’m holding your soul again and you’re holding me and Dean,” he rambled. Dean was losing himself in the wet heat of Cas, and everything blurred together. His touches on Cas’ skin, Cas kisses, the words Cas wreathed around them.
“You can count on it,” he answered with a grin.
“I suppose so,” Cas said. “I like to think that, even back in that barn, I knew that there was something between us, something different. Even before I knew its name.”
He read books he'd never heard of before, books he'd slept on in highschool, but mostly, it was anything he thought Cas might like. He was reading The Little Prince and kept tripping up on the same passage. He read it through and through again when he noticed tears pricking at the back of his eyelids. He closed the book gently and pretended he didn't know why his cheeks were wet.
Dean covered his own dick in lube, closing his eyes and resisting the urge to jack himself hard and fast until he got his release. He swallowed, and pulled Cas to his feet. The angel frowned, but let his eyelids flutter as water ran down his chest. Dean shoved him against the wall, and Cas’ eyes went wide. Dean kissed him then, letting his tongue probe deeply into Cas’ mouth, and Cas moaned into him. Without another word, Dean lifted Cas off his feet and pinned him up against the wall, pleased at his own strength. Cas blinked, and then wrapped his legs obligingly around Dean’s waist. Dean swallowed, and then lined himself up with the angel’s open hole, Cas tilting his hips against him.
“I’ll take the back,” they said simultaneously.
“Remember what?” The words sounded blunt, even to him.
“Uhh…” Dean glimpsed Cas out of the corner of his eye. “Not if you don’t want to.” He eventually said.
“With you there, man, with you there.” Dean looked blankly at the table in front of him, and realized all the shot glasses were empty. Shit, he hadn’t drank this much in forever. Cas was talking about something, gesticulating with his hands and staring in the mirror behind the bar, cheeks flushed and hair a mess, but the words were blurring together and Dean just stared.
Cas slammed the Impala trunk, clothes already magically dried, and confessed sheepishly, “I transmuted the molecules in regular paper to make more.”
He hasn’t said anything out of the ordinary in the message, but something about it drains him. Unexpectedly, he wishes someone was there to hold him. It’s okay. He’s read all the books, after all: he knows the road to healing is rarely smooth or straight. He returns to heaven, to a secluded glade. It looks a lot like the place Dean crawled out of his grave after Castiel resurrected him. The sun beats down into the centre of it, and with a flick of his fingers, Cas is naked except for his trenchcoat. Sunbathing. He’d caught Amara at it once, by a lush hot spring.
He can’t stop thinking about Dean kissing him. But Dean hadn’t meant it. The first time, it had been to give him the grace, which burned gloriously through him, making him whole again, his one consolation. Then Cas had kissed him, drunk on power and wholeness and living again, had gotten lost. Dean had kissed back, and Cas had thought...well. But when he came back to himself, when he saw how Dean held himself away from Cas as soon as they separated, he knew what it was.
It burned, but it was a good pain. His dick ached against his stomach. “Cas,” he whispered.
“Well, I-” Cas threw his arms up. “It’s just the same as before. Except this time I’m broken.” The anger swirling low in his gut evaporated, replaced by a horrible sinking feeling. “You don’t need me to help you.” Cas’ bottom lip twitched. “You didn’t trust me to save you or that girl; why would you? I’ve done nothing but break since I got here.”
They emerged into a giant pumpkin field. Dean grinned and broke into a jog. He sat on one of the giant pumpkins and Cas followed suit, running his hands over it like it might be a meteor from outer space. Dean pulled a knife out of his back pocket – a little big for the purpose, but it’d do. Kneeling on the hard ground, he deftly cut one pumpkin and then another from the coarse, tangling vines that connected them. He lobbed one of them at Cas, trying not to laugh as the angel nearly dropped it.
Dean’s door squeaked as it swung open, a sliver of light appearing as Cas peered around the edge of it.
Dean couldn’t speak.
If Dean hadn’t been so pissed off about Cas frikkin’
“Mm,” Dean moaned into him, watching him rock against the vibrations. “Are you touching yourself, Cas? Want you to touch yourself.”
Trying to save the world, one last time. Over the table, while they flipped through heavy tomes, surrounded by emptying bottles and brimming-up despair, they batted questions back and forth.
Dean’s hands tightened on the steering wheel. “Well, shit, Cas. If I knew the answer to that, we wouldn’t live off of credit card scams and whiskey.”
I know, I know, Twist and Shout gave you PTSD from this song. So I thought I'd reclaim it. OK by y'all? This is more or less the set-up for the next (and final, Jesus!) chapter, which I'll be posting tomorrow. Stay with me!
The word nearly knocked Dean’s tears out of him. Nearly. “Heaven? Why would you – why did you go there?” There was an edge to his voice now, a hint of that dangerous tone he used so effectively when torturing confessions out of demons. It seemed to say,
, John says, hauling him up and clapping him on the back. Dean bites his lip to keep from crying out. His dad told him to be strong, that Winchesters don’t feel pain. Dean wants to cry, so he clenches his hands into fists and keeps them there until his fingernails are bloody and red.
Somehow, with Cas here right now, it feels right. And yet, it feels like something Dean can’t talk about. He clears his throat, shifting in his seat like he can’t get comfortable.
It makes Dean run a hand down the sleeve before he clasps their hands together. There’s a quick glance down as Dean rubs his thumb across Cas’ bare knuckles.
Dean draws closer. He starts rambling, tripping over his words. “We hunt monsters. Ghosts, shapeshifters, you name it. It’s real—it’s real, all of it.”
He’s getting out of school one day, taking a shortcut across the soccer field when they show up.
So Dean wakes up suddenly, body jerking forward and hands clutching at anything to ground him.
Castiel is not foolish. He knows this. Yes, there are still doubts. But looking at Dean Winchester now, he’s beginning to understand why he feels an affinity for the man. Something about raging at the world and say,
She wants to laugh. Nothing matters. Nothing. Jess doesn’t want monsters; she doesn’t want ghosts or shapeshifters. It doesn’t even seem real. An intrusive thought creeps into her head—
The kiss is a hot line of fire—burning, burning, burning—and Dean thinks of Hell for the first time. It doesn’t stop plaguing him.
“Do you not think I’ve been hearing your prayers since the day I pulled you out of Hell? The want you have?”
A kiss is placed into Dean’s hair. “I won’t go anywhere.”
Cas thought he would send the baker off with a couple of honey jars and hope that he used them. Exchange done, they go their separate ways; Cas takes care of Dean from a distance, like orbiting a sun, but in no danger of getting hurt.
“Baby?”
Dean is stumped. He still doesn’t know what to do.
He couldn’t save Cas like he can’t save anyone else. Each and every one of his nightmares ends up with him staring at Cas—blue eyes filled with tears, a content smile on his face—and thinking how it wasn’t supposed to end this way.
“In-ūi góa mā ài lí.” Dean closes his eyes, leans into the touch.
So he doesn’t say them.
But this? How can he mourn something he didn’t used to believe in? Someone he didn’t believe used to exist? The simple answer is that he can’t.
Cas locks eyes with the baker, an amiable expression on Dean’s face, and feels something not quite rage. Why did Dean have to be, well, Dean Winchester?
unable to sleep.
A hand grabs his forearm.
And this? This is where the problems start.
“No, Dean.”
It's not long before she’s pounding on the window, looking at a curled up Dean Winchester. His chest rises slightly, though the puff of air he exhales can be seen.
“What d’ya want?” Dean asks, knocking his foot against Castiel’s.
He has to admit, being a passenger allows him to see how beautiful Lebanon is—the way the trees are starting to change color and there’s sweater sales for days. Even when it’s raining out.
thanks for reading!
Sounds of utensils now, followed by a question. “What is this?”
Her name is called. That's Sam! Sam, he’s home. But she still can’t move.
If anything, Cas had more soul, more love than him.
“Why don’t you let me help, at least to your booth? Four hands are better than two.”
Cas gestures to the thermos. “Drink up.”
Cas sways slightly.
“I'm sorry.” Dean's voice is hoarse, like he’s also been crying. “I know I failed. He was my little brother. I was supposed to look out for him, you know?”
In Chinese, there’s two ways to say death. But Dean has always used 過世. The meaning is such a clear-cut passing from Earth, even though for Dean, death doesn’t really matter. They always come back. And even then, Cas and him have always done that together—in Hell, in Purgatory. When they’ve been separated, they’ve always found their way back to each other.
Sam knocks one fist against the library door frame, parsing out words. Finally, all he says is, “Okay. I’m going out. Call me if you need me.”
He starts walking forward, forcing Dean to retreat until the back of the man’s knees hit the bed and he collapses. Dean looks incredulous, staring up at Castiel with a mixture of awe and fury. It turns into a look of shock as Castiel splays his hand at the hinge of Dean’s jaw, a shudder running through his entire body at the contact.
She doesn’t know how to respond. Her heart sinks at the situation. Even with her anger and sadness, there’s something about seeing him now.
“That’s pretty Catholic there, man. Thou shalt not covet and all that.” Dean shakes his head. “Don’t know how I’m going to compete with communal bread when I actually made you your own loaf.”
“Make yourself at home,” Cas calls out, and that feels right too. The beekeeper disappears into the kitchen, pulling out ham and cheese and crepe batter. It’s early enough that breakfast food is still permissible.
“No.” The word is final, absolute. Dean pushes away, brushing past her to look at the coffin. Hand over mouth, unbelieving.
Cas gathers the bloody hands in both of his, examining the cuts. “I did not ask you what you wanted, Dean Winchester, I asked you what you need.” The other man hisses in pain as Cas prods the open wounds.
He leans his head back against the wall, blinking back more tears. There’s an emptiness in the room that’s slowly suffocating him.
Cas can’t take it back. It’s out there now.
“Dean.”
Dean inhales sharply, red-rimmed eyes pleading. “I can't. Jess, I can't.”
It’s that singular question—
“No time. Traffic was killer on the way in. I’m about 30 minutes late in set-up.” Dean gestures to the rest of the table, bags of full loaves haphazardly tossed on top. “Look at it. It’s a disaster zone.”
This is stolen rice and the well-worn photo that he keeps in his wallet. Dean thinks of Mazu, the sea goddess. Thinks of how they traveled from motel to motel, a wide open sea of grass, and how if she protected sailors on their journey, maybe she could protect him.
Dean crowds closer to Cas, hands hovering over the lapels of the trench coat, about to push him out. He forgets that Castiel is only in a vessel, that the angel’s power is incomprehensible to humans.
A second passes before Dean recognizes Castiel, drawing back and running a hand down his face. A wince, then, as Dean forgets the open wounds.
Cas’ stare becomes shrewish. He tilts his head. God, the
Jess bites her lip. Looks away. She looks at Dean, at anywhere other than the man in front of her. It’s too soon to do this—to face the truth, to understand Sam's not coming back.
The Empty rumbles, cracks open. A gaping maw of black smoke surrounds both of them, ready to eat.
“Castiel. Castiel Novak.”
“Awesome! I’ll get you a slice next time we make it then. Just got in a batch of apples from Linda’s Orchard.”
Cas scowls over at the booth next to him.
Cas gives Dean a small kiss at his hairline. “I’d like you to believe it too.”
“Better now?”
Dean’s voice is rough when he answers. It’s more hesitant that Cas has ever seen the hunter before.
The rain is still pouring down as Dean pulls into the driveway. Cas’ house—with the white trim with blue paint, the potted flowers on the railing—is small, but it’s his.
He narrows his eyes suspiciously at that. Of course Dean would be good at kissing as well. Not that Cas needed a lot of convincing.
Cas leans in to drop a kiss against Dean’s temple, taking care with Dean, as always.
It’s the next thought she has that breaks her.
“Yeah, um, go ahead.” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “Take your time.”
Each drag of air is too little, a drowning man trying to convince himself it’s enough.
He leans down to clutch the handles of his duffel.
Eventually, it will be time to get up, time to face the day. But for now, for just this five minutes, both of them can have this.
“Dean. Winchester. The tea is not going to kill you. I, however, just might if you
Dean clenches his hands against the wheel. The tape deck is on, playing a low croon of something. It makes Jess fidget, too scared after the vividness of her nightmare.
“Can I try? The raspberry honey with the bread.” Another voice made them both turn around. A blonde-haired woman stood in front of the table—Cas’ first customer of the day.
“You have to tell me. What you were really doing.”
“I just—” Despite everything, Dean still can’t say it. There’s a look that passes between the two of them. Cas can’t describe it, this feeling in his chest. Somehow, right now, it’s different than before.
There is no trace of the scared look on Dean’s face. He’s alert. Tired, yes, but ultimately alert, like he’s been all his life.
Which is why Cas is currently looking solemnly at the other stall. It’s been a week and two hours since Dean told him he was bringing a pie to the market. But it didn’t seem like Dean had done that; it make Cas marginally more happy, thinking that the awkward transactions even a year into knowing each other were going to stop.
Jess can’t move. Paralyzed, one hand outstretched.
Dean takes a breath, closing his eyes, as an unwanted memory starts to pop up. There isn’t time for that.
The look on Dean’s face is too earnest. It breaks Cas’ resolve in half. He is sorely, sorely in love with Dean Winchester—a fact that makes him want to yell.
It would have been nice, but Cas’ body is a stiff corpse. He’s encased in ice. All he can think about is buddy. Buddy buddy buddy.
Cas leans in, gently presses a kiss to Dean’s lips. It only lasts for a second, yet Cas draws back to look at Dean; the man follows, drawn in by touch.
“Góa mā ài lí. I couldn’t say it before but góa mā ài lí. I got you back.” Dean’s voice cracks. “Let me say it too. Please.”
. And everything now is a litany of
The exclamation doesn’t make Dean move back in, but the shiver that runs through Cas at the next gust of wind does. It shouldn’t be this cold, but Cas figures the drive from his house to the farmer’s market chilled him more than he suspected. There’s a reason he’s always bundled up in sweaters.
The breath that escapes Dean is sudden, harsh. He cannot look away from Cas, rapt with attention. He also wants to look away. Cas does not let him.
“What if I don’t want to get up?” Dean’s voice is low, rough-worn and scratchy. It carries a tinge of sadness. “Are you going to leave?”
The words are slow to start, like they always are. “媽媽,” Dean whispers, and every emotion inside of him spills out. “媽媽, 請保護我. 讓我身體健康， 滿心愛了。請不要讓我繼續帶著這份悲傷。 Mom, I’m tired. But I’m going to do this thing—I’ve got to do it because it’s Cas. It’s Cas, Mom. And I can’t leave him there. I can’t—I gotta try.”
Something inside of Cas wants them to stay like this forever.
of them.
Dean grins, the corners of his mouth tugging upwards, as he pulls out a massive sourdough loaf and a slice of pie, pre-packaged with the
He first claps Cas on the shoulder, brushes hands when dropping off his latest breads. It makes something warm bloom inside Cas, though he’s quick to tamp that down.
Just as he’s resigned himself to the knowledge that Castiel truly,
And in that moment, Jess knows it’s yes. She exhales harshly. “Fucking take me with you then.”
Pain blossoms across Dean’s shoulder and he’s trying to get up quickly, even as John’s there with his usual shotgun. The area burns, very likely already forming a bruise.
It’s like a record player, his words—
No art supplies, no law texts,
If Dean had more tact, he would have just ignored it; but his eyes flick down, watching how the guy puts it in front of him like a shield. The other man hunches over further in the seat, flinching away from Dean’s gaze.
There’s a sharp silence that stretches out before them—Dean pursing his lips, staunchly looking away. If only he looked back at Cas, he would see the other man’s cheeks reddening.
She can’t seem to get warm anymore.
“Fuck that.” Jess clenches her hands. The motion leaves red marks in her skin, four perfect crescent moon shapes on either side. “Sam is gone. He's gone. And he shouldn’t be, so tell me.”
Cas nods along, still more focused on getting warm. Dean puts the tin on the dash before unscrewing and handing over one of the cups to Cas. “Careful,” he warns, “it’s going to be hot.”
“You’re a fucking archangel, use your powers.” Dean grits his teeth, bites down on his words.
In the few days between leaving Dean and now, Castiel has made his decision. It is, perhaps, the second one that he can claim as his alone.
It’s all he can get out.
Dean grazes his thumb over Cas’ jaw again, making Cas wince. “Yeah, somehow that doesn’t convince me.”
me this.”
“I—” Cas starts, “I’m sure I can take care of it. It’s not serious.”
Right now, all she feels is anger.
“He was supposed to come back.”
Dean spends what seems like a lifetime digging his feet into the dirt, even though John will likely get mad when they go back to the hotel room. He’s about to call out, bored, when the thing whips past him. It shoves him, hard, and he falls, colliding with a rock.
There’s really not an answer for that. It’s never stopped hurting.
Rounding the corner he finds—Dean, who lets out a long, loud snore. Cas hangs his head. Well, at least he knows Dean’s not dead. The man in question snores yet again, this time so loudly that Dean shakes himself awake, looking blearily around until he locates Cas.
Thanks for reading!
Cassie’s backing away, though she’s still facing Dean. She has to get to her next class. Dean knows this.
It’s a familiar sight, something that Dean recognizes within himself—the fumbling of heritage when they should know what to do.
Jess thinks about it for a minute, about getting in the car. She thinks about the last time that Sam got in this car and how he disappeared.
His want runs deep, and in this moment, he is still looking at Dean Winchester.
God, she can’t stop crying. Her skin feels puffy and raw, skin rubbed off wiping her tears away.
Dean looks stricken, hand out in a comforting gesture that he aborted halfway through.
“You ask for too much.”
“You’re my buddy. Of course I want you to be okay.” Dean gestures at Cas. “I mean, look at today—you rode that scooter and almost froze to death.”
Jess feels so hopeless, abandoned here with a boy and a car and seemingly nothing else. She lets her head fall against Dean's chest. “Please,” she whispers.
Both of them are too weary now to make the same mistake. But it doesn't mean the worry goes away.
She nods, however hesitant. “The nightmare. It was about Sam, you know, that night. and I was there on the ceiling thinking that shouldn’t have been me.”
“Do you understand?”
It means he isn’t expecting her to quickly kiss him on the cheek. He snaps up, all wide-eyed and blushing.
It takes him a long while to drag himself from the floor, limbs achy and slow. He feels lost. Errantly, he brushes away his tears only to wince at tender skin.
There’s a beat of silence, neither one of them knowing what to say. It stretches out over both of them, somehow fragile and also too heavy. Jess can’t meet Dean's eyes.
Maybe—just maybe—if Dean is this much of a self-sacrificing person, Cas can take care of the baker too.
It’s all the permission Dean needs; he peels away and drives the rest of the way to the motel. He feels somewhat nervous, wholly unsure.
Dean has tried to refuse, but both of them are just on the right side of stubborn that everything is a stalemate.
Dean will not meet his gaze. The muscle in his jaw twitches, a sign he’s still gritting his teeth. After all they’ve been through in the last couple of days—the accusation by Famine, the never-ending hunger—it seems like Dean will not allow himself to voice his thoughts.
Sometimes he thinks about how Bobby mourned Karen, how he cried and screamed. A bastardization of a traditional Daoist funeral, like so many of the things he does.
Jess closes her eyes. She thinks about how her grief will swallow her whole. Are answers worth this?
A warm, familiar weight drops onto his shoulders. It’s Dean. The baker makes sure to pat Cas’ shoulder, like he always does now.
Dean captures Cas’ wrist, giving it a gentle kiss. If he concentrates hard enough, he can hear the faint whisper of Cas’ heartbeat.
“Looks like a busy day, huh? Barely been a minute where I wasn’t standing on my feet.”
Dean throws back the covers and jumps up, wildly searching for something, anything.
Cas has never seen shyness on Dean Winchester. In this moment, Cas decides it’s a good look. To be trusted with vulnerability, with Dean’s vulnerability, is something the ex-angel thought he would never have.
The beekeeper has no words. He’s stunned.
See, Castiel Novak covets Dean Winchester’s bread. And Dean Winchester does not know that. Cas refuses to tell him, especially because he knows that Dean will milk it for all it’s worth.
Castiel slips into the bathroom and Dean putters around the beds, fluffing up the pillows automatically.
Dean lets out an exhale, closing his eyes. This grief will drown him. It’s just a matter of how long.
The voice is rough, sleep-worn and just barely awake. Dean turns his head to look at Cas. The other man is half-asleep, eyes squinting to keep out light and hair smushed from the pillow. It’s hard, sometimes, to remember that he can have this, that it’s not going to be taken away.
He drags a hand down his face, tired but still,
“That one’s a sawed-off shotgun,” Dean replies, “it works pretty well with—”
Dean blinks, a bit stumped.
It’s been a long time since he’s been touched without the intent to harm. Somewhere along the way, that’s changed. If a younger version of him could see himself now, he wouldn’t believe it.
Dean wants to say something, though the words rattle in chest, stick to the top of his mouth. “Fuck you.”
“Better let me fix this real quick,” he murmurs, ducking down under the table and pulling a multipurpose pocket knife from his back pocket.
Cas cocked his head, slightly unsettled by the words; he was unsure why Dean would say something like that.
Sam’s voice rises with every word, hand clutched around Stanford brochures.
“Kiss me, then.”
“I said leave it.”
Dean looks up at Sam. Looks at him for a long while. There’s some part of him that wonders if Sam felt like this after Jess died, after Eileen died.
“I wouldn’t leave without saying thank you,” Castiel says, a deadpan look on his face. “I got food. It’s not much, I’m sorry.”
“Who’s—who’s that?”
“That was my job. I was supposed to keep him safe and I couldn't. I couldn't.”
The baker quickly unlocks the door, guiding Cas in and walking over to the other side. When he slides into the front seat, he’s smiling and running his hands over the steering wheel. Cas thinks the car must mean an awful lot to him, but he’s still unsure why they moved and voices his concern as such.
Jess stops, reeling back as if slapped. It’s not Dean she’s mad at.
Dean’s voice shakes when he calls down Michael. It unhinges everything inside him. There are some things he still cannot ask for. But this—this he can do.
It takes mere seconds for Dean to come back to Cas. The baker reaches out to press the frozen bag to Cas’ lip, but Cas stops him, steps back.
He doesn’t know how to be
“I believe your baking skills are up to par, yes.” Cas has a growing dread of where this is going.
So Dean keeps avoiding it; if he doesn’t say anything, then it does have to mean anything. They can go back to the way it was before.
Dean clicks his tongue against the roof of his mouth. “Well. You gonna lie again or what?”
Again, the sincerity. Dean swallows roughly.
Dean wouldn’t feel this much rejection if he wasn’t this smitten. He scuffs his feet against the grass, too much like a teenager asking his first date out.
Castiel shakes his head, a quick motion that goes unnoticed by the waitress.
“Guess that was implied.” The words leave him in a singular breath. “Does that—does that mean you’re staying?”
This time, though, this time Dean doesn’t know if he can follow.
, and what will stop him from taking? What will stop him from taking now that he has started making his own decisions?
A moment passes, then Cas steps back. If Dean is not ready, then Cas’ll wait; after all, he’s been alive for millennia. He can wait a while longer.
“As sure as life.”
. It’s an affront to handsome men everywhere that he’s so good at all these things.
The realization makes the breath catch in Cas’ chest. Because just like Cas can’t tell Dean how much he covets his bread, the beekeeper can’t tell Dean that perhaps he covets the baker as well.
that killed him killed my mom and now I gotta live with that! I've lost all my family!”
“Yes, Dean. Let’s go.”
Dean flicks open the lighter. Beckoning his brother over, he places three incense sticks into his hand before wrapping his fingers around the base. “Both hands,” he says as a reminder.
too late. Wasn’t enough.
“I’m really fine,” he repeats.
“Sammy, no.” There’s a hard edge to his tone, something he knows isn’t right. A pain shoots through his chest—the ache of it so familiar now Dean has just accepted it. He turns away, unable to keep looking at Sam, unable to face the pitying looks. “I can’t, Sam.”
They both look down at the map. Dean tap-tap-taps his hand against the table, his ring seemingly the only noise in the diner.
“You absolute scumbag,” Jess spits out, “he was supposed to come back. He was only supposed to be gone a few days. What the hell did you do?”
After Michael said no, Dean started to push himself into lore, into digging up anything he could about the Empty. Distantly, he remembers Billie talking about it the last time he died.
So Cas didn’t imagine it then; this kiss is just as good as the last time.
In those days, the smoke from the joss paper made his eyes water, even though they were on the balcony with fresh air.
Dean is a pleasant weight on Cas’s upper body, the ex-angel’s chin propped up on the hunter’s head. He traces different, mostly nonsensical patterns on Dean’s back.
Green eyes. Crow’s feet. The grey in the beard. Dean
is gone, the door opens.
The motion makes Dean’s eyes drift closed. He’s content like this.
He’s always been the fixer—the one who tried to keep their patchy life together. Keep them alive. The one thing is he’s never been around one place long enough to face the consequences of him going after something he wants.
“What?” Cas asks, unbelieving—an echo of disbelief.
“Buddy.” Dean laughs. “My voice always sounds like this.”
The look on Dean’s face is incredulous and Cas has a moment of smug satisfaction that he has made Dean Winchester speechless. As well as paid his debts. Two birds with one stone. Now he can go back to the conformable animosity that exists purely within his head. He does
Cas can feel his cheeks drain completely of blood; the tendency for his face to go completely pale after moments of embarrassment quite apparent now. He wishes he could just sink down into the middle of the Earth.
Dean swallows before shaking his head. The silence between them stretches out again, almost unbearable on the road.
Dean unlocks the door, leading Castiel into the room. “It’s nothing too big, but here’s the bedroom. Bathroom’s right there.” His hands draw up near his sides as he nods to the door across the room, fighting the urge to be like the lady on The Price is Right. Some prize—a dingy motel room, just the coffee pot and microwave to heat up food.
Cas just isn’t expecting it to happen like this.
. You were gone. Gone. And I didn’t know what to do. I—I failed. I didn’t save you.”
He leans forward to brush his lips against Dean’s temple again, slowly, while watching Dean do a full body shudder. “You are most vulnerable here. Most tender. It is the place that most return to when showing affection.”
There’s the sound of thunder roaring in her ears and an acrid taste in her mouth. She turns her head to one side, wishing that it didn’t remind her of blood so much. Sounds—something like heavy-soled boots—keep her grounded. She digs her hands into the wet grass, shivering despite the warm night.
Cas stops the door slamming shut with one hand. “Dean, we need to talk.”
Hope bubbles up in his chest, spills out of him in a laugh.
“House rules. I drive, so I get to choose the music.” Dean chuffs out a laugh. “I said—I said,
, he thinks,
But all it is a moth.
, almost.
Cas tilts his head, confused. “I don’t think moving in this weather is particularly wise.”
“You ever think that I want to?”
His hand brushes against something soft—Cas’ hair—before trailing down to his jaw. Up close, Dean can see how drained Cas is. The way his tired expression mirrors Dean’s.
Dean starts to withdraw. “Buddy, I won’t do it again if you don’t want to.”
It should have felt right. It should have felt like a new beginning. But Dean remembers seeing Sam and Jack and Cas and how they fit well together. Like a family.
There’s an unsettling feeling that nestles deep in his chest, making him restless even before he’s opened his eyes. Like he already knows something’s wrong. So waking up is a gasp awake, eyes wide and staring at the bed across from him.
Dean keeps talking. “If you won’t take care of yourself, what am I gonna do with you, huh?” He steps forward, grips Cas’ wrist and pulls him into a hug.
Sam is yelling, face contorted in anger. Eyes dark. Yelling at Dean.
Dean slams his fist against the floor in frustration, pain blossoming across his knuckles as the skin breaks open. It should hurt, but he can’t even make himself care about that.
They both know why.
Usually he takes the bed closest to the door. Habit, he supposes, after all those years shifting around whenever his dad lost a job. You didn’t know what would happen and it was better to be closer to the danger anyway, especially if he was going to protect Sammy.
He’s saved from answering by the next words out of Cas.
But Dean walks out of the room Cas is in, takes up residence in the part of the bunker Jack hasn’t even explored yet.
. Cas
“You’re buried under sweaters most of the time. Kinda hard not to notice.”
What exists between them is tenuous in the fact it’s new. Dean, for all of his bravado, is scared and wanting. So much so it’s hard to say it out loud.
Cas fails to suppress a snort. “You, apparently.”
Cas shivers yet again under the intensity of the gaze. Dean fucking Winchester with his charisma, with the crinkles around his eyes.
Dean drags his hands through his hair. He lets his head fall back against the wall, the soft thud it creates the only sound in the room. A harsh drag of air, the kind made when trying not to cry follows.
He doesn’t want to leave, not really. Everyone always leaves. But he didn’t expect himself to be the one going this time.
The beekeeper always tugs it closer to him, the weight a comforting thing. He would say it’s the closest Cas has gotten to a hug, but then again, Dean is the
Cas nods, looking anywhere but Dean.
Feels heavier now though.
Dean opens up his hands to lift Sammy up when his younger pauses and points to Dean’s hands.
“I found it, Dean.” Jack whispers. “I found it.”
Dean draws back, moving one hand to clasp the back of Cas’ neck. “Me? I told you, Cas, I’m fine. That half hour on your couch? Best damn sleep I’ve had in months.”
A shiver runs up his spine. He doesn’t have long.
What a fucking lie. Even what he said afterwards.
“You don’t—” Cas’ voice died down as he sees Dean shake his head.
Cas has to think for a moment, reorientate himself before answering. “Sorry, yes.” He slips his hand from Dean’s to point at the street and immediately feels the loss. “It’s this way.”
But Cas runs a single finger across Dean’s eyebrow, then across a cheekbone, over his lips. Tucks his fingers under the man’s jaw.
Sam raised his eyebrows, and Dean thought he was about to get a feminist rant about how doing what your girlfriend told you wasn’t being a pushover, but what he got instead was, “Right. You’re so good with girls you ended up banging a male angel.”
Dean looked up, meeting his brother in the eyes. He wasn’t so much surprised at the statement, it was more of a,
Healing hands, Dean thinks with too much remorse to muster more words. Cas turns to go and Dean sinks back into bed, reaches for the whiskey and drinks until he passes out. Cas loved him like a charity case, like the fucking Siberian ferns, like a saint loves his supplicants. And shouldn’t that be enough, that selfless love of angels? But he kissed Cas, and Cas didn’t want it, and then he got mad when he’d promised himself he wouldn’t, and he fucked it up like he knew he would.
He started to read to Cas the day after that. It was easier than talking. He read any book not about monsters that he could get his hands on. He raided Sam's box of books, which had been slowly expanding since they moved into the bunker. He even read the poetry anthology when he was sure Sam was out. He read badly, stumbling and doing awful accents for the different characters, changing the words when he didn't know how to pronounce them. He read until his voice was hoarse and it was dark outside.
It was freeing, to be able to fuck into Cas as hard as he wanted, knowing Cas could take it. Knowing Cas loved it. But soon, too soon really, his breath was growing short and ragged and his dick was throbbing for release.
Cas shook his head. “I’m afraid it’s beyond me.” He neglected to sit in the third chair, and opted instead to sit on the pebbles by Dean’s feet.
“Do you miss it?” Dean asked. He hadn’t really meant to say it aloud, it was just an accidental verbal continuation of his thoughts.
Dean huffed a laugh which thoroughly rang of,
"He's fine, Dean. And he'll be home." Cas promised somewhat more fervently than Dean thought he had any right to. "He will be."
“For years, I watched humanity. I didn’t understand it. Of course, I now think perhaps I did understand it, each and every time, but my superiors took that well into hand and removed my memories. Is Naomi in here? I’d like to have words. Anyway, I learned...you don’t need to understand something to love it. I mean, what do you think he mean when he said, ‘don’t do this?’ Do you think –”
“There’s more,” Dean said.
Cas thought it over for a while. “I’m stronger than that now, Dean.”
to me.” Dean thought if he smiled any harder, his face might split apart. “And it made me think of you. Of our journeys.”
Fuck, just when he thought he was the one in control, Cas went and took it away again.
“What?”
“Oh.”
Dean grinned. "Wanna do it again some time?" It was at that exact moment he remembered Cas knew basically every crappy movie ever thanks to Metatron, and most definitely knew what lending someone your jacket hinted at. Way to make your best friend think you're romancing him. Dean knew exactly what Sammy would say -
Right. Cause dirty talk was the universal mystery. “Talk to me and I’ll finish you,” he said, teasing a circle at Cas’ rim. When Cas was silent, Dean said, “Just tell me what you feel.”
“I think you just found your wedding vow,” Cas murmured, a tad more reverentially than Dean might have expected given the filthy jist of what he’d just said.
Cas gulps. “You’re in love with me.” He hasn’t moved his hands from Dean’s shoulders.
“What?” It was then that Dean realized Cas was perfectly dry, albeit with his shirt half unbuttoned.
Cas snapped his fingers and all the candles lit up. Dean let out a low whistle. He sat down stiffly. Cas met his eyes for a second too long, before starting to read the Enochian ritual in a gravelly voice. It sent shivers Dean’s spine, no doubt about it. When he was finished, Dean clasped the dagger and made a cut down his palm. Sharp pain bit into his flesh as cold air met blood. He took Cas’ hand firmly, making the same cut before clasping their bloody hands together. He muttered a few words of Latin over the enchanted cat skull, before he felt Cas’ two fingertips on his forehead. Dean let out a brief gasp of surprise before he sunk into unconsciousness.
“Can I ask you something?” Sam swallowed.
“If there’s one thing I’ve learned in my time here, Dean… when I stayed, against every instinct telling me that I shouldn’t stay, just because I
Cas whispered his name, almost begging. “Dean.”
Dean tried not to drop the plate. Were they really about to have the, ‘Hey Sam, I’m super gay with my best friend, you know the one I told you I wasn’t gay for for so long, the angel, yeah, how long have you known?’ conversation?
A crease appeared on Cas’ brow. “Dean…” Silence. “There is no justification for endangering your life, not to me.”
"Don't you think Winchester Christmas is a little... dingy?" He asked, pressing a kiss to the back of Cas' neck. Internally, though, he was berating himself. He was meant to teach Cas about human shit, and Christmas was meant to have lights.
"Fuck, Cas," he said in a broken voice as he thrust into Cas erratically, coming inside him, and Cas cried out at the spill of wet heat inside him, and they were coming together, united in waves of pleasure that made them both scream. Dean thought to himself, as they collapsed back to their prior positions and he stared up at the mistletoe, that this had been the best Christmas Eve of his life. He tightened his grip on Cas.
Cas seemed to find it funny, though, and walked Dean to the door, before zapping him into his bedroom. Confused, Dean looked around.
“You’re safe,” he says again.
“Wouldn’t be a surprise then, would it?” Dean tapped his thumbs against the steering wheel, letting gentle guitar strings wash over him as they drove down a small lane. He had a feeling Cas was staring at him with that weird half smile thing he did, so he rolled the window down and stared firmly out it, letting the wind rustle its way through his hair. He parked the Impala on the patch of gravel at the end of the road, letting her engine’s growl carry on as he turned the volume all the way up. Cas was already out of the car, striding down to the lake’s surface. Dean smiled into the trunk as he pulled out the gear, then opened all the Impala’s door so they could hear the music.
I know, always.
And Dean isn’t exactly sure how they got from there to them both lying flat on the grass, Cas on his back, Dean propped up on his elbows, Dean absentmindedly picking daisies and laying them in the hollow of Cas’ collarbone, dusting him with thin white petals; but he suspects it has something to do with the buzzing in his chest and the intense desire to kiss Cass, all sloppy and hot and –
Dean added a finger under his tongue, wiggling it all inside of Cas and then crooking it until he cried out. “Stars,” Cas said dazedly. “I can see stars.” He stroked Cas’ prostate mercilessly, watching his whole body shudder. “I never knew humans were made for such indescribable pleasure,” Cas panted, his voice rough on the word ‘pleasure’. Dean added another finger, pumping them in and out of Cas. “The things you do to me. Beautiful, Dean. They feel…” He threw his head back, and then repeated, “Beautiful.”
Dean laughs, but it sounds kind of sick and strained, even to his ears. “Right. Uh. Yeah. Just wanted to check in on you. Make sure the Empty, uh, stayed put.” He wipes sweat from his face. The plant and bee disappear from Cas’ hands. “It’s not like you have to stick around. Uh. Repollinate away.” He winces. “Just wanted to make sure you were OK.”
“Some of them were pretty whacked out I guess.” Dean bit his lip. “Hey, wait. You’ve got control over your vessel, right?”
In the end it’s Sam that pulls them both to their feet.
“And...so...would you want...”
Dean rolled his eyes. “No chick flick moments.”
Cas glowers. “I don’t understand why you insist on this vernacular. Out of the two of us, you have decidedly more “wife material.””
Cas blinks up at him, eyes hazy and half-lidded. He looks down at Dean’s naked torso. “But I want...”
He only looked up into Cas’ face once the wound was clean. Cas, as could be expected, was staring at him. “I don’t understand.”
Babe, and I cry all the time!
Dean closed his eyes. The song was different, but the bass line was the same. What Cas was saying sounded all too familiar. "You know, a so-called friend of yours once said the moment you laid a hand on me in hell, you were lost."
One of Cas’ hands held him by the handprint, and they were flying together on a high of pleasure. Dean was so fucking lost in it he doesn’t notice as every piece of glass in the room shattered and the walls shook, but he saw Cas. Just Cas. Eyes fluttering open and shut, blue and then bright white. Cheeks flushed red, lips swollen. He could feel Cas’ heartbeat through his wings, somehow. Cas cried out his name, screamed it so loud Dean thought for a moment Cas might be using his real voice. The angel’s dick shot cum over Dean’s cheeks, probably in his hair too, maybe on the far wall. Cas rode him fast and hard through their climaxes, and when they were done, they fell the five feet back on to the bed.
“You want me to come with?”
"But what if he's
As the images printed out and Sam laid them on the table to let the ink dry, Dean couldn’t help thinking that the last person to look at him quite as tenderly as Cas was in the photo had been his Mom. He gulped, wondering if that was maybe why Sam took it. He snaked his hand across the table and picked it up, staring at it for a second before slipping it into his shirt pocket. This felt good. This felt like after everything that’d been taken away from them, after Yellow Eyes and every piece of hellspawn, they were building up again. In small ways, like these stupid polaroids and the fact that even though Sam looked like a lovesick puppy that got chomped on, he looked happy, too. Sam cleared his throat from across the table. “Whatever,” Dean muttered, and went back to eating pancakes.
“Wanting’s the problem. Dean, I
It’s a few weeks later, when a thunderstorm cracks open in the middle of their hunt. Dean sees Cas on the floor, his cheek cut and his hair soaking with rain. His heart seizes in his chest as he pulls Cas up. Sam’s firing gunshots in the background, killing the last monster.
“Stay,” he grumbles. When Cas lays back down, Dean noses against the base of his throat.
"He's an angel. And the world is much safer now. I'm sure he's just working on something...or something..."
Cas' tongue dips inside him, circling curiously, and Dean shivers. He starts shaking with every thrust of Cas' tongue and inbetween wondering how the fuck Cas knows how to this and biting his lip to try and keep his moans in, he realizes that he is still shaking. Hasn't stopped shaking. Can't make himself. Doesn't really want to.
“Dean,” Cas panted as Dean sucked a hickey on his inner thigh. Precome was oozing from Cas’ cock, running in thick dribbles down the length of him. Dean looked up, lips parted, waiting. Cas bit his lip. “T-touch me,” he stammered, voice broken and husky.
I think my teeth fell out while writing this from how stupidly sweet it is.
And so what, if he couldn’t help but whisper Cas’ name? So what, if when he came, all he could see was sparkling blue eyes and those too fucking soft lips? No, none of that was important. What was, though, was that when he’d taken care of himself and rolled over on his side to sleep, he wrapped his arms around his chest, imagining that they were Cas’ arms.
Cas slammed the door after him, smirking a little. Dean thought he was inwardly pleased to finally ride shotgun. Dean absent-mindedly hit play on the stereo and pulled out of the garage, leaving the bunker in the dust behind them.
They pulled up outside the closest dive bar messily, and the bike ground to a halt. Dean jumped off the motorbike, having forgotten there would be real people, and namely women, to see him practically advertising gay motorcycle riders. It was him and Cas, though, and that made it different. It was always different with them.
He shook the thought off. Cas’d skin him alive if he knew Dean was thinking that way.
“I know. And I like watching you. But I’m tired.” Dean sighed.
It was all quiet. Then, in barely more than a whisper, “Why didn’t you tell me you were going?”
“I understand it.” Castiel spoke again after a minute. “I wish I didn’t.”
"Cas, you're not yourself," he said in a hoarse voice. I opened my mouth to object, but he held a finger to my lips. "We can't - I can't - it'd be..."
They sat down on red bar stools. Cas looked around curiously and Dean contemplated whether he should tell him his hair was a complete and utter mess. He decided not to. Dean grinned as he heard a familiar guitar riff starting up in the background music.
As usual when Dean tried dirty talk, Cas didn’t respond. Dean wasn’t sure he really understood the concept. Keening, Cas leaned to him and with a tentative smile which made Dean’s heart skip a beat, he licked the cum off Dean’s collarbone. Dean groaned as Cas ran his wet tongue all over Dean’s chest and finally over his cheek, cleaning him of all traces of his release. “Dean-” Cas begged sharply.
When they broke apart, he noticed Cas had a light dancing in his eyes. Dean's eyebrows drew together. Maybe it was the alcohol, but Cas definitely seemed less inhibited than usual. "Cas?" he asked, noticing the angel's hand snaking its way up his thigh.
“How to fly?” Cas asked curiously.
They'd broken out the brandy about half way through decorating. And then the whiskey. And the wine, which for some reason, Sam had stockpiled. It was crappy, cheap wine, but Dean couldn't tell the difference and all Cas could taste was molecules. Basically, if there was alcohol in the bunker, they'd drank most of it. This was largely due to Cas having incredible alcohol tolerance and Dean stubbornly insisting one just had to get drunk on Christmas Eve. They'd decorated the giant tree; after Dean almost fell off a giant ladder trying to get to the top, Cas teleported the pentagram ornament to the top. If he thought it was a waste of his angelic powers, he didn't say so. Dean felt like, in another universe, Cas could get really
I closed my eyes.
“Do you know how to dance?” Dean asked suddenly. It’d been a long time. Since he was sixteen, actually. That girl at the boy’s home – his first kiss – had shown him how to dance, awkwardly shepherding him around the room until they got it right. He hadn’t danced much since then. It didn’t fit with his leather jacket vibe, nor did he have occasion very often. Maybe today.
Actually, he did want this to end. He wanted Cas to cum inside him, and say his name and feel the ecstasy Dean had already felt. He clenched involuntarily just thinking about it, and heard Cas groan. The angel was panting hard, saying Dean’s name under his breath. “I need you,” Dean whispered. Cas’ answering moan was helpless, and he bucked into Dean even harder. Dean closed his eyes. “I need you. Cas, need you,” he groaned, “Inside me, Cas. Need you to feel so good.” He grinned wickedly. He knew his words had to be pushing Cas over the edge, and he kept talking hoarsely, breathlessly. “Castiel. Cas. I
A few moments of awkward shuffling later, and Cas sat behind Dean, arms wrapped around his torso and Dean was wondering how exactly this had been a good idea. When he felt the wind in his hair and the growl of the engine under him, he remembered. But God, he hoped Sam didn’t see this. Because riding a motorcycle with a male angel holding onto him – well, it was the gayest thing he’d ever done.
