He had ascertained the halls were Gregory-free thanks to Jarvis, then made his way to his private company workshop. While his personal workshop contained Avengers gear and pet projects, his office workshop focused solely on Stark Industries materials. It seemed, going by the bits of metal now stuck to his cheek, he had fallen asleep while lost in the newest upgrade to the Stark Phone. Not that it needed one. Stupid competitive market. Like those bozos could really compete with Tony’s tech, even on a good day.
>>> you couldn’t break my reinforced punching bags if you tried
, his mind screamed.
"It's going on two," Steve said at the exact moment Jarvis chimed, "The current local time is 1:53 pm."
The song changed and Tony sang along around the toothbrush, each syllable mushed through toothpaste foam. Midway through he removed the brush to shout:
alright. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just lost in thought for a second. You know how I can get."
“What are you talking about? There’s nothing wrong with them.”
"Of course." He ushered Steve inside, directing him to the plush chairs situated on one side of the room. Once they were both sitting, he asked what was wrong. He had expected some call to action, not for Steve to look shy and embarrassed.
Tony sighed from where he slumped on the floor, head thrown back against the wall behind him. "I'm fine," he reiterated as Steve approached. "I can't believe you just did all of that. Actually, scratch that. I can completely believe you would happily go to jail in order to protect a woman's honor. What I
The bed dipped as Steve settled on the other side of the mattress. He hesitantly scooted nearer to Tony, stopping with a respectable distance left between them. Tony took one look at the man's hopeful expression and knew he was screwed. He could barely deny Steve in normal circumstances. Knowing that the space between them could cause Steve physical discomfort made his next choice easy.
Tony cursed, then wiped his hands against his legs a couple times to rid himself of cheese flavoring. “Next question?”
"Never had any luck with love, have you now? Must be a hit on your self-confidence. The great Tony Stark can't even keep a relationship."
On some occasions people became aggressive, pushing into personal space or attacking with venomous words. Tony handled those moments just as gracefully, though it riled Steve up inside to see the immature comments slide by. Tony could handle himself, of course he could.
Tony laughed aloud, sliding his phone back into his sweats pocket. Determined to stay awake now that there was a job to do, Tony grabbed an energy bar, a protein bar, and a bag of dried blueberries from the pantry on his way out. Then he headed up to his workshop to give Jarvis a hand scanning through what was sure to be hundreds of files.
Steve thought bitterly. Was it really that difficult to see? Maybe Steve had done such a good job of bottling up his emotions that even Tony Stark couldn't see through the facade. The way Steve's lips twitched in amusement every time Tony drank a smoothie Dum-E had given him and thanked the bot, the way he'd found his gaze drawn to Tony again and again when he was certain no one would notice, the way his heart melted every time Tony presented an Avenger with newly improved armor or technology; maybe Tony had never noticed those things. Maybe Steve hadn't realized the depth of his feelings until the possibility of Tony being gone forever lay right in front of his eyes. How could he be so stupid?
“You’re such a nerd.”
Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve and smiled. "She's a known troublemaker. The regulars know to stay clear of her."
"Whoever is out there," he said loudly, "step away from the door. I don't want to hurt anyone."
they could’ve gone back to barely tolerating one another. Maybe all this time around Tony made Steve even more eager to get out of Dodge the moment the opportunity presented itself. Not that Tony could blame anyone for that.
“You’re right,” Steve replied. “I take full responsibility. Is there anything I could do for you? A hot drink maybe? Or some dry clothes?”
His mind was too preoccupied with running over the words of Steve's request. And then analyzing those words and every possible consequence into oblivion.
Tony got to his feet, feeling at ease enough to return the wolf’s gesture with a quip of his own. “Would you be open to the idea of following me to the gym with little, preferably zero, bloodshed or fear tactics?”
"Sorry. Lunch sounds nice, yeah."
"I gave you that enhanced shield and I can take it away," Tony threatened, feeling a bit like a soccer mom at the ends of her rope with an unruly son.
“Alright, fine. Let the hunk of lightning know I’m on my way.”
Sometimes Steve just couldn't imagine how he'd gotten so lucky in life.
"Any time." With that, Tony left Steve to his own devices.
The two of them found Thor in the living room of the common floor, draping a quilt over a dozing Bruce. The god of thunder looked up upon their approach, his gaze knowing, and his smile set in a thin, sympathetic line. “Let us take this to the kitchen,” he suggested quietly, shifting his gaze to where Bruce slept on the couch beside him. “The man sleeps so fitfully.”
"He broke the fire extinguisher again?"
“In my bedroom mini-fridge.” Tony nearly laughed at the expression on Thor’s face. “Made the most sense to keep it where he’d be sleeping.”
a bizarre mental image. Steven Grant Rogers, taken down by his own stomach acid.
“Yeah,” Steve replied. “Figured you could probably use a pick-me-up. Jarvis told me you’ve been in here for nearly five hours.”
“He asserts the matter is urgent and time sensitive.”
Steve groaned in protest but relented, reluctantly sliding onto the sofa cushions with a quiet huff. "Hurry back."
He holds the phone away, other hand covering his eyes as he wishes his eyesight and memory weren’t so impeccable thanks to the serum. That was something he would
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen.”
A whine sounded from the other side of the door, reminding Tony of a puppy that wanted to sleep on the furniture but wasn't allowed. He reluctantly left the cozy warmth his bed provided to pad over to the door. One hand held the knob while the other lay in wait in case of an attack.
Steve found himself with arms full of Tony Stark, surrounded by the familiar scent of cologne and ever present remnants of mechanical grease that seemed to live in Tony's pores no matter how often or how thoroughly he bathed. Steve doesn't move,
"Yeah?" he asked impatiently, wondering why Jarvis hadn't informed him of this late night intruder.
"Welcome to my humble abode," Tony said with a grand wave of his arm to showcase the room his own father had once inhabited years ago. Well, not the
"Of course I care," Tony said, breaking Steve from an inner downward spiral. "You can't be angry or disappointed with someone whose opinion doesn't matter. You can feel betrayed by someone you don't give a shit about."
“Thor, wait!”
“Hmm. Perhaps then you have eaten Shirako?”
“Yay! He still likes me!” The archer placed his hand gently atop the wolf’s head, then thought better of it when his fingers were nearly a victim of the wolf’s sharp canines. “Okay, okay, no touching.”
“We’ll just have to agree to disagree.”
he had replied. And it was true.
His body sagged with that last thought. He had been let down in the past – hell, he’d been the one doing the letting down in some circumstances. But it never got any easier, never hurt any less, when a relationship came to its inevitable end. Tony Stark was unlovable, he knew that. With Steve, he had let his own stupid crush color the way he saw things. He’d let himself get so attached despite knowing it would come crashing down sooner rather than later. With his mind whipping through emotions like a whirlwind, Tony didn’t think he’d be capable of facing the world today. He’d just lay in this bed until the sun left behind this terrible farce of a day or someone beat down the door to drag him out. Maybe the universe would be kind for once and let him wallow in peace.
After going through three strips of fabric, the area looked as clean as it was likely to get. Steve sat back and released a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding the entire time he'd been attending to Tony. The quiet gave him time to process everything that had happened. He'd gotten Tony
Clint laughed amicably. “Nah, not this time. I’ll save it when for the I get my 'save the date' request.”
Tony sits next to Steve, takes the phone from lax fingers, and reads the messages from the entire team. He laughs. “Can’t say the man lacks creativity.”
is I would be honored to take one for the team. Could've been worse," he shrugged, mischief tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Could've been Clint."
Steve happily took the food carton from Tony’s hand, spearing a piece of pork on his fork and pulling the meat from its tines with his teeth. If it were anyone else in his bed, Tony might suspect sensual foul play. But Steve ate without saying a word. Tony belatedly realized he still stood beside the bed, like an interloping voyeur caught mid-act. He slowly lowered himself into a sitting position, trying to act as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Staring at Steve while he ate probably wasn’t a less creepy alternative, but the man didn’t seem to mind the attention.
Tony breathed through gritted teeth as if a single puff of air could set off a hair trigger alarm floating unseen between himself and the wolf. Just as slowly, he took three steps forward. The wolf growled softly, a warning. To tell him to stay away or something else entirely, Tony wasn’t sure. “It’s okay, Steve,” he murmured gently. “It’s just me. I’m not going to hurt you. Never going to hurt you.”
Tony nearly cheered when the hallway ended in a staircase leading up. Even a few floors should be enough to reach a level where the frequency would be able to break through the scrambler they'd encountered, and he could use the emergency distress signal sewn into Steve's costume. Losing contact with the tower had been beyond irritating and Tony could imagine the chewing out he'd receive from the rest of the team once they got back in touch.
"Tony?"
While Tony internally battled a whirlpool of utter astonishment, amusement, and an odd sense of warmth in his chest, Steve took his leave. Tony watched him go, the office door clicking shut softly.
"We've both got things to do. You need to get up. I need to pee."
"Thanks, Tony."
Tony slackened his fingers. Steve pulled away, a small smile playing across his features. "Just gonna hit the head," he explained when Tony continued to look at him. "Be back in a sec." Then he was gone.
"Tony?"
can’t be that stubborn.”
"Yeah. Right." Steve couldn't resist a small smile as Tony spluttered. "Yes. Of course. Let's go."
No response.
"Smoke in the vents?"
Steve lifted his head from the counter and Tony finally got to look into Steve's beautiful blue eyes. "I'm glad you think so." He reached out with one arm and snagged Tony by the waist, bringing him close enough to burrow his face against the worn cotton of Tony's t-shirt. "You're stuck with me."
Steve shifted his gaze back to Tony. "Sorry?"
Tony thought blithely as a mental image of himself being strapped to a metal table with Brit Douche standing over him in a lab coat a la Frankenstein flitted through his mind.
"Steve, no. That's stupid. You're usually a genius in the field but that is one of the dumbest plans I've ever heard. And that's counting all the wannabe villain monologues I've been subjected to."
Tony hopped a few steps to catch up with Steve's wider stride, keeping an eye out for any more surprises. "Geez, you didn't have to nearly decapitate the guy."
Steve took Gregory's hand, giving a firm shake and a polite, "Nice to meet you."
“Guess I’ll go break some gym equipment until Jarvis finishes his research.”
stupid.” Tony inhaled. In for five, hold for five, out for five. Just like that video Pepper had sent him. He followed the breathing exercise a few more times, relaxing incrementally with each repetition.
Steve huffed and shook out his hand. "I don't know. But we need to keep moving."
“Did any of it involve eating?” Steve countered. Tony didn’t answer. They both already knew.
As usual, Clint ignored him and walked towards them. “I thought a team mascot was out of the question? I feel so left out.”
Everything would be fine the next time he opened them, he told himself. Everything would be just fine.
Would Steve be stuck in this form temporarily? Permanently? Did the wolf also have a ridiculous metabolism? Did wolves eat cooked meat? Would Steve want the team to know about his new body? Could the wolf wield a vibranium shield?
Of course, that’s the moment Tony makes his grand entrance.
The camera clicks off and the screen goes black, the live chat box beneath going wild with speculation as to just who Tony was flying to Boston to visit. Understandably, he and Tony aren’t out to the public just yet. Just under a month and it still feels too new, too fragile, to throw into the limelight and the scrutiny of their adoring public. Steve rolls his eyes at the thought, exiting out of the screen. He looks through his emails, just in case, before shutting the computer down and putting it on the coffee table in front of him. He leans over and pulls his phone off its charger, just as a flurry of buzzes and dings ring out in the relative silence.
shout out to all my fellow starkids out in the world (my brain just had to imagine steve watching the avpm trilogy)
Before Tony could say anything in reply, the archer had disappeared.
Tony turned away, unable to look at that expression any longer without some dire consequences. "Least I can do." He walked toward his bed, his stride maybe a little quicker than usual. Nobody needed to know what was about to happen. He had nothing to be nervous about.
There had been plenty of things Steve had dreamed about when he was young and imagined settling down and having a family: a little girl with his blue eyes and his mom's vigor; a white picket fence around a nice townhouse in the New York city suburbs; a wife, someone who could keep him on his toes and treat him as an equal rather than some invalid. But this, with Tony and Morgan and Peter, blew all of those dreams out of the water.
Tony looked on slack-jawed. That had never happened before as far as Tony knew. "Shit. Sorry about that. Need me to build you something special?"
“Protective much, Stark?”
"What if I don't want them back?", Peter suddenly asked and the unprompted question surprised Wade so much that he wasn't sure if he really heard him ask it.
"Yeah?", he asked, turning back around.
This one's no good, it's icky and I updated the tags from mildly dubious consent to dub con. It isn't explicit at all but there is stuff in here that isn't okay.
On the way there Steve asked FRIDAY if Bruce was still up.
"Holy shit. I kissed Tony Stark's son. ", she stated, followed by a breathless laugh. Peter actually had to smirk at that, too, just because it was the most ridiculous part that MJ could've focused on. "Thank you, for what you did in there.", MJ then said after another moment of silence.
Peter wanted to scrape the memory out of his brain. He couldn't. It never went away. So much else did but not him. Not Keipon. Peter could never banish the man that broke him out of his mind.
Wade sat on an armchair in one corner of the room until he was completely convinced that Peter was asleep and only then he let himself step out onto the hallway.
Outside Peter could hear a battle raging, he could hear people yelling, gun shots, screams.
"Yeah.", Tony said, his voice as empty as his eyes. "Nothing good, though. " Then he laughed, an awful, ruined sound. "You can say 'I told you so', if you want.", he then stated once his awful laugh died off.
Peter glanced over at him before replying:"Natasha's alternative. You know, let SHIELD scoop my brain out and put it back the right way. Seems like the easy way out."
It was true, Wade hadn't visited her in a while. He figured that constantly killing himself to meet someone pretending to be his dead girlfriend wasn't the healthiest of coping mechanisms. Maybe that had pissed her off.
I hope you'll enjoy this chapter and leave a comment!
"Did you fucking grow up in a basement?! How do you not know what gay people are?!"
"Gwen-?!", Peter groaned, turning around to face her just in time to see her place a kick right against his head.
He then bit on his lip, hesitating for a moment before patting the space beside him. "Lay with me?", Peter asked, sounding so god damn innocent that it made Wade's heart melt.
It wasn't good. Actually it was worse than he thought. Peter knew what people were supposed to look like, he didn't look like a person, he looked like a skeleton.
"Gwen?", his voice came out of the speakers next to the control-panell. It sounded unsure and quiet, so different than just a second ago.
It was tempting and for a solid second Wade considered it before quickly throwing that idea into the trash.
"That's the kind of enthusiasm I'm looking for!", Bucky chuckled, his arms crossed over his chest. He looked proud, and Peter didn't think that it had to do with the hair.
"Just in general.", Peter shrugged. "You're a good one.", he said with a careful smile. "Thank you."
"Yeah... whatever you say. I'm fine with it.", he mumbled, still seeming distracted.
He was fine, though. The days were manageable. The nights were the issue. Faking it became a hell of a lot harder when he was asleep. The better his days went the worse his nights started to become.
Also,  thank you so much for all your comments! It's really overwhelming and I will definitely try to reply  to each one of them!
Peter glanced from his father to the other four men, then his eyes met Wades and he pulled his mouth into a twisted smile. "I choose Steve. The rest of you can fuck off."
"It's the quinjet alarm. ", Steve stated. Tony's eyes were focused on a screen before him, frantically tapping away. The words and numbers on the screen were meaningless to Wade but the panic in the air wasn't.
"I'm not.", Bucky protested but Peter wasn't having any of it.
"Well, you were busy, screaming at Tony and all that. ", Wade smirked before taking a seat next to Peter while still keeping a safe distance.
In fact he had completely crushed it in his hand,
God, Peter was so tired. But he didn't close his eyes, not yet. Instead he watched the sky, in all of it's glorious beauty and for a second he didn't feel quite as disgusting. That's as good as it would get for him, Peter was sure of that. With that he closed his eyes and let loose, of time, of consciousness, of life. Peter was dying and he didn't mind.
Peter didn't ask what happened, he didn't have to, the raise of his eyebrow was question enough. "I- I hated it. I thought that Steve could never accept what I had become. I mean I couldn't even accept it myself. Turns out it was more of a me-problem anyways. He mostly felt sorry for me, which isn't all that great either, but he never blamed me. Tony wouldn't blame you either."
"I don't know! Why else would she shut me out for months?! Maybe it's something that HYDRA did to her or maybe she's just now coming to her senses and realizing that she hates me for ripping her apart in the first place. ", he snapped, turning around to face his father again. He was met by the exact look that he despised so much. Concern and pity.
It was sort of amazing to see, how his anger seemed to cancel out any fear or timidness he might've usually felt.
Peter wanted to be good.
"Peter?", Tony called out and Wade just though that he might be in the bathroom when they heard his come voice from above.
"They want to do whatever they can to make you feel better.", Bucky replied, because it was the truth, because that's all that any of them wanted for Peter. To feel
"Peter-", Tony whispered and took a step forward. That turned out to be a mistake. Peter flinched back violently, even though Tony was nowhere near him. He turned his back on them and cowered, wrapping his boney arms around his shivering form in a desperate attempt to comfort himself. "Get away from me...", he pleaded, completely miserable and ruined. They all distanced themselves but stayed in the room, not daring to leave Peter to his own devices right now.
He didn't notice that the door to the roof opened, and he didn't notice that someone walked up behind him. Only once he sat down beside him did Wade realize that Bucky had joined him.
"What the fuck.", Peter mumbled before taking another bite.
"How philosophical of you, Petey-Pie, did they teach you that at HYDRA?" A chuckle shook through Peter's body and Wade could feel Peter's chest shake against his.
"So did you. "
"And thank God for that. Come in, it's sorta messy here but it ain't my fault that you're early.", he explained as he led them into his apartment.
Several hours had passed since he entered the room and the Superdads were probably desperate for an update.
"Peter... stay awake....", he begged desperately. He couldn't die, how was Wade supposed to live without the two people he loved most, how was he supposed to go on? It wasn't fair.
They stopped at the next grocery store, Wade pulled on his mask again and they made their way inside.
"For real? Why do people do this?", he asked.
In the morning he was beyond exhausted but also charged up on an awful amount of nervous energy.
He was also very cool when it came to letting Peter hang out in his studio. Peter wasn't artistically gifted at all but he did like looking at Steve's paintings. They made him feel, which got harder and harder these days. Steve never seemed bothered when Peter would just sit in his studio and watch him work.
. He was also glad that Peter's fun fact hadn't actually been depressing, even if Peter didn't smile or laugh when he delivered it. "And you liked it?", Bucky guessed before taking another bite of his burger.
Blue jeans and a Hawaiian shirt with a red background, yellow flowers an green leaves. He hadn't worn the outfit since he arrived at Stark tower, he didn't know if Wade ever knew that he kept it. He packed it when the other man wasn't watching.  The only colourful thing he really took with him. The shirt was still absolutely hideous but it was one of the first pieces of clothing Peter got after HYDRA. It was special.
Peter wanted to be
"I know what you mean.", Bucky nodded and Peter looked over at him, as if he was surprised by that response. "It becomes so much that all you want is for your brain to shut down. I get that."
, no, this was not at all going like Bucky intended.
"I do, thank you.", Peter smiled back at him before taking it from Wade. It was hideous but Wade had picked it out so Peter would wear it.
Bucky focused his attention on Peter again, who was closing his menu and putting it aside. "So, you're not hungry at all.", he stated sarcastically and Peter replied with a shrug.
"Uh... no...you don't have to change here, you can go to the bathroom.", he said gently.
"They will all join you in time. ", she said but Peter knew that she was lying. Wade couldn't die, he had tried. Peter would never see him again.
Bucky spend his nights in an armchair by his bed ever since the kid took up the space. Bucky didn't sleep a lot anyways. Dealing with his nightmares got a whole of a lot harder when he was by himself.
"No.", Tony only replied.
Wade's eyes grew huge and his jaw dropped. "Did- did you just quote a meme format?! Where did you even learn that?", he asked, completely amazed.
"Get a haircut?", Peter suggested meekly and Bucky raised his eyebrows.
Peter was now easily pulled along by the human guards, unable to resist. Without his enhancements there wasn't much left of Peter, especially not when he was riddled with bullet holes, wounds that wouldn't heal now, at least not as quickly as he needed them to. He was running out of time. They brought him into the building, leading him down countless hallways past dozens of HYDRA agents, guarding the way to Keipon. They were gearing up for a fight. Peter wondered how far away his family was. He wondered if they'd make it before it was too late for Peter.
This had been their first real lead. The moment they heard that the jet was located Tony, Steve and Wade didn't waste a second to get their asses there. But now that they were looking at it, Wade almost wished that they hadn't come.
"How?", Peter asked, his expression turning puzzled.
"Yes, of course. But there's one thing you should know before we go down there."
Bucky could tell that he was trying to stay awake, that he was scared to sleep. "It's okay, kid. You can sleep. I'll watch out for you." The boy nodded slowly, before his eyes finally shut completely and his breathing slowed down.
Tony kept Fury on the phone for an entire hour, just arguing back and forth, bargaining for Peter's life. By the end of it Wade could barely even hear them. They just faded into the static inside Wade's head.
Peter laughed, it sounded wrong but he couldn't do better. He got up from his bed.
"Okay, so, most people are into the opposite gender. Those people are straight. And then there's some people who are only into the same sex, those are gay. There's also a bunch of other options like bisexuals who are into both and people who are into nobody but that's what being gay means."
"Well...", Tony sighed before lifting up his shirt, revealing that the right side of his ribcage was just one large bruise, purple and agonizing. It was a wonder that the guy was even standing.
"Would you mind getting some more groceries? I mean, you burned through everything we bought like nobodies business.", Wade asked and Peter returned his attention to him.
To his surprise Peter shook his head. "I knew that you used to be HYDRA. I just didn't believe it, didn't believe that you were like me.", Peter said and Bucky knew what he ment. There was a difference between knowing something as a fact and believing in it. Bucky knew lots of things, he didn't believe in much.
"Bucky-", Peter groaned and Bucky had the audacity to laugh.
Natasha had been to this house before, as her alter-ego Natalia and as Natasha. She knew it like the back of her hand. There were three guest rooms. Peter would have to have taken one of them. They were all on the highest floor. Once she got upstairs, she guessed that Tony would keep his son close to him and walked up to the door closest to the master's bedroom. The room inside was clearly a guest room that was lived in. Unmade bed, clothes hanging from an armchair, a cup with unfinished hot cocoa.
"And what do you suggest we do?! Give her back to SHIELD?! Let them scramble her brain some more?!", he spat at Wade.
"They won't be quick enough. ", Gwen said, looking to the door as well. Peter wanted to believe that he heard her voice waver, just a tiny bit.
Peter met MJ on the parking lot outside the motel where she was leaning against an old truck. She wore her hair open for a change and Peter was pretty sure that he never saw her in a dress before. It was still paired with her usual converse, though. "What is that shirt?", she asked with a wide smile and raised eyebrows.
"Peter...?", Tony asked carefully and this time he stilled, jerking his arms over his head like he expected them to lash out, to attack him. It made Tony's gut twist.
"Wow, wow, wow. I'll stop you right there baby boy, before you get even more stressed. Neither of us is dead and you ain't losing your mind. Not more than you did already, anyways.", Wade quickly jumped in but Peter only scrambled away from him, not caring the he spread more and more blood on his clothes and hands.
Meager, haggard. His pale skin was as white and thin as paper and had an almost green tinge under the lights of the bathroom. His face was made of sharp edges and dark shadows, hollow eyes that stared back at him. He still had a little blood on his chin from where he bit his lips open. A skaky breath escaped his lips that sounded more like a whimper when he pressed his eyes shut.
"He fought so hard! Like he dragged himself out of this wreck, how he clung to life, all very admirable. It didn't save him in the end." Her voice was gentle but it was like venom for Wade's soul. It tore through him viciously as his mind tried to make sense of this.
"I'm not going to be the same. I won't be able to trust you.", Peter argued, returning his attention towards the sky. It hurt to hear that. Wade knew all this time that this could be a possibility. That his and Peter's relationship would suffer, would be changed after this.
Peter's heart dropped. "What-", he choked out. This couldn't be real, he pleaded to god or whoever was listening that this wasn't real.
Peter remembered screaming at Tony while he was still laying in his hospital bed. His whole body ached, he was exhausted from healing, but that didn't stop his rage.
A tiny noise, nothing that a normal person would pay any attention to or even pick up but Peter knew that sound. He knew exactly what a gun sounded like.
He couldn't be sure how long it had been since they last saw each other. A year, probably longer. Gwen had changed. Not so much in appearance, she was still tiny, meager, with sunken in cheeks and too sharp features, her blond hair was longer than usual. Back at HYDRA their heads just got shaved whenever their hair got too long. Now her hair almost went to her shoulders.
They had a good hour, calm, quiet, Peter focused almost completely on the diaries. There was something about them... he had called it familiarity when he talked to Bucky but it wasn't just that. It was soothing, in a strange way. Because even though the things HYDRA did to Bucky were horrendous, even though they made bile rise in Peter's throat, even though they awakened memories Peter would rather keep forgotten, Bucky was okay. Or at least he was better, functioning. Something Peter was so far away from that even thinking about the process made his head spin. But Bucky did it, even though they had broken him, even though he would never be the same, Bucky was okay and maybe Peter could be, too. Peter was fine in that moment, or close to it. Then Natasha came barging in.
"Is that really comfortable or do you just like to pretend that you're Batman, lurking from the shadows?", Wade asked, his tone upbeat.
"Yes,
It took MJ a while to collect herself enough to actually answer his question. "It's basically people that get employed by the state to take care of kids who nobody else wants." Peter froze for a moment. For some reason he had never thought of something like that. Peter wasn't new to the idea of people being cruel and messed up. But for some reason he had never thought of someone not wanting their child. Maybe because Tony wanted him. As much as Peter was constantly afraid of scaring his father away, until now Tony had proven one thing for sure, that he wanted to take care of Peter. Until now some part of Peter had thought that Tony didn't really have a choice in that, that that's just what parents were like. Apparently not. Apparently Peter was lucky, for once.
Bucky and Steve had cleaned Peter up and cleaned the bathroom of the blood afterwards. They both knew that neither Wade nor Tony were in any condition to do that. They were too close to Peter.
Peter raised his eyebrows. "So you're keeping the suit on? Real subtle.", he then stated and Wade hoped that he wasn't imagining the sarcastic tone.
"Besides, I don't know if I'm ready for a relationship like that.  Like, I can barely handle platonic relationships. And being with someone would probably include them touching me and I don't always want that, but that's what you have to do when you're in love with someone, right? Like, kissing and sex and stuff. That's part of being with someone, isn't it? And I just don't know if I can do that, I'd have to if I was with someone, like, that's the deal, right? And I just- I wouldn't want to rob someone like that. Like- I'm damaged and I know that and I've inadvertently brought this all upon you but I just- I don't know if I could handle putting someone else through that, it wouldn't be fair. Even if I would ever find someone that- that would be willing- to put up with...the rest of my issues." The longer Peter continued to ramble the more in his head he seemed to get until eventually his voice just fizzled out.
Peter leaned back against the wall, still holding on to his bleeding wounds. There was nothing left to do now but wait.
"I can't, I'm grabbing lunch with Peter today.", Wade stated, not taking her hand and searching for his phone instead. In that moment his phone chimed from where it was hidden underneath his blankets and Dom got to it first, unlocking it and reading whatever message he got.
Then, after several seconds of silence Steve finally collected himself, swallowed and looked over at Wade. "Is he always like this?", he asked and something in Wade's head started to scream, not the boxes, it was himself.
"But I'm not! That's the issue! I'm  fucking broken and I barely know how to be a person, not to mention, his perfect son!"
"You see what I mean now?", he asked quietly, eventually glancing over at MJ. Her expression looked worried. Peter didn't even need her to answer the question.
Peter didn't make a single sound the entire flight back to Malibu and once they arrived, he took off into his room straight away. The rest of them stood frozen in the hallway, watching him leave until they heard the door slam behind him. "How long until the drugs wear off?", Tony asked into the silence.
"Wounds? Plural?", Wade called out as he went to the kitchen.
"You're lying!", he snapped but Tony didn't back down.
Also I hope that you're all doing well in these troubling times and that you enjoyed this little bit of escapism. I know things are very scary right now and I for one really rely on entertainment to shut my worries off for a bit. Leave your thoughts in the comments!
"Okay, I'm like 97.8 % sure that that was HYDRA and in a few seconds they'll be here and I need you to stay behind me and -", Peter didn't hear the rest of that sentence because in that moment all hell broke loose.
"Peter, you aren't weak.", Wade stated without hesitation and this time Peter was the one to freeze for a second.
"Look at me, just some shmuck
"No. You talked about it. I told you to piss off.", he spat, his tone sharp and vicious. "And here I was thinking that you might've followed my wishes for once." His words were intended to hurt and they definitely didn't miss their mark. But unlike other times Wade couldn't call Peter out for lashing out without a reason. He was pretty fucking justified to feel this way, Peter was entitled to his anger. That didn't make it hurt less, it actually made it worse. "So what, will you just stand there and watch me go crazy?", he asked them. Bucky was the one to answer his question.
! She thought that she had
"Deary, that's a familyportion for 4 people.", Grace announced with a wide smile, her voice was rough and deep, a smokers voice.
"Is it selfish if I ask you to stay?", he then asked, his voice faint, like he hoped that Wade wouldn't hear him.
"You talk like that to Death herself?", she asked but she didn't really sound insulted, just surprised.
He could feel the other male glance over to him every once in a while but Peter was too captivated by the outside world. The sky that was slowly turning a lilac color as the sun began to set, the nature around them, offering a stark contrast with its orange and yellow tones, sprinkles of green.
"In order to protect you from HYDRA as well as possible we need to remove the tracker inside your tooth and get you to a safer location.", Tony went on.
"Do you ever miss the 40s?", he then asked because Bucky didn't seem totally put off by Peter's curiosity.
"I hope you don't regret that decision. It's not going to be pretty.", he stated before walking down and jumping into his bedroom again.
1 pm. Peter looked up as the door swung open and Natasha Romanoff came out. She looked as perfect and deadly as always. Peter had known that he'd have to interact with her. According to Tony, Natasha had taken custody of Gwen, so anything that had to do with Gwen now had to go through Natasha first.
Peter raised his hand and looked at it, as if he completely forgot about it, his knuckles were bloody and he hissed when he tried to form a fist. "I think I might've broken some fingers.", he then said with a startled laugh.
Even in the dark it was breathtaking, daunting, just a lot. Peter suddenly felt a weird sense of embarrassment. Not at Tony or the house per se, but more at himself. He never felt like he belonged here but now that Gwen saw this life that he'd suddenly been dropped in, he felt even more like an imposter. "This is your home.", Gwen said, looking up at him with wide eyes. It wasn't phrased as a question but Peter still nodded. "And you're his father.", she then said, facing Tony straight on, her expression turning stony. Peter recognized that familiar expression on her face, she was being protective.
"Nat had to leave early.", Steve replied, his tone clipped and Peter glanced at Wade with a raised eyebrow.
"I'm sorry!", Wade gasped out, trying to suppress the wicked snarl of his boxes. Peter's eyes shot up at that, his eyebrows pulling together.
Bucky nodded patiently but Peter still didn't look at him so he said:"Yes." That finally got Peter to pick up his own menu and read through it. When the waitress, a small stocky woman in her late 30s with blood red hair and matching lips, came by and asked for their order, Bucky picked a chicken burger with fries and a black coffee before looking to Peter.
But Peter didn't leave much time to contemplate. He started to pace, avoiding Wade's eyes, ruffling through his messed up, greasy hair nervously. "And I know it's fucking
in his body was more apparent.
"She's dead.",his voice was toneless, for a second he didn't recognize it himself. Peter focused back onto Tony, waiting for him to lash out, to demand details, to do something. Tony held his intense glare before letting out a deep sigh and nodding slowly.
By the time Wade mentally wrestled down his voices, (he didn't speak out loud to them, not in front of the superdads, Peter might not mind him talking to nobody but Peter's standards for normal were anything but, well, normal) Peter had come down from the ceiling again and reclaimed his seat at the table.
. Though, it was mostly horror and worry. Not much room for a joy when a traumatized young man fucks off to god knows where.
"Are you mad at me?", the words made Wade flinch, not because they were particularly loud or vicious, any sound that cut through the silence was intense. Peter didn't look at him, didn't make any indication that he ever said anything and for a moment, Wade wasn't sure if he had imagined that.
"Can you track them?", Wade asked Tony, his voice suddenly very faint.
The video showed Gwen, sitting at a desk. Peter didn't know what he had expected. Probably a shell of his friend, shackled and collared and sedated. It wasn't that. Gwen looked miserable. But it wasn't the kind of misery that came from mistreatment. No, it was the emotional kind. Her eyes were red and puffy, her lips were pressed to a fine line, but otherwise she looked well.
"You still intend to drive in this?", Peter asked with a raised eyebrow.
. It was barbaric.
Peter was fine with that, though. He even requested it. Because, even though his stories were gruesome and violent, the way he got all excited about them was kinda nice and it distracted Peter. Listening was better than talking. Wade's stories were better than Peter's thoughts.
He looked horrified, no, sad, in pain and distraught. That couldn't be, though. It didn't make sense to Peter. Faking emotions wasn't easy, but once you had it down you could manipulate people however you liked. He would've been a fool for falling for it, no matter how much he wanted to believe him.
They hadn't told him about his death because Wade had begged them not to. Tony didn't know the full story either, didn't know how Wade managed to bargain for Peter's soul. Just that Wade made a deal with Death and that there was a price that Wade would pay. "I don't want him to know what I did to keep him alive. He'd not like it. ", Wade had said but he had promised Tony that the price of the deal had nothing to do with Peter, that Wade would never endanger him.
And Steve. Steve was a fucking blessing, as always. He was the only one that knew how to handle Tony's bullshit. He knew when he just had to let Tony be alone with himself and when it was better to pull Tony away from his workstation. He stayed awake with him when Tony's mind was too wired up to calm down and he was there when Tony woke up from a nightmare. "Do you think he'll ever come back?", Tony asked one day because he had the awful habit of indulging in his worst fears. They were eating dinner on the balcony of their house. Bucky had just sent Tony another picture of Peter. He never told Tony where they were, though he could sometimes tell from the backgrounds of the pictures. Apparently they were on a tour through american national parks. Right now they were back at some beach. Peter was standing with his feet in the water, his pants rolled up, wearing an oversized t-shirt that probably belonged to Bucky. His hair had grown out and was curling at his ears, his skin had a tan and his cheeks had filled out a little. He wasn't smiling but squinting at the camera, shielding his eyes from the sun with his hand.
"You're going home?", MJ asked and Peter focused back on her to calm his racing mind. It just kept on running in circles, again and again.
"Natasha told me, she also had her transferred to LA. ", Tony replied and Peter couldn't help but to wonder why the fuck Natasha would have the decency to do that. That wasn't important right now, though. All that Peter cared about was getting to Gwen as quickly as possible.
"Tony-", Steve started with a sigh but Tony didn't let him finish.
"Is there anything we- anything I can do to make this easier for you?", Tony asked and Peter thought about it for a while. Easy wasn't a word in his vocabulary. He knew what it ment, sure. But nothing had ever been easy for Peter. He didn't know what he needed, what would help. There was no better time in his life that he could use as reference, no past to pull experience from. How was he supposed to put that into words?
ALSO, I have a Tumblr now. I mostly use it for art-stuff but I'm also planning some art for this fic that I'll post on there and if you wanna talk to me some more you're invited to do that there!
The next morning he woke up to see MJ's face hovering above his. Her wild curls were hanging in her face and the light from the window gave her a halo.
Bucky's words floated around Peter's head, he had his eyes trained at the ocean outside his window, though he wasn't really looking.
"So you basically went to murder boarding school.", he then stated and Peter nodded.
The stranger that opened the chamber was alone. That was unusual. So was his get up. Still, he was a threat, about as tall, if not even a little bit taller than Peter, but with broad shoulders and muscles showing underneath his peculiar suit. Not to mention the two katanas and the guns that were fastened to his body.
"Look at you! Having an opinion! I'm so proud.", Wade grinned before he started to comb through Peter's hair. "Have you done this before?", Peter asked and Wade hummed slightly.
Sure, Wade probably only offered it out of pity and probably wasn't serious but Peter tried to push that thought away.
"Are we going to let him stay by himself for now?" That got Wade Tony's attention once more.
"Exactly! So stop pulling this shit out of your ass! You'll be fine!",Wade snapped and Peter forced his eyes shut, forced himself to breath slower, forced the quivering to stop.
Peter found that something about his body felt weird, even now that it had healed, but he couldn't point his finger at it. It just felt sort of wrong. It didn't disgust him like before. He didn't really care for it. This wrongness brought an apathy that Peter had only experienced under the influence of drugs. Back then it had been much stronger, more general. His current apathy wasn't all encompassing so Peter decided to worry about that later. He had more import things to worry about.
"Yeah, Imma speak to Lady Death real quick, make sure that we ain't looking for a ghost.", he explained.
, just took some food without asking permission.
"You enjoying yourself?", Tony asked with a crooked smile and Peter spun around to face him. He had almost forgotten that his father was there.
"Yes...I suppose...", the boy mumbled, his voice sounded hoarse and he gave Steve a weary expression before quickly lowering his eyes.
"Well, nevermind.", Steve mumbled as the video ended.
Peter was tired, exhausted, but there was no way he was sleeping not now, not until he saw Gwen and made sure that she was alright, he owed her that at least.
I hope you enjoy it and leave a comment!
"What are you talking about?!",He asked, fucking pissed off as Wade got up as well.
, it was all
caution.
"You get this glazed over look in your eyes when your thoughts spiral.", Wade explained and Peter nodded slowly.
Peter diverted his eyes, looked down at his clenched fists and slowly opened them, as if it was strenuous to do so."Yeah, whatever. "
"Well, then you're an idiot. Your dad clearly loves you.", Wade shot back and Peter cringed at the word 'love', clenching his teeth and pulling a face.
Wade just took them to the nearest mall, spending the entire time rambling about how much he loved the car.
Peter shrugged. He didn't want to leave,  didn't even want to think about it but it was probably inevitable now. "Don't know, Bucky usually chooses-", he started to reply when Bucky suddenly busted through the doors again, calling out Peter's name. Apparently that was his thing today. "What's up?", Peter asked, worry suddenly seeping in. Bucky looked frantic.
They started to hang out more, especially in the evenings, MJ would join them for dinner or come over afterwards. One day she even tagged along to the beach.
Peter let out a huff and rolled with his eyes. "What? Like you don't?", he asked and again Wade was stunned. Not that Peter had actually hurt his feelings or anything. And it wasn't a particularly eye opening statement either. Wade was very aware of his own hypocrisy. It was surprising that the words came from Peter. Either he had gained a whole lot of confidence in a really short amount of time or he was really fucking annoyed with how things were going.
The only thing he could rely on was her. Death, waiting at the entrance, never letting him in. Since Vanessa died Lady Death always took her appearance when Wade visited but not today. It was a full on cloak and skeleton appearance day.
Their relationship still hadn't recovered from Natasha's betrayal last year but it was slowly on the mend. Tony could tell that Natasha genuinely cared for Gwen and that was a good start.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
These days he read more, mostly Sci-Fi. It had been his favorite back in the 40s and the genre had only gotten wilder since then. Right now he was reading Dune, a classic, apparently.
Peter wanted to cry, why exactly, he wasn't sure. He didn't.
Peter didn't take it too bad, though. He was still grinning. "Yes, look at me! I'm so lucky!", he exclaimed before looking at Wade again. Wade thought that that would be everything he'd say on the topic but no. It took him a few minutes of silence but Peter got a little more serious before confessing what his issue was. "I saw the pictures, okay? I believe you. Doesn't mean that I can accept it. My whole worldview just got blown to pieces, man. Did someone ever tell you that your whole life is a lie? It fucking sucks. I mean, don't get me wrong, it was a shit life. But I believed in it. I- I don't know- I'm probably not making any sense..."
Bucky's question was so unexpected that Peter didn't answer right away, he needed a moment to comprehend it. When he still couldn't he asked:"For what?"
So Tony got up and convinced Wade to leave as well. Just before they closed the door behind them Tony turned to Peter once more, saying:"We'll be just next door." Then Bucky and Peter were alone.
Peter went to sleep.
"A hero...",Peter repeated slowly before cocking his head to one side and looking at Wade. "Like you?"
Death didn't answer for a moment. She just let her finger trace Wade's jaw, a playful smile on her lips. Then:"He was very brave, you know. So fucking brave. I gotta say, you have great taste, love."
Tony stood his ground, though, while Peter suddenly deflated. He backed down, stumbling a few feet away, shaking his head like he was trying to focus. All anger suddenly left his expression and all that remained was confusion. He looked lost and that was almost worse. "Or they do but they don't really care... You don't really care." After all the yelling his voice was suddenly so thin that Wade barely heard him. It quivered and Peter took a shaky breath before turning his back on them. But not in time to conceal the single tear that trailed down his cheek.
"Peter-", Wade asked carefully and the boy flinched as if he had kicked him.
"Yeah.", he nodded with a tentative smile before turning back around to leave.
' Of course they didn't, even if Peter would've understood it.
It felt big, in a strange way. Tony felt like Peter just made a huge step but he couldn't tell in which direction, if it was good or bad, if he should be hopeful or worried. Tony wanted to say something but Peter seemed to be on a roll. For this part he got up, started to pace nervously as all eyes in the room tracked him. "I'm sorry, okay. I won't do it again, I'll come home.", he then announced and Tony's heart did a flip. "But I do have a few-", Peter glanced at Bucky who gave him an encouraging nod. "Conditions.", he finished, the nervous energy radiating off of him.
“Regardless, handle it with caution. I wish the both of you Odin speed and success.” Thor squeezed Steve’s shoulder amicably, then Tony’s, before leaving the room, likely to attempt sleep for himself.
“It tastes like a snail with a sinus infection just slid down my throat.”
“Great,” Tony interjected. “What are we looking at here? A potion? A blood ritual? True love’s kiss?”
Steve rolled his eyes, long accustomed to Bucky’s admiration for luxury cars. He followed his friend’s path, boots crunching in the tightly packed snow that had frozen over from a storm passing through a few days prior. Christmas itself wouldn’t bring any fresh snow, but Steve was grateful that the ground was still blanketed in white regardless.
"Can you say that one more time? I could have sworn you said you wanted to share my bed but that can't possibly be what you actually said."
Steve whipped toward the stove, dropping the knife in his hands back onto the cutting board with a loud
The man ambled over to take a look before nodding. "Old Betsy never does like it when someone fills her up."
Steve walked over to stand beside him, stiffening once he reached Tony's shoulder. Tony was about to ask what was wrong, but the tension passed over in a flicker of an instant as Steve relaxed and smiled to himself. Okay then.
In any other situation, with any other person, Tony would joke his way around the topic. But the tension in Steve's eyes, the miniscule glint of fear and discomfort, bade Tony to hold his tongue. "Steve, of course I'm taking this seriously. This is your well-being on the line here." He watched gratefully as the fear eased out of Steve's eyes, even though the discomfort remained. Small victories. "Honestly, sharing a bed with you would be straight out of teenaged me's wildest dreams. Well, the tamer ones. That's irrelevant. My
Tony snorted out loud. “Now
Tony shrugged one shoulder. "Sure."
“Now I know 85% isn’t all that reassuring. You know what? Let’s make it 90%. That sounds better, a nice round number. Of course, that last 10% is still daunting, but more manageable, don’t you think? Even if something
Tony chose to distract Steve, and himself, from the impeding unknown with a longwinded rant regarding the farce that was banana flavored food items. Which led to discussing who decided grape, orange, and bubblegum were the best choices for children’s medicine. Which then devolved into hybrid fruit creations Tony asserted would be delicious if they existed. By the time they reached the bedroom, Steve held his aching ribs from laughing at Tony’s progressively more ridiculous suggestions.
, Steve. Just a scratch. I've had worse." Tony was sitting up now, though his face looked a little pale from the effort. One hand lay protectively over his wound. "Stop making a scene."
Tony figured this was one of the spell's side effects. Of course Steve would want his 'pack' to be safe. He'd do the same for Natasha or Bruce. Maybe even Thor, had the big lug still been in New York. Clint... That would be another story. "Sure. Why not?"
"Yeah, yeah. I can save your life
"A little birdie told me I could find you here," Steve said softly. Tony could hear the smirk in his voice from where his face kept aforementioned muscles company.
Eventually Pepper gave him the look that said "give a Tony Stark speech and you can go," so Tony jumped to his feet and obliged her, being sure to reiterate some of the points previously made to assure everyone present he had indeed been paying attention. Some people doubted his multitasking capabilities. He answered a couple of questions, gave a salute, and left the room as quickly as decorum allowed.
Gasping dramatically, Tony replied," You've outdone yourself, Steven."
Well, Tony reasoned as he walked down the short corridor, he hated the bad kind. The invasive paparazzi kind. The sleazy slimeball kind. But Steve's attention? That wasn't so bad.
Steve shrugged, unapologetic for nearly killing Tony. Not to be dramatic. "I figured we ought to talk about it. Get it out in the open."
“Yes, sir.” Tony poked at the pork chop with his fork. “Looks alright.”
“Of course, Sir.”
"Not well," Thor admitted. "I have a new path to follow. Perhaps it will lead me to the answers we seek."
“J, will you let Steve know we’ve got news?”
Defeated, Steve flopped down onto the wooden bench behind him. Head in his hands, he tried to think of a logical solution. He could just go to the front desk, tell them what happened and head back to his room. He didn't particularly want people to see him naked, but what other option does he have?
“Fuck off, Barton. This is serious business.”
"You're telling me."
Steve: You’re one to talk, Clint, but I appreciate that.
The idea chilled him.
Steve sighed, but he refused to admit defeat. “I don’t see any major problems.”
Silence reigned. Tony leaned forward, scrunching his eyes. “I don’t hear anything.”
Steve looked up at the ceiling, the projected star map taking his attention. He traced various constellations with his eyes and Tony watched the movement quietly. A handful of terse minutes later, Steve turned onto his side and faced Tony fully. Being the sole recipient of his gaze unnerved Tony now just as much as it had when they first met.
“That man will corrupt us all.”
"How're you feeling, by the way? Anything still hurt?"
Thor grinned, leaning down to enthusiastically ruffle Tony's hair. "Thank you, man of iron." The others bid their farewells and then Thor was gone with a swish of his cape.
"Someone there?"
“We got the doctor’s notes. Time to put this plan into action. You good, Steve?”
“What’s up?”
Tony extricated himself from Steve and shrugged, raising his gaze to meet that amused smirk head-on with a sardonic smile of his own. "Same difference."
Thor looked at each occupant of the table individually before fully resting his attention on Tony and Steve. The afflicted, Tony scoffed mentally.
Clint grunted before stalking off in the opposite direction.
Everyone followed Sam into the kitchen. Steve chuckled as Bucky and Sam immediately started pushing each other, trying to be the first to fill their plate. The island counter was covered in various dishes from various cuisines: mashed sweet potatoes and green bean casserole, roasted chicken and red rice, chow mein and kimchi, tofu soup and vegan macaroni and cheese, and of course the more traditional honey glazed ham and stuffed turkey. There were even a couple dishes Steve didn't recognize, so he assumed they must have been Tony's contributions to the potluck.
Next, Tony patted some clear liquid under his eyes then smoothed some type of lotion over his entire face. He looked so loose and relaxed that Steve envied him for a moment. Then the bright red toothbrush emerged from the vanity and Steve couldn't resist grinning.
Tony paused and fell back into his chair, letting the weight of the question hit him fully. “Honestly?”
The camera shot pans out, showing Tony lounging comfortably on the opposite end of the couch. His collar undone and tie missing, Steve knows this is the last of the press junket Pepper insisted upon. Two weeks prior Tony had been all press smiles, perfect posture, and pressed suits. Now his eyes have that telltale gleam which, to a trained eye, says exactly how tired he is.
Steve passed Tony a to-go cup from Reyes’ Bakery along with one of their world-famous glazed doughnuts. Steve grabbed one for himself as well, a white frosted Boston crème doughnut covered in red and blue star shaped sprinkles. Tony repressed a laugh at the familiar sight. Marta always gave Steve that exact doughnut anytime he swung by. “To help with the nostalgia,” she would tease. Steve, the saint, always ate them.
“Goodnight, Steve. See you in the morning.” Tony glanced at the clock. 3:34 am. “Well, later in the morning. And you ought to be back to your normal self by then. Exciting stuff.”
"Okay then. Want some coffee?"
Tony has no time to adjust to something unexpected. He feels like he did a pretty good job of not freaking out.
Steve moved to step around Tony, but Tony kept pace ahead of him and continued to shield Steve from the flames being blasted their way.
Distantly Steve wondered who he'd just decided to physically assault and how much trouble Fury would give him once he found out America's Golden Boy had gotten into a brawl. He heard sounds, voices, in the back of his mind but they were fuzzy due to the pounding rush of adrenaline thrumming through his veins. Then one sound filtered in and registered: a gun being cocked.
Nat: You and me both, Bruce.
Tony stared after Steve's back until he melted into the crowd of people bustling down the avenue. He told himself Steve was just being nice, keeping Gregory on his toes and in turn protecting Tony from any possible annoyance. If the man thought he and Steve were... something... then maybe he'd back off. Not that he and Steve were anything. Other than friends and teammates, of course. Friends hugged sometimes. No big deal.
Tony felt mildly hysterical. Since when had he and Steve switched mentalities? But, hey, he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth. “Exactly!” he shouted triumphantly, feeling victorious in a way he couldn’t explain. “You get it. Barton made it seem like I was being unreasonable.”
Tony stood from his stool in his workshop, stretching his arms above his head and letting out a satisfied groan as his back popped. "I think it's time for a break, J. Where's my caffeine fix?"
"It would probably help if you stopped putting yourself in the line of fire."
He had shown up at Sam's house with the intention of sharing the holiday with his family of his own making, and would be leaving with the possibility of adding two more people to that list. And if he was really lucky, maybe this crush could lead to something more.
"We're good," Tony replied. "Wanna meet Peter?"
Tony knew a proposition when he heard one. Hell, he'd made plenty of his own over the years.
Steve grunted but made an effort to move his feet and take some of his own weight, which Tony was grateful for. He should have been prepared for something like this to happen, but even he hadn't expected a run of the mill recon mission to turn into a full on firefight.
Steve paced the room restlessly, futilely glancing at his wrist watch as if he could stop time with mere willpower alone. He plucked at the itchy wool of his bright red santa sweater, the white pom-pom at the collar that topped off the character’s hat nearly tickling his chin.
So when Friday morning came, Steve grabbed his weekend bag and got into the shiny black SUV waiting for him on the curb outside his apartment building without a single question on his lips. He took in the scenery as it changed from concrete to open fields and back to concrete. He fiddled with the loose thread on the back of the driver's seat and smiled, feeling some of the past week's stress ebbing away. And when the car pulled into the drive of Serenity Spa and Resort, Steve thanked the driver before grabbing his bag and heading inside to check in.
"Gonna leave me a stellar review on Yelp?"
Pepper let out a long sigh on the other end of the line. "Hurry up." Then the line went dead.
"Never said you weren't," Steve replied breezily, a distinct departure from the days he would look askance at such a blatant innuendo. "Just wanted to. If that's alright."
"Yes, Sir?"
"Tony? Sweetheart, you need to wake up." Steve carded his hand gently through the tuft of hair sticking out of his husband's blanket burrito. A quiet snuffle reached his ears, soft enough to escape Peter and Morgan's notice. "Come on, baby," Steve said tenderly, tugging gently on the portion of the quilt covering Tony's face. "You don't want to keep our kiddos waiting, do ya?"
“Sarcasm is not a good look on you.”
“Touchy. Long day in the kitchen?”
“I think I would refuse on principle for the first day or two, but eventually feel horribly guilty for bothering you – or whoever the spell bonded me with – with my need for affection and close proximity and drink the potion. Hope for the best and go from there.” Steve nodded. “But you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Tony added. “We can keep looking for something else.”
Tony's press smile sharpened at the edges. "I don't see that happening. Though I do appreciate your concern, did you have any actual questions for me?"
“Me? Check on
The skin over his knuckles
“J?” Tony paused as his AI’s words penetrated the foggy haze of panic still lingering over his rational mind. It didn’t make sense, but… “Are you telling me that the wolf staring me down is
Steve lay back contentedly, tracking the steady decline of Tony's breaths until they evened out into the calm rhythm of slumber. He cozied himself down, curling himself around his husband, and let his eyes fall closed.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh at their antics, wisely deciding to not scroll up further and see what else could possibly be lurking since they apparently had seen the interview themselves.
Steve barked a laugh at that, garnering a genuine grin from Tony. "Tsk, tsk, Cap. 'Tis not well-suited of you to encourage ragging on a fellow Avenger. isn't that setting a bad example? You're a worldwide role model for morality, you know."
Tony stretched up for a kiss and Steve granted him a chaste peck on the lips. "Not that I don't love waking up to your gorgeous face," the genius managed before a yawn slipped free. "But," he continued, "why am I awake at a presumed ungodly hour?"
Tony glanced up from where his head lay on Steve's chest, a soft smile on his lips. "You're welcome. But really, thank
"Yes, of course. Thank you..." What was the kid's name again? Gangly thing, curly hair, glasses. Mom who was a homemaker, Dad who worked down in the sewers for the city. "TJ?" Tony tested cautiously.
Once Steve notices that same random guy trying to persuade Tony to go out with him, he walks straight to the pair and clears his throat. "How dare that man try to get to Tony without me there?" He asks himself before directing his attention to the other man.
“If I’m not mistaken, he said no twice already.” He says, jarring Alexander from Tony.
Tony shares a light laugh, “I’m actually trying to stay away from alcohol in general.”
Throughout lunch, Steve began to notice how little Tony was eating.
“I do and I will. You’re more like a puppy than a human, you know that right?”
"Starkster, what's up?" Clint greeted and patted him on the back.
“I see,” Alexander replies with a wink. “Why is a man like you alone at the party? No one interesting enough to take to s room?”
The man has brown eyes and black hair, his suit looks like a Tom Ford designer, and he looks almost like someone else he knows. Hammer. But Hammer’s in prison.
“Let me introduce myself,”  Steve says, his Brooklyn accent flaring from anger. “I’m Steve Rogers, and he happens to be my fella.” He gives out hand as a gesture for Tony to come to him which he did.
Steve knows that he’s seen the guy before the party, but he can’t remember when as he rushes towards the table while trying not to be rude by shoving guest away.
"Peter?"
"People faded and dust got into the dirt."
Their moment was interupted by someone clearing his throat.
“Sorry, can’t talk right now.”
"Tony," he called. He waited until Tony turned to him and when he did, he saw his eyes. They looked sad and dead. "Come in here with us. We'll tell stories about each other like the old days. You don't have to talk."
"Why are you sad?" Clint asked him with worry.
"T-Tony? What're you doing?"
“No, no, it’s not that.”
"You'll see when you get there." Of course she had to have an attitude.
“Stark, don’t make me cut your tongue out.” The man says in response.
The last few months have been the strangest time period of Steve's long life. Half of the population of all life has been dusted by Thanos and the stones were destroyed shortly after. He saw Tony, who he hasn't seen in years, drag himself out of the ship that was carried to Earth by Carol Danvers; he saw pain in his old friend's eyes when said friend revealed that he lost the kid.
Natasha rubs his shoulder, “Steve, what happened?”
Tony nods. "Okay."
"Don't be sorry, buddy. It's okay to be sad sometimes."
Hours later, when lunch came around, Steve saw Tony sitting in the living room as he looked around at everyone else grabbing their plates and making sandwiches.
Steve took a deep breath to process everything. "Tony, what happened?"
“They won’t know if you keep your mouth shut.” The man says as he touches Tony’s cheek.
"What do you mean?"
"I can't look at dirt because it reminds me of him."
Steve took his hand and rubbed it with his thumb. "I thought you were going to jump."
The wolf – Tony couldn’t for the life of him call the creature
"Sounds promising."
"Did you use the wrong button on the toaster again?"
After taking a much needed shower, brushing his teeth, and putting on the most comfortable pajamas he owned (red sweatpants lovingly worn for years and nothing else), Tony sank into his oversized bed and Egyptian cotton sheets with a pleasurable sigh of content. His mind ran a mile a minute for a while until it finally got the memo to slow down and shut up. Just as he closed his eyes, a soft knock on his door brought reality crashing back down.
"Cap, you idiot. Is this what had you so wound up these past couple days? You thought, what, that I didn't care about you as much? That it didn't kill me to go to sleep thinking
"I know, and I promise there's a real reason this time."
Thor grinned as the wolf returned, laying the shield gently at Tony’s feet. “Well, our captain shall be in good hands with you, Stark. Do not fret. I shall return as quickly as possible. As you Midgardians say, it shall be lickety-spit.”
Thor left the way he had arrived, with a blinding flash of white light. From behind them Tony could hear Clint scoffing. He turned to face him, a comeback on the tip of his tongue for whatever Clint was sure to say this time.
“Maybe,” Tony hedged as Thor declared, “Indeed!” He turned to glare, but really, how could anyone be mad at the pure delight on Thor’s face?
The man handed Steve his clothes and Steve took them with a quiet thanks. He's about halfway out the door, cart tugged behind him, when Steve blurted out, "That was amazing."
The others nodded their assent and bid one another goodnight. Thor pulled Steve aside to commend him on his wise actions and bravery in facing the unknown head-on. Soon only Steve and Tony lingered in the room. Conversation seemed inevitable. Tony resisted the instinct to run when Steve approached.
<<< tell that to your training equipment budget :)
in animal form? Priceless. And it would never leave Tony’s lab.
“Wait, don’t tell me. I’m not panicking, this is fine. Nothing odd going on here, no sir. Just a hulking pile of fur with razor sharp teeth guarding my door and preventing any exit strategies from being executed. Not that I would try to leave anyway. No sudden movements. I’m not
The man looked Steve up and down. "I would
“What? No, he hasn’t made any effort to communicate with me in any complex manner. Not anything like that.”
Sam: Ew. Ew. Ew.
“Tony, this is disgusting.”
But, like all good things, their moment of solitude came crashing to an end. Literally.
To any new readers, welcome to the story and please don’t murder me because of how long I take to update.
to help you out."
He grabbed the key for his locker that he'd left on the shelf by the door, then blinked at the new addition. There was a towel hanging by the door now, so Steve took it and wrapped it around his hips before exiting the room. It felt a little odd, walking around in public with just a towel covering him, but that was the lay of the land in places like this.
"We both made it out alive, didn't we?"
"I'll bring your lunch to your office, sound good?"
Sixty minutes passed far too quickly for Steve's liking, but when his time was up he dragged himself to his feet and over to the door. He'd hate to be the person responsible for ruining someone else's sauna time.
"Are you both ready?"
Broken from his reverie, Tony shook himself from his Steve induced haze and approached his own side of the bed. Holding out the food to Steve, he added, “Not that you aren’t usually a good boy.”
Steve: Sorry Nat.
Tony paused mid-breath, whipping his gaze back onto Steve. “Did you just quote a college student Harry Potter parody production at me?”
," Tony asserted, shifting where he sat. "You should be more worried about Interpol busting down that door and dragging America's Golden Boy out of the building in handcuffs."
Tony would never grow accustomed to the sight of Steve Rogers reclining in his bed like he belonged there. Red silk sheets against milky stretches of exposed skin, Steve looked expectantly up at Tony. A small twitch of his lips as their eyes locked.
“Do you… uh,” Tony met the wolf’s gaze, hand shuffling through the mop of hair on his head. “Do you really want me to throw it, Steve?” It felt so surreal speaking to a wolf and expecting it to answer. But Thor seemed convinced it was possible, and he’d seemed to understand Clint well enough. “Because while I think indulging Clint’s childish fantasies of owning a team mascot is ridiculous, it would be beyond my paygrade to deny Captain America his new favorite chew toy.”
Either Fury didn't understand or, more likely, didn't care. The director had sent Tony and Steve on a diplomatic mission of sorts, reminiscent of Steve's USO days. Go to a city, attend a dinner or gala or intimate party with an exclusive guest list, make them all feel important, get their money or loyalty or both, and repeat it all the next day.
The door shook ominously once again, this time giving a loud creak as well. Steve turned his full attention to it.
Miraculously as he and Tony tussled and jostled, Tony shifted to the side just as the bullet made impact. The duo fell to the floor, Steve strewn across Tony's chest, as warmth pooled beneath them.
“As I believed, there was a path to a cure. An ancient race distantly related to my ancestors possessed a tome detailing the chronicles of those who had come face to face with the same beings who attacked us. By the luck of the Bifrost, they had dealt with the exact spell and wrote of how to dispel it.”
"I really couldn't care less at this moment in time."
Steve silently slid the dimmer switch enough to bathe the bedroom in a soft wash of golden light, enough to see by but not enough to push through his husband's eyelids and wake him. Morgan and Peter arranged themselves to one side of the bed, wearing a matching set of the sort of manic grin that Steve associated with candy stores and amusement parks. He took his place on the opposite side of the bed, leaning down to be at eye level with the little ones.
"That's great. How about you, Pete?"
“I’m sorry,” Tony sympathized. “There’s probably something I could – “
A few hours later, Steve sits on the couch while sketching. He’d put his phone on silent after he’d finished his snack, leaving the others to their own devices without his input. As much as he loves those people like family, some days they are just too much to handle. Feeling satisfied with his progress – a child at the hospital who loved drawing had inspired Steve to create a fantastical herd of unicorns, which he planned to give to them when he went to visit the next day – Steve places the page of thick paper down. He grabs his phone to check the time, an annoying habit he had picked up from living in this century, and immediately regrets it.
Within minutes the entire family of four situated themselves on the bed in a small circle, laughing and sharing bites of food. Steve, ever the strategist, had wisely prepared a handful of eggs and half a slab of bacon with this exact outcome in mind.
Tony ignored the flush of warmth rising in his gut that accompanied those words, replying with a simple nod that seemed to assuage Steve enough. He thought over his reaction the entire way to the bathroom, as he washed his hands, and the entire walk back to the common room where Steve waited.
"Yeah. Happy should be outside by now. Or whoever Pepper sent to fetch me." Tony winced at his choice of words. Fetch. Oops. "You know what I mean."
"It's afternoon, Tony."
“What do you –“
After satisfying the initial wave of hunger, Tony hazarded to look up at Steve. Who happened to be chewing at his food at a normal pace like a normal person. Tony could almost see the teasing remark poised on the thip of that smug smirk.
Steve moved mindlessly, thinking only of reaching Tony in time to push him out of harm's way. Maybe he wouldn't be able to deter him, but he had to try. He couldn't have Tony's blood on his hands. Not Tony, not now, not ever.
After a day of arguing with selfish politicians, herding curious children at the aquarium with Sam, and chasing rambunctious dogs around for a local shelter's adopt-a-thon event with Bucky, Steve Rogers wanted to fall face first into the fluffy mattress he shared with his husband and not open his eyes for a week. Rationally he knew it wasn't possible, but it was a nice thought to entertain as he rode the elevator up to their shared floor.
, I have had the honor of digesting. It was a dare when I was young and impressionable, but I remember the taste. I’m sure it will haunt me for the rest of my days. Why do you ask?”
“We’re all here! What’s up, big guy? What did you find?”
“Not a problem. No way on this earth would I just watch as you chugged some illegal alien potion. Ridiculous. Absurd, even.”
“Once the required items were obtained, I returned to Asgard where Heimdall took them to his great grandmother to have her brew the potion. She’s a witch of sorts,” he added when Bruce looked ready to inquire further on the topic. “It took six days to brew in her world, but I returned as quickly as I could.”
can you tell I suck at exposition? and love dialogue? because I do
Tony stepped around the wolf to open the door, waving his hand with a flourish to imply the wolf take the lead to the elevator. The creature eyed him yet again before walking past Tony out into the hallway and in the direction of the elevator. The gym took up the 83
“Can’t say I’m not tempted,” Steve admitted. “Thor, what sort of other consequences are there?”
“Okay, fetch is out of the question. I’ll stop trying to make fetch happen. I’m not Barton. I can take a hint.” Tony looked around the gym, hoping for a burst of inspiration. He’d never been allowed to have a pet when he was a kid, and in his early post-MIT days he’d either been on a party bender or drowning beneath a flood of emotional turmoil. “Do you want me to leave you alone for a bit? Process all of this on your own?”
"It's been a while since I've had someone looking for me in the morning."
The ones in Los Angeles and New York City were easy. Steve knew most of those people already, whether they be grandsons of men who knew Steve in the heyday and felt entitled to familiarity or the typical power hungry type unafraid to put on a little bravado if it got them the audience of Captain America. There was no Steve Rogers in events like this. He knew what to say, what not to say. Sometimes that made the hours of nodding and listening easier to endure.
Steve looks up at Tony, a smile fighting a scowl across his lips. The scowl wins. “Clint is being his usual self in the group chat.”
"Did you just say ass?"
"Thanks, J."
Tony shot up into a sitting position and blinked a few times to make sure he hadn’t missed anything. But no, Steve was really gone. He checked his nightstand in case Steve had left a message to explain his absence, trying his damndest to keep his growing anxiety under control when there was no such note. He reached over and grabbed his phone to look for any unread messages, only to be disappointed once again.
“Less now, Captain. But that is correct.”
Tony and how he
While Steve continued his perusal of the room, Tony peeked into the lunch bag like a kid peeling back the wrapper of the coolest looking Christmas present. Unencumbered by nerves, since Steve's attention was currently focused elsewhere, Tony filched a french fry and gracelessly stuffed it into his mouth. Delicious. He glanced up to check Steve's progress, only to find he'd been caught red-handed.
"I'm a big boy, Cap."
move, as Tony's arms squeeze around him and pull him closer.
Tony nearly choked on the gulp of water he had drank a mere second before. "Sorry. What?"
Testing his luck, Tony lifted his head and met Steve’s piercing gaze once more. The wolf lowered its head, putting the full weight of its muzzle into Tony’s hand.
"Okaaaay then. Well, I'm gonna hit the sack. See you in the morning, Cap." Tony looked up where Jarvis had helpfully projected the current time onto the ceiling. "Later in the morning, I mean."
The man scoffed, moving to stand to his full height. He still stood a good three inches below Steve's eye line, but the move seemed to give him newfound confidence. "Do you know who I am?"
Then he heard… something. A gentle rasping, or maybe something scratching? Tony sat up, his eyes drifting over the room in order to locate the source of the noise. Eventually his gaze landed on a pile of fur draped on the floor near the door that led out into the hallway. Did he always have a fur rug there?
"I don't know if I understood that reference."
“Of course, sir. While I do experience concern for your emotional and physical wellbeing on a constant and consistent basis, I do have news.”
forget, ugh Clint
"And your instincts said 'Quick! Jump on that grenade! It worked out last time.'?"
"Ha. I like to think I've learned something from each of those wonderful people. Kindness, patience. The art of making a perfectly stirred martini."
Steve wiped a stray tear of mirth from his eye, levelling Tony with an unimpressed stare. "You're funny," he commented, deadpan.
Steve's distressed expression melted into a soft, disbelieving smile. "Yeah?"
“I have,” Steve acquiesced.
Tony had been the one to shout his name, the one to push his way through to Steve's side.
When the group passed Fury, the man fell into step beside Steve. "We'll do what we can to get you out quickly, try to make your stay comfortable. It might take a few days to soothe a spoiled prince's bruised ego."
Steve breathed out a laugh despite the worry sitting steadfast in his chest. "You are. This is an unexpected glitch."
Steve lifted his gaze to the kids and gave a nod.
"How come we have to be quiet?"
"I'll have to make time to swing by," Tony conceded. "I miss Diane fawning over how I don't eat enough and Frank doing his best horrible impressions of my witty comebacks."
“So you brought some type of dessert.”
? That doesn’t sound reassuring.”
"STEVE!"
Before he even recognized the movement, he had one hand holding the man in place by the shoulder as his free hand rose in an arc, fist aimed directly at the spurious man's nose.
Steve blinked. “Nothing feels any different.” He lay back against the pillows, making himself comfortable now that the adrenaline rush of anticipation had diminished. “I don’t even feel sleepy.”
They were halfway down the corridor before Tony noticed how thoroughly
Steve blinked, a flash of blue meeting Tony's fond gaze. "Yeah?"
"A little late for that." Tony parroted Steve's earlier words with a smile.
The god held it out to Steve, who took it with gentle fingers. He held it up to eye level, apparently just as fascinated by the color as Tony was.
“I let go of that title a long time ago,” Tony’s voice filters in, “and I’m sure Ms. Potts would kill me if I tried to take it back now.”
“Sounds simple enough,” Steve replied. Tony couldn’t tell if the statement was made in earnest or in jest. Nothing about this situation was simple.
He was probably just a little attention deprived. After all, Rhodey had been in some undisclosed location for the last week and Pepper had been so tied up in SI meetings they hadn't had a proper catch up session in three days. Having Steve so attentive and clingy was good for his ego, but it didn't go much deeper than that. It couldn't.
(hopefully it's not horrible. trying to get back into the swings of things.)
Tony tugged on Steve's arm to get the man moving again, then chuckled despite himself. "Oh, I don't know. How about kicking it out of the room? Or tossing it back at the AIM idiots to buy us some time?"
With blue eyes narrowed critically, the wolf stood its ground. Once satisfied its prey wouldn’t be making any sudden moves, it sniffed around Clint’s feet. Slowly it released the tension in its shoulders. Next, its tail dropped into a relaxed state. Finally, the wolf looked Clint directly in the eyes and sat down.
“If you were in my situation, what would you do?”
“Yeah.”
"Let's go, Kiya. I don't need to subject myself to such blatant harassment." The man roughly pulled the woman to his side using his grasp on her wrist as he spoke.
This is most likely the longest chapter I’ve ever written for anything in a long while, which is most likely me feeling terrible about leaving all of you hanging and trying to make up for it in some way. If there’s any continuity issues, I take full responsibility. I edited this without a beta as per usual, so if you see any mistakes please let me know! My head has been a mess and I had to go back and reread what I’d already posted to remember where the story was headed.
“Tony?”
A beat of silence passed. "Go on then," Fury said, noticeably farther from the door this time.
Tony and Steve share another bite to eat, Tony has cold feet, and there's a cure on the horizon.
Thor looked from Tony to where Steve sat on his haunches, with teeth no longer bared but a piercing stare pinned on the god. “Ah, yes. I should apologize to you, dear Captain.” He went to his knees, reaching out a hand toward Steve in an amiable gesture. The wolf sniffed cautiously, then bit Thor’s thumb before swinging its head in the opposite direction. An obvious dismissal, if Tony had ever seen one. And he’d seen plenty.
“You’re welcome, Capsicle. Uh, I mean, Steve.”
“But I’m at least 79% sure, actually let’s round up to a nice 85%, that nothing terrible will result from this… magic juice. Ew, really need to come up with a better name. Let’s just call it multiverse wolfsbane.”
Four hours passed in a blur of Tom Hanks hijinks and Ryan Gosling giving Steve Carrell dating advice. Tony’s spoon hit the bottom of the ice cream carton with a dissatisfied thump. He sighed and shut off the television. At nearly one in the morning, he should probably attempt to sleep. Not to say more orthodox traditions such as sleeping though the night ever applied to Tony Stark. He could count on one hand the amount of times he’d slept “normal” hours in the past year. And one of those had happened last night, with Steve by his side snoozing up a storm. The man oozed warmth and safety wherever he went. Probably a side effect of the serum. Those strong arms, those thick thighs, that disarming smile…
Tony shuddered, both hands clutching at his side where the bullet had left stains on Tony's otherwise flawless charcoal grey suit jacket. Steve gripped him tighter in response.
was the one meant to put his life on the line. But Tony had never looked at him that way, had he? He'd never been afraid to call Steve out, to tell him things he didn't want to hear. Tony represented everything Steve needed to balance his hectic life. And damn it all but Steve wanted to be that person for Tony as well. Even if trying to do so ended in a burned bridge or an emotional explosion neither of them could come back from.
“Patience is a virtue, Cap.” Tony grinned at the annoyed puff of air that left Steve’s lips. Steve didn’t even have to look to see the man’s smile in his mind’s eye. “Besides, you worked so hard to make us a homemade meal. I’d hate to spoil your appetite.”
"Thanks. I get that a lot."
the scene he’d painted to Steve could potentially come across. He winced and glanced at him, but the man seemed unaffected. Well, if Steve wasn’t bothered by the idea of Tony playing mother hen… maybe Tony was overthinking things. No surprise there.
When Steve crossed the threshold of the room, comfort washed over him like the tide. There was nothing in the world that could match the feeling of being
Tony turned in the opposite direction, fully set on escape, but managed only one measly step toward evasion before manners forced him to pause. There was a hand on his shoulder that didn't belong to him, meaning it had to belong to Gregory. Tony didn't bother turning back around.
“Late in my own home? Blasphemous.”
Tony hissed beneath him, groaning when Steve's hand pressed against sticky fabric. "I'm fine. Steve, get up! I'm fine."
Five minutes of walking had them outside the maintenance closet, and another three had them safely hidden away with the doorknob broken and a barricade of supplies put in place against the door to buy them some time. It was only a matter of time until someone figured out where they were, police banging on the door at any moment. A quick search of the room yielded no first aid kit.
"Not at all." The woman typed in a few more things before pulling out a keycard from a drawer and handing it to Steve. "This is your room key, room 13B. We hope you enjoy your stay, and you can call the front desk with any questions."
Steve opened his eyes slowly, feeling like he'd just interrupted a moment never meant to be seen. "Uh, yeah, sorry. Just heard something from the kitchen and wanted to make sure everything was okay."
Steve felt a chuckle push past his lips before he could stop it escaping. "You're terrible." He could see the door ahead now that everyone else had given them a berth and made a clear path. "Just a bit further, Tony."
“Does he like fetch?” Clint glanced around, eyes landing on the practice shield Steve usually used when the team held sparring sessions in the gym. He picked it up, eagerly waving it around in front of Steve. “Hey, Cap. You wanna play?” He tossed the item to the other side of the gym, watching with childish enthusiasm. “Come on, Cap. Go fetch!”
"Your cockiness is misplaced," the man retorted. "I have claims here that you could never understand."
"My locker isn't opening and my clothes are in there so… I was hoping you could help me out?"
"I was asking the lady's opinion." When silence fell, Steve added, "And I would very much appreciate it if you loosened your grip."
“When did you become the smart one around here? Wait, don’t answer that.” Tony reached for his phone, before remembering he was in pajamas and the object of his search lay ten feet away on his bedside table. “Text Thundercat and let him know to meet me in the gym. Ought to be quiet down there at this time of day.”
know what will happen if you continue hurting this woman."
Steve puffed out a breath that sounded suspiciously like laughter. “A few, yes. Where did you get that success rate from if neither you nor Jarvis could find any further information?”
"I'm feeling good now, thanks." Rhodes called out to Tony as the man seemed on the precipice of saying something else, but instead he closed his mouth to smile warmly at Steve. "That's my cue to join the circus. See you in a bit."
"Something like that." Tony sighed at the memory of that second of discomfort when Gregory had touched his shoulder. "Let's just say I'll be glad when my service as SI ambassador to visiting British investors is over." He moved to unlock the door to his office, brandishing a gold-plated skeleton key. Really the key was superfluous and didn't affect his security in the slightest, but it had been a gag gift from Rhodey and he couldn't let it go to waste. Everyone humored him when he installed the old-fashioned door that year.
“It’s… something. Definitely something else.”
"Night, sweetheart."
Steve stood when Tony entered the room. Tony wasn't quite sure how he felt about that, but it was neither here nor there. This odd behavior wouldn't last much longer anyway. Thor was certain he could find some sort of counterspell in Asgard. When all was said and done, this would just be another crazy situation they all looked back on and laughed about.
shout out to martha for being amazing and getting a background character named after her
That night brought the best night's sleep he'd ever had.
In typical Thor fashion, the god arrived with a bang. Literally.
“As you say, sir.”
"Don't be ridiculous, Steve. You dropped the shield and while your suit may be flame retardant, I'd feel a hell of a lot safer if you just let me handle this."
“Indeed, he is. Has he scratched a message into the floorboards? Dragged a novel or magazine of importance to your side?”
As Steve approached the closet to toss his clothes into the dirty laundry hamper, he heard a lingering strain of music drifting from the en suite bathroom. A quick glance at the clock on his bedside nightstand told him it was nearly midnight.
Tony laughed and pressed a kiss to the crown of Steve's head. He wouldn't trade his grumpy boyfriend -- or his ridiculous teammates -- for all the money in the world.
Steve drew his now bloody hand into Tony's line of sight. "You're not fine." He stood, hating the grimace of pain on Tony's face. "Come on, we'll figure something out." He held out a hand in offer of assistance, but Tony swatted it away.
dwell on the fact that you said ass. I'm a genius, we're good at multitasking."
WHEN DID THIS GET SO MANY KUDOS???????? I'm so grateful to you all!
“What does it feel like?”
Steve groaned as they sharply turned a corner, searching for the stairs that would lead them back up to the ground floor. Stupid underground lairs. If the suit were at all viable, Tony would have just shot through the ceiling, to hell with any cave-in potential.
Shrugging, Steve ambled toward their bedroom. He was determined to strip down to his briefs and crawl under the covers. Once he got settled he could ask JARVIS to send a message to Tony. Knowing his husband, he was probably down in the workshop elbows deep in some circuitry.
As Tony leaned into his side while encouraging Morgan as she told them about her latest art project at school, Steve squeezed his husband's hip and let himself relish the moment.
"Yeah. After you."
He tiptoed back into the front room, wary of disrupting whatever he might see. And there, sitting in one of the recliners by the bay windows, was Tony cradling a baby in his arms. The infant was swathed in a navy blue blanket, a poof of light brown hair visible atop their head. Steve nearly melted entirely when Tony started to softly speak with the child.
"Heading to HQ?" Steve asked, his voice breaking through Tony's mental walk down memory lane.
Tony nodded, too busy thinking over the last twenty four hours to question how Steve knew what his usual was. Finally the elevator opened into the private lobby, where Tony took a left to exit out the side door of the building. He was not in the correct mindset to be dealing with paparazzi.
Steve slid his arm across Tony's shoulders and smoothly interrupted whatever garbage about to leave the man's mouth. "Tony, are you ready to go in?"
"I'd say," he snorted.
it took me a few days to type this up from the day i actually wrote it out but here we are! fun filler chapter for all
Tony wakes up the next morning, but maybe he's dreaming?
Tony quirked his brow and popped his free hand onto his hip. "What took you so long? Don't think you can flatter me enough to forget what time it is."
expect Steve sitting in Rhodey’s typical perch, smiling softly at the look of pure surprise no doubt plastered on Tony’s face.
He'd just finished plating the food when JARVIS alerted him that Tony would arrive in a few minutes. Looking down at it, Steve felt it wasn't that bad.
"I'd love to, but, unfortunately, I have something that needs my immediate attention. Are you hungry? I can have one of the interns take you down to the cafeteria. More like a buffet, really. One of those international deals. Happy's idea, actually. Smart man." Tony waved one hand maniacally above his head until he caught the eye of one of the secretaries up front. He made a few hand signals which, thankfully, the woman comprehended. After a quick nod of acknowledgement she picked up the phone and spoke hurriedly into the receiver, hopefully calling for an intern to come to Tony's rescue. She deserved a raise.
"Stop fussing. I'm
Tony straightens in his seat on screen, Steve subconsciously doing the same on his IKEA couch. “Well,” Tony says, “it’s been great seeing everyone have such a positive reaction. But now, I think it’s about time I catch a plane. I have someone in Boston I kinda want to see, so that’s where I’m heading.”
you're taken care of. Why do you always have to make everything so difficult?"
“No. Why would I? I can make potatoes, Tony.”
Five hours? Tony peeked at the nearest computer screen to check the time. 7:27 pm. Whoa. Where had the hours gone? Tony did the math in his head and figured it added up. Of
"I find it hard to believe any day in the life of Tony Stark is 'slow,' but I suppose."
Steve's footsteps sounded behind him. Tony appreciated the fact that Steve made noise for his benefit. He could have just as easily sneaked up behind Tony and made this more awkward than it needed to be.
“Bucky, will you please hurry up? I’d rather keep my manhood and if we’re any later than we already are, either Sam or Rhodey would be more than happy to relieve me of it.”
Steve stood and followed Tony to the counter. “I’m sure I’ll be blown away.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
Just as the snowball left his hand, Steve had the instinctual feeling that something was about to go terribly wrong. His intuition proved right when, as Bucky jumped out of the trajectory of the snowball, a man Steve had never met walked out the door of Sam’s place. Steve tried to warn the man to move, but his voice stuck in his throat. Within the span of seconds, the man was on his back in the snow, one hand placed gingerly against his forehead.
The wolf turned its brilliant blue eyes onto Tony, tongue lolling happily from one side of its mouth. One paw idly pushed against the fallen shield. Did it really expect Tony to play fetch with it? It was one thing to play catch with Steve on the rooftops, living out a misguided childhood dream, trying to find something to bond over when Tony had no idea what Steve was really like. But now it felt… odd. He’d rather take the wolf down to the lab, hand it a paintbrush and some child friendly watercolors, and see what happened. A piece of art made by a wolf would be niche enough, but something made by
Sam came into the room next, Natasha hot on his heels. James Rhodes, the man Sam co-leased the home with, followed behind. Steve didn’t know Rhodes well, beyond that the man had served in the US Air Force and wasn’t home all that much since his career took him out of the country more often than not.
. It raised itself up onto four legs, a pair of gleaming eyes turning in Tony’s direction. Piercing gray-blue eyes that reminded him of waves cresting in the middle of a storm. The animal’s dark blond fur, speckled with patches of brown, bristled when their gazes met. The creature soon relaxed though, as if it recognized Tony.
Steve hesitantly picked up a few noodles, slowly bringing them to his lips. The smell alone, a gust of garlic and onion and heavy cream, nearly made him sick enough to drop his fork. But if nothing else Steve Rogers kept to his word, so he allowed the pasta into his mouth. The sauce coated his tongue like peanut butter. He hadn’t been so thankful for the serum taking away his gag reflex since the time he’d first fought on the front lines.
With a jaunty wave in Thor's direction, Tony entered the elevator and requested to be dropped off at the floor of his personal workshop. He had a few things to pick up for the meeting he was already late for, so he wanted to at least have a somewhat viable excuse to give Pepper for his tardiness. Not that she would believe him, or necessarily be surprised by his late arrival. But in the life of Tony Stark these things were unavoidable.
"Sir, you can't leave this room," a voice said behind them. Steve assumed it belonged to one of the bodyguards from earlier. "You assaulted a royal personage. We'll have to arrest you."
The man squinted, his eyebrows raising at the same time. “Are you an angel? Am I dead?”
"I'm not sure, but probably. Will that be a problem, if I have to leave earlier?"
argued a voice that sounded eerily like Rhodey.
"J, if you would."
“I see how it is,” Clint grumbled good naturedly. He fluidly rose to his feet, turning his attention back to Thor. “So, what are we looking at here? Capwolf for life?”
"Okay, troopers. Let's head upstairs. Safely and quietly, please."
Tony finally gets away from Gregory long enough to have that lunch date with Steve. But it's not a date.
“The vial is currently upon Sir’s bedside table,” Jarvis interjected helpfully.
He listened to the man rambling at the front of the room about stock values for all of five minutes before his mind started to wander of its own accord. He was thankful Gregory had been strategically placed on the opposite side of the room. One more minute of his company would most likely drive Tony to rash actions no one would approve of.
"Of course. I often forget the spirit inhabiting your home."
a map after all.
“Nice to meet you, Steve. I think you’re the only person I’ve ever known to treat hitting someone with a snowball as a life debt.”
. Maybe it partially came from the temperature regulation protocol Tony used to keep the room toasty and warm, but in the end it didn't really matter where he went as long as Tony was nearby.
"What's your name?"
martha idk if this counts as jealous!steve but it's a start at least
"I don't ever want to lift my head from this counter," the supersoldier grumbled.
The engineer frowned. "Steve?"
“I know. But I think you should taste these.”
"Yes."
“That is quite the rhyme,” the AI pointed out. Tony could hear the skepticism.
"But surely it must hit you at times? The fear of being alone for the rest of your life, no one beside you when you find yourself on your deathbed."
“Hmm?” Tony looked over to Steve, having drawn his focus to his hands as he rambled. He tended to do that. “Sorry, got a little ahead of myself. Have a question for me?”
pulled a few all-nighters over the past week. "Put in a new order for the good stuff. For now I'll make due with what Barton considers coffee."
Bucky showed his appreciation for the vehicle once they had disembarked, walking toward it and letting out a wolf whistle. “I can see my reflection in the paint! This baby is a looker.”
“I’m so sorry,” Steve said again, wringing his hands. His gloves felt too thin, still damp from snow, and he fought a shiver. “If it helps, I wasn’t aiming for you.”
"May I ask why?" Tony quickly added, "Not that I'd mind exactly. I'm just curious as to what brought this on."
"That hungry, huh?"
He slipped under the covers first, moving to take over the left side of the bed. He usually slept in the middle, but taking up the entire bed like he usually did felt a bit rude.
Steve blindly threw a stray spoon in the archer's direction. Clint caught it with a roll of his eyes. "How's about you just stick to throwing your shield, eh Cap?"
Steve tore his doughnut in half, popping one piece into his mouth as he thought over how he would respond. Tony valiantly looked away when the man licked excess crème from his fingertips. Slowly Steve replied, “Not as much as I was, in the beginning. I miss my ma, of course, but that applies to anyone who’s lost family. Now and then I’ll pass a part of the city Bucky and I used to crawl around. Recognize how much it’s changed, how it hasn’t. Sometimes I’ll crave a food or a restaurant that doesn’t exist anymore.”
“The potion didn’t work right, did it?” Clint stopped in his tracks when a low growl reverberated around the room. He gazed down, finally laying eyes on Steve for the first time. “Whoa, easy there. I’m not going to hurt your boyfriend, Cap.”
Steve huffed and threw his hands in the air. "Damn it, Tony. I told you I'll take care of that
"What happened to the redhead?" the reporter persisted, though Steve and Tony had both turned away. "Dumped you already? Not that I'd blame her. Who would ever want to put up with Tony Stark?"
Tony let his eyes slide shut, and just before his exhaustion overtook his determination to stay awake until their lift arrived, he could have sworn he'd heard Steve say, "Of course I wouldn't, because you're the man who gave me a home here. And I'll never forget it."
"Let's just blow this joint. I don't think I can top this."
"We all have our days," Tony commiserated. Boy, did he have days. "I've gotta get back. See you around."
sauna. But he would be on his own, so Steve didn't worry about it as much as might have under different circumstances. He stuffed his clothing into a locker, made sure it was shut securely, then wandered through the entrance into the sauna room.
"What?"
Although the food wasn't perfect, Steve had never had a better Christmas.
Once everyone had their drinks the way they liked them (Tony's black coffee with a dash of brown sugar, Natasha's tea with milk, Bruce's tea with honey), they fell into a comfortable discussion revolving around Clint's latest obsession: Neo Pets. How he found time to save the world, keep his skill sets sharp, and care for fifteen of the things while running a somewhat illegal online shop on the side was a mystery even Jarvis couldn't solve.
Steve shrugged when Rhodes pinned him with his gaze. "Yeah, it was. But it was an accident!"
"Can I help you?" the man asked. Steve finally shifted his gaze, feeling the woman would be safe enough.
Wade knew that he was being an ass. He wasn't allowed to be jealous of the girl that was tortured by crazy Nazis her whole life. But if this was any other situation, if all three of them weren't who they really were, that's what things would look like: Gwen was Peter's person, the way that Vanessa had been Wade's. They knew each other better than anyone else, had seen each other at their best and at their worst. She was the person that Peter trusted most in this world, the person he loved most and she was beautiful. Sure, she was broken but she was broken in the same way that Peter was. The kind that didn't diminish her beauty. In Peter's eyes she was perfect.
"I didn't come along at all, technically you kidnapped me!"
as in, I ripped her apart with my bare hands.", his voice was toneless. A beat of silence. Wade didn't have an issue with violence in of itself but it was weird to imagine Peter as the source. Especially the version he knew.
When he was with Wade he could just enjoy his presence and that's what they did. They enjoyed each others presence. MJ and Wade got along like a house on fire. With MJ's dry sense of humour, Wade's sharp wit and their combined knowledge of pop culture Peter didn't even need to act as a bridge between the two. He could just hang back and let them enjoy their conversation while Peter enjoyed Wade's arm that was wrapped around him and his strong shoulder that Peter leaned on. Things were good.
him to check out his room. He then proceeded to only leave it when called, he completely retreated otherwise, into the room and into himself.
Peter felt a twinge in his chest when he heard that. He was fucking up Tony's life, he was aware of that. It was still worse to hear it laid out like that. "Tony, I-", the woman he called Pepper started but Tony shook his head.
Okay, so this chapter has two parts and I just wanna say,  it'll be bad. This one is the tamer one of the two but it's still no fun, at least for the characters.
"Yeah, why didn't you wake me up?", Wade asked, before getting up from the armchair he slept in. His bones cracked when he stretched.
"Wade. Haven't seen you here in a while.", Lady Death greeted him, her voice was deep and intense but also soothing and warm. Hypnotizing in a way.
"That's a loaded question. ", he sighed, letting himself fall back into his bed. Gwen quickly joined him, her head resting on his chest, tucked underneath his chin.
"I don't know what you're trying to do but you must know that it won't work.", she spat before aiming her gun and pulling the trigger. Peter didn't have the energy to scream, he groaned, pressed his hands to the new wound that was gushing with blood. It was no use.
"Put the gun down. ", Peter demanded and forced himself to put his arms down. His voice didn't sound as steady as he would've liked.
"Yeah, I figured you'd like it here. The nightlife of Manhattan might be a perk I used to enjoy, doesn't mean that you gotta be the same."
Peter didn't recognize the woman's voice but when he crept a step further into the workshop, he could see her face on the large screen Tony was sitting in front of. She looked quite uptight and proper, her strawberry blond hair pulled back into a tight knot, a little crease between her eyebrows as she spoke.
"And I'm radioactive. If I could get cancer I would've gotten it by now.", Peter said. After all, Bucky had read his file and knew that the experiments that gave Peter his powers involved a radioactive spider.
"But they don't know that you have that so no pressure.", Bucky told him gently, hoping that it would sooth whatever anxiety was building up in Peter's mind.
Peter smiled. It
Peter got an eerie feeling as they wandered through the hallways. Maybe it were the LED lights or the soft music playing in the background but reality didn't quite feel real. Maybe he was just disassociating. He quickly grabbed three oranges and started to juggle with them to give himself something else to focus on.
When she pulled back he smiled at her like he would smile at the real Peter. "Better?", He asked and not-Peter's smile widened.
"Peter. ", Gwen said, her tone careful, her smile hesitant and Peter might burst. He wasn't sure what he was feeling, if it was positive or negative but it was definitely a lot.
"Can I ask you a question?", Wade asked at some point. They've been driving for a few hours now. The only stop they made was to buy food. Rusk, bananas, chicken soup, stuff that Peter's stomach could actually take. He noticed the difference within hours, felt himself getting stronger, felt how his healing factor got powered up.
His trembling hands hovered over Wade's chest for a second. "No, no, no...", Peter mumbled, his breath picked up and his vision got blurry.
, how Peter dispised that smile. "It is a shame, really, all that hard work undone."
Once Wade took a seat beside Peter he asked the question he was more interested in:"So why are you up here?"
A part of him told him that it had to be done. He needed to be fixed to ever get a chance of becoming good.
"Yeah, but he hasn't seen you in ten years, he doesn't even remember you.", Deadpool returned and Tony's chest grew tight. " I'm sure that you're great but he doesn't know that yet so I'm staying right here until he feels safe enough for me to leave. And you can try to kick me out, fight me all you want but I promise you, I'll get back up every time and I'll stand my ground. Got it?!"
Wade then took out one of his burner phones and tossed it into Peter's lap. Thank God he had multiple ones. Peter only crushed his main one. "You can Google your dad if you want. Don't want you meeting him completely unprepared."
"Peter, please, I'm just worried.", Wade pleaded but it was too late. Peter had already made up his mind, had chosen a side, the side he'd always be on. Wade was a fucking fool for even trying.
Slowly Peter calmed down. He clung to this memory, the only memory he had from before and let it calm his mind. After several more minutes of ragged breathing he finally calmed down enough to open his eyes again. MJ was floating several feet away, her eyes wide with fear. "Okay...Okay, I've got it, I think. I'm sorry.", he breathed out before raising his hands out of the water and pressing the heels of his hands against his eyes.
"When I went through the treatment they gave me those drugs that sort of...numbed everything.", Bucky sounded not entirely there when he spoke about it, his eyes distant, remembering his own time in that hell hole. "It didn't necessarily make me more obedient. It sort of... focused me and shut down my feelings. I wasn't afraid, I didn't panic anymore and that made me easier to work with. But I also didn't care about anything in general.", his voice hitched for a moment but it was steady again when he continued. "Add a shitload of dissociation and the possibility that he's actually angry at us and I think that's what we saw right there."
"Me? Clingy? Get the fuck outta here, old man. I was just worried that you'd bit the dust.", the boy chuckled but it didn't quite reach his eyes.
"I do mean it, though.", Peter said stubbornly.
"I don't like taking my clothes off in front of people.", he said, trying to find a different excuse.
The scratching had stopped, at least when he was awake, that didn't mean that Peter didn't find other ways to relief stress. Tony noticed it all the time. He pulled at his hair, dug his nails into his palms, grinded his teeth. Peter wasn't quite as explosively destructive as he was only a couple of weeks ago but something else seemed to be happening that Tony couldn't quite define.
"Yes, and she's in SHIELD custody. How quick can you be in LA?", Tony asked, his tone sounded clipped. Wade decided to not comment on how they didn't have a great track record with SHIELD.
"No.", he replied, not surprised by the question.
Steve seemed to notice the defensive edge Tony's voice had taken on because he sounded much gentler when he spoke again. "No but I think that just telling yourself that you screwed up beyond repair is easier than having to keep up hope that he'll come back and that you'll have to work this out."
He quickly placed the boy back on the bed and tucked him in. When he took a few steps back the kid was staring at him again, his eyes looked tired, the little bit of energy he had, had run out. "One more thing. You've been asleep for two days and you haven't eaten anything. Before you fall asleep again, I'd like you to eat something, if you can manage."
"Shut the fuck up!", Wade hissed, he was already stressed enough without his boxes chiming in. To his dismay Peter flinched at his words, going completely still.
"What do you wanna ask me?", Bucky asked, returning to them.
"I never agreed to any of this! Do you think I want to be this way?! No! But nobody ever asks me!". Every word was like a punch to Wade's gut. They tightened the vice on Wade's heart until he wasn't sure if it was still there. It had to be or he wouldn't be alive, even if he felt like dying.
"About an hour boss, they're heading south. I've located them and calibrated a route.", FRIDAY replied and a route marked in red appeared on the screen.
'- tone. He was probably right.  Peter handed the phone back and dropped the cigarette but on the ground before laying back on the car until his back was resting against the windshield.  This way he was staring straight up at the sky, at the thousands of stars shining above them, so many more visible out here where there was no light pollution.
"I'm in here!", he yelled with all his might before Gwen could silence him with another punch. His vision was spotty, everything was turning.
"Where are you taking me?", he asked, his voice barely audible. He didn't sound agitated, though. Or scared. Just resigned. It was worrying.
"Wait... do you mean me?", Wade stammered.
"Oh does it?", he asked with raised eyebrows and a grin.
"I swear I don't mean him any harm.", Natasha said one more time when she was already seated in her car.
"My friend.", Peter explained. He didn't mean to say more, he really didn't. But somehow, he didn't mind talking about Gwen all that much. Maybe because he was talking to Wade and he knew that the other man would understand him. Or maybe talking about her made her feel more real, like a person, not just a fever dream Peter came up with due to soul crushing loneliness.
A paternity test proved his worst fear to be true. Fatherhood. Tony had no concept of a good father, thinking of his own only caused year old resentment and grief to bubble up inside of him. A strange mix, confusing, too.
"Sure, do you need me to come?"
"Don't- don't get this the wrong way but, I killed Tony's parents. I wasn't myself... but still. I killed them. And when Tony found out-", Bucky's voice broke off at the memory of a time when Bucky was what separated Tony and Steve, of a time when Tony couldn't stand to be in the same room as him. "Let's say he didn't take it well.", Bucky admitted.
Numb.
"What if he did the treatment - ", Tony started and Wade already hated the sound of that. "But he'd stay with us, we'd bring him to you every day but take him home again once he's done for the day." It was a compromise, one that Wade didn't like, but it was better than what they had right now.
"Are you mad? That I read it?", Peter then asked and his calm demeanor wavered ever so slightly. It wasn't completely gone but you could see it in his eyes. That he was still afraid.
Otherwise he would've probably ripped Black Widow's head of. He was quite close to it, at least a dozen times. Every time she apologized, to be precise. She was sorry for what she did, of course she was. Wade heard a conversation between her and Iron-Dad. He could've sworn that he heard her cry, or maybe Tony was the one who was crying, or maybe it was Wade himself. That had been happening a lot the last couple of days. Like a broken fucking faucet, he was just leaking all over the place.
"Or what?", the stranger chuckled, waving the weapon around like a toy. It was the only level of threat, physically Peter knew that he could take the other man in a fight.  He just needed to get the gun out of his hands and then the danger would be terminated. Peter decided to disregard the risk and approached the robber but as soon as he took another step the man pulled the trigger.
"All done. You wanna see it?", Wade asked and Peter already got up.
"Are you the supposed Peter Stark?", he asked and to his shock the boy flinched so hard, he leapt into the air slightly. The other one, the masked fella, quickly placed a hand on the boy's back and he relaxed ever so slightly.
"It'd be real neat if he didn't wake up in a lab when he's done sleeping. I don't know if you noticed but the medical setting is a bit of a stress factor.", he then added.
"Wade got it for me after he saved me. I was just in scrubs and he figured I should get some real clothes.", Peter shrugged, not willing to aknowledge how much it really ment to him.
"Can you scan for enhanced individuals?", Tony asked.
Wade swallowed thickly before answering, tears stung his eyes. "She likes to play with my feelings, my pain. Shows me what I want and twists it into something awful. She looks like Vanessa and pretends to love me, she looks like you-", Wade cut himself off but the words were out.
"Yeah."
Wade stayed quiet after that, he almost seemed... upset? Was he disappointed that Peter was such an uninteresting prisoner? That did happen from time to time. Some agents preferred him to be defensive and loud. They enjoyed punishing him for that. And if he didn't act the way they wanted they punished him anyways. They always found a reason.
"Okay... thanks. And could you-", shame coiled around his throat, making it hard to speak:" - could you not look at me." Wade turned away, now facing the wall without hesitation and it was embarrassing how relieved Peter was. "Thanks. ", he mumbled before pulling off his shirt and strictly avoiding looking down at himself.
"A therapist? You want me to talk to a complete stranger?", Peter asked, obvious offense in his voice.
"I'm okay!", Peter yelled, making sure that his family knew that he was still alive, for now.
"Ah...the other fossil.", Peter nodded slowly, his tone dismissive. As Tony watched his son, he wasn't sure if they were doing more damage than helping here. His son seemed to grow more and more tense by the second. Tony could see a muscle twitch in his jaw and Peter constantly clenched and unclenched his fists before finally running his hands through his hair where he slightly pulled at them.
Peter turned silent for a long while, thinking Tony's words over again and again.
in running. I'm too weak."
"You can do this.", Steve nodded. He knew how hard this would be, he had gone through it himself with Bucky, but that's why he was also certain that Tony could do this, that he was strong enough. And if Peter was anything like his father, he'd be fine, too.
Steve had mentioned that Peter was in possession of his file and since he was down at the beach, now would be the only time she had to sneak into his room and search for it.
For a second he was alarmed because he wasn't alone in his bed, but then he recognized Gwen's shape, sitting beside him. She was already awake and watching him with a blank expression.
As awful as the terror he felt was, it was still better than to realize that he had no idea what had happened to him in the last minutes, hours, days. The disoriented state he'd be in once he returned to the present, the uncertainty of what had been done to him, it was terrifying. Or at least he thought so until he found himself in SHIELD's custody. The first few hours were a blur, he hadn't checked out entirely but his perception was corrupted by his panic. He was at home with the others, then there were agents, dressed in black. At first Peter was convinced that it was HYDRA. They had finally found him. He only later realized that it had been SHIELD. Same difference. He was ripped away from his family, had he ever called them his family before? Peter wasn't sure. It was unimportant now anyways. They weren't here. They gave him up.
Wade sat up straight at that. The idea that Peter didn't deserve Wade was outrageous to him. Wade still couldn't comprehend why Peter would choose him so the idea of not being with Peter was laughable.
"I know, trust me, I know. Take your time. ", he nodded. They took their time and only returned once Gwen was feeling ready.
"I'll tell her. Once she's better, once she agrees to see me again,  I'll tell her. ", he finally said and Tony was relieved to see determination in Peter's expression.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, don't forget to leave a review!
It haunted Bucky, one more imagine for his book of nightmares.
"And Peter?", Tony asked, getting his attention back. "I know you don't like me saying it, but I love you. You're not a catastrophe or a burden, and you are my son and you're definitely a person."
“But that’s all part of life, of growing older,” Steve continued, cutting Tony’s words in their tracks. “It’s not your fault, Tony. It’s not anyone’s fault. Well, maybe mine for taking the serum in the first place. Or HYDRA, that would be an easy place to lay blame.” Steve looked right at Tony then, and Tony felt paralyzed by the man’s gaze. “If it weren’t for all that, the pain and fear and heartbreak, I wouldn’t be here right now with you. Which isn’t all that bad, if you ask me.”
Steve lips lifted in a gentle smile. Tony couldn’t stop his own from mirroring the gesture. They’d come a long way since insulting one another and lacking a core foundation of trust. In themselves, in the team, in each other.
"No, Sir. I believe he was simply asking if you did."
Thor shrugged. “A multitude, though with your enhancements it would be hard to say which to expect.”
Steve smiled softly at that. "Don't I ever. Long meeting?"
"Okay," Tony replied bemusedly. "That's nothing new for any of us. Why didn't you just have Jarvis initiate your secondary sleep aid?"
“No. He’s a wolf.”
Tony tells the same story he’s told the past two weeks over eight different interviews. Steve could repeat the speech word for word at this point, though he’d only watched the first two interviews before Tony told him it was a waste of time and not to bother. But for some reason Tony texted the link for this one twenty minutes ago, asking Steve to watch. Steve did so without question, figuring since it was the last interview maybe something different would occur. Plus, there was no way he’d say no to seeing Tony’s face after two weeks of separation. Even with the wonders of modern technology, the video chats and constant texts and nightly phone calls, Steve missed his fella with his whole heart.
"Captain, please refrain from doing anything even more stupid." That was Nick Fury's voice. Had Steve saying the man's name summoned him? "In any other situation, I wouldn't think that to be possible," Fury continued, "but apparently your idiocy knows no bounds."
"Cap, I need to get up."
Tony answered as he shook the proffered hand held out before him, "Not for a while now."
“Can’t say that I have.”
, and Steve marvels over the effect Tony could have on him from thousands of miles away. Those brown eyes filled with love, with want, with longing, all in the blink of an eye, before Tony turns back to the interviewer and smiles, back to professional and personable.
“That may be a troubling sign,” Thor murmured thoughtfully. “But do not fret!” he added, upon seeing the worry Tony was sure shown plainly on his features. “Do you have the vial within your possession still?”
“Stark, do no fret. I shall be back in a week, perhaps a month at most. The sooner I leave, the sooner our friend may be returned to us in good health once more.” Thor placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder to grab his attention. Tony stopped pacing and turned to face him, amused when the wolf stubbornly placed itself between the two men. “All you must do is treat Steven as you would any other canine creature. Feed him meat, exercise with him, keep him comfortable. Stay by his side always, remind him he is cared for.” Thor stooped down and looked into the wolf’s eyes. Whatever he found there must have answered any fears he may have had. “Fury needs not know of this, and our brethren heroes will find out soon enough.”
An eternity later -- though Steve was sure it was merely a blink of an eye -- the man blinked and groaned. The pained noise broke Steve from his trance and he rushed to the man’s side, an apology spilling from his lips before he’d even kneeled on the ground to reach out to help the man into a sitting position. He looked over his shoulder to tell Bucky to grab some ice, but he was already gone. Assumedly to let Sam know what had happened, Steve hoped.
All in the blink of an eye, three men in dark tuxedo suits surrounded them. All three had their weapons up and pointed at Steve.
“Of course, sir. I feel it pertinent to inform you the rest of the team has already assembled and are awaiting your arrival.”
Steve smiles, feels his cheeks flush under Tony’s gaze. The man’s looking straight at the camera now, straight at
Tony briefly considered getting up to relieve his bladder (drinking coffee on a regular basis did things to a person), but one glimpse at Steve's angelic features had the genius closing his eyes and relaxing once more. A person would have to be a monster to wake Steve up when he looked like that. All soft and at peace, like Tony had only ever seen him once in the entirety of their acquaintance.
“What about?”
"I may not know who you are, but I
While Jarvis took care of that task, Tony wondered how he could get a newly transformed, testy, territorial wolf to move locations with the least amount of resistance. Were treats too condescending?
Tony shook his head and refocused himself on the task of finding some safe cover for them. He could only drag Steve around for so long before his own body would give out. Three hours worth of near death experiences would do that to a person.
Nat: You two make me want to vomit.
AIM had upped their game since the last time the Avengers had ran into them. They still used the terrible costumes and the predictable lair layout, but the weapons upgrade had taken Tony (and Steve) by surprise. Where had they gotten all this new tech??
"I understand, sir."
"No worries, Thunder buddy. I'll take care of it." Tony reached up to pat the god on the back, fighting a smile as those massive shoulders finally released the tension he'd noticed from the second Thor had seen him. "Just ask for help next time, alright? Jarvis is always around."
If this was what he had to look forward to, it was going to be a long couple of weeks.
"Here to be my date for the ball, Cap?"
"More ready than I've been all week," Steve replied. "Speaking of weeks, can you invent something that can give me a week's worth of rest in one night? Because that would be very appreciated right now."
Steve zoned out as Tony began his usual spiel with the reporter. He tuned in abruptly when the conversation took an odd turn.
Thor's expression turned sheepish, a look Tony would never get used to seeing. "I give my sincerest apologies. I seem to have set the cooking appliance aflame."
When Steve finally took the last bite of fried rice, Tony held out his hand for the now empty carton. Steve thanked him as it exchanged hands. After placing the cardboard box on his bedside dresser for Dum-E to dispose of later, Tony handed Steve the vial.
Tony watched without saying a word, which worried Steve more than if he'd been yelling or rambling or complaining. Silence with Tony now was unfamiliar territory, though it had become more frequent recently.
"Aside from being late to the meeting, it all ran smoothly. Remind me to send TJ a gift basket," Tony added for Jarvis' benefit. "What do kids like nowadays? Video games? Passes to the water park?"
Steve handed over the thermos of coffee he'd been hiding behind his back since he and the kids had left the kitchen, bowing low with a flourish. "My liege, your beverage."
Steve: Close your eyes Sam. It’ll be over soon and then Clint will go back to talking about whatever gourmet hot dog he eats next.
He stepped fully into the room, keeping his steps extra quiet to avoid startling the baby. Up close he learned that Peter had brown eyes like his father, and the same upward tilt to their mouth when they smiled. "They're cute as a button," Steve said after a moment.
The wolf,
In the bathroom, headband keeping his hair from his face, Tony stood swaying before the mirror as he dipped his fingers into some honey yellow substance. Steve knew from experience that it was some type of face cream, not that he understood why Tony felt the need to use five different ones.
"I wouldn't ask this of you if it wasn't necessary," Steve assured. He said some other things meant to be placating, but Tony wasn't really listening.
Tony stood stock still, the wolf softly growling at his sudden change in demeanor. “What error?”
The other man turned, one hand shooting out to grab the woman's wrist as if Steve's appearance would give her an opportunity to escape. The woman nodded politely as Steve, giving no indication anything was amiss. Her reaction did nothing to calm the roiling concern in his gut.
"Thank you, ma'am."
Steve sat heavily, his body leaned forward. Obviously eager to hear the news, Tony told himself. Nothing at all to do with anything else.
“Where is the potion?”
"An intern. Got me out of a tough spot. Old Greg wanted to do lunch, can you believe that? Pfft. As if." Tony noticed a flash of annoyance wash over Steve's face. Bless him, that man's empathy stretched for miles in every direction. "Told him I had better plans." He paused to take another bite of pasta. "So much better."
But the life of Tony Stark waited for no man. Not even Tony Stark himself. Lame.
Steve could hear the gears of Tony's brain whirring as the words hung in the air between them. Steve's own thoughts were a whirlwind, but, in the heart of them all, he could recognize the truth in those words. Not what he'd expected of the evening, but that didn't make the feelings any less real.
floor of Stark Tower, or Avengers Tower depending who you asked, which meant Tony would share a cramped space with Steve for a full ten floors. Jaunty elevator music could only do so much when the occupants were both eerily silent. Well, any level of silence felt eerie for Tony, if he were being honest. It reminded him too much of being in that cave in Afghanistan waiting for his captors to return with some new form of torture they found either particularly fun or inventive.
"I can't sleep," he admitted, his face a perfect shade of tomato red.
"Comrades, I will disembark posthaste to my world in search of a cure to the magical malady affecting our dear Captain. I shall not return without a solution."
Following two hours of dead ends, unidentifiable extraterrestrial – and sometimes even extra-universal (a word Tony had coined for this special occasion) – herbs, and a particularly graphic video that required metaphorical eye bleach afterwards since Jarvis was a spoilsport who wouldn’t allow actual bleach, Tony exhaled heavily, defeated. There was nothing to be done. Steve would have to take Thor’s magic juice and hope for the best.
“So, looks like we’re going in blind. I don’t like it, but I like a potential lifetime of you being tortured this way even less. No one should be forced to depend on me for love or affection.
Steve held in a chuckle as the five year old whispered the way all children seem to do: regular volume. "Well," he said softly, "you know it's your daddy's birthday today, right?" He smiled as Morgan nodded eagerly in response. "And remember last week when you and Petey both decided your daddy works too hard and deserves a long day of rest?"
Tony took the elevator down to his workshop intending on getting a bit of work done before sleep came to claim him, but by the time he reached the designated floor he didn't feel up to puttering around with microscopic pieces of metal. Jarvis happily rerouted him to his bedroom instead. Something about working a little less and enjoying some relaxation a little more. Whatever. All play and no work, that was Jarvis. Tony, unfortunately, didn't have that kind of luxury. He had most everything else, but an abundance of free time was not among them.
"I'll make you a plate," Steve offered. "Take a load off and let me pay off some of that life debt."
Steve shrugged helplessly. "I don't know exactly. Maybe it's part of the spell? I just have this insatiable need to be near you all the time. My skin itches when we're too far apart, the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end when someone else gets too close to you." Steve laughed humorlessly. "This is so fucking ridiculous."
Two enthusiastic nods were given.
Gregory apparently had either no sense of personal space or no shame because he held on for a full minute before releasing his grasp. Tony wiped said hand against his trousers to rid himself of hand sweat.
Steve stepped closer, the distance between them reduced to mere inches. “Seriously, thank you.”
Without a word, Tony stretched out one hand until his fingers brushed Steve's. Steve flexed his fingers in response, curling them over Tony's with that same soft, disbelieving smile from earlier.
, had Steve balling his hands into fists at his sides. He'd dealt with his fair share of corruption, of apathetic men with crude "jokes" and crass actions. A part of him had hoped the world in this century would be better. And in many ways it was. But people like this man, dismissive and entitled and practically begging to be knocked down a peg or four, annoyed him even on his better days. Today did not bode well.
Steve approached his husband, sheepish but firm as he pressed a kiss onto the corner of Tony's mouth still laden with toothpaste. "I'm sorry. Mayor de Blasio felt like being especially wordy tonight."
Steve tensed at the reminder. They'd reached an impasse. There has been nothing left to say. Tony had said as much the other night, the two of them retiring to their separate rooms with lingering words of anger they meant but didn't mean.
“Of course you can, Steve,” Tony’s voice turning soft but sure. He put on a confidence he didn’t really feel – magic always left a bad taste in his mouth – and focused on making Steve as comfortable as possible with what could happen once everything got set into motion.
Steve resisted the urge to go to Tony, grab him and hold him in his arms, never let him go. Shock was finally leaving his system, brown eyes clearer and skin getting its natural color back. Steve looked at the man he loved for a long moment, nodded, then turned back around and knocked the door down with a well placed kick.
Tony squinted up at Steve before removing a hand from his verifiable blanket cocoon (when had that happened?) to grasp Steve's forearm. After a few insistent tugs, Steve gave in and leaned forward as if Tony's sleepy grip had any sort of real strength behind it. "Thanks," he said again. Somehow the gesture felt insanely intimate.
Steve relaxed his features, suddenly remembering the multitude of cameras pointed in their direction. "Right. Sorry."
Tony took a chance and reached for the shield, but the wolf didn’t budge.
"Indeed."
"Of course you wouldn't," Tony said through a yawn. "You're Captain America."
Tony threw on a pair of less hole-ridden sweats and an old MIT sweatshirt he’d stolen before making his way out to the elevator. If Thor had found the antidote, that would be it. Steve wouldn’t need him anymore. They’d probably act like the entire ordeal never happened.
"Pretty sure the suit can handle a little fire, Spangles. It's not a big deal."
"Children," the man scoffed. "You two are made for each other."
Steve felt the flush moving over his cheeks and hoped it wasn't too obvious. All these years and he still gets blush-y over blatant come ons. "It's this locker right here," he said instead.
Steve shook his head, slowly enough to give Tony a rush of worry. "I don't know. Could be an hour, could be three." He looked down at Tony then, and Tony commiserated with the fatigue he saw in those blue eyes. "Get some sleep if you want. I won't let anything happen to you."
Obviously a lot has changed in canon since I first started this story, literal years ago now. But since this is a crack fic au, we’re not going to acknowledge any of that! Whoo! To clarify: this is all some feel-good, self-indulgence that has virtually no real plot whatsoever. Enjoy! <3
"Tony, no! What are you doing?!"
Hello again! Thank you so much for all the comments, kudos, and support on the last chapter! I’m not happy about the circumstances that led to me having time for updating, but I’m also not mad about having the motivation and the ”mojo” back on my side for now. While going through my notebook, I found out there were alternate versions of the last chapter, so maybe those will become reality at some point after this story is finished. Right now, it looks like there will be two more chapters after this (next chapter and a little epilogue section) but there might be three. We’ll see how I’m feeling.
"You don't have to do that," Tony objected. Seeing Steve being chivalrous apparently did things to his brain. Like reveal his thoughts aloud to the object of his thoughts.
Tony closed his eyes and sighed. “Yeah, J. Go ahead.”
“Ha, a potion! Called it.”
Tony settled down under the covers, Steve’s body heat palpable from the other side of the mattress. How the man enjoyed sleeping with blankets, Tony would never comprehend.
Jarvis, bless him, knew a distraction was needed. The song "Never Gonna Give You Up" filtered into the room suddenly. Tony couldn't help but laugh.
"We need to get you checked." Steve doubted they'd get any sympathy from anyone now that he'd upset someone who was obviously special somehow, so asking for a medic was out of the question. He thought back to the multiple hallways they had walked through to reach this specific ballroom and remembered they were only a few hundred yards from a maintenance closet. Surely there'd be a first aid kit in there among all the cleaning supplies. "I know a place."
"Not the point, Rogers. What happened to not sacrificing ourselves?"
They made their way to the other side of town, hoping they’d be able to find a parking space outside of the townhouse their friend Sam shared with one of his coworkers in a local gated community. Luckily for them, there was one lone space remaining upon their arrival, right beside a dark red Range Rover decked with gold accents.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?”
"Focus, Tony."
Steve gave the all clear and Tony resumed helping the other man along, pushing one of Steve's arms across his shoulders to help lessen the burden of his weight. Steve gave him the side eye, as if Tony would crumble and submit to a stare he'd more than gotten used to by now, then sighed and carried on without a word.
The sight of Steve standing in the filtered sunlight of the floor to ceiling window beside Tony's office door stopped the engineer in his tracks. He held a paper bag in one hand, the other pressed lightly against the tinted glass as he looked out over the busy Manhattan streets. From this vantage point he could only see half of Steve's face, but that didn't keep Tony from staring. The blue of his eye reflected the light in a way that reminded Tony of the ocean.
