Cas cried out Dean’s name, hooking Dean’s jaw with his fingers still in Dean’s mouth and yanking him around for a sloppy kiss.  Dean used his sore ass muscles to milk the rest of Cas’s orgasm from him, Cas moaning weakly into his mouth.
But if he had knocked, he would have missed seeing Cas fucking something he couldn’t see at first underneath him.  Then Cas moved, sitting up to fuck a fleshlight between two pillows, crying out Dean’s name as he came.
He closed his eyes, listening to Cas’s steps retreating downstairs, out the door, and the BMW revving its engine.  There was a squeal of tires and then quiet.
The walk down the hall reminded him exactly how large the plug felt.  It was comfortably situated inside him, pressing and rubbing his prostate with every step. His cock took notice, so he had to adjust himself, and button his flannel to cover the bulge.  It worked well- this wasn’t the first time he’d had an inappropriate boner.
“Uh...what?  Nothing, I mean, go back to sleep.”  He was mortified at being caught.  He’d definitely never tried to jerk off in the bed next to
Cas sat up and threw back the covers on the empty side of the bed and looked back at Dean expectantly.  Dean dropped his bag and turned off the bathroom light.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you,” Cas whispered.  He moved further down, Dean glad he was going to get sucked off.  He really needed to come.  But instead, Cas parted his legs, bending his knees to his chest, exposing his hole.  Dean spread his legs further, excited about Cas touching him there.
Cindy snorted and handed the phone back.  “Uh, the B in LGBTQ stands for Bisexual, yet somehow people always forget that it’s a thing.  Maybe you should tell him how you feel.”
, a rare first edition, most likely found by Uncle Bobby- he loved to collect old books.  This one was in excellent condition for its age, and he couldn’t wait to re-read it.
It only took seconds for Cas to come after him, but those seconds were long enough for Dean to realize he was speaking the truth, and as he felt Cas start to orgasm, he grabbed Cas’s come-covered fingers and sucked them into his mouth, licking his own semen off them, nearly deep-throating Cas’s fingers.  It was weird, but he wanted as much of Cas inside him as he could get.
“Good, Dean.  You look so fucking good on my truck, fucking yourself.  The gear shift knob, that was something, very creative.  The trailer hitch was the icing on the cake, really.”
Cas plucked at the bedspread.  “No...I haven’t.  I...like to imagine them on someone else.  Kind of a fantasy enhancer.  I am quite fond of a product call the Fleshlght, though, it’s a silicone tube that you sick-”
Cas could feel Dean tighten around him, already nearing orgasm, roughly calling out Cas’s name over and over, like a prayer, until he came with a shout, spurting between their bellies, his hole squeezing and releasing Cas until it dragged him over the edge.  He pushed in one final time and filled Dean, come pumping hotly into him, marking him, claiming him.
“Cas, I’m gonna need you to wake up a little and get in the shower, okay man?  You should really wash off that cut on your hand.”
“I know, Dean, just a few more hours.”  Cas wasn’t sure Dean was even aware of his surroundings at that point, but he asked anyway.  “What would you like me to do now?”
Dean laughed delightedly, leaving the room quietly, closing the door behind him.  He was quick in the bathroom, brushing his teeth first so his dick got a chance to settle down so he could actually pee.  He smelled his armpits, and shrugged.  He hopped into the shower and quickly scrubbed, nothing fancy, and toweled off.  He made a stop at Cas’s room to steal some bottles of water from the mini fridge.
“Hate to interrupt you guys, but, Steve?”  She looked chagrined.  “Customer got ff in the john again.”
“Chill, man, it’s cool, I’m sure you can get it dry cleaned.”  Dean said nonchalantly, looking around for his shirt and shrugging into it.
Cas was already starting to harden again.  Dean was jelly in his arms as he laid him back on his bed.  He was smiling blissfully and looking up at Cas with something like awe and longing.  Cas folded his wings back and removed his coat and tie as Dean watched, stripping quickly down and standing naked before Dean, waiting to see what happened next.  Would Dean ask him to lie down too?  Or would he just see this as a one night stand?  But Dean was already sitting up and reaching out to him, pulling him down on top of him, kissing him desperately, and wrapping his legs around Cas tightly.
“Oh, and, Cas?  Leave the eyeliner on.”  Dean loved the way Cas shuddered and grabbed the doorframe, as if the request made his knees weak.
This was fine, right?  Cas was like a brother, and Dean had shared motel beds in the past with Sam, until he got too big and would flop around, kicking Dean onto the floor.  No big deal, right?
“Come on little bro, would I ever lie to you?”  Gabriel had his best shit-eating grin plastered across his face.
Dean shook a finger at Cas.  “Nope, go brush your teeth and pee.  I’m just going to lie here and think dirty thoughts while you’re gone.”
Cas felt the swirling heat in his body tighten in his chest and spread down to his groin as he neared the edge, losing focus and moaning brokenly.  Impulsively, he grabbed Dean by the neck and pulled his head down so their mouths met in a clash of teeth and tongues, sucking, desperate kisses as Cas hurtled over the edge with Dean clenching his cock tightly with his hole, and spilling a second time over his fist.  Cas filled the condom inside Dean, wishing he didn’t have to wear it, that Dean would be marked as his, walking around with Cas’s come sliding out of his ass as he went and ‘entertained’ other men.  The idea made Cas shudder in another pulse of come, leaving him boneless and panting hotly into Dean’s slack mouth.
Dean moaned and got up on all fours, tilting his hips back like he did that day when Cas had to work that witch’s potion from his body.  It made Cas shiver.
Dean held his breath as he watched Cas slip out of the bathroom and out the door again.  He was pretty sure Cas hadn’t noticed he was there, and it was a good thing.  He was completely naked except for a pair of black panties, paused in the act of jerking off.
They returned to the library, Dean trailing the group, still avoiding Cas’s eyes.  Rowena pointed to a couch and motioned for Dean to lie down.  He stared at her.
Cas bit his lip and scrambled out of Dean’s bed.  He grabbed the offered water, looking at Dean’s pebbled nipples and growling.
Dean stood up.  There was no way he’d get a nap now.  Might as well get a shower and make plans for New Year’s.  He hoped that 2018 wouldn’t suck as much as the last day of 2017.
Cas’s mouth was hanging open, and he was propped up again, watching Dean openly.  His chest was heaving with sharpened breaths, and he was obviously turned on.  Dean glanced down to see that Cas had pulled the covers off himself and was holding his large thick cock tightly as it throbbed.
Dean thought about how hard it might be to drive with the plug teasing him every time he shifted in his seat.  It was way too tempting to ride in Cas’s truck, bouncing along, driving the plug into his prostate.  And Cas not knowing that he still had it in.
Dean pulled Cas forward until he could reach his mouth again, slowly kissing him to distract from the pain.  He wrapped his legs around Cas and pulled him further in with his heels, feeling like he would split in half.  He arched his back when Cas slid by his prostate, the crown of his cock catching on it and moving deeper.
That snapped something in Cas, and he flipped Dean to his back again, holding him down, his wings spreading out in the space of the hideaway room.  “I want you, Dean, and I don’t want anything else.”  He began to work the plug out- moaning when he saw it was the biggest plug of the set.  Perfect.
Cas huffed.  “Naomi was in rare form.  She read me the riot act, degraded my choice of major, and then lectured me about what a CEO should be like.  I got out of there as quick as I could before I could develop a serious drinking problem.  Drove back.”
He glanced back just in time to see Charlie reach over and shut Dean’s mouth for him and push him toward the bar.  Amusing.  He was feeling buzzed and a bit full of himself.  Tonight could be fun, after all.
“For example,” he continued, “I usually sleep in the shop, after stocking shelves at night, and have read every detail of every device in the store.  I know how everything is used, how it all works, and have even purchased a few items of my own.”
“That good?”  Dean asked hopefully.  Cas had definitely had more experience than Dean, so he hoped his was at least half as satisfied as Dean felt.  For Dean, it was no contest.  That was the best sex he’d ever had.
“Oh, fuck, Cas,” Dean moaned, “oh yeah, fuck…”  He whimpered when Cas thrust his tongue in sharply, feeling the tight clench of Dean’s hole grip him.  He growled thinking about how the clench would feel around his cock, tight and perfect.
Dean leaned against the counter, pressing at the largest plug that he’d been secretly walking around with all morning.  For some reason, it wasn’t working, wasn’t scratching the itch, wasn’t
Cas chuckled.  “You will always and forever have me after this, Dean.  I will never make you wait, I swear.”
Cas pulled Dean up to kiss him, rolling them until Dean was on the bottom.  Cas then spun around until he was straddling Dean’s face.
“Is it even possible that my cock, which is larger than anything we’ve ever penetrated you with, can fit so neatly inside you?” Cas groaned as he slowed the roll of his hips to give Dean a break.  “There is nothing impossible here, Dean.  You will be existing with me on a different plane from now on.  All you have to do is come two more times.”
Then Cas sank deeper.  There was Dean’s soul, so perfect in its imperfections, shining and beautiful, the tiny parts of Cas winking back at him.  He saw there, finally, what he had always seen but somehow didn’t understand.
“Well, are you going to be doing the dragging, or should I?”  Cas was now only inches away.  Dean’s heart was thundering.
Dean had come down from his post-orgasmic bliss and panicked- but when he went to erase it, he saw it already had about a thousand hits!  In a matter of minutes!
Cas looked between them at Dean’s dripping cock and slowly reached over and pulled the panties down and hooked them around Dean’s balls.  Dean sighed in approval, hissing in Cas’s ear when his warm hand wrapped around the burning hot flesh, so hard and like his own, Cas stroked upward, gathering all the dripping precome and slowly jerked off Dean, matching his rhythm to his fingers fucking in and out of Dean’s hole.
He relaxed and the plug slid in easier, and he pulled it out and teased himself a little, pushing it in a little further. Finally, he got the courage to push it in, almost with an audible pop, and he was shaking and sweating when he was done.  He turned and sat on it, rocking against the pain of the stretch, which was so delicious.  Cas’s cock was so huge, bigger than he’d ever seen, really.
Cas stood by the bar, looking around the club as the bass pulsed on the very crowded dance floor.  He certainly was getting a lot of stares.  He wondered if this was the wisest move, letting Ms. Diamond LaRue surface and drag him into the makeup room.  Sure it was just a little eyeliner, but the reactions from the drag queens coming into work while he was back there raved about how sexy he looked.  They said his eyes were ‘stunning’ and ‘to die for’ and ‘panty soakers’, but the only panties he could think about were the ones Dean was wearing in his mind, prancing around his room, teasing Cas.
Dean yanked Cas down and devoured his mouth, crying out when their erections slid along each other for a moment.  The pain of the plug subsided, and Dean began to crave the next size up.
“Dean’s fine,” Cas answered quickly, “he was taking a nap before we came, I’m sure he’s still tired.”  Then he went ahead and ordered a patty melt for Dean and an ice cream for himself.
He hadn’t heard much from Cas that week between Christmas and New Year’s, but that was always a nothing week- time to visit family, do some sales shopping, play with new toys.
“Oh bless his lil’ ole pea pickin’ heart!” Diamond said in her best Southern Belle accent, “sorry baby, I know you have it bad for Ms. Larue, but I can’t do my angel like that- he fell for you first.”
Cas could feel the whiskey creeping into his peripheral.  It was a warm feeling, light, buzzy.  He headed out into the mob, swaying and stepping in time to the beat.  He found a good spot and just let go.
A delivery man in a blue uniform sat a box down on the end of the counter and passed over a clipboard.
Cas pulled out, changing positions again, this time on their sides, Cas behind Dean again, holding up one of his legs to get deeper.  Dean’s eyes rolled back as Cas let go of his leg and grabbed his cock, smearing the precome all around, pumping his fist quickly, nailing his prostate on every stroke.  Dean felt taken, owned, claimed, and he went rigid as his pleasure overtook him again and he came, crying out Cas’s name over and over, cursing at the intensity, then going limp as Cas pounded harder into him, chasing his own pleasure.  Dean whispered encouragement, throwing in a few dirty phrases to bring Cas to the edge.
Cas nodded and dipped in for a few more kisses and knelt between Dean’s thighs.  Dean felt his hole throb and clench around nothing, waiting impatiently for Cas to enter him.
Cas smiled at her.  “Was he handsome with devastating green eyes and sandy brown hair, looking like he needs a good spanking?”  Wow, he was already pretty sloshed.
Cas pulled out his phone and opened his photos, handing it over to Cindy.  “Just scroll through, they are mostly of Dean.”
He pulled out of Dean just in time, spilling on Dean’s belly and using his come to jerk Dean off.  Dean came hard, crying out Cas’s name over and over, until going limp.
“And about damn time too!”  Ellen exclaimed.  “If you could have heard how he mooned over that woman when she married your dad- I swear.  I never measured up, but I hardly cared.  We got to have Jo, then I met the love of my life.”  She nodded over at Pam who was leaning over the bar, reading a man’s palm and laughing with him.  Pam was awesome.  She seemed to feel eyes on her and looked up, giving Ellen a wink.  Ellen rolled her eyes and blushed.  “That woman will be the death of me.”
“I don’t think he’s really interested in me.  He’s having fun or whatever, and maybe I should be doing that too.”
As they sped down the road, Cas wound his fingers together with Dean’s, excited to be included in a normal happy family. Sure it had happened fast- but their friends said it was meant to be, and it seemed everyone had considered them inevitable since the fateful kiss at that party.  Even the frat brothers were in agreement that it was ‘chick-flick magical’ when they kissed.
“I wish you hadn’t healed your handprint that time,” Dean mumbled, smiling lazily up at Cas.  “I used to look in the mirror for it, but it was gone.  I knew you still left your mark on me, I can always feel it, but I kinda liked the idea that you had claimed me for everyone to see.”
The idea of it caused a roll of pleasure to run over Dean.  He moaned and rocked faster, looking at the chair pretending Cas was sitting there in his stupid suit and coat that Dean loved so much, staring Dean down with dark eyes, mouth open and lips wet and panting as Dean pleasured himself on the plug.  Fuck, it felt so good.
Cas fell forward, boxing Dean in as he rubbed his still spurting cock against Dean’s.  Dean moaned and pulled Cas flush against him in the mess, not caring about it, but suddenly needing Cas’s mouth against his own, and Cas smiled against his lips, dipping into his mouth with a confident tongue.  Dean melted further into the mattress, wrapping his wobbling legs around Cas and holding him there, wondering what it would be like to have Cas push his cock deep inside of him, pounding into him, fucking him until he was jelly.
He looked pretty good right then, cock all hard and poking out of the waistband of the black panties he’d shoplifted from Walmart.  His hair was a little messy, and he was holding an anal plug that his best friend just surprised him with and told him to ‘enjoy.’
Cas suddenly grinned.  “I got you!” he said, pretty pleased with himself.  He slapped Dean’s arm, maybe a bit too hard, and walked by him out the door to the library.
Dean’s eyes bored into his, his mouth slowly hanging open when he took in what Cas was wearing.  Cas smirked a little and spun, showing his back (and hopefully his backside) to Dean and continued to dance.  If the man wanted to talk, Cas would wait for him to make the first move.
Cas laughed, kissing Dean again, deepening it, but keeping it slow, deliberately drawing it out until they got hard again.  Cas pulled away the blanket and looked down at Dean
“Mmmgh, god yes,”  Dean moaned in his pillow, slipping a few of his fingers in his puffy hole and pumping in and out.
Cas’s eyes landed on Dean, his cheeks coloring slightly.  He looked around the room quickly, recognition lighting his eyes.
Dean smirked. “You hit the mark.  You look…”  Dean’s eyes roved over Cas’s form.  He tried not to purr and arch like a cat.  It was a near miss.
Cas pulled Dean up and brought him over to the bed, facing him away from the laptop and yanking down the back of his still-buckled pants.  Dean moaned when cool air hit his pink panty-clad ass, and he yelped when Cas’s hand landed a loud smack on the skin.  Dean moaned as the thong was pushed to the side so the camera could see where it disappeared inside him.  Cas showed the remote to the camera, the ping of comments filling the air from the live feed.  Dean looked over his shoulder, just noticing how Cas was already naked, his hard cock bouncing as he positioned himself to Dean’s side, remote in hand, rising to his knees and brushing his erection over Dean’s reddened ass cheek.
“You sure you’ll be okay, Dean?”  Cas had his head tilted in that way that used to make Dean think he was confused.  He knew now that it was Cas reading the situation and sensing bullshit.
“Of course I didn’t! Gabe said, ‘give him whatever he wants, don’t spare the extras’, and he gave me a bunch of money.  I was down to fuck, if it was what you wanted, ‘cause I saw your pic on Insta, and Gabe swore you had a huge cock?  How was I supposed to say no to that?  I had no fucking clue you were getting married!”
“You know what I mean, man.”  Dean pulled into the Love Shack’s parking lot and killed the engine.  “I just...I’m worried.”
Dean blushed, wondering if the image he’d just been fantasizing about had sneaked into Cas’s mind.  He looked at his mate, who’d finally turned his beautiful blue eyes his way, only mere inches from his own, the way they were plastered to each other on the couch.
Cas stared into the light of Dean’s soul deeply, sensing the presence of his own grace, as usual, filling the small tears and holes left from Dean’s experience in Hell, but no Michael.  “Or maybe being angelic for as long as you have has just allowed you to see more on an astral plane.”
Dean stood for a few minutes in the kitchen, gathering his thoughts and chewing his lip. When his pulse slowed to normal he walked back to his room.
Dean rolled the large sized condom over the snowglobe, testing the plastic to see if it was too thin.  It was pretty thick, and he lubed it up really well and laid back, trying to relax.  He could fit it up there, he knew he could, it was just a matter of angles.
Dean nodded, seeing only stars before his eyes as the intense orgasm continued, wave after wave rippling his asshole around Cas’s thrusting fingers.  Cas sped his hand up, twisting and pressing into Dean’s prostate, harder and harder, until he suddenly let go of Dean’s cock, where it shot out an enormous load onto Dean’s stomach and rocketed him upward. He shouted out as the room went white and his ears rang with silence for what seemed like several minutes before Cas slid his fingers out, stroking Dean through the last spurts until he cringed in sensitivity.
“I said that would be acceptable,” Cas said calmly, his laser blue eyes never leaving Dean’s as he sipped his coffee.
He didn’t need porn tonight, that was for sure.  Dean had just orgasmed while holding Cas, so he’d have that image to masturbate to for awhile.  He also used the experience at the motel, combining the fantasy into one where Dean got on his knees and sucked Cas off, then Cas plundered Dean's ass against the tacky room divider.
“I, uh, may be injured.  I’m not really sure.”  Cas bit his lip.  Dean’s voice so close to him was making his situation much worse.
“Fuck, oh my god!” Dean cried, riding faster, clenching as Cas could feel his cock swell in his hand as Dean fucked up into the tight tunel of his fist and back down on Cas’s painfully hard dick.  He wasn’t going to last longer.
Cas angrily threw the car into fifth gear.  It leapt forward and sped past the other cars on the interstate.  This was so fucked up!  How did it get so out of hand?  How could he have let himself care so much about one person?  And why did he keep saying and doing things to keep that one person at arm’s length?  He kicked himself for telling Dean he’d gotten laid when it was only a half-truth.  Not that it mattered to Den.  That guy could go fuck himself. Or fuck the football team, for all he cared.  Images of Dean getting fucked while wearing shoulder pads and cleats, a jockstrap pulled aside so he could stroke himself while being pounded from behind flooded Cas’s brain.  The linebacker was super hot, beefy, Cas would fuck him any day-  shit.  The images changed until it was Cas fucking Dean in a locker room, balls deep in his ass, making him scream.
Dean realized he’d been externalizing his internal monologue.  Well, fuck it, they were all friends.
It wasn’t long before he had made several videos of himself fucking various items; a large carrot, the long tapered handle of the swiffer duster, a broom handle.  He threw out every item he’d put in his ass, unable to stand the thought of his brother touching anything that had been up his butt.  He had to take a special trip to Walmart to replace his brush, the broom and duster, and later a phillips head screwdriver, spatula, and small bottle of olive oil.  His habit was getting expensive.  Especially when he added the element of lace to the videos.
He had been standing there, in the kitchen, trying to remember what Cas smelled like, and was hit with the sudden need to be in Cas’s room, surrounded by his things, like that was the only thing that would make him feel better.
Dean rolled over, the sun harsh in his eyes.  He reached out a hand and caught the edge of the curtain and yanked it, closing the gap.  He groaned.  Movement was not a good thing.
“-nap…”  Dean finished.  “No, yeah, a nap.  Then a shower.  Yeah.”  His face was burning, and his hands were sweating.
“I think I will indulge in a shower,” He said briskly and went into the bathroom.  Dean hadn’t responded, so Cas assumed he would sleep again.
Dean slowly pulled off, licking the tip a couple of times before looking up into Cas’s stunned  eyes.  They were dark with lust.
“Sucked that bad, huh?”  Dean shifted so he could look into Cas’s eyes.  They were very close, and he fought the urge to lean in and press their lips together.  He struggled to keep his eyes from straying to Cas’s mouth.
Dean laughed and kissed the top of Cas’s head.  He’d never been so intimate with someone, to just be close like that, not feeling self-conscience. He swung his legs out of bed, grateful he had stopped drinking after midnight and switched to bottled water.  His mouth tasted funky, but he felt pretty good.
Cas snorted and pulled at Dean’s blankets until they were both under them.  He spooned around Dean’s back and lightly ran his fingers over Dean’s skin, still in shock that he could touch him so much.  Dean wiggled when Cas’s touch tickled him, and he burrowed back, Cas cock nestling in Dean’s crevice.  Cas wondered how long Dean needed before they could have sex again.
at him, and the guy backed away.  Then Cas brought Dean the coffee and didn’t make any for himself, and still left the room. It was so weird.
Dean furrowed his brow.  Was this a guy Cas had just fucked?  Was he lying in bed with this Balthazar guy?
Dean snorted.  “I won’t tell anyone, your friends left pretty quickly after I came in, so only you and I know, okay?  If you want to get married, you should.”
Dean moaned at the drag of Cas’s cock inside him.  The uncomfortable stretch hurt so good, and the stretch feeling was replaced by pleasure and fullness and he swore he could feel every vein and wrinkle in cas’s cock as he pushed into him.  Dean wiggled and pushed until Cas had him back up on all fours, grabbing his hips and thrusting hard.
“What’s got your proverbial panties in a twist, my fine feathered friend?”  He sipped his own drink.  “Would it happen to be over a certain green-eyed virgin with devilish good looks?”
“I see,” Cindy said kindly.  “He isn’t into having sex with you, so you need to relieve the pressure?”
He flopped down on his bed, wondering if he had time to rub one out before his nap.  It always made him sleep better.  He could always have a go at it in the shower.
Cas was sure he was dreaming.  He laughed and kissed Dean again.  “When I wake up hungover, can you tell me that again?”
It was an odd moment, but the relief that washed over Dean was enormous, and the urge to protect him became overwhelming.  Cas turned his face into Dean’s neck and rested his head on his shoulder, his warm breath a little ragged and puffing against Dean’s skin.
He finally stroked his cock a few times, just teasing himself really, rocking harder and faster on the plug.
Dean:  Guess I’m going to head back to the Roadhouse and see if Aaron is there.  Maybe he’d like to hang out.
Cas rolled away from Dean, shaken.  He had been so close to crossing the line.  He’d almost done something Dean did
He moaned when Cas added a second finger, forgoing the lube.  It was rough against his sensitive flesh.
Dean moaned as his cock stood at full attention against the rough denim of his jeans.  He scurried to pull all of his clothing off, and Cas watched with hungry eyes.
He was still hazy about the Viagra potion incident, he was so hopped up on hormones that it seemed like a blur.  He knew whatever happened was enough to make Cas avoid him for the last week, and he could figure out what he’d done wrong. Cas had been the one to have to help him come over and over, milking his prostate with that enormous plug...
Cas fondled Dean, never getting him completely hard, but Dean chuckled and said something about being 40 soon, and not to stop.  Cas obeyed and shifted his wings to run their feathers around Dean’s balls and along his shaft, sending little waves of grace into him, making him come suddenly and loudly.  Cas sped up and fucked Dean through his orgasm, holding Dean’s leg open and rolling Dean back, slightly on top of him, and fucking into his rippling heat until Cas came again, pounding Dean’s prostate and prolonging his pleasure.
“I am very large, Dean, I do not want to hurt you.  I assure you, this stretching is for your own good.”
“Cas, why did you leave me?” Dean asked, as he stroked the top edge of Cas’s wings, his hand moving down his back and landing over Cas’s chest.  He looked so forlorn, Cas’s heart tore in two.
Dean stood in front of the mirror flexing and turning.  The pink went really nicely against his skin.  He leaned over the bed, tilting his hips so his cheeks spread, and moved the thong aside.  His hole throbbed when his fingers came near, and he shivered and got up to get his plugs.  He selected the largest one, no time to waste.  He positioned himself so he could watch the plug, lubed up, work its way into him.  He didn’t bother with his fingers first, or even a smaller plug, he wanted to
The motels were few and far between, but Dean found one quickly that didn’t look like they would look at his ID too closely.  He got the keys while Cas snoozed in the car, and drove them to the back of the complex, where their room was.
“It’s good to see you again,” Cindy said cheerfully, greeting Cas as he walked into the adult bookstore for the second time.
It wasn’t like with Benny.  That was just about getting off, just finishing fast so they could go back to finding Cas and escaping Purgatory.
“Fuck, he’s hot.  For an older guy, anyway.  You sure have a lot of candid pics of him- you’re quite the photographer.”
He had bitten his bicep to stifle his moans and came hard, getting a little more come on the doomed pants.  He didn’t really have time to change before meeting the witness, so he ended up holding a briefcase in front of himself the whole time.
Cas snorted and opened the car door, standing with effort.  “You didn’t seem worried when you made me leave the bunker.”
Dean huffed a laugh, his breath hot on Cas’s erection.  It twitched in his hand, and pre-come dribbled out.  Dean automatically lapped it up.  It was bitter, a little different from his own, but not bad.  He lapped at it again, swirling his tongue around the crown, glancing up at Cas, who had propped himself on his elbows to watch.
He sighed loudly, wincing as the movement made his back twinge.  He turned his head slightly to look at the mess in the garage.  There was the wrench, brake fluid bottle, and mallet on the hood of the truck covered in lube.  There was the open door to the cab of the truck, come all over the cab, lube all over the shifter knob.  There was lube dripping from the trailer hitch and dried come on the floor.  And Dean himself, laying in the drying come, dressed in nothing but stained and ruined black lace panties, with the telltale bottle of half-empty lube just out of reach, and a laptop with all the evidence needed to convict him as a chronic pervert.
Cas scowled.  “It’s a waste.  She just throws money at me when she wants something- in this case, to change my major to business.  Not going to do it.  She can have the car back.  I might just sell it and give the money to charity.”
“Not before we drive it around though, right?”  Dean grinned at Cas, finally getting a smile out of him.
Dean nodded again, he had no plans of moving, he didn’t think he could if he tried.  He just needed Cas to come back to him now.
Dean felt his stomach plummet.  Nora smiled at the both of them and disappeared back through a door in the back of the shop.
Dean let his cock rest on Cas’s calf as he moved down until his mouth was inches from Cas’s hole.  He licked a broad stripe over Cas’s balls, which were already tight against his body.  Cas shivered.  Dean moved up a little and gently tongued at Cas’s hole, making the bound angel moan into the pillow.  He could tell Cas was trying to hold himself still, so Dean steadied him with a firm hand before really pressing his tongue on Cas’s hole.  It flexed under the pressure.  He’d never rimmed anyone before, and it really excited him.  He pushed the pointed tip of his tongue into the furl, groaning into it when it yielded rather easily.  Cas was already shaking and sweat was sheening along his back. Dean pushed his thumb in Cas’s hole as he licked, pushing in and out gently, pulling a little to help Cas relax.  Cas pushed back on his thumb, calling out Dean’s name, his cock dripping onto the bed sheet below.  Dean switched to using his fingers, going slow the way he liked it, loving the hot feel of Cas’s stretched around his finger.  Soon it was two fingers, then three.  Cas was flushed all over, head turned on the pillow to try and see Dean from his submissive position, moaning his name over and over.
“Oh, she’s the owner of the Roadhouse’s daughter.  We grew up together, she’s cool as shit.”  Dean swore he saw a little relief cross Cas’s face.
“I love you too, always have,” Cas replied, trying not to leap out of bed and ravish the hunter a fourth time.
Cas huffed.  “Naomi was in rare form.  She read me the riot act, degraded my choice of major, and then lectured me about what a CEO should be like.  I got out of there as quick as I could before I could develop a serious drinking problem.  Drove back.”
He sat up, the room tilting dangerously, and wrapped himself in Cas’s blanket and shuffled to the door to unlock it.
“Fuck!”  Dean let Cas slowly push into him, the heat of his flesh bright inside of Dean, his every vein and wrinkle felt by Dean’s overworked tunnel.  Cas thrust up into Dean until Dean relaxed into Cas’s arms, enjoying the fullness of it, so much more complete than anything he’d ever tried.
“Fuck, I’m gonna come,” Dean muttered, still slumped over on Cas’s shoulder, allowing Cas to wring pleasure from him.  Cas had never been more turned on in his life.  He ignored the implications of this as he sped up his hands, suddenly intent on watching Dean come all over his best blue suit and tie.
“Yeah, Dean,” Jo sighed, wiping at the bar out of habit.  “I wish I had someone who I could fall in love with at first sight.”
“Fuck,” Cas stared wide-eyed as a pearl of precome welled to the tip of Dean’s cock, and he slipped his finger in and out, loving the way it seemed gobble him up and not want him to pull out, but go deeper.  He obliged, looking up to watch Dean’s half lidded gaze as he slowed his hips down to a lazy roll to accommodate the movement of Cas’s finger.
Cas blushed and looked away.  “I don’t.  I was just curious.  Sometimes a casual encounter can become something more.”
He couldn’t move.  He laid there on his back, staring at the garage ceiling.  Fuck.  He strained to reach the laptop with his fingertips, the cold of the concrete starting to leak into his muscles as the sweat dired.
That made Dean stop and turn around.  “Wha-?”  Dean breathed shakily and looked at the ceiling, as if there were something there, but then turned back around.  “Come on, Cas.”  He started walking again.
“I’m looking for a gift.  I’m not really sure what I’m looking for, there are so many to choose from.”
They were walking through the tenocology department when Dean got an idea.  He went over to the discount bin and started rummaging around.  He held up his find triumphantly.  Thank god a rural Walmart would be the most likely place to find obsolete technology.
Cas realized he might be a little drunk.  The 10 o’clock show was starting soon, so he went to grab a water and headed to the stage.  He took a seat at his usual table, leaning back in his chair and trying to look uninterested.  He still had to fend no less than 10 offers for sexual favors, which was like, 3 times as many as usual.  He smiled politely and finally just glowered at whoever looked at him, giving them his best fuck-off face.  A girl dressed in platform shoes and a purple wig was serving drinks and brought Cas another on the house. She was new, so he gave her the rundown. He’d really tip her well.  He went ahead and gave her his card, asking her to hold onto it for him and take twenty percent of all he’d drank at the end of the night and ring it up under the button in the computer marked, ‘angel tips’, which Raphael assigned just for him so the servers could get their earnings from the till.  It was a good system, and it ensured Cas paid for and tipped without fucking it up if he got plastered.  Raphael was like an older sibling to Cas and always took good care of him.
Dean nodded and put their foreheads together, his eyes rolling shut as Cas’s finger slipped in further.  It felt so different than Dean had expected.  So real, so much more alive.
Cas smiled and thrust his tongue in again, loving the way Dean pushed back and whimpered for more.  Cas let go of Dean’s hip and reached up to stick two fingers in Dean’s mouth.  Dean sucked them greedily, swirling his tongue around them and moaning.  Cas took them back and pressed his middle finger against Dean’s hole, licking and kissing around it as he did.  Dean’s hole clenched then relaxed, allowing Cas to slide it in neatly, up to the second knuckle with ease.  Cas’s dick throbbed when he pictured Dean doing this to himself, opening himself up as he masturbated, twisted in his sheets, begging to be penetrated.
He groaned softly when he moved his hand, finally.  Sweat broke out all over his body and he sat up to pull his shirt off.  Cas was watching.  Dean pretended not to notice.  Some weird part of him
Dean hummed, watching in satisfaction as Cas’s eyes fluttered shut at the vibration.  Dean reached from behind Cas to pull at his balls, and rub his perineum, pressing the pad of his thumb on Cas’s thobbing hole.  Cas cried out a warning, and Dean sucked hard as the first spurt of come filled his mouth, drinking it down greedily, pushing Cas deeper into his throat, past his gag reflex and sucking every last drop.  Cas pulled slowly out, a dribble or too hitting Dean’s chin which he stuck his tongue out and tried to lap up.  Cas’s eyes fluttered and he moaned again as he moved back down Dean’s body to lick his own come of his face and kiss him deeply.
“Dean,” Cas echoed, his hands coming up to run his fingertips down his chiseled abs.  They shuddered under his touch.  Cas glanced down and was hit with another, stronger wave of arousal when he saw Dean was fully erect, the tip of his cock poking out the waistband of the thong and wetting it.  Cas experimentally rotated his hips up, causing Dean to grab the armrests and throw his head back and moan deliciously.  The feel of that hard and soft flesh of Dean’s balls and ass running along his cock was heaven, and Cas finally grabbed Dean’s hips and shifted them so their cocks lined up better.
Dean glanced worriedly around the room, making sure he hadn’t forgotten anything.  He yelped when he felt Cas’s hand slip down the back of his jeans.
He’d never been a very spiritual person, but their connection felt like it was spiritual somehow.  They had the physical thing down, the emotional thing was a work in progress, obviously, and the spiritual connection, something that just felt right, like pieces clicking into place, completing the puzzle.
There was a shuffling sound of the shower curtain being drawn back, and in a moment, Dean emerged, hunched over in his robe, holding a towel over his crotch.  His face was beet red and he wouldn’t look at Cas.
“I don’t think he’s really interested in me.  He’s having fun or whatever, and maybe I should be doing that too.”
It was New Year’s Eve, and Cas wanted to kiss someone at midnight.  That someone was Dean Winchester, and even if they were mad at each other, even if they hated each other, he was going to get Dean to come over and kiss him.  Somehow.
She smiled fondly at him for a split second, then let her mask of teenage disdain slip on again.  Cas felt accomplished that he made the angsty girl smile.  He liked her.
Cas smiled at Dean over the roof of the Impala and got in.  He buckled up and poked around in his backpack until his fingers touched the corner of a plastic box.  He pulled out the mixtape Dean gave him for Christmas and popped it in the player.  Dean grinned over at him, making his stomach flutter.  The strains of
Cas leaned back and let Dean do all the work, content to watch the man fuck himself fully hard again on Cas’s cock.  He was pretty well-endowed, he knew that, but knowing he could get this man so hard again so quickly made him feel powerful.
Dean laughed and pulled Cas into his lap.  They watched the rest of the drag show in the same chair, Dean kissing Cas and breathing into his neck.  It was heaven.
“I guess you’re right.  I don’t have to get married,” Cas said, feeling a weight lift.  “And I’m gay, so there’s that.”
“You like that, Cas, you like how good I take your cock?”  Dean was shivering as waves of pleasure hit him.  Just penetration felt so goddamn good.  “Yeah, baby, I take it so good for you, yeah, that’s it, more, harder-”
“Yeah.  I fell for you. Kerplunk.  Can’t un-fall.  I’m sorry.”  Cas kinda hoped Dean wanted to still have sex even though Cas was being all emotion-y.
But the danger was over, the body disposed of, and they were en route to the Love Shack.  Dean should have been fine, he should have been relieved.  But instead, he opened his big dumb mouth.
“Cas, they're beautiful,” he breathed.  He held a hand out as if to stroke one, and Cas couldn’t help but to press his left wing forward to meet his fingers.  He shuddered at the contact, it had been so long since they had been touched.
Dean paced the kitchen floor, running over everything he’d done in the last several days, trying to pinpoint when he’d apparently crossed some sort of invisible line that ended with Cas leaving.
Dean groaned.  “Everything was fine, I mean, we’re all alive, still on the lookout for Michael, but can’t we just have five fucking minutes where someone doesn’t go MIA?”
There were some noises and Sam came into view, holding a denim jumpsuit.  Dean sighed, too tired to even feel bad about how this was probably traumatising his brother, and helped Sam get the jumpsuit on his legs and over his exposed crotch.  Sam rolled him so he could get to his knees first then stand.
Which lead him to wonder what Cas was wearing under the covers.  The image of Cas in the red panties flashed through his mind, making him squirm slightly.  His dick seemed to take it personally that he hadn’t jerked off in the shower, and started to take interest again.
Cas growled, moving his fist harder and faster, flopping onto his stomach so he could picture holding Dean down and fucking into him mercerlessly, biting the pillow and burying himself over and over into the silicone facsimile of Dean’s perfect tight asshole.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whispered as they walked to the door of the station, “I can’t do this any longer, we need to go to the motel.”
Cas angrily threw the car into fifth gear.  It leapt forward and sped past the other cars on the interstate.  This was so fucked up!  How did it get so out of hand?  How could he have let himself care so much about one person?  And why did he keep saying and doing things to keep that one person at arm’s length?  He kicked himself for telling Dean he’d gotten laid when it was only a half-truth.  Not that it mattered to Den.  That guy could go fuck himself. Or fuck the football team, for all he cared.  Images of Dean getting fucked while wearing shoulder pads and cleats, a jockstrap pulled aside so he could stroke himself while being pounded from behind flooded Cas’s brain.  The linebacker was super hot, beefy, Cas would fuck him any day-  shit.  The images changed until it was Cas fucking Dean in a locker room, balls deep in his ass, making him scream.
Cas:  Just as well, you probably deserve more than a quick shag.  Casssie seems to think you are the relationship kind.
“I’m kind of an idiot when it comes to words and things.  I say stuff wrong and I screw everything up.”
He pulled his fingers out, hopped out of the car, grabbed the laptop and wobbled on shaky, fucked-out legs to the tail of the truck.  He sat the laptop on the ground, angling the camera up at himself.  He reached out and touched the shiny massive globe of the trailer hitch with a slick finger.  Definitely bigger than the shifter knob.
Dean was sweaty and his hair stood out in all directions.  He had returned to laying under the covers, with them pulled to his chin.  His bare shoulder peeked out, the skin looking slick and Cas had the strongest urge to bite it, to see what it felt like between his teeth.
Cas sat his cup down in the sink and turned back to Dean.  He walked slowly over to the hunter, lowering his face to look at Dean through his eyelashes.
“No! I mean, no it’s fine, I just need to uh, wait until it goes...down.”  Cas closed his eyes.  This was so stupid.  “Just tell Dean I can’t meet him.  Make something up, I don’t know.  Just...please.”
It’s not that he didn’t want to spend time with Dean, it’s just that since he had ‘helped’ Dean, it had been awkward.  Dean always found some reason to leave the room, and Cas would look at him and see how his lips looked and remember them stretched around his cock, and he’d get hard.  So here he was, trying to find something to help suppress his urges to mount Dean, bite his throat and mark him, and mate him once and for all.
It was a blue anal plug, roughly the size of the snowglobe, resting on the soapdish.  The balloon was tied to it and he picked it up, turning it over in his hand.
“I know what a Fleshlight is, Cas.” Dean cut him off, nearly sobbing with the effort not to stroke himself to Cas’s description of fucking a sex toy.
And he remembered waking up alone in his bed, cleaned off of any residue, but alone.  It wasn’t great.  If he wanted to be honest about it, it felt perfectly awful.  He thought something had finally happened with Cas, and that maybe they’d be fucking now, like regularly, hell, the guy was calling his name out when he got off, but Dean didn’t know.  He’d just left, and had been acting really strangely.
Dean hissed when he felt Cas kneel up again and slide out.  Dean opened his eyes and watched amusedly as Cas pushed his come back into Dean with the head of his cock, and rubbed it around.  Cas seemed very focused on what he was doing, like making a mark on him.
He imagined sinking onto it, pushing its girth into himself, opening up and letting Cas pound the fuck out of him.  He still hadn’t even addressed the straining erection that was soaking the front of the panties.  He stroked it in the fabric, loving the slickness of it.  He rocked back and forth, pressing the plug into his prostate, and smearing the pre-come onto the panties.  Cas’s was just so goddamn big, and Dean wanted to be stretched by it, ruined, marked and claimed, tied up and pounded into, fucked, used, anything, he just wanted to feel Cas inside him again.
“Mmmfph,” he grumbled again, realizing it might be too difficult to move at that point.  He just wanted to stay right where he was, enveloped in Cas’s smell.  But where was Cas?  That was the problem, the scent only made him feel a tiny bit better.  He needed Cas.
They sat there breathing hard together, Dean slumping over Cas comfortably, with the sound of Dean’s porn playing in the background.  Dean giggled into Cas’s neck.
He had shrugged and clicked on another.  He managed to get off a second time that night, and was hooked.
Dean moaned and rolled over, pushing his ass up in the air and pushing his knees as far apart as possible.  Cas was sweating now too, so he pulled off his coat and tie, and removed his shoes and suit jacket.  He rolled up his sleeves and positioned himself on his knees behind Dean, hands trembling as he reached out to steady Dean’s hip.  Dean gasped at the contact and pushed back into Cas’s hand, moaning and flexing his hole as Cas watched.
The cleanup was a mess, and Cas had decided that he should probably try not to masturbate in Dean’s room anymore.  It was never just ‘one and done’.
Dean pulled his knees up with his feet flat on the bed.  He let his legs fall open, and ran his fingertips over his balls again, behind them, and pressed on his hole.  Cas couldn’t see him do it, so why the fuck not?  He took his cock with his right hand and slowly began a rhythm.  His eyes were shut, and he bit his lip, dying to know if Cas was watching but scared to look.  He sped his hand up, lifting his feet slightly to get a better angle to finger himself.  He needed a little lube, so he brought his hand up to his mouth without thinking, spitting on his fingers and reaching back down again.
“Good.  Now let’s go use Gabriel’s expensive shampoo and high-end towels and get cleaned up.  I have his credit card, so dinner’s on him too.”
“Get what over with?” Cas asked, suddenly terrified that Dean would tell him he needed to leave the bunker again.  He knew it was unlikely, but the feeling would sometimes surface for no reason, as if it were imprinted in him, a shadow that wouldn’t disappear no matter how strong the light shining on it was.
“Oh,”  Dean wondered how long Cas had been jerking off to videos of Dean.  His thoughts were cut short when Cas lifted him and slid him down onto his thick hard cock.  Dean cried out.
Dean’s stoic face started to crack.  He snorted, and Cas could tell he was holding back a laugh.  Cas wanted that laugh, coveted that laugh, would have that laugh.
Dean was so entranced that he almost answered.  Almost.  Instead, he ran out of there as fast as he could with a raging hard on.
“Just get out for a few minutes!” Dean shouted,  “I’m sure I can get rid of it, jeez, let a guy alone, for fuck’s sake.”
“Yeah, well Balthazar said you guys didn’t fuck so I guess he’s a liar, then.  You always do this to your friends, huh?  String them along, make them want you?  That’s fucked up Cas.”
Dean looked up at him.  “Maybe I want you to come.  I want to know what that’s like,” Dean shrugged, licking at Cas’s tip, enjoying how it made him twitch and cry out weakly.
If you aren't a fan of Bottom!Cas, skip this, Dean just wanted to try something, and Cas was all too happy to give it a try
Cas stopped what he was doing and regarded Dean so closely that he looked away, embarrassed.  Cas turned his head back with a hopefully clean finger.
Dean pushed his hips back as Cas slowly pressed in the plug, and he watched, mesmerized, as Dean’s tiny hole seemed to gobble up the plug, inch by inch, taking it all.  Dean moaned and pushed back, a hand wrapped around his cock, working it swiftly.  Cas watched Dean’s hand, memorizing the way his fingers swiped over the leaking tip, gathering the fluid and slipping around the shaft, jacking smoothly.  Dean moaned again and grunted as the widest part of the plug stretched him so wide, and sighed in relief as it fully seated itself inside him.
“Dean?  Are you in there?”  Cas’s voice outside the door drew Dean out of the dream and he blinked at the ceiling.
Dean closed his eyes and shuddered.  Cas’s voice was low and gravelly as always, but Dean could feel it in his cock, pressed up tightly to him.
Cas looked both furious and amused.  “That little shit! Honestly, this is so fucking typical of him-”  He looked away again, then stood.  “You know what?  I find it interesting that you even care who I’m fucking.”
“You like that?  You like my hole?   You’re the only one, Cas, the only one who has ever been inside me.  You’ve ruined me, Cas, I’ll only ever want your cock, your thick fucking cock pounding into me, making me yours.”
He stood, purposefully yawning and stretching under Cas’s watchful blue eye peeking out of the blankets.  Cas’s eye roamed over him, pausing and widening at the tent created in the front of Dean’s pajama pants.  Dean smirked and adjusted his dick a little. Maybe more than necessary.  Well, he was kind of rubbing himself while Cas watched.
“It was so good, I loved watching you come apart on me like that, I love watching you take your pleasure from my body.”
Dean cringed as Cas continued to scrub at the dried come, and bit his tongue on the advice on dried come cleaning that surfaced in his mind.
“Gee, it’s nice to see you too, Cas,” Dean chuckled weakly, swallowing the lump forming in his throat.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you,” Cas whispered.  He moved further down, Dean glad he was going to get sucked off.  He really needed to come.  But instead, Cas parted his legs, bending his knees to his chest, exposing his hole.  Dean spread his legs further, excited about Cas touching him there.
“Oh fuck!” Cas cried out, as Dean triumphantly found his prostate.  He hummed in approval as he pounded into it, his own orgasm began to overtake him.  He reached around and gripped Cas’s swollen and neglected member and began to roughly stroke it, trying to hold back until Cas came.
Dean cringed inwardly.  “I didn’t say that,” he lied, “I said there was, uh, uh, you know, ‘room for improvement’.  Come on.”
“What the hell?”  Dean mumbled quietly, turning the shirt over in his hands,  then sniffing it.  It definitely had been stolen from Dean’s dirty laundry, but with an added scent of masculinity and crispness that he associated with Cas.  Had Cas been wearing his shirt?   Or jerking off with it?  Or what?
A full screen still of his face frozen in bliss as he looked back to watch himself put two fingers in his ass while leaning over the hood of Cas’s truck met his eyes.
Dean wanted to pull his hair out.  He was supposed to be telling Cas he liked him.  But if this was how the guy was, hooking up with random guys from his past…
He pulled his cock out of Dean’s mouth to feeble protests.  Dean turned and spread his ass with his hands, holding himself open for Cas, pressing his face in the pillow.  Cas was so tempted.
“Day-um, sweetie, what have you got on,” Raphael was behind the bar, inventory sheet in hand when Cas walked in.  “I swear, you surprise me constantly.”  He shook his head and pulled a bottle of Glen McKenna down and got two tumblers.  Cas watched him pour three fingers for them each, smiling in amusement.  Raphael was dressed in a t shirt and jeans, crooked ball cap on his head.
Cas took over and cleaned Dean up, and rolled him over and began changing the sheets.  There were fresh linens in the bathroom as well as clean towels.
Dean woke several hours later and rubbed his eyes.  He slowly rolled and sat up.  His back hardly protested and he breathed deeply.  His back was so much better than it had been.  Sometimes it was like that.  A muscle spasm was unpredictable.
I also had to put a whole lot of Cas snark in here- in honor of his canon sass from season 13 so far.  I fucking love SassyCassy.
Cas pushed the balloon back into the bag and took the left hallway and went the long way around to avoid running into Dean.
I would also like to state that, at the moment, I am writing too fast and don't have a job right now, so no beta has been able to keep up with my manic, hyperactive, impulsive posting, so there's typos. I'm sure there is. And I apologize. English is my first language, so it's pitiful.
Cas dropped her lifeless body and joined Sam in helping Dean up.  The force with which he was thrown back had shattered several vials on a shelf, and some of the contents were dripping down Dean’s neck.  Dean allowed Sam to help him stand, and shook his head slightly.
“Sorry Cas, I, uh, just was...you know, wondering...if uh…” he stammered.  He had an idea.  “Hey!  Why don’t you just take a little peek this time, just this once.”  Dean bit his lip and waited, a very provocative image swirling to the front of his mind’s eye.
Dean sighed, moving his pillow around until his head was comfortable.  A few minutes passed and Sam came back with the pills.  Dean took four and swallowed down a little water.  He prayed he wouldn’t have to piss until they kicked in.  What a fucking mess.
Dean dumbly followed Cas to the kitchen, his legs a little bowed more than usual.  Cas had his jacket off and was washing his hands at the sink.  Dean washed his as well and started pulling things from the fridge.
“I do too,” Dean muttered into his ear over the loud strains of Lady Marmalade, I don’t do feelings real well either, so I open my big stupid mouth.  I’m sorry.”
Cas came with a shout, spilling on Dean’s slacks like he’d wanted, standing still as Dean stroked him until he was over-sensitive.
He slammed the door shut behind himself and locked it, throwing himself face-first into Cas’s pillow.  He sucked in deep breaths, moaning lowly when the sweet muskiness filled his senses, calming him immediately.
Dean froze and rounded on him.  “What the fuck, Gabe said it was your birthday, not your bachelor party!  I swear I didn’t know!  I wouldn’t have agreed to it if I knew you were getting married.”
The tightness was unbelieveable at first, but Dean was well practiced, and he losened up fast, sinking down until he was resting on Cas’s lap, fully impaled.
He closed his eyes and moaned, imagining Dean riding him, lowering himself onto Cas, plunging deep into his heat.  Cas was so close to the edge.  He opened his eyes.
Cas chuckled again, his palms now rubbing circles on Dean’s ass cheeks, spreading them wider, exposing his hole to the cool air.  He shuddered.
“Come on, buddy,” Dean awkwardly shook Cas’s shoulder, rousing him so he could get the poor guy into bed.  Well, not into bed, but...yeah.
It was nice to not be judged, but hell, he just wanted for Cas to feel something, anything.  Wanted him to join in, do something!  He wasn’t sure that Cas felt like that about anyone.  He obviously masturbated, and had sex with at least one person as far as Dean knew, but where hunters and angels seemed to be pairing off, Cas was just...by himself.  So maybe that meant he didn’t find Dean attractive.  Surely any red blooded man would have seized the opportunity that finding someone masturbating on their bed presented.  But Cas had simply suggested burgers for supper.
Dean was glad they’d already came once, because he would have come embarrassingly fast  He was making all sorts of noises, Cas’s skin slapping into his filling the room.
Cas grasped Dean’s ass and spread it, fingers holding the plug in place and thrust upward, eyes falling shut to the fantasy of it.  He wanted to replace the plug with his penis, and he would, but only if Dean asked him to.
Cas closed the door to his room and slipped out of his coat, taking off his suit and hanging it up in the closet, setting his shoes below it, socks and boxers in the laundry basket.  He stood in his room, surrounded by the trinkets of memories he had of Dean, and watched his erection grow larger than ever.  The closer he got to his rut, the bigger it would get.
“I’m not saying anything bad about Dean,” Cindy held her hands up, “but I really hope he gets his shit together and you two can be happy.  It just seems like destiny.”
Sam was enthusiastic that Cas and Dean had finally gotten together, but that’s as far as he wanted know about it.  He had no clue how wild their sex life was, and he didn’t want to know.  That was fine with Dean.
“I can throw it away, I’ll get you a new one,” Dean mumbled as he held up the globe.  This was so humiliating.
“Look here, Cas,”  Raphael paused while Cas had his arms full of boxes, making him set them down on a nearby table.  “Long as I’ve known you, you’ve played your cards very close to the chest.  I don’t need to be psychic to know you had some bad shit happen in your past.  But this one seems like something special.  Put the cards on the table, and let the chips fall where they may, oh fuck, that’s enough of that tired metaphor.”
He had kept Cas’s grace inside of him even though he could have expelled it at any point.  Even though the handprint was gone, Cas’s true mark remained, and that could never be replaced by another angel’s grace.  Or removed by any other means- except Dean’s free will to eject him.
Dean got on the road early.  He was only a couple of hours away from school, and if got back in time, he could take a nap before he went to meet Benny and Charlie.
Cas squinted.  “That’s your assessment?  That I must have taken a drug, not that I shouldn’t have stuck my penis in this...thing?”
going for sexy not sharp,” he drawled, wiggling his fingers at Dean.  If he was going twink tonight, he sure as hell was going to have fun with it.
Dean scowled petulantly.  “No, I’m fine.”  He stood gingerly.  “My, uh, my back has been bothering me a little.”  He didn’t know why he bothered lying, it was kind of pointless, really.
Cas tried not to think about what the Empty had said to him- it really didn’t matter- he was meant to follow Dean to the ends of the earth, and by his Father, that’s what he would do.
Dean pursed his lips and slid to his knees, pushing between Cas’s legs to take his dick into his mouth.  Cas shouted in relief when the slicknes of Dean’s mouth descended on him, not wasting time in teasing, but sucking hard, up and down rapidly, then pulling off and slipping the condom on.
He’d never dared to masturbate in Cas’s room before, so it was extra naughty, so he knew he wouldn’t last.  He moved to the edge of the bed and sat on the globe, sliding further onto it, bouncing a little, liking the way the soft mattress yielded to his motion.
As always, I apologize for the unedited mess this is, but my betas have actual lives and can't devote their whole life to editing my fics.  And I love them anyway :)
“Sit.”  Larue pushed Dean into a sitting position.  “Ooh, good boy.” The crowd cheered, while Dean flashed a nervous smile at Cas.
Relief flooded Dean’s body and he felt like laughing and crying at the same time.  He pulled Cas back down on top of him, kissing him sloppily, holding him tightly, trying to speak through his actions.  Dean felt for the bottle of lube and pushed it into Cas’s hand.
It wasn’t a few more minutes before the Sheriff called with the info about the first victim only being the wife, and the husband was still around.  Now, that was a lead, and frankly, Dean needed to distract himself.
He poured lube from above over the clean shiny knob, letting it run to the ground.  He dropped the bottle and straddled the hitch, back to the tailgate, hooking his elbows over the side so he could lower himself slowly.  He spread his legs wide and squatted down, feeling the cold metal sooth his hot, worn-out hole.  He gasped as he relaxed and increased pressure, the metal globe slowly stretching him unbelievably wide.  He was sure he could do it- there was this guy he saw put a rolling pin in his ass, and this wasn’t nearly that big- and he moaned when his rim contracted around the far side of the ball, the hitch knob sitting comfortably inside him.  He closed his eyes and unhooked one elbow to stroke his cock, only rotating his hips around until his found the right angle to press to his prostate.  He forgot the camera as he closed his eyes and jerked himself faster.  His other elbow slipped, and his full weight  pressed the ball in harder, but he easily rested with the ball in his ass as he rolled his nipples in his fingers and pumped his fist.  He kept his eyes closed, a vague image of a man swimming into his mind, kneeling in front of him, taking his cock into his mouth, sucking and fondling, then standing so he could push his cock in between Dean’s lips.  Dean shouted and came as he imagined Cas looking down lovingly as Dean sucked him off.  Dean’s ass spasmed around the trailer hitch in time with the come shooting from the tip of his cock, and he used the last of his strength to pull himself to stand, even as the orgasm continued, to pull himself off the globe, the burst of pleasure the pull on his rim created making him collapse on the floor, come all over his hands, cheek to the cool concrete, ass in the air.  He flapped out an arm wildly to grab the laptop, yanking it toward himself and under his raised pelvis, hoping it was getting a shot of his over-stretched hole, still twitching, feeling ridiculously empty.
“Yeah,” Sam said, squinting at the screen.  “They can take the form of humans and can survive in underground lairs like the sewer system or subway lines.”
Cas melted and huffed a breath against Dean, slipped his cock out with a hiss, and turned Dean so he could face him properly.
Cas sighed.  “I know he likes to penetrate himself anally, that much is clear- but as I am what would be referred to as a ‘top’, I don’t know what would be appropriate.”  He picked up a large purple plug and looked at the man on the box.  He sort of looked like Dean.
Cas smiled and nodded, making his way into the kitchen, looking for something to give Dean energy enough to have sex again.
Dean’s chuckles died down and he stood to come nearer to the problem.  Cas’s dick twitched on its own.  He hoped Dean didn’t notice.
He dried off and went back into the bedroom.  Dean was sprawled across the covers, snoring, his dick finally spent and laying against his thigh.  Cas checked the time.  It had already been 12 hours and it was over.  He could go back to his own room.
In the card, in Cas’s fancy script was, “Dean, I was in town today and saw this and thought of you.  Enjoy.  -Cas”
going for sexy not sharp,” he drawled, wiggling his fingers at Dean.  If he was going twink tonight, he sure as hell was going to have fun with it.
She visibly relaxed.  “Oh thank goodness, I thought you were a cop- I mean, you kind of dress like a cop.”
“Of course, Dean.  I couldn’t deny such a request.  So how was the rest of your vacation?  Hows…” Cas looked thoughtful.  “Aaron?”
Dean quit rambling and glanced up at Cas, truly looking abashed.  Cas’s heart fluttered.  The man was just so damn
Dean sat at the bar, on his second beer.  It was nearly 1 am, and he was feeling pretty good about his life choices at the moment.  He did indeed meet Aaron at the bar, but instead of fucking, they played three rounds of pool.  Jo got winner, so Dean played three with her.  They’d laughed, ate awesome burgers (Dean kept saying he’d have gone gay earlier if he knew that the burgers were so good.  Ellen hit him with a spatula), and just talked about stuff.  Dean ended up spilling everything about Cas to Aaron and Jo, and they lent a sympathetic ear, ensuring him that he’d have the opportunity to meet lots of men, and there was someone out there for him.
“Is that for Dean?  His birthday isn’t until much later this year.”  Sam was squinting at the writing.  It said, ‘Congratulations’ on it, which didn’t really fit the occasion, but it was the best thing Cas could find.  The store didn’t exactly carry balloons that said, ‘here’s a sex toy from your best friend, enjoy.’
He closed his eyes, listening to Cas’s steps retreating downstairs, out the door, and the BMW revving its engine.  There was a squeal of tires and then quiet.
Cas swiped lube on his cock and some more on Dean’s twitching hole.   Cas pushed Dean’s knees up and pulled his hips up to tuck a pillow under them.
Dean grinned and wiggled his eyebrows.  Cas laughed and rolled Dean to his stomach, pulling him up to his knees.  Dean went willingly, canting his hips back to bare his hole at Cas eagerly. He got the lube and condom from under his pillow and pushed them back to Cas.  Cas hummed in approval, and Dean heard him open the lube and wince when the cold of it was spread over his hole.  Cas rubbed it around, letting a finger dip in a couple of times, Dean not being able to help thrusting back on it.  He moaned shamelessly, arching his back.
“It may take a moment for me to be able to pull out,” Cas mumbled, warm and content, wrapping his wings around them.  Dean wiggled a little, pushing back into Cas so every inch of his muscled back touched Cas’s front.
Cas moaned louder, thrusting up into his hand.  Dean was out in clear view now, and he saw that the tools had been put away and the come cleaned off the floor.  The light in the truck brightened and Cas held up his free hand, pressing something to his nose and mouth, inhaling deeply.
Dean came again, onto the bed, his body shaking, his hole clenching tightly over Cas’s cock, milking it, and he yanked Dean up and held him tightly to his chest, still pistoning up into him, until he-
Cas narrowed his eyes and held his chin up.  “It’s...Steve now,” indicating the name badge pinned to his blue vest.  “And...uh, you know you surprised me.”
Cas walked to the end of the counter and cut open the new box with a quick, steady slice of a box knife.  He started pulling out packing materials and boxes of what looked like anal beads and butt plugs with fox tails attached to the ends.  Dean’s head felt like it was going to explode.  He followed Cas as he carried them to stock a shelf.
But he did.  “Wow.  You take Viagra or something?  I did that once- thought I was gonna have to go to the ER cause the little fucker wouldn’t go down for 6 hours.”
Dean laughed as Cas stood in a flash and flew them directly to their bed, much as he had when they mated so many months ago.
Cas stood watching Dean sleep, like he had so many times before.  He’d never belong to Cas, and this was as close as it would ever come.  And he had to be okay with that.
“Dean,” Cas growled, feeling his grace spark, and knowing his eyes flashed menacingly, “just leave it.”
Dean should have left, should have gone and hidden in his room, but his stupid feet kept moving forward, determined to find out exactly what Cas was doing.
Dean fell to the floor, whimpering, on all fours, rocking back and forth as the plug punished his prostate.  Cas moved around the room, the sound of clothing falling and the laptop opening mingling with the sounds pouring from Dean’s mouth.
Cas shifted Dean over and grabbed the box.  “Just a pair of restraints, in case…” he trailed off.  He wasn’t sure how to explain how he might need Dean to restrain him in case he was compelled to mate Dean.  So far, he’d been able to control himself.  He’d taken the time to draw sigils on the cuffs, and would use them if need be.
“Ouch,” Cindy cringed.  “I’m so sorry.  So he’s not attracted to men, but likes to put things up his ass.  Interesting.”  She picked up a large box from a lower shelf.  “I would have recommended this couple’s anal play gift set, but I don’t know if that’s appropriate for friends.  Not that I know of many sex toys that would be appropriate for friends.”
All he had to do now was wait.  He thought about jerking off to pass the time, but chastised himself- that’s how he got in that mess to begin with!  He closed his eyes and let himself drift.
Dean rolled over to the side, letting Cas climb on top of him.  They were sticky and gross, but Cas looked amazing, well-fucked hair spiking everywhere.
Dean gasped and clutched himself, his eyes squinting over Cas’s shoulder, but then he sighed and shook his head, eyes darting away from Cas again.  Cas was almost sure Dean had seen his wings that time, but that was hardly possible.
“Get up, you son of a bitch,” he whispered furiously.  Cas grinned and stood, still blocking Dean from standing as he took his time paying the waitress for their meal.  Dean was livid.
Cas reached for the lube on the nightstand, and quickly slathered a good amount on his cock, shivering at the coolness of it, and grateful that Dean had been properly stretched first.
He was glad he’d only got there moments before, and he cursed himself for not locking the door.  He was planning a shower after his romp, but whatever Cas had done in the bathroom had intrigued him enough to pull his finger out of his ass and hop up.  He quickly locked the door and went into the en suite.
But Cas dipped in a kissed him there instead.  Dean cried out and clenched down, his cock growing impossibly harder, and kept his hands away.  Cas would take care of him, he knew it.  He said he trusted him, and he did.
), toys of all shapes and sizes lining the walls, and a section with racks of lacy and satiny undergarments.  Dean could feel his cheeks darken as his eyes met Cas’s again.  They looked grim.
Cas shook.  He unfurled them slowly, majestically, delighting as Dean watched over his shoulder as they filled the room.  It felt good to have them out, like Dean was acknowledging that other part of him, his non-humanness.  And he still wanted him.
Cas pulled out, changing positions again, this time on their sides, Cas behind Dean again, holding up one of his legs to get deeper.  Dean eyes rolled back as Cas let go of his leg and grabbed his cock, smearing the precome all around, pumping his fist quickly, nailing his prostate on every stroke.  Dean felt taken, owned, claimed, and he went rigid as his pleasure overtook him again and he came, crying out Cas’s name over and over, cursing at the intensity, then going limp as Cas pounded harder into him, chasing his own pleasure.  Dean whispered encouragement, throwing in a few dirty phrases to bring Cas to the edge.
The man laughed, showing off his long throat.  “Yeah.  Your brother wanted you to have the whole experience- striptease, private dance, and more, if you want.  My name is Dean.”
“Weak as a human,” Cas finished for him.  “I know, and yes, I want that very much.”  Cas flopped face-first into the pillow, his ass rising slightly more, and placed both hands behind his back.
Cas pushed Dean onto the bed onto all fours, spreading his knees apart.  Dean peered over his shoulder and watched as Cas rummaged through his backpack and pulled out a bottle of lube.  He took out a small package and set both to the side.  Dean lost sight of him when he crawled onto the bed behind him.
Dean felt a blush creeping up his neck as he held Cas’s gaze steadily, trying to ignore the massive cocks dangling on the wall behind him.
“Oh.”  Dean dropped their bags.  There was only one bed.  He swore he asked for a double.  Maybe he’d forgotten, he was pretty worn out as well.  It was fine, he could sleep on the chair.  He’d slept in worse places.
Dean’s eyes fluttered closed and he rested his forearms on the back of the chair, moaning into Cas’s ear, licking it once with the tip of his tongue.  Cas shivered again, and moved his hands to spread Dean’s ass cheeks open, running his fingers along the line of fabric, and then under it, feeling the furl of skin throb under his touch.
Deciding that he’d pondered it quite enough for one day, he changed the subject to football, and they told stories back and forth about Lawrence High’s terrible team and how they’d never make state.  Dean went home alone that night, happy that he’d only nursed 3 beers all night and had a good time with friends.  It made him miss school though, and he wondered how Kevin and Chuck were doing.  Three weeks of break was too long, and Dean wondered if Mom and Sam would be okay if he went back early.  Maybe spend New Year’s with the guys.
There was a cool hardness suddenly pressing into his hole, and he clenched down, but Cas waited until Dean relaxed again by continuing his licks, and slid it in.  Dean felt his hole stretched impossibly around the device, but it sat comfortably when it was in all the way.
Dean grinned wickedly and pushed the crown past his lips, pausing to lick the length of it so he could slide on easier.  Cas was trying to hold still, the gasps and groans letting Dean know he was doing well.  It wasn’t that hard, just suck it like he liked it.  He paused and used his hand so he could tongue at Cas’s slit, liking how the precome pulsed against his tongue, Cas howling out, hands scrabbling at Dean’s shoulders.
Dean laughed delightedly, leaving the room quietly, closing the door behind him.  He was quick in the bathroom, brushing his teeth first so his dick got a chance to settle down so he could actually pee.  He smelled his armpits, and shrugged.  He hopped into the shower and quickly scrubbed, nothing fancy, and toweled off.  He made a stop at Cas’s room to steal some bottles of water from the mini fridge.
“Just shut up and call her already!”  Dean had no idea why he was shouting, he just was.  He felt like his skin was crawling and his clothing felt too tight.  He needed Cas, needed to apologize for being such a perv and chasing him off.  Needed to just have him near, be able to smell him or something.  He shook his head, what was wrong with him?
Dean reached around and grasped Cas’s cock and pushed it against his still wet hole until Cas moaned and slid back into Dean’s heat.  It was impossibly tight at that angle, and Dean moaned and hissed as Cas rolled his hips smoothly.  It was slower and less frantic than before, but the build up was perfect and intense.
Dean matched his glare.  “Don’t get fucking righteous with me, asshole, I remember you being the one to ask to finger me.  Usually dudes just get off from a little dry humping and that’s it.”
Cas grinned and dropped his towel, giving Dean a glimpse of his cock before jumping under the covers and lying alongside him in the dark.  Cas was a little bigger than Dean, leaning toward the left, tan and half hard already.  Dean’s blood had rushed to his groin at the sight, and his mouth watered.  He wondered what it would feel like to have Cas in his mouth.
It wasn’t enough.  He stood from the bed and went into the small bathroom, running the cold water in the shower, and stepped in, hissing as the icy water stung his heated flesh.  It was bringing him back to the present a little.  He needed to just hang on, soon he’d be fine, and he would be able to just go back to the bunker, and everything would go back to normal.
He practically inhaled his meal, forgetting about his ass for the time being.  He pushed his plate away and leaned back in the booth, eyes widening when the plug announced its presence again, rolling against his prostate firmly.  He made an abrupt groan, and turned it into a cough, but the coughing made him clench around the intrusion, making everything worse.
“Cas, yes, baby, so good, it feels so good, my god, I wish we did this sooner, I never want to stop, does it feel good?  Am I good?”
Cas regarded her curiously.  “Dean said that men often can lend a ‘helping hand’ to one another if the situation calls for it.  And he helped me out of a... tight situation recently.  Then I walked in on him stimulating his prostate with a souvenir from the Empire State building on my bed.”
“That’s true,” Dean said, kissing Cas on the nose.  “And you love me so fucking much.  You are a very lucky man, really.”
“Can I…” Cas pressed his finger harder, using only sweat and the body oil on Dean’s skin to push his index finger in up to the first knuckle.  Dean hissed and ground down on his hand, his hole clenching around the intrusion.
Cas stopped what he was doing and crawled over Dean to look down at him.  “I have plans for you, Dean, ways to punish you, but I assure you, they will be just as pleasurable for you as they will be for me.”
It looked like Dean had just walked in.  Charlie Bradbury from psych was with him, and Benny, who Cas had seen at the club many times.  He was a good guy and was often seen with other bear-type men. He hadn’t realized he and Dean were friends.
“So, uh, you wear them?”  Dean didn’t want to know but wanted to know at the same time.  It was making his breath come out quicker.  There was no way Cas couldn’t smell the arousal.
Ellen snorted, snapping her rag at him.  “Don’t let your macho bullshit run your life.  It’s okay to like poetry and be poetic.  It’s okay to watch chick flicks.  Quit telling yourself you’re a pussy for liking those things.  It wasn’t true when John said it, it isn’t true now.  Tell your brain to fuck off and go get you some love.  Nothing wrong with it.”
Dean wanted to pull his hair out.  He was supposed to be telling Cas he liked him.  But if this was how the guy was, hooking up with random guys from his past…
He hadn’t heard much from Cas that week between Christmas and New Year’s, but that was always a nothing week- time to visit family, do some sales shopping, play with new toys.
Cas slid closer, his body lining up along Dean’s, his hard cock a line pressing into Dean’s hip as his hand took over and began to stroke lovingly over Dean’s cock.  Dean arched up, calling Cas’s name, his thighs spreading wider.
“Ah-ha,” Raphael said finally.  “I know what it’s missing.  Come on, sugar, we’re going to make you pretty.”
“What’s got your proverbial panties in a twist, my fine feathered friend?”  He sipped his own drink.  “Would it happen to be over a certain green-eyed virgin with devilish good looks?”
There was a distinctive ping from down the quiet hall.  A door opened and Dean could hear socked feet padding his way.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean gasped, his hips leaving the mattress for a moment as he closed his eyes.  He writhed, and Cas could see the blood returning to his penis through the sheet.  Dean looked tired.
“Dean,” Cas whispered.  “It’s okay if you don’t want to do anything, we can just cuddle or put clothes back on, or whatever you want.”
Dean really liked the gift, he guessed.  He had worn it all night, and it had given him great pleasure, by the looks of it.  Perhaps it was time to give him the next size up.
Cas caught him in a slow kiss, pulling him close, calming him.  Dean relaxed again.  It didn’t matter that Cas no longer had his grace, Dean still felt like they could win any battle together.  It felt like they would be alright, Sam and Kevin would be fine, and things were making more sense in Dean’s life than they ever had.
Cas was back in his room cursing to himself.  Dean just came while holding onto him!  It was the sexiest thing that had ever happened to him, even more than a certain handjob involving a room divider, and he was hard as a rock in his slacks and struggling to get out of them without ripping them to shreds.
The divider itself was made of hard plastic, with a repeating pattern of circles and squares.  The shape of his dick was thinner at the base and very thick in the middle, and tapered at the end.  The circle part of the divider was just the right size…  He hadn’t been fully hard when he stuck it in there after his shower, and he cursed himself for not just taking care of his erection in the shower instead of looking for alternatives.
Cas chuckled and reached under Dean to stroke his neglected cock.  Dean cried out, the pleasure wracking his body as Cas pumped his fist and slowly pulled the panties from Dean’s hole and stuffing them in again with his fingers.  Dean was practically wheezing from the pleasure, mumbling nonsense into the bed.  He pushed up on his forearms so he could look under himself, watching the laptop through his and Cas’s parted thighs, watching the way Cas’s hand moved expertly over his cock.  Fuck, it was so hot.
Cas:  Well spotted, Dean.  Cassie likes you.  You should try again.  I saw what you texted when you were drunk, and I think you might like him as well.  Castiel is my very oldest and dearest friend, and he deserves someone who will love him for who he is.
It took a moment in his bedroom to get them on, then he headed to the guest room so he could spread out.  He closed the door and kept the light off, turning on the bathroom light for a little ambiance.
It was in the automotive section where he got his idea for his next video.  Sure, he felt a little guilty for shoplifting the black satin and lace panties, but he was a man on a mission to make a video, and the thought of thousands of orgasms around the world happening because of what he was doing, fueled his fire.
Dean got on the road early.  He was only a couple of hours away from school, and if got back in time, he could take a nap before he went to meet Benny and Charlie.
They breathed heavily into the kiss, still out of breath, until Dean started to feel his eyelids droop.  He sighed as Cas pulled back and whimpered as he felt him leave the bed, but he returned with a towel and reverently wiped Dean down, cleaning him of all the come before it dried.
He watched a pretty looking brunette approach him, laughing, and touching his arm and standing very close.  Dean frowned, thinking of April again.  Cas was vulnerable as a human and wouldn’t be able to spot an predator if they tried to take advantage of him, like April did.
The were heading to Dean’s mom’s for the weekend so Cas could meet them.  Dean had tried so hard not to build it up, but Cas knew Dean was as nervous as he was. Cas knew it would be fine, any woman who could produce such a fine man as Dean was alright in Cas’s book.  He also couldn’t wait to meet Jo and Ellen, and hang out in a rural gay bar.  Sounded really cool.
Most of the day had passed without a text from Cas.  Not that he was waiting by his phone or anything.  Dean guessed he should should be the one who reached out...but he was pretty embarrassed about the stuff he’d said the night before.  Maybe he could wait until the nighttime- a day of video games and last-minute shopping with Sam would keep him busy.  It was Christmas Eve and Cas was probably...what did rich guys do for Christmas Eve?
Dean laughed and sat up, and kissing the top of Cas’s head.  He’d never been so intimate with someone, to just be close like that, not feeling self-conscience. He swung his legs out of bed, grateful he had stopped drinking after midnight and switched to bottled water.  His mouth tasted funky, but he felt pretty good.
Cas smiled around his mouthful.  That little shit!  He was torturing Dean on purpose!  Not that Dean didn’t deserve it.
He smirked at himself and pulled off the panties and headed for the shower.  After a quick scrub, he dried and pulled a fresh pair of blue panties out of the pocket of his jeans.  He dressed quickly and headed out, pausing to lock the door behind him.  He’d forgotten to mop the jizz off the floor, and the room smelled like sex.  He’d have to clean after they got back from supper.
The bathroom door swung open suddenly and Cas jerked in surprise, folding his wings behind him defensively.
“Okay, we can ride back now, if you really really want to.”  Cas was doing a terrible job at keeping a straight face, and Dean had enough.
Cas cocked his head.  Did Dean mean for him follow, or did he mean the reply that was synonymous with the human expression, ‘give me a break’?  He was unsure how to respond.
He had to watch it.  Getting a boner in these jeans would be very noticable.  It’s not like anyone would really see it in the crowd.  He twisted, shaking his hips, throwing his arms over his head. He looked up at that moment and locked eyes with Dean from far across the room.
He pictured the round globes of Dean’s ass, tight and high in the air, his hole stretched and gaping, waiting to be filled, to be filled by
“No, Dean,” Cas growled, making the hair on Dean’s arms rise.  “I’m not.  I failed at being a angel.  Everything I ever attempted came out wrong.  But here...at least I have a shot at getting things right.  I guess you can’t see it, but...there’s a real dignity in what I do- human dignity.”
“And you’re a hunter in training, remember?”  Dean knew he was reaching, but he didn’t want to leave Cas just yet.  He had to admit he really missed him.
Cas to watch.  He paused and wiggled his pants down under the covers.  If he was going to do it, he might as well do it the way he liked.
Cas was wrapped around Dean, his hands fumbling with the edge of Dean’s t-shirt, slipping his warm fingers inside, running them up his back.  As soon as Cas found skin, he hummed happily.
“I brought you your laptop after Sam left.”  A smile twitched at the corner of his mouth.  “After I cleaned up a little, I thought I needed to see for myself what exactly you’d had done in my truck, Dean.”
“You certainly fooled me,” she said, flipping her red hair over her shoulder.  “I knew you had it bad for him, but with the way you’ve been staring at him, I was sure he’d finally plucked up the courage to hop into bed with you.  My mistake.”  She waved a hand dismissively.  “Nevermind that, I suspect we might have a situation with Dean that Sam will unlikely be willing to help with-”
It didn’t take long before Dean was fully erect, bouncing as Dean writhed around, still in the ruined panties.  Dean reached for it, and Cas batted his hand away.  He wanted to feel Dean come by his hand again, and fuck him through it.
Though Dean just wanted to do it slowly, lovingly, and bring him to the edge by penetrating him the way he did for Dean nearly every day.
Dean was humping the mattress in his fitful sleep.  Cas stroked his hair and laid next to him, now without his sticky boxers.  He was naked in bed with Dean, where he’d wanted to be for nine years, but under bad circumstances.
Cas had come across a ghost report in Muncie, Indiana, a milk run really, and Dean suggested they go and leave him behind so he could tune up Cas’s truck.  They were so shocked that Dean would let them drive Baby without him that they practically ran out of the bunker.
Something was eating at him- maybe if he went back to the motel and jerked off, he could clear his head.  He’d been feeling off, sorta sporting a half-woody since the Love Shack.
“Maybe.  I don’t know.  Yeah.”  Admitting it out loud felt kind of good.  He went on to tell Raphael the entire story, from the kiss to the argument, while liquor inventory was completed and they moved to the stockroom.
Cas froze, turned bright red and started fumbling words again.  “I mean- I um, like when I say that- I um, you know-”
“Hey, Dean,”  Bobby called from a booth.  There’s room over here.” To Dean’s horror, Bobby moved to the other side of the booth with Earl, leaving the remaining seat empty for Cas and Dean.
“A sixty-nine?” Dean surmised, “You don’t have-   Oh, fuuuuuck.”  Cas took Dean in hand and sucked him down expertly.  Dean’s nerves were on fire, his cock throbbing in pleasure.  He needed to distract himself or he’d come.  He grabbed Cas’s hips, lowering them so Cas’s cock was touching his lips.  He licked it, fighting the urge to come and pressed Cas’s hips down until his cock slid into Dean’s mouth.
What the fuck was wrong with him!  He really did need to get laid.  Maybe he’d go drive around until the club opened.  Or…
Dean opened his eyes to Cas kneeling over him, scooping up the cooling come and stroking himself firmly and quickly with it, his mouth open as he raked his eyes over Dean’s prone form, only for a few seconds until he called out Dean’s name and spilled over Dean’s abdomen, softening cock, and chest, the splatters of warm fluid making Dean feel a twinge in his dick, like it wanted to make another appearance.
He withdrew the bottle and laid it with the wrench.  He picked up the mallet and showed it to the camera, grabbing the lube and eyeing it.  He rolled on his stomach and crawled the rest of the way up the hood on his knees, wiggling his lube-dripping asshole at the camera as he positioned the mallet in its head, the handle standing straight up.  After a cursory swipe of lube, he rose to his knees and positioned his hole above the handle and slowly lowered himself onto it.  He moaned and cried out as the blunt and wide handle pushed into him, the rubber feeling different from both the metal and plastic.  It made him feel so full!  He rode it in short thrusts, still not ready to come, considering turning around to face the laptop so the audience would see his cock when he came, when he spied something in the cab of the truck that made him pause.
Dean’s eyes widened fearfully, something Cas hadn’t seen since he felt Lucifer’s angel blade thrust through his chest.  It made him want to grab Dean and hold him tightly, but he just concentrated and forced himself to relax, the power of his grace unfurling his wings again, ready to fight-or-flight.  He usually picked the latter when it came to Dean, leaving was so much easier than feeling the illogical emotions he had for the man.
came through the speakers and Dean cranked it up and pulled away from the curb, squealing his tires as they took off down the street.
“Touch me, fuck, just touch me, please!”  Dean wasn’t one to beg, but he longed for the closeness they shared while they stood in front of the sex shop, Cas leaning into him, making him feel so very needed.
Cas was waiting for him in the library holding his truck keys.  His eyes widened as he watched Dean walk across the room toward him.  Dean swore that Cas’s eyes grew with every step he took.
“Eternity sounds good to me,” Dean whispered, running his hands through Cas’s hair, then down through the small fluffy plumes near where the wings connected to Cas's shoulders.
Cas’s eyes darkened.  “Look at you, just look at you.  So open for me, so much trust, Dean.”  He paused and Dean listened as their breathing synced up.  Cas spoke carefully.  “You love me, don’t you?  No, you don’t have to say anything, I know you do.  I love you too, I always have, since the beginning when I saw your soul in Hell.  Now I know you love me too.”
The thought made his dick twitch hard, poking out of his robe, like a dowsing rod toward the masturbating angel, and Dean swayed as the blood rushed away from his head.
“Exactly.  The Watchers were charged with watching over humanity, but some of them fell in love with humans and mated with them.  Creating the nephilim, which caused major problems, blah blah blah, and here we are.  Castiel is practically an Archangel now, Jack has seen to that, and it seems he has chosen Dean as his mate, but for the life of me I don’t know why he would leave him like this.”
Cas was dressed down for the occasion.  He’d only brought one suit, packed along with the suit he’d bought and had taylored for Dean.  Of course, Dean had complained that it was too expensive, but Cas tutted him and reminded him it was really for Cas’s benefit- Dean’s ass looked amazing in the trousers.  Dean had blushed then smirked and agreed.
“Fucking christ,” Cas squirmed in his chair as he caught a peek of Dean’s puffy red hole, winking and flexing as he moved to pull a condom and packet of lube from his shorts pocket.
Cas brought his wings around to stabilize Dean’s hip as he used his left hand between Dean’s thighs and felt the heat and firmness of his cock.  He made a fist for Dean to push into as he fucked himself back on Cas’s fingers, speeding up and moaning.
“Yeah.  I fell for you. Kerplunk.  Can’t un-fall.  I’m sorry.”  Cas kinda hoped Dean wanted to still have sex even though Cas was being all emotion-y.
Probably the same reason Dean had come looking for him.  They needed each other.  Dean needed Cas like he needed water.  And he’d always been drawn back to him.  It seemed so simple and he felt stupid for not noticing before.
She grinned.  “Sounds like Dean has good taste.  You look handsome in it.  My name is Cindy, if you need anything, just holler-”
“You like that?  You like my hole?   You’re the only one, Cas, the only one who has ever been inside me.  You’ve ruined me, Cas, I’ll only ever want your cock, your thick fucking cock pounding into me, making me yours.”
Dean chuckled.  “Nah, yeah okay, it seems weird when you say it like that, but who hasn’t tried to get off on motel furniture?  Kind of a lonely hunter’s right of passage.”
Cas twisted his fingers and brushed over the bundle of nerves inside Dean and the man cried out, his hole clenching down, and Cas watched as come spurted out of Dean’s slit, the head of his cock swelling and throbbing as he came, his hole clamping down tightly on Cas’s fingers in time with the spurts.
“Charlie Bradbury!” Cas said a bit too loudly. “Come! Sit!  Let us sit and indulge in libations and make merry!”
Dean was speeding up, and Cas gritted his teeth, wanting to wait to come when Dean did so he could feel the way he clenched, like he had around his fingers so tightly as he climaxed.
Dean stood and buttoned his jeans, washing his hands off at the sink.  He couldn’t take much more of it, he’d have to say something.  If he’d learned anything from the last few years, it was that leaving things unsaid was the path to hell.
Dean looked over his shoulder as Cas darted into the bathroom, parted his flies and released his erection, swiftly pulling it until he came sharply into his palm.  He steadied himself without looking at Dean and wiped the come on the towel Dean had been wearing earlier.  Cas put his dick away and went back to the bed and  offered Dean the edge of the bedsheet to wipe himself off.
“That’s what I mean, dear boy.  But luckily, I fixed the spell so it won’t kill you, maybe, but you must keep your winky appeased for the next 12 hours, to expel the potion, so to speak, or there is a slight possibility you will...die.”
“The cuffs Dean?”  Cas asked, his voice sinfully low and hopeful.  Dean shuddered and pulled them out, plus Cas’s giant bottle of lube, from the drawer by the bedside.  He climbed up on the bed slowly, wanting to relish every moment.
“Oof!  Oh Dean,” Cas exclaimed as they collided bodily, the hunter catching the angel before they could fall.
Cas stood by the bar, looking around the club as the bass pulsed on the very crowded dance floor.  He certainly was getting a lot of stares.  He wondered if this was the wisest move, letting Ms. Diamond LaRue surface and drag him into the makeup room.  Sure it was just a little eyeliner, but the reactions from the drag queens coming into work while he was back there raved about how sexy he looked.  They said his eyes were ‘stunning’ and ‘to die for’ and ‘panty soakers’, but the only panties he could think about were the ones Dean was wearing in his mind, prancing around his room, teasing Cas.
“That’s alright, deary,” Rowena, “you keep at it until your arm falls off, or wrap yourself up and let me do what I can to reverse it.”
Cas gasped and resisted grabbing the man’s hips to grind him further down on his cock, already embarrassingly close to coming in his pants.
Dean clasped his hands together and grinned.  “Yes, yes, yes.  Thanks, buddy.”  He slapped Cas’s arm, also noting how he flinched slightly.
He’d darted off to the bathroom, ripping open his pants and jerking himself quickly.  It wasn’t enough, not nearly enough, and he kept picturing sliding down on his knees to suck off Cas instead of what he did with his hand.  He looked around and saw the small shampoo and lotion bottles on the counter.  He quickly spread lotion on his cock and smeared more on the shampoo bottle, making sure the lid was on tight.  Seconds later, he had the bottle crammed in his ass, thrusting it in and out as hard as he could, imagining Cas bending him over the sink and pounding into him.
He filled Sam in about Nick leaving, and made a beeline to Dean’s room.  He got stopped by a few other hunters on his way, answering some questions, anxious to be on his way.
Cas’s eyes took a leisurely journey over the man’s form, drinking in his sandy brown hair, his tan skin, and his freckles- which suddenly he could see a lot more of, now that he’d removed his shirt by ripping the buttons open.  All Cas’s friends were whooping and yelling, apparently loving the show.  But Cas could barely hear them as the man turned and bent over and touched the floor, his tight shorts working into his ass crack under Cas’s lustful eye.
“Please!  I’ll make you hamburgers for dinner, I promise,” Dean put his lip out a tiny bit- it wasn’t playing fair, but he really thought the joke was funny.
He was a little confused by what he found.  “Congratulations”?  Okay, that was weird, even for Cas.  He took the card, his jaw dropping when he saw what was behind it.
They were varied in size, shape, and color.  And Dean knew he’d have to maintain direct, unnerving eye contact with Cas to avoid looking at them.  And looking at Cas in the eye would be so hard knowing that they would be filled with the same hurt that they were when Dean made him leave the bunker.
Dean was mumbling into his pillow and gasping every time Cas pushed his tongue to his hole, until finally Cas stopped teasing and swirled around Dean’s rim, pointing his tongue and pressing in, just a tiny bit.
Dean groaned and pushed back into Cas, grinding his hips to push Cas’s dick deeper into his crack.  It wasn’t enough.
The door opened and closed.  Dean heard the lock twist and felt more than heard Cas walking over to the side of the bed.
“Oh, that’s so beautiful, my sweet mate, my Dean, already ready for me,” Cas panted, stroking and pushing on the base of the plug.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam said smoothly.  “Will you get the rock salt rounds from the ammo room?  Dean threw out his back working in the garage.  I’m going to get him set up with painkillers and we can go again.”
Dean cleared his throat.  “Well the feeling is mutual.  I mean, I know you had to hide from the angel threat, but, uh, wow.  This is some cover.”
Dean opened his mouth, letting Cas’s tongue in, sighing through his nose in what sounded like great relief, and plunging his fingers into Cas’s hair, then wings, near where they met his shoulder blades.  Cas shuddered, as a crash of desire slammed into him, his gut tightening, and he came hard and suddenly, rutting helplessly against Dean, plundering his mouth and clutching his body.  Dean’s fingers tightened around the taught muscles of his wings, and he moaned into Cas’s mouth and rutted back, his cock swelling against Cas’s thigh, the robe having moved, and Cas instinctively reached between them and grasped Dean in his fist, stroking him swiftly, making Dean cry out at the contact and spill over Cas’s fist and onto his tan coat, smearing a wet spot as Dean shuddered through his orgasm, sucking on Cas’s tongue and kissing him sloppily as the last waves of his orgasm moved through him.
Dean rolled his eyes at that.  “Just because you fucked a dude, a stripper at that, don’t make you gay.”
Forgetting the handcuffs, he strode down the hall, slamming Dean’s door open.  Empty.  Hmm.  The guest room.  Where Dean liked to pleasure himself.  The thought was making him harder, pre-come wetting the inside of his pants.
It actually sounded like a great idea.  Being around Sam recently gave him a huge amount of guilt- about Cas, about tricking Sam, about the angel renting a room in Sam’s head.  He was sure Kevin would be fine, and he could use the time off.
Cas shook his head.  They both knew the answer to that: yes, yes Gabe would lie to Cas, he did it all the time.  Usually under the guise of ‘brotherly help’.  But it was really just interference for the sake of his own amusement, and often at Cas’s expense.
He had watched a few more pegging videos that night, coming so hard he saw stars.  So of course, the next time he had time on his hands, he just clicked on whatever was in ‘suggested videos’ on his page.
Cas saw what little Michael let him see when he was possessed.  He saw Dean drowning, crying for help, crying Cas’s name in the darkness.  He saw the color and shape and texture of Dean’s fears, fear of being alone, fear of hurting those he loved, fear of never being enough.
Dean just snorted and moved to the other side of the divider.  “Huh, here’s your problem, if you had lube, you’d probably be fine.  You have any?”  He sounded like he was diagnosing a car problem.
Dean nodded and let go of his covers and let Cas pull them away, revealing Dean’s naked and sweat-soaked form, his cock standing at attention, as if he had not already ejaculated several times.  Cas hummed.
He shoved the panties in his pocket, grabbed the angel-proof handcuffs, and headed to the bunker stairs.  Maybe if he got a hotel for a few days or something, he’d be okay.
Cas shook his head and headed to the small bathroom.  Dean wondered why they even had one in a store like that.  It was just asking to be jerked off in.
So he sat in his honor chair, waiting for the “big surprise” that Gabriel had bragged about with some of his co-workers, his friends Charlie and Meg, and Castiel himself, swearing that the surprise was absolutely
Sam huffed a laugh.  “You know, I used to really like dragons- I thought they were like unicorns, though.  But now, not so much.  Shame about unicorns.”
Cas:  You aren’t flirting with me, are you, Dean? Because I hear you have brilliant... what was the phrase Cassie used?  Ah yes.  Eyes as green as a lush mountain forest.  And I do love green eyes.
in his hole.  Cas batted his hand away and used his own fingers to rub slow circles around Dean’s hole, pressing but not penetrating.
“Charlie Bradbury!” Cas said a bit too loudly. “Come! Sit!  Let us sit and indulge in libations and make merry!”
“Oh, yeah, I wasn’t supposed to- fuck!”  Dean rubbed his face.  “I promised not to tell, but the angel Ezekiel is posted up in Sam’s body healing him from the trials.  Sam didn’t exactly...know he was saying yes to the possession...and I tricked him.  And now, Zeke won’t leave- I mean, it’s not a bad thing, he did save you when April stabbed you-”
Cas cupped his hands around Dean’s face and hummed, the understood reply lost in the tide of another soft kiss.
“Are you pleasuring yourself?”  Cas had rolled over to his side, and Dean could just make out his eyes in the dark.
“Ah-ha,” Raphael said finally.  “I know what it’s missing.  Come on, sugar, we’re going to make you pretty.”
He had stood there, naked, hair dripping, when he remembered he was supposed to meet Sam and Dean to interview a witness to the possible vengeful spirit killing.   He’d tried to yank his cock out, but it wouldn’t budge.  He was unsure if using his grace would demolish the room divider.  The lube was too far away, and when he pulled, it only made it worse.  So he pushed all the way in thinking it would be better, but now he had a raging hard on and was stuck.
Cas pulled out of his mouth, and turned around, straddling Dean’s head again and hanging onto the headboard.  Dean got the picture and guided Cas’s cock back into his mouth, setting the pace, then relinquishing control, letting Cas fuck his face, thrusts shallow enough so Dean didn’t choke.
Cas shushed him and Dean could feel the blunt tip of Cas’s cock brush against his hole.  Dean moaned and dropped his face into the pillow, keeping his hips high.  Cas rubbed his tip back and forth, along Dean’s crack, teasing the hole, waiting for Dean to relax.  Finally, there was pressure, so much pressure, Dean felt like he would split in two, and Cas’s cock head popped in.  It felt so fucking big, and Dean pushed back, letting it in further.
he thought idly, rubbing his face into the cotton pillowcase.  His clothing seemed to be rough and harsh against his skin, so he paused and yanked his jeans off, then his t shirt, burrowing down into Cas’s bedding, piling the blankets on top of himself until he felt like he was surrounded by Cas’s sweet scent.  He moaned again.
“Oh, yeah, okay, um...let me get-” Dean caught himself before he said ‘get dressed’ and sat up.  “Get ready.  Give me a sec, I’ll be right out.”
Cas tilted his head, squinting, reminding Dean of a confused puppy.  He fought an impulse to kiss the look off his face.
Dean groaned.  He’d just have to do it to Cas to explain what the hell they were talking about to Sam.
“Oh, fuck, it’s torture,” Dean moaned, stroking Cas’s hair and watching him suck Dean back down.  “I just want you to fuck me.”
“You asshole,” Dean panted, standing on his own finally.  Cas shrugged and opened the bunker.  Dean hobbled past him, rushing to the showers to pull the damn thing out.  He was exhausted.
The vibrating slowed and Dean held still while Cas slowly worked the toy out of Dean’s hole.  He whined when it was gone, feeling empty only for a moment until Cas pushed the tip of a much larger object into his asshole.  Dean looked back and gasped as he was breached, laughing and moaning as the large purple plug was twisted back and forth until Cas worked it in past the enormous bulb and the flare sat snugly against Dean’s swollen entrance.  He wiggled his hips,  groaning as it nudged his prostate, and watched the screen as Cas unbuttoned Dean’s shirt and pulled it off him, unbuckled his belt and pulled his slacks down, lifting a leg at a time and letting Cas take his shoes and socks off as the pants were pulled off.  Cas reached over and slapped Dean’s ass again, rubbing and squeezing his cheeks, massaging them and slapping them again.  Dean spread his legs wider, his cock aching for release, soaking the panties.
Cas felt a swell of love for the man threaten to overtake him.  He felt his cheeks flush, ashamed that only a few words would have so much affect on him.  He was angry at himself for allowing Dean to have so much power over him, and simultaneously wanted it and didn’t want it.  It was confusing and frustrating to have so many human emotions at one time.  So he settled on anger.
Dean stumbled on the stairs and looked back.  Cas had half a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eye.
“Castiel, you have left Dean in quite a state.  Return at once and mate him, or there will be dire consequences!”  She flicked her manicured fingers at the angel restraints and they easily fell open.
The witch had caught them off guard- they had been called by Bobby and Mary earlier that day to assist with what looked like a nest of vampires, but turned out to be just one over-enthusiastic witch with a fetish for Albanian youth spells.  She drained her victims of their blood and left the corpses in roadside ditches, not caring if they were found.  She apparently believed herself so strong that she was practically begging to be found.
It had happened accidentally the first time.  Dean was still in Michael’s clutches when Cas took to spending time in Dean’s room watching movies and sitting on his bed.  He’d decided to get comfortable and had stripped down to his boxers, snuggling down in Dean’s comforter and sniffing Dean’s smell off it.  He felt like crying nearly constantly, and it became a nightly thing, quietly closing himself in Dean’s room to watch movies and hold Dean’s pillow and wrap himself in Dean’s smell.
Cas sighed happily and sucked on Dean’s neck.  “Guess not,” he mumbled between kisses.  Dean arched his neck so Cas could reach behind his ear, and thrust his hips up a little, his own cock not as quick to recover.  Cas decided he needed Dean to catch up.
Dean smiled dopily up at him as Cas placed a towel under his hips.  Might as well be prepared, he thought.
He shuddered and came quickly, thrusting hard and stilling.  It felt so good, and he laid in the afterglow, relaxing his body and thinking about Dean.
He flipped off the light and stumbled a little finding the door to the room, then slipped out and headed for his room, smiling broadly to himself.  This was an excellent plan.  He really hoped Dean liked his gift.
Cas smiled.  He felt really good.  Really very good.  Too bad he probably couldn’t get Dean to jerk him off every day.  “Yeah, let’s go.”
Dean snapped back to the present, eyes never leaving their target.  “Four victims suddenly exploded.  I tried EMF.  I’ve looked for hex bags, sulfur- nada.”
Benny chuckled at Charlie’s stunned but gleeful look.  “Calm down sis, he only gets like this when he’s tore up drunk.  Starts speakin’ in ye olde English.  It’s hilarious.”
What the fuck was wrong with him!  He really did need to get laid.  Maybe he’d go drive around until the club opened.  Or…
Cas blushed. “I want to remember what he looks like sometimes.  He...was kidnapped and  gone for several months and we didn’t know where he was.  It was very helpful to get through that time to have photos of him.  But he’s home now, and I want to get him a gift...something that will make him happy.”
“Let’s get this over with,” Dean mumbled, towel-drying his hair swiftly.  He’d shaved and looked pink from all the scrubbing.  He smelled so familiar and amazing that Cas suddenly wanted to put his hands all over him just to make sure he was real.  He crossed his arms instead.  Dean was staring.
Dean waited for Cas to move, open the door, knock of Dean’s hand- something, but he stood still, his arm going slack as he leaned a little into Dean’s hand.  Dean’s heart seemed to flutter out of sync and he moved closer, pulling the fallen angel to his chest instinctively.  He wrapped his arms around Cas, and supported his weight as he sank into Dean’s embrace.
A quick shower later and he was dumping his ruined panties and jeans in the washer.  He’d take a quick nap and get his laundry after.  He fell into a deep, relaxed sleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
“I didn’t sleep with Balthazar,” Cas blurted.  Dean blinked.  Cas clarified.  “I mean I was going to, it has been
“I know,” Dean said, “but I just have this need, this insane desire for you to come in me, like I can’t think of anything else I want more in this whole universe.”
Dean cut him off with a kiss.  Cas relaxed and sighed into Dean’s mouth.  Dean pulled back, staring him straight in the eye.
Dean realized he’d been externalizing his internal monologue.  Well, fuck it, they were all friends.
Dean was flailing an arm toward his bedside table blindly, grunting as Cas sucked him, his breathing coming out in small gasps.
Dean scrolled back through the messages and reread everything.  Cas liked him?  Fuck, he felt stupid.  He’d told a guy that liked him about getting a handjob from some random dude.  That was messed up.
and sat his computer on top of a cart pointed at the front of the truck.  He put his bottle of lube handy and laid a socket wrench, a new bottle of brake fluid with a long neck, and a rubber mallet with a long handle on a folded shop towel on the hood.  He hit record and leaned over the hood spreading his legs and pulling the panties aside, using his slick fingers to rub circles on his entrance.  It had been getting easier to put his fingers in as time went on, he figured it had to be muscle memory.  Dean pushed both fingers in at once, moaning for effect, and looking back over his shoulder to watch himself on the computer screen.
, a rare first edition, most likely found by Uncle Bobby- he loved to collect old books.  This one was in excellent condition for its age, and he couldn’t wait to re-read it.
Cas could of died.  That freak- that angel with the weird vaporizing mojo- had Cas in his crosshairs, and Dean almost missed the clue that sent him back there.
Dean was glad they’d already came once, because he would have come embarrassingly fast  He was making all sorts of noises, Cas’s skin slapping into his filling the room.
Cas’s finger pushed further, the tight silky heat swallowing him up easily.  Dean grabbed the base of his cock and squeezed, making the head pop clearly out of the panties.
Then the knob became Cas’s fat cock, thrusting into Dean again and again, making his thighs shake and tremble.  Dean let go of his cock, gripping the backrest with both hands and fucking down hard on the knob, going faster.  He realized he was about to come, so he pulled off and turned again, facing the camera and pushing the knob in again, pressing his prostate firmly and gripping the dash with both hands, coming explosively, hitting the radio, the dashboard, the windshield.  His ass rippled around the knob over and over, a shrill sound piercing the air.  He realized he was screaming in ecstasy, and rolled his hips, causing another wave of pleasure to hit him, making his cock pump out two more spurts of come.   In his thrall, the song had ended and it was silent in the cab as he had come, the only sounds were the sounds of sex, and moans falling from Dean’s lips as he came down.
Cas sighed.  He poked the bottle through another hole and squirted lube directly on his cock, hoping the cold would shrink him a little. He pushed in and out a little, hoping to just yank it out quickly, but it felt so good, it just got thicker.  He let out a soft moan and hissed when it was too tight to get out.
There was no balloon this time, no card, it just simply sat there, larger than the one Dean had been using, and begging to be crammed up his ass.
Cas turned to face the wall.  “Get dressed.  I honestly don’t mind you masturbating in my room, Dean, on occasion I have used your room for such activities when you were away.”
“Yeah,” Dean responded too quickly, his palms starting to sweat.  He licked his lip, watching Cas’s eyes flick down to follow.  “I mean, my dates end when I run out of singles, but, uh, yeah.  Yeah, that’s something that...humans do.”
Cas licked his lips.  He could smell the man in front of him, cedar, ocean, musk, and watched greedily as a small bead of sweat worked its way down his torso as he undulated his hips to the music. Cas struggled not to lean over and taste it.
Dean felt Cas’s mind slide into his as the angel spoke, and he grinned as Cas’s pupils quickly dilated.
Dean smiled, eyes closed, half asleep.  Cas wasn’t worried anymore.  He would be able to wait for Dean to be ready again.  He rolled them again, and slid out of Dean’s worn hole, touching it with a finger to make sure it was uninjured.  It was loose and wet, and Cas reached for a towel to mop them up a little.  He found a water bottle by the bedside, and helped Dean get some sips. Dean smiled and hummed, finally opening his eyes again.
He felt safe when he shut and locked the door to the hideaway, shaking away the worry about Cas.  Cas really didn’t think of him that way, right?  It was really embarrassing, he’d jerked off his friend to help him out of a tight spot, but then had to jerk himself off in the bathroom because it turned him on so much.  Then he got busted fucking himself in Cas’s bed, and Cas acted like it was no big deal.  Had gotten him a safer alternative than the snowglobe, in fact.  It seemed like the angel was unflappable, just comfortable with whatever freakish thing Dean could come up with.
Dean chuckled.  “Yeah, maybe, but this time it’s true.  Fuck, you’re huge, I want to ride your cock and make myself come again, can I do that?”  He rolled his hips just so, and Cas could feel when Dean found his prostate by how he tightened and whimpered.
Cas’s face turned bright red and he stormed out of the room.  Dean rubbed a hand down his face.  Stupid stupid stupid!  Why couldn’t he just keep his damn mouth shut?
Cas wrinkled his nose.  “Dairy products are not in the ‘good choices’ category.  I’m only making good choices now!”  He put the shot back on her tray.  “Away with yee, lovely wench!” he called with grandiosity.  Then a little quieter, “Can you bring me some water?”
Cas:  I’m Cas’s oldest friend.  We were in school together, and our very annoying parents have been friends for decades.
“I’m an idiot,” Dean said to himself, stuffing the shirt back in the bag.  Even though Dean had done the cruelest thing possible by kicking Cas out, he still took a piece of Dean with him.  Something that
Cas smiled tightly at Sam and watched him practically sprint out of the bunker, leaving Cas standing there not knowing what to do, and dealing with his own serious, raging hard on.
The smell was delicious and made his knees weak.  There was Dean, laying in Cas’s bed, nested in all his blankets, moaning and sweating.
Cas was already pouncing, covering Dean with his whole body, pressing him firmly down, hissing in his ear.
Cas decided he liked it very much when Dean called him baby.  He pulled out a little, just to push in more.  Dean was taking his cock surprisingly well, but Cas figured this was because Dean was his mate, his true mate, and they should fit together like puzzle pieces.
“Yes, Dean.  I will mate you.  I take you apart, bring you to orgasm three times, and I mount you and bite you, marking you as mine, filling you up with my seed, mating you for forever.”
Cas lapped at Dean’s hole. Running a pointed tongue around his rim, pressing and pressing until the muscle relaxed enough to push the tip in.
“Yeah, thanks man, I’m fine.  Just wrenched something.”  His blush flared brighter when he said ‘wrench’.
He hummed to himself and locked the door, unbuckling his jeans.  He had lube and a couple of condoms with him (he wasn’t a savage), and he got to work.
“Especially since your skills include doing amazing things to my ass, yeah, they are a good thing to have.”
Dean huffed a laugh, his breath hot on Cas’s erection.  It twitched in his hand, and pre-come dribbled out.  Dean automatically lapped it up.  It was bitter, a little different from his own, but not bad.  He lapped at it again, swirling his tongue around the crown, glancing up at Cas, who had propped himself on his elbows to watch.
“A sixty-nine?” Dean surmised, “You don’t have-   Oh, fuuuuuck.”  Cas took Dean in hand and sucked him down expertly.  Dean’s nerves were on fire, his cock throbbing in pleasure.  He needed to distract himself or he’d come.  He grabbed Cas’s hips, lowering them so Cas’s cock was touching his lips.  He licked it, fighting the urge to come and pressed Cas’s hips down until his cock slid into Dean’s mouth.
The night moved swiftly, the dance floor opening up for champagne and the countdown to midnight.  Dean and Cas were in the middle of the dance floor, already kissing when the ball dropped, lost in their own little world.
He could tell Cas wasn’t fooled for a minute.  But his shoulders sagged and he turned back to Dean from his cleaning.  “All right, my shift’s over in five minutes, and my date’s not until later, so…”
Cas pulled out gingerly, and turned them so he could lay down.  Dean whimpered, and moved with him until he was straddling Cas’s thighs.
Dean looked terrified.  “You mean he could still be in here?” He clutched his arms and squeezed himself, looking around the room as if Michael would pop out like a horror movie monster and swallow him whole.
Dean finally got out of the Impala and walked to the door, looking around guiltily more out of habit than anything, and slipped in the door.  Cas was waiting on a man, placing a large purple vibrator into a black plastic bag, tossing in what looked like a few packets of lube.
“My Grace is gone.  What did you expect?  Do you have any idea how hard it was?  When I fell to Earth, I didn’t just lose my powers.  I - I had nothing.”  The implications behind that statement had Dean wanting to crawl in a hole.  “Now...I’m a sales associate.”  The pride in his voice was painful to hear.
“Day-um, sweetie, what have you got on,” Raphael was behind the bar, inventory sheet in hand when Cas walked in.  “I swear, you surprise me constantly.”  He shook his head and pulled a bottle of Glen McKenna down and got two tumblers.  Cas watched him pour three fingers for them each, smiling in amusement.  Raphael was dressed in a t shirt and jeans, crooked ball cap on his head.
Dean moaned and sped his hand up, cupping his own balls with his free hand.  It was hot, thinking of all the things that Cas could do to him, all of the naughtiest, dirtiest, sexiest things- but somehow, it was the image of Cas dragging his nuts gently across Dean’s face that had him arching off the bed and coming hard onto his stomach.
, and him alone.  He remembered how Dean had looked at him over his shoulder, ass in the air, like he was waiting to be mated.
Dean heard the line over and over, in Cas’s deep gravelly voice, as he slowly opened his pants, pulling them down to his knees and sitting back against his headboard.  His boxer briefs came down as well, and he ended up kicking them completely off.  Then his shirt came off over his head.
Fuck!  He needed to turn his brain off.  He swallowed another three fingers of Glen Mckenna and set his tumbler down.
Dean felt the plug being removed, and slowly, a larger one was worked in.  Dean was sweating and writhing, the different state of pleasure he was in was amazing.  Cas resumed the blowjob, seeming to know exactly how to suck, how Dean liked it, even when to twist with his hand.
“I did claim you, Dean, and I thought you felt the same way, but you were always just out of reach.  I was satisfied to live the rest of my existence just being near you, that being enough, but it weighed on my heart.  Now that I have you, it would destroy me for you to reject me again.”
He staggered to the shower, every step an agony of pleasure.  He leaned to turn the faucet and cried out as the plug pressed on his prostate again.  He gave up and bent over the sink, grasping his cock and stroking it, wishing to god that when he looked up in the mirror, that Cas would be standing behind him, pounding into him, making him come.  Cas was nowhere to be seen, so Dean closed his eyes and pictured the angel, fingers gripping into his hips, growling voice in his ear, and Dean came with Cas’s name on his lips, for what seemed like the hundredth time that week.
Cas was dressed down for the occasion.  He’d only brought one suit, packed along with the suit he’d bought and had taylored for Dean.  Of course, Dean had complained that it was too expensive, but Cas tutted him and reminded him it was really for Cas’s benefit- Dean’s ass looked amazing in the trousers.  Dean had blushed then smirked and agreed.
Fuck!  He needed to turn his brain off.  He swallowed another three fingers of Glen Mckenna and set his tumbler down.
Dean lay there in a pool of his own come and lube, panties still stretched around his cock and balls, hole empty and clenching around nothing, back completely shot, and wondering what he was going to do about his newfound need to get fucked by his best friend.
Cas spun on his heel and walked out the door.  Dean always had to have the last word, and he did in this case.  Somehow it felt hollow.
“Hole-lover69 from Michigan wants me to stuff you.”  Cas grinned down at him, wadding up the silk fabric.
“I’m going to use a set of plugs to stretch you, Dean, I’ll use lube, but they might be a little cold.”
When Cas came to, Dean was wiping him down with a wet warm washcloth.  Humming and touching him so carefully, carefully wiping the come from Cas’s wings.
“Oh my god,” Dean called out wildly.  Cas pressed in a finger with his tongue, working it in and out, using spit as lube, working it in deeper.  Dean could feel he was close to his prostate.  His cock was drooling a non-stop string of precome on his belly.  Cas pressed two fingers in, Dean groaning at the burn of the stretch, but rocking into Cas’s hand anyway.  Cas twisted his fingers, and licked Dean’s shaft at the same time, pressing his prostate firmly as he swallowed Dean in one go, the ridges of the roof of Cas’s mouth being the triggering factor of Dean’s explosive orgasm.  His hearing went out for a second, and he knew he was being loud, but he didn’t care, the waves of pleasure from Cas’s fingers and mouth was unbelievable.  He’d never come so hard or long before.  It was incredible.  He relaxed and let Cas lower his legs, crawl up him again, and kiss his mouth.  Dean tasted himself in the kiss, and sucked on Cas’s tongue.
“For now,” Rowena said, taking her book and returning it to her bag.  “I’m afraid there will be lingering side-effects, but I’m sure you'll manage.” She winked at Cas.
“Maybe.  I don’t know.  Yeah.”  Admitting it out loud felt kind of good.  He went on to tell Raphael the entire story, from the kiss to the argument, while liquor inventory was completed and they moved to the stockroom.
“Dean,” he whispered before pulling Dean onto his lap and kissing him, hard.  Dean moaned into his mouth, shamelessly rubbing his cock on Cas’s deflating one.  Cas thrust upward, licking down Dean’s neck, his hands roaming to squeeze Dean’s ass hard, grinding their hips together.  Dean arched his back, and called out Cas’s name, lost in the feeling of the angel’s hands pulling the robe away until Dean was naked in Cas’s truck again, this time straddling him in the driver’s seat.  Cas slid his hand down the length of Dean’s tailbone, pushing against his swollen asshole.  Dean tried to spear himself on Cas’s fingers, but Cas pulled away.  Dean looked down into Cas’s eyes, breathing hard.  The phone behind him made a noise, and he turned to look at it.  There on the screen was a close up of Dean’s asshole as he pushed nearly all four fingers into himself, right there on the seat of the truck they were sitting on.
Cas slipped out from behind him and turned so Dean couldn’t see how aroused he was, and slid them off .  He sat back down, now only in his boxers, and put the pillow back.
“Actually,” Cas said before she could walk away, “I’m a bit in over my head here.  Perhaps a suggestion?”
Cas wrinkled his nose.  “Dairy products are not in the ‘good choices’ category.  I’m only making good choices now!”  He put the shot back on her tray.  “Away with yee, lovely wench!” he called with grandiosity.  Then a little quieter, “Can you bring me some water?”
Dean’s door was slightly cracked open when Cas arrived.  He rapped his knuckles on it, swinging it open to an empty room.  His stomach swooped in panic until he saw that Dean’s robe was missing from the back of the door of his closet.  He must have already made it to the showers.  He shut his eyes and felt around for Dean, the familiar brightness of his soul like a beacon calling Cas, and he felt Dean nearby, in the shower, bathing himself.  There were waves of anger roiling off Dean as he scrubbed himself harshly, shame and guilt tarnishing the brightness of his soul.
Dean grinned wickedly and pushed the crown past his lips, pausing to lick the length of it so he could slide on easier.  Cas was trying to hold still, the gasps and groans letting Dean know he was doing well.  It wasn’t that hard, just suck it like he liked it.  He paused and used his hand so he could tongue at Cas’s slit, liking how the precome pulsed against his tongue, Cas howling out, hands scrabbling at Dean’s shoulders.
Cas was breathing heavily, and he draped himself over Dean, kissing the back of his neck, mumbling praise to Dean as he pushed in steadily, seeming to go on forever, until Dean felt Cas’s pelvis connect with the back of his thighs.  Cas paused for a moment to let Dean get used to the size, it really was huge, and then began to rock into him, only sliding out a little.
There were several factors, of course.  First of all, seeing Cas after having to kick him out of the bunker was making Dean feel like the biggest jerk in the world, and secondly, seeing him working like an average schmo was just so fucking strange.
Dean gasped, stroking his cock a little, giving it some relief.  Cas looked so beautiful, all presented to Dean, so vulnerable.  And he was volunteering to give up his grace to feel what it was like to get fucked by his mate!
Dean finally opened the door, come streaks still sort of visible on his slacks, but the erection had been clearly taken care of.
Cas huffed and rolled his eyes.  “No, Dean.  It’s not.  Nora- she’s a very nice woman, I’m pretty sure she’s not a reaper intent on killing me,” he said glibly, “and she’s asking me out.  Going on dates- that’s something humans do, right?”
Notice how Rowena is more of a Deus ex Machina than the actual Deus?  Cause she's a badass fucking Queen, fight me
Cas bit his lip and scrambled out of Dean’s bed.  He grabbed the offered water, looking at Dean’s pebbled nipples and growling.
The rest of the night was normal, yet there seemed to be this new level of comfort with him and Cas.  Dean wondered what it meant.
Dean flopped down on his bed, glad to have the bunker to himself for the first time in forever.  Sam and Jack were on a case, and Cas was following a lead on Michael’s location.  All the hunters that were usually there had other places to be, so Dean volunteered to take a day off.
Cas attacked his mouth again, pushing him flat to the mattress and kissing him sloppily, laughing, covering Dean’s body with his own.  Dean revelled in the feeling.
Nora smiled broadly and handed Cas a bottle of spray bleach.  “Oh, and tonight, 7:00 at my place work for you?”
Cas talked as usual, relaying the information about Michael’s possible whereabouts.  Dean was fine with that, and soon the embarrassment left and he put the burgers on the grill.
Everything had seemed like such a good idea at the time.  Texting Cas in the first place- good idea.  Getting a handjob in a seedy hometown gay bar- good idea.  Getting wasted and texting Cas about aforementioned handjob- awesome idea.  The logic of why he would do such a thing was beyond his grasp in the light of day.  He remembered the whole conversation; he couldn’t claim a blackout- but it was yet another point on the scorecard in the column that said ‘stop drinking.’  It was guaranteed to make him do stupid things, and knowing his genetics, he was doomed to become an alcoholic like his father.
He could at least try and get the panties off.  Rather Sam find him completely nude than in women’s underwear.
“And about damn time too!”  Ellen exclaimed.  “If you could have heard how he mooned over that woman when she married your dad- I swear.  I never measured up, but I hardly cared.  We got to have Jo, then I met the love of my life.”  She nodded over at Pam who was leaning over the bar, reading a man’s palm and laughing with him.  Pam was awesome.  She seemed to feel eyes on her and looked up, giving Ellen a wink.  Ellen rolled her eyes and blushed.  “That woman will be the death of me.”
“You want me to fuck you?” He growled.  Dean nodded fervently.  “You need me to prep you more?  Because I don’t want to hurt you, or anything.”
“I need too…” Dean’s face dropped and he looked down at his hands.  “I need to say I’m sorry.  For everything.  I...I know I had to do what I did to save Jack and kill Lucifer, but...I know it, uh, must have been a bitch for you to see that.  So, I’m sorry.”
It was New Year’s Eve, and Cas wanted to kiss someone at midnight.  That someone was Dean Winchester, and even if they were mad at each other, even if they hated each other, he was going to get Dean to come over and kiss him.  Somehow.
Dean looked up at him.  “Maybe I want you to come.  I want to know what that’s like,” Dean shrugged, licking at Cas’s tip, enjoying how it made him twitch and cry out weakly.
It had been so long since he’d gotten off really really well.  It was hard to do when people seemed to always be in and out of every room.  And the showers, forget about it,there was no privacy.  It might as well have been a circle jerk when Earth 2’s hunters were in there, and Dean even interrupted Sam in there once.  He’d started taking showers in the East wing, in the small guest room ensuite, finally getting some privacy.
“Fuck, oh yeah, baby right there! Fuck me harder! Yeah, make me come!  Oh fuck!”  Dean screamed as his orgasm exploded, his cock splattering release all over the screen of the laptop.  Comments were flowing in, the pinging of comments under Dean fueling his pleasure.  Cas hammered away, slamming into Dean’s prostate over and over until he shouted and filled Dean, pumping hot come into him.  Slowly, Cas pulled all the way out, come still dripping from him, and pushed it back in.  Dean felt him pull out and gather the come with the tip of his dick and try to push it all back inside him.  Dean was floating.  He felt Cas pull away and move the laptop, talking to the camera.
Cas thought for a moment and moved to sit at the head of  the bed with his legs open in a V.  He sat a pillow in his lap and he motioned for Dean to sit with his chest to Cas’s back.  Dean struggled into position and sighed when he laid back.  He was now sitting on the plug, so he started rocking his hips, nudging his prostate as he did.  Cas wrapped a lube-slicked hand around Dean’s cock, an electric current shooting up his arm from the contact, and he stroked quickly and efficiently, bringing Dean to orgasm almost mechanically.
He opened his eyes.  Dean was staring up at him with pure adoration, open and present.  Cas gasped and blinked.  He wanted so much for it to be love that Dean was showing him, and maybe he was fooling himself, but it looked like it, and…
enjoy his gift?”  she asked, coming up to see what Cas was looking at.  He was in a different aisle all together- the one with penetrative novelties and fleshlights.
Dean plunged his fingers into the feathers, kissing Cas again, pulling him back on top, lining his cock back up, ready to penetrate Dean one final time.  Cas felt his grace pulse, hard, and he steadied himself and looked down at the man he was about to make his.
Dean gasped and grasped Cas by the sides of his face and opened his mouth so Cas could swipe his tongue in.  He tasted himself on Dean’s lips, and he moaned into the kiss, swept away by the sounds and smells and tastes of Dean.  He pistoned his hips and kissed Dean, feeling the pleasure mount as he slid over the textured bump of Dean’s prostate.  Dean’s cock was dripping again, and Cas pounded into him harder.  Dean was whimpering and clutching Cas, lifting his hips in tandem with Cas’s thrusts.
“You asked for it,” Dean grinned happily.  He pulled out again, and slammed back in, repeating the motion as Cas cried out in pleasure.  Dean found a pace, moving slightly, trying to find the angle-
But if he mated Dean, Dean would be bound to him for eternity, even after he died.  Cas would follow Dean to Heaven, but only if Dean wanted him to.  And Cas knew he wouldn’t.  There was still a chance that Dean wanted to marry and have kids with a female human, so Cas couldn’t be stuck trailing along after him, having to watch Dean be happy with someone else.  He’d done it once before, watching Dean from afar with Lisa and Ben, and he refused to do it again.  It hurt too much to see Dean with anyone else.
They spent the day in the bead, touching and kissing, gentle, as the urgency of the mating ritual dissipated.
In one movement, Cas was wrapped around Dean, encasing him in his arms, then his wings.  They tingled at the contact, and waves of pleasure rolled through Cas unexpectedly.  He began to feel his penis start to harden.  He started to pull back in embarrassment, but Dean followed, pulling him closer, lining their bodies up and burying his face in Cas’s neck.  Cas’s erection pressed firmly into Dean’s hip, but the man didn’t seem to care or notice, and Cas felt both light as air and solid as stone as Dean melted in his arms.  Dean pushed his leg between Cas’s and nearly straddled it, and Cas felt Dean’s hard cock press there, desire coming off of him in waves, blue and white, rose pink and red.
“Fucking christ, that’s so hot,” Dean’s cock was already making a valliant effort at standing up again.
Cas stood in shock as Jack hugged Dean, welcoming him back to the bunker.  Dean glanced over, meeting Cas’s eyes, a flash of guilt lighting them before they darted away.
“You asshole,” he mumbled when Cas started the engine.  “Don’t try and be cute and take the long way home.”
Dean’s body seemed to blush all at once, and the blood shot to his groin in a rush so fast he had to yank at the front of his jeans to adjust himself.
Cas sighed loudly and flopped down in the chair in the center of the room.  It was the supposed seat of honor, but Cas didn’t feel the least bit honored to be there.  He was 24 hours away from making a huge mistake- getting married to a woman that reminded him too much of his mother.
Dean got pissed.  That guy had said he was the one that got away, but Cas was still sleeping with him?  What the fuck?  He knew it was fishy that the guy had Cas’s phone.  They had been in bed together!
He got in position on the bed, on all fours, looking through the gap in his knees to see the mirror behind himself.  He popped the cap on the lube and slathered the tip with it and wiped the excess on his already throbbing hole.
“Okay, I’m sorry I’ll leave you alone- I just wanted to see if you would like to go get food- everyone is headed to the Lebanon diner.”
Rowena clicked her tongue and placed a hand on Dean’s fevered head.  Sam had called her as soon as they had returned to the bunker, needing help to identify the substances that spilled on Dean.  She said it was at least two potions, and they needed to get him cleaned off before she could assess the damage.  Cas and Rowena were left in the library while Sam helped Dean into the shower.  There was silence while Rowena shuffled through her bag for something and Cas fiddled with the page of a book sitting on the table.
“Perhaps if I masturbate you while you stimulate your prostate, we can expel any built up potion.  An orgasm from your prostate produces more semen, so that might help.”
It was after 2am when Crowley picked them up, Benny and Charlie singing drunken country songs in the back, Dean and Cas in the middle seats, and some drunk good-looking red headed woman smoking a joint with Crowley in the front seat. Dean swore he heard Crowley call her ‘mother’ at some point, but he was still pretty buzzed.  They’d danced off most of the alcohol, and rolled into the frat house around three, around the same time a couple of the other dudes were getting back- those who weren’t still on vacation.
“Not before we drive it around though, right?”  Dean grinned at Cas, finally getting a smile out of him.
Cas’s eyebrow quirked.  “I see.  You like to penetrate yourself.  The muscles here seem to yield to my fingers with familiarity.  Right here-”  Dean arched and shouted as Cas pressed and rubbed over his prostate, pressing the base of Dean’s cock with his thumb.  “That is your prostate.  Some men prefer its stimulation over the penis, and with good reason.  I have tried this on myself, with various devices, but I prefer the act of penetration.”  Dean couldn’t speak, the waves of pleasure pulling him under as Cas pushed in a second finger.  “There’s something about firmly pressing my penis- well, most of the literature I have read says men prefer the term ‘cock’ or ‘dick’ over penis, so I shall say cock, okay?”  Dean was incoherent as he came.  It was like he was riding the crest of a wave, but the wave wasn’t breaking as Cas held the base of his cock firmly.
“No!” Dean was moving back over to him.  “You’ll just get your hand stuck.”  he looked away, seeming to ponder something.  “I could always...help out.”
“Would the two of you like to be alone, I mean we can all go home if you’d like,”  Ms. Diamond Larue was standing above them in her floor-length sparkling silver gown and very tall blonde wig.  Apparently the show had started while Cas was flirting with Dean.  The audience hooted and whistled.  Dean smiled broadly up at her and stood, taking Diamond’s hand and kissing it like a gentleman.
Cas slid into his seat, staring curiously at Dean.  Dean did his best not to look back at him.  If he did, all he’d be able to think about is that damn look on his face when he came with Dean’s hand on him.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.”  Cas whispered. He cleared his throat.  “I’m not feeling well, Dean, just go on without me!”
The pressure of the head of Cas’s cock popping through the ring of muscle was intense, but Dean breathed through it and Cas watched him carefully as he slowly slid in.  Cas wasn’t kidding!  He felt so much bigger than the plugs, but the heat and smoothness of his flesh was so much better, Dean could feel Cas throb inside him, going slow as to not hurt Dean, but also Cas seemed to be struggling not to come.
Dean glowered at him and reached an arm out to be pulled into a standing position.  The abrupt move upward and the friction of his jeans against his dick coupled with Cas’s body suddenly so close made him gasp, and he moaned loudly and blew his load in his jeans, clutching to Cas to keep from falling over.  The waves of the orgasm went on for forever, and Cas simply held Dean up as he came, snorting with laughter.
Dean shook his head, running his tongue up the middle of Cas’s sack, sucking one ball into his mouth and letting it go.  “No, tell me what to do.”  Cas froze.
Dean had always been a little weirdly attracted to Cas but damn.  A few months of sticking things in his butt and suddenly he was gay for his best friend.
The walk up the stairs was torture.  Well, it felt amazing, but having Cas two steps behind him, face so near his ass was torture.  He tried to make his strides as normal as possible, but he felt more than the normal amount of bowlegged.
Dean wiggled a little, being kind of ticklish, and Cas took the opportunity to push his thigh further between Dean’s legs, making him moan in relief with the pressure on his morning erection.  He ran a hand down to Cas hip and tugged him closer, so he could let Cas grind against him as well. They rolled their hips slowly, the rhythm sensual and speeding up their breathing.  Dean was concerned about his morning breath, and he may have needed to pee, but it felt so good he couldn’t stop.  Cas moaned as Dean found his nipple through his shirt, biting it and making Cas gasp and grind harder.
It was after a long and exhausting hunt in another state, one motel room for the three of them-  getting a moment to jerk off in peace was impossible.  They were all grumpy when they got back, and Dean had locked himself in his room right away, pulling open his laptop and finding the cucumber video again.  He’d poured extra lube on his fingers and got a finger in his ass after a little relaxing and trying not to resist automatically.  He had come so hard he could hear the blood pounding in his ears for several minutes and had stood on wobbly legs to his sink to clean up.  He had been washing his hands when he spied his hairbrush laying there, thick black handle gleaming in the low light.  He had picked it up, feeling the width of it and went back to his bed, still naked, and lubed up the brush, teasing his hole and stroking himself.  He couldn’t really see what he was doing, so he turned on the camera on his laptop so he could watch himself.  Seeing his hands and his shiny hole being teased by the brush handle was enough to get him turned on enough to relax his muscles and slide it in. The stretch hurt a little, but after watching his hand pump it in and out a few times, it felt like his hole was gobbling it up, sucking it in.  It looked so naughty on the screen, just like one of the videos he’d watched so many times, so he put on a show for himself, pinching his nipples, moaning and fucking himself deeper with the handle.  He had brushed a spot inside himself, setting off fireworks in front of his eyes, the spike of pleasure completely new to him.  He’d come like a rocket in an matter of minutes.
“You go wild then, love.”  Dean felt a full-body shudder at the mention of a pet name.  He liked it.  Alot.
The witch noticed and swung around, flinging her hands out and throwing Dean back against the wall with a crash.  Sam was quick to dart after him, and Cas charged the witch.
Dean moaned and rolled over to his belly and pushed up on his hands and knees.  He reached behind himself and started working the plug out of his ass.  Cas knelt and helped.  His crotch was in Dean’s face, but just for a moment.  Dean turned his face and exhaled, his breath ghosting over his skin, making him twitch.
“Sorry, Cas, I wasn’t looking where I was going,” Dean flushed red knowing that Cas knew he had no reason to be headed in that direction except to go to his secret hideaway and get off.
What the fuck was wrong with him?  He should be glad Cas was finding happiness with someone else.  It’s not like he owed Dean anything, in fact, Dean felt it was on him to repay the fallen angel in any way he could.  Even if that meant pushing him into the arms of someone else.
“Mmmfph,” Dean grumbled.  He felt like a million degrees, but was freezing.  His teeth chattered a little.  He really must be coming down with something.  Maybe Rowena would have something to cure a cold.  Oh yeah, that’s right, Rowena must be there by now.
Most of the day had passed without a text from Cas.  Not that he was waiting by his phone or anything.  Dean guessed he should should be the one who reached out...but he was pretty embarrassed about the stuff he’d said the night before.  Maybe he could wait until the nighttime- a day of video games and last-minute shopping with Sam would keep him busy.  It was Christmas Eve and Cas was probably...what did rich guys do for Christmas Eve?
He snuck a hand into his lap and pressed the heel of his palm down on his erection, providing a little needed friction.  He moaned involuntarily, and the man turned back around and straddled his lap, sitting directly on his cock, twisting his hips and rubbing himself on Cas, smiling down at him with pouty lips and lust blown eyes.
He bounded up the front steps and unlocked the door.  The house appeared quiet.  He shrugged, figuring someone must have just parked it there.  He brought up his bags to his room, a bit on the tired side.  The last week had been pretty emotionally exhausting.  Revisiting old memories did that to a guy.
Dean was still murmuring sweetly, little moans, as his fingers found where the two were connected, touching Cas’s heated flesh and his own rim with curious fingers.
Cas snuggled closer to Dean, tucking the hunter’s head under his chin.  “Luck has nothing to do with it, Dean Winchester.  I have what you called ‘mad skills’.  I’m understanding this is a good thing to have.”
Cas collapsed into the passenger seat.  He was flushed and his hair was a mess, and the bandage wrapping the cut on his hand was starting to seep through.  Dean felt like he had lost twenty years off his life and his heart seemed to be trying to escape his chest, even though the danger was over.
