“Platinum.” He garbles out.
Something slipped into his hand, warm fingers working their way into his own gaps. Steve squeezed against the pressure, breath escaping just a fraction more lightly. “Did it hurt when you went down?”
“Tony, I don’t know what you’re trying to achieve here.” Ross’ expression was unchanging, a portrait of calm. “All of this hostility…maybe it helps you counter your fears of, I don’t know, selling out-”
Steve’s lips curled, bitterness staining the motion. This was like giftwrapping nostalgia and smacking it straight across his face, sharp and painful.
Tony didn’t say, irises dark and unreadable. His voice sounded…good, without the backdrop of swing music and a chattering crowd, deep and full-bodied, layers playing upon layers. It lilted up in amusement, and Steve resisted the urge to shiver, “You a stalker, by any chance?”
Self-conscious, pleased, seeking approval…there were many ways to describe that smile. Tony couldn’t think of any, because his mind had exploded into a tumultuous whirlwind of specs- tall-ceilinged bedrooms with skylights you could crawl through, a gymnasium built to withstand the workout of someone with the proportionate strength of a spider, a mechanics lab the likes of-no, the kid liked chemistry, he could call in some experts to consult on what people in
He remained staring despondently at the platter as footsteps echoed to his side, Steve rapping him briefly on the shoulder as he passed by, “EMTs outside, c’mon.”
“Down the hall, door to your left.” That smile still hung around Peter’s lips, smaller and a little more uncertain. “Was there something in the salad that didn’t agre-”
“We’re rich and eccentric, it works out.” The words flitted out heedlessly, like Tony’s lips were moving and he didn’t particularly care what came out.
“Not that kind of testing.” The words escaped, and Tony lifted his right hand with a slight twist of the wrist, pure muscle memory at this point. Seconds later, there came the cold kiss of metal at his palm-pieces flying in from the Mark XLV, gauntlet forming seamlessly in the empty spaces around his hand.
in all this in the first place?”
He stopped for a second before it before hating himself for the pause; picked it up with his gauntlet while loathing every pitiful part of himself that cringed with unease and unworthiness. Tony turned and walked back to where the armour stood, grip tight and cramped, footfalls coming hard and fast. No pauses this time-before his brain could weasel out with any contradictory orders, before his breath could freeze or heart could shudder, before laughter or banter or accusations or screams could ring false through his ears; he hoisted the shield over his shoulder and swung.
And she delivered, voice roughened right at the edge. Eyes meeting his, cool and certain and resigned. “I always knew it was temporary.”
He doesn’t know if she reads the last paragraph. His vision is too blurry, there’s a track something wet has left down his cheek, and it itches. Steph is dry eyed, and she keeps looking at him. Unvarying, constant…because she’s strong, because she’s the Captain, because she’s granite and lead and titanium and fuck knows what; because he never cried for himself or his parents but with every drop of wetness that creeps past his lids, it’s like he can watch the pressure strapped across her back ease inch by inch-watch her chest rise and fall and see her breathe in for him in turn.
He took the pepper can, fingers wrapping around it tightly, voice almost too quiet to be heard. “You spoil me, Fry.”
“You don’t know how teams work, Tony. You never have. Then the Avengers came along, and you fought aliens together, and redesigned your entire home in the hopes they’d stay.” Another, not-quite-so-amused exhale. “And I was jealous for the longest time, till your house blew up and no one came to help and I realised that you still had no idea what a team was supposed to be.”
And that’s getting to be a pattern, really. Things that were supposed to end in one place, end one way-but they don’t. Tony washes his face with cold water, cleans the grease behind his ears. Thinks- “
His hands dropped to the granite top of the basin, lips twitching into a smile despite it all. “I’m good FRIDAY.”
A thud, then a loud clatter – someone groaned, and the heat signature faded down back to red, slumping flat to the floor. Something large and oval-esque rolled out from around the bottom corner of the counter, and settled down on the floor with a teeth-rattling clank.
That….didn’t need to be voiced. Steve hadn’t even known that voice existed, till he heard it ringing pure and true in his head. The one that did reach the air, was much gruffer. “Is any assistance needed?”
Even when his father comes up in their frequent disagreements (arguments, screaming matches, same thing really), he leaves off the insinuations. First off, they would have been false-Howard was far too reverent in his stories to ever have actually been involved with Rogers, and second…he actually had been raised right, in this if in nothing else. Jarvis would have had his hide.
The couple behind them was older, a glint of grey outlining the man’s tamed mop of curls, silver gleaming off his rimless spectacles. His partner had dark hair to match, bunned up at the back, a prim cardigan over a dark shirt dress. She didn’t bend her spine, the slant of her chin almost standoffish-their movements overall simple and methodical. They executed the six count turn precisely, crosskicks and all. As the song moved to its next stanza, the man inched forward and murmured something, his partner arching a brow in response; resuming their step without a missed beat.
His head hit the floor and Tony stared up at the ceiling, breath gurgling for long, long moments. Everything felt wet. Then there was red-and-gold in his sightlines – oh he’d wanted to tinker tonight.
He brought his eyes back towards T'Challa, and was struck anew by his stature- for all his litheness in combat, the Black Panther was a tall, broad-shouldered man with impressive presence. A calming one too, at that. Bucky was safe here. He knew it. Why was he fretting so much?
“How long till we reach?”
“No,” A slight flush entered Peter’s cheeks, but he persisted in speaking. “but his company has been making incredible contributions to the pharmaceutical industry and they’ve been branching out into nanotechnology for a while…I’ve already joined and I just. I want to do applied chemistry in college and SI’s focus is mainly on the coding and mechanical engineering side of things-”
Rhodey surveyed him like he was disappointed, and Tony was a bit of a moron. “Of course we do it in the uniforms.”
There was a quiet whirring, in the silence after those words.
“Always a way out... you know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.”
“Look, you think you know what’s best for everyone. I get it.” Tony stopped short, something twisting abruptly in his chest. That was…those words weren’t anything like Rhodey. They were, because they were blunt and Rhodey was never afraid to get in his face about his issues…but they were also sharp. Sharp like the lines drawn tight on Rhodey’s face, the sharper, uneven breathing pattern, the shoulders coiled forcefully straight that betrayed a hell of a lot more than if they had been hunched over in pain.
“Don’t worry, I’ll send you a writeup of what I’ve got on AIM. Well, send it to Rhodey.” Did his hands always feel this awkward, just hangin’ by his sides? Maybe the next Mark of the armor needed pockets. Though Iron Man had definitely not had much cause in the past to just… stand around and chat. “And whatever FRIDAY manages to dig up. You guys can yak about it over your next team movie night, or whatever.”
Steve didn’t rise to the bait- but the words struck a chord, somewhere- even as Tony backed up again, lips twisting in the strangest mixture of pain and derision. “Humans are machines. Fascinating ones, but fatally flawed- because we
“Very well then.”
“Bit farther than that.” FRIDAY clarified, amusement still filtering through faintly. “Downtown Manhattan.”
But this. This.
He squeezed them shut, and let the wetness escape. “Hey, Jarv. Nice to hear your voice.”
A last, useless flex of the fingers: and Sam could almost feel the frantic energy being drawn back into Steve, the broad frame stilling and curling into itself, concentrated and readied. An exhale, and that chin lifted in determination.
“That I shouldn’t do it?” Tony hazarded.
“My dad didn’t steal it! Appropriated it, maybe.” T’Challa raised an eyebrow, and Tony had to remedy- damn, the guy was good. “Possibly by illegal means. But hey, isn’t like tons of it doesn’t get smuggled out of the country every year anyway.”
Steve opened his eyes.
“It’s…” not nothing, Steve waltzing into battle with naught but the clothes on his back was not nothing, but it was hard to argue with Steve when his face looked so droopy. “You didn’t have your shield on you.”
It wasn’t an urge befitting Captain America-but fuck if Steve didn’t want to tear it down screaming, the stage and screen and all of it, the entire goddamn
“I know.” Rhodey smiled, more bleak than anything. Tony hated that look on his face. “That’s not actually the issue I had been referring to. Just context.”
“I’m n-“ A pause. Then, like it had never happened. “Of course, Mr Stark. Where are you?”
he sees her mouth to herself, then her lips flicker and fall still. Her eyes keep roving, and he follows them.
“I have finished indexing and collating the results of the multiple searches you asked me to run in the afternoon.”
Aw, such courtesy. Tony nodded at those half-curled hands knowledgeably, “You should probably wash those first.”
And so the game, and the day along with it, continued: replete with narrow misses with toasters, going on dates with androgynous people named Alex (Tony didn’t know the romantic prospects of a slice of bread could be so invigorating), living life in the wilderness catching fish with yourself as bait and then wrestling them to death – all for naught, because bread didn’t exactly have a mouth. Or teeth, or a tongue, or a digestive system. What did Alex ever see in you?
, “Being good at. Things.”
the conclusion you’re drawing from that is totally unfair, considering how I quoted two other poems literally ten seconds ago.”
It wasn’t real, Steve should say. That is the correct response to a nightmare.
“Then I sick SI’s legal team on them.” Tony smiled, teeth sharp and bared. “There are enough loopholes in that incoherent compilation of a hundred and ninety capital interests; and the Accords are still essentially a legal document. I bury the governments in their own red tape, and hopefully by the time they manage to untangle themselves, the situation would already have been resolved. Agendas can conflict, and we can use that to our own benefit.”
The workshop gently glowed to life, illuminating a stretch of floor almost completely littered with ceramic shards of erstwhile broken crockery. That was…a lot of mugs. He was going to have to pick his way out carefully. Maybe even get a cleaning crew in. He hadn’t had people in his workshop for a while.
“Also the one that got infected by a neo-Nazi group and almost committed mass genocide.” Okay, so it wasn’t as bad as Ross finding out about the vibranium shield lying in his basement. Still not ideal. SHIELD had rotted away from the inside.
A beat. Two.
“Tony.”
The screen stopped flashing. The phone sat in Steve’s grip, still and unmoving.
Tony turned away from the window, something suddenly, terrifyingly dizzying about the height, the endless blue skies. The phantom smell of smoke lingered in his nose – fire on his helmet and burnt concrete.
Missiles…they bored past metal and scored through Chitauri skin and imbedded splinters into flesh and bone and exploded and- even super healing was hard pressed against such a....modern, technologically superior foe. Steve remembered seeing those missiles in action for the first time- another video like this, shaky and grey, tiny little objects whizzing through the air, leaving ghostly smoke trails and embedding themselves into the arms and legs and guts of terrorists in Gulmira. Tony hadn’t cared to spare those lives.
Tony looked up. Steve’s eyes were shining. “This is
“We’re not exactly in the best position to pressurise governments.”
“I-yes.” Tony looked at him, and for one strange second, their eye-contact held no hostility.
But Peggy seemed to pay that no note and only smiled wider. Steve was braced for the breathstopping, jawbreaking clench of longing the sight brought – the corners of her quirked lips, the dip of her lower lip where the skin always seemed to be chapped and flaking. The carmine slash of her lipstick.
“No.” It was funny really, how easy it was to let feigned humour slip away. Tony didn’t even blink. Didn’t think. It didn’t need thought. “No.”
“You know where the farmhouse is.”
Steve wanted to ask, mind still blaring static.
For all that she could emote better than the world’s greatest mime when she felt the inclination, Natasha’s reading was steady and constant. No rise and fall of feeling, no words delivered faster than the next. Clint had no way of figuring out what any of it meant, except they did for three weeks and five chapters straight-her reading from the corner, him spying on the building across the street in one of the most peaceful stake outs he’d ever had. He remembered wondering what it said about him, that an assassin’s voice spelling out the conflict between criminal impulse and conscience was more soothing to him than any lullaby, but he stopped that train of thought quickly. Clint didn’t question the facts of his life, much. They got presented to him, he moved on and adapted as needed. Simple as that.
His chest constricted involuntarily, squeezing away under an imaginary reactor. Words rose in his throat and they escaped too quickly, and not nearly as impassive as they should be. “Tell me you actually came here for a reason.”
“I think there are ten floors above you.” FRIDAY replied. “Have you considered a potted plant?”
“What about the others?”
“Well, I’ve got a dab hand with technology myself. Maybe that’s another area where I can help brush up your skills.” Tony leaned in, ever so slightly. His free hand reached up to tug at the open collar of his shirt as if it itched, thumb running under the cotton. And for all that the flamboyant colour had annoyed Steve before…it was something else to see the sweat droplets peppered over that tan skin, leaking into the darkening red of the shirt. Something hot, and exhilarating and terrifying. “And I’m glad to hear of your hardworking temperament, …?”
But the truth remains…for all of his noxious words of stars, all of his dramatics-Tony Stark is the same like all of them. Sure, maybe he thinks a little faster, dreams a little bigger. But at the core, he’s the same brand of poor little rich guy that dot the shadowed corners of every charity gala, every award function. You could look at the glittering dresses, the plaster of Paris smiles, the hollowed eyes and loathe every person around you-while they peer through your fake swagger and do the same. Tony is selfish like all the rest, hedonistic like all the rest, can’t bear affronts to his ego and simultaneously despises himself like all the rest. Sure, maybe it comes in a ‘genius billionaire playboy philanthropist’ package…but his mettle is common iron. A drop of sea water, a dash of air, and he’d rust right through.
Maybe there was a choice that lay beyond that.
Or maybe that had just been easier for him to believe.
bode well for the current state of American civilisation.”
His toes curled in his shoes, chest stilling mid-breath. What the… what was that?
Tony scowled. He didn’t appreciate the
Sam stared at him point blank, as if refusing to believe his…..moronic-ness, or some other new-fangled word for thick in the head. “It’s a little weird.”
“Sloppy, sloppy.” A voice teased – Steve jerked his head upright and saw red.
“No your highness, thank you. You have been very kind.” And then, perhaps because he was getting a little restless. “Is it a matter for the Panther?”
A longer pause. Steve didn’t drop Tony’s gaze, not even in his brief, acknowledging nod. “I do.”
It stays-the remnants of that smile, lingering around the lines of his mouth as he gets to work on the fine motor control of his new gauntlets. It lingers in the humming he indulges himself in, cocking his head from side to side, an old melody that isn’t Metallica and he can’t remember the source of. Stephanie lingers too-he can spot her tall frame huddled over the sketchbook in her lap, camped out over on the couch he usually crashes at, brows furrowed in concentration. He sees her startle in the corner of his vision when he starts humming, but then something in those shoulders loosen and she’s scribbling away at her pages, graphite overlaying marker ink on those long fingers.
That was more than enough time.
A bird cheeped, far off into the distance.
themselves with it, played pretend, thought that by snapping on suspenders and waistcoats and flowery dresses for a night, they could be…they could
Of course. Made perfect sense, really. As Tony’s brain raked through the figures hovering in the air, trying to comprehend the magnitude of the disaster those innocuous numbers were predicting, a part of him noted all too easily the PR stunt this was intended to be. No villains to fight massive battles against, no collateral damage. Just costumed heroes saving the people buried deep underground. Coming down from their seat of power, uplifting the injured and needy. Who cared which benevolent power had shut those people up in those dark warrens anyway.
in Steve’s ears, but any time the phone would stop ringing and-
Steve took a breath, and started coughing.
“Pretty contrast, yeah.” There was no amusement to Rhodey’s smile. “Bismarck Sea, just off the coast of the main Guinea landmass. Suspicious activity in a couple of the atolls. Installations set up far from where any of the detention centres are supposed to be. Media coverage of the area is already restricted, because of all the remanded refugees-I’m guessing someone’s using it as a cover to carry out their own operations. Influx of boats, people being herded like cattle…who’s to notice if a couple sneak away, right?”
Steve blinked at the glowing white screen, and scrolled down.
A twitch of a hand, and the toilet paper ball went flying through the air, landing in the centre of the wastebasket. Perfect aim. Steve turned those massive shoulders, clear eyes regarding Tony impassively. “Is that why you’re doing this? And not just because you like clambering on and stomping all over people’s nerves?”
Sam had never been a particularly religious kind of guy.
“Encouraging you?” Tony arched a brow from his seat on the rolling chair, legs extended. He straightened with an accompanying chair creak- there had been several, very ominous creaks already emitted in the last half hour. “I don’t quite put much stock in the way things ‘should be’. Which seems a little counterintuitive for a futurist- but that’s the way things are. It’s my job to distinguish between utopias and futures that can actually, feasibly exist. It’s the only way to achieve anything in the world.”
“Do you feel you can keep your attention on the battle, sir?” JARVIS enquires archly in his ear.
“You aren’t nearly recovered enough.” Tony didn’t think about how much ‘enough’ would be. No amount, probably. Rhodey didn’t need to know that.
“I- of course.” Steve had almost forgotten, about the world that spied in on them both, in the exhilaration that had taken birth in his veins in the past few minutes. But there was something important to say before the sun disappeared completely under the horizon, and this meeting- hard and strange and emotional as it had been, could end.
A faint dialling tone emanating from the vicinity of his elbow; oh, his helmet stuffed in its crook, of course. Lifted it gingerly and slid it halfway on, careful to avoid jagged edges. The sound got louder with proximity, seeming almost unreal in the barren landscape.
Or maybe the other people did mean for the silence to weigh just so- but T’Challa just interjected with a non-committal, “I suppose.”
It was...bizarre, how effortlessly the atmosphere between them could turn to the light-hearted bickering of the distant past if he so chose; or just as easily go the other way, recent histories fraught with blunt words and twisting hurt
, for Christ’s sake.
The hollows under his eyes were black- with lack of sleep, not bruises. His cheeks sloped inwards, his fingers shook constantly. Brittle and gaunt and the only living thing in a false memory- his eyes glittered as the scene began to dissolve.
“Think about it.”
Another pause. Steve looked up, and Sam’s steady gaze looking back made him feel…..small, somehow. “To tell you the truth, Steve, I don’t know what any of us would or wouldn’t do anymore.”
He wasn’t, though. He was walking, alone, while the world screamed in his face.
Something glimmered at the corner of his vision – an exhale fleeted from his lips, a solitary breath among thousands that had been paused midway. The Time Stone shone dully among the gaps of his fingers. But it was only a spark of green amidst a sea of red; the Reality Gem blazing next to it, eye-searing.
Because what did it say, really, about him-on a plane with a rogue Captain America, thinking about God and misplaced faith.
. “I actually find it…um, truthful in a way other kinds of writing can’t be.”
He knew what he had to do. Should do. Tap on that little picture of a trash can, and send the email with its singular attachment to the destination it deserved.
Steve cast a final eye over the ocean, grim and tumultuous and unchangeable. Something settled in his chest, and it wasn’t cold lead. “Call me Steve.”
He backed up a stumbling step, heel skidding on the concrete floor. Somewhere at the back of his head, it registered that there were no familiar whirrs in the distance, no armour flying through the air in response to his gesture, assembling around his clenched fists or unstable legs.
He sits still for an hour, then turns the back of the page and writes something down. He doesn’t need to consult JARVIS, he remembers each word. The page is stamped on his memory, the first time his fifteen-year old eyes had glimpsed it.
Steve moved at the corner of his vision again; Sam twitched. It wasn’t a fidgety kind of motion-not really. The Army stamped that out of you in mere weeks. But Steve was still...moving, the leather of his gloves creaking out of sight with every flexing motion of his knuckles. Nothing about those motions: running his palms down the Kevlar weave stretching over his thighs, undoing the Velcro of his gloves before pulling it down even tighter, adjusting the straps straining over his uniform…none of it was overtly fretful, or even restless. It could just as well be a man doing cursory checks before swinging down into a potentially hazardous situation.
“Steve wasn’t going to stop. He was never going to stop.” Those light coloured eyes flitted up, finally; and maybe he was imagining the guilt in them, but there was no regret. “I understood it. Without blame.”
, because Steve Rogers still believed in freedom and the ability of the Avengers to do genuine
answers so it could be filled and Steve had…nothing.
The quiet was louder here. Maybe because it was a wildlife sanctuary. But it had been getting louder for a long time, now.
“Do you like superheroes?”
She introduces herself as Virginia. He calls her Pepper outside his head-and truth be told, that irritated twitch of the lip in response to that little nickname is the only reason he hires her. He calls her aluminium inside said head, because it’s useful and can be found mostly anywhere.
And Tony closed his eyes, teeth threatening to splinter apart because of how tight he was clenching his jaw- furious, towering rage the only thing that little exercise inspired.
Whoever taught Captain America how to make audibly sarcastic quotation marks needed to be tried for federal crimes. Plus, he was right on the money with this one – Tony knew Sam and Rhodey were on mission, and
)- and the word had never felt more appropriate.
“You don’t trust yourself.” Steve said, and there was something almost pleading about it. “You’re terrified of the unlimited things you could achieve- it’s not about being right all the time, it’s that I trust
“Punk.” Tony muttered, a little huffily. You know what he needed to do? He needed to buy out this stupid game and pay off the stupid millennial who’d developed it and
Tony succumbed – walking back over to the chair Rhodey hadn’t moved from and propping his arms on the wooden back, chin sinking into the warm divot between Rhodey’s nape and shoulder. Snuffled into the cotton of his shirt a little, nose full of citrus fabric softener, and eyes fluttering open to peer at the airplane design from this vantage. Tony’s words were mumbled, lips puffing moist breath against the warm, cotton-covered skin. “We’ve done pretty well for ourselves, haven’t we?”
out to Lila when she was four, and Clint had been drawn in, an unwilling, enraptured moth to her flame. Lila dropped off to sleep less than  three chapters in but Laura continued reading; her light voice winding round and round the melodic syllables, tripping gracefully up names and titles and dwelling lovingly on places her mind had resided in as a kid: Rivendell, Mirkwood, the Misty Mountains.
“Boss?” FRIDAY spoke through his earpiece, and Tony jumped to attention; probably ruining the attempts of the woman trying to sneakily photograph him from behind that ficus.
“They were better prepared for us than we thought. Rogue Hydra weapon blew a hole in the train, Bucky got blasted out.” A sharp breath, a contracted chest, like all the oxygen in the world wasn’t enough. “He hung on, for a bit. ‘Bout three and a half seconds. I can…I could hear his scream echoing as he fell.”
“Lhasa, last I heard.” Rhodey scrunched up his eyes, peering at the pad over a flared nose because of course that was a foolproof way to improve one’s eyesight and ability to spot design errors. “And it’s been four hundred and sixteen days since the last code green, so you might wanna find a new, soft-and-squishy-human nickname.”
He was still in his uniform, that much he could register. A uniform stiffened with blood that was still keeping his cracked ribs in place. The bed under him was hard, but not very cold. The room was brightening as the seconds passed, features growing clearer with every blink and his head a little less foggy.
Natasha lifted, and dropped a shoulder. “I’m not angry at you.”
that had set them apart ages ago? But- mistakes or no, recrimination or no- there were still things about a person that didn’t change. Immutable. And in the collection of voices that sprung to life in his head, there was still a quiet one that said-
And the journey had been worth every staggering step. Learning to love this man was and continued to be one of the most educational experiences Tony had ever had – in maturity, patience, empathy, humility, faith, understanding, self-worth. As much as it was a struggle, loving Steve was also a foregone conclusion, but if they hadn’t met… “I don’t think I’d have liked who I was, if we hadn’t met.”
“What a coincidence.” Steve tipped forward, pressing warm breath to Tony’s laugh lines. “Neither do I.”
?” Clint’s tone melded seamlessly with his words, flat and furious. “Couldn’t the fighting have come
“He doesn’t realise that he can’t.”
“So I don’t waste time forbidding you to do things you’re clearly born to do- and won’t stop doing, even if you break every. single. bone. in your body. I
“Okay, so we’re apparently having a toast now.” He hadn’t even spoken
In twenty-twelve, Steve changed the course of history merely by showing up; all deep sea vessels, search parties in the Arctic called home. Captain America was alive and well.
anymore. “You tell me when you figure that one out.”
……that last thought inspired something, something almost like indignation and frustration and ‘
“I can only apologise for my actions, Tony.” And his voice was quiet, but unrelenting. “Not my beliefs.”
One second. He had one second to fire, one second before the missiles re-armed and identified himself as a man attached to a flamethrower. But the Iron Man didn’t seem to care about that, flaps still open but head half turned away, palm pointed in the opposite direction. Glow dimming, repulsor whine powering down as if it had just taken the intermediate seconds to fire at… at something else.
“The part where it said you didn’t mean to hurt me?” Tony inserted, smooth and seemingly untouched- and Steve felt a familiar spark of irritation light up at the back of his head despite it all. Dammit Tony.
There’s a little
Tony was a…little taken back at the change of tack, admittedly. He hadn’t actually expected to get this far. He’d come out with it, though. He wasn’t ashamed. “It has been…brought to attention that my armours have a…significant flaw.” He looked straight at T’Challa, resolute and unswerving. “I was hoping to use the vibranium to create a suit absent of any such…weaknesses.”
s, watching two potted geraniums on fire and a dumb blonde crouching by a toppled table, buns of glory outlined perfectly.
the words pre-planned and ready on his tongue, died on exit. For the better, perhaps. “Are you scared?”
Click. Send.
The door flew open, like it always did, narrowly missing Tony’s nose and cracking against the sidewall, taking some more plaster down with it. There Peter was, half-standing, half-crouched, vigorously rubbing the ankle that had presumably gotten twisted during the mishap on the way to the door. His black fringe flopped over his eyebrows as he squinted dubiously- “Mr Stark?”
, Tony.” And Steve finally, finally turned his head, eye contact established unblinkingly; and that was why, he hadn’t been blinking, that was why his eyes were red-rimmed and blue irises glassy, that had to be…had to be it.. “I can’t go on like this. I can’t stand still, even though I should. Can’t stay quiet, even if I must. Can’t pretend I have absolutely nothing to say to you, because…this isn’t an emergency. This isn’t an emergency, and yet I know me, and I know you, and when the next emergency comes around, what’ll be left of us is me talking – apologising
“See,” someone said, and it took a few seconds to register that it was him. “We have things in common after all.”
“That’s…not what we’re here to talk about.”
“Then we keep working at it.” Tony twisted in the embrace, head turning around to look Steve in the ducked eye. Leaned forward and coaxed a kiss from those gentle lips, sharing his breath slow and easy, fingers weaving in silvered strands. His chain swung forward with the motion, Steve’s dog tags spinning lazily between their chests.
Steve was painfully, incandescently happy the day he saved Bucky Barnes.
floor. The boy had pointed at DUM-E with a stubby finger, and said in a hushed whisper, “The
The sand was wet and coarse under his bare heels. There was no sun. There were stretches and stretches of brown sand as far as the eye could see, and then grey sea beyond. Clumps of trees Steve didn’t know the names of emerged here and there, interrupting the flat landscape.
Sound was beginning to filter into his world again-there were scattered groups of people on the ground floor, and the distant roar of the crowd outside. “I’m going outside now. Talk to you later?”
“Vision seems to like it well enough.”
This had been produced via the BARF.
And then he cocked his head to the side, ears pricking up. “The rain seems to have stopped.” The smile returned. “Would you like to go outside?”
“You’ve trusted other people.” Just because Tony didn’t make the list didn’t mean…didn’t mean Steve had to pass an overarching judgement on himself.
She was probably his age. Hair shaved right up the back, even higher than he had in the army-but with a shock of green right across the middle, sweeping over her forehead and into her heavily-lined eyes. What looked like two fluffy pink cotton balls hung suspended from her ear lobes, large enough to brush past her very bare clavicles. Her belly was bare too, as were her shoulders, just a strip of black cloth knotted at the centre obscuring her chest. Her arms were muscled, swarming with green-and-black swirls of tattoos. Knobby knees poked through a large rip in each of her jean legs, black and fitted in their turn, over combat boots.
Some of the articles were nice to read. Diverting. He was mindlessly skimming through something about kale and smoothies and effects on carcinogens (he’d have to remember to Google that word later), when an errant click opened at least six tabs- bloody hell, stupid
Wasted time pricks Tony sharper than anyone else. So what’s different about this?
“You know, Sputnik. The day all of humanity became a little cooler, and the Russians successfully launched the first satellite into orbit, driving the Americans insane.” Tony springs to his feet, wide grin approaching for a morning kiss. “October fourth.”
and they all have been tiptoeing about this topic around her too long, too long.
And the real shield.
.” The word came out frantic, Steve reaching out a hand. He seemed to remember himself and jerked it back halfway, but his voice lost none of its intensity. “It’s not- I’m sorry I-“
He barely catches Steve, fingers clamped about the arms, just as Steve pitches into the floor.
But. But.
to. Because what do I hear- after the punches have long been thrown, hits landed, words spoken, sides picked.” Another mirthless exhale, Clint shaking his head from side to side. “That Tony screwed over the Accords like he should have long ago, and flew to Siberia to
to do all those things, nonetheless. So I did ‘em.”
, could have made him miss the quiet whine of the repulsor charging up.
Another gaping maw of silence. Steve never looked away.
Click.
about an email was ridiculous. He didn’t know why-
His hands vibrated in his pockets, eyes watching the floor numbers blink red as the bottom of his stomach dropped with the ascent.
“SHIELD agents will still be running SHIELD.” That diplomatic smile was back in place on Ross’ lips. “We just can’t put someone who was on the payroll while Hydra was still a part of SHIELD, on the face of it right now. People know your face, it’s been ages since you’ve been accused of anything particularly reprobate, your stance on the Accords is making your approval ratings hold steady. We can even use your heritage to make a better case for you. The son of one of the founders taking over again-”
“but don’t go anywhere, because we’ll be handing out free passes to dance classes! That’s right, Swing Patrol holds regular classes in the city, so if you liked the moves put on by our lovely guys and gals, we’re giving out a chance for you to attend any three beginner classes for fre-”
A little sound – more of a wet exhale than an actual laugh, but when Steve looked back up again, his eyes were blue in exactly the right kinda way. The surge of pride flooding through Tony’s bloodstream in response to that was…a little staggering, honestly.
Clint had been adamant about taking Wanda along with him after the condition in which they’d recovered her from…..custody, and Steve couldn’t have been happier about it. She’d obviously latched on to Clint as a brother-figure after Pietro, someone to seek guidance from; and anyone who saw Clint with his kids would be a knucklehead to think he deserved any less. But Clint could also be…..wilful at times, and the way his drawn face was dipping in and out of light and shadow as he unendingly scraped at his weapons…it didn’t bode well.
Tony swallowed. It was like a haze was setting over his vision, limbs growing heavy – like he’d been submerged, but instead of murky green-blue all around him, there was the faintest tint of amber. “You wanna forget the bad stuff, and you do. It takes all that stuff away, and then a little bit more. The bad, the good, the mundane. Till all that’s left is…” chunks of vomit hitting the white ceramic of a toilet seat. Liquor-born sweat that stunk to the lowest reaches of hell. An empty bottle.
“Yeah.” Something breathed, using his voice. Tony let his head tilt back, fall with a clunk against the door, eyes seeing things millions of lifetimes and just a couple of weeks away.
“Sometimes.” Sam’s breathing seemed stilled, for the minute.
Then. Then.
Tony considered his options. Going into cardiac arrest was right out, no matter how close he felt to it in the moment. Playing along it was, then.
less syllable and hardly a recognizable, forget an appropriate nickname – also get the hell out of my light.”
Tony smiled, lips twisting. “Ever was pretty accurate, then. Another lifetime, really.”
“It’s not weird.”
him, “I think I might appreciate a picture to really feel it?”
Yeah. Yeah. That sounded about right. He could take this truth.
“First rule of lying.” Natasha murmured, and her eyes had gone strangely still, fixated on the polish of the floor.
“We’ve been over this. It’s not conducive for combat.” Rustling of papers punctuated the statement; sometimes Tony swore that Natasha had stacks flown in from the latest technophobic country or whatever just to make his teeth grind. Hell, SI had gone paperless actual
The sound of water rushing through the tap hit the air again, because of course Steve had turned it off while he was actually scrubbing his hands. Then, the tiniest of sighs from -dare Tony say it- a slightly defeated looking back.
Back, back, back. Okay. There was another shape on top of the screen, like a little white bolt of lightning. Lightning was…flashy, right? Right. That made sense. A little. Steve tapped at it in turn, his gigantic thumb missing its mark and hitting exit instead. The camera application closed. For fuck’s sake.
Sam’s mother had a small wooden cross, hung on a simple gilt chain around her neck. Sometimes, when she’d take it off for showers, she’d forget to put it on again; and there it would lie, entangled in stray hairs on the ceramic of the wash basin, to prick at her conscience when she’d come to floss the next morning.
“Baloney. Benefits of early rising, I’m sure there are a million articles out there.” He walked to the door, pushing it open, feeling it yield softly under his fingertips. A slight pause. “Is Rhodey awake?”
Tony smiled, small and unfeeling. “Regulation will die a natural death, of alien causes.”
That memory kept him cheered for the next few hours, as he yawned through breakfast and poured three cups of coffee into his gullet; went down to R&D for a surprise visit, multitasked through a couple conference calls. The sky was absolutely clear outside, not a puffy cloud to be seen – even Tony who wasn’t that big of an outdoors guy found himself drifting off once or twice, daydreaming about popsicles and walks in the park. Morning ticked over into afternoon and as the day continued to be almost insolently sunny, Tony found himself at the employee lounge on level thirty three, debating if he had the time to venture out for a walk and coffee number four before his two-thirty-lets-be-realistic-three o’clock.
assaulted his eardrums; heart pounding at a hundred beats per minute and muscles still frozen in a backward flinch. Right, another door.
His loose cheeks sagged a little when he smiled, gentle and accepting. “Do you trust me?”
“Was so sure,” He can hear his voice reverberate off the floor, more of a croak than anything– “tha’ I wasn’ gonna leave you this time.”
had nothing to do with the side you picked.”
Peter’s face took on the part wary, part excited out of his mind expression that it had been resorting to for pretty much seventy percent of his conversations with Tony. “Career?”
. We try our hardest to be objective; but whenever two sides are too close, we
“Sure.” The acquiescence came easy, as did the reinforcement of the lie. Steve barely even flinched anymore.
Silence. It didn’t weigh on them like it did other people, settling comfortably instead in the spaces between-curling up on Natasha’s loosened shoulders, pressing down on the hands tapping out a constant rhythm on Clint’s thighs. Or maybe it didn’t weigh anything because there were no spaces between them. No room for anything to wedge them apart.
Hours passed and Steve’s eyelids had begun to droop- he’d give himself a shake now and then, but his legs had grown numb from holding the same position and his mind felt like it had been filled with cotton wool. In one last ditch effort, he picked up the phone and mindlessly opened and closed the screen-lock several times, but the notifications remained frustratingly blank.
a point in Tony Stark’s journey, except it came towards the beginning, rather than the end. The issue, instead of the solution.
Wellll, Bruce was
- just pulled those little, painfully scathing laughs.
“He wouldn’t take my hand.” The words left his lips, strange and distant. Steve ran a hand up his left arm, fingers squeezing the muscles as they passed-a futile attempt to warm himself. His shoulder ached. “He was going to be crushed, and he wouldn’t…”
“Is he still in the plane somewhere?”
And as if in response to the question, the earpiece fitted into Stark’s earlobe (in addition to the helmet? Strange redundancy) burst into flickering sound.
The water was lukewarm, and he splashed it onto his face-rivulets running down contours that had gotten sharper and gaunter with the passing months. He swirled the chlorine-scented water around in his mouth, but the unpleasant taste coating the back of his tongue remained. He didn’t look into the mirror.
“Fine, be like that.” Tony punctuated the sentence by another involuntary, jaw-splitting yawn. “You send the compressed files to Rhodey and Steve, at least?”
Tony wanted to say, tight and desperate,
Steve fumbled the zipper, poor lad. Presumably he’d never been ambushed in the classic, ‘oh look, I’m peeing next to you’ move. It was a modern classic. Tony was determined to acquaint him with at least one per interaction, to make up for all the coddling everyone else subjected him to.
seemed reasonably appropriate.
Holy crap, guys. I've never had such a.....quite frankly, AMAZING reception to one of my works before. Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU. To think you all took the time out of your busy lives to drop a kind word- and indeed in some cases, lines and lines of them, means the ABSOLUTE WORLD to me. We all know how negative fandom can get at times; and writing this fic, and reading all of your responses to it, has reminded me how much fun it can actually be XP
And Tony feels something sting to life under his eyelids, watches Steph’s knuckles white against a tightened fist, her shuttered eyes giving nothing and everything away.
“Flatterer.” Tony whispered and opened his eyes  – his fingers were entangled, drawing tighter and tighter around his chain while the plain rectangular tags tinkled against his chest. “Sure sounds romantic to say that I’ve waited my whole life for you, Rogers.”
But there were a few things he was not half bad at, like getting the hell over himself. So Steve squared his shoulders, tried out a smile of his own, “And I’m an old-fashioned kind of guy. I like putting effort into my…endeavours.”
not helpful. “You aren’t pissed at me?”
Recited like it had happened just yesterday, because it may as well have. Because everything may as well have. Oh god.
A serving platter. Stainless steel, by the looks of it.
“Which I already know, since I actually have attended Aircraft Design 101 and even flown a plane, believe it or not.” Rhodey finished off the outline of his aileron with a pointed stroke. “Also what have I said about backseat designing before, Tones?”
“Wanda should have stayed in the Facility too.” Natasha cut through, mincing of words left far behind.
“No.” Peter huffed out, his face not even visible from where he’d buried it into his negative hundred count cotton bedspreads. The proceeding words were a little quieter, “I made it when I skipped playing tug-of-war with the other kids.”
Tony stared at his patch of wall.
, his heart was going to run itself out, thank heavens he’d never met Tony back before the serum, because that smile would have given him a bloody
, it was that moment, the transition from apologies and trust and working on the same team to accusations and questions and...and….betrayal-
colouring books in the air and shakes it. “Right, ‘cause I’m the toddler of the team, I geddit. Thanks, Cap.”
It felt like he could see all of it, spanning wide, even though his eyes were only confined to this place, this instant. This battlefield, sprawling on the grounds of a compound he’d once called home.
Five steps and he was at the door, Agent Sixty Seven’s ruler straight back and hands folded tightly at their spine visible through the reinforced glass; patiently waiting and propped outside like some kind of patently bland office décor. Tony should probably get Natasha a lava lamp at some point. “Don’t stay too late. SHIELD won’t fall without you.” The organisation was like the physical representation of a seventy-year long Jenga game, at this point.
Either the system they’d turned their backs on was working just fine, or the current authorised Avengers chose to sacrifice lives and property rather than call the runaways for help. The second option seemed unthinkable-but in quieter moments, the erring thought that Steve would prefer it over the first passed his mind. Times like those, Sam usually dislodged it from his head and accepted in no uncertain terms that being cooped up and on the run was driving him insane.
Steve comes further in from the doorway, gaze flitting incorrigibly from person to person. “What?”
“Depends.” The voice modulator rendered his tone emotionless. “Will it be honest?”
Another blink, though it did nothing to fix whatever calamity had befallen Steve’s face in the brief seconds that Tony had been contemplating hostile takeovers. It was like someone had…switched off a light behind those eyes, blue sheen dulled where they had been alight with excitement not even a minute ago. His lips had thinned, his jaw tensed, and he kept blinking compulsively – like the world was blurring in front of him and this was the only way he had left to centre himself.
and Steve didn’t say it out loud, but Tony heard it in the breath he held in a second too long. The words that did wind out were slow, and quiet. “And what about the days it doesn’t?”
The server blinked wide eyes. “I think I saw him near the fajitas?”
, pounding against the walls of his skull.
Tony continued staring at the two men smiling on screen. There had to be a point to this. Was there a point to this?
Another heartbeat, and the schematics for Peter Parker’s floor retreated deep within his mind; doors upon doors closing on the thought till Tony could push open the crappy one separating him from Peter, watch the kid’s clouded expression and respond with a smile that didn’t seem throttled.  “So did the slumlords make you sign a rental agreement? I hear things are pretty legit ‘round this side of Queens.”
“Report suit integrity.” The words fell like bricks, flat and unrelenting.
The third night, Steve didn’t bother going to bed.
“America punched it into gnarly space dust. I’m sorry.” And Rhodey sounded genuinely apologetic too. “I believe her justification was, ‘we can’t let Dr Banner cut his CERN trip short just because Extraterrestrial Point Break couldn’t keep to their own lane’.”
A firming up of the jaw as if in resigned determination and Steve barely had the composure to compute before Tony changed everything up on him again, calculatingly spitting. “You do know I’ll never stop coming after him, right?”
His fingers hovered over the armoured plates, their shadows long and slender over the metal – when something prickled at the edge of his consciousness. Red and shine and – and
“Kettle, meet fireplace.” Sassy retort notwithstanding, Steve clambered off him and withdrew to a safe distance outside the tickle zone. “Last time, the blue waistcoat was on the floor for three days. And you whined about the wrinkles for
There were two shields hanging on the wall too-Steve moved towards the closer one. Persian, early 19
But Steve wasn’t going to say that. He wasn’t going to mention the twelve months that Tony had spent in limbo, living in a Tower with an ‘A’ brandished across the top, that didn’t house any Avengers in it. Wasn’t going to mention the too-frequent gear and tech updates that just happened to make their way to the upstate Facility, even as Tony repeatedly bowed out of get-togethers and team dinner invites. Instead, he was going to press his lips into a thin line, remaining conspicuously silent every time Rhodey or Nat joked about Tony being kicked out of the team.
away when his arrow cut my web, and Scarlet Witch and
Too small to be a flinch, too expressive to be anything else. Tony watched Steve’s shoulders tighten, like he was bracing himself, “Did you read my–”
He swiped to the right.
A pause. “Would you not like to have a look yourself?” FRIDAY enquired, hesitation lacing the words.
A seagull cried, in the distance.
“Well?” Steve demanded, fairly vibrating with the excitement.
It looked…not beautiful, but tearing his eyes away proved impossible. Like watching a volcano erupt- awe inspiring and terrifying in its inevitability. It looked…
fridge to get a -
Steve reached him, pale-cheeked and muss-haired, like his cowl had just been knocked loose. He wasn’t carrying it either, and Tony spared a moment to mourn its absence. It felt freeing, in a way, to desert self-delusion and admit that it would have been nice to see that bright white A again, outlined in patriotic blue.
The smile on memory-Tony’s face dimmed, but the barely perceptible affection in the face lingered. The words were intended to deliver comfort. “You’ll get there one day.”
Peter narrowed his eyes. “Is that an Avengers comm?”
Sam stumbled as he landed; just the touch of a stagger before steadying himself, wings folding silently behind his back. There was no movement by his side, and he’d almost be fooled into thinking that there wasn’t anyone standing there at all-except for Steve’s tall, broad frame caught in a standstill, looming at the edge of his vision.
And then, the magic ended, the trick was complete, the delusion gone. The smile that had been sitting so naturally upon his lips twisted- hell, it was
T’Challa’s face was worn, lines upon lines drawn upon it as if hewn on stone- but there was the slightest curve to his lips at the visible reaction.
Before his brain could pare through those words, his feet were already moving. Towards that corner, the corner of the workshop he’d tossed all of his other junk in openly, the corner he’d half thought of renaming, ‘I’m not a fucking coward’. The one with junk like a tiny glass box labelled-
Steve’s breath felt thick in his throat, blood and air all congealed to one. With the hand not trapped in the gauntlet, burning over the Stones – he brushed his knuckles over the warm, hard gristle of Tony’s jaw. A stolen touch, the last thing Steve would ever take from him again.
Tony looked right.
a way of working past their common lines? Walking the tightrope, being careful not to nudge things too far either way. There
Peggy blinked, dark lashes batting through the stillness. She wasn’t wearing a ring. “Steve, I don’t know what you’re–
Tony thought about the sunrise he’d watched today, and the work he’d finished, and the work he’d successfully put away. He thought about how there were no grease marks on his chin, no table marks on his cheek. He darted a glance back at the kitchen counter, where there was an omelette on a pan- strangely shaped but perfectly edible. He looked back at Pepper, and thought how he wasn’t happy, wasn’t content, was lonely down to his very bones.
He spun around. “Oh, you’re still here.”
He walked its streets in the hours approaching sunrise, soft-soled shoes padding against the cobblestones, mist curling around his ankles. No matter which direction he cast his eyes in, all he saw were half-crumbling structures- a building missing a landing, a house with its walls blown away and ceiling half caved in, pavements and walls scorched with bullets. No people, though that could probably be attributed to the early hour.
knew what should be the central piece of the not-a-vanity-project-what-are-you-talking-about exhibit. Tony walked up to the base of the Mark VII, mysterious clanging noise partly forgotten, neck craned up to admire the cardinal red finish of the chestplate. One of his favourite pictures ever of himself was in this suit. Some stupid, enterprising citizen journalist had snapped a shot of the Avengers standing all together, gazes raised to the Chitauri descending from the sky… it was front page on a lot of papers the next day. Figures, that the world would focus on that instead of the first-ever undeniable proof of the existence of hostile aliens. But it was a nice picture.
They couldn’t. And neither could Steve.
“Needless to say, if tomorrow’s headlines are going to be
“It’s nothing. Well.” The thumb fidgeted further. The teasing tone was draining slow, but steady, from his voice. “Me and the guys, from the old unit. We used to get together, once a year, same day, drink to the guys that didn’t make it- Riley, couple of others. Grab a drink, reminisce…..you know what I mean?”
It was when he realised that Captain America- Steve Rogers, teammate, adversary, friend, family- had lied.
is a little….”
A second of quiet. The eventual reply came back tentative, but anything was better than pity. “It’s different from the way you used to test your suits.”
There was a wall hanging right at the back, with spidery writing running from top to bottom of the painting styled like a scroll. A flock of birds at the centre, darting and frolicking amidst a bed of foamy clouds. Feathered bodies and beaked heads etched in greying ink on the scroll of parchment-like paper. Splotches of playful darkness abounded amid the beigeness of the wall, the tan floors, the creamy whiteness of the paper-the strokes of the pen (not brush) trailing feather light over spots and darkening to gashes at places. Steve had never seen this kind of art before.
Sam sighed heavily again. “Whatever you say.” Then a quick glance, down at his wrist where his watch was strapped; the third time this evening.
Steve couldn’t speak.
with a picture of Marilyn Monroe on the side. He’d gone through the list several times over, but had never heard Steve say ‘ducky shincracker’ or ‘stompers’.
“Weeeell?”
” And birds were twittering off from nearby branches because Steve was yelling, because the quiet had finally driven him mad and he just
“You know which bagel,” Steve says – mostly distracted. Crosslegged, notepad on thigh, he is drafting new training plans for the team; Pietro is proving to be a unique challenge.
He swivelled around to face Peter directly, who was standing across the room, by the window sill. “I know your type, Peter. I know your aunt could tie your hands and legs, put you in a room with boarded windows, and forbid you to ever wear the costume again. But wear it you will. Each and every single time.” Tony smiled, a bit grittier, a bit more real. “It’s in your blood.”
A pause. “I did not detect any irregularities in your sleeping patterns last night. Though I did recommend that you continue consuming your prescribed dosage of sleeping pills; I can pencil in Dr. Feldman at twelve–”
the door, heading over to the -
Steve dipped his chin slowly, an acknowledging nod, gaze unbroken.
Oh, who the fuck was he kidding. Steve stared, eyes wide awake, at the bright screen of his phone that had somehow migrated into his hand during this little, delightful diversion of his thoughts.
Another eloquent burst of sound – holy Brian Johnson, patron saint of rock and sinners everywhere, was that a
-he never learned how to dance, not properly-thus, an upbeat voice inside his head pointed out, making perfect sense for him to actually attend classes. Tony was rounding the far corner now, damp patches on the undersides of his sleeves clearly visible, getting closer-Steve didn’t even
Oh. Oh shit. “Neutrino, DeForest Kelley, Capsicle. There, similarity gone.” And then, because no one could blame him for never trying, regardless of how shitty
Tony waited, panic blearily waking to life somewhere at the back of his head. For a pop culture reference maybe, niftily materialising in his mind to guide this conversation to a safer direction, something blasé and glib and ever-so-slightly-discouraging to those soft, lowly spoken words.
Chuckles everywhere, though Tony’s gaze went winging back to the rear of the crowd, where a familiar figure had appropriated himself a glass and was leaning against one of the pillars. Prime posing location, right next to one of the biggest candelabras – Tony highly approved. “As expected, I find him hanging out, upside down, from the newly refurbished A on top of Avengers Tower. Goes there every time he has a decision to make, probably thinks all the increased bloodflow to the head is going to make it work better – I don’t have the heart to tell him otherwise, poor lad.”
“It’s weird.”
Natasha’s fingernails tapped against the countertop. He never knew if it was a fidget she only let herself display in front of him, or if it was just a display.
because this was the master mechanic at work here, the man who could put almost anything back together. “Then there has to be some level of give and take.”
that is a kale–”
He couldn’t let it rest like that. Of course he couldn’t. “Why do you think I haven’t given up on him?”
he was – except he’d forgotten this was
“To-ny.”
Steve bristled, which was far better than drooping. “Ample time’s laying it a bit thick when there are lives on the line–”
asshole, did you just
Once upon a time, that might’ve rung hollow in Steve’s chest, a pang of longing. Now it nestled there, warm and soothing and protected from the burn.
. Natasha’s voice whispered in his head-but something was better than nothing. He’d push himself up, swing his legs off the pallet he was on right now if it didn’t feel like he would keel over in place. Waiting was the best course of action right now. The serum was already at work, he could feel it in the deep itch of his skin, the twisting of his belly-working away, mending the tears. He wasn’t nearly strong enough to force a physical altercation with the man. So in the meantime, he’d take the information, unreliable though it was.
Dab. Wipe. Dab. Wipe. There’s a light whirring sound, the sound of Tony’s armour unfolding automatically before the approach of Stephanie Rogers. She’s working at the wound on his shoulder now, wiping dirt away from the ragged ends of skin, and it’s the cleanest pain Tony’s ever felt. “Again and again the two of us walk out together, under the ancient trees.” And she breathes out, and sounds so terribly wistful. “lay ourselves down again and again among the flowers. And look up into the sky.”
Feb. Anniversary of our most successful mission. Maximum number of rescues, no casualties.” Sam smiled- it flicked in and out of existence just as quickly. “Thought it was dead depressing to do it on one of the guys’ death days, or Memorial day…y’know.”
Fuckity fucking fuck.
Another pause. Rhodey didn’t used to have these many pauses in his speech either. You couldn’t, not if you still wanted to be heard in a conversation with Tony Stark as a best friend.
He’d been here all night. Here through the ebb and flow of the crowds, the street filling to choking capacity at one am, drunken youth hollering at the band to ‘play their song’, and when it emptied to desolation at four, nothing but silence and tapping feet and the jazz tunes, still tripping along, to keep him company. His ass had gone numb a good while back, but his back still felt alright, courtesy of the serum.
He turned around and walked two steps to find his chair again, back dropping into the leathery seat with a groan. The impact hit his tailbone, shuddered up his entire spine. God, he was tired. He stretched his arms up high, muscles stretching and shaking weakly, even as the chair groaned behind his back. Arms came dropping down, and he cast out a hand to get a grip on the side of the workbench, pull the chair and himself closer. Folded his elbows against the cold surface for a proper headrest.
, which means fall prey to whatever our emotions think best and fuck all that logic might have had to say about it.”
“I…you didn’t know. Weren’t in control.” It looked like every word was carving out a piece of flesh, but memory-Tony continued, jaw locked and eyes staring sightlessly. “They didn’t…wasn’t your- fault.”
“Bucky killed your parents.”
This continues. He walks into the shower and finds
Vibranium is the obvious next option.
He wasn’t smiling. But something about him- maybe the lack of pain in his eyes, Tony had spent so long being angry that he’d never given more than a second’s notice to the pain in those eyes- something. Seemed to be at peace.
He hadn’t believed he could have felt anything stronger than the disgust that had uncurled through his chest then-…..but this.
Steve looked at him. Seconds passed, long and slowly drawn out. His eyes seemed lost. “But it’s the good parts that hurt.”
She’d left her sketchbook behind in the workshop-he sneaks the page between her drawings of the New York skyline and a half-eaten apple. He doesn’t ask JARVIS when she reads it, doesn’t care to eventually see her reactions. Doesn’t know if she ever will. But it’s there, waiting. In case she might ever care to.
having fun, it got him antsy. Steve seemed to be not expecting him to leave. And, uh. What was up with that?
had composed for him back in the land where rainbows double up as transport routes. Bruce and Natasha are the two main nerds in the debate, babbling on and on about some or the other famous dead poets that they admire-as much as a depressed guy with anger management problems and a sociopathic rehabilitated ex-Soviet assassin can babble.
Onscreen, Tony sidestepped a passer-by, and his lips moved- maybe in apology, Steve could hear nothing. He stopped at yet another crossing, and waited, face lined, eyes fixed at some unseeing point on the horizon. Steve jabbed at the pause button, chest burning.
And Tony’s eyes flew open, to see the King looking straight back at him. “I realised,” T’Challa said, cold and enunciated. “That by killing Zemo, I was killing two people. Him, and me. I was killing the legacy that my father was leaving behind- of grace, and control, and justice. The Black Panther stands for bigger things than vengeance.”
“This isn’t the epiphany.” Steve said, and there was nothing wishful about those words. “This isn’t the big realisation, followed by the big apology. Because if it were… you wouldn’t still be here. I wouldn’t ask you to listen. I’d respect that you have nothing more to say, and nothing more to listen to.” A deep, rattling breath. Like his chest had been hollowed inside out. “I would let you go.”
really is quite excellent, but it gets a little explicit what with the talk of assfuc–”
The silence dragged much longer this time, and Clint was surprised it dragged at all. What was Nat holding up her sleeve this time? What logic would she use to explain this? There had to be one, he was sure of it. He was ready to accept it and take it for scripture. There were too many versions of the truth-if he had to pick one, he’d pick hers.
“Oh, this isn’t UN data.” Rhodey said, light as ever, and with a snap of the fingers the orange dots disappeared, leaving the map of the islands behind. “
“Sorry platypus.” Tony murmured. If DUM-E had fallen and couldn’t get back up, he’d be whining about it forever.
The quietest of
“Fair skin, flaxen hair.” Tom smiled again, small and quiet, as if it was a joke. “Someone like you…there are many like you. Men and women. Who come…build us houses. Hospitals. Schools. Who want to help. We see it, and we welcome it. We are grateful.”
“You know what, Pete.” His voice was a rasp, and he didn’t even
(He knew the language still smelt of home to her. A home that had given her more pain than belonging. A home she could never return to.)
“You think they were driven out by the quakes? Or they anticipated us, somehow?”
“That’s remarkable irresponsible of you.” Vision said, and Steve couldn’t stop his jaw dropping, for a second. For all the resignation and understanding and frustration (
A moment of silence. Two.
“In accountability, yes.” The words pushed out, Tony’s eyes just as unwavering as that day, so many days and years ago, when he’d pledged to the Avengers as something greater than himself. “To be held responsible when I screw up. When we all do. But not to martyring myself for the shitload of nothing that I did wrong.”
“But I was never forced to it. Never bent my will.” Steve smiled, as humourless as any smile Tony might have facsimiled over the last few months. “Bu– people used to say I had strong principles. And maybe my wants were less about…self-preservation, or winning a big buck, or…but they were still
“Simple life.”
Tony grinned outright, moving away from his spot behind Rhodey’s shoulder to turn the corner of the table, and promptly squat his butt atop it, a foot away from the drafting pad. Rhodey’s brows climbed, but he said nothing. Tony beamed, swinging his legs, a dignified man of sixty five. “My nicknames are always appropriate, pumpkin patch. Can
them if he wanted them, all of them, and yet. How could he have been so- so selfish and
they all seemed in service of, in practice for this time, this second: staring at one another, locked in perfect understanding.
“While you do what, exactly?” Standing out in the open was making Tony antsy, but the three heat-signatures were still shimmering red and safely indoors. “Find cover and cower sensibly while Iron Man saves the day?”
He knows what he’s supposed to be thinking.
“Maybe,” Ross acquiesced, but not before his lip quirked upward under that godforsaken moustache. “except I wanted to deliver the job offer in person.”
The irritation, the teasing, vanished as quick as if they hadn’t even been there. His tone was sober, “Somewhere you gotta be?”
- and he
“I don’t un-” FRIDAY began, but a sharp whine cut her off-the sound of a repulsor charging. Tony straightened his elbow, gauntlet pointed straight ahead. His fingers flexed as the pulse discharged; an unconscious reflex that didn’t do much since the armour was deploying the order.
Steve faced him, not even a full yard away, both dark and colourless against Mekong’s turbulent skies. Tony hadn’t heard his following footsteps, though he must have followed. He just stood, unspeaking, while water scored past and bleached the lines of a face, a profile that just seemed…bleak. Apathetic.
know, they quoted it in one of my favourite shows–” Tony upped the intensity of the glower by a few degrees, “
The phrasing made it sound like a regular occurrence-it was anything but. One errant blip, one in-and-out op in St. Petersburg that barely took an hour. It was…surprising how well the system was working really, if one functioned on the assumption that they’d be called in everytime something had gone wrong. Which meant it mostly hadn’t.
In spite of the myriad feelings twisting behind his sternum, Tony turned- and a bot with one hand rolled up the kitchen floor, pepper can held aloft.
Although… “Send DUM-E up, after a while?”
was what Tony was about to completely, unironically say – which was inadmissible, so this is what he said instead. “could take that either of two ways, which is that you’ve finally been confronted with the bland, whitebread nature of your existence, in which case good on you, or that you think you’re the coolest thing since
“Thursday.” Tony nodded, and then again as if he’d forgotten to do it the first time. He turned, motion sluggish, and slowly walked away, head bent and ponderous. Steve watched his back, all the way till he reached…his group of friends who’d been waiting for him. And watching. Oh golly.
God, he looked so
“Zip.” Tony lifted one red-and-gold finger, dropping it when Steve pursed his mouth, a little mulishly. “I am a big boy who can handle some friction with my… ‘team lead’, in the most generous description of the term. I didn’t leave the team because of you. I am not continuing to stay
The cup is three fourths done by the time he reaches the workshop. Which is fortunate, because when the lights come up and his machines sing him a good morning, DUM-E comes flailing by to add to the greeting and Tony inhales the remaining coffee up his nose. Mostly because that mechanical arm is waving wildly in the air, and on the strut he can just glimpse-
“Take it up with her.” Was Rhodey’s lacklustre response, head craning to the side to squint at the lines on the page as if that would make a jot of a difference. It was a pencil drawing, not a freaking kaleidoscope.
.” Mock frustrated as the tone was, Peter was still grinning. Tony could feel his heart swell a million sizes.
Ross didn’t argue further; Tony almost hated him for that. Wasn’t that what sharks did-swoop in for the kill when they smelt blood in the water? But there he stood, fingers deforming the plastic bottle in his grip, breathing heavy and blood leaking from the unseen cuts slashed upon his person, while Ross just…backed away. Footsteps drawing into the distance just as easily as they had approached, a door swinging shut, the Facility all emptied out again. Words left hanging in the air.
And just like that, the world changed.
FRIDAY was like that. Far more open about her…emotions, unlike JARVIS who’d like to communicate solely through snark, as if far less caring of Asimov’s Laws than concerned with Tony’s feelings. As far as said feelings were concerned, Tony was making a rather concentrated effort to focus on said FRIDAY/JARVIS comparison- it made it easier not to think about his muscles that had frozen in place the second that computerised voice had spoken the words.
A pause, all too deliberate. Clint felt out the words slowly, “I thought you and Stark didn’t see eye to eye anymore.”
, he thinks, when she surveys him with disdain and unbending posture, fifty thousand feet above the sea in a Helicarrier that’s fated to crash. She calls him flashy, and he calls her useless, and when he spits his catchphrase at her with none of the anger and all of the smarm, she adopts his father’s voice and tells him she’s known men worth ten of him.
. Steve’s voice didn’t change. “Where are we?”
have been overbooked for the past decade.”
Natasha repeated it, maybe just to be sure. “You were on the side helping them get away.”
“How many loved your moments of glad grace.”
At night, long after Stephanie has imparted one last smile in his direction and taken her leave, he actually makes it to his bedroom. There’s a last scrap of paper pinned to his pillow, and he’s expecting something dorky and remotely connected like a philosophical discourse on the nature of sleep. What he finds, noted down in a hand that’s unsteadier than usual, is this.
in the world.
That had been a second ago.
“High school English is
“I have… Arlington.” Steve awkwardly presses himself against the wall of the overfull coffeeshop, paper cup oozing warmth through his palms. Sometimes, if he lets himself forget, the crowds piling through the street and bustling indoors can still stun him. “There’s a memorial there, I mean. But if I could pick, after I eventually… Brooklyn, probably. In the Barnes family plot, if they allow it.”
Sokovia, Ultron, Bucky Barnes falling from a train. All warped into the same feedback cycle.
being cast on his design capabilities, thank you very much. “You could.”
The shelter wasn’t very big. The suit wouldn’t let him…feel things. Like the dank warmth wafting off a posthuman body, even with three inches between their shoulders. The suit was designed that way – a single degree of separation between him and the world. Sometimes, that was essential to survival. He had never been more grateful.
against his skull, a marching beat of rain hitting the helmet like a chorus of white noise. Monsoon green stretched below him in an unending expanse, threatening grey above – and he flew towards the horizon, unfeeling of the downpour that battered against the suit. Ever so often thunder would crack, close enough to make his speakers rattle with the feedback, the power level in the suit spiking with every roar.
, and Wanda, and T’Challa, wise and supportive, and Scott, eyes glowing with hero-worship, and Bucky, who was
“Intentions don’t matter.” The words snapped, and Clint jerked back on instinct. Nat’s frame was as still as ever, nothing in her posture to indicate a change; but her words were falling swiftly. “Tony didn’t intend to hunt down his teammates but that’s what we ended up doing anyway. He and Bruce created a homicidal A.I. that led to the disaster which brought us to this path, regardless of their intentions. And Wanda messed with his head in the first place.”
And then he heard the door creak open behind his back, a wavering voice. “Clint?”
Steve didn’t blink. “You don’t look like a Tom.” He’d already guzzled the liquid the man had poured into his mouth in his earlier, mindless state. Not his best moment. Sure, it tasted like water, albeit slightly stale and tacky, but that didn’t prove anything. He didn’t intend on making any further mistakes.
For the next five steps, Steve didn’t respond. Barely a sound intervened in the silence, except the rhythmic clanking of the suit, the rise and fall of their breaths with the wind. And then, “D’you think there’s any way we can get out of it?”
Steve was wearing a blue-and-white checkered button down, over a plain white t-shirt. Blue jeans, whose fit he wasn’t entirely comfortable with. White running shoes.
“For him? As long as he needs. For us? Five seconds.”
“It was…cold, that day.” The words came like heavy boulders, slow and bleak and remembering. Steve’s eyes didn’t flicker. “The kind that bites at your toes, turns the sheets to ice. The snow wasn’t pretty – grit and slush, boot heels slick with it.”
It wasn’t just her, though. There was a beautiful blonde woman, leaning against the railing of the St. Kilda bridge, the Yarra river gleaming sleekly in the background. Tight, groomed curls over a long black dress, a silk scarf encasing her shoulders. A redheaded man was photographing her, long sleeved shirt folded to the elbows, corduroy pants worn over loafers. They seemed just as alien to him as the green-haired girl trudging in front of him, as did every laughing, merry face on the road today. Every pair of crinkled eyes, every excitable voice. Like Steve was somehow incorporeal, existing on a plane separate to the rest of these people; the ones who’d been born in and had grown up in this world.
There wasn’t any natural light, in the workshop. Skylights or windows. And it hadn’t been daytime.
But..
“I know you didn’t.” Sam cut in, and Stark startled, widened eyes flitting to his own for brief seconds.
Of course. Like the half a million other inexplicable, stupid things in this stupid century. Steve speed-walked through the rest-models of samurai armour, built of large iron plates bound together with cotton, kabuki masks with heightened expressions, alternately monstrous and wondrous. Statuettes, paintings, illustrations.
, and the Mark I’s vambraces dislocated from the whole, sliding to the bottom of the alcove and toppling out with a clang. Tony lunged for the piece, fingers sliding into place effortlessly as he hoisted the flamethrower off the ground – it had been a while since he’d borne the weight himself, but some things never left your system. There was always the chance that the missile had severed an important connection, but he whirled around all the same, staggering in place but aim holding true.
He trailed off. The cue to cut him off had been ‘white’, or possibly, ‘presents’ – which meant people weren’t paying
Water, water, water…Tony pushed himself back, the wheeled chair squeaking against the concrete of the workshop floor. Getting up was another task- his joints burned like
“Thank you, Tony.” Never had the words been more heartfelt.
Steve said nothing.
One last check. “Do a social media sweep. Any mentions of Captain America, geolocated in a five mile radius around the current location of attack.”
“Timing ain’t too bad, the press are outside anyway so you’ve skipped the hassle of calling a conference to break news of the divorce.” Tony acceded, and scattered laughs broke out in a sea of shining, amused faces. God, this felt surreal. “See, no, you’re doing it wrong, that pause was meant for the awkward silence. Maaaybe a scandalised gasp. Instead you’re all just smiling at me like I’m some deranged uncle at a wedding, which fair, I am.”
But up he had to get. So he pulled a knee forward with a screechy clank: the joints hadn’t locked, thank god. His head hung forward, chin on his collarbone- he breathed: harsh and soft and grating against his three-ton chestplate like a heaving forge. Shattered glass peeked just at the edge of his vision- no no, avert, avert. Closed his eyes, tilted his head to the ceiling. He could do this. He could absolutely do this. Up, up, up……yes, that’s it, that’s it, he hauled his body to a halfway standing position, thighs burning, knees wavering- oh no,
Repulsor shots took care of both of them, bodies hitting the floor in successive thumps. He took a second to confirm their life signals still flashing on the HUD. Down but not out, yay healing factors. Even as the smoke trails cleared from the air, something began beeping insistently on Tony’s systems – a smeared blob of colour, resolving to a half-hidden heat signature behind the counter. It mounted steadily from red to orange to yellow, finally going bluish around the edges. The explosion would take out the whole building, Tony needed a clear shot
“Right, so. I’d have kept you guys waiting, but a certain spider-themed superhero isn’t feeling very heroic right now – so here I am, delaying impending doom with a toast.” Tony lifted his glass a bit recklessly to a now-still MJ, halted in her warpath about twenty metres away. She was smiling though, so maybe homicide wasn’t on the horizon. “To be honest, I’m getting a Terminator-esqe ‘I’m gonna be slaying twenty minutes in the future anyhow’ vibe from his lovely spouse, so this may all have been in vain.”
“Since SHIELD fell.” Never looked away. Not once.
“Steve.”
and hasn’t played well with authority all his life, and wants to be the lone gunslinging hero of his own fucking show but that’s a mere blip on the landscape because who the hell would listen to that guy when there’s Captain America?”
“The creases show up more on the lighter colours, okay?” With a longstanding groan, Tony finally swung his legs off the mattress, spine cracking as he came to a sitting position. Though he’d firmly maintain that no one ever grew too old for tickling matches, his body was beginning to let its feelings be known.
“The interrogation with Loki?” She still wasn’t raising her eyes.
When Pepper first comes to work for him, he barely notices her.
“Well, it’s time for me to tap out. Maybe I should take a page out of Barton’s book…build Pepper a farm. Hope nobody blows it up.”
“I will find you.” The voice said. Determined. Assuring. “Just…hang on, alright?”
-and she isn’t frowning. Or scowling or inanimate…her lips are flickering, could that possibly be a smile…no, no, Captain America is outright
It was almost easy to understand Steve’s behaviour on the plane, after this. Who could sit still, after words lit an itch in your bloodstream and guilt a pit in your stomach and there was absolutely nothing that you could do?
anything in there or maybe he’d just been giving himself an ulcer for no reason- but the move aborted before it could even properly begin.
that he wasn’t spending his days appeasing and gratifying
And he had this…let’s call it a hunch. A hunch that him and Steve still had a long ways left to go.
It was probably a message from Clint, updating Steve on him and Wanda’s new location-slash-safehouse. Or Sam checking up on his health, refusing to remain content with reports of physical fitness alone, or Scott Lang sending him a meme because till date, the man appeared unable to hold an actual conversation with him but seemed petrified of letting their online correspondence subside just in case Steve pretended not to know the guy several weeks hereon. Steve had mostly been making do till now by responding with emojis (incredibly inane things that were perfectly adequate for a guy of comparatively fewer words like Steve).
“You’d never guess it by the name.” Sam voiced pleasantly, a reminder that Steve was still on a call.
Steve opened his mouth to say, and then snapped it shut again, because Tony wasn’t asking him about that, was he? His mouth flew open again-and now he had to say something, because Captain America couldn’t fall to the level of a goldfish. “One…one night is hard-ly.. anything. Stalkers are…a bit more long term, I think.”
Rhodey didn’t avert his eyes, or pretend. “There a reason you still have that letter in your pocket?”
Some people crumple in the flame, some emerge burnished and untouched. Doesn’t matter. He just needs to find a hotter flame.
“Jealousy doesn’t suit you, Nat.” The words escaped Clint’s lips, like they were apt to. He regretted it almost immediately, which was ironic for the conversation.
Tony tramped off in the opposite direction, eyeing the clear space around a light post couple yards away for takeoff. His cams had caught sufficient video for FRIDAY to id the perps, best get some searches going when he reached the Tower. Check for military background, ‘public’ hospital records, any connections to the erstwhile Advanced Idea Mechanics… no guarantee the formula couldn’t have slipped out to other groups, but best to eliminate the obvious. He could probably smuggle in a shower sometime in between, run through the logs of FRIDAY’s latest buggy subroutine while waiting for the results–
“Fine.” Steve was exhausted. He hadn’t seen any action in weeks, and was finally going to get some, and the point he’d been trying to make and fight for
“I’m looking for the groom. Have you seen him?”
Tony opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling.
“You could tie it into a ponytail and whip it across your enemies’ faces.” Tony proposed hopefully. “We could call it the Widow’s Sting.”
Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t look away now. Tony stared on at the wall, eyes unblinking, moisture pricking at the corners of his lids from the force of keeping them open.
He knocked into the ficus on his way to the elevator, unable to slow down even when dirt and ceramic smashed into polished tile.
It was the third of the tabs that had opened-
The screen was dark, no sound playing in the background for several seconds. Steve could still feel the tension thrumming in his skin, coiling tighter and tighter by the second as he stared unblinkingly at the screen.
“There are aliens in the sky. Just like you said there’d be.” Steve smiled, if you could call a fissure on that face a smile, and stared sightlessly at the skies. “And maybe this is what being a futurist feels like – but I can see it so clearly, you know? You soaring off to save the world, while we’re stirring from our beds. Watching. Watching.”
The hurt hadn’t left, but had morphed maybe – from a sharp, cleaving pain in his chest to something more bearable. It was the throb of a shoulder dislocated, hollow and jarring and faintly terrifying – except there was a sudden thud of Kevlar against concrete, and Steve was kneeling by his side, stroking bare fingers over the same lines that Tony’s hands were following. Tony blinked and looked away, but not fast enough to stop the ache
and it’s not a metaphor.
But then their footsteps were slowing as they neared the inevitable destination, the suit whirring to a standstill. Their chins were lifting up as one, gazes settling on…on what would always be Avengers Tower, tall and gleaming in the light of dawn like not a day had passed since two thousand and twelve.
Steve exhaled.
He was tempted to send a piece of his mind back in response- the reply button taunted him. Tempted to type that apparently he’d left his shield in the care of the wrong man. Almost tempted to think that he should have brought down the shield where it was initially aime-
“You…don’t mean that.” Bucky’s voice. Not lifting in the end, not even the slightest. Not even bothering with hope.
Her eyelids rose, red lashes turning gold in the light. Her eyes were colourless. “You blame me for something.”
When the fire died down, two goons with slightly-smoking clothing were gawping back at him. Tony raised his arms up wide. “And now I’ve thrown you off your rhythm.”
He turned around, taking a solid two steps before Steve spoke to his back, words carrying despite the downtown Manhattan clamour and a quiet voice. “I wouldn’t press if it didn’t feel like… you wanted to come back, sometimes.”
(…Nate. God. If Clint started thinking about him now, he might just break down and then they’d get nowhere at all.)
, ripping his consciousness apart, control wrenched from his hands–
(See the end of the chapter for
a knee flung over Steve’s abdomen, fingers scrabbling at the bare skin of his sides. He was triumphant for three shining seconds, Steve caught in place, face reddening with suppressed laughter; before the bastard squirmed out like an eel and flipped Tony on his back again, fingers descending like tormentors from hell.
Sam didn’t break eye contact. “For you, maybe. Not for us.”
“No.” Tony said, fingers drifting to his throat – knuckles brushing against the silk of his tie, before he curled them in. “I mean, yeah. Yeah, of course.”
From there though, the progression of Steve’s thoughts was almost inevitable- the poorly lit scenes flashing before his eyelids, Howard’s face crumpling as it was smashed in by a metal fist. Steve’s chest squeezed in pain at the memory; but for perhaps the first time, it wasn’t because of Bucky’s impassionate face, or horror at what his best friend had become. He saw another friend’s life brought to a merciless end, effortlessly charming, fiercely intelligent, and grieved; because while Bucky’s head had been slowly being erased of all traces of Steve, and Peggy had been getting married- Howard Stark had been sending expedition after expedition to the Arctic determined to keep Captain America alive.
(not nearly as simple as it sounded. But it also was, just as the only thing stronger in this moment than his need to argue, was his need not to.)
Tony’s lip quirked, just a little. “And you said?”
Tony tapped his index finger to his thumb, once to recall the last screen, once more to blow it up. R&D, Ross, Ross, another U.S. Brigadier General, the legal team that represented S.I., Ross, and then…there.
“I wished to surprise you.” FRIDAY finished, quietly.
“Unconfirmed.” FRIDAY said. “But they appear to be enhanced.”
The beam hit.
“People are
Everything seemed to glow very faintly. The skies were reflected in the glossy facades of skyscrapers, in the water puddling on the sidewalks, like this was a dawn after a night of torrential rain.
Rhodey tilted his head to the right, bopping the side of Tony’s forehead with his own, almost absent minded. “Yeah. Yeah, we have.”
Yeah, Ross was definitely looking amused now. What the hell was he playing at? “SHIELD will continue to function as it has been functioning all this while. You’ll just be the rubber stamp. Pretend some authority, liaise at times, smile nice for the world and make sure everything goes by UN regulations. You’re still technically a private individual Tony; this changes that. Gives you a formal place in the hierarchy, allows you a better position with which to negotiate with the other nations and their leaders as you’ve been doing for the past weeks. And with recent events, you’d be surprised with the upswing of public opinion of you and SI in general…”
The kettle whistles, Tony pads over to the stove – and for an instant, it’s as if a cloud passes and Steve is convinced this is a BARF memory. There by the corner, the real Tony stands with shoulders curled in – gaunt, emaciated, mouthing words.
There was no cross-hatching in the drawing taking shape before his eyes now; no delicate play of light and shade, no licking of the little finger and subsequent smudging and blending of the charcoal. But it wasn’t any less mesmerising, for all that its beauty arose from the little scribbled figures around the straight lines instead of elaborate shading, the angles between – hell, it was practically geni–
Tony grinned at the lifeless helm of the Mark XVII, irrepressibly cheered. “I was thinking of putting in skylights in the workshop – brighten the place up. Whaddya think?”
“I’m… yeah. Seems like they’ve got it handled.” Tony waved vaguely at the controlled chaos behind them, wincing at the squeal of a reverse alarm as a tow truck backed into place a couple shopfronts away.
“Steve?”
That was...well, Steve knew what that was.
Three minutes elapsed, with Tony’s steady footfalls, rounding corners and pausing at crossings- before Steve realised that nothing was going to happen.
When the door banged open, it was like being released into a new world. The smell of salt was crisp on his senses, underlaid by the pungent tang of seaweed. The air slapping him across the face was brisk, and wet. Cold. Steve put a foot forward, and Tom followed him; steady under his arm all the while.
“Cockiness isn’t going to land you a position on the team, you know.” And the room was as dingy as ever, bulb trying on in vain to illuminate the little space, but somehow it stopped looking so dim.
The sound of a repulsor going off, and nothing but smoking black slag where a screen had been.
He was familiar with the action of watching Tony Stark on video. Most of the modern world that had grown up in this century was- the man was everywhere. And he knew how to conduct himself: it was like his every action, every movement was perfectly choreographed to draw eyes, draw attention and keep it. Like every second of the man’s life was meant to be caught on film. Maybe that was why this unending, shaky bit of footage was so off-putting. It was like nothing that Tony Stark had ever put on show before. No skin, no alcohol, no buzzed celebrities hanging off his arm, no glitterati, no insults and quips in equal measure being flung at the camera. No impassioned speeches, no iron suit, no explosions.
one more time.
thrummed through the air, the EXO wings unfolding from his shoulders and drawing up high. Sam moved them-two harsh beats, slicing through the air-and the wind was alive with sand, hard and abrasive. It settled a minute later, gradually drifting to rest on the gravelly beach-and revealed a set of cemented steps, trailing downward into the ground, end unseen and buried under sand.
Curiosity somewhat mitigating the irritability at the interruption of sleep, Steve started blindly feeling around for his phone, the flashing light not helping in the locating process in the slightest. It could always just be spam, and Steve would have quite a few choice words in case it was (he hadn’t needed anyone to explain to him that all those ‘Work from home for a thousand bucks a day!!!’ mails were complete rubbish- and he had a couple more words for those crooks who thought duping innocent people and giving them false hope was somehow acceptable)- but Tony’s spam filters were nigh supernatural; the man was a bragger, but also undeniably a Midas with anything remotely electro-
This Tony doesn’t have grey in his beard yet, but even as his lips move and Steve braces himself, he says–
That jaw grew tighter. Rhodey turned his eyes from the images, expression barely keeping to patience. “Look, we don’t have time to talk about thi-”
Press.
“I guess I just like being around things older than myself.” The exit yawned open beyond the displays, a steel mezzanine leading to the ground level. Steve pushed past glass doors again, walked downwards slowly.
“Possibly.” Iron Man assented, and walked forward. A building whine, and Sam barely had two seconds to prepare himself before a deafening
“Do you, perchance, need rescuing from that avalanche of fallen candy you’ve been squashed under?” Tony enquired generously. “Or maybe a hand up from that deep pit you tumbled down while running away from temples and surfing subways?”
Dawn arrived, bright and sunny-or dreary and dismal, he wouldn’t know. Steve hadn’t looked at the sky in a while.
, and surely the public’s faith in our ability to reign you all in is restored, right?”
“Well.” Tony stepped back, hands to the sides, voice coldly, bitterly triumphant. “Seems like you wouldn’t have done much of anything differently after all.”
Tony wanted something realistic, something feasible- and Steve didn’t care how presumptive that sounded, because it was true. A man like Tony Stark knew little the difference between dreams and reality- he straddled the line between the two so effortlessly, using that damnable brain to flit back and forth like he existed on a wholly separate dimension altogether. He didn’t operate on theories and idealisation- he put things into practice. Because what use was a belief, no matter how dearly held, if you did nothing about it?
A tic in the jaw, like a glitch had occurred in the Stoic Face ™ that Steve was currently exhibiting. “Not like – you just…reminded me of someone, that’s all.”
Steve lifted his eyes, from where he’d been absentmindedly twisting the beer can cover’s metal thingy into freakish shapes, and directed an unimpressed look at Sam. The phone kept buzzing half-heartedly on the table, face down on a sticky surface that had seen god knows how many spilled fluids.
And those kicks. Perfectly angled, perfectly practiced. Nothing natural about them at all. He moved his hips too much, didn’t crouch nearly enough. This kind of dancing wasn’t supposed to be for the elegant folk, even while they did their dancing too. This was supposed to be about kicking back with a buddy after a hard day of work at the offices, or down by the docks; swing by the dance halls, step on a pretty dame’s toes. Not to present and
“Army’s here ahead of schedule.” And the shell was back in place again, features compressed into the flatness of professionality. “You need to grab your plane, and get out of here.”
Wait, she’s spitting sarcasm. What? Oh, right. The manila on the counter. She’d handed it over to him a week ago, chock full of photos and intel gleaned from their last attack on an AIM base. He’d apparently dumped it out into the public space, untouched.
He respected it, though. The idea of faith, and belief. Sometimes, humans were far more capable of putting their trust in someone, something else, than themselves. He’d seen it often enough. Patriotism-faith in the country. Faith in the people that fought at your back, your unit. And yes, faith in a higher power. He’d be remiss not to recognise the power it wielded, to bring one back from the edge of crevasses they’d been pushed to by life and its miseries. When people spoke about the strength they derived from their unshaken belief in a benevolent power that looked over their heads while they slept…he listened. On those days, God felt like the sum of humanity, and its purest parts.
to be. Steve couldn’t settle for anything less.
Tom turned again, as if just to accommodate Steve. His face still looked kind. “I apologise, that was unfair. You must permit us our…defensiveness. I mean it from the heart-do not take it personally. Someone like you, it’s just…”
“I did, Steve. We all did. And I wouldn’t have chosen differently. You told us that ‘we fight’, and we did.” Clint smiled, quick and mirthless. “But that was it, wasn’t it? We didn’t
Hours later, they’re trekking back to the Tower, clanking suit of armour and all. He’d offer to fly them back…except Steph is soot-streaked, and sweat-soaked and the stray strands of her hair are actually tinged a little red at the tips. There’s a little trickle of foreign blood making its way down her jawline, even though they’ve been fighting Doombots, because the universe loves fucking him over like that.
“On second thought, perhaps I could just turn all the holograms green.”
“You know,” Tony continued, the faintest trace of uncertainty seeping in, “to assist you to better stalk-”
Like every other set of middle class American parents raising a kid in the hullabaloo of a bustling city-Mum and Dad’s intentions of raising him to be a simple, God-fearing man were a little trampled over by a lifestyle unsuited to much devotion of time to the theological side of things. They celebrated Christmas. Attended Mass on Good Friday and even hung around to hear a sermon or two, depending on their overall feelings towards the community on that particular day of the week, and average guilt levels.
… or maybe he was gonna say that. Fuck.
or anything–”
The yellow blinked out, leaving behind nothing but what was: the towering figure, lines more hard than sleek, more dangerous than flexible. Articulation points gleaming double with added reactor ports, all possible grooves and weaknesses protected with increased thickness. Impenetrable plates, overlaid with a red that was more oxblood than hot rod, lined with a gold dark enough to look tarnished; more metal than shine. A blinding circle of white at the centre.
“What? List of ill-rehearsed platitudes?” Tony barked a laugh, razor-edged and humourless. It emerged as a jarring crack of dissonance over Iron Man’s speakers. “
as the drop of red rolls off the rim into the concrete, and Stephanie Rogers lifts her shield up higher, sheepishly, as if she’s expecting to be charged with public littering at any minute. The scarlet has left behind no trail, like mercury off glass, the metal dully shining as ever. It’s perfect-vibranium, the rarest of the rare, unblemished and unchangeable. Enduring. It’s her.
This was the moment Steve chose to
“And so the world changes.” Stark whispered. He looked…like nothing at all in the half-formed darkness, but besotted by this idea of a reality where he lost. Again. “People held accountable for their actions, because it’s the right thing to do. Because Captain America said so.” Another twitch, and those eyes were back on Sam. “Tell me, does that sound like a feasible reality to you?”
“Mathematically,” Tony announced, sliding into the urinal as easy as you’d please, “it should be impossible.”
Peter, though. His age almost ensured his naivete, except for the fact that people his age nowadays were more cynical than most- and he had…ideas, about power and responsibility that made Tony feel like he wanted to hide the boy away from the world, free from taint. He’d only felt like that once before.
So something else escaped his tongue instead. “Sometimes, I’d think about if I was just imagining it too… too sunny. Too bright. What would’ve happened if I’d never gone down in the ice.”
Not that it isn’t important, to certain kinds of people. Love. It’s just that Tony has had more…significant emotions to contend with, all his life. Not that he knew that in his younger years.
were the one harping on how ‘it isn’t safe to have everyone under one roof’.” Sam pushed the empty can away, and stretched his arms over his head in languorous preparation. “Don’t go backsies on your own words now.”
, just like it was supposed to be. But then Tony asked one, small little question…..and somehow all the words, all the voices in Steve’s head had nothing to say. Nothing to say at all.
, but soon the redhead would twist sinuously, legs flying out, body curving back in absolute trust, crowd crying out in appreciation-effortlessly modern. It should have been just as off-putting as the previous performance, but as her toes touched the floor, they looked at each other-the smallest of nods, the touch of a smile on the blonde’s lips-partners at the end of a perfect maneuver.
“Robot eleven down for the count!” Barton crows from somewhere behind him, and Tony
So Tony had finally been sent in, replete with UN sanctions, the fastest of the lot. The estimated danger was minimum, what with the David Copperfield vanishing act, but the Iron Legion was on standby in twenty minutes in case the situation went south. The location was a mere mile away at this point, and all readings approached normal, apart from a slight spike in methane which was probably produced by all the paddy–
“Excellent.” Vision said, short and crisp. “I’ll send you the coordinates and any additional information over an encrypted text.”
Yet….nothing happening was a bit of a misnomer. For, with every second of Tony putting right foot in front of the left, lips silent and unmoving; Steve’s chest drew tighter and tighter. He would have envied the fresh air that Tony was getting to breathe in, if it didn’t seem so much like the man was trying to
a little stalkery.
“Or maybe I just trusted myself and other people agreed with me.” The words stilled Tony’s breath in his chest, made him look up sharply to meet that ever-discerning blue gaze. Steve didn’t look away – and the message was clear.
“Was it truly madness though? Or something…deeper. Something I’ve borne witness to in all of my associates…my friends. Something perhaps best evidenced by,” a hitch of hesitance here, a flash of emotion on that metallic, invulnerable, painfully empathetic face, “by Mr Maximoff’s demise. Mr Stark took it entirely on himself, he was the hand behind the creation that terminated such a young life. Agent Barton’s was the life that Mr Maximoff had chosen to exchange for his own; his guilt was only natural. Wan- “ Another twitch. “Miss Maximoff blamed herself for letting her brother get experimented on in the first place, getting so consumed by vengeance. And you’ve chosen to lug the load of Pietro’s life upon your conscience like you’ve had thousands of young soldiers’ lives before…haven’t you, Captain?”
“I do not know how much you care for yourself, Tony Stark- if at all.” A feather light touch, a king gripping his shoulder for a moment. Tony stared on, and T’Challa’s eyes looked back in something akin to kindness. “But as a fellow man, I say- Iron Man deserves to be alive. Him, and every drop of redemption he stands for.”
“It’s not the same.” He protests, but Steph is walking ahead with that little quirk to her lip and Tony doesn’t want to sound like a fifteen-year old but all he’s thinking is
“Pepper.” Tony resisted the urge to fiddle with the cuffs of his jacket. It would accomplish nothing. All his first impulses were the same- deflect, joke, snark, jibe, throw it back at her. Ultimately useless. So it only made sense to go straight for it. “How much do you know?”
“T..Tony.” There was warmth at the back of his neck, warmth separate from the burn carving through the right side of his chest. Like someone was clasping his neck, bracing it – like Steve’s stolen touch did not matter, because Tony would always give everything freely away.
“I..”
“Was the end of war. Couldn’t have been all sunshine and roses.” And for all of his heartache, he’d gotten to skip that part, hadn’t he? Hadn’t had to live with the aftermath. Bombed out streets, diners that were looking a lot emptier, hollow smiles and haunted eyes, empty chairs at the kitchen table.
(God, he missed them all.)
In that other past, and now that was The Other – Peggy had set him free in the seventies, aided by information that Steve left behind. When Steve re-emerged in twenty-twelve, he had no idea where Bucky was and how the years had passed for him – fettering his impulses in steel, and letting it remain that way. His interference would accomplish little, and Bucky had always managed on without him.
Moments passed. When the words finally came, they barely pierced through the silence. “I’m sorry.”
Tony’s footsteps echoed on the reflective concrete, lights flickering to life above him with every motion-detected step. He turned the corner, eyes flickering over the space – motionless cars with glossy hoods running all along one wall, reflecting the shiny light fixtures. The other wall was split into alcoves, each hallowed in dim blue and hosting a suit, looking on vacantly.
“Yeah, s’what I thought.” Stark matched Sam’s tired smile, wrinkle for wrinkle. His eyes were still unreadable. “It’s not my fault, and Rhodey stood by my side because he believed in what we were working for. Everyone on my side did. They had logic, and reasoning, and practicality, and principles. I should feel more…righteous about that, actually.” A breath full of exhaled mirthlessness. “But because I’m a selfish dickwad, sometimes I wish they’d chosen a side out of loyalty. Stayed for me.”
But Peggy only smiled on, uncharacteristic, shine of white teeth like something lacquered over. “Have some water, dear, you sound parched.”
“I know.”
For all of that, though. All of his blinding compulsion to solve issues before they arise, save the world before it gets set on fire. This…
“What. What the fuck, no, no, fuck, no,
. Steve looked into Vision’s limitless eyes, and said nothing.
Those eyes were on him. Tony. Tony was looking at him. They were-looking at each other. Okay. Okay. Steve could do that. How many times did one blink in a minute? Was he blinking a normal amount of times? No wait, he lost count.
Except the one right at the end. The man’s lips curved over his immaculate goatee, but into something more akin to a smirk than a smile. He was…off, in other ways too. Unlike the rest of his troupe members, his dark trousers tapered down instead of flaring into wide pleats, hugging his calves with every movement, fitted hems shaking free of his ankles with every sharp kick. His shoes were glossy, heeled. His black suspenders stretched over a bright red shirt-did the man do his research at all? No one
He rested a hand on the cool ceramic of the basin, fingers unconsciously digging into the spindly cracks on the surface. The other damp hand ran down his side to slip into his right trouser pocket, finding what it wanted with ease. It was the only thing there-he never brought his phone along when he dropped in on Peter.
Right at the edge, before the stage sloped down into steps-Tony paused. Looked back distractedly, eyes catching over Steve’s.
Tony doesn’t leer at Stephanie Rogers when he first meets her, as much as he knows that doing so would throw her off, make her back up a couple steps. He’s heard accounts of how frail she was before the Serum, and not many people would openly hit on an intimidating, overly muscled Captain America. She wouldn’t be used to it, it would work. She would stop engaging with him, disgust apparent in those furiously blue eyes and speak only when necessary. It would be easy, too easy.
Tony’s always been a bit late, to get with the plan.
“That’s enough.” The words escaped before Tony could give them permission; but he probably wouldn’t have decided otherwise. His chest was feeling abnormally constricted again. He probably didn’t sound very convincing, words falling over themselves and not nearly firm enough, but he needed this conversation over
Another pause in response. “Breath patterns indicate Colonel Rhodes has left REM quite a long time ago, although his eyelids are closed.”
“You had said something, once. I don’t remember to whom, or when. Maybe to Bruce.” Steve fixed his eyes on the same horizon that Tony’s were scoping so intently. “It was something about how hating yourself was the first step to being a good person. How goodness requires a deep, intense self-loathing.” He exhaled, air whistling out past his teeth. “Because the only way for the fickle human mind to be good is to guilt yourself into it. And the second you do start believing in your own goodness….you lapse again.”
“I’m not, actually.” An exhale that sounded more resigned than amused, mouth softening imperceptibly. “I’ve never disbelieved you, Tony. Never thought you didn’t have a point, when you’d go on about the dangers that waited out there, ready to descend from the skies. Things like these, Loki, it’s just…” Steve lifted his chin, blue eyes darting to the sky like they could still see leviathans curling through the air. “They don’t stop. They never stop. First war I ever fought, they told us we were fighting to end all wars – and the only way to keep on and on, get up in the morning and wear the uniform another day, was to believe them.”
Tony jerked back in response, dark eyes widening for a moment. They scoped over Steve’s own, for an infinite second.
from the team because of you. I’d ask you to stop being self-absorbed and pull your head out of your ass, except that would be belabouring the point since by sticking your head up your ass you are literally self-ab–”
Of course, now he knew that Tony had simply…..given it away to Vision. Which made sense, as far as the location of the chip was concerned- the Accords had done a lot to legitimise Vision in the public’s eyes, but he was still an omnipotent, artificial, terrifyingly powerful being whose brother had raised a city to the skies. Apart from Avengers missions, Vision didn’t much step out of the facility.
“I suppose I can live with that.” His heels were three inches deep in the sand. He’d been digging them in, and hadn’t even noticed. But they just sunk right through.
poetry?
“No. No.” And the eyes were back again, and Clint was uncurling from his crouched position to stand, unexpectedly severe. “I chose this. That’s not what you apologise for, Captain. Any more than Stark apologises for having an
Steve moved closer. He could feel the heat steaming off the floor now, the thunder of dancing shoes hitting the boards in tandem vibrating in his chest. Hear their strained, exhilarated breaths rush out of their lungs, pouring into his ears over the trombone solo.
“Nothing like being called ‘Underoos’ to legitimise your identity as a superhero.” Peter was demolishing the tower faster than it had piled up, till only draggly, soggy bits of vegetable remained.
(it was another of his avoidant schemes, if one bothered to keep track of those kind of things. Instead of, ‘I’m feeling vulnerable and want to take back some power in this situation’, it was, ‘I’m Tony fucking Stark’. Because Tony fucking Stark didn’t have intimacy issues, or defensive reflexes, or explicable, real emotions. Tony fucking Stark was an asshole just because.)
-all adding to the concerto of sound building in the world outside.
He’s going out of the world (in all literal and figurative sense) with a curious lightness in his heart, even when he lets the nuke go and closes his eyes. Gravity pulls at his spine and the world is silent-until a roar pierces through his eardrums and he shoots awake, coughing and gasping and the earth still firmly behind his back.
“Why do you like it, this much?”
still kill Bucky if you had the chance to do it?”
His chest locked up before he’d even really comprehended the words, pause dragging on as he blinked unseeingly at double walled glass. It… it wasn’t so much the other shoe dropping, as a giant fucking metric ton of steel, weight flattening anything in a mile-long radius.
Tony looked down one last time, watched DUM-E trundle into place by the side of his feet. The tip of the metallic arm came whirring down, resting uncomfortably on his right thigh. He gave the blanket a little jerk with his fingers, made sure it covered his toes and DUM-E’s broad steel base. DUM-E beeped.
“It’s fine, Cap.” Sam had always called him Cap more than Steve, more than almost anyone else, but now that he didn’t have the shield anymore, the nickname jarred somehow (or at least that’s what he thought the reason was). And it jarred even more now, with Sam’s eyes clouded over with memory, and the life and friends that he was being kept away from.
Steve’s voice stuck in his throat- this was a hard bargain. Faces and screams and numbers flashed before his eyes, but…
“I was thinking more about the alien conqueror waiting outside this dreamscape.”
Then there were smoke trails in the air, and hissing in his ear – and screaming, so much screaming. Copper in his mouth, tongue swollen and lolling out, Afghanistan in his head; sharp things, pieces of fire, tearing into his skin and pulling his insides out.
the thought slid into his mind, sudden and clear and perfectly formed. Not the low croon of the sax, or upbeat tempo of swing music; not the old-fashioned curve of the Cadillac, or the sharp snap of suspenders, or Fred and Ginger cutting a sharp step through the dance floor.
“Is it the Spiderling again?” Rhodey’s eyes narrowed so swiftly that it was almost hilarious. If the idea of finding something hilarious right now wasn’t hilarious. Or bipolar. “I swear Tony, if you’ve gone recruiting in high schools again-”
MJ, Peter’s cool, alternative-culture girlfriend.” And there she was now, rocking a red jumpsuit and a self-engineered wedding band, with a ‘damn straight’ smirk curling up her lips. Sure, Tony was a spectacular specimen of his time, but hell if this new generation wasn’t something else. “Y’know, in that she doesn’t give a rat’s ass what people think, and believes in a fair, just society and the betterment of human kind.”
Tony watched Steve Rogers walk side by side his memory self, words flicking back and forth between the two lightheartedly. The Avengers facility loomed tall and glossy in the background, the lawn still smoking from where Thor had taken off to find answers in Asgard not two minutes ago. Steve was in his uniform…Tony’s eyes dropped automatically to the bare strap on his back, the empty right hand; and felt like a first class coward for the tight mix of relief and clawing black hurt in his chest.
Tony hit the couch cushions shin first, then turned around on being released to flop down next to Steve, all the while attempting to straighten his blazer with meticulous fingers. God, forties handsiness was weird. Sometimes, Tony tried to imagine Steve and Howard engaging in ‘friendly fisticuffs’ and ended up gagging.
He wondered if he should say more. T’Challa had already made his distaste of foreign-made vibranium weapons quite clear- and the only thing remotely weapon-like that had been forged out of the ‘stolen vibranium’ was a shield (though Tony would never underestimate the dangerous capacity of it again). He should probably wax eloquent on how he proposed to use this particular one for the good of the people and the protection of the masses and other such nice, philosophical things, except what came out of his mouth was, “That was an Inception quote, by the way. The idea thing. Great Nolan movie. Hey, do you guys get American movies around he-“
“I’ll come,” Natasha said, pretending to shuffle through her fake paperwork again. There were probably logical reasons behind the scam too, like ‘for classified eyes only’ and all, but damn if it didn’t feel vindictive.
“People. People eat popsicles and bananas and other suspiciously shaped things because we’re all fifteen year olds. Wear leather pants and tie cherry stems into knots….” And this is going nowhere. So his voice just comes out, quick and strained and a little lost. “People don’t. Don’t recite poetry to…”
by them anyway. “We don’t have the time for this, we need to get to-”
“Tom Ford is not machine washable, Steve.” Tony’s eyes were drooping again, the nuzzling having a decidedly soporific effect. “The man or his designs–
“Alright, come on out.”
But she needed rationale right now, not emotion. “You’re the one who hasn’t been in contact.”
“FRIDAY, distress call.” His thighs bumped something hard – his feet had taken him all the way back till he’d come up against one of the cars, hands feeling backwards for balance on the cool bonnet. “If you’re… distress call. Distress call.”
The expected ‘
“-they aren’t exactly incognito.” Rhodey finished.
“It’s nothing new.” His tone was low and controlled, the way it got when Rhodey was trying to breathe normally. Tony didn’t know that about him, before. “Fleets of boats, crossing hundreds of miles of ocean to get to safety. Well, I say fleets. More like a procession of rickety wooden corpses that capsize more often than not.”
Something gurgled at the back of his throat. Steve stared up at the sky, unseeing – until his vision was filled with something too familiar, hair and face and eyes looking down, so deeply embedded into his psyche that he couldn’t not recognise–
Steve did close his eyes then, high trains and frozen bunkers, dropped shields and whining repulsors, all muddled up in his head. The voice in his head had gibbered itself to silence. One beat. Two.
Wait. Wait, what?
“Kay, J. Peace.” Another slight click, the call disconnecting. ‘Hang on’. Modern slang sounded so odd in that old-fashioned, British register. It was the same like with Ste-
all that he could have and it wasn’t good enough.”
“S’been a while since I did.” A while since his mind had stood so still, since his breaths had fallen so evenly. And all as they were trapped here in a constructed reality, while humanity faced an extinction level event. Tony’s mind had always functioned in odd ways, but this was inexplicable even for him. This peaceful skyline arrayed before his eyes now was a lie, there were portals over New York again, his worst nightmare was coming true –
“Except I haven’t.” Tony relaxed his fingers and the chain unsnarled, tags swinging down to dangle against his breastbone, just over his scars. “You and I…we’ve worked our asses off to get where we are. Here, with each other.”
A spike of defensiveness –
“So you’re telling me you let private companies buy their way into a militarised organisation.” Tony’s words mixed incredulity and scorn with rare skill. “And now you’re putting the CEO of said company in charge.”
Another mirthless smile, fringed by darkness, there and gone before its cause could be investigated. “I suppose so.”
