— for that kind of ignorance. He wishes he could provide it to Claire. Things between them had been better before. She’d taken to texting Cas; sending pictures from hunts, from distant roadsides, of sunrises and sunsets and asking him to guess where she was. He always got it right, even when she told him he didn’t.
“Also, Angels?” He breathes, caught between a breath and a whine. His legs spread wider. Easier access. “Not as unbelievable as you think.”
Ever the gentleman, Cas holds himself up, still caging Dean against the leather couch cushions but far enough away that he can actually clear his head a little without being tempted to dive in for another breathtaking kiss. He’s wearing the same look of concern he gets whenever Dean refuses pastries for breakfast, brow furrowed and lips pulled tight. If he was a weaker man, they’d be kissing again. “Is something wrong?”
The book said to include a picture. Cas had just thrown in a polaroid that Gabe had taken of him after one of his parties last summer. It had his name stamped across it in his brother’s blocky script. In all honesty, he’d included it because it’s the only picture he has of him smiling. Not that that should matter. Does it matter? “Was I not meant to?”
“Jack. I want you to meet him.” He pauses, hoping that Claire might tell him how absurd an idea it is, or that she’ll tell him to fuck off and never call her again, or she’ll hang up and block his number.
She does pull Sam in for an actual hug before stepping out, to the bedroom that used to belong to the man that used to be her father.
It’s just, he thought after everything—Purgatory, Chuck, Billie, Jack, the friggin’ Empty—that things would go back to how they were, or at least close to it. He’d hoped life would return to whatever normal was for them. Then again, has anything ever been normal?
He pushes off the chair and flops down next to Dean on the floor, letting his head settle on his jacketed shoulder. Dean laughs, reaching one hand around Cas’s shoulders to tug him closer. He’s warm, despite having just come in from the bitter cold outside, and it has Cas settling into his side. There’s a familiar click of a lighter and a deep inhale followed by the familiar cloying scent.
“Jody called. She, uh, she needs a hand. Back home. I said I’d head over. You know, do what I can. I haven’t told her about Jack, or— I haven’t—” Claire pauses, or stops altogether, choosing instead to twirl her fork through tattered remnants of what once was an expertly layered vegan lasagne.
In an instant, his face hardens to stone. Cas wants to apologise for asking, apologise for everything. God, why does he feel so out of depth? Why is he holding his breath? “No. No wishes. No freebies. This is a transaction. There’s a price tag.”
He can’t quite keep the breathiness out of his voice at the proximity. How close Cas is without actually touching him the way he wants. It sets off a whole different kind of burn. “But it’s all good, right?”
The coffee table shatters, slivers of crystalline bursting forth just as Dean does. It's hot and messy against the part of his stomach Cas even bothered to bare, obscene twitches of his cock spurting ropes of white without so much as a limp handjob to prompt them. Completey un-fucking-touched. He can feel it, the breech of delicious pleasure, in his fucking
“Yeah, hold on, can we just—” He pushes lightly on Cas’s chest, rolling him to the side. Dean winces again as his cock pulls free, severing their tether. He stretches out the leg that had been more or less pinned to his chest, wrapped over Cas’s shoulder. “I don’t wanna cramp up, dude.”
was a metaphor for me going into that motel, getting fucked up on vodka and passing out.” It tumbles from his mouth inelegantly and admitting it all fills him with burning embarrassment. His cheeks warm. If Dean notices, he doesn’t mention it. “So, yeah. A little.”
scoffs. It’s definitely a man. Or, it looks like one. God, does it look like one. “Jury’s still out on the fucking though.”
When he turns back around, Dean is sat on the edge of the bed, looking rather intently at the gaudy wallpaper of the motel room. There’s the pink flush of a budding bruise blossoming in five distinct points on his thigh. Cas can’t help the pride that swells in his chest for leaving them there. It’s not nice, he doesn’t own any part of Dean and Dean, in return, owes him nothing.
It’s impossible to start slow, no matter how hard he tries — he wants to ease into it, make it last, draw out his impending release until he’s wrung out and spent and Dean’s oversensitive and ready to explode — but Dean squeezes around him and he’s lost, working to chase a high he hasn’t felt in so long.
But, there are a lot of things he is: Sam’s unwavering support and secret love of Celine Dion, Jody and Donna’s faith in all their girls, Claire’s razor wit and adoration of the angel wearing the face of her father, Baby’s roar on the flat roads leading out of Kansas, the bunker, Jack.
If he pulls out The Mixtape from the bottom drawer of his dresser and clicks it into the battered tape deck Bobby bought him for Christmas over a decade ago, volume down so he can hum along as Jack dozes on his chest, that’s also his business.
The line falls dead and Dean tries not to think about how he wishes Castiel was home to appreciate the silence left in its wake.
Regardless of his attempts to keep his language clean, the sight before him tears profanity right out of him.
“You were taking too long.” Cas shrugs, aiming for nonchalance and missing. He takes a second to just appreciate the view; Dean on his back, laid out for him, cock thick and curved ever so slightly as the tip rests against his stomach. He looks nothing short of breathtaking. Just being able to witness this, to experience this, feels like a blessing. A gift.
Her eyes glow golden in the low light. Like Cas’ did that night at the sandbox, like Kelly’s the night she died.
“Yes.” Dean waits for him to continue, still a little too close for comfort but Cas can’t find it in himself to feel threatened. Nothing about Dean reads as threatening, surprisingly. He’s looking up at Castiel like he’s something that warrants looking at. It’s… new.
Dean snatches the blade from Claire’s hand, barely in reach and slashes in a vicious arc across the stranger’s arm. It slices through the dark blazer, through the shirt beneath and the skin beneath that. For a second, he bleeds. A second later, the cut is gone, sealed with the familiar glow of grace.
“Cas, is this a good idea, baby?” Dean asked worriedly. He had never seen Cas act like this. He knew his childhood had been screwed up, but he’d done his best not to picture it. He’d certainly never pictured the evil woman who was Mrs. Novak. He was a bit shell shocked she was in his living room.
Charlie went over to the stage and whispered to the singer. A quiet, “For real this time?” escaped through the speaker. “Hey, everyone, we’re going to take an actual break because the couple is actually here and they’re going to cut the cake!”
“Anyway, Cas, angel, the love of Dean’s life, who do you want to be there?” Castiel paused for a minute. He was tired of the planning, but eventually came up with an answer.
"I can't," he said as his breath hitched. Sam took a deep breath. Cas watched and tried to mimic him.
Castiel cut the cake and they fed it to each other, staring at the rest longingly. Neither had realized how hungry they were. It took fifteen minutes to have everyone served and ten after that to get the band back on stage.
“No,” he whispered. “No, no no no.” He turned on his heel and walked towards the kitchen, leaving the door ajar behind him.
They walked into their home and greeted Sam, who said that he’d been keeping Grace out of their bedroom. She was currently rolling around on the sofa, purring. Cas smiled at her and set out to remake their bed with clean linens from the closet, squeezing Dean’s hand briefly in thanks.
Cas had been distracted by something that put the spacey look on his face—the one Cas wore whenever they talked about something uncomfortable. Dean would never press, but he was a bit sad; he was usually Cas’s most trusted confidant. He wondered if he was his first confidant—his childhood hadn’t exactly been stellar. Dean clicked on the TV; Cas would tell him when he was ready. He just hoped for the “evil bitch’s” (the pet name he’d given his fiancé’s mother) sake, she hadn’t had anything to do with it.
"It's because I'm autistic. I didn't sign up for it. You didn't sign up for it. You can break up with me if you want."
“I promise.” Dean soothed. He let go of Cas and held his hand out, but Castiel declined, instead, standing as far away as the sidewalk would allow. “Do you want to head back?” Dean asked, shivering.
“Castiel left the number of Doctor Wesson on the counter. We’re going now. You looked dead, and it took me ten minutes to wake you up,” Sam said, voice full of concern. Dean glanced over at the clock, it was five p.m.
“We could move to Palo Alto, and you could be with Sam more.” Cas twisted his fingers together. Dean seemed unsure, and if he was truly uncomfortable with Grace, Cas would handle it, but he really wanted to keep her. Plus, Dean didn’t like moving. He could tell because Dean had constantly asked him if he was okay, and had gone so far as to throw away his cigarettes, which caused a meltdown followed by a huge fight. Cas wasn’t eager to repeat that, but sincerely wanted to keep Grace.
“Of course, darling. I’m sorry for making you deal with him this early.” She patted Michael’s shoulder gingerly.
"Follow me. Breathe with me." Sam took another deep breath. Soon, Cas was following suit. "Better?" Cas nodded.
“We can move,” Castiel said, still smiling, and occasionally reaching over to stroke the kitten. When they moved in together, it was a trying experience for Cas to get used to the new place. He smoked more and talked less, both of which put a strain on their relationship.
Days after the first shot, Sam sat in the armchair while Dean sat on the couch with Grace and Cas’s head in his lap. While Sam and Cas watched a documentary, Dean researched community colleges with more enthusiasm than he had before he was sick. He had direction and supportive family to back him up.
“I’m going to call Meg,” Cas said quickly. He had already decided on a course of action after listening to Sam’s voicemail telling him to meet the Winchesters at the hospital.
“Did you drink the tea I made?” he asked, looking down at his lap. Starting conversations wasn’t his forte. Dean smiled.
Castiel set his jaw angrily, still unable to speak. He was well aware of the possible complications of smoking. Even if he hadn’t been, he was perfectly capable of researching the warning label on the packet. Castiel also doubted Gabriel would have bought them for him if he had thought Cas would have been in serious danger. Gabriel was really the only one who understood what smoking meant to him. He had caught Castiel smoking under the bleachers at school. After a long conversation, Gabriel saw smoking really did calm him down. Gabriel figured, as long as he was the one buying them for his brother, he couldn’t overdo it.
Dean ignored her. “Cas, come on, just go to bed. I’ll take care of it,” Dean urged gently, trying to grab his hand. Castiel flung his arm away.
“Sorry,” Lucifer began, “it’s just, when you describe someone as, the other person who resides here, you don’t draw these conclusions.”
“What happened?” Castiel asked, though it came out slightly slurred. His thinking was still relatively clear, but his balance and motor skills had been rather affected by the alcohol.
“Yeah, when he was a kid it was so bad, that mom got this weird high chair thing, and it had straps and if he didn’t stop, she would leave him there for an hour until even the therapist told her it was ridiculous.”
“You can have my room,” Cas added, his voice muffled slightly by his arms. He hated people being in his room. However, Cas thought since he was comfortable marrying Dean, he should start thinking of Sam as his brother-in-law and not as a typical guest or friend. If that meant lending out his room for a night, he wanted to get used to it. Dean was pleasantly surprised by the offer; most of the time not even he was allowed in Castiel’s cool down room.
“I’m not a trophy wife. I’ll keep working.” Castiel nodded, but Dean’s job wasn’t the first thing on his mind at the moment.
“I did though,” Cas replied forcefully. “You don’t want to be seen with me when I do that moronic shit,” he said, paraphrasing what his brother Michael always said before Cas started smoking.
Cas hesitated. “I care! This move has been an opportunity. Linda wanted me to help her plan her wedding and Greg thought that was vaguely homophobic.” Dean was caught by surprise again.
He knew where the car was, Cas realized, as he pulled the door closed behind him. He should have known. He wasn't sure what he was supposed to know at the moment, which was scary. It didn't alleviate any of the fear he felt when Dean had that look on his face. Reading people was not his forte, but he was great at reading Dean, and Dean looked concerned. Cas quickly checked himself, and his foot was tapping. Reluctantly, he stopped tapping his foot and crushed the cigarette package slightly before tightening his muscles and folding his hands in his lap.
Inside, Dean too had called a cab. They waited in the vestibule, whispering sweet nothings, and the occasional dirty idea, into the other’s ear. Castiel thought the morning would be better. They could start over and consummate their status as husbands, if neither was feeling too sick.
“Actually, I’m his fiancé.” Dean replied, not sure how to feel about them yet. Lucifer and Gabriel both whipped their heads towards him.
“I’m sorry,” he said after a minute, his blood boiling. They turned into their driveway and pulled into their assigned parking space.
Dean’s  thumb firmly massaged part of Cas’s lower back as they danced. Cas leaned in and captured Dean’s lips, drunkenly smooth. Their dancing turned to swaying as Dean pulled Cas tighter against him.
“Yeah, well when four of the Novaks are hella gay, you think everyone is, I’m surprised you don’t.” Gabriel replied.
“Hey,” murmured a sleepy voice. Dean sat up, leaning toward Cas to capture his lips for a good morning kiss, but was surprised when Cas flinched away from the contact. Dean yawned before he asked, “You okay?”
Dean picked up the tiny black kitten with bright green eyes, and kissed the top of her head before setting her on Cas’s bed. He could learn to be an animal person. He leaned forward, pushing Cas to the ground, and kissed him. Castiel grinned in between kisses and rolled them over.
Charlie looked slightly frustrated, only part of it was due to Cas, though. She had been calling venues and renting tuxes and dresses. She was starting to wonder how she had been so excited that one of her best friends was engaged. She cursed herself for offering to plan the wedding. At least she kind of already knew what she was doing. When Dean started getting serious with Cas, she had started planning a wedding, just for laughs and to make Dean blush, but she saw stuff, and kept adding to it until she basically had a full wedding plan. The only difficulty was in implementing it. Thankfully, they were having a small ceremony and reception, but that didn’t relieve any of her stress.
Castiel was tense in his seat beside Dean at the wedding party’s table, but it wasn’t out of concern for himself. Dean was angry. Ruby had just pressed a quick kiss to Anna’s cheek. Jessica was nowhere to be seen, and Sam was making his way to his seat, all while Meg was telling various anecdotes of Cas’s previous relationship endeavors, which Cas assumed would end in a heartwarming fashion—then again, who knew at this point.
“Yeah, but you and her aren’t together anymore.” Castiel paused while he decided how to tell Sam what he had learned from dating Nora even if their relationship hadn’t been successful.
“They are going to be here in a few hours.” Cas stated, ignoring the question. “Please let go of my hands.” Dean hesitated, but acquiesced.
“I’m sorry, Cas.” He turned around. “Mom, could you deal with this?” Naomi’s footsteps echoed down the hallway before she stopped in Castiel’s doorway and smiled at her eldest son.
Dean looked surprised at his admission, but joined him on the bed. He’d never really considered going back to school, as it wasn’t really his thing. College had always been something Sam wanted. Sam was the one who applied himself and studied. Dean was just the screw up who smoked with some dude called Don. Dean shrugged and the conversation dropped off. Dean leaned against Cas, who sat back against the headboard, hand in hand—one exceedingly uncomfortable, the other pondering his future.
“I love you too,” Cas replied immediately. Dean smiled and they sat in amiable silence for a moment.
She examined him closely, gently pressing on the bridge and earning an angry howl from Dean, as he slapped her hand away.
Yesterday hadn’t been the best day. He didn’t leave the parking lot until he was supposed to be home. Dean didn’t notice, but his coworkers did. When they called, he told them that he had strep throat in what he hoped was a convincing sick voice. Cas realized he’d been off lately. He hadn’t felt this distant since he’d been living in his mother’s house.
“Please, be yourself. I love you. Sam loves you, though God knows what he’s been doing lately. Charlie loves you. Hell, Meg loves you and she hates everyone. It’ll make you feel better.”
“I’m fine.” Castiel replied with a shrug. His brothers, Lucifer and Gabriel were going to be staying with them for three days for the holidays. It was customary to allow family to stay with someone if they requested it. Castiel jumped when he felt Dean grab his hands again.
“You weren’t yourself yesterday. You had a shutdown and went to sleep without coming out of it. I was a little worried, but mostly I just missed spending the evening with you.”
“What would I study?” Dean asked as he followed his husband into their room. Cas hummed in confusion. “As a student?”
“Yeah but,” Dean began grabbing Cas’s hands, “you seem nervous.” Cas looked down at his wrists which had been rubbed raw.
“Hey, I have a question,” Anna started hesitantly. Castiel looked at her seriously, briefly deliberating putting his hand on her shoulder, before deciding to just go for it.
Castiel had woken up late, which meant he would be late to breakfast, would be late to leave the house, and he would be an hour late to his appointment. The driver would surely tell his mother. Castiel started to hum and reached for his cigarettes. He was halfway through, when he heard a knock at the door.
"I don't know." Sam replied, putting his hands up. "You should probably talk to him, though." Dean looked down.
Castiel woke on the kitchen floor, covered by his weighted blanket, and with a pillow under his head. A warm body leaned softly against his side. He could hear Dean gently tapping on his phone for a moment before the soft sound stopped.
Dean chalked it up to the missing coffee. “Come back to bed with me. Later, we’ll go to the grocery store.”
“Castiel?” Michael’s voice rang through the solid wood door. Cas didn’t answer. The door opened and sixteen-year-old Castiel stared at his older brother, unsure what to do. “Cas,” Michael said disappointedly. “You know I have to tell Mom, right?” Castiel simply hummed louder—he had managed to keep his smoking a secret for two years.
“Yes, nearly everyone works there, though, they’re currently trying to force Lucifer out, and all Gabriel really does is taste test.”
“Please, Dean? Despite only knowing Grace for a few hours, I’ve grown emotionally attached to her. The only other time that has happened is when I met you.”
“I’m surprised you still do that.” Lucifer stated. “Especially in front of your boyfriend.” Dean looked at the scene for a moment, a bit stunned.
"Do you want to at least try?" There was a long silence. Cas didn't want to fight anymore either, but he also didn't want to...do that. They sat in silence while he tried to find the words.
“What do you want?” Dean asked, moving to stand in front of Cas. Naomi rolled her eyes at his protectiveness.
When Dean woke up, Meg had arrived and Cas was talking with her in the living room. After some teasing, Meg provided them with some “samples” of extra strength allergy medication. Castiel bought humidifiers, and after the allergist confirmed that it was Grace, Cas and Dean, with much prodding from Meg, decided to get allergy shots. Cas had been worried that keeping Grace would be detrimental to Dean’s health, and needles had always freaked Dean out, but Meg convinced, in her own special way, Dean to be brave, and Cas that he would be fine. Even Sam had been sulky while they waited to find out if Dean responded well enough to the shots to keep Grace. Everyone was much happier when it was clear that with the shots, Dean was fine as long as he didn’t touch his face immediately after petting her.
Sometimes Dean slipped into his mind and distracted him at work for a few seconds. He’d given Sam advice regarding his relationship with Nora, but he found something else wrong with the advice he had given; he couldn’t remember her face.
“Come on, isn’t that weird show where everybody dies that you like so much on?” Dean asked, grabbing his hand and leading him to the television.
"It's okay. Cas, you're going to be okay. It's alright," Dean said, trying to keep his voice under control.
“Can you even get up?” Sam wasn’t used to taking care of sick people, but his general rule was that as soon as they could be mistaken for a corpse, a doctor should be called. Dean glared at him and stood up, feeling blood rush to his head immediately, causing his vision to white out around the edges. He started to lose his balance and Sam rushed to his side.
Elvis Presley’s “Can’t Help Falling in Love” started playing. Dean and Cas were drunkenly and tiredly swaying to the music. There were surprisingly few comments about their behavior or Cas’s somewhat obvious drunkenness.
“Do you want Dean?” Sam asked helplessly. He had seen three of Cas’s meltdowns, but Dean had been there every time.
Castiel paused for a moment analyzing the phrase and thinking of his answer. “You cheated on Jessica with my sister’s girlfriend, and I would like to see the consequences you face for doing so. Also, I know her car is in the shop at the moment and Ruby is her ride. I would like to offer her cab fare home.”
“Yes, her name is Grace. She is very soft, and I believe you would like her as well, if you got to know her.” Cas flinched when she brushed her whiskers against his foot, but smiled when she licked his fingers. Dean could feel his resolve breaking as he watched the two interact.
“Come on, it’s not like you’re a doctor or something,” Charlie whined. “Plus, I’m arranging your entire wedding. That means you have to do this for me.” Dean raised an eyebrow at her.
“Those are the things required to maintain a cat,” Castiel replied. His hands were flapping ever so slightly as the kitten crawled across his lap.
Dean raked a hand through his hair and stared down the hallway at Cas’s door. He sighed and stood up, squaring his shoulders.
“Hey, sweetheart,” he said with a gentleness in his voice specific to her. He scratched behind her ears. “Do you like that?” he asked as she purred and leaned into his fingers. “Good kitty.”
“Oh my God, I didn’t sleep a wink. I’m pretty sure the neighbors thought someone was being murdered." He replied. They were both more sober than they had been when Dean entered the room. Dean was horrified at the story. He partially wanted to throw the brothers out, and partially wanted to hug them because he felt bad that they had such a horrible mother.
“Thank you, Charlie Bradbury. I appreciate the effort you have put into this wedding for Dean and me.” Charlie smiled and retracted her hand.
“I heard all the cool people are hanging out in here,” Gabriel joked. “I can see why, smells better than the men’s room.” Only Charlie had to stifle a laugh.
Sam couldn’t really think of anything to counter that. He looked to Charlie, who had her arms crossed and was glaring at him. He held his arms up in surrender. “Fine. I’ll do it before you leave.”
Castiel looked at the pastor and faltered for a full minute before he came up with, “Dean and I haven’t discussed it.”
“Stop,” Cas said. Dean laughed and kissed his neck. All of the sudden, he was pushed off. Slightly confused, Dean sat up.
“The guys at work, your entire family except for your Uncle Crowley, and Bobby, Rufus, Ellen, and Jo. Oh, and that really cute girl who came into the garage yesterday when I stopped by at lunch to find out which band you guys picked.” Dean raised an eyebrow. He was lucky he’d met Charlie while in high school; she knew almost everyone he cared about.
“Hi. How did your lunch go?” Cas asked, shutting off the television. Dean knelt by the couch, and kissed Castiel’s hand.
“At Stanford?” The car pulled to a stop at a red light and Dean turned to his husband. Castiel’s expression softened into what seemed like he was attempting sympathy.
They had all moved to the hallway outside the bathroom, waiting for Sam to change. “Work it, Sammy!” Charlie jokingly catcalled when he opened the door and walked out. She turned to the two men on either side of her. “I like it. What do you think?”
“Actually, that’s twelve, plus Grace. Well, not Grace in person, but I would like for you to teleconference her in, we aren’t going to pick her up from Meg’s until the day after.”
Dean rolled his eyes at the note. He wasn’t that sick. It was just a cold, he thought as he burst into a sneezing fit. Luckily, Grace had come to comfort him.
Cas lingered in the exam room doorway staring at Dean. He wasn’t bleeding, had no visible wounds or bandages and he wasn’t wearing a cast. There was no visible bruising either, except for maybe under his eyes. Last night, Dean had woken up with a headache and began sneezing so badly that Cas had to get up and spend the rest of the night in his cool down room.
“All right,” Sam said, putting his hands up. “Want something to eat?” Dean cringed at the thought of anything going down his raw throat, and even more at the thought of his brother’s cooking.
"I'm sorry. I may have blown things out of proportion." That line felt weird. He’d said that before after arguments with his mother, but there was a new context in this situation. He did blow this out of proportion. He had a panic attack for God's sake. He relinquished control after maintaining complete control over the past few weeks.
“Just, don’t pull that crap on Cas anymore. I know how it is having little brothers, but Cas is an adult. Just don’t say that here.” Dean said.
“Michael, please don’t.” The cigarette wasn’t helping anymore. Castiel dug his fingers into his wrists anxiously, the cigarette between his fingers bending under the pressure. Michael sighed.
“I can’t—It’s you and work and Sam and you all want me to be normal, and I want to be normal, and I am, sometimes, but—” He took a drag of his cigarette. Dean switched his lamp on.
“Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop,” Castiel mumbled, rocking where he sat. Exasperated, Naomi walked over to the bed and pried his hands from his ears.
As couples moved onto the dance floor, Charlie dragged the newlyweds, who had moved from kissing to making out, off the floor. She waved a waiter holding a tray of hors d’oeuvres over, and shoved the plate into Dean and Cas’s hands. She grabbed Sam by the tie before he could escape her reach and dragged him over to Ruby and Anna’s table.
Castiel thought for a minute. “Lucifer, Anna, and Balthazar, and my cousins Hannah, Samandriel, Gadreel, and Ezekiel,” Cas replied.
The heater clicked on and the hiss of it hurt his ears more than Dean’s shout of “Cas!” had. Cas paced and his hands finally won their freedom, flapping in the air harshly in time with his steps. He knocked over his ashtray, and the lamp beside it, when he walked desperately toward the empty pack of cigarettes. He slashed at his arms with his nails, and started counting and muttering, just trying to make everything stop. That was all he wanted—he wanted it to stop. It was just too much.
“I’m afraid not. Your grades were average, veering on below average, which is surprising because you earned a 1400 on the SAT, which is just below mine. That’s approximately a 2000 nowadays.”
“Oh please, Castiel,” Naomi said in a bored voice, “he’s only trying to make you reasonable.” She turned to Dean. “Don’t bother, dear. I couldn’t make him act reasonably in the seventeen years he lived under my roof.” She sounded as if she was going to continue, but Dean sent her a murderous glare that convinced her to shut up.
“Her complaint was that I didn’t share what I was thinking or doing with her. I have attempted to remedy that while dating Dean.” Sam’s expression softened into one of appreciation.
Dean paled, or he would have if he wasn’t so red-faced from his allergies. Cas loved Grace, and though he had trouble admitting it to anyone but Grace herself, he loved her too.
Naomi returned not long after, his siblings following behind her. Castiel didn’t like other people in his room. He dug his fingers into his arms, trying to remain calm, as his siblings lined up near the door.
“She is a kitten. I found her outside. She didn’t have a collar or anything, and she looked hungry,” Castiel explained, cooing at the tiny ball of black fur.
“Get out!” Dean shouted. Castiel hummed loudly in protest of Dean’s volume before disappearing into the kitchen and sitting on floor.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, reaching for the coffee filters. He opened the coffee beans, only to find them gone.
Dean considered what Cas said before sitting up, crossing his legs, and facing him. Cas shifted, letting his head rest against the headboard, his hands still clasped together in his lap.
“Just pet her. If you really cannot stand her, we can take her to an animal shelter,” Cas pleaded. Dean sighed and braced himself. He reached his hand out, and gently scratched Grace’s back. The kitten let out a tiny mew and ran over to crawl onto his lap, but it had trouble getting up his leg, so it licked the denim, and looked up at him. Dean couldn’t help the smile that stretched across his face.
“You cheated on your girlfriend with someone who was cheating on her girlfriend. That’s sleazier than anything I’ve ever done,” Dean said, shrugging.
Cas tried to respond, but he couldn’t find the words. It would be so easy to flap his hands, so he put them behind his back and gripped them tighter.
Castiel shook his head. His thoughts were stuck on the noise coming from the fridge. He could feel the hum in his bones. His circular thought pattern was broken when Sam’s voice blocked out the sound. “Could you talk?” he asked in a very loud monotone.
“I told her if she ever came back, I’d call the police.” Castiel took a second before grinning back at him.
“Great, so I’ll take care of the florist and figure out where to put cat stuff, then we’ll be really and completely done.” Charlie stuffed her binder of wedding plans into her bag, kissed Dean’s cheek, and darted out the door without as much as a goodbye. Sam and Dean chuckled, while Cas buried his face in his arms on the table.
The open-ended nature of the question delayed Cas’s response for a minute or two. The stream of “shut ups” quieted down as he moved his finger nails from his palms to his thumbs. “I have clothes and my alarm clock and my own bed.” Cas rocked back and forth. He knew he hadn’t said that quite right, but he couldn’t find every word he needed when the silence in his head was growing louder.
"I don't know!" Dean rubbed a hand over his face. "He's been acting so—off, and he was so upset about it, so I looked it up. And I told him what I found, and he started going off about psychiatrists and me not telling him what to do, and then…” Dean swallowed heavily. “Then, that happened."
“Well, too bad, you’re here. It’s a goddamn mess. Cut the cake. Feed it to each other. Dance. And then you’re free. Please, I spent forever planning this. If you guys cut out early, I’ll…” Charlie took a deep breath before continuing, “I will sign you up for every spam mailing list, catalogue vendor, and telemarketing scheme I can find.”
Cas  was pacing, which, generally, was not a good thing. He hadn’t been having a difficult time lately, in fact, just the opposite. In his opinion, he was doing an exemplary job. He was always good at his job, but lately he’d been making an extra effort at the socializing part. His home life was great, especially compared to the last time he and Dean had moved in together. Sam was there, which was different, but he had been making sure not to alienate his brother-in-law. It wasn’t hard, seeing as said brother-in-law had been making himself scarce. It was difficult keeping stuff bottled in all the time, and the several psychology courses Cas had taken in college told him that it wouldn’t end well, but Cas was going to let off some steam. Eventually.
“Cassie?” Gabriel called lightly. Cas didn’t stop. “Quiet hands!” He called loudly in a commanding tone. Cas went back to the same posture he had before Dean showed his brothers to his room.
Later when Cas came back, around midnight, Gabriel and Lucifer were out, doing God knows what, which gave him the perfect opportunity to sneak into his and Dean’s room. Dean was still awake, watching television and checking his phone every two seconds.
“Castiel, give him the cigarettes.” Castiel’s eyes widened and he shook his head wildly. It was his last pack. Without them, his mother would notice he was stimming more, and then he’d be back up to two sessions a week. “I said, give him the cigarettes.” Naomi narrowed her eyes. Cas clenched his fists and shook his head firmly.
“Before you continue terrifying them into submission, may I speak with Sam and Dean for a moment, ma’am?” Pastor Jim asked Charlie, looking slightly scared, as he well should.
"Not the point. My point is, he probably had a panic attack because autistic was a bad word in their house. Anna can’t even say it, and Lucifer still skirts around the word."
“Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.” Castiel put his hands over his ears. Sam wasn’t offended; this time he knew “shut up” wasn’t directed at him. He tried offering his hand to Cas because that usually worked when Dean did it, but he was ignored.
“I’m really not an animal person,” Dean said tentatively. It was very unlikely the tiny kitten was capable of tearing him apart, but he still was hesitant around animals.
“Oh, it’s far from over.” Dean smirked. “Come on, I’ll grab some clothes and my toothbrush. Mine’s the green one, right?” Cas glared; Dean had tried making that joke the night before.
“You can break up with me if you want.” Castiel said in a monotone, dropping the broken lamp into the bin.
Dean had one pet in his life, and it hadn’t even been his. It was definitely Sam’s dog—Sam’s aggressive stray dog. The whole experience had been traumatic for the brothers. At the end of the week, Bones had bitten a chunk out of Dean’s arm, and the next day their parents had the dog put down. It had taken Sam a month to even look at Dean again, and another month before he would speak to him again.
“So, where’re Dean and Charlie?” Castiel could tell something was wrong with Sam. He had the same expression—tight eyes, slight frown—Dean made whenever he was upset about something he didn’t want to talk about.
“Cas? Cas! What are you doing?” Dean grabbed his hands. Cas needed a moment to process the situation. His left wrist was bleeding slightly. He looked up at Dean, who seemed to be examining the miniscule puncture. Cas pulled his hands away from the contact and stood up in a panic, twitching away from Dean. He could feel his vocal cords vibrating as he hummed, trying to push away the dread that filled him. He shook his hands at his sides, just barely refraining from flapping. He needed his cigarettes immediately.
"Look at me like I'm some autistic kid to be pitied," Cas spat furiously. A few minutes ago, he couldn't make himself go to the kitchen, so the fact that he was exhausted should have come as a relief, except Dean’s announcement. Dean was trying to diagnose him, just like everyone else. Even after all that shit about him not caring, he still decided to diagnose Cas’s problem.
When he didn’t answer, Naomi slapped him across the face. “I asked you a question, Castiel. Is this a cigarette?” Any verbal response refused to form, but he nodded. The thing in her hand was a cigarette. That was one thing his brain seemed able to agree upon.
Dean laughed and turned, about to catch Cas’s mouth with his own. “Wanna make up for our lost evening?”
“I would like for Grace, you, Gabriel, Meg, Dean, and Sam to be there.” Charlie’s mouth fell open in surprise. Dean kicked her softly under the table. She looked over to him and he subtly shook his head.
“What am I allergic to?” Dean asked miserably. He hoped this had nothing to do with the croisookie he’d had the day after they moved in because it had been delicious.
“Cas?” Dean called, concerned, as he hear Cas begin to pace in the kitchen. Dean tugged the front door open farther and found a sharply dressed, older, brunette woman.
“I don’t care about that, Castiel. I love you. You could show up naked and covered in bees and I wouldn’t care. Well, I would care, but I certainly wouldn’t be embarrassed by it!”
“Yeah, but he got much better when he got older.” Assured Lucifer. “Hey remember that time when he had one of those giant meltdowns and she left him there all night?” He asked Gabriel casually.
“Yeah.” Castiel replied. His hands uncharacteristically still and jaw square. Dean was amused at the conversation, but he looked at Cas and immediately became concerned.
He stopped awkwardly in the middle of the hall and stared into the living room. Dean came up behind him and peered over his shoulder.
Castiel stared at her, unable to speak. He could barely even form cohesive thoughts. The sound of his mother’s breathing and the playful shrieking of his sister were overwhelming. He just wanted everything to stop. It was loud and angry, and Castiel was done with the situation. Bits of thoughts struck through his mind rapidly, but the main point was clear: his mother needed to stop.
“Hello Sam Winchester.” His hands jittered lightly at his sides. They stood awkwardly in the doorway for a moment.
“Are you saying that you want me to be your trophy wife?” Dean joked. Castiel looked up at his fiancé’s face.
“I’m o-out o-of ci-cigarettes,” he stuttered. Anger bloomed red in his mind; he didn’t like how broken his voice sounded. Dean rolled his eyes and shoved Cas’s shoulder playfully, making him flinch again. Dean didn’t seem to notice.
“I’ll go with him, why don’t you guys just stay here and make yourselves comfortable.” Dean said, following Cas out the door, making sure to bring the coat he had left behind.
“Are you going to go home too?” Dean asked as he firmly rubbed a hand up Cas’s back. Cas jumped at the initial contact, but then relaxed against the pressure along his spine.
“I am in no way an infant, Dean Winchester,” Castiel snarled. His hands trembled. Dean rubbed a hand through his hair.
“Anna.” Replied Gabriel and Castiel at the same time. Lucifer looked between the two of them, confused. Dean eyes were wide with surprise that Castiel had perked up at this, and three of his siblings were gay, he was pretty sure that was a statistical anomaly.
“You’re my brother, not my boyfriend. Those guys knew we weren’t in a relationship—ew. I’ve never cheated on anyone.”
“I just came in to see how you were doing, but I guess I got my answer.” Dean sneezed, which made him flinch and clutch his throat in pain. “Dude, you look like hell. You should really get that checked out,” Sam suggested. Dean rolled his eyes. Cas was pressing him to go to the doctor too.
Dean looked through local job listings, but the only ones he found that he was qualified for had obscure hours that neither he nor Cas would be happy with. He didn’t know when it happened, but he ended up drifting off.
“Where did what come from?” Castiel asked. Dean pointed to a small circular scar on his wrist. Castiel didn’t speak. Unlike other times when he paused, he wasn’t considering his words; he was considering whether he wanted to tell the story.
“You could be a student,” Castiel suggested, after having pondered for a moment. Dean tilted his head in confusion, a trait he’d picked up from his husband—one that Sam had seen fit to tease him mercilessly for.
“Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up,” Cas thought loudly until, out of the repetition, a sentence finally formed.
“Good, there’s still a half pack left. I want you to smoke the rest of those,” Naomi commanded. Lucifer nodded before fleeing the room. She turned back to Castiel. “Get ready, dear. You have an appointment in an hour. Let’s not talk about this morning. It’s been dreadful and I think it’s best forgotten.” Castiel nodded quickly, tears hot in his eyes. Today was going to be a silent day in therapy.
Cas walked into the living room and sat down on the sofa. Dean followed and waited patiently for Cas to explain.
“I gave him a black eye. He broke my nose,” Dean slurred  back. He hadn’t eaten either, and Cas was sure the blood loss didn’t help.
Castiel was already feeling better. The cigarettes were helping, but he would have to quit again. Finger tapping wasn’t that big of a deal. He could do that in school. Dean was right. Cas went into his room and crawled under his weighted blanket. There was a lot of stuff to fix, but he could get through it.
“No. I am an adult. You don’t have to protect me from your brother, or your mother, or my mother. I can protect myself.”
“Everything. It’s just lately…I can’t—I forget everything, and work, and our apartment. I tried driving to our old home yesterday. I can’t right now.”
Sam had gone home launder Dean and Cas’s bed linens, and vacuum and air out their bedroom to hopefully eliminate some of the cat dander and help with Dean’s symptoms.
“Thank you, Dean. I’m not mad at you. Perhaps I took out some aggression on you, which was unfair of me, but I am no longer angry.”
“I will. I love you too.” Castiel slumped against him. “It’s actually adorable when you act all protective,” he said into Dean’s neck.
“Hey, Sam doesn’t have the same brain either, neither does anyone else. I don’t care about any of that. I'm worried because you've been upset lately. You just had a panic attack because I said something that made you jump to a conclusion that wasn’t there. I just wanted to fix what’s been bothering you. I just think that some rest would help, and obviously us fighting isn't helping."
"We had a fight," Dean said quietly he was still a little bit stunned. "That's never happened before. How did you know how to do that?"
The doctor returned with a copy of his file for the allergist and a small packet on how to easily manage allergies. He ran back through the medication suggestions with Cas and then sent them on their way, advising that Dean call to make an allergist appointment as quickly as possible.
Cas looked up from the carpet and didn’t see Dean anywhere. When he stood, his legs almost gave out. He took a moment to shake the feeling back into them before he picked up the pieces of the broken lamp and carried them to the trash. Cas hesitated when he entered the kitchen, surprised to see Dean leaning against the counter with a mug in his hands.
“Cas?” he called tentatively, but received no answer. He quietly went to their room, unsure of what to expect. He didn’t see his fiancé, so he went to Castiel’s cool down room. Dean was relieved to see that Cas was fine, smiling even, but Dean’s eyes widened in horror as he looked at what was crawling in front of Cas.
Sam woke up in the middle of the night having heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen. Instinctively, he reached for the bat he kept beside his bed, belatedly realizing he wasn’t at home. Sam sighed; the sound was probably Cas or Dean. After a moment’s hesitation, he got up and snuck quietly toward the kitchen, just to be sure it wasn’t an intruder. Peering in, he spotted Castiel humming and pacing, his hands flapping wildly at his sides.
Sam allowed himself a small smile. They were all a mess. One of the Winchesters’ great aunts washed her hands while looking over at one sloppily drunk groom, the other bleeding profusely from his nose, and the best man, whose black eye was already beginning to show—it would be a real shiner in the morning. She quietly vowed never to respond to another invitation from John’s family ever again.
“Were you not against being unemployed, I’d suggest you join a country club.” Dean wrinkled his nose and raised an eyebrow, but Cas didn’t quite get the gesture.
“My SATs?” Dean asked wide eyed. They had been together for a few years, but he couldn’t recall any conversation where they traded SAT scores. Cas blushed. Dean sneezed into his sleeve and then stepped on the gas as the light turned green.
“Reading is for nerds,” Dean joked. Cas smiled because Dean had made that joke before. Cas set the book off to the side and moved to straddle Dean’s lap, when a knock at the door interrupted.
“I’m going to be going back to Kansas tomorrow. He needs a steady support system if he wants to avoid rehab this time. I apologize, but our Sunday brunch will have to wait until you’re back in town.”
“I’m glad you’re okay. Can I please hug you?” He asked, sometimes after an outburst, Cas didn’t want to be touched, but he climbed under the covers and snuggled close to his fiancé.
“Meg, would you please take a look at Dean’s nose before you leave?” Castiel asked, avoiding everyone’s gaze by staring straight down.
“We’re almost done,” Charlie assured, patting his arm softly. Castiel jerked away from the light touch. He looked up guiltily, balling his fists by his sides, digging his nails into the palms of his hand.
“Are you sure you want to get married so soon?” Dean asked, cursing himself internally for sounding so insecure.
“Can I hug you?” Cas looked up at Dean in surprise, but nodded his acquiescence. Dean wrapped his arms around him, squeezing tightly for a second before letting go—just the way Cas liked. “What the hell happened?” Dean asked, voice brimming with concern.
“Want to finish this conversation at your place?” Dean asked as he stood and held out his hand to help Castiel up.
“My car is right there, where we usually park.” Cas pulled a cigarette out of the packet before they went home.
"Just ask Dean. I'm sure he can tell you all of my problems." Cas stood up, and almost fell forward.
"Yeah, last night I was on a couple aut—" he stopped himself. “When I was online last night, I happened to find out what that was called."
“I guess that nullifies my offer as a getaway car,” Meg said, holding her hands up and edging out of the bathroom.
“Cas! Wait!” Dean called. Castiel paused to let Dean catch up. “What was that all about?” Panted Dean.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled playfully. He was tired, and just as eager as the other two to get the planning over with. He could handle the wedding, but he had to admit planning was boring. At least Charlie was there. She was good at keeping Dean and Cas from getting too annoyed, despite her own slight aggravation.
Before ordering his fifth, he decided to check on Dean and found himself stumbling slightly, probably due to not eating. His tolerance was generally quite remarkable, but he’d been too nervous to eat much earlier. He walked into the restroom hoping to splash some cold water on his face, only to discover Sam wiping blood off Dean’s nose.
“Cool, well, I’ll show you where you can keep your stuff.” He cast one last concerned look at his fiancé before showing the brother’s to Cas’s cool down area. He left them bickering about which was better, Blow Pops or Tootsie Pops, and went to check up on Cas who was pacing and flapping his hands frantically.
“Yeah, it’s cool, man,” Dean interrupted. The stiff awkwardness in Sam’s posture flowed out of him and a relieved smile crossed his face.
“You guys just need to dance and cut the goddamn cake,” Charlie said. ” Sorry, Pastor.” She turned back to Sam, Dean, and Cas, ”And I mean before leaving. I see that face. That is your, ‘I’m Dean Winchester and even though I’m a tough, macho, manly man, I’m going to run away,’” she spat, her Dean impression wasn’t bad, actually.
Castiel had started smoking when he was fourteen. He had to keep it hidden from his mother, a difficult task as she had a sharp nose. He found smoking helped him focus and it calmed him down. He didn’t feel the need to stim as much when he was smoking. The ritual and habit was enough. Pack the cigarettes against his palm, pull one out of the package, flip it between his fingers, light it, and inhale. He could tap away the ash or take a hit when he needed a moment to think about how to phrase a sentence. Smoking helped; as far as he was concerned, the rewards outweighed the risks. He had started after watching a video in health class. People had talked about their addictions and everyone who spoke about cigarettes said smoking helped them calm down. Cas had been sick of Michael calling him a spaz. He’d heard it much less often since he’d taken up the habit.
“Charlie’s already on top of planning. She has a whole book just in case we have a spring wedding,” Dean said hesitantly, gauging Cas’s body language. There were no nervous stims; in fact, a huge grin was plastered on the older man’s face. Cas paused for a minute before responding.
Cas watched as Sam whispered something to Charlie before heading out the door. Cas’s anxiety edged slightly higher. Where was Sam going? He was supposed to give a toast too.
Cas supposed it wasn’t that far off from a usual Winchester wedding. A lot of phones were raised in the air, filming the dance. Kind-hearted laughter echoed through the hall at the couple’s awkward stumbling. Meg and Gabriel were nowhere to be found or else Cas was sure they’d be in hysterics at the whole situation.
“Cas?” He asked. Castiel immediately stopped and turned his attention towards Dean and began flapping his hands and pacing again.
“The butcher woman from the grocery store, and the kind homeless man I met outside on my walk today and his wife. I would also like to invite the woman who sits on the park bench every day when I go to watch the bees.”
“Sweetheart?” Dean asked eyes wide. He had seen Cas sad and angry, but the look of terror in his fiancé’s eyes was incomparable to any of those situations.
Cas was still smiling when he opened the door, but his face quickly fell and he started digging his nails into arms violently.
“Oh, I caught them in a compromising situation when I was still living with our parents.” Castiel replied.
"Are you sure?" Dean asked. "After meltdowns you usually can't do the whole television thing." Cas paused and collected his thoughts.
After Cas got himself situated on his side of the sofa, he bit his lip and explained he was autistic. He said he had learned to control some of his more obvious "gestures" by smoking instead.  Cas told Dean about how he had been bullied throughout school, but he didn’t say a word about his family or how they treated him.
“Hey Cas,” A slightly taller man said, reaching up to ruffle his hair to which Castiel gritted his teeth. “You must be Dean. Cas’s roommate or whatever?” He asked as he too walked inside without invitation, he also carried a parcel.
“That’s sweet, but I’m not really the country club type, you know?” Dean said humbly. He hadn’t had the childhood Cas had, which was a blessing, but one difference was that the Winchesters never had money. They got by, sure, but with a mechanic father who occasionally lapsed into alcoholism and a teacher for a mother, they never had the money the Novaks had. When Dean considered how awful most of his husband’s family was, he thought that may have been a good thing.
"I didn't have a meltdown. I've been doing my damnedest not to have a meltdown these past few weeks."
Cas angrily threw his arms into the air, frustrated he couldn’t make the noise stop; it was making his skin crawl. He clawed into his arms and started to hum louder.
“Where did you get these?” Naomi asked calmly. Cas shook, unable to speak; he needed to be allowed to stim and calm himself down if he was going to respond verbally. His mother sighed. “Well, you don’t have friends. Was it one of your brothers?” Castiel didn’t respond; he just froze ever so slightly and, evidently, looked guilty. “I thought so.” She left the room as quickly as she had entered. As soon as she was gone, Castiel started twisting his arms together anxiously; the pressure of his arms against each other helped to clear his mind slightly.
A television marathon later, the doorbell rang. Dean turned off the T.V, and they both walked to the door.
“You are an exceptional singer,” Castiel replied. “You could become a teacher like your mother.” Cas replaced the pillows on the bed and sat down, happy to feel the warm breeze from the open windows blowing across his face.
“You slept with a different guy every night for the first month you moved here! You literally came to my apartment with a guy on your arm and asked where your room was.”
When he opened the pack, he was surprised to find it empty. He immediately grabbed his forearm and started digging his nails into the skin, finding momentary relief in the sharp pain. It was short lived as he soon he felt Dean stir against him. Cas guiltily forced his hands to relax and clasped them across his stomach.
“Thank you for your honesty, Lucifer. Everyone else may leave.” The others filed out of the room; Gabriel left Cas with what he thought might be a look of sympathy, but Cas wasn’t sure.
“No,” Dean groaned. “The doctor here is fine, great even. He already knows what’s going on and hasn’t mocked me for being sick, which I count as a plus.” He was only half joking.
“Let me get dressed at least?” Sam grinned, happy Dean was going, which was a surprise. Dean hated being sick, but he hated admitting he was sick even more.
“What are you, five?” Dean asked, but he started giggling as well, before snorting and coughing blood from his nose into his hands. Castiel tilted his head in confusion, but went to fulfill his intended purpose for coming in. Women’s restroom or not, he had to pee.
"I'm not trying to make you do anything," Dean replied, confused. Cas wasn't usually one to jump to conclusions, especially accusatory conclusions. "I wanted to hang out today. Just you and me getting used to the apartment. That's all!" he yelled. Cas sat down on the bed and buried his face in his hands.
“You two deserve each other!” she screamed. Castiel waited for a moment before getting up and cautiously going after her, struggling to remain upright.
“I’m not saying you act like a hero. I’m saying that you would prefer that when we go out I don’t flap my hands or compulsively tap the silverware, garnering everyone’s attention,” Castiel said quietly. Dean stared at him, so Cas continued, “I’ve been trying to be less embarrassing.”
“Okay, well, you can personally invite your friends yourself because I don’t have their addresses,” she managed to say pleasantly. “It’s fine, both sides are the groom’s sides anyway.” Charlie smiled. “When will Sam be here to try on tuxes?” Charlie had put a security deposit on all of them, and she needed to return them by seven, so she was eager for him to show up.
It was a quiet Saturday afternoon, and Dean was stroking Castiel’s arm as he read. Cas flinched when the touch was too gentle.
“I snooped and found certain items in their shared closet in their shared room with one bed.” Castiel went pale at the thought of anyone touching his things.
“Are you kidding me?” the redhead shrieked. There was more angry whispering before Anna stood up. She drew herself up to her full five-foot-three-inches and shoved Sam hard, sending him stumbling back several paces.
“Do not light up in my car,” Dean warned after they left with a package of coffee beans, two cups of coffee, and a carton of smokes. The threatening edge in his voice was benign, but his resentful glare was real. Dean really did not approve of the fact that Cas had bought his first pack of cigarettes in a month. Castiel rolled his eyes.
"What happened?" he asked. He looked over to Dean who was still standing near his dresser, wide-eyed.
That morning, Cas had woken with Dean’s arms pleasantly tight around him. He looked at the clock—it was nearly 9:30 in the morning. He stretched his free arm over to the nightstand Dean had graciously bought specifically for Cas’s ashtray and cigarettes.
“Oh.” It was silent for a moment before Dean started laughing. Cas looked at him, his expression a mix between confusion and amusement. “Well, Charlie told me how you got expelled from two high schools, but still graduated early and ran away to Princeton before you told me.” Castiel fingers dug in deeper when he heard about the invasion of privacy. Not that he was innocent, but it set him on edge.
“I did,” Lucifer said. Castiel blinked in surprise. Gabriel had bought them. Castiel’s gaze flicked quickly to Gabriel, who also looked surprised. Naomi quirked her head, maintaining a neutral smile.
“Okay, I mean, if you have plans with your mother, that’s fine. She seemed like a lovely woman.” On that note, the pastor left. Given the alcohol he’d imbibed, Cas didn’t tense like he usually did at the mention of Naomi. He just drew his lips tightly together, disapprovingly.
“Alright. I’ll see you later.” Dean walked back to the apartment, feeling an anger he couldn’t really put a name to until he walked inside and saw Gabriel and Lucifer laughing on the couch.
“No. People look at you like you’re a hero. Poor Dean and his retarded husband!” Cas yelled jamming his cigarette on the ashtray.”
“Don’t be stupid!” Cas flinched at the loud noise. “I’m sorry.” Dean started again more quietly, “You can’t just assume I can’t handle something without even giving me a chance. I get it, you had your reasons, but I wish I had known. I could help maybe? I love you; I want the world to know.” Even Dean blushed at how cheesy his first “I love you” was.
“Gabriel works at a candy company and Lucifer co-owns the company with my other brother Michael.” Dean raised his eyebrows.
“No, I have my wallet,” Anna said, holding up her purse. Castiel studied her for a moment while she held back tears.
“You needn’t come to his rescue…Dean, was it?” Dean nodded firmly. “My book club thinks I sent Castiel away and are under the impression I’m a bad mother. I would like a chance to prove them wrong.” She shifted her gaze to Castiel, who refused to make any sort of eye contact. “I’d like it if you would come home with me for the weekend. You could meet my friends and we could have brunch with your brothers. I’d like to show you off.”
It was coffee time now though. Coffee time was good. He didn’t have work today either. It would give him a chance to get over it. He looked around the kitchen uncomfortably. There was too much. The fridge was there, but it was supposed to be there. The table was there, though it also belonged in the kitchen. There was a bowl, but the bowl didn’t belong there. Cas stopped pacing to stare at the bowl. It belonged in the kitchen, but it didn’t go on the table…or maybe it did. Cas couldn’t remember where the bowl went. He was almost positive it didn’t belong in the kitchen, yet he was also fairly positive he could remember using the bowl in the kitchen. It just wasn’t in this kitchen. Cas didn’t remember this kitchen. He liked the kitchen that was there before.
“Please don’t. I understand, sometimes I could hurt someone, mainly myself, but please don’t.” Dean still wasn’t exactly sure what quiet hands was, but he swore to himself in that moment, with his arms wrapped tightly around Castiel that he wouldn’t.
“What about him?” Sam asked darkly. He had the least amount of tolerance for John’s behavior. After what happened with Jessica, he was even angrier about his father’s antics. He was a firm believer that addicts only had themselves to blame.
“Actually, it’s cake, dance, then it’s over,” she corrected. “Would you like Sam to tell Anna what he’s done before or after?” Dean and Cas looked at each other.
Dean knew something was wrong as soon as he pulled into the parking lot. Castiel’s car was still there, even though he was supposed to be meeting with a friend of his from work. Dean hurried inside and cautiously opened the door to their apartment.
“I don’t know. He’s an hour late.” Dean turned to Cas and lowered his voice, “Do you want a beer, or to lay down, or something?” Castiel shook his head in his hands.
Sam burst in with a grin that said, “I heard you.” Dean loved Sam, but he forgot what it was like to live with his nosy brother, but they had three bedrooms, so they couldn’t exactly say no after Jess kicked him out and his back was killing him from sleeping on the futon in his friend Brady’s dorm. Dean opened his mouth to speak, but instead came a bout of sneezing.
"I refuse. I don't care if a pill or two will 'make your life or my life easier,'" he said, breath quickening. "I'm fine. I've been like this before. You cannot make me do anything."
He slowly edged closer to the pair until he stood right over Cas. “I don’t like cats,” Dean said weakly. Castiel frowned and looked up to his fiancé, his gaze straying from the cat for the first time since Dean had arrived.
“And now we open the dance floor to any other couples who would like to join them,” the backup singer offered, and Charlie smiled gratefully. If she remembered correctly, the backup singer’s name was Dorothy.
“Quiet hands? That was something my therapist taught my parents when I was twelve.” Spat Cas. Dean had never seen him so annoyed or pissed. “I guess it never fucking stuck though.”
“When we first started dating, Meg’s friend Eve did a full background check on you. I also know you were arrested for vandalism when you were seventeen and it was expunged from your record.”
“Don’t!” Shouted Cas, ripping his hands away from Dean. “Please.” He added quietly. He continued to flap his hands and pace.
“As much I approve of emotionally scarring Sam, I would suggest putting on some clothes.” Cas looked down and laughed lightly.
“Is Dean...” she paused, hesitating. “Is Dean, you know, special? Like you?” Castiel was thrown off by the question.
"You're grounded. Now, if you don't mind." He gestured to the door. Sam clapped Dean on the shoulder as he left.
“I can’t do it. Dean, I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t.” Dean was extremely worried now, everything was fine a few minutes ago, he wasn’t even stimming. Cas had sprained his wrist when hand flapping got too bad, so he grabbed his hands with some difficulty.
“I’ll be right back,” Dean whispered to Cas, who flinched at the light tickle of his breath. Dean followed Sam out the door.
"Yeah, that thing you do with your hands." Dean mimicked his hand flapping gesture. "Or even with your nails, as long as you don't hurt yourself."
“Yes, Sam. The refrigerator stopped, and your voice is very soothing.” He smiled back, before standing up as well and returning the gesture. Sam removed his hand, so Cas did too.
Sam looked uncomfortable. “No, nothing like that. Jess is staying at her parents’ tonight and I don’t have classes tomorrow. It’s a long drive back to Palo Alto anyway—”
Cas stood up and headed to their room to get dressed. Dean sat at the table for a moment, confused. Then, he got up and followed his husband.
“My phone is right there.” Said Cas, pointing to his bedside table. He stripped and put on his home clothes.
The downside was just as stressful as the sex was pleasant, however. The sleepovers disrupted his routine, causing him no small amount of stress and anxiety. When he slept in too late or didn’t have a change of his own clothes available, he wanted to dig his nails into his arms. Instead, he settled for the cigarettes. Dean tolerated the smoke, but always wrinkled his nose and called it “a disgusting habit.”
Thinking back to the car ride, I thought of all that time spent digging into old reports from the area and said, “Right, so disappearances go back almost eighty years. First one in what, 1934? A, uh – a Donald Vankeaulin?”
“I wasn’t just vacationing in the hoosegow as you put it.” Dean sniffed. “I got his journal from the Sherriff.”
Wide-eyed, Dean watched as his brother’s face changed. The horror of finding Jessica still twisted his features, but his eyes hardened; danger simmered under the surface. Despite wanting to bare his neck, Dean instead bit the inside of his cheek and shrugged Sam off. They stood facing each other, breathing heavily, thoughts roiling silently.
The black mare waiting to be untied peered between the both of them curiously, huffing loudly when Dean did not release her head to her. She could feel the energy between them and it made her stamp her hoof in agitation.
“No thanks,” I said with a smile, looking over at Castiel who had been staring out the window in the direction Dean was as soon as we sat down. “Could we get a couple coffees though?”
Castiel instantly wondered what kind of face Dean would make while orgasming. Wanting nothing more than to see that, Cas broke away, bracing himself on one elbow while he wrapped around both of their cocks with his other hand. He continued gyrating, pumping his dick through his hand and against Dean’s. The closest thing Dean thought it felt like was being inside the hot warmth of a woman, but somehow, he was also the woman. Was what he was feeling now close to what it felt like to be fucked?
My hands flew up to tug the collar off, but as soon as my fingers made contact with the carved leather, I wrenched them away in agony. It felt as though they’d been burnt. My palms slapped down onto the concrete so I was on all fours. The pain in my neck spread all over my body. My sounds of pain were stifled by a small hand covering my mouth. I couldn’t even unclench my jaw to bite down on it.
Glancing at me he cleared his throat and rubbed at his face. Chuckling a small bit, he muttered, “After what we saw? No…not a lot.”
The brunette did as he was told, still keeping his hands up. When he was on the ground, the same bandit tugged Sam’s own pistol from its holster. The others closest to Dean grabbed fistfuls of the blanket around the blonde’s shoulders and dragged him unceremoniously from Baby. Sam made a move to go to him, but was once again stopped by a pistol in the face.
“Got a tail as soon as I picked up the letter,” Dean continued, still smirking. “Shook ‘em easy enough, circled around, and followed them back to a town called Jericho. All we gotta do is find their hideout, bust in guns blazing, and get Pa out.”
Dean’s heart was hammering wildly in his chest. But still, Castiel did not speak. Just let out a sigh of his own, making the hairs on Dean’s arms stand on end. Suddenly Dean remembered the drunken nightmare Castiel had woken him from.
Sam watched his brother, struggling against the twist in his gut, but ultimately mirrored the other’s actions. The two of them left their small campsite shortly after, neither one of them willing to broach the heavy silence that had fallen over their heads.
Setting Dean back, the angel took a swig of the water, determined to get the human to drink something. In one swift move, he placed his hands on either side of Dean’s head, leaned down and pressed their lips together. Dimly, Cas noted that Dean’s mouth tasted like whiskey and peanuts as he pushed his lips apart and slowly fed him the water. For a moment, Dean struggled weakly, his clumsy hands pushing against Cas’ chest. But once his brain caught up with what was happening, his fingers curled around Castiel’s coat and he started swallowing.
For a moment the Empty hesitated, her eyes narrowing at the gangly hunter with malice. He laughed nervously, seemingly regretting opening his mouth. Then suddenly Garth was also gone.
“Seems Sam interrupted the druid.” Castiel observed. “They must have used the spell on him instead of Maggie.”
I glanced over my shoulder worriedly and met Castiel’s intense blue eyes. His brows had drawn together worriedly.
Dean stuck the root in his mouth, once again avoiding his brother’s disapproving gaze as he stuffed the packet away. He kept his hands there while he chewed distractedly and mumbled, “Just so you know…I didn’t ask you along only ‘cause I needed a…a
I shook my head, “You’ve been part of this family for how long, Jack? And you still can’t remember that, when it comes to the Winchesters, there’s always a way?”
“It’s okay, Sammy.” He said, coming to my side and patting my head. “We’ll figure it out. We always do.”
“As far as I can tell,” she answered, lifting me off the table and placing me on the floor. “Like I said last night though, I’m not a veterinarian.”
Easier said than done, however. As soon as I tried reaching above chest level, pain stopped me short. My breath caught in my chest as a stabbing sensation radiated from my ribs. Grunting, I clutched my side and leant against the fridge while I muscled through the spasms. The soft flutter of fabric from behind told me I wasn’t alone any more. With a glare, I turned and caught sight of Castiel still standing in the doorway.
Turning, I saw the witch hurriedly rushing around Maggie, picking up the bowl full of charred herbs and other spell ingredients. I still couldn’t get a good look at their face. The hood drawn up over their head obscured their features.
The last bit of information really seemed to affect Floyd. His eyes grew glassy as he became lost in his own thoughts for a moment. It afforded me the time to run through a shortened list of monsters in my own head; from ghosts to genies and beyond. There were still too many variables.
“You want me to shoot you?” Dean growled suddenly, his dull nails digging into Cas’ back and shoulder.
His lips drew together in a thin line of displeasure. It drew out a small chuckle as I motioned to the area around us and continued, “C'mon Sammy, there’s no way we can pass on camping in Middle Earth.”
Outside, I tugged my phone from my pocket. There were two missed calls from Castiel. The first one was him explaining dryly that he had ‘acquired’ the two collars from evidence and mentioned that they looked like an old form of Gaelic. In the second one he said that he went back and found the responding officer that Helena had mentioned to Sam and me. He started giving details but was cut off by the message limit being reached. I laughed thinking of Castiel standing outside the precinct going on and on about what he learned, not even realizing it wasn’t recording.
I turned to Castiel and said, “Go help get everyone out. And keep an eye on him; he’s still a suspect until I can find Sam.”
Sam's hands curled into fists, watching the blaze race across the ceiling. The lace hem of Jessica's knickers smoked before catching flame. The curtains drawn across the floor-to-ceiling windows dripped burning fabric.
We saddled up and started back down the trail toward Diablo a little before seven. At the trail head where we’d started that morning, we radioed in to Eddie and asked how the kids were getting along and where he’d like us to put his four-wheeler. Sounding drained he said that the police had come by and taken statements from them. A couple were taken out to the nearest clinic to get checked up.
The morning sun was just starting to brighten the sky beyond the thin curtains as I woke up. A throbbing headache pierced through the front of my skull and I groaned in pain. As I turned to hide my face from the light, I found myself rolling up against a leg. Squinting, I peered up and saw Castiel looking down at me. Everything that happened last night came flooding back. My lips thinned as I pressed them shut. Ignoring the heat gradually spreading from my cheeks to burn the tips of my ears, I buried my face back into the musty mattress beneath me.
Moving quickly, I dashed around the Impala and jumped into the driver’s seat. As I shoved the key in to the ignition, I pulled up my browser on my phone and typed in AE Theater and Ashland, Oregon. The search result came up with the Allen Elizabethan Theater. It was close to Joel Brown’s apartment. I slammed my foot on the pedal and raced to my destination.
I shot to my feet, my hand going to where I kept my gun and found that it was gone. I spun around, adrenaline shooting through my veins and making every sound seem four times as loud. The bed was gone. I was alone in the clearing, with only the wind and creaking of wood as my only company.
Gail too worked for one of the plays in town. She was at the Cabaret Theater as a sound designer. Her family was immensely proud that she’d managed to get such a good position so soon after graduating from Southern Oregon University. None of them could recall her ever having known Thomas Waithe. She didn’t have any known enemies or previous grudges. No significant other. Just a hard-working young woman. Her mom had been the one to report her missing when she didn’t come home.
The barkeep, a portly woman with close-cropped curly hair, smoothly placed a glass down on the counter in front of Dean before glancing warily at the copper pinned on the inner lining of his coat. After a moment, she leaned in close and muttered, “’Course. You’re talkin’ ‘bout the Woman in White.”
I didn’t think dogs were capable of looking irritated. But this one did. His tail immediately stilled and his one good eye locked onto my own. A little unnerved, I looked around. The trail of blood stopped where the dog had been hiding. So where was Sam? The dog barked and whined again.
I made a motion with my hand like I was trying to waft away my last words. Clearing my throat, I started again, “What you said…it took until it was too late for me realize that you had always seen me. Believed in me. When you were gone, I’ve never felt more alone. You’re not just my best friend. And you’re certainly not just a brother to me. Cas…you showed me who I truly am; a man that could have everything you were always trying to say I deserved.
Bracing himself on his forearms, he lifted his back enough for Castiel to slide his pants off. And not just his pants, but underwear too. Suddenly he was bare from the waist down and the fallen angel was staring at his erection in wonderment. A deep flush of embarrassment colored Dean’s chest, neck, and cheeks.
The door jerked open, revealing a woman who looked to be the same age as Sam. Her wild brown curls bounced around her heart shaped face and into her hazel eyes as she hurriedly looked between us. I watched as she swallowed past the lump that had suddenly formed in her throat, “Thanks Mallory. I’ve uh…I’ve got it from here.”
As Dean's breath evened out, his mind cleared. Now he was just exhausted. He let his head go limp against Cas' neck. The record crooned on.
"Thanks, Cas," he whispered. Dean pulled Cas forward so he was in his lap. They were suddenly chest to chest and Dean felt Cas' thighs circling his waist. He pressed his face into Cas' neck and wrapped his arms around his torso, pulling him close.
He knew the only thing here was the man he loved. Who, through thick and thin, through anger and sadness, had never left. Called him on his shit, sure. Didn't let Dean get away with pushing him around or cope in the ways Dean used to. But never left.
Not wanting to drip water and blood all through the house, Dean figured he'd leave his pants in the mudroom try dry overnight as well. He was not in the mood for laundry.
Dean stormed off, the pounding rain like white noise on his skin. Blood rushed in his ears. He let the wind slam the door behind him.
Dean still felt stuck. Like if he moved, he would break. He rarely allowed himself to be touched in moments like these before. Dean knew the second he felt safe enough to cry there would be no stopping it. And he would be damned if he let anyone see him cry. As a child, crying was suited for bedrooms. Under covers, into pillowcases. Out in the barn, on the shore of ponds. Into hands and clamped behind teeth.
Dean took a deep breath and pulled away. He wiped at his nose and eyes quickly before looking at Cas.
Dean snapped the chamber shut and clicked the safety on before tucking the gun in the pocket of his Carhartt. He tried to detatch himself from this, tried to think rationally. There was nothing he could do. It would be selfish to make that lamb wait any longer than necessary.
It just took some coaxing for his body and brain to realize that. To break out of the rhythms set by his childhood. That it was okay to talk to Cas about these things, that holding it all in was the opposite of helpful.
sorry for the way I talked to you. You don't deserve that. I was, I was mad at the situation, not you. I shouldn't have dealt with how I was feeling that way, and... and I'm sorry, Cas."
Castiel was in front of the fire, knitting with the TV on in the background. He startled when Dean had entered. With one look at Dean, Cas' eyes widened. From the side of his periphery, Dean saw Cas put his project to the side and stand. He inched forward, trepidatious. Hands tucked under his arms as the cold wind blew through the house.
Once the water ran clear, Dean took one last moment to duck his head under the spray and wipe his face. He took a deep breath and turned the water off. His wedding ring felt heavy where it rested against his sternum, hanging on the leather loop around his neck.
Dean knew he was freezing up. He felt stiff and scared. This wasn't uncommon. He wanted to respond, wanted to thank Cas, tell him that it was a hard decision, that he loved him, that all he wanted was to be held but. He clammed up. It was still so hard to ask for those things.
"Cas, I-" he turned towards Cas and lifted his head, moving his hand up his own forearm to grip it tightly. Dean felt so small every time he did this, like he was a kid being punished. Like his dad would be there when he looked back, disappointed, and ready to hit him.
Tapping at his horse’s sides with the heels of his boots, he let the stallion trail after Dean’s mare while he opened the letter and read the smudged – slightly water damaged – familiar scrawl that was John Winchester’s handwriting:
I laughed before looking at my brother and saying earnestly, “Screw Chuck’s ending. We make our own.”
Knifing the others to make sure none of them were faking being dead, Dean then collected his and Sam’s guns. His breathing was heavy and his legs wobbled, like he’d just run a country mile. But thoughts of his brother in danger kept him moving. Ignoring the intense desire to give his body the release it was so badly craving, he set off in the direction Sam went.
“Okay. Cell service out here is non-existent so take these.” He said, handing over a pair of heavy-duty looking radios. “Good luck.”
Sam and Maggie were completely distracted by Claire. She’d managed to dig out a worn tennis ball from somewhere and was currently throwing it for them to chase after and compete over in the backyard. It was a little worrisome that he was delving so deep into his newfound canine side, but I couldn’t do much about it. Not with a new case and no idea how to reverse the spell.
When he came around the corner to place messily plated bacon and eggs on the table, he asked, “So why turn them into dogs? Think it’s for some kind of ritual?”
“You mean, look up the registered owner?” Ivan asked, running a hand through his hair. “And then what? We go and–”
Dean watched Joseph carefully for any tells. If they’d been playing Texas hold ‘em, Dean could have swept the rug out from under him. Every twitch was filled with guilt.
A little while later, I pulled the Impala over for a refuel. Sam didn’t wait long to make himself scarce. I don’t think he was doing it on purpose. He genuinely just wanted to get some snacks. But as I watched his back disappear inside the store, I let out a long breath and rubbed my tired face with my hand.
Also: big thank you to RDJWINCHESTER1 for putting up a tutorial on how to put pictures on here, you are a life-saver.
The angel paused, completely naked, in the doorway. He turned to look over his shoulder at the blonde hunter and smiled softly, “To get something to clean us up.”
“Can’t blame him. I’m all for keeping our planet clean, but she’s a bit extreme. Got on her soapbox and wouldn’t leave. Kept talking about how, and I quote:
I blinked, brows drawing together in concern as I searched his face for any trace of a lie. I fully expected him to blink and the deep blue of his eyes would be replaced with inky black. But they didn’t change. He was still an angel; albeit a fallen one.
It was so strong and foreign to my new senses. There were no words for what it was. It’s what I imagined souls feeling like, or at least based on what Castiel has described in the past. Carefully I made my way down the hall. The feeling grew. Taking a deep breath, I nudged open the door with my nose.
“Spring break. We all go to Western Washington University over in Bellingham. All of us live on campus and didn’t have enough money to make trips back home before the new semester, so we decided to take Greg’s van on a road trip out here and camp for a few days.” Arush explained shakily, gesturing to the guy over by Eddie that I assumed was Greg. “Thought it would be fun…”
Rubbing at my nose I cleared my throat and asked, “You got any new leads? I wouldn’t mind putting this town as far in the rearview mirror as we can by tonight.”
I heard when the witch came back. Anyone good at tracking could have followed my trail of blood and found me. Whoever they were, they gave up after a minute and started dragging Maggie out of the door. When it shut behind them, I closed my eyes once more and wished silently that Dean and Cas would find me.
“I wish he could have been a part of all your lives a little longer too.” Jack whispered, his fingers punctuating the fact by digging into my back slightly. “But I have plans.”
It didn’t take long for Sam to find a young woman standing outside the general store mournfully hanging up missing posters that read:
I made a small noise of agreement, but my eyes were already closed. I felt myself melting into a warm puddle of exhaustion and did little to stop it. Hours later I woke up cold. Dimly I noticed that before turning in, Sam had tucked a blanket around me and tossed extra wood onto the fire. It did little to buffer against the cool mountain air. It chilled me right to the bone.
Boom boxes, rotating lights, noise makers, even a few fireworks started piling up on the table in the center of the bunker as more and more people arrived. Charlie, Stevie, Donna, Jody, Alex, Claire, Kaia, Garth, Bobby, and every hunter we could get a hold of all crowded in. Adrenaline kept my body moving as I made room for everything and everyone.
“That’s really helpful, but do you remember anything that smelled strange that day? Or maybe see any sudden fog? Flashing lights?”
Castiel stood, stared down at the Omega and then left. As he closed the door to the back room, Zachariah emerged from the shadows of the hallway. Jerking his head, the Alpha smirked, “Perks of being a Pinkerton.”
Castiel flipped the laptop around, showing Ivan the image of the mystery person and partial license plate as he said, “And this is who is responsible for turning him into a dog.”
Despite it being his right as an Alpha, Cas fought the urge to mark the beautiful exposed skin of the Omega. Instead, he shut his eyes and thrust, burying his member in warm, pliant heat. The power behind his movements slowed as he felt his climax build. The hole he was buried in clenched in anticipation, willing him to fill it with his seed. Every fiber of his being wanted him to do so. The thought of Zachariah’s watching eyes triggered Cas’ Alpha powers to flare in defiance. This was wrong.
“Eileen wondered if there might be something in the Men of Letters Archives that might give us an edge.”
After easing down onto the mattress, I felt the tension slowly ebb from my body. My head pleasantly swam from the alcohol. It was like I was floating away. But sleep didn’t come easily. My ribs were still killing me. I was just thinking of getting up to pop some more pain pills with a whiskey chaser when I heard the latch of the door open. I kept my eyes shut and my breathing even, but I was on high alert.
They spoke in hushed tones at the door, exchanging what looked like room keys while I stumbled around on a clumsy search for my whiskey. It was hopeless though; the room was spinning too much for me to properly pay attention. Suddenly I realized that I was tired. And stupidly decided that the black and white checkered stretch of floor between the door and the refrigerator looked comfy enough. After all, I couldn’t be bothered to make the long trek over to the beds six feet away.
Kicking his heel into the door, we all barged in to the lab. Helena jumped violently, letting out a small squeak of terror. The test tube in her hand shot out of her grasp and shattered on the countertop. Rushing over, Castiel shoved the counter clean with a sweep of his arm and Dean placed me in front of her.
Only when his hand fell on Sam's shoulder did the taller Winchester turn and see his brother standing with the horses in hand. Silently, the blonde offered up the broken man's reins, asking without words if he was going to join him on the road.
“Mr. Welch mentioned that after his children and wife died, he abandoned their house and moved closer to town.”
Castiel’s orgasm came without warning. He buried his head in Dean’s shoulder and groaned as his body stiffened. Dean kept pumping his hand, and soon, fresh warm ropes of cum shot out between them.
I’d had it with her. Sure, she just went through something awful, but damnit she was pissing me off.
The sheets were cold but the two bodies lightly touching were electrified. For a while, Dean lay curled at the edge of the bed furthest from Cas. It reminded the angel of a cat. First, they test the environment, checking to make sure nothing will surprise them. Then, once they are comfortable, they move in closer and closer until eventually they are in your lap. When Castiel continued to remain still and calm, Dean rolled over and studied him, still keeping his distance.
“C’mon, we gotta go!” Dean coughed, tugging on Sam’s arm as the sound of bells ringing and people yelling drew closer.
Taking off in a limping run again, I wound my way through the maze like a rat. Doppelganger Dad was waiting around every corner. It spoke of every painful memory that I kept locked away, hurling them at me alongside its deadly spines. I was getting tired physically and emotionally. But I could handle it. At least I thought so until I found myself in a grassy clearing.
“Thanks Helena,” Sam said, giving her one last squeeze on her shoulder as he slipped the card with both our numbers on it out of his pocket. “Let us know if you find anything else out of the ordinary.”
Miracle sprang up from the floor and settled in quickly against my side. I closed my eyes and smiled.
The cool touch of iron against his temple caused Sam’s body to freeze on instinct. All hopes of protecting his vulnerable brother were dashed as the Woman in White repeated, “Take me home.”
“Remember that desperado in Amherst? Or the train robber in Clifton?” Sam asked, rolling his eyes. “He
I bolted upright, panting. Suddenly I was back in the Impala’s passenger seat. The sky outside was bright. Shaking, I glanced down at my sweat soaked shirt and then over at Sam. His face was white as he stared at me with question in his eyes. My dream, still fresh, flashed into my mind and my stomach lurched.
Sorry this update took a while. I realized I hated the direction I was going in, so I re-did like thirty pages of the story. But, lesson learned. I am going to write out each part in whole before posting. That's what I did with the first part in Diablo and I think it just works better for me. Anyhoo, because of that I will round out this second part, but I might not update again for a while after that. I will be working on it though!!
. Out of all the other Pinkertons Cas worked alongside, Zachariah was the one that gave him the most unease. Not that Zacharia’s Alpha power was much stronger than Castiel’s own. He just didn’t trust the older Alpha.
Dean seemed to noticed, and like a good brother he seemed to know what I was getting at. Coming around the table, he knelt so we were on more equal level and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll try and take her alive so we can get the spell reversed.”
“I think we have all the information we need.” Sam said, getting to his feet. “Thank you for…for speaking with us Mr. Waithe.”
The Tikbalang slashed down Cas’ arm without warning, leaving deep wounds. Before I could make a move forward, it pointed its newly bloodied fingers at me and hissed, “
I lay Sam down on the ottoman in the living room and backed up so Helena had clear access. Since Cas couldn’t heal Sam with the collar on, I made sure he was her first priority.
Looking into the living room, I noticed Helena staring at us with wide, concerned eyes. Gesturing to her I hissed under my breath so only my brother could hear, “Helena’s strung out as it is, I can’t ask her to keep you.”
Dean grunted in agreement, working slowly on taking the saddle from his horse. Pulling out his pocket watch, Sam headed off in the direction he’d last seen wood, noting the time he left so he could make sure to stay away long enough for Dean to get at least a little bit of relief.
“He walked me back home, then rode off on his horse…said he’d come back in the morning to take me to market, but…never showed up.”
If their father really was in trouble, should Sam do something? Last time he’d had words with John, they’d been out on the road somewhere east about three years ago. John had just landed a solid hit to Sam’s jaw and angrily told him that his place was with his pack out in the wild, not in some hoity-toity big city. Sam had looked at Dean standing frozen a few feet away, clearly wrestling with the idea of going against their leader and father. When he saw that confusion and pain on his big brother’s face, Sam realized that their father was poison. Spitting the blood from the corner of his mouth onto his father’s shoes, he turned, saddled up, and left.
Castiel went to his side and carefully helped him stand. Dean’s eyes remained closed, but he didn’t fight the angel as he was led out of the library. When they were in the hall, Dean’s head rolled on his neck and landed on the other’s shoulder. Looking down, Castiel got a close up of Dean’s freckled face inches from his own.
Miracle panted contently as Jack slid into the backseat next to him. All three of us closed the creaking doors with a resounding slam. I turned the key in the ignition.
“You wanna give us your real name?” the Sherriff asked, sitting on the edge of the desk close to Dean’s cell.
I glanced up and noticed him gazing directly at Helena. As soon as we fell silent, she looked up and saw him staring. Holding the supplies she was going to need to fix Sam up she shook her head, “I – I don’t think I can handle much more of this.”
When I didn’t continue, I met her even gaze and winked, leaving it at that. She grinned, nudged me playfully and asked if I wanted another drink. We sat out there together sipping on whiskey in silence. One of my best memories with my niece.
There was no more smell of tobacco. In fact, I wasn’t even sure if it had been there in the first place. Was this case getting to me? Where the hell was all this coming from?
Surprise was written across his face as Cas paused at the door. He had ears. So, he heard what I said. The fact that he stood there looking at me without saying anything rubbed in the fact that I’d just called after him like some scared child. Ultimately though, it was true. More than letting him go like I knew I should, I wanted him next to me. Ever since I’d met him, I felt that he and I were similar people. I knew that I could trust him to look out for me like I would look out for Sam or any other hunter. The fact that I felt safe when he was around was something I wasn’t used to.
Heavily lidded eyes and flushed cheeks greeted him as he held her at arm’s length. She wanted him just as badly as he wanted her. He felt his semi-hard erection stir in his pants at the sight.
Going right through the muscle of his left bicep was a thick spine that looked like it could come from a porcupine but was the length of my forearm, as thick as my thumb, and a pale sickly grey. His teeth ground together as his brows furrowed in pain, pinned to the wall.
Her eyes widened as we stuffed the badges back where they belonged. She licked her lips nervously and asked, “What brings you boys here?”
“Fuck, Cas, just hurry up.” Dean panted, covering his eyes once again when he caught sight of the angel’s bare chest.
I waited a moment after she left to see if Cas was going to continue worrying about Dean. He let out a defeated sigh before motioning to my laptop and asking, “What’s the case?”
“Well, the dam is of course on the western side of the lake. The work has mostly been on the northwestern corner of the wall. They headed north. And as far as where they might have gone once they got in the woods…there are too many different possibilities. The most likely would be the Sourdough Mountain Trail though. The beginning is easy to follow, but once it gets into the thick of it, if you don’t know what to look for, it’s easy to get lost. Other than that, they might have gotten deep enough to be anywhere between Mt. Terror and Ross Lake, and anywhere as far north as Mt. Prophet by now.”
After gathering up all the gear he would need, Sam walked over to his brother, clapped him on the shoulder and said loudly, “Feel better, Dean!”
Offering up a lazy smile I lifted my glass limply, tipped it in his direction, and took a deep swig calling, “How’s it goin’ Cas?”
“Disappearances started picking up again, so Pa went to see about it.” Dean explained, taking the papers and stuffing them once again in the saddle bag. “That was a little over a fortnight ago.”
He seemed to notice the look of confusion on my face and chuckled, “Your boy Jack’s done a lot around here. Worked with Castiel to tear down the walls and overhaul the system.”
As he grabbed up his laptop and started typing away, I started unwrapping my wake-up call. It was mouthwatering; dripping in oil and cheese.
“You – ha ha,” the man smiled. When my expression didn’t change and I made no indication of moving the subject along, he mumbled, “Oh, you’re serious…um well, there’s legend of the spirit of a Native American Dog Soldier that appears once every so often to punish the white man. Other than that, I mean, some rumors of a Wendigo pop up when we find body parts but it’s usually because a wolf or cougar gets a little opportunistic when it finds some poor bastard that fell off the trail and killed himself.”
*EDIT This chapter and the next are completely different. I decided I didn't like where it was going so I took a while to rearrange.
Dean’s entire body shivered. Despite his heat being on the down turn, something in the tone of his brother’s voice had an obvious effect. He wanted to bare his neck in apology on instinct. It was similar to what he’d scented off of Sam back in Jericho. That should have bothered him more, but the direness of the situation was still mounting. Silently willing himself to man up, he hauled his little brother to his feet so they faced each other.
Casting my eyes away I mumbled, “Because I know I can be more of a monster than most of the things I hunt.”
An awkward silence fell between the three of us as the seriousness of this situation fell like a hammer on an anvil. Clearing my throat, I rubbed at my dripping nose and gestured toward the handful of kids a few yards away and asked, “How did they find you?”
Her almond shaped brown eyes glistened unexpectedly with tears. Letting her hands and the supplies fall onto the counter, her shoulders shuddered. She was trying so hard not to freak out. It reminded me of a time when I used to get overwhelmed. Back when a simple ghost had been one of the most terrifying things I could imagine.
Castiel had fixed him. The damage was done but Castiel had fixed him all the same. An agent of God’s divine plan acting under orders. A good soldier.
Fuck, Dean wants to be touched like he’s wanted but doesn’t know how to ask. The worst part is, Cas would give him anything. He’s like that; loving and attentive. But there’s a part of him that clings to the vestiges of control, holds himself back when all Dean wants is to be torn apart without the mortifying ordeal of having to beg for it. It’s— yeah.
“Shut up!” She cries, clutching Jack a little tighter. He giggles delightedly in her arms, palm never leaving her face.
The baby monitor beeps again, detecting movement and Dean checks his phone. 6:45. Jack will be waking up soon. Sam picks at the blueberries on his plate but nods enthusiastically. There’s a genuine lightness about it that Dean’s loath to admit that he didn’t notice was missing until now. Sam needs reason just as much as he does. “I think I need to make a few calls, but we’ve got nothing but time. I’ve been sending cases that come our way to other hunters close by so, yeah. I don’t see why not.”
“It’s okay.” It’s soothing to hear the words coming from Sam. He’s always taken naturally to things Dean had to work for; Leadership, Normality, Forgiveness. “We’ll get through it. We always do. Mom’s gonna be okay.”
Dean tried to push it down. ‘It’ being whatever it is that’s been growing in his chest for the past twelve years, ever since Cas pulled him out of the dark. ‘Tried’ being the operative word.
“And anyway, why? You plan on calling me often, sweetheart?” He winks, eyes flicking to red again as if to emphasise something Cas isn’t entirely picking up on. Is he
It doesn't help that Cas had to leave for work that morning, the physical pain of tearing himself away from his Omega's feverish form painted clearly on his face. It’s not supposed to happen. Alpha’s aren’t supposed to leave; there’s pining sickness, rejection intensifying heat symptoms, and so many other potential risks. If there were any other way, Dean knows he would've taken it, but work is work and a multimillion-dollar merger—in the eyes of his husband's boss—one up's Dean's need to be stuffed full of knot. They’d denied his request for heat leave, despite the threats of grievous bodily harm made regarding Mr. Adler’s throat.
Cas looks to his notes, covered in red ink and obnoxious yellow highlighter and they make less sense now than they have all night.
A bead of sweat rolls down the length of his spine and Dean — as if he hadn't done enough already — winks.
His heat should have faded by now. Day six is usually— well, they don’t usually last this long. He’s usually back at work, beneath the hood of some beast, coated in grease and brake fluid, wrench tucked into one of his belt loops, still pleasantly aching. He’d called Bobby between fitful naps, barely had to say two words. With a gruff dismissal and very little else, he’d been cleared of another week. In any other circumstance, Dean would be happy about the break, but he wants the distraction. Anything to take his mind of the roiling heat that bubbles too far away to satisfy.
He surges forward, crashing together, chest to chest, and if Dean whines into his mouth as they collide then that’s his business. Cas eats it up, drinks down every sound through a snarl and Dean throbs at the implications. His brain screams for him to present, his whole body burning with the carnal need to submit and, if not for Cas’ body pressed to his, he probably would.
” Dean grunts, trying his hardest to angle his hips, rock him deeper, but the positioning is off and Cas wants to laugh, make a joke about having all the control, but he can’t think about anything other than how fucking tight Dean is, how desperate he is and how Cas can’t help but follow his lead.
But she does. She smiles the warmest she has since arriving, wet and sorrowful, but warm. And when she leans in to press a kiss on Jack’s forehead, she stays there a little longer, head almost resting on Dean’s shoulder. Almost a hug.
“Kevin comes in, asks to see the fantasy shelves and I was like sure, why not, you know? I know he’s got taste, we use to run D&D campaigns together!” Charlie huffs, arms folded in firm defiance. Jo mirrors her subconsciously. “So, I took him over and we were talking about Rothfuss and Sanderson and the guy has the
“They want to kill my son!” It’s said from behind Dean, inside him, but he turns around and there’s no one there. He turns around and all he sees is the drab wallpaper and the sanded door frame. He is Kelly Kline. This is Jack’s memory.
as they align builds and builds and then Dean shudders again, coming so hard he can feel it hit his stomach and dribble towards where his chest meets the mattress, warm and delicious and dirty.
“I love you.” He gasps, lips colliding with Dean’s throat, searing hot and filthy. “I’ve never loved anyone but you.”
—but sometimes something inside of him, raw and primal, negates the learned stubbornness that urges to fight. It craves to be held. Protected. “Crowley was being difficult. Again.”
Fortunately, the 70's decor, shag carpet and sudden, inexplicable change of scenery do nothing to wane just how much he wants this.
The hand on his arm, over where the phantom scar of a brand still aches, drags him back to the present, back to Cas.
“Wha— that’s not my wish!” Panic seeps into Cas’s voice, just enough for him to lose the thin veil of confidence. He kicks himself for letting it. Even though, at this point, he’s not even sure what his wish would be anymore.
“I don’t know how any of this works but he’s watching over you, Jack. Your mom too. Don’t ever forget that. They love you so much. I know they do. I do too. I wasn’t sure at first but I am now. I’m gonna take care of you if it’s the last thing I do. Me and Sammy, we’re gonna raise you right. The way we wished we’d grown up; school, friends, soccer practice, three meals a day. We’re gonna protect you, Jack. We’re gonna protect you from all the mo— the bad guys. We’re gonna be on your side, no matter what.”
“Ain’t my first rodeo, Sammy.” He sips at his coffee, watching as Sam preps breakfast. He hadn’t even asked, just started whipping up pancake batter with the egg replacer he likes. Dean’s grateful for that. “And hey, you turned out fine.”
She hands Jack over with some reluctance, the first time her arms have been free all night, and Dean accepts him with a small smile. He doesn’t expect her to return it and he’s fine if she wants to go back to clipped responses, half-answers and one-word texts, as long as it’s not forever. He’s not sure he could handle it forever.
If he dreams of calloused hands and country roads and static just before a storm, of almost kisses and unfilled silence, of a home away from home—
Dean winces at the thought. Even if he did have them, his old toys wouldn’t even touch the sides, not now he’s been so spoilt with Castiel’s thickness splitting him open. Slick soaks the sheets a little more at the thought. “No. Threw them out.”
Dean’s on his feet and halfway down the corridor before her shout breaks off, Sam half a step behind. He doesn’t even have to think about it, years of training built to react and respond, to instinctively know. So he does.
“Everybody does.” Dean nods but doesn't push to change his mind. Cas appreciates that because, quite honestly, he’s not too sure his will is strong enough to stand up to Dean’s charms.
earlier on, flash crimson. Sclera and all. Then he blinks and the horror is gone. The urge to scream catches in Cas’s throat.
Jack grabs at Cas’ neck, a flat palm landing on his throat. His eyes glow golden for a second, maybe two, before Jack removes his hand, gargling happily to himself. Cas looks at the infant in awe, stroking the boy’s cheek with a gentle touch. Jack, always a sucker for attention, leans into it greedily.
Cas doesn’t need telling twice. It takes a couple of brutal thrusts—knot swollen so thick that it’s almost too big to take—but once he’s in, he’s in.
Maybe it’s Sam that calls after him, maybe it’s Claire. He doesn’t know. He can’t find it in himself to care either.
. A long since established rule from before Cas moved in; when they’d spend weekends tied, discussing everything and nothing, waiting for knots to wane and heats to pass.
“I know we put searching for a way to bring him back on hold when leads ran dry but, you think we could— you think we could try again? Look into the void side of things and see if we can find anything new?”
It had taken Cas some time to get the ingredients together; grave dirt, the bone of a black cat, and a photograph he didn’t despise. He’d located a crossroad, halfway between the city limits and the middle of nowhere, next to a rundown motel that’s website looked like something from an early 90’s movie and a lonely zero-star review citing simply ‘abysmal’. It had seemed a fitting spot, considering his plans.
how he felt. All the missed opportunities. All the times it could’ve been, should’ve been, and wasn’t. If Dean hadn’t been so fucking
“Castiel is dead.” Kelly looks at Dean then, eyes still ringed with gold. The angel blade in Dean’s palm — Cas’ angel blade — feels a thousand times heavier as his knuckles flex around the cool metal. “You have to take Jack. You have to take care of him.”
Jack is so small in his arms, a tiny thing, and Dean doesn’t want to love him. Doesn't want to feel the same protective urges he felt the last time he was put in this role.  Looking down at his pinched face, clenched fists, uvula trembling as he screams and screams and screams, he's powerless to stop them.
“Let me know if you start hankering for Blue Label or wearing baseball caps.” Dean nudges his side, sharp elbow meeting the bottom of Sam’s ribs. “I want a warning if you’re gonna go all Rufus or Bobby on me.”
, Cas. Just had my fingers to keep me goin’. I’m buying another knot toy. Can’t fucking do that shit again—
“I might not have listened much in church but I’m pretty certain that kind of behaviour is universally damning.”
. He wants and wants and wants and Cas would give it to him—all of it—served up on a silver platter with a smile and a kiss and the three words they said for the first time beneath these same sheets and then again in front of an audience with platinum bands and aching necks. All he has to do is ask. “Knew about the merger. Knew it would happen eventually. Just bad timing—” He can’t help but rut upwards, aiming for friction against his aching cock. Cas holds his hips down, grip possessive. “
Silence. Not the chirp of wildlife nor the distant buzz of civilisation dares disturb it. For a moment, he feels what it's like to be truly alone.
“It’s—” Dean starts, cataloguing each ache against their earlier veracity. “—less intense now. Still there, just… tamer, I guess. And I can feel you, dude. All of you.” To prove a point, he shifts his hips, practically purring as Cas’ thick length rocks against him. “But, as much and I can’t wait for
How easy it could’ve been. To take his hand the night before Carthage, drag him upstairs, and experience other kinds of worship.
There’s just something about him; Kansas born and raised—all yes ma’am’s and southern hospitality—with an absent father and the looming shadow of a dead mother, first born but always somehow second best. Cas knows he’s been dragged through hell, thrown to the dirt again and again but still he stands and he smiles, dusts himself off and finds a way. He always finds a way.
It takes him a second to remember why he handed Jack over in the first place. He's thankful for the reprieve and all of Sam's help, but he can't help but feel claws of helplessness cleave into him without the weight of a baby in his arms.
Cas doesn’t have a lie lined up and his resolve to stay silent dissolves with each stroke of Dean’s fingers against his pulse point.
“It’s you. You get in my head and I have to— I have to stop myself just to catch my breath because you snatch it every time. Each time you invite me to touch or let me decide to take that step myself, I get lost in it. If you only knew— I’d be over in seconds if I didn’t at least pause just to think about past papers, Gabriel’s thirteen-year-old gym socks and the topography of eastern Guatemala on that precipice before kissing turns into fucking you. And the way you react to my touch, my kiss, my cock— I’ve never claimed to be a hedonist, but you make me one.”
His head is swimming, crying out for the attention it craves and Dean can't help the shiver that prickles down the length of him as his husband, his Alpha, grips his chin and forces their eyes to meet. "Did you miss me?”
“Anytime.” Dean touches their mugs together, trading beer bottle salutes for the clink of coffee mugs. The baby monitor attached to Sam’s hip blips with a rustle of blankets but they pay it no mind. Jack’s a restless sleeper.
The end of his heat permeates the air, a metallic tang to the taste of his slick, like old blood or iron. One more, maybe two. It’s so close and Cas can feel it too. Keeps up his rhythm with punishing accuracy, each retreat dragging against something deep and fucking incredible inside him. He can’t focus enough to hear himself, shut down to his basest functions and revelling in it, letting himself fall to it, swallowed by it.
Kelly’s hands are cold when he replaces them with his own. When he lifts the boy out of her arms, she stops glowing. The tears on her face are just that. Tears.
The song faded out and the needle on the record retracted before it slid back to its original position. Silence filled the room.
Dean opened them to Cas' sweet face. Tired but endeared. His pink lips turned up in that lopsided grin of his.
He released me, practically throwing my head back. It lolled on my neck before I was able to get control of my muscles. I followed his slow walk around me, noting the bloody gashes where his wings used to be.
“Sh-she lives with her mom,” Helena called quietly from the sidelines. “People I work with mentioned they keep to themselves but do good costuming work.”
My fingers brushed hard plastic and I grinned. Pulling out the cassette, I held it up triumphantly. Sam quirked an eyebrow, but I didn’t answer. Instead, I slipped past him, patting his shoulder as I headed down the hall. Miracle trailed after, his claws clacking against the shining linoleum. I heard Sam’s faint chuckle as he too followed.
After about five hours of sleep, I woke and quietly changed into jogging clothes and slipped out of the motel. For the next forty minutes I ran through the sleepy streets of Ashland, noting different shops as I went. Hardly anyone was awake yet, but I could smell fresh bread and coffee. My stomach grumbled in appreciation.
Tugging at his jacket, he pulled it back enough to reveal the fake badge pinned there. The flash of metal seemed to placate Joseph because he continued, “Askin’ me all sorts of questions about my wife Constance. Where she was buried. Improper things...”
It was then that Castiel chose to look up and catch Dean’s eye. His dark blue eyes glistened with desire and happiness. Seeing that made Dean realize that he wasn’t sure he’d ever seen the other look like that before. His insides melted and his jaw dropped open slightly.
She bobbed her head, glancing at the silent man across from me before hurrying off. Adjusting the place settings and condiments on the table to make room for researching, I shot another look at the unmoving man in front of me and commented, “Worrying isn’t going to make him come back any sooner, Castiel.”
“You boys want to come in and get some food? Or a drink?” Jodie asked, pulling me in for a hug. “You must be exhausted from the drive.”
I’d told him earlier when I was explaining the plan. He was too important to risk. All of creation needed him.
We pulled away after a lingering moment. There was nothing else that needed to be said. I was confident that he knew what to do. And he knew that if he ever needed anything, his family would be there to help him.
When he pulled away, I was left standing there with my eyes still closed. It took me a second, but eventually I opened them. A stupid grin tilted up the corners of my mouth as I muttered, “Awesome…”
Eventually we ran out of fireworks and gasoline. We decided to take it in shifts after that, to save on energy while others went out to resupply on gas. Hours went by. I stopped keeping track.
My body tensed at the sound. Cas was not one to sound upset under any circumstances; now he did. An indescribable urge to turn back nearly overcame me. Fuck, I
He was back at the cabin, staring down at the shadow of his best friend’s broken wings seared into the ground.
Its wild eyes locked on to the pair of us, staring down the barrel of our guns almost defiantly. Standing frozen, it waited. The spell was broken only when Sam let out a snort and a chuckle. Springing away lithely, the fox disappeared into the underbrush with barely a sound.
I raised my brows at ‘bastard’, asking silently for elaboration. The old man twiddled his thumbs, the sound of his rough skin scraping together illustrating how uncomfortable badmouthing not only his boss but also a missing man was for him. As he paused, I could see all the bad memories welling up.
He looked pale, sullen, and soaked through. Thankfully he had a look of gritty determination in his eyes that only showed up when he’d managed to sort through his problems enough to be functional. Catching sight of us, he strode over. I was surprised when he elbowed Castiel and grunted for him to make some room. The angel also looked a little astonished, but quickly obliged.
After a quick pit stop at the campgrounds we dropped off the four-wheeler and grabbed Sam’s computer (where I hurriedly explained what I'd heard and smelled). The dinner crowd was just starting to clear out, leaving us with a cozy booth in a back corner. Gratefully, I settled in and propped my leg up on the chair. Sam ordered a salmon pilaf thing and I got their “special” the Rocky Mountain bleu cheese burger. Our beers and an icepack came out first. I took a grateful gulp and folded the ice around my tender ankle before settling in to read.
A rush of skirts and perfume drew Sam Winchester’s attention back to the blond beauty on his arm. He smiled reflexively as her expressive brown eyes locked on to his own. Jessica Moore pressed closer to his side silently saying that she was happy to be there. Sam thought she was the highlight of the already gorgeous evening. She had dressed to the nines, her narrow skirt was a deep blue, her jacket a tasteful black with a jeweled brooch at the collar. Every fold of fabric hugged the curves of her body just the right way.
He grinned, hugging me quickly one last time before jogging in the direction the others had gone. I shook my head, smiling as I followed him.
She snarled, but was cut off by the Sherriff. He rounded on her, giving her a warning of his own. To show that she wasn’t trying to challenge him, she lowered her head and let out a bitter whine. Feeling like they may be overstaying their welcome, Sam and Dean silently decided to hit the road.
He was ignored. Dean tugged on his jacket, silently telling Castiel that he wanted him closer. Obediently, the angel went down on his elbows and positioned his lower body between Dean’s legs. As soon as their lower halves met, the pair made noises of surprise and pleasure. Castiel was shocked to find Dean already half hard which quickly caused his own erection to swell in response.
“You think Ma would have wanted that life for us?” Sam asked after a moment’s pause, his voice trembling as he thought of the memories of her Dean would half-remember and tell him about. His favorite was when Dean would tell him about the old homestead on the plains of Kansas; simpler times.
When his eyes roamed back to the laptop screen in front of him, they suddenly narrowed. Leaning close, I noticed them raking back and forth. He’d seen something. Excitement ran through my gut, propelling me off the ottoman. I thudded into the ground and scrambled across the hard wood and under the table to his legs. Hopping up so my paws were on Castiel’s thigh I craned my neck to see the screen.
“Ah, well, c’est la vie as the frogs say.” The older Alpha shrugged, casually stuffing a wad of chewing tobacco in his cheek.
I could barely breathe. All I could do was beg silently for Cas to not be dead. I pulled his body into my lap, hunching over him in an effort to protect him and myself from the harsh truths raining down. Dad and Adam came up on either side of me once again, sneering at my pitiful attempt at hiding.
He was breathing but there was a large gash above his brow. Fisting his jacket in my hand, I looked around for what could have attacked. Jostling my brother slightly when I saw nothing but darkness, I asked, “Sam, where’s Cas?”
The pair froze. Dean glanced between his brother and the name he’d written in the ledger and asked, “Yeah, what’s it to you?”
“You think this was senseless murder and not a mate duel?” Sherriff asked carefully, circling the horse opposite the Winchesters. “If you think there’s a killer threatening my town, I have a right to know.”
I jumped at Sam’s sudden appearance. He stood holding an armful of chips and drinks, the innocent question wrinkling his forehead. Just like that, Jess was gone. Once again, safely tucked wherever he kept the memory of her.
He was right. She was a good choice. Not only did she have Claire for extra muscle, but also Alex for extra smarts. Maybe they could help find a way to reverse the druid spell. I wracked my brain for any kind of argument, but came up with nothing.
“Of course.” Sam said, stepping aside as Isadora brushed past him, clipping shoulders as she did. I noticed her trembling hand covering her mouth like she was thinking of being sick.
Her body temperature rose again as she let out a small whimper of desire. Despite wanting nothing more than to take her right then and there, Sam couldn’t help but think about his brother waiting. The quicker he found his father, the quicker he could come back and put his life as a bounty hunter behind him once more. Reluctantly, he pulled away.
Recognition flashed through his mind as he noticed one of the men as the prostitute that’d smelled him out as an Omega earlier. Instantly the hairs on Dean’s arm’s and neck stood up. He tried keeping his cool, but as soon as the group noticed him drawing closer, they moved to cut him off at the hotel’s entrance. The jig was up. Sidestepping away from them, Dean caught the glint of badges on their coats.
Brady stepped up, chest forward. Giving the man a slightly dangerous smile, he ordered a round of whiskey for all of them. As far as dominance matches went, it wasn’t the most intense Sam had ever seen. Just last week in fact, he witnessed two Betas trading punches in the park over an Omega mate. It got nasty before one pinned the other to the ground, snarling and spitting blood. No one dared pull them apart. If they were disputing, that was their right. It ended up being the Omega that drew the Beta away with a whine and lowered head in the end.
This wasn’t Sam. I knew that. But it didn’t stop my hand from shaking as I raised it to inspect the sudden weight that had appeared there. A knife dripping with blood. It looked so real.
For a brief moment, I could see the remnant of the angel he once was. A soldier of Heaven. A warrior of God. But then his expression darkened once again, and the blade twisted. I had reduced him to this…this thing. It wasn’t a matter of him not recognizing who he’d become. He knew. And he hated me for it. I didn’t know how he became like this. Guess I didn’t really need to know because it all boiled down to the same answer anyway.
For a split second, I wanted to be angry with him. Not even sure why. But almost as soon as the feeling flashed through my heart, it fizzled out. I looked at the smaller man and thought of my brother and I wondered about what I could have done differently to make this situation not suck as much as it did.
The same muffled voice from earlier spoke again but I couldn’t make out the words. Didn’t sound like they were too happy about Maxine asking for help.
My brother huffed. If I could laugh I would. I trotted to his side and pawed at his leg, urging him to take the officer up on his offer. He shot me an annoyed look before sighing again and saying grumpily, “Fine, but you don’t do anything without our say-so.”
After that, I gave him some basic information about the town. Ashland, Oregon: home to the Shakespeare Festival, Southern Oregon University, and about 22,000 people. We spent the next two hours drinking cheap diner coffee, reading up on whatever we could think of, and trying not to think of Dean. Just after putting in an order for dinner, I heard the bell above the door chime loudly. For a brief moment the sound of coastal wind roared. Loose napkins were scattered. I turned quickly and caught sight of my brother.
Clearing his throat and blinking away the tears in his eyes he said thickly, “So yeah, she kept going on about hearing stuff. Scared us all yesterday when she said she saw someone hiding out in the trees…should have listened to her.”
Trying not to choke while laughing at the look on my brother's face, I finished off my food and started gathering up our t-shirts, flannels and guns. We hit the asphalt less than thirty minutes after I woke up. Which might have been a mistake considering how much I stunk of beer and sweat. Should have showered first, but as I told Sam, if the windows were rolled down it wouldn’t be too noticeable. And besides, it was a warm June, and even if we were going to the perpetually chilly Pacific Northwest, keeping them open overnight would still feel refreshing.
Working quickly, Sam dislodged my boot. Gritting my teeth in pain and digging my fingers into the dirt, I bore with the agony of him carefully removing my boot. It was already starting to swell and discolor. Seeing that I groaned and asked, "Is it broken?"
“You the ones been killin’ my people?” A familiar leather-bound notebook slammed onto the desk next to the Sherriff as he stood and asked, “
“Why do you think we’re the enemy?” Sam asked rationally, jabbing me in the side in an effort to shut me up.
Castiel glanced down at their dicks still in his hand before meeting green eyes once again. He shook his head.
The Deputy also tested the air and commented, “You haven’t even presented yet. And you: your scent is…faint.”
Castiel was right on my heels. We hopped into the Impala and headed to the motel where his car was. After that, he followed me out of town. About fifteen minutes later, I found a row of low-lying pine trees that would be perfect. I stashed Baby and hopped into the passenger seat of Cas’ car. We drove around for another twenty or so minutes before finding another spot. It was west, close to the ocean, and near enough to town that walking back wasn’t too big a deal.
” A familiar voice called, making my blood run cold. My brother whipped around, face going white as a sheet as he looked to me. He could hear it too. “
’. Not wanting to look any longer at the infuriatingly empathetic concern deeply creasing the skin on his forehead, I turned to head toward the Impala. All I could think of was slamming my foot on the accelerator and putting this whole mess as far in the rear-view mirror as I could. Unfortunately, I only made it about three steps before my heart sank.
The pair of us found our way through the unfamiliar roads to a small parking lot that abutted the beach. Two cars were already there, clearly full of suitcases and other road trip amenities. I didn’t see any families though. In fact, all I saw was a lone boulder near the waterline and the man sitting atop it. I would recognize those shoulders anywhere. So did Castiel. But as the angel started toward him, I threw out my hand and caught his chest.
For a moment, Sam felt like he won. He angled his body, locking his arms around the person in a way that promised he was about to be pinned. But then the person’s foot hooked behind his knee unexpectedly, making him stumble. Before he knew it, Sam’s back slammed against the brick wall of the boarding house.
The tires snagged a rogue pothole Sam was too distracted to see coming, causing the occupants inside to jostle. Dean groaned, shutting his eyes as he clutched his stomach.
By now Castiel had detached himself from the others and drifted into the kitchen to listen curiously. I glanced at him before scoffing, “What favor?”
When Sam caught sight of the lights on the outside of the boarding house, he slowed their pace. Jessica noticed but didn’t mind. In fact, she matched Sam’s stride, her cheeks darkening further. Sam entwined his long fingers with hers, concentrating on how complete he felt being so near. It was here that the presence of the ring he’d purchased (with what little money he could scrape together) started burning a hole in his pocket. He wanted so badly to pull it out and promise himself to her. But he was waiting. Waiting until he was sure he could make her his.
