Balthazar blushed as he caught the double meaning of Crowley's words, ducking his head as he held out his left arm. "Trust me, I'm yours. And I'm not going anywhere unless your mother orders me to. She kinda scares me."
of them are adorable," Gadreel corrected. "Cas, don't mind my fiancé; he's just jealous that I had more trainees in High School than he did."
Gabe reached across the table and grabbed Cas's arm urgently, dragging his attention away from the Pack and the new bonds they were forming right in front of his eyes. "Cassie, there's only one omega spot left."
"I know. Also, you and Ruby will be taking positions in the Circle for the Equinox. We're a bit short on witches this year in general, and Mother won't be back in time."
The two guards standing near the huge double-doors were not the same alphas who had been there earlier, but they straightened instantly as Crowley approached, tilting their heads to the side slightly in a gesture of submission. Clearly the stories of the bloody events that had transpired earlier in the day had already made their rounds of the palace. Crowley held his head higher, pulling Balthazar tightly against his side as he strode into his throne room, noting the silence that gripped his court.
Tasha finished packing the supplies for her trip, counting water skins and looking through the pile of dried meat her daughter had brought. "Generally I go to the border with two of our betas, sometimes with Max, but we can't take any alphas. I'm not sure we could even bring your beta, since he's from the main pack and that might irritate my contact."
passed between them. Shaking his head, the smaller wolf shifted back into his human form, watching Crowley warily as the alpha shifted, too.
"No, we do not. And we have studied the topic extensively. When an alpha is in his or her first rut, it is up to the guardians to determine the teen's preferences and use it to scent train them accordingly. The guardian is usually an older, more dominant alpha with a few male betas and mated omegas to assist him, and we test which genders and subgenders the alpha prefers before pushing their limit. Once we know their preference, any future ruts can be managed more easily, and they can be allowed to stay with the tribe. We do not normally see that change."
"Never heard anyone buy Sammy be that excited about returning to school after winter break," Dean murmured. "It'll be good to have you back full time, sweetheart. Some of the Pack members haven't seen you since the attack and they need to see for themselves that you are okay. You know how dominants get when the omegas are hurt."
"You're iridescent white," Kevin argued, already seeing the merit in Mshindi's plan. "There's no moon tonight, and the stars are covered by low-lying clouds. It's almost pitch black out there and your coat needs some light to shine. Yeah, you'll be very light, but unless the guards are specifically looking for you, no one will notice."
"You will," Charlie whispered, her green eyes glowing with a deep indigo-purple light. "If you wish for the prophecy to end well, you
"We've been training for weeks, and marching was part of that," Charlie pointed out, practically skipping beside the men. Anna, who had little use for the complaints of her friends, marched ahead of them, looking down the hill toward the stragglers. Steve was back there, walking oddly slowly despite excelling in mountain march training the week before. Anna tapped Charlie's arm and nodded toward the straggler, her scent offering a question. "What is it, Anna?"
"Yes, as soon as I knew all of your names. I keep notes separately, and these are just the travel versions of my family trees. I have more complete, intricate ones at home." She took her scrolls back and rolled them back up, returning them to her bag carefully. "This is one of those projects that Rowena assigns to her apprentices. I think that Tasha kept the records before me."
Mystified, Balthazar followed Crowley out of his chambers and through the hallways to the throne room, the alpha pausing a moment to touch his communications tattoo and send out a call. The pair strode into the throne room, the doors hanging open during the public court hours in the afternoon, eliciting the surprise of Abaddon and the dozens of petitioners waiting along the wall.
"I know, Brother, but I can't help but hesitate." Gadreel jumped down from his tree, his wings spread just enough to slow his fall as he landed on his youngest brother. Cas yipped and flipped over, the start of a play-fight throwing snow into the air and burying both of them. "I'll try to talk to him, soon, I promise."
," he groaned, leaning down to kiss the side of the omega's neck. "You can't. We can't. You know that. Rowena said . . . and Sam will
"Of course I do. It would be easier to be strong if you felt more comfortable in your own body, though. Your pack mates just want permission to nuzzle or hug you when they sense that you don't feel well, and we want you to come to us as soon as you learn to recognize any feelings of loneliness or unease. I've seen you go to Sam many times, but I want you to know that you're welcome to come to me if he isn't around. A lot of the omegas in the pack do."
Gabriel nodded and closed his eyes, dropping his head and letting Sam’s certainty flow through their bond and calm his racing heart. He was too old to be so wired, but this was one of his thousands upon thousands of siblings that he had ever truly cared about. Cas
"I won't be late," Dean assured him cockily, one of the many alpha traits he had picked up from his father and brother over his twenty years of life. "Besides, I had to make sure that you got your tea this morning since she left early to go to town."
"Maggie, actually." Linda chuckled at the taller omega's shock, reaching up to pat his cheek. "She is quite an accomplished warrior; you don't get the title of Guardian to the Grand Coven High Priestess for nothing. Donald will be with us, so she graciously offered to take Meg's spot with the guard."
Max sighed and nodded, accepting the witch's explanation. Though he and Alicia looked very similar and often thought along the same paths, there were times when they were complete opposites, even down to their dynamically opposed subgenders. They were even the least common types, a female alpha and a male omega, and he knew that Rowena could use their strange dynamic in her ritual.
"Good. I know that you struggled with that when we were in training." The Head Alpha buried his fingers in the ruff of fur around Balthazar's neck, climbing onto his back and wrapping his legs around his chest behind his front legs. He weighed more than Mshindi, but his legs held on tighter and his position was better than the Nomad's had been.
Dean countered, the black Celestial looking up at his announcement. Sam repeated it to Gabriel, waiting for his brother to explain himself.
Gabriel looked up at the mahogany wolf towering over him, golden eyes thoughtful. Dean’s huge white paws rested near the blonde’s head, white spots covering his legs before giving way fully to the rich mahogany fur that covered the rest of his body, just the hint of white ticking on the ends of each strand. He had a few white freckles on his muzzle and white on the tip of his long tail, and Gabriel had only ever heard of one freckled mahogany wolf in the Wilderness or Spellbound lands. “Aren’t you John Winchester’s pups?”
Cas's reaction was immediate, the omega whining and pulling against his brothers' suddenly iron grips in an effort to reach the shirt in Charlie's lap. Gadreel ignored Cas's struggles, purring softly as he kept the younger omega tucked against his chest. Charlie handed the shirt over as soon as Cas had himself somewhat under control, letting the omega breathe in the scent of his alpha. "Gabe, hand him the plate now."
The omega huffed grumpily. "I wouldn't have to go that far north. They use the blades in the southern pack, too, you know."
Charlie bit her lip and furrowed her brow. "I know he loves you, Dean, and that you love him. I don't doubt that; no one who has seen you would. However, that's not why he wants to spend so much time with you. There's a subtle scent that omegas emit when they feel safe, protected, and wanted, and I smell it every time I'm around Cas. He wants that feeling, is desperate to keep it, and he is terrified that he will lose it."
Claire nodded eagerly, grinning as she looked over her shoulder at the tent flap that led to the rest of the camp. "I'll bet I'm the youngest recruit out there!"
Gabriel hopped off the table and took the seat beside Sam, leaning over to see the hunter’s screen. “Can you load all of the areas where you got reports of Amara killing?”
Dean sighed, his eyes brimming with tears that he no doubt would refuse to shed in front of so many people, tightening his left arm around Cas's waist and raising his right hand to cradle the angel's head. "Don't do that to me again."
The petite beta, not in the least concerned about the major brawl breaking out in the center of the camp, held out one hand patiently and glanced up at Khan. "Let me take your horse to the field where the rest of them are stabled. He's caused enough trouble for today."
The gray-haired beta nodded distractedly and pulled out his phone, sending out a message on the teachers' messaging app. "You can all tell your teachers that you were caught up in the . . . unfortunate situation in the west hall and they will excuse your tardiness."
The alpha slipped out of his stained pants and reached for the strings on Cas's, smirking at the omega. "Let's see if I can make you even happier."
"Because they can't be bred," Balthazar murmured. "Is John afraid that his son will mate a male beta? He can't possibly think that."
Dean grinned and nodded, cupping Cas's hand with his. "Just a quick spritz before school and it should keep your scent to a normal, pre-presentation level. Try not to use too much, though; I would hate to not smell your honeysuckle and clover every day."
"Crowley, the boy has been through a lot. He should curl up with my boys for a while and limit his exposure to alphas."
"I know you'll find a way to come back; my weekends have been super boring lately and you make them a lot more interesting."
Dean snorted as they began the long trek around the north side of the lake. "Doesn't seem to be a problem for you, though. I haven't seen you lose control yet."
Dean leaned his forehead against the door, struggling to calm his reactions and prevent his scent from frightening the omega. "Cas, why are you here? I know Sam told you to stay away."
"Thank you, Dean." He was finally calm enough to pull out of Dean's arms, though he still missed being shrouded in that spicy cinnamon aroma.
. . . and I don't understand any of them. I see wolves I don't recognize, places I've never been, and some sort of war that is much, much worse than the border skirmishes that the three packs have fought these past few decades. What is going on?"
Kevin folded his butterfly kite wings, lowering his voice to its deepest register as he called out to the two men. "Citizens, I need firepower."
Cas turned to Dean and took his hands, earnest blue eyes boring into startled green. "No, Dean, I don't want anything. This, everything you've already given me, this is enough."
"Kevin!" The diminutive dragon looked up at that, his ears twirling forward again. The Great Ancestor, who little cared that his name had been lost to time, waved one hand toward the high shelves overlooking the small shrine, a stone animal statue sitting atop all but one. "These are the family guardians. They . . ."
The alpha's mind helpfully supplied the memory of Steve sitting on that pole, his eyes the bright, vibrant green of Imperial Jade, and he couldn't help but feel that sense of déjà vu again. The inability to place the color distracted his inner voice for a moment, but Castiel knew that it would return, eventually. There was no way he found that boy attractive, he insisted to himself.
"Donald, Maggie," the alpha returned. "I hope you have a good reason for requesting this meeting. Zar was just telling me this morning how he wished we could sleep in once in a while."
"Yeah, we can head to a small pond I know of in a park in the northern part of town. The nobles' estates are nearby, but the park itself is relatively secluded. It's close enough that we won't have to shift."
"April does have a section in her training scrolls about that," Cas mused, "but it's a simple enough answer. If you desire a partner, as long as you have shared my bed at least once and therefore bear my scent, it is permitted for you to seek someone out. As a male omega, you have much more freedom than a female since you can't get pregnant, but it is highly frowned upon for anyone to knot you other than me, even while you are in heat. Generally, I would recommend a beta because of this, even Inias, but I wouldn't stop you from finding someone compatible during that time. Female omegas often contract with the town brothel for one of their male omegas; they are the perfect partners."
"That was the series that Netflix made between the first and second movies," Sam replied, rising to his feet and joining Ruby at the BluRay rack. "Well, we have all three movies. I guess we're starting with this one. I think we have enough time for all of them since we can stay up late on Saturday nights."
"I know," the half-witch whispered, "but Max and I still think she will have more luck if we aren't here. We already told her, and she is willing to let us stay in Spellbound lands for a couple of seasons if she is successful."
“Michael has a vessel,” Cas replied, his dark voice more ominous than usual. “If he escapes, he will have his full powers, his wings, and his access to Heaven, three things that Lucifer won’t. With all of the other archangels dead, Michael would be unstoppable.”
“Sure I can,” the middle-aged redheaded woman replied, her southern drawl incredibly strong. Judging from the information on the card that she handed Castiel, she was from Texas. “I breed six type of parrots: Scarlet Macaws, Umbrella Cockatoos, Congo African Greys, Caiques, Indian Ringnecks, and Quakers.” She pointed at each collection of clear boxes as she spoke, explaining that the enclosure kept the little ones warm in the chill of the large building. Castiel touched the side of a box and found that it was, indeed, warm, probably from the red lights over each box. “How much experience do you have with birds?”
Cas stared at the older omega, cobalt eyes wide as he tried to process that information. "I had no idea. Do a lot of people do that; use their wolf form to give birth sooner?"
Crowley gasped as he broke the kiss, pulling Balthazar against his chest and resting his chin on top of his head. "What a good boy," he purred, running his fingers through blonde hair as he felt his heart rate slowly return to normal. "I don't think I'll ever get tired of kissing you, but I need you to do something else for me now." Balthazar nodded enthusiastically, wanting nothing more than to obey and please his alpha. "I really need you to come back to me, Zar. Just concentrate on breathing and shaking free from your wolf."
Missouri shrugged. "A rising prophet can trigger sudden and intense visions in psychics and seers thousands of miles away, but these visions are uncoordinated and messy. From what I can tell, the danger is in the capital city, a few weeks after Spring Equinox, but I cannot be more specific than that."
"Who is this?" A rough, older alpha with dark skin and a graying beard emerged from the back of the shop, carrying a large box filled with jars of oil and placing it on the shelf behind Bobby. He eyed the newcomers with distrust, but it seemed that the scowl on his face was permanent and not an indicator of some specific aggression.
to hear from you." The "finally" was implied. "No, I called you earlier but you were blocking me out." She tilted her head, nodding once. "Yes, I understand. How is the poor boy? He's blocking Tasha out." The Wilderness witch rolled her eyes at the mention, but didn't speak. "His brother sensed something was wrong. He came in here, frantic, and asked us to reach out. I think they need to talk." Rowena furrowed her eyebrows, the only sign of her displeasure. "No, not in the morning. Now. This pup will go insane if he has to wait that long. Do you remember how to span a link or do I need to get Tasha on line?"
"Terrible," Dean groused, not bothering to glance at his companion. He had spent part of the morning browsing the stores in the marketplace, but every time he saw some beautiful swath of cloth or an intricate piece of jewelry, he had turned to show it to Cas. The omega wasn't there, of course; he was still secluded with the omegas in Asa's house, and it was killing Dean to be apart from him. The alpha, frustrated with his increasingly irritated reactions to people, had left the city for whatever serenity he could find at the side of the lake.
They only managed one more hour of swimming before the omegas were too tired to continue. Once they were warm and dry, the boys dressed and followed Crowley back to the castle, their retinue of guards flanking the group. Ruby glanced at Crowley as she walked one pace behind and to the side of him, brushing the purple tattoo on her arm.
Dean led Sam and Castiel back to the fire, staying in human form and watching the young omega as much as he could. The younger man was clearly not used to walking barefoot as a human, but he never complained or moved to change back. He was in the middle of telling the brothers the story of his first successful hunt as they entered the clearing, every face turning toward them as they appeared. Gadreel and Balthazar rose to their feet, Gabriel struggling to do the same before Jo put a warning hand on his shoulder. Benny stepped forward and offered a welcoming smile, crossing his wrists in front of his chest and offering Castiel the same alpha bow the raven-haired man had just exchanged with Dean.
Charlie reached out and threaded her fingers with Cas's, smiling gently at the raven-haired omega. Images flashed through her head, fragments of the Celestial's future, and she tried to ignore them to focus on the present. Hopefully it would be easier to control once she met her prophet and formed the bond. "You've been abused, Cas, for your entire adult life. Your brother beat you for years, starved you during your heats, and chased you from your home. You're an omega, born to submit to and care for a more dominant partner, but your life forced you to push that integral part of your personality down until now. Is it any wonder that your mind betrays you like this?"
Crowley wrapped his arms around Balthazar's waist and stepped away from the door, turning them and pushing the omega against the wall, purring as he claimed the blonde's lips. Balthazar let out a tiny whine, bending his knees and letting the wall support him, subconsciously trying to find a way to submit to his alpha. Crowley sensed his omega losing himself, a warning that he should pull away and leave, but he could still feel the imprint of Balthazar's lips on his scent gland. He pressed closer to the omega, groaning as he felt Balthazar's erection rub against his own, and he knew that he had lost.
Cas snorted and shook his head, letting his azure eyes rise to meet his alpha's jade. "Are there any other clubs, organizations, or packs that you're in charge of that you have neglected to tell me? I mean, I've known you less than a week and you seem to own like half the school."
Dean walked up behind the grieving captain, wringing his hands as he tried to decide what to say. He wanted to comfort his alpha, but he wasn't sure what he could say. He finally settled on a soft, "I'm sorry" before closing his eyes and bowing his head in respect. Cas pushed himself to his feet and turned to walk back to the cluster of soldiers, pausing to rest his hand on Dean's shoulder in a gesture of thanks. Stormy blue eyes met faded jade green, and for a moment they were the only two people on that silent hill. The moment passed as Cas walked away, Dean turning to the memorial with the doll he had found still in his hand. Carefully, he placed the small toy next to the sword, honoring the innocent villagers who had died here today, people just like his mother and brothers who did not deserve to be crushed by the machinery of war.
Gabriel leaned back into Sam's chest, finding that the hunter was the perfect height for their eyes to meet with his head thrown back. He jerked his hips forward involuntarily, clenching the edge of the table as he fought to regain the power of speech. "I really need you to be naked right now, Sam." No nicknames, no teasing, no jokes. Gabriel was deadly serious, and archangels were used to being obeyed.
Balthazar felt some of the tension in his chest fade, sighing as he leaned against Alfie's shoulder.
Linda stared at him for a long moment, finally nodding. "I can see that you care about him, and I know that he trusts you. But, Crowley, I care about that boy, too, and I do not want to see him hurt again."
"Okay, now for special cases. Alicia and Max Banes, you indicated that you would join together or not at all. I know that we didn't have room for both of you last year, but we do now, so I would like to invite you to join the Pack. Alicia, Jo has asked for you personally, and Max you will be Kevin Tran's first adoption. I trust that you will enjoy your time with us."
Cas reached up and twined his fingers with Dean's, pulling the alpha's hand to his chest, biting his bottom lip as he watched that hand drift lower. "No biting, no omega space, and don't mount me. Dean, I think you can handle that."
Sam nodded, taking his lentils and his spoon. "You'll really train me? Make me a great warrior? I didn't want to be an alpha, but if I have to be one, I want to be the strongest one I can be."
"I make it a point to notice you." Jo smiled gently, ducking her head so their eyes could meet. "Is it a witch thing, or something you can tell me?"
He flapped his wings an instant before he came, screaming to the heavens as his release covered Sam's heaving chest and his golden wings stretched open to protect them both from the sun beating down overhead.
Sam started to say something, freezing as Cas took the largest bird and laid him on his back in Sam's lap, huge black feet sticking up in the air. The largest parrot reached his head back and began to nibble on a fold in Sam's jeans, trilling happily at his new discovery, perfectly content to wiggle his feet but not flip over. Sam carefully reached forward and touched the bird's upper chest where creamy white feathers met vibrant orange, and the bird released his jeans to rub his heavy black beak on the hunter's long finger. "His name is Dax," Cas offered softly, rejoining Dean on the bed.
The omega grinned as he nuzzled his alpha, letting Crowley's spicy scent wash over him. "You know you love it."
Claire sat up in the bed as the body she had been cuddling vanished, looking down at her father for some sort of explanation. Dean paused his flight long enough to shove his feet into his shoes and grab his cloak, dashing out of the tent and in the general direction of the horses. Balthazar, who had opened one eye just in time to see their guest vanish into the morning, groaned and pushed his sister off of his chest. "I'll check on him, Claire," he murmured, grabbing his own shoes as he headed out into the snow.
“Great,” Dean growled, clenching his hand into a fist on the table. “That is exactly what we need right now; a mad archangel who can’t be too happy that Sam and I are alive.”
Gabriel relaxed, smirking at the hunter. "Of course they were. It's been a long time since he showed them to another angel, and even longer since I last saw them. If I remember correctly, Cassie has raven-black feathers that fade to dark blue at the tips."
Gadreel smiled and bowed to the shorter alpha, glancing at Ben's omega mate and son. "He did remarkably well for his first heat."
The blonde pushed away from the wall and spun around, golden eyes searching his soon-to-be-lover's face as he slowly nodded. Sam reached over to the bag on his table and pulled a set of runed black cuffs out, a kind of expectant calm filling the room. "They won't really hold me while at full power if I truly want to escape, but they will dampen my powers and strength considerably."
He felt the first twist of pain along the muscles of his wings, wincing as he banked left to return to the clearing.
"Cas, about us . . . I've never really had a solid relationship except that year with Lisa. I don't want you to be disappointed if I'm not like the boyfriends in the shows that you watch."
was the ultimate mark of acceptance into the Pack, and it warmed him more than the books themselves. "Thank you, Maggie, Benny, everyone. I can't wait to read all of these, but I don't know if I have anywhere to put them."
Kevin skipped across the landing a few yards away, laughing maniacally as he watched the utter destruction he had wrought, slowing to a stop just in time to catch Cri-Kee out of the air. "You are a lucky bug," he chuckled as he put out the fire on the cricket's left antennae. Above them, the fireworks continued to explode uncontrollably while the crowd screamed and cheered from the ground below.
"He clearly doesn't understand his place here. An alpha protects those under his care, and he clearly failed tonight."
The Wilderness lands were patrolled by one very tiny wild pack, the three members all choosing to live outcast from society for their own individual reasons. Their leader was a dark-skinned alpha male who had come from a land so far away that Wilderness pack didn't even have open trading lines there. His wolf form was the same warm dark brown shade as his skin, a color well-suited to the shadows of his forest home. Victor Henrikson had never felt at home in the city, choosing to leave almost two decades earlier with his dark omega companion, the beta joining them ten years later.
Cas didn’t answer, didn’t want to answer, but he knew that Dean was right. If his grace faded much more, he would start to feel many of the common human weaknesses, like cold and hunger.
"It is pleasant," Cas replied, finishing off his first fish and skewering a second. He intended to be at least mostly full before Dean pulled out the s'mores supplies since they had a bit of drive back to town before they could have supper. "I have to admit, this will be more relaxing when I am back in school full time. I can't wait for January."
"Yes, Mark, that will be fine. Perhaps some extra honey cakes this morning, if the chef has any prepared. And blueberry muffins." Mark nodded and stuck his head out the door, sending a servant down to the kitchen to fetch breakfast.
Blue eyes shot open, a trace of fear darkening them before he realized where he was. Taking a deep breath, Balthazar pushed himself into a sitting position, stretching his arms as the servants placed a series of steaming platters on the low table nearby. He readjusted his blanket as he noticed the food, his stomach growling a command. "Yeah, starving."
"We will later tonight, if that's alright," Alfie answered, staring at his wine glass. "I really need to go throw some knives for a while, work off this . . . I don't know. Anger isn't right. I'm so frustrated; I feel like I should have done something, even though I wasn't there."
Balthazar felt a shock of terror grip his soul, and he knew that it showed in his eyes. "He . . . he poisoned her, didn't he?" Gabriel's bleeding form filled his mind.
"Castiel is cautious," Balthazar murmured, keeping his voice low to ensure the privacy of their conversation. He knew that his brother trusted this Steve person, but he wouldn't want his private life to be broadcast throughout the army. "I know that you've spoken with Claire a number of times; did she tell you her history?"
"Uh, it's an alpha thing. He means go masturbate and get rid of that erection before you go up for breakfast."
Rowena stepped back and placed a hand on Tasha's cheek, her purple eyes glowing with her power. "You didn't tell me you were pregnant."
The Celestial joined his companion, biting his lip as he shifted uncomfortably and stared at the table. Damian was shorter than him, but broader, a life of trade having honed his muscles impressively, even his skin darker from years in the sun. His pale green eyes glowed against that bronze backdrop, his brown hair highlighted in gold and worn loose around his shoulders.
Sam grinned evilly, raising one hand to wrap his fingers lightly around Gabe's exposed neck, the other snaking around his waist and pulling him tightly against the hunter's chest. The tall man leaned forward, trapping Gabe against the table and grinding into him, both of them groaning at the contact. "Is that what you need?"
"Tomorrow night, I think. The scent isn't there yet, but increased appetite is a big sign. They can stay tonight, but they'll need to return to their own wing the night after. Linda mentioned that you had planned to spend their heat with them. Is that still true?"
"Right. Because the dam doesn't have a beta gene, the pair cannot produce a non-prime beta offspring. Charts like this help us determine possible genetic issues that can arise from certain pairings, such as Balthazar and Crowley. Because we know that Balthazar is AAOO, and Crowley has to be OOxx, they have a chance to produce an OOOO fetus, which would most likely result in a miscarriage. This is one reason that betas are considered less fertile than alphas or omegas, because they can carry unexpressed A and O genes."
Charlie gasped and jumped out of her chair, Jo losing her grip on the omega as the witch's eyes glowed purple. Dean and Sam had gone to take their turns on the guard towers until dusk, both of them needing the distraction from their missing omegas, but Benny had stayed to keep Jo and Charlie company while they waited for Rowena to emerge from her rooms.
Chuck raised his arms, looking out across the crowd as he raised his voice so that it could carry to the edge of the courtyard. "My children, heaven smiles down upon the Middle Kingdom. China will sleep safely tonight, thanks to our brave warriors." Castiel looked down at the sword in his hands and sighed, unable to prevent himself from thinking of the brave warrior who had saved his life and dropped a mountain of snow on the Hun army. Dean should be here, receiving the Emperor's praise, but Cas had sent him away.
"I'll do what when I wake up?" The sleepy whisper vibrated against Dean's throat, Cas's fingers digging into his side as he tried to pull himself closer.
Charlie led Jo to Rowena's room, fingers lightly twined with the alpha's. "I've known her most of my life; she never sleeps in."
Cas nodded and headed into the harem wing with Meg on his heels, wondering why he had gone to so much effort to avoid it. Yes, Dean was lovely and his scent intrigued the alpha, but that shouldn't have been a reason to avoid his own harem. Silently berating himself, Cas entered the spacious main room, noting Hester and Daphne studying in their nest of pillows in the corner, April rising from her own seat to bow a greeting. "Highness, it is good to see you. You have been sorely missed in these apartments."
"Yeah, and what about Castiel? Don't think I didn't see what Alastair tried this morning. We picked him for a reason, you know."
Cas closed his eyes and reached out, groaning at the sharp pain in his skull. “No, they have blanketed the area in static. There are thirty angels out there yelling in Enochian as loudly as they can to keep me from calling out, or anyone else from listening in. Not that I really have any friends left in Heaven who would bother to look for me.”
"I want to ride you, Sam," he groaned, golden eyes meeting bright hazel. "It's been thousands of years since . . ."
Tasha glanced at her son, who shrugged. "I suppose that will work. Max, go see if Garth is free today to help Balthazar weave some wolf-fur undergarments. Spellbounds may tolerate a lot of things, but nakedness is not one of them."
"Crowley's smitten with the boy," Dean confirmed. "Cas told me that one of the palace guards attacked Balthy and Crowley tore his neck out with his teeth. In front of his whole court. I doubt anyone in Spellbound lands questions Crowley's feelings for his omega."
Balthazar started at the word, realizing as Crowley broke the connection that the alpha had sent it without thinking, on instinct. "He called me 'love'," Balthazar whispered, grinning as he looked up at the brothers.
Benny chuckled and tightened his arm around Gadreel's waist. "True that, cher. That's the best part of running with Dean Winchester; he fights enough for the both of us. But do you really want to be with a beta?"
"You should have watched him better," John retorted, a sharpness in his scent. "You took him to that party and you were responsible for watching him."
"Well, traditionally the omega's parents would make the wedding plans in a union like ours, but my mom has never believed in tradition."
“In case Lucifer got out. I doubt he would be content with me ruling Hell if he were to escape and I do not look forward to the torture I would endure under his Kingship. I wanted to have a series of spells built into the vessel that would allow me to control or contain the angel inside. Lucifer most certainly remembers that I tried to help you kill him last time he was on Earth, and if he gets free again I’m toast.” Crowley offered a nonchalant shrug. “They have repaired the body that he used before you, strengthening it to hold an angel, but they tell me that an archangel is much stronger and will likely burn it out. They don’t know how long it will take to perfect the vessel, and the spells are another matter entirely.”
Dean couldn't stop the growl or his eyes from flashing red again. "That's not all they wanted to do, sweetheart," he managed, fully aware that both of his parents were listening.
Cas hung his head and looked back at the table.  “I don’t know.  It just seems like one of those things I should experience.”  Something seemed to click in his mind, and Cas looked up at Dean eagerly.  “But you know all the words to every song we hear in your car, Dean.  You could do it.  You could sing karaoke.”
Day two post-pole they returned to the fishing exercise, which most people still couldn't manage to do well, but Castiel complimented their form and the attempt, which is more than they got the first time. They practiced slamming their heads into things that afternoon, and Balthazar was learning that his skull was very, very thick. He was slowly developing the focus that would be required to target his energy at a piece of wood in order to snap it, and the other recruits were determined to learn it, as well. The entire day they improved, infuriatingly slow at some things, but terrifyingly fast at others. Two days into the third week, Dean found himself sitting next to Castiel at supper, completely worn out from training but somehow energized by the memory of his wins. Benny had even congratulated him, patting the young omega on the shoulder after being laid out flat on the ground by his bo staff.
He slipped into dark pair of loose pants, finding a pair of outdoor slippers to match and grabbing his darkest shirt. Slipping his arms into the loose sleeves, he crossed the lapels over his chest and tied the sash, heading out of his room.
Gabriel smiled and bowed his head toward the alpha, clearly not comfortable touching him but willing to let him sit there. Balthazar, never really bothered by anything, reached out to shake Dean's hand, not letting his fingers touch Dean's scent gland but keeping his grip friendly. "Hi, I'm Cas and Gabe's older brother, Balthazar."
Chuck held up one hand and silenced his son, waving his hand in an order for the soldiers to part. While reluctant, they did obey, all of them closing their eyes and bowing their heads as they moved back to reveal a tall, blond male omega wearing concubine robes that fit him oddly well. While Chuck did not have any official male concubines, he did have omega sons who were still young enough to live in the concubine quarters with his half-blood pups, and Gadreel especially liked to wear robes like his mother from time to time. This lovely navy-blue dress was his, the red collar accented by the red sash, that color helping to bring out the bright jade in the omega's eyes. Chuck recognized the boy, of course, and would have known him for John Winchester's first born even if he had not heard Metatron's report on the matter. Dean, for his part, stepped forward to accept his fate, bowing almost to the waist as omegas were expected to do when meeting any high-ranking alpha, and especially the Emperor.
"The end of season five. It's the book where Michael and Lucifer fight and I drop both of them into the Cage."
Balthazar grinned and nodded, already mapping out the location of the river in relation to their camp in his mind. "Of course. How did she know?"
"You know, we make quite the pair. My dad would tan my hide if he knew that I let that alpha mount me, and I'm sure your oldest brother wouldn't take to kindly to finding out you're not his idea of a perfect little omega."
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's waist, resting his chin on the alpha's shoulder as the prince returned his hug. He would never have pups or freedom, but he could see that his destiny as the future Caesar's consort wasn't going to be bleak and lonely as he had been led to believe. It was going to be wonderful.
Charlie nodded and pushed herself to her feet. "I think I know what's bothering him. Give me a minute. Oh, which bedroom has been used the least by the omegas?"
"That's just outside the front of the neighborhood, on 19th," Cas pointed out. "Can't he go there now and get a radiator?"
The black male growled, but the sound was half-hearted and lacked its previous vigor. Omegas were not known for their stamina, so the fact that he had survived so long was a testament to his incredible willpower. The white wolf, patches of his iridescent fur missing along his side from his fight with Lilith, slowly crawled forward, blue eyes locked on the four wolves lying on their backs.
Max groaned and leaned back against the picnic basket, the last of the candied fruit in a bowl by his feet. Alicia chuckled as she read her scroll again, silently mouthing the words of the ritual as Charlie drew in the dirt with a stick. "Rowena, this is way more complicated than the ritual that mom, Alicia, and I have done."
“No, of course not. I wouldn’t return just to tell you that. But if you take away Dean and Cas, what’s left?”
"Get used to it! My pack is very welcoming, even accepting a decently powerful, natural-born witch from Spellbound lands. Accepting you is nothing compared to that!"
"I can do that," Gabriel promised, running some quick calculations as he looked Sam up and down. He would easily break six feet, and his frame should broaden nicely. "I'm pretty sure you'll be the biggest soldier in the Roman army in a few years. Sam, I swear on my father's name that I will turn you into a warrior almost as famous as me."
Kevin shook his head. "I smelled some flowers, I think, but I couldn't identify any specific one. Is it normal for visions to be so spontaneous and unreliable?"
*Mating is only allowed if both partners are 18 or over; forced mating of younger (usually omegas) teens was outlawed sixty or so years ago
Damian shook his head, having picked at his breakfast that morning. Most omegas had little to no appetite on their last day, every fiber of their being encouraging them to
Dean let out a sound halfway between a laugh and a sob, crashing his lips into Cas's to stop the flow of emotions swirling through his body. He had wanted to be gentle, to show the omega how much he cared, but clearly Cas wasn't interested in soft or slow, either. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck, pulling him as close as possible and tilting his head in an effort to deepen the kiss. Dean dropped one hand to Cas's lower back, pulling the raven-haired man against his chest and groaning at the contact. He pressed their bodies together, chasing that electric feeling, slipping his hand under Cas's shirt and slowly moving lower.
Sam pulled away from the archangel, shaking his head to clear away the tears that kept trying to return. “Why did you come back now? Michael is free and we’re one wrong move from starting the Apocalypse. Again. This is the kind of situation where I would expect to see you running for the hills.”
“We won’t know until he wakes up.” Tasha finished bandaging Gabriel’s leg, glancing up into Sam’s hazel eyes before continuing. “I won’t lie; it’s a bad sign that he is unconscious. You got him here quickly, and that’s good, but I fear that he is not out of the woods yet.” She leaned down to sniff the omega’s neck where his scent was the strongest, examining the sourness in his aroma and frowning. “Sam, tell me
Once everyone was done eating, the kitchen was cleaned up, and all of the food was put away, the group returned to the living room and their video games. Benny and Gadreel joined Ash and Anna playing one of the Halo games, where the young omega quickly learned the most effective way to kill with an energy sword. Sam and Gabe, who had been playing board games earlier, convinced Ruby and Meg to join them in the corner while Charlie and Kevin squeezed onto the couch with Dean and Cas. Crowley and Balthazar, finding themselves along on the third couch, found an RPG that neither of them had ever heard of and gleefully jumped into the story.
"I will, Dad," Dean promised, rising to his feet and heading off to find his father's horse and head to town. In the back of his mind, he started to repeat the litany of omega Rules that he would have to know for the Matchmaker, especially the ones that he always screwed up. Inside his father's house, it was acceptable for him to act dominant and talk back, but he would have to bury that part of himself down very deep if he hoped to impress the Matchmaker today.
"There you are. What's that smell?" Cas glanced down at the empty tea cup in Dean's hand, wrinkling his nose in disapproval.
"I called Sam before we left the house, and he said that his parents have offered to let you all sleep over tonight." The Novak house had a landline phone, and Mike had a cell phone, but none of the other pups had any kind of communication device. Chuck thought that even a pay-by-the-minute flip phone would be too much of a distraction for his school-aged children, so they had to use the house phone if they wanted to talk to anyone.
"I don't . . . I don't want to lose you, Dean. I know Sam is angry right now, but he doesn't want to lose you, either."
Jo rolled away from Gabriel as he sliced forward with his blade, both blondes snapping their teeth in the same aggressive gesture they would use as wolves as they grabbed for each other. Gabriel wrapped his arm around Jo's waist, pinning her dagger arm behind her back as he raised his dagger to her throat, her free hand tightening around his wrist. He pressed forward, fighting against the pain she was causing him, grinning as the side of his triple-edged blade came to a rest against the side of her neck. "Jo is dead," Gadreel called, all combatants freezing in position as Gabriel released Jo and exchanged a bow with her, accepting her blade.
Benny leaned against Ellen's counter and picked up one of her spice jars. "What's the issue? One of your boys was losing his mind tryin' to get my attention."
Benny, having proven himself the finest archer in the group, stood on the top of Balthazar's shoulders and stared out into the snowing ocean, bow half-raised in the hopes that he would see his friend. Balthazar, hands steadying Benny's legs, stood with one foot on Anna's shoulder and one on Charlie's, the two women having volunteered to take the bottom of the soldier pyramid on top of the rocky outcropping sheltering their band. Ishim was alternately watching the snow flow past and helping to steady the tower, reasonably certain that the avalanche was petering out. Charlie craned her neck, unable to see over the heaving waves of snow, arm locked around Anna's waist to hold them both steady. "Do you see them?" She felt Balthazar start to lose his balance and she shifted her own weight, free hand on the lean man's leg to keep him steady.
Castiel rode his horse two lengths behind Metatron, who was smiling and waving at the front of the military parade as if he had actually destroyed an entire army by himself. His superior on the Council walked in front of him and just behind the acrobats, telling everyone to "Make way for the heroes of China!" Ketch was a tall alpha with a taller ego who had jumped at the chance to volunteer to lead the parade welcoming the soldiers back from fighting the Huns. He was the Minister of Works, a position he had been appointed to after mating one of Castiel's omega cousins, Mick Davies, though by all accounts he was a competent man and popular enough in the City itself. Imperials did not hold many of the Council spots, but mating one of them was a respected step on the path of gaining an appointment.
Dean cleared his throat and moved them deeper into the lake, ignoring the chill in the water that threatened to sap his strength. "I, uh, didn't know I would like that. Submitting to an alpha for sex is one thing, submitting to an omega . . . in front of my whole pack . . ."
"Yeah I can. I'm not bringing the bed, though; we're getting you a more comfortable one as soon as we get back."
"To become a slave because of how you are born, it is not fair, my brother," Gadreel murmured. Now that Dean was looking closely, he could see the marks on Gadreel's arms from whips, though the faded white scars could easily be explained as rope marks from carrying loads of food or goods, as a kitchen servant would. "I fought every master, sought to escape constantly, but I was always found by my scent, beaten, and sent back to the markets. Benny saved me."
The second, smaller room was filled with Imperials, all of them clustered together on a pile of blankets surrounded by pillows. Dean offered a tentative smile to the group, recognizing Anna and Balthazar sitting beside Claire, as well as their beta half-siblings Benjamin and Hannah. Their other half-sibling in the platoon, and Hannah's full sister, was Muriel, but as she was mated she would be curled up with Ishim in another tent. Dean took a seat beside Balthazar, looking around the circle nervously as Castiel took the empty space on his other side.
"I'd have to consult the shamans, but I'm pretty sure that particular pairing has never been seen in a thousand years. Chuck's parents were a messenger and a witch, and I think that contributed to his incredible powers. With a legacy and a messenger, I'd think that all of the pups would take after one parent or the other, possibly with the messengers being larger and stronger than usual. I guess it would be the same for both of your brothers who are planning to mate legacies. However, this is the first time the tribes have mixed like this in hundreds of years, so anything could happen."
The redhead snorted and poked at her roll with a knife, trying to decide if she was still hungry or just bored. "You were training all day; how did you notice?"
The younger teen chuckled, already feeling calmer and more centered than he had in weeks. "This is your club thing? You couldn't have mentioned that you're the leader of this Pack?"
Sam's eyes darkened to the brownest shade they could manage, the scent of his own anger joining Dean's in the dining room. Their family members just watched the confrontation in silence, knowing that the boys had to work this out on their own. "It is an honor to protect my country and my family." This time his words were stronger, surer, and it was clear that he was beginning to believe that. He spoke slowly, his measured words either an attempt to prove his own strength or contain his growing anger, but Dean couldn't tell which.
Kevin snorted. "Yeah right, yeah sure. Look, go to your tent!" He pointed toward the end of the long row of soldier tents, eyes narrowed. Dean blushed and turned away, heading to bed and the terrifying but thrilling prospect that he might dream of his alpha captain again. Once Dean had vanished into the row of tents, Kevin turned to Cri-Kee with a devious light in his eyes as he rubbed his hands together. "I think it's time we took this war into our own hands."
Benny, leaning casually against the window, smiled widely as soon as he spotted Gadreel, opening his arms in invitation. The tallest of the omegas joined the beta, purring gently against his chest as they sank into a pile of cushions together. Cas barely noticed, however, all of his attention on the green-eyed alpha resting casually on the largest couch in the room, a slow smile spreading across his face. "Morning, Sunshine."
Uriel shrugged as he finished his punch and poured himself another, nodding toward Cas's cup as the omega gulped down his second serving and silently requested a third. He was getting quite used to the new flavor. "He didn't take any when you got here. I don't think he really likes it, do you?"
"No, a witch can only bond with one prophet in her lifetime. It's supposed to be incredibly intense, a connection almost as deep as a mating bond. I've been, uh, chosen."
"Most of my concubines enjoy reading, art, music, and dance. If you join the harem, I will be happy to provide tutors in any subject you desire."
"Wow, Charlie; this is really impressive." Gadreel ran his finger across his family tree, his own name written in beautiful calligraphy beside Gabriel's. They and the younger twins had small wing images above their names, clearly marking them as messengers. "Did you just update this part here?"
to know," Dean replied, half-turning and hurling the taller alpha across the hallway. Alastair fell to the ground with a grunt, glaring up at his attacker but knowing better than to stand before Dean walked away. He was not the dominant alpha in this confrontation, that much was clear. "I told you last year when you started harassing young omegas that if I caught your scent on one of them again I would rip your head off. I'm sure you understand that it was not hyperbole."
John found his oldest son sitting on a bench overlooking the small pond in the center of the garden. Cherry blossoms bloomed overhead, and a small purple cricket sat on a branch nearby, chirping mournfully at the boy. Even with his long hair tied back and clad in his green and gray working outfit, Dean was lovely, a sad omega painted against the brilliant jewel tones of the exquisite garden. It still baffled the old alpha general that no one wanted his son and that the town's matchmaker had rejected him so soundly.
Dean stumbled into the main room of the bunker, holding one hand to his pounding head as he used the other to make sure that he didn't fall into anything. The only thing he could focus on was his intense desire for coffee and medicine, cursing his overindulgence in liquor the night before even as he knew that he would do it again. He noticed a dark shape leaning over a lit laptop as he passed the main room, but he didn't have the brain capacity to process that piece of information yet, so his mind filed it away for later.
Balthazar whined happily and leaned against Crowley's side, finally tucking his wings away as his tail began to wag.
, and I don't think I really did anything. The rule about scruffing an omega . . . I'm sure everyone already knows that."
"Wow," Crowley breathed, completely floored. He had not expected this in the least. He reached out and ran his fingers over the beaded diamond pattern on the headband, colored in red, black, yellow, green, orange, and sky blue. The choker was wider, but the pattern and colors were the same, and the longer necklaces included the same beads and incorporated small white shells. "These are beautiful. You made them?"
Cas pulled partially away and glared at the Wilderness alpha. "Our wings have to remain a secret, Dean, you know that. We can't just go flying around where Asa's entire pack can see us! Are you insane?"
"Of course." Sam chewed on his bottom lip for a minute, not sure how to ask his question but determined to try. "Gabe . . . what should I do for my rut? It's been three years since my first rut, so my next one is coming soon. After what happened to Dean, I promised myself that I wouldn't give my dad the satisfaction of grandpups, so I have to be careful, like you." When alphas were young, their ruts tended to be spread apart, and they often went years without one, but at Gabe's age they came every six months almost like clockwork.
"Here, covering the stairs of your dais, leaving just a walkway where you can descend to the binding circle. What color scheme would you prefer?"
Gabriel waved his hand dismissively at the food, looking up as Sam caught his hand in his own. "I don't believe you. It's only been a few weeks since your hectic escape through the mountains, and you haven't had enough to eat any day since then. How are you ever going to get better?"
"Be careful, Balthy," Cas whispered, pulling back slightly before rubbing his brother's ears affectionately. "I can't lose you, okay?"
"Demon, huh?" Cas spun around, head titled curiously. "Then maybe I should dress as an angel. Do you think your mom can manage a costume like that?"
It took three days to reach the Spellbound border, the group making it to the river quickly and following it east. Balthazar had never enjoyed running so much in his life, even as the snowfall increased and the nights grew colder. The two betas, one larger than him and one smaller, had learned very early in the first day that their white companion didn't feel the cold the same way they did, generally pretty comfortable walking around camp in just his under shorts when they stopped for a meal break. He was also an exceedingly good fisher wolf, which Tasha had only partially believed when Dean said it, though he freely admitted he was a rubbish hunter.
They stared at each other for a few long minutes, the tears that Cas had been trying to hold back leaking out, and he struggled to get a hold of his emotions. Slowly, Dean sat down on the edge of his bed, reaching out to wipe away Cas's tears, his fingers lingering on his cheek. "How long have you been writing Destiel fanfics?"
Gabriel nodded at the window opposite them, the winter sunlight streaming through the curtains. He reluctantly extricated himself from the soft embrace, walking the few steps to the bed that was currently serving as his closet, choosing a simple but warm outfit and slipping into it. Sam nodded and grabbed a jacket to throw over his own clothes, slipping into his leather boots and handing Gabe a pair of his own. "Okay, let's go outside. Do you want to go down to the lake today? Max said you should be able to walk that far without issue." Gabriel nodded, following the tall alpha out of the hospital wing.
Kevin and Balthazar retired to the main room of their suite, closing Alfie's bedroom door behind them to give him some privacy. They could smell the spike in his scent, but thankfully the door would muffle some of the noise he was bound to make.
"Yeah, that's fine. After we all eat something, since I know that Kevin and Alfie missed lunch worrying about you, we'll see about getting you to bed."
Mary arranged the pizza boxes on the large kitchen counter, stepping back as the pups surged forward. When she and John returned home with Adam and Alfie, they found the group of teens engaged in the largest Monopoly game they had ever seen. They had taken five boards and lined them up across the game room floor, each of them a different them with different property names, including the Star Trek, Lord of the Rings, National Parks, Nintendo, and World of Warcraft editions. There didn't seem to be any rules controlling how a token could move, as long as it was forward, so there were tokens on every board, a jackpot pile on every board, and apparently two bankers to handle the massive amount of cash moving between the players.
"I liked her, sure, but I didn't know until years later, after I came back from the war. I joined the Marines young, and I didn't have a chance to see her for almost two years. Mary and her friends were lined up at the airport to meet us when we came back from one of our tours, and I caught her scent two terminals away. I don't think I'd ever run that fast in my life, and we instantly scent bonded, right there in Arrivals."
"You don't play fair, Moose," Gabe grumbled, grabbing handfuls of Sam's shirt as he was carried through the halls. "However, this is kinda sexy, being carried to breakfast by a big, strong alpha male."
Golden eyes watched him from the shadows, seemingly floating free of any body but glowing with an inner light. Sam glanced up from his book and sighed, closing it with a satisfying
"Yeah, I'd like that." Cas looked over his shoulder as if he heard something, smiling softly at the sound. "I have flight practice in a few minutes. Thank you, Tasha; it means a lot to have someone who cares about me and my brothers, and not as trained breeders."
Crowley nodded sympathetically. "Yeah, alright. Didn't your brother's application mention two alpha brothers, as well?"
Michael whirled on his only sister, growling as he grabbed the collar of her shirt and jerked her forward. She snarled back and slammed her arms into his, breaking his hold before taking a step back. "I
"Cas and I had to walk to school today because we didn't have a ride and we were too late for the city buses. Cas spotted Fenrir, Narfi, and Sleipnir at the auto shop across from the gas station a few streets back and moved us to the other side of the road to avoid them. I looked over just in time to see Fenrir sniffing the air when he caught Cas's scent, then they chased us to school. We made it across this road but they got stopped by traffic, then one of them threw a rock when Cas looked back. He went down."
Sam chuckled, already warming to the smaller omega. “I’ve been told that I sew some of the neatest stitches in the pack. If Jo would be so kind as to start a fire so I can sterilize a needle, that would be great. I also need some boiling water for the thread.”
Dean reached over and grabbed Cas's shoulder, offering support through that simple action. "At some point, all alphas need to break away and form their own pack. Sometimes they don't stay alone, but that time is important for all of us."
Dean leaned back, eyes widening in shock at the thought that Cas wanted to fly with him again. He looked up as the omega rose above the tree line, giving him a glimpse deep into Wilderness lands to the west, with a hint of clouds hiding snow-capped mountains to the north. Sunlight lit up the world beneath them, the dark green of winter-weary evergreens warring with the brighter shades of new spring growth. Cas tossed his head as he completed his turn, Dean following his gaze to the low-lying clouds cloaking Spellbound lands to the east. He squeezed his legs again, pulling back slightly on Cas's ruff, silently asking the Celestial to fly a little higher.
Crowley's crimson eyes rose to meet Balthazar's blue, the alpha reaching out to rest his hand on the omega's wrist. "Not until you came here, no."
"Damn, Cas," Dean breathed, fingers threading through that messy, raven hair he loved so much. "Off, honeybee; I'm not going to last."
“It doesn’t seem to matter anymore,” Cas whispered. “Attacking Michael was a colossal mistake and that was my last plan. Even with the collar off, I am far too weak to get us out of here.”
Sam lifted his spoon and gingerly tasted the treat, surprised to find that it tasted perfectly like vanilla ice cream. At his smiling approval, Gabriel returned to the conversation at hand. “Sam, don’t hate me for saying this, but there’s only one reason Michael took our brothers. He wants to punish them for the Apocalypse debacle. He thinks that if Dean had accepted him as his vessel, he would have won and defeated Lucifer that day. If Cas hadn’t set my brother on fire and given yours five minutes to speak with you, there’s no way you could have broken free of Luci’s control long enough to drag both of them into the Cage.”
"One did. A lot. I think that the last one was too intense for him to control, however. He really likes it when I touch his wings."
"I was just kidding," Cas laughed. "Come on," he put his hand on Dean's neck and pulled him closer once again.
"...in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, until death do us part. I will love and honor you all the days of my life."
When Sam said everything that was needed, including everything about the responsibilities of marriage and the sanctity of the vows they are about to take, it came. Vows. The most important step.
"Actually... I was there when Cassiopeia was being made," Cas paused for a moment, imperceptibly blushing. "In fact, the freckles on your right cheek are creating the same shape. Maybe that's why it is my favorite constellation."
But he cherishes and appreciates most of all what Dean has within. His personality and pure soul will never stop fascinating him and bringing him comfort he was always searching for. He saved this soul from Hell and rebuilt its owner with handprint that marked Dean as his own.
It was magnificent. He drove through so many nights with Sam by his side, hunting the big bad things. But he never stopped and tried to notice the beauty that dark bears with it. He always kind of powered through it and hoped to see the light again soon. Because sometimes, he was just so afraid that the slick fingers of darkness would grab him and never let him go. Truth is, he never needed dark nights to feel that fear. The darkness was also within him, sleeping and waiting. Like in all of us.
"You're creepy, you know that?" Dean laughed and Cas joined him. For a few seconds, they just sat there, looking in each other's eyes. So in love.
So they decided that it will be best for everyone if they'll make the wedding in a big hall outside of town, rent something for the day. And it all worked out, they picked a decent estate. It actually isn't so strange, many people had their wedding in there, according to the owner. There were also a lot of benders, but that's just a detail.
"Sometimes I'm afraid I only made you up," Dean admitted, leaning into Cas' touch and closing his eyes.
Because usually, their love language was kissing each other's bloody knuckles. It was soft kisses on the forehead. Gentle touches on their bruises. Watching Dean's favorite movies again and again. Holding each other's pinkies. Sleeping in a tight embrace. Dancing in the kitchen together. Rubbing circles on their backs after some ugly nightmare.
"Sure, I am the drama queen... Just shut up and come to the car," Sam gave him a sweep. „You can come too, Cas," he called out additionally.
"But still," Dean shook his head and looked back at the sky. A minute ago, he only saw a lot of stars next to another pile of stars. Now all he could see was the one constellation Cas loves so much that he could find it in his freckles. The night sky was really beautiful before, but now it's almost glorious. Thousands upon thousands of stars and they get to sit under them, seeing them all shine like it's their last time, forming shapes. The darkness wasn't so terrifying anymore.
"Dude, what about me?" Sam said, pulling out a bow tie. And you know what was so special about this bow tie? It had a little cowboy hats on it.
Theirs did. And it was the best kind of crazy he has ever seen and felt. Which says a lot, given his job and life.
Sam (because he wouldn't let Dean drive on his wedding day) parked in front of the hall, next to some other cars. They all got out and entered the big, airy room. When Dean walked in, he almost went nuts. He never was the one to admire these kinds of things, but he had to admit that this was just flawless.
"Oh come on, guys!" Sam appeared on the stairs, interrupting their moment. „Can't you go even 10 minutes without kissing each other?"
"I'm the best, I know. Satiating your cowboy fetish," Sam patted Dean on his back and they pulled away.
Dean was just gazing into Cas' eyes. Even though the only light they had at disposal was the Moon and the stars, they seemed clear, dark blue like the ocean and rough sea.
To be exact, he doesn’t remember Dean more peaceful and cheerful than now. Happy, in fact. He always carried some enormous problem or upcoming catastrophe on his shoulders, which was sucking even the last bit of will to live out of him. It terrified Sam, every day and every moment. But he couldn’t do anything about it, because he had so many problems himself. The end of the world, hunting monsters, you name it. But even if there wasn’t any of this… What could he possibly do? It’s not like he could somehow help Dean find something that at least remotely resembles happiness.
„Oh shut up!" Dean shouted, but shortly letting his lips lift into a contagious smile, knowing well that his brother is joking just to hide his tears. Alright, maybe not. Maybe it's Dean who's doing that. But that's not important right now.
"We should probably call Sam to tow us already," Cas whispered with a smile on his lips. He was still dangerously close to Dean's.
Claire made them a powerpoint presentation. She compiled every picture she (or anybody) took of Dean and Cas, looking absolutely love sick and Dean literally sobs. Cas gently caresses him on his cheek. They stare at the close up pictures of their faces and they make fun of each other, knowing damn well they are both head over heels in love. Therefore, totally fucked.
"That's easy. It's this," Dean lifted the corners of his mouth to a slight smile and leaned to Cas for the second time today. He grabbed Castiel's cheek gently, holding him close. Their lips connected once again and it was as magical as always.
“Hello, Dean,“ Cas said when he appeared behind Dean. Dean turned to him and gave him a little nod with a smirk on his lips.
"Oh God, I can't wait for our bed," Dean exhaled. He put his forearm in front of his mouth, stifling a yawn.
Of course he never really said it or showed it, but he didn't even have to. They didn't need words to understand one another. Castiel just knew. And Dean knew too. They never had to say it out loud or thank for it. For anything.
"Damn straight I did! You really thought I would let you get married in one of your cheap fake FBI suits? Nah ah! Give me a little credit."
blissful. Dean looked at the Impala's back window. There was written 'just married' on it, and in that moment, he didn't even care that his Baby is painted with this white something. He was proud. He was in love.
"Oh my god, Dean! Not again," Sam rolled his eyes and threw up his hands incredulously. How many more times, Dean? How many?
Dean thought he's like the dark. When you first look at it, you see nothing good. You might think it's tainted, because you see nothing at all. You might be afraid, because it's mysterious - people are afraid of the unknown, after all. The dark is difficult to love or even to embrace. But when you truly look, you see it all. The stars, the Moon, the secrets. And it will tell you all, if you just stay and listen.
of it. He was proof to Cas of what people are capable of – a representative of the good part of the human population that deserves salvation. Dean showed him how much pain they can endure and still get up every morning and do the right thing, even though it tears them apart. How many times they are brought to their knees, but still can fight for their loved ones. They are terribly broken, but in their own way perfect.
And it was also knowing each other so well that they didn't have to talk. The voice of their eyes was deeper than the ocean and more powerful than silence.
They are just doing their best. They love, they hurt, they fail, they dance, they create, they sing and they write songs and poems and stories..." Cas paused for a moment. "Stories are light, and that is precious in a world so dark. In the end, we'll all become just stories."
"You may now kiss, as husband and husband," Sam smiled widely, looking at Cas and then at Dean, who was wiping away his tears. He was lucky he wasn't wearing a mascara, I tell you that.
And Dean resolutely said he's the groom, not the bride. It started as a joke, but then it became a serious conversation.
Then, he visited one precious memory of his. One unforgettable hunt. It was the day Cas proposed to him. His birthday. That son of a bitch actually proposed to him on his birthday. So romantic and he
"I'm sorry," Cas chuckled, too. "I just want you to understand how much you mean to me. You often don't realize your worth and it's quite frankly driving me
And Cas gazed into the green eyes, too. They could set forests and the sky on fire, but the only one burning was him. He inspected the little wrinkles around them and the stories Dean's eyes could tell. All the stories Dean saw and is a part of. All the stories Cas in his millions of years saw and didn't appreciate enough, because he was young and foolish.
"Hey, buddy," Dean smiled. Still calling him buddy, even though they are getting married today. Something only Dean can pull off.
“Yep,“ he approved Sam’s proposal and watched his brother walking away, deeper to bunker‘s interiors.
"Oh, Sammy. I know," he chuckled proudly, spreading out his arms and letting Sam wrap him up in his.
His visage for starters - Dean’s features, now so calm and defenseless but at the same time striking and transparent as an open book. One could read all those war years, lines of pain and loss, but also wrinkles of laughter in the corners of his eyes. They only show properly in those moments when Dean laughs over some joke of his, long before he could actually say it out loud.
"Yeah, I know that one! Damn it, I should've known that. You're smarter than me. Again," Dean playfully rolled his eyes.
At first, Cas was kind of surprised. But then he smiled, because there is nothing he would rather do than to watch the stars with Dean. "Yes, I'd like that."
There were massive chandeliers on the ceiling, two lanes of wooden chairs in front of him, waiting for guests to sit down, aisle inbetween and an altar at the end. Okay, technically it wasn't an altar, more like a gate from flowers. Dean had no idea what people call it.
Cas recited the same words, looking into Dean's green eyes without any interruption. They were starting to well up with tears and Cas was doing his best not to start crying, too.
Cas smiled and shook his head. „Fine. You were smiling and I know all your smiles. This was the 'I can't believe this' smile, so you were thinking about this. Us."
He wasn't really sure if he actually grabbed it, but when he pulled (that was still a little weird, grasping practically nothing but air), Cas hummed discontentedly and slowly opened his eyes. His blue, dark like an ocean, eyes.
"I think there is always someone to tell a good story," Cas smiled again. And suddenly he knew what he needed to do to finish this chapter of their story. Something they've never done before.
Or those full lips he kissed so many times, but he still can’t get enough. Every time it feels like a first time and Cas would never believe it could be true.
"Finally. You know you got a wedding in a few hours, right?" Sam smiled as Dean walked into the main room of the bunker. Cas was getting ready with Claire and Charlie at Charlie's and Dean was with Sam and Jody. The rest was in the place where the wedding was happening, getting all the things ready for the big event.
But not Cas. Castiel was different. Angel in every way, celestial being. Dean knew that he feels towards him more than he should, but he didn’t really sweat it. It wouldn’t bring anyone anything good. Cas is an angel of the Lord. How could he feel something to a human? To a human like Dean Winchester? It didn’t make any sense to him. But after all they went through, he fell in love with Cas. Not that it was his choice, but it happened. He felt ashamed, strangely vulnerable.
Dean woke up first, trying to get hold of reality again. He rubbed his eyes, rolling over to Cas. When he looked at his sleeping face, he realized that something light, almost imperceptible, was lying on him. This wasn't the first time and he soon realized those were Cas' wings. He smiled, stretched his arm to the air and grabbed one of the invisible feathers.
was here. Claire was walking beside him, in a white suit with a black tie. But his eyes fell on Cas. At first, he just only noticed how gorgeous that angel is. And then he noticed the other thing. Cas was wearing a regular wedding dress. God help him, he
They were calmly lying together in one bed and they were accepting the warmth of one another. Castiel had his wings spreaded out and even though nobody could see it, he clasped Dean in them and was protecting him like his dearest treasure. He was also protecting Dean from nightmares creeping into his head and disturbing his sleep. He was protecting him from all the evil that could be waiting in the shadows.
"I mean, I don't know... Sometimes I'm just not good with the whole talking thing. Expressing my... emotions thing, you know," Dean lowered his eyes.
Dean smiled back. "Okay. Come on," he nodded towards the hood of the car, intertwining his fingers with Cas'. They made a few steps to the car and sat on the black hood of the Impala. They were still holding hands and it was as intimate as ever.
Dean smacked him on the back for the last time and dragged himself away, blinking quickly to blink the water in his eyes away.
"The W? Do you see the W? W as in Winchester?" Cas tried again. He looked at Dean out of the corner of his eye, only because their faces were still pressing against each other. Dean stared at the sky for a solid minute before his eyes lit up.
Jo caught the aroma of incredibly aroused alpha first, the spicy cinnamon-apple almost drowning out the increased sweetness in Cas's normal honeysuckle-clover scent. She looked up sharply, catching Sam's eye as the larger alpha recognized the danger a moment later.
"Well, yeah, pretty much. When I took over this pack, I tried to reach out to Michael and make some sort of truce, but he rebuffed me. He told me that he would never allow a winged Celestial to live because of some prophecy that my mother had given to Metatron. He said that he would never allow his pack to be destroyed by messengers."
Her words were pretty specific, and Dean rolled them around in his mind before answering. "He thinks he will lose that feeling? Not lose me?"
All eyes turned to the unassuming man, surprised that he had bothered to speak up at all. He only attended council meetings out of a sense of duty, but he really had never cared about pack politics, and had only politely accepted the offer of two of Michael's omega brothers for his sons as a courtesy.
Crowley nodded, tilting his head as Balthazar spoke again. Linda couldn't hear the Celestial, but Kevin's yipped response came through loud and clear.
Sam pointed at the large pot on the stove as he leaned over the oven and pulled a tray out. "I made a hearty vegetable soup and some sourdough bread to eat with it."
for the past two hours, but he was almost past the point where his self-control would be enough. Balthazar had tried to get him to leave a couple of times, but the young omega had wanted to be present when his brother woke up. Omegas in heat, whether they were breeding or not, needed to mate once or twice a day to satisfy their wolves, and Alfie was way overdue.
Sam cleared his throat and glanced around the group. "Dean and Cas are not allowed to be on opposite teams anymore. Also, they need to sit this round out so the rest of us can get some practice in."
Behind them, as Balthazar's mental cry faded to nothing, Crowley raised his head to the heavens and howled, his entire city hearing his anguish. Balthazar, running too fast to catch his breath for a reply, just sobbed.
Dean turned toward Cas and narrowed his eyes, giving the angel one of his most disbelieving looks. “You thought I would just let him kidnap you? Cas, we’re family and I am not letting Michael hurt you.”
Gabriel nodded, Sam moving to his left side and slipping his arm around the blonde's waist. Gabriel slung his arm over Sam's shoulder, twining his fingers with Sam's free hand and squeezing gently to announce that he was ready. Max took his position on Gabriel's uninjured side, both of them helping the shorter blonde off of the bed.
Dean followed Cas into his room, helping the omega out of his frilly pink dress and hanging it up in the closet. He watched the younger teen slip into his fuzzy sleep pants and shirt, reaching out to run his fingers through Cas's raven hair. "I don't know. I just . . . something about seeing you in that dress makes me feel . . . protective? The thought of letting you out of my sight terrifies me. I don't know why."
"Not bad," Gabe replied, his face buried in the crook of Sam's neck. "Something is bothering Cas, though, so we need to see Tasha."
Sam helped her settle Gabriel on the ground, unwinding his blanket and stripping him out of the two layers of clothes to reach his bandages. The green tint of the poison had reached halfway up his chest, tainted veins clawing for his heart. Sam let himself take a deep breath, appreciating Tasha’s gentle unflappability as he tried to decide the most concise way to explain Gabriel’s situation. “It’s a Spellbound poison, one of Asmodeus’s. There was no sign of infection until late yesterday morning, when I started to scent a slight rotten apple overtone, which got stronger as the day passed.”
The witch nodded as she continued her story. "Each pack was formed by a certain subset of the original tribe, so the power that Spellbounds have never shows up in other packs, just as that wild, untamed strength never shows up anywhere except Wilderness lands. The differences between our three peoples was the catalyst for the civil war."
He could catch up, of course; he had run this course, or one like it, multiple times a year over the past decade. Still, it wasn't too bad of a view, watching that boy run away. Castiel almost fell as his thoughts zeroed in on Steve's backside, his traitorous subconscious commenting that any omega would be proud to have an ass that nice.
"I need you, too," the hunter whispered, reaching up to cup Cas's cheek in his hand, repeating the words that had broken the angel free of Naomi's control so long ago. Cas's heart soared at the words, at the closest Dean would probably ever come to a confession of love, but it was enough. He understood the hunter, and it was enough. Dean leaned forward first, Cas meeting him halfway in a kiss he had waited the better part of a decade for, one that was as warm and forceful as he had expected, but somehow gentler and more possessive, as well. He had never written any of the sex scenes in Sam's fics, preferring to keep his fantasies to himself, but this was more than he had ever hoped for.
Damian chuckled and twirled a lock of his hair around one finger. "I usually tie it back, but it seems irrelevant when I spend half my time rutting into a pillow while in heat. Glenn constantly tells me how impractical long hair is, but I know that he secretly loves it."
Sam glanced sharply at Cas, as if expecting that the young omega was in the dark about Dean's recent ailment, but he just kept eating quietly. "I'm pretty sure they don't, Dean."
Sam straightened in his seat, a nacho chip halfway to his mouth as his hazel eyes focused on his older brother.  Something had changed, shifted within the older hunter, and Sam had this near-premonition sensation as his brother took the stage.  He felt a sudden urge to warn Cas about this nebulous feeling, but the raven-haired angel was already watching the hunter with an almost rapturous expression on his face.  Dean raised the mic to his lips as the first chords of the song rang out from the speakers, and Sam almost died of shock right then and there.
Cas reached up and ran his fingers across the scars, eyes tightened in pain. "I wish you had let Tasha heal these. I'm so sorry, Dean."
"Hi, Dean," Hannah greeted, smiling warmly as Daphne nodded her own greeting. "We have a male beta here, but he won't be spending time with us today. Hester got bitchy at him the last time Cas had a rut and we haven't seen him much since."
The omega growled and dropped his head into his arms, clearly trying to ignore the alpha until he went away. Crowley sighed and glanced over his shoulder, trying to decide if Kevin or Alfie might be a better option, but he was worried that Balthazar was too far gone to hear even them.
Gabriel reappeared behind Sam’s chair with a flutter of wings, smiling as he placed a hand on the hunter’s shoulder, speaking in answer to Crowley’s final words. Clearly the Trickster had been listening in and waiting for an opportune moment to make his appearance. “I was finally able to get a head count on missing angels. Apparently some of the angels I was speaking with did not like Ishim, but I tried a few other disguises and some of them worked out pretty well. Including the two angels from that garrison that were patrolling in southwest Nebraska, thirty total angels who were recently obedient are refusing to communicate with the Host. The leaders don’t want to risk a repeat of Castiel’s rebellion, which caused the death of many thousands of angels, so they are keeping it a secret.”
"Sure, Dean." Cas headed off into the crowd, still a little surprised that they moved aside for him, but everyone in the Pack knew he was Dean's trainee by now, so it was something he would have to get used to.
“Sam, you can’t let him out. You’re the only vessel strong enough to hold him, and that road leads to another Apocalypse. You have to know that.”
"Imperials can't be conscripted," Balthazar continued, nodding toward his sister Anna. "Dear old Dad, however, requires military service from all of his alpha and beta children. Michael and Lucifer only served a short while, mostly focused on the politics, but Castiel was always a fine soldier and plans to take Zachariah's place as General of the Imperial Army someday. Anna and I thought it wouldn't be so bad to serve under him."
The witches cooed at the pair as Dean leaned forward and rested his forehead on the omega's, pulling him into his arms. "That is the most adorable thing I have ever seen," Rowena purred.
Charlie glanced up at Meg, tilting her head and narrowing her eyes, nodding toward the blue-eyed omega and frowning slightly. Meg shrugged and nodded, clearly surrendering to the young omega's request, the redhead smiling as she turned back to Balthazar. "I'll call her. Rowena is unlikely to run through the night, but she will be here as quickly as she can. Tasha, she has an alpha with her who will insist on following."
"Yeah, the ladies love me. They spend most of their time being harassed by knotheaded alphas, so a gentle beta like me is a breath of fresh air."
Dean sensed the tactic instantly, rolling to the left to escape his brother as he dashed to Benny's side and pulled the beta to his feet. The two of them faced the taller alpha and two omegas, not a sound passing between any of the wolves as they split again. Benny faced Sam, pulling him away from the other three, as Dean took on the two omegas.
"I'm sorry about what happened at the Matchmaker's." Clearly the blonde alpha had come on a mission, so Dean leaned his broom up against the house and brushed his shirt off.
Dean was on Cas's heels as the pair escaped the building, both of them turning toward the picnic tables as Crowley cursed at them and jumped out of the way, Balthazar catching him as he watched his brother run past. Cas reached the table Dean normally used, turning to avoid it as Dean leaped up on top of it. The alpha jumped for the ground and crashed into the omega, the pair of them rolling over a couple of times in the grass before coming to a stop.
"What the hell, Winchester?" Crowley waved a hand at the lanky beta, his scent darkening. "You can't just wave your hand and grant Auxiliary membership like that."
"Sometimes I think he forgets that we're older now," Gabriel added, taking the second can of soda and chugging it. They never got soda at home; it would have been a waste of money when the water came out of the tap at a much more reasonable price. "He'll get us that box from Taco Bell, the one with twelve tacos and burritos in it, and it's not really enough for all of us anymore. He takes two, our oldest brothers take three each, and the little ones both take two."
Dean blushed and blew gently on his tea to cool it. "I've never . . . done that before. Garth said that it was inappropriate for an omega to pleasure himself before his mate had a chance to."
The smaller man had clearly not anticipated that question, perching on the edge of the nearest chair as he considered the best way to answer. “Generally speaking, the more powerful an angel is and the higher his rank in the Host, the larger his size. When Castiel was just a captain of a garrison, he was larger than your Chrysler building. As a seraph he is approximately three times that size and he has six wings instead of two. He’s actually the largest seraph I have ever seen. Archangels are five times the size of the largest seraphs, and we also have six wings, though in our vessels we usually only manifest two.”
"Sure, Mom." Dean glanced in the door and the thick slices of garlic bread baking there, seeing that the edges were still too light. "A little bit longer. Spaghetti tonight?"
The beta, who still had not been introduced, rose from the table in a single, fluid motion, her every movement almost too graceful for words. For a brief, confusing moment, Cas wondered if she could teach him to move like that, but then it was gone. He doubted he could ever be so light and graceful on his feet, especially not once he grew into this broad, six-foot frame he had most certainly not inherited from his father. "Gabe, I'll call the Council."
"Gabe!" The blonde looked up as Sam dashed down the hall, jumping into the alpha's arms before he even came to a stop. "How was your mission?"
Balthazar turned in Crowley's half-embrace, raising one hand to run his fingers through the alpha's dark beard. "What if I want to be responsible for peace in your kingdom and keeping you on that throne? I'm kind of partial to you being in charge here."
"You saw?" Gadreel tilted his head, golden eyes flicking to his brothers before returning to Rowena. "Are you the prophet that Metatron quoted?"
Crowley held Balthazar against his chest, panting as his wolf finally retreated, sated at last after a long, long day of being teased and ignored. "Dammit," he whispered.
Cas leaned up against Dean's chest, taking in the alpha's scent as he felt hands running through his hair. "As long as you don't use it anymore. I've been on edge all day."
"Balthazar." Crowley disentangled his arm from Maggie's, patting her hand as he ascended the two steps to his throne and nodded at the alpha seated in the floor-level pseudo-throne. Abaddon bowed her head to her alpha, her long, gently curled red hair flowing across her shoulders and down her back as she bent her head to glance at the list of the day's petitioners. As the daughter of a witch, she had the signature red eyes, but her shade was more of a bright cranberry instead of the dark crimson that Crowley sported or the lighter ruby of his mother's primary guard.
"Just talk to Him, okay? I can't say I completely forgive Him for leaving, but I think we can both be strong enough to have a conversation. Besides, we're going to need help with Michael if we want to do anything other than throw him back in the Cage."
Dean had never seen any of the Celestials before, but he had fought all three of the Spellbounds in the past with his father. Lilith was second-in-command of a splinter pack that lived along the disputed western border of her lands, following Cain and running with his four children. Dagon, the red-and-black patterned female, was a wily beta who rarely went anywhere alone, though she and her white beta brother Asmodeus tended to run with Lilith more than their father and older alpha brothers. Dean reached Dagon just as the Celestial male crunched down on her leg and threw her away, using her strength and size against her. Dagon howled in fury, the noise changing to a grunt of surprise as Dean sunk his teeth into her tail and jerked her back.
"What about wind?" Gabriel grumbled something else as Sam jerked away at his voice and elbowed the omega in the side. The tallest alpha was frequently ungainly, unable to control his long limbs, and it was especially bad when he was half-asleep. Dean did not envy the blonde omega who would have to wake up to that clumsiness every morning.
“Rest now, my angel.” Dean helped Cas cuddle deeper into his arms, leaning up against the bars so he wouldn’t fall over. He never really cuddled with women, passing through them too quickly to need to spend any time nurturing their emotions. He had even been distant with Lisa, no matter how hard he tried to give her the love and companionship she craved.
"And he had near-legacy strength," Mshindi added. "We gave him the title Great Chief, to be counted above all others. This halo is his crown, the golden circlet that the northern packs and tribes granted him when he united the lands. When he lost his kingdom and retreated to the mountains, he sent one last message to my ancestor."
Charlie pulled Jo to the door, pausing as Rowena called her name. "I see that you found your legacy. I wondered how long it would take you two."
"Do you ever get the feeling that some of the problems we have here with knotheaded alphas stems from the lack of a clear administrative stance on harassment and bullying? Maybe Metatron is the author of our problems."
"Don't remind me. Mother has been an absolute wreck since I cancelled my last betrothal. That girl from Egypt was her idea, not mine, and I found her scent revolting."
"No," Mshindi interrupted, though not unkindly. "I can see that your customs are different from ours, but none of you are trapped here. I can teach you how to walk freely during your heats. I can also teach your alphas how to let you."
*Sex with an alpha or omega during their presentation (first heat or rut) is prohibited by law in all states
Dean's eyes widened as he swallowed nervously, forcing himself to stand tall as the Captain approached him. Kevin had ducked down into his arm, his breath warm on the omega's neck as they both prayed that he wasn't about to get kicked out of the army for accidentally starting a fight. Castiel's eyes, now an icy gray-blue with the slightest tinge of red around the outside, locked on the omega, his chin tilted just enough that he could look down his nose at the man. That wasn't fair, really, Dean mused, because he was sure that he had a couple of inches on the guy. "I don't need anyone causing trouble in my camp," the captain growled.
Gabriel shrugged, reaching down to run his fingers over the skin he had not been able to see or touch for weeks. The wound on his shoulder had healed faster, though he would always have that crooked circle of scars, but he couldn't see that easily. Because of the length and position of his wounds, he had not been able to wear any underwear, just loose pants over his bandages, and he suddenly felt self-conscious about his nudity.
"They're beautiful," Maggie whispered, stepping forward and running gentle fingers over the short, silky fur. "It's been over two hundred years since I last saw a messenger, and his wings were not nearly as lovely as yours. You're significantly bigger, too, which will give you an advantage in long-distance flying and passenger transport."
"Yeah, well, they deserve to know what they are getting into. Hannah Johnson will be taking on Rachel Terin as an adoptee, and Kaia Nieves will be taking on Tamiel MacLean." Cas watched the two women, both Freshman and therefore too young to have had their first ruts, join Crowley and his faction. It was the largest faction and also the most female, with the exception of the new members and Crowley himself. Cas sniffed gently, blue eyes widening as he realized that Crowley was an omega, not an alpha as he first thought.
"Balthazar said it was because you were warm and it relaxed me. I think that all of this change recently has confused my hormones and I just reacted, not realizing that you're an alpha, too."
Gabriel waited until they stepped out of the kitchen before teleporting the pair of them to Sam's bedroom. He stopped dead at the sight of the caique in his cage, the bird watching the intruder with one red eye but otherwise quiescent. "When did you get a pet, kiddo?"
"Which is why I had to get in Alastair's face," Dean added, returning with two cups of punch. "Gad's the one who told me about Lures in the first place." Dean glanced over his shoulder, finally spotting his brother in the crowd, and he waved at him. "Cas; Sam and Gabe are over by the tables. Go snag us a seat, will ya? I'll be over in a minute."
Cas nodded and slipped out of bed, smiling shyly at Mary before heading for the bathroom door in the corner. Two of the bedrooms in the alpha wing had been modified when John was a pup to have private bathrooms, though none of the omega bedrooms had been altered in the same way. Mary had considered it for years, but until Gadreel and Dean's Pack mates started visiting frequently it didn't seem necessary.
"I'd like to be aimed at Asmodeus," Gabriel growled, his fists clenched in his lap. "I'd like to be strong enough to pay him back for what he did to me."
The waitress was already skeptical about their copious alcohol intake, but none of the men were acting drunk yet or slurring their words.  “You’ve already had quite an impressive amount of drinks.  Are you sure you can handle more?”
Gabriel tilted his head and rested his hand on Cas’s shoulder, pushing slightly to get his brother’s attention. “Cassie, what made you change forms with the brothers? I never got a chance to ask you earlier, but I think we all want to know.”
"That is enough." The careful, measured words cut through Cas's anger and buried anything else he might have said to the scribe. They both looked up as Chuck himself emerged from the fading smoke, his imperial hat missing but every other fold of clothing and strand of hair in perfect position. He waved his arms out to silence his son and servant, descending the stairs as he folded his hands and joined the small group of soldiers in silence. Metatron scurried off to the side, always eager to hide in the Emperor's shadow, but none of the soldiers moved even if none would meet his eyes.
"You know, you're pretty good at it. The girls are harder to read, though Meg, Hannah, Hester, and Daphne tell me that I give them a great deal of pleasure. Inias enjoys himself, but male betas can't have multiple orgasms like omegas can, and I have always secretly wanted to partner with one. I hate my mother's methods, but you are honestly the best gift she ever gave me. I'm never giving you up, my dearest boy."
Sam, his eyes flashing alpha red, jerked back from his brother's grasp, growling as Metatron sneered from the top of his horse. "Silence, omega!" The scribe turned to face John, sneering at the big alpha. "You would do well to teach your
"I know," Balthazar sighed, pushing himself into a sitting position. "Let's eat so we can meet them on time."
"Well I can't eat anything during my rut so I'm still hungry," Dean interjected, having already finished off his first omelet. "Benny, do you have any more of these exquisite omelets laying around in the kitchen?"
"My sire lived in the City for a long time, true, but he and my dam are from the lower towns. If I have ever been there, I don't remember it."
Rowena appeared beside the stone cairn just before noon the next day, her alpha companion just behind her. Rowena's wolf form wasn't much larger than Charlie's, though her fur was a deep, rich red with bright copper undertones and her eyes were purple, the color much more intense than Tasha's or Max's shade. Her alpha companion was almost twice her size, smaller than Sam or Dean but larger than Jo. Ruby was colored in black and tan, a pattern that certainly helped her blend in with the trees and scrublands of her native hunting grounds, her namesake red eyes glowing in sharp contrast to her coat. When she shifted forms, she wasn't much taller than Meg, and her straight hair was a similar dark brown color. Moreso than the young beta, she held herself as a woman used to command.
Anna smiled and held out her hand to pat Khan on his neck. "You have a beautiful horse, though he looks a bit too young to have served in the last war."
Mshindi nodded, clearly expecting the observation at some point. "Yes. We commissioned one for each of you, and one for each of your brothers. They were created for each male messenger born this generation."
Both of those Celestial alphas had bad reputations among the other packs for ruthlessness and cruelty, and those titles were well-earned. Their aging pack leader, Zachariah, was no better, and the young omega would have suffered greatly among them.
“What if . . .” Sam trailed off, a look of pain darkening his features before he gained control of his emotions. “What if Lucifer helped you?”
Linda's eyes widened at the words, remembering back to her omega friend who had taken her own life after Asmodeus's cruelty took her mind. Her eyes softened as she finally realized
Kevin smiled and held out an arm, pulling his brother to his side as he finished his lunch. "I've never seen you resist the urge for so long. Feeling better?"
John stepped forward and wrapped one arm around each of his sons, sighing as Sam dropped his head on his shoulder. "We'll get him back, Sam. Somehow."
Donald nodded, pulling a tightly rolled scroll out of his bag and passing it across the table. Crowley unrolled it and glanced through the wording, noting Maggie's flowery, neat handwriting and the different colors of ink used for each participant. "Seriously, where did you find this many ink colors in the middle of winter?"
Cas looked at Dean, confusion in his crystal blue eyes, relaxing as the hunter slowly nodded. He had no more idea what was going on than his angel did, but the Chuck he knew was a good man and if he said it was a reward than it was. He couldn't imagine that God would intentionally hurt his "most obedient son".
"A bit. Ever since I presented, I've spent most of my time indoors, reading or learning skills that would be considered appropriate for an omega. Being in the market is not on that list."
"The first heat smells the sweetest, and Jordan's natural scent is pretty flowery to begin with. I can't wait to see what kind of mate he attracts someday." Damian sighed and pushed himself to his feet, his scent spiking at the movement. "If you'll excuse me, I need to take care of this."
Cas got two more refills before he decided he'd had enough of the punch and switched to water. By that time, he was feeling the sugar in his punch and was much less shy, gladly joining Dean on the impromptu dance floor when Benny and Gadreel invited them. Cas danced with Dean with a lot more energy than the alpha had expected from his introverted boyfriend, finally collapsing on the grass just outside of the lights illuminating the gyrating mass of dancers. Dean, a twinge of concern twisting his gut, joined the omega, brushing his damp hair away from his forehead. "Are you okay?"
"You want me to climb on your back?" Cas nodded, waiting patiently until Dean walked over, the alpha carefully climbing onto Cas's back. "You picked me because I weigh the least?"
Michael pulled the door of the cell off its hinges, indicating that Dean should follow him into the main room of the abandoned police station. The hunter could still clearly remember the light show when Lucifer took Sam, and he knew that they would need the space. A light flickered on overhead and Michael turned to Dean, one eyebrow raised expectantly. "Well?"
Dean frowned and nodded. "Yeah, that's the last one he released originally, right?" He paused with his coffee cup halfway to his mouth. "Sam, what does this have to do with those fanfics you mentioned?"
"I overheard Metatron talking to the captain. The recruit training program lasts three weeks, and then you can go join the army and do drills with them until your unit is needed at the front."
"A suitable mate," John clarified. "One who will be happy with a big, strong, outspoken male omega to be his equal. I think you'll find that people in the Imperial City aren't as insistent on what Crowley would term 'omega norms' as we are here."
Adam brightened at that, clearly happy that his young companion had expressed even a slight amount of interest in a subject he loved dearly. "It is! Do you know much about baseball?"
Dean huffed something under his breath as he grabbed four bowls out of the cabinet, lining them up for Sam to fill. "It had better be as good as you say." Sam rolled his eyes as he doled out the food, pointedly giving Dean an extra piece of bread. "Are you going to tell me why Gabe is so grumpy looking in the front room? I thought it was the food, but this looks like something he would like."
Sam and Gabe elicited a completely different response. Sam hadn't actually dated before, though he had spent time with a number of female omegas and betas, so for him to be actively dating a male omega, especially one older than him, was quite a shock to the single student body. Gabe was his usual exuberant self, though he noticed a distinct downturn in the number of alphas who were stupid enough to harass him between classes. Just the hint of Sam's sandalwood scent on his clothes pushed them away, and a well-placed growl from the alpha himself scared off the rest. One or two of them were dumb enough to test the strength of their new relationship, but they quickly learned the lesson that Sam had taught Fenrir, Narfi, and Slepnair.
"I'm used to stubborn pups. Go on to the table." Mary headed for Alfie's room next, nodding at Charlie and Meg as the girls passed her in the hall on the way to breakfast. Anna's younger brother was harder to rouse, even going so far as to growl weakly from his cocoon of heavy blankets. Mary just pulled him free and lifted him into her arms, smiling as the twelve-year-old cuddled against her neck and closed his eyes. She wouldn't be able to carry him long, but the boy hadn't hit his growth spurt yet and he was still manageable.
“That you’ll do what?” Michael interrupted, his mocking tone reminding Dean of the Leviathans speaking through Cas when they were possessing him. “Bleed on me to death? Dean, I’m just getting started, and you’re next. I was going to beat you to a bloody pulp in front of your little angel, but now I see that torturing him will hurt both of you more than I could imagine.”
Balthazar, sensing the younger soldier's discomfort, leaned against one of the support posts and offered an open, non-threatening posture. He hadn't taken much time to dress, either, but his pants and cloak were heavier than the ones Dean was using. "You ran out of there pretty quickly this morning. Claire's pretty worried."
"Yeah, Monday for sure. Tomorrow is less certain, but this rut is already slowing somewhat. Honestly, the fact that I can hold a conversation with you is proof of that. And Wednesday I'm bringing you lunch and some cake for your birthday."
"Depends on how much you want pups," Benny returned, glancing down significantly. Sam's eyes widened as he registered the blade resting on his groin in a position that would be inches from castrating him if it was forged from metal instead of carved from an oak branch.
“I don’t know,” Sam whispered, not even shocked at his brother’s question. He had thought about that earlier, when he saw the state the twins were in. “Gabriel told me that they are all just coming out of a heat, and I have never known an omega to hunt while going through one. If they lost their supplies in the mountains, as Gadreel said, then it must have been days.”
to be concerned about your future." He nuzzled Cas's neck and nipped at the spot he would one day bite, watching as the raven-haired man shivered in his arms. "That's better. Relax, love. Let me help you worry, okay?"
Crowley chuckled and rose to meet the omega, taking his arm and leading him out to his private garden. "You said that Kevin and Alfie are going to be working with you on ranged weapons this afternoon, so I thought we could get you some long-distance flying practice this morning."
"Yeah, probably just after the new year. He went to Aunt Amara's last time, but she's going to be in Vegas for a while so that might not be an option anymore."
Dean sensed his father's presence almost immediately, looking up from his silent reflections and wiping the tears from his eyes. Dean's eyes were the bright, clear green color of imperial jade, a sharp contrast to the blues and hazels seen in the rest of his family. When the boy was born, John was already a decorated hero of the army, so the Emperor had gifted him a beautiful set of jade jewelry that John kept locked safely away in the omega's dowry box. He would wear the jewels on his mating day, and John was determined that his oldest son would have one.
The Head Alpha smiled and reached out to cup Balthazar's cheek in his hand. "Alright, you can do it, but with one condition. I want you to have a communications tattoo so you can reach out to me if you have any problems."
Cas glanced at his boyfriend, sitting casually beside him in his own chair with his own fishing rod, but he could see the tension in the teen's posture. "Did you get me a gift?"
Dean tore his eyes away from the celestial showdown, heading back to the cells and the angel lying all alone on the mattress. Claire gasped in shock behind him, but Jody held her back, knowing that she couldn't help. Dean sat back down beside Cas, pulling the angel into his lap, resting sideways in his arms as he wrapped his fingers around the guardian angel mark. He wondered at the flare of understanding in Sam's eyes, but he couldn't focus on anything other than saving the seraph. Diving deep into the core of Cas's being, he saw a blue light flickering, a dying radiance floating in darkness as drops of fire fell into the void below, one at a time. Dean watched the intermittent dripping for a moment before he realized that he was seeing Cas's grace, or his mind's interpretation of it anyway, as if the bond was filtering his perception to protect him from seeing the seraph's true form and burning his eyes out.
had been, his wings twitching as he struggled to close them again. Tempest, having clearly been paying attention from his cage, released a shrill siren noise very similar to Cas's keen, repeating it three or four times before he tired of the new word. Then, as the silence stretched on between the two men, the grey bird began to show off his version of "meow."
Cas chuckled at the young man's insinuation, patting him on the shoulder warmly. Inias had no actual obligation to the prince outside of his heats, but he enjoyed flirting with the alpha when he got the chance. "Maybe next time; I'm on a schedule today." Cas looked around, counting heads and frowning slightly. "Where is Dean? I would have expected to see him in here, with you, during the day."
"Damn," Dean breathed, his arm sliding loosely around Cas's waist. "That . . . your brother is a fast worker, Cas."
Gabe placed a hand on Sam's chest and forced him back a half step, just far enough that his golden eyes could meet red-flecked green hazel. He ran his hand down Sam's arm until he reached the wrist, pulling the alpha's hand up to the back of his neck and resting it there. Sam's eyes widened as his fingers twitched uncertainly against the back of Gabe's neck, his mind flying back to the memory of Fenrir grabbing the omega in the same way.
Dean bundled Cas into his car, both of them removing their wings in order to fit. Cas's costume was a long, white under robe with a sheer golden layer on top, sparkling in the street lamps. The wide belt was a darker gold, buttoned in the back to highlight his trim figure, the color matching the sandals laced up his thighs. Mary had given the costume long, flowing sleeves with golden bows tied at the elbows, ribbons that Cas played with as the pair drove off into town. His golden tinseled halo and overly large, feathered white wings completed the ensemble.
The city on the flyer was not far away, only a few hours’ drive, and he reached the fairgrounds before noon. Thankfully, the brothers had left on the first day of the exotic animal and bird show, otherwise Castiel would have had to fabricate an excuse to be gone for the whole day.
"It's the last day I saw them," Anna correctly, olive eyes flashing at her older brother. Lucifer wisely nodded and conceded the point, unwilling to lose the fragile truce that the pair of them had built up over the years to survive Michael's tyranny and Raphael's duplicitousness.
"The pups are eating in the side yard under the watchful eyes of Adam, Christian's mate Arlene, and a handful of younger Pack members."
John bowed his head at the inevitability of the summons, glancing at Mary for only a moment before stepping forward. His blonde mate, tears in her eyes, gasped as their middle son ran forward, holding his hand out for the scroll and blocking the stockier alpha. "Dad, let me go. I'm old enough to fight."
"Tasha left a couple of hours ago, taking a couple of her betas and Balthazar to the Spellbound border," Sam began, smiling at Gabriel when he jerked in shock. "There's nothing to worry about. Tasha was originally a Spellbound wolf, from the very minor Banes family, and she still has many friends on that side of the border. They're not in any danger." Gabriel frowned, his eyebrows twitching upward in disbelief. "Gabe, we wouldn't have let your brother go if there was any risk. Despite your experience with Asmodeus, no one in the main Spellbound pack would ever harm an omega."
"He's not wrong, Dad! Have you ever seen an omega talk back like I do, growl at alphas, betas, and omegas no matter their rank, or snap his teeth at his betters? Dad, I'm a terrible omega, and I can't do anything right. I can cook, I can clean, and I can raise pups, but I'll never be proper enough for an alpha to want me. I can't even go outside without breaking a dozen rules!"
"Or any other town between here and the mountains. You should have mated me away when I was younger, when I was fifteen and still scrawny enough to look like a proper omega."
to hold his tongue in the presence of his betters. I would think you could teach him better manners, Winchester; an
"Damn right," Dean grumbled, helping Cas gather his food before leading the omega to the group of picnic tables that his pack had claimed for lunch.
"Yeah, that's what we think I am," Kevin replied. "The visions just started this morning when I went into heat."
“Dude, why?” Dean started checking the pockets, surprised that there were so many. He found a protein bar first, then a pack of peanut butter and cheese crackers, and then a small pack of skittles. In a small, hidden pocket near his left breast, he found a simple black cord attached to something heavy. Pulling it out, he realized that he was holding his amulet, the one Sam had given him as a child, one that he had thought he threw away. “Cas?”
"Really?" Kevin perked up at that, stepping forward to offer his arm to the visitor. Mshindi reached out and grasped the offered arm, wrists touching as they exchanged scents. He greeted Alfie and Balthazar the same way, all four omegas settling down on the cushions that were arranged near the window. Mshindi placed his bag on the floor and adjusted his layers of beaded jewelry, making himself comfortable as Linda slipped out to order food for the boys.
Sam sighed and stood, reaching down to help Dean to his feet. "We're going to go for a walk and talk about this."
"You would let me do that?" Cas's voice was soft, an almost breathless whisper against Dean's cheek as the omega rested his hands on the arms around his waist.
"No," the omega whined, remembering the two alphas in his Chemistry class who stood at the lab station beside him, whispering to him the entire hour. They shared the same lunch period, and if he stayed they would surely corner him and try to scent mark him.
Charlie frowned and leaned forward to nuzzle her mentor, knowing that there was something the older witch wasn't telling her. "What is it?"
"And I never wanted to be an omega," Dean replied softly. "I thought I was going to be an alpha, like Dad. But, we can't do anything about that now. All we can do is get ready for our trip to the palace."
Cas grinned as he reeled in his line, checking the bait before casting out again. "He'll be happy to hear that. My guess is that he would have asked, anyway."
Kevin snorted. "Alfie has, and Mother wants me to, but I don't really care about that. I'm more of a scholar than a pup factory for some horny alpha."
"And you won't. I can assure you of that." Crowley stiffened as he caught the scent of the two younger omegas, burying his nose in Balthazar's neck for a moment as he let the rosemary-mint aroma calm him. "Day four. I am so not prepared for this."
"Aaron Bass, Bucky Sims of Randy Bull's faction will be your mentor. Tessa Roarke, Don Stark will be your mentor; welcome to my small sliver of the Pack." Maggie smiled at the two Freshman omegas as they passed her, crossing two more names off of her list. "Asariel Wallace, I know that you didn't quite make the cut last year, but you've been chosen this year, and Inias Duncan will be your mentor. When he gets excited and his Scottish accent gets too strong, we're relying on you to translate."
"Good. How was court?" Crowley wrapped an arm around Balthazar and led him back to the throne, helping the omega settle into his customary chair before the alpha took his throne.
Dean turned to the Nephilim and glared, desperately trying to ignore the eager angel trying to get his attention.  “Jack, you’re like six months old.  How would you know what good singing sounds like?”
Then, suddenly, he wasn't remembering those eyes anymore. Dean called out his name as he rode up beside him, barreling through the crowd on a horse that trained to break through crowds of civilians just as easily as warriors. "Dean?"
"I'm not an authority on the subject, not like my mother. It's been almost a hundred years since my first rut, and I may have forgotten a few things."
"Yeah, I know. Even though I couldn't have any more pups after Jo, my mate never dared to hint at wanting a concubine. I wouldn't have blamed him, but it never came up." Ellen, who was just as headstrong and too-alpha as Mary, clenched her jaw and refused to continue that line of conversation, though her friend knew what she was thinking. William Harvelle had died in the last war, one that John, Jim, Bobby Singer, and Rufus Turner had survived. For a long time, Ellen had blamed those four men, and especially John, for her mate's death, but she eventually forgave them all. Now, there were even rumors that she was seeing Bobby, whose own mate had been dead for nearly two decades, and might be considering a trip to the Matchmaker by the end of the year for his blessing.
As soon as the crowd died down again, Maggie glanced at her list and tapped her finger on the next section. Dean leaned closer to Cas, almost touching the omega as he whispered in his ear. "Now she is making some final decisions. Maggie is really intuitive, and she has a knack for matching mentors with newcomers. Now that the family and special applicants have been handled, she has to assign all of the other approved teens. The Council finalized the list, but she will match the last half of the group with the available mentors."
Dean chuckled and ran his fingers through Cas's dark hair, glaring at the sparkling silver on his hand as he pulled it away. "You don't have to be all stoic all the time, Cas; it's okay to express these emotions. Sometimes we cry when we're happy."
Dean chuckled, kissing Cas's chest. "I only do that to keep sane. I tried all of the approved harem crafts, and I'm not bad at making nice clothes. I don't like it that much, but they won't let me stay in the kitchen and learn to cook or go to the stables. Those were my favorite things when I was younger, before I presented."
"Okay, Sam, thank you." The young omega felt something inside him shift, something warm and fuzzy at Dean's casual mention of the guest room in the Winchester mansion as
Dean shrugged. "Jo heard, she let me know. I also know that you told him to ask again when he was healed. Our pack law states that an omega has to be of sound mind and body to request a courtship. I was very proud of you when I heard that you told him that."
"The lemon pepper butter is the trick," Sam replied. "When you guys have finished this, we can grab some watermelon, cake, pie, and cookies from the other table."
"Yeah," Dean whispered, holding out one hand. Cas scurried over to his side, tucking himself under the alpha's arm and resting his cheek against his chest. "Cas, what's wrong?" He leaned closer and sniffed the omega, the slight tang of salt overriding the scent he loved so much. "Cas, sweetheart, have you been crying?"
They stared at each other for a long moment, Balthazar slowly turning his hand over so he could twine fingers with the alpha. "This is crazy."
Balthazar nodded and rested his head on Crowley's shoulder, smiling at Mshindi across the fire and he joined Linda and her sons. "What did you see up there? You said something, but I couldn't make it out."
Anna, who at thirteen was not even a year younger than the mullet-wearing computer enthusiast, drew herself up to her fairly insignificant height and growled at the teen. "It's
Kevin nodded and started to strip out of his clothes, Alfie following suit as they packed their clothes into the larger supply bag, pulling the smaller one free and tossing it at Balthazar's feet. The Celestial, who still hadn't bothered to put any clothes on after taking his short flight, just glanced into the bag to ensure that all of his things had been packed away neatly.
"Thank you," Dean whispered, wringing his hands in front of his tunic. "What do . . . how does this work? You said that you would scent me."
"None of which matters because we're concubines and we bow to his whim," April replied, that hint of something
"So I'm going to take a peek inside your mind and examine the extent of the damage. I need to see what I can rebuilt and what I need to replace. Sam, depending on what we find, we may need to use your mind to help rebuild Gabriel's. Do you give your consent for that?"
"Forgive me for missing his announcement; we only just returned from Abyssinia a week or so ago." Chuck wouldn't have gone, of course; John was a noble, but a minor one and he didn't rate a visit from the Emperor at the party celebrating his son's presentation. Still, this was all theatrics, and Chuck knew how to play a crowd.
Dean, who generally avoided having to clean his own kills, returned from his quick trip to the river with four full water skins hanging from a rope around his chest. The skins could be folded compactly into the travel sack when not in use, but they expanded quite a bit when needed. The black wolf raised his head as the alpha returned to camp, eyes examining every inch of visible skin as the very tip of his tail twitched involuntarily. Dean was well-built and imposing in both forms, a few pale scars marring his chest and arms, his vibrant green eyes watching the slender wolf as he sauntered up to the fire. His left shoulder still bore the evidence of his run-in with the young black omega, four faint gashes marring his bicep. Dean ran one hand through his dark, sandy blonde hair as he handed the water skins over, surreptitiously watching the black Celestial as the three human omegas turned to their youngest brother in shock.
Tasha opened her medical bag, quickly pulling out a bowl and multiple packets of ingredients before removing the last of the bandages and laying two fingers beside the oozing wound. Her son, who shared her magical prowess, crouched behind her and placed one hand on Tasha’s shoulder, the other hovering over Gabriel’s wound. Their purple eyes glowed in the morning light as they whispered something in an ancient language known only to powerful Spellbound witches, diagnosing the wound.
Dean pulled himself onto the roof, ignoring the gasping and cheers from the crowd below. He did hear someone call, "on the roof!" and a follow up of "look" from a second voice, but he drowned out the rest in order to concentrate on getting rid of Dick Roman for good. He made it to the wide beam at the top of the roof and turned to look at the fireworks pavilion, raising his hands to try to measure the distance. His plan was still kind of half-cocked, but if Kevin could do his part, it would work just fine.
Benny shrugged. "Now, Sam, that isn't true. Once they become predictable and you have some assistance, they tend to be easier. My last one was over in three days." Gadreel blushed from his seat beside Sam, clearly hoping that no one would connect him with the alpha's short rut. Benny caught Mary's glare from across the room, and he cleared his throat. "Of course, you want to make sure that if your partner is a female beta or an omega that they're on birth control and you have someone else nearby who can feed them. We lose our appetites during our ruts, but our partners need extra sustenance to keep up with us."
That did it. Both fireworks operators jumped out of the pavilion for the dubious safety of the roof below where they could drop into the palace courtyard and run for their lives. They had no intention of upsetting whatever angry, dark-winged spirit that had been.
