“Eat, I ordered it from a previous client of mine. He has an Italian restaurant in the city. We should go there next time.” Sherlock thought aloud.
Sherlock stopped just outside of New Scotland Yard’s department and turned around when John was no longer walking at his side. John’s eyes twinkled in the morning light as Sherlock’s brows furrowed with contemplation.
John threw the cotton ball away, set the bottle on the sink counter, washed his hands and retrieved a new cotton ball from the first aid kit on the counter. John wet the cotton ball and moved between Sherlock long legs, and raised his free hand out to his husband, a voiceless request Sherlock give him his arm.
Was it really so wrong to needingly hold to John at night? Hold him so tightly he could feel all of himself press against all of John. He nuzzled John's neck softly and with more affection than he'd ever done before, ever thought he could, and John would allow it, completely thrown and stunned by Sherlock's affections.
John hit Sherlock’s ass with a cold ball of snow when Sherlock bent to grab snow for himself. John broke out into hysterical laughter, clutching his sides, heaving heavily through his amusement. Sherlock used this to his advantaged and launched two snow balls at him, hitting John in the chest and stomach.
"I don't know what you want from me, but that... I did so out of love. I've told you before just how much I love you." John pleaded desperately, confessing what he knew Sherlock hated to acknowledge, but not knowing what else he could say to placate the omega.
“Come… to Sherrinford. Need… Need to… find Sherlock.” John wiped the sweat running down his face away, he’d never sweat this much and his skin never felt this warm, God, the suppressants had screwed him up bad.
John knew it bothered Sherlock, but he also needed someone for himself. Someone he could talk with. John had gotten closer to Victor. They'd begun to tell each other more personal things about themselves. John still hadn't told Victor about his marriage to Sherlock yet, because Sherlock hadn't yet decided on when he'd be open to having another wedding ceremony for John's sister.
The alpha above him paused, eyes widening with shock, then pure rage filled those dark brown eyes. The alpha's fangs protruded as he opened his mouth in preparation of ending him. If there was any sense of reason within the alpha, it was gone now. He was pure animal now. Sherlock knew how to blind a man enough to strip him of his sense and leave only animalistic rage, and that was what he wanted.
"I don't pity you. I love you!" Why couldn't Sherlock see that? Yes, he knew he'd done wrong. Failed Sherlock in the worst way possible, but he was trying to make things right. John hesitantly took a step closer to the distraught omega and Sherlock snapped, defensively throwing the empty tea kettle at the alpha.
John shut his eyes and bit the inside of his cheek. Withholding his words, knowing any form of admonishing would only result in Sherlock’s refusal of John’s assistance. After he finished disinfecting the wound, John retrieved an antibiotic cream and carefully massaged it over the cut, and after which point he then proceeded to wrap Sherlock’s forearm in gauze.
"He's better, but he will suffer mentally since his case was severe. I have no doubt that after he receives love and care from you, his health will improve."
“That is a good sign. John, regardless that this was an unwanted union, you have bound yourself to this alpha. There is no changing that. Don’t you think it would be less stressful if you at least tried to get to know him?” Ella observed sympathetically.
Sherlock felt his eyes flash with anger at the alpha's words. He wasn't playing his role appropriately. Releasing his hold on the alpha's cock, Sherlock shoved the man harshly off of him. Gripping to the alpha's shoulders, Sherlock shoved him down lower.
Only two hours earlier Mycroft came with a car to pick him up from his apartment. As soon as they arrived at the mansion, John was led to a room and given a fine wedding tux and shoes. He was then left to prepare himself.
Deciding he’d seen enough, Sherlock raised a hand to end the feed, but then… among the panting and grunting, came a thick needing cry of, “
That day… That specific day, John had planed everything out. He’d lied to his parents that he had rugby practice after school and learned the bus route leading to the hospital. He’d written a note and stuffed in his pocket, they’d find it with his body explaining everything.
John fell back onto the floor, pressing his back up against the counter and shook his head, trying to rid the thought, but it still came.
Sherlock was being petty, he was being vindictive, he was being an emotional mess of an omega - stuff that soap operas made fun of. Omegas were the joke of most every drama.
“No, mother.” Sherlock disagreed, leaning in close, far too close to be decent and brushed his nose against John’s, marking him further with his scent before pulling away and smiling lovingly at Mrs. Holmes.
"I've been a bigger idiot. I shouldn't have left you. This wouldn't have happened if I'd been here. God, I don't think I could take it if you had..."
John watched guardedly as Sherlock hesitantly took hold of his free hand into both of his larger hands, cradling it gently and with all the care in the world.
Betas survived the death of their mate with little pain as they could never truly bond with an alpha. Much could be said about their counterpart alphas.
Close, Sherlock was so close, John could hear it in the way Sherlock’s breathing wisped out of him, how it fluctuated and the short abrupt keening that broke through harsh pants. His pace became short, rigid and uneven.
While John waited for Harry he’d texted Mycroft, requesting the exact location of Sherlock’s flat. He’d half expected the older man to ignore his text, given the heated glares he’d been sending his way since Sherlock left Sherrinford. If he had chosen not to reply, there were still Mr. and Mrs. Holmes he could contact. However, thankfully, Mycroft sent the address with no other message but it.
Sherlock's vice-like grip gradually loosened, allowing the alpha to continue, growing limp-like in his arms. Face turning away to stare at the wall, because he knew John didn't understand. True, omega's were known to be smaller than alphas and betas, but Sherlock wasn't even the average length of a typical omega.
"Our children need me..." John acknowledged, but there was something in his eyes that gave the impression there was more that needed to be said. Sherlock waited and watched intently as John sucked his bottom lip into his mouth and bit hard. "Does... Does that mean you don't... That you don't need me anymore?"
“It was a stab to the spleen. He didn’t need it anyways, and to hell with that witch’s nerves, if she wants children so badly let father take up a young omega.”
John blushed hotly at the realization that this whole time they’d been staring at him. His parents stared on with annoyance and embarrassment, whereas the Holmes’ eyed him warily. No doubt, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were wondering if they’d just bound their alpha son to an alcoholic omega.
Sherlock knew John must feel relief without him there. He must feel safe without him and so when Sherlock received a text from Lestrade about a double homicide case, he’d joylessly taken it.
.” Sherlock whispered with revelation, as if he hadn’t predicted that response. The thought of John wanting to carry his pups seemed to have done a number on him.
Sherlock then requested John go get them some milk while he dealt with his brother and John sensing the two wanted their privacy, conformed. When he’d come home Mycroft was gone and Sherlock was playing an erratic, intense piece of music on his violin. John knew the meeting with Mycroft must have gone wrong and he wanted to ask, but John understood Sherlock needed time to think. Sherlock had told him the very first time they’d met that he liked to play his violin when he needed to think, so John left Sherlock to his music.
Sherlock's body shook, consumed by lewd, wanton pleasure, accumulating, filling him and sending his body jolting with ecstasy of a once unimaginable and unsought elation. John's thrust grew less rhythmic and more sporadic as the gratification built, the force of his thrusts was unchecked and made Sherlock keen, enraptured. Each steep shove sparked the start of cumulation, that bulbous round head stabbing a place within that turned Sherlock into a mewling omega, helpless and pitiful.
"We've been trying for so long, I just thought... Oh, but that doesn't matter now. I will need to get a science kit for the little lad." Sherlock thought aloud, pure excitement.
Mycroft had never applied for a replacement omega, because he hadn't been ready to, and he simply didn't want to. Not after Gigi. Gregory didn't know that, and that was the point.
All too soon Sherlock understood. Elevated heart rate, dilated pupils, it was right there before him. So simple and destructive.
The genuine happiness and trust that John projected in the utterance of his name made him recall his actions and just how little he trusted the alpha in return. It wasn't guilt, not really, but Sherlock didn't feel good about his actions. He'd essentially stalked his mate.
Soon though, the high of sex would dwindle, as so too would Sherlock’s knot and John would remind himself that it wasn’t so. Sherlock was an alpha and no matter how many betas an alpha bedded, they’d always settle down with an omega, because that was the way of the world, that was biology, and it was instinct to mate an omega. Betas were just the mistresses and secret lovers of an alpha, and John wasn’t Sherlock’s lover. John was just a friend with benefits.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock asked as he set the icebox on the kitchen table and spun to stare accusingly at John.
John wanted to be filled and knotted more. His omega was screeching for him to find his mate and let himself be claimed. John slept through the beginning stages of his heat and was now being blasted with the urge to copulate. The enormous amount of slick he’d produced soaked his pants and trousers thoroughly. Palming the mattress under him, John found it equally wet.
John read from his laptop and bit the inside of his cheek, rereading this paining statistic. Would they be a part of the seventy-eight percent that stayed together, or would their marriage fail? All he’d wanted to do was look up ways to close this gap between them, but instead, he’d found this.
John watched Sherlock inhale deeply and force his tense form to relax; giving in, he let out the breath he’d held for so long.
“I’ve kept a weather eye on him, of course,” Mycroft added while gesturing for his agent to hand Sherlock the file he knew his brother wanted, though he’d never ask for it directly.
John could see the dread flicker in Sherlock’s eyes — no matter that John had his arm wrapped around Sherlock’s waist — the omega begrudgingly wrapped his left arm over John’s shoulders. Hobbling up these stairs would be more than difficult.
His intended released him of his hold, yet raised his left hand expectantly. John hurriedly fished through his pocket for the ring his mother gave him and roughly and with less care than his intended used, shoved the ring over his pale left ring finger.
No. John wasn’t going to cry. He refused to cry. He was going to solve this fucking case, reassure Sherlock that he wasn’t crazy, and then Sherlock could go fuck himself because John wasn’t going to try anymore.
Mary came to his home the next morning and John knew she'd noticed the change. When she'd insinuated he'd shaven his mustache off for Sherlock, he'd denied the notion. Apparently, it didn't suit him, and he was only shaving it off because no one liked it. He'd never do anything to please Sherlock, not now, after all his lies. And certainly not after this one big one that had nearly broken him.
John didn’t know how much more of this he could take. Hearing just how much Sherlock loved this man was too cruel a punishment, unrequited love it might be, but knowing the extent of Sherlock’s love for this man was excruciating.
. He was only sixteen, at this rate he was sure if he didn’t do it, the betas would. John really had no future set out for himself. The moment he’d fully matured his parents would contact his intended’s parents and the wedding preparations would begin. Then what? John would be confined to his alpha’s home, bred and birth litter after litter. Was that really a life? Was that really worth living for?
.” John needed, and, leaving Sherlock no time to react, he hauled the taller man against his chest and buried his face in the crook of his omega’s neck.
John must have scented the sourness of his anxiety because he shifted, pressing solidly against Sherlock's chest and ran his hands over the pale arms still wrapped around his waist before the alpha's eyes opened and he rolled in Sherlock's arms to face him.
Pride. It was a thing Sherlock had plenty of and at first it was ever present when they'd met. His pride had made him act out and be cruel. But now, Sherlock simply wanted to be filled and taken care of. His mind was tired and now his body was following in kind. He was too tired to remain angry and fighting what was meant to be. John said he loved him and wanted to care for him. He said it would just be him and he wouldn't abandon him for that beta. Maybe it was time for Sherlock to be the omega he always wanted to be. Let John be the alpha for his omega.
John wanted to ask, but he couldn’t. If he asked, and Sherlock hadn’t, he’d have revealed Irene was truly dead. If he didn’t ask, well then he’d be plagued with unanswered questions, and the realization that if it weren’t true, Sherlock might in fact care more for Irene than he thought. Even Mycroft wasn’t sure about Sherlock’s feelings where Irene Adler was concerned. Sherlock’s heart was something of an unknown, Mycroft and John couldn’t figure it out.
John wasn’t sure where he was exactly or how to get himself a cab, but noticed Sally nearby and began speaking with her, only to be thrown off by what she’d said.
John knew he didn't deserve to be comforted, but right now, holding Sherlock, scenting his sweetness with the scent of their children, he felt himself calming, though the guilt and pain for Victor remained.
Some days off, Lestrade would call Sherlock in on a case, or he would come personally to retrieve him when the situation was dire. Sherlock would always ask John if he’d like to join him, and John usually went along with Sherlock. They’d go all around town, the cases taking them in every which direction, but through it all, John felt the strength of their bond growing.
John sent Ella a look. He couldn’t. He couldn’t even when faced with Sherlock’s imminent suicide, he…
Eventually, John moved under the covers and turned to face Sherlock’s back, and for long moments in time he just stared. Sherlock never moved, he remained still, his breathing regular and John knew he was awake, but refused to converse with him and it pained John. Sherlock held no desire to know him. He had no care for John and it was destroying his heart to see this.
The walls of the room were lined up with bookshelves that were full to the brink; books were even stacked up on the top of the shelf. A large leather couch was placed on the far end of the room, near an enormous window that overlooked the magnificent gardens, and what appeared to be an extensive and intricate maze.
John shut his eyes and buried his nose in his sister’s blond hair, scenting her with love; pine, lilies, and moss. She smelled of home and though John would never have the love she wished for him, he had his sister’s love and it would have to be enough, because John couldn’t dream of having more than that.
Sherlock entrance only housed the tip of John's cock, yet he already felt full, stretched to the brink as that globbing cock head soaked in pre-come stained his insides.
John leaned forward ready to stand when the flashing of red laser dots, just a little over a dozen pointed at both of them.
Sherlock bit his tongue; his cock was growing harder now, nearly functional. The compliments weren’t stopping, they only accumulated. After everything Sherlock had said, John could only say kind things about him.
"I think we both have better judge of character to know he's not like that. He's your true mate. You might be his second in the eyes of the world, but if you let him... You could be the first in his eyes."
“I…” John began lowering his eyes almost guiltily. “There is something I must confess to you. I haven’t been honest with you, Sherlock.”
. The omega within purring wantonly with the saturated scent of the alpha’s sex and Sherlock was amazed and terrified when his body trembled in want of it.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered, past the stinging of his heart, eyes clenched tight, never having expected their talk to go this badly.
Pressing his thumb further in Sherlock's heat, John felt the muscles contract around him, swallowing him eagerly, even when Sherlock made a noise of protest.
Sherlock’s eyes widened even more than John thought was possible, the redness blossoming on his cheeks spreading to his ears and neck, a feeble noise that was just so… un-alpha-like burst forth.
“You know, it is just possible that you won’t be welcome,” Mycroft added, knowing the pain and sorrow John had gone through would not be so easily forgiven, even when it was for a man the omega truly needed in his life.
." John whimpered and all at once Sherlock became aware of the alpha's pheromones filling the room and the distinct bitter scent of a distressed omega - himself.
Sherlock’s aim remained steady on Moriarty as he glanced over to John panting, broken groans of pain spilling from his lips. He knew Moriarty was right. If Sherlock took John to the hospital now he might still have a chance, but if he killed Moriarty than they’d most certainly die.
Most nights Gregory would prepare a home cooked meal, meant to feed two and eat alone within the silence of his dining room. He’d then work on some open case files within his office, or fall asleep on the living room sofa while watching the late night news.
He asked more than once for Sherlock to change the ring tone, but Sherlock ignored him. Even Mrs. Hudson tried, but Sherlock never changed it.
John directed his sights to the table and raised his glass of water, drinking a large amount, trying to settle the churning in his stomach.
John tensed when the doorbell rang and he could do nothing more than stare wordlessly up at Sherlock. Cerulean eyes, once soft and open, shifted and were suddenly full of annoyance.
Then there was the way Sherlock was looking at Irene… John grimaced at the open bewilderment, fascination, and wonder in Sherlock’s eyes. John’s greatest fear was happening. He was losing Sherlock to a beta and there was nothing he could do to stop it, because Sherlock didn’t remember the love he had for him.
John ate another bite of his meal, stomach feeling calmed of its aching burn now that he had some food in him.
"To hell with you." Sherlock shakily swore and watched as those dark blue eyes looked at him with a plea to accept him.
“What do you want from me? We’re talking. I’m spending time with you. I’m even eating a candle lit dinner with you!”
His breathing, he needed to focus on calming his breathing, but that yeasty sweetness was growing. It filled the flat with its warmth. John's mouth felt wet. Too much saliva. He tried to swallow it down, but he was salivating in the scent that was spreading over him, filling his nostril, soaking up in the fabric of his clothes.
“You think so?” Sherlock was deluding himself. Mycroft was willing to bet John would be more likely to murder Sherlock during his surprise resurrection from the dead.
“I’m a fake.” Sherlock choked out through sentiment and John’s omega coiled inward, affected by the sorrow in his alpha’s voice.
These two dogs came, gave his hand a few sniffs. The multi-colored one gave his knuckles one lick, while the honey brown one nudged his hand before seating himself near the edge, and a moment later the multi-colored one did the same.
“Leave.” John rasped, without bite, unable to summon up the necessary anger, he’d felt plenty of earlier.
John glared at himself in the mirror. He wore a tailored black full dress tail tuxedo, pale blue vest, tie, handkerchief, and black Italian leather shoes. It was all far more expensive than he was comfortable wearing—chosen by his intended, as his mother pointed out. John found he didn’t like him at all. He didn’t want to marry someone so materialistic. He really didn’t want to marry a stranger.
"Let my fingers move, Sherlock." John insisted and Sherlock took measures to relax his nervous clenching.
John exhaled a deep breath, sneaking one of his arms under Sherlock’s shoulder, his other stroking over the open space of Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock bowed his head and buried his face in his hands, shutting his eyes, he inhaled a shuddering breath of sorrow.
“Nevermind that. You once said you owed me a huge favor when I saved you from marrying that cheating ex of yours. Well I’m cashing in that favor.” Sherlock answered, hating how his voice wavered with a hint of apprehension.
John and Sherlock blushed in-sync, glancing to each other as if to find another reason for their amusement. John couldn’t contain the giggles that rippled out of him and Sherlock soon followed with a snort of hilarity.
All of this was circumspect, until they talked about it. Eight months of not talking about it - ignoring it - wasn't helping. Gregory enjoyed their time together. Loved spending hours talking about everything and nothing. Loved looking into those green eyes and seeing the shyness there. His innocent, intelligent alpha had taken possession of his heart long ago.
Still, only part of his plan was set, now John would need to see Harry soon. He’d have to convince Harry to keep her recent illness secret from Sherlock—John hated the reasoning for this particular lie, but he’d have to convince Harry that Sherlock didn’t have to know about her past. Their grandfather had been an alcoholic and Harry had been one until a year ago, it was a family humiliation that didn’t need to be discussed with others. Now that Harry was sober and healthy again, there was no reason they should bring about more disturbing and disconcerting conversations of the past.
The room was silent. The clouds were gray. Gloomy weather of London city matched the bleakness within John’s heart. He was tired. Weakened from months of malnutrition, of many sleepless nights. There was nothing left for him here and he’d die, there was no changing that, damn what everyone else wanted, damn Mycroft’s efforts. An omega couldn’t function without their mate.
John went after Sherlock and found the alpha seated on the bed, gently stroking the threadbare towel with his thumbs and a fond smile upon his face. John froze. Sherlock… That look… John hadn’t seen that particular look before. A painful thought occurred to him. The only reason Sherlock would keep something so old and worn, and rifle through a bloody trash bin…was if it carried sentimental value.
He lay on his side facing the window of Sherlock’s room. The view carried no interest for him, because his senses took in the deep exhale of breath behind him. Slowly rolling around to face the form before him, John was met by the heartening sight of a slumbering Sherlock. Dark matted tresses were tussled in a mess, and yet John found beauty in it.
John sat up in bed, suddenly bursting with rage, if the alpha wanted to inflict pain on him, let him. He’d spent years being bullied by betas, why not let the alpha do the same. It would just give him more of a reason to hate the man.
Sherlock didn’t seem bothered by John’s response. He merely rolled his eyes, spun on his heel and made his way out of the flat, meeting Lestrade halfway on the staircase. John chuckled deeply, hearing the two bicker their way down, Lestrade complaining and Sherlock dismissing the detective’s agitated remarks.
This was too cruel a sentence. To live within a home with his alpha and - he had no doubts - the alpha's beta.
“No.” Sherlock refused, and again that painful tug in his chest strengthened when John couldn’t hide the sense of rejection he felt at Sherlock’s repudiation.
John wasn’t sure what it had been: the cheerful gathering, the fact he was overwhelmed by their scent, or the adorable shyness of Sherlock, but for whatever reason, John released his hold of Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s eyes became saddened; he took John’s reaction as a sign of refusal for any closeness. John didn’t think when he cupped Sherlock’s pale face in his hands and raised himself on the tips of his toes.
After the group had their fill, some of them - birthday woman included - went to the dance floor. Sara and the man on the other side of John stayed with a handful of others at the table talking. When Sara began talking and everyone listened, Sherlock noticed John checking his watch and shifting in his seat.
“Hang on; you were saying, ‘Sorry’ a minute ago. Don’t spoil it. Go on: what have I done that’s so bloody stimulating?” John smiled honestly then, this Sherlock was kinder, more acceptable, John never wanted that savage Sherlock again.
John felt sorry Mary wasn't happy, but his feelings would never change, and Mary finally accepted that. Mary might have accepted John would never love her as more than a friend, but she continued to stay by his side and love him in silence and through the kindness she offered with her friendship.
Sherlock felt heat blossom upon his face and shut his eyes, mortified that he enjoyed that idea more than he thought he would. His hand growing bolder as it ran up and down the expanse of the omega’s back, stroking kindly over his jumper, heating his hand pleasantly the longer he continued.
Sherlock didn't come out of his mind palace. No. He refused to speak to this alpha, even when it meant he could yell at him some more. Instead, Sherlock waited and listened in as the alpha took calming deep breaths. The alpha's arms turned loose about his waist and his head shifted away from Sherlock's neck to bury partly into his pillow as he drifted off into a deep sleep.
“Okay.” Sherlock smiled, this time John believed the smile to be genuine and found he didn’t need to force the smile spreading across his own mouth.
.” John cursed under his breath when the alpha’s voice strummed through the closed door of the bathroom and he heard the front door shut from a distance.
"Come here." John ordered, because if Sherlock didn't come to him now, he was going to go over to Sherlock and fuck him at the edge of the bed.
The voices hadn't come back, but that didn't change the fact that his alpha came too late after his mind began to sicken with delusions. If his alpha came a year ago, maybe he could have been successful enough so that he would be completely healed, but he'd been so late in the stage of his madness that his omega was greatly affected.
how faithful I can be John.” Sherlock’s words were heavy with feeling, so unlike himself, but John felt Sherlock was implying something that didn’t quite reach his full understanding.
“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t?” Sherlock implored desperately, a spark of hope flashing in piercing eyes.
Sherlock set his mug in the sink and left John a note explaining he’d gone to the morgue and would be back soon.
"I want every day to end like this." Sherlock smiled into John's skin, kissing the scar on his shoulder with kindness.
Logically, Sherlock knew John couldn’t have slept with Lestrade, because John was on suppressants, he had no sex drive, and he was a faithful omega… But that didn’t mean that Lestrade couldn’t kiss John, that Lestrade couldn’t scent his omega, or that love couldn’t develop.
Sherlock nodded his head watching as the omega’s cheeks reddened further, his neck and ears turning just as red.
, John thought to himself and then noticed a thin layer of dark hair that led from the alpha’s navel to a thick patch of pubic hair and lying in the thatch of hair was a porno worthy cock, beautifully flushed, deep red at the circumcised head. Sherlock’s cock was extensive and fat, dauntingly so. Sherlock was engorged, teasing John cruelly so. Seeing such a beautiful alpha cock made his hole constrict around hollowness, needing it, needing to be filled. It would be heaven to have it in him. So
"Shhh, such a good Captain. Took your spanking so well." Sherlock murmured, pressing several more kisses along John's forehead.
John realized that to most it would seem a heavy burden to carry, with the knowledge that one took a life, but John was a solider. He'd been in the army nearly his whole life and taking a life was something that one did for survival in a time of war. John had taken lives, even when he healed and saved his comrades. It was something he'd accepted. Taking the enemies' lives ensured many more were saved and that rang true even now back home. That cabby driver would have taken lives his he'd lived. The next being that of his mate. So no, John didn't feel burdened in the least for his actions. He felt completely right.
"Doing so well." John cooed, hands sliding over narrow hips, stroking and calming the trembling he felt.
"Come now, Sherlock." John chuckled good-naturedly as if there was no wrong committed against him. Slowly the alpha neared him with open arms and daringly brought Sherlock against him. Embracing him with those same arms that had held that beta. It was disgusting to be touched after the beta. Always second with John's affections. Sherlock would be second to hold John, to bond with him, love him and it was depressing that he couldn't be first in any of John's experiences, when John would be first in all of Sherlock's.
Sherlock removed his shirt from under the comforter and slipped it on and smiled back at John. This was surprisingly less awkward than he thought it would be. John was an understanding man and Sherlock wasn't much one for being in touch with his sexuality, but this, for the time being, this could work.
“Oh, gawd.”  Sherlock shouted in obvious relief as his bladder emptied.  “That is the strongest stream of urine I’ve had all week.”
The next few days were a bit quiet.  Sherlock successfully avoided John and then made a point to squash any attempts of conversation about what had happened at the surgery.   Finally John had simply said something vague about best mates being able to talk about ‘sex stuff’ if they need to but if best mates would rather just be British and drink tea and ignore it all, that was fine too.  Apparently, the second option won out.
Malcolm nodded as though he understood what they were saying.  “Dr Mumford will have a fit, he will.”
John stood behind Sherlock smiling at him for a moment.  He loved it when Sherlock did those domestic niceties for John even though Sherlock really thought they were just boring and dull and trite.   If someone had told him last year that Sherlock would be asking about his day at work or offering to fix him a cup of tea, John would have laughed.  There was actually one day that Sherlock had even attempted to make John dinner.  It had been atrocious and never reattempted, thank God, but it still made John smile.  They had had a long talk about the fact that John didn’t want Sherlock to change who he was to fit what Sherlock thought John wanted.  There had been a compromise that, yes, Sherlock would need to be ‘nice’, although there was no direct definition of what that was and, yes, Sherlock would need to try…try to stop insulting John.  John hadn’t directly said that sex would be withheld otherwise, but how could he be expected to perform when he was too pissed off?  Sherlock did everything in his power to NOT piss off John.
“I know yer not asleep,” John’s speech was slurred, “but tha’s okay.  Don need to say a word.  I know las night … wuz speshl.  I know it.  I felt it, still do, ack-shully.” John smirked a bit and Sherlock rolled his eyes at the joke.  He could imagine John shaking his arse at Sherlock. “But, yur goin’ through something now and it jus isn the right time.  I know that.  You helpt me thru so much, saved me so much.  Juss so you know tho, I’m not quitting you.  I think the fates or the universe or whatever you b’leive in have kep us apart for one reason or ‘nother … I don’ know why but you an I… we d’serve to be happy.  One day … one day you’ll see it.  You shut me out an let me back in when you need me and you do need me, so I’ll jus wait till you know that.  ‘Till then,” Sherlock heard John snap his heels and heard him say, “John Watson, Con … Conduc … Con-duck-tore of light reportin’ for duty”  he laughed at himself.  “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, great detective that you are, should probably be able to deduce weather or not I get a hard on especially since I’ll just be in my pants.  Not really much in the way of camouflage, is there?”
“That ever happen before?”  He could feel the organ in his hand fill and become more firm.  He ignored it as any physician would while he finished his exam.
“Oh, fuck!”  John had to squeeze his eyes closed to stop himself from painting Sherlock’s face with his come right there and then.
Kind of a cracky ending but I wanted the last part to have different tags and ratings.  I hope you like it.  Seriously, this part was only finally finished because I got some comments and feedback.  Feedback really does inspire me to write more.  No feedback=no inspiration.  I know that's ridiculous, but that's the circle of life I suppose. ;)
I noticed a blackened hallway to my left.  Traffic seems to have a steady flow there and I quickly deduce it must be the bathroom.  Splashing some water on my face and regrouping sounded like a good plan and I headed in that direction.  There was a bathroom alright, but that was not the source of the main traffic.  A heavy, steel door pushed open and in that brief glimpse I could see another world on the other side.  Lighting was dim, ambient.  There were benches along the wall and men in various stages of undress. There was no doubt in my mind what the purpose of that hidden, out-of-the-way room was.  I hang outside of the room leaning against the wall with my shirt off, strung through a belt loop on my hip, trying to look like I belonged there.  Truth be told, I feel like an idiot.  I’m debated on either gathering up my courage and pushing the door open determined to see this to the end, so to speak or turning tail and running to the outside once more.  Still unsure of my next move, the dark door flew open once more and a tall, slender man came out.  He had a cigarette in his mouth and was patting his jean pockets.
Sherlock closed his mouth tightly, he looked down and then back up at John.  “I thought you would move out.”
“Agreed.”  John washed his hands and donned a new pair of exam gloves.  “Alright, this takes less than five minutes usually.  I know you’ve had one before, but I’m going to tell you what to expect anyway because I’m pretty sure your last doctor was an imbecile in bad need of a proper shag so he wouldn’t have to take his frustrations out on his patients.”
Mycroft gave an indulgent smile.  “Of course you are.  Of that I have no doubt,” and promptly left the room.
“Yes, I suppose it would be.”  Malcolm looked over toward Sherlock who simply smiled silently.  “Are you here to train with Dr Watson then?”
John took in the scene quickly. "What happened?" as he knelt down in front of his freind lying flat on the ground with a bloody towel wrapped around his thigh. 'Well, someone knows first aid' he thought as he took in the young, female, apparently new, constable who was holding Sherlock's head tightly telling him he should remain still after such a fall because of possible spinal injury.
“Alright, Sherlock.  Relax your pelvic muscles.”  He took a firm hold of Sherlock’s penis once more, guiding the scope inside.  “Good job.  Here we go.”  Carefully he advanced the scope, examining the structures as he went.  Soon he was inside the man’s bladder.  “You’ll feel pressure while I fill your bladder with fluid.”
Mycroft spend the entire walk assuring John there were no such devices and then assured him once more inside the sterile, white, Spartan room that there were actually no places to hide such things.
John wouldn’t quite describe Sherlock as being conscious but at least he obeyed commands and shifted about as needed while John dressed him.  He even drank the juice through a straw that John offered him.
John nodded in agreement and gave a tight-lipped smirk.  “What made you go down that alley?”  John grabbed his med kit under the counter and started pulling supplies.
He gently and efficiently finished the exam and removed the probe.  When Sherlock attempted to roll back, John stopped him with a gentle hand.  “Hang on.  I’ll just get all this sticky gunk.”  He carefully removed the gel with a soft towel.  “Alright.  Not sure if that was the worst part, but two down, one to go and then we can go home and get completely hammered.”
“Okay.  Let me just …”  He began moving the probe as needed and pressing buttons on the machine as he went.  “Keep breathing, Sherlock.  Almost there.”
I wrap my arms around John’s and snake them around his bare chest, trapping him against me, giving him no room to turn and see who is behind him.  His only visual input are the bodies in various states of undress.  I didn’t know if he’ll just go with it or if fight or flight will kick in so I spoke directly into his ear keeping my voice low, breathy.  I grind into him giving him no room to doubt my intentions.  “Tell me what you want.”
John scoffed, “Yeah, and by that logic he could also jump off a sodding bridge.  Could you certainly follow him down into the Thames as well?  You daft bugger!”  John finished taping the dressing.
"No, of course not." John looked flustered. "You're right. I'm not trying to redefine my orientation. Look, it doesn't matter. Not the point.  Anyway, I’m in love with a man and a physician so of course, I’m going to use the knowledge at my disposal and I do massage your prostate all the time.”
“Well, yes, obviously you need medical attention, but there is a reason he sent for me specifically even though you very vehemently insisted I not be told about this. I’m sure he can get top line medical treatment for you at the snap of his finger. He can be a complete and utter cock, but I don’t see him going against you on this for no reason.”
Sherlock pushed his knees outward pulling John’s to spread wider as well.  He thrust inside John slowly again, kissed his neck, his back.  His hands trailed along John’s chest, his belly and found their way to the intended target, grasping John’s cock firmly, stroking it in long pulls.
“Yes…yes…so good.”  He reached under me and put a firm grasp around my dick.  He was stroking with purpose.  He’s trying to angle behind me somehow and getting frustrated.  I don’t know what to tell him.
"He's my flatmate," John explained and apparently we're having a bit of a row. Sorry about all this."
Sherlock deepened the kiss and let out a low moan.  Their tongues slid gently around each other, both of them taking a moment to explore the other.  John pulled away first.
Sherlock pointedly stuffed the broccoli under his arm and laid his head back onto the pillow miserably.
“Then, if I could possibly ask you of another favor, could you … do you mind terribly if we just get this all over with today?  I would rather not wait.  I’d rather have answers.”
“I know.  Just concentrate.  Feel me inside of you.  Stroking you, inside and out.”  Sherlock grabbed the sensitive cock of his lover and began stroking as he began thrusting inside as well.  “Don’t think.  Just feel us, John.  It’s amazing.  I have to feel you come again.  I have to spend time inside you.  Get to know you inside like this.”
John closed the door after Mycroft left and shifted his weight a few times obviously trying to think of something to say.  He looked up toward Sherlock and opened his mouth, sighed and closed it again.  Sherlock shrugged and pulled his shirt from his trousers, beginning to move forward with the task at hand.
"Sherlock. Seriously, not here. Really, not here. We'll go home and talk about it if you want. We don't have to, but apparently you want to, so lets go home."
After a few games of Cluedo, in which Sherlock deduced that the death of the Black Dog, who, in fact, was not dead, Mrs Peacock then committed suicide and Mr Boddy did hide the body next to the dog’s in the billiard room.  Who buries a dog in a billiard room anyway?
“How well do you think Mycroft believes I am handling it on my own?”  John gave a half quirk of a smile.  “You underestimate the value of your friendship to me and he likes it when the two of you are on the same page.”
John sat in the chair watching his partner try to sleep.  After an hour Sherlock was still flushed with fever and shivering.  He had already taken off all of the blankets except for one thin sheet and had even put frozen packs of cauliflower on Sherlock’s groin area.  He took his patient’s temperature again.   Sherlock just looked up at him bleery-eyed but didn’t protest.  His temperature had come up almost another degree.  John noticed Sherlock’s breathing was a bit fast.  He reached for his wrist to take his pulse.  It was a bit fast as well.  He briefly debated taking Sherlock to the hospital but knew Sherlock would never agree to it and the doctors there would only ask why he didn’t try the damn suppositories.  His mind made up, John put on a dressing gown over his pyjamas and went to find his med kit.  He had to get the fever down.
“Mmm … I love you too, John, but pppllllleeease … I’m not even sure this is healthy anymore,” Sherlock whined gesturing toward his own cock.
"And he just took it upon himself to vaccinate you," John said indignantly. "He's not a doctor. Anthea is not a doctor."
John took the edge of the blanket and put it back into place. "Yes, fine. I got it but that's not ... obviously it wasn't an issue." John shook his head. "Nevermind all that. Let's just finish this and get home, all right?"
He had spent some time during his shower cleaning out his mind palace and might have deleted the name once more.  Anyway, he didn’t wish to aggravate Mycroft or add to his own guilt.  It was also good practice for when he went home and had to pretend there was nothing amiss in front of John.  If he could fool Mycroft, he could definitely fool John.
With his hands out in a universal ‘I come in peace’ gesture, John slowly made his way toward Sherlock.  He sat next to him on the sofa.  “I’m sorry you woke up by yourself.”
Once Sherlock was a writhing mass of pent up frustration, John  decided to push it a bit further.  He thought he had more time since Mrs. Hudson probably did cool Sherlock down quite a bit.  Sherlock’s entire perineum was completely wet and dripping with John’s saliva.  Sitting back on his haunches once more, John placed both hands firmly on Sherlock’s arse cheeks down low, close to thigh and spread him open leaving his thumbs close together resting on that space just behind Sherlock’s bollocks.
“No.  Yes!  Yes, I want to.  Let’s do that.  I pulled myself up and off of Sherlock.  He doesn’t even look the slightest apprehensive or shy about his body.  He leaves the dressing gown to wherever it has lain and stands, taking my hand in his.
“I knew how I felt and that I was never going to move passed it with you still living here.  I thought that I would lead you down the correct path and you would leave and I could … just … get over it.  I was miserable with you here and miserable at the thought of you leaving but knew I could no longer function properly the way things were so … I pushed.”  He took another sip of his tea and set the cup down slowly.  “I was genuinely surprised when you showed up to the crime scene that day.  You never cease to amaze me, John.”  He smiled warmly.
Sherlock nodded and pushed himself down on the table so his hips were aligned with the tops of the stirrups.
Hell, I’ve been suffocating in this façade.  A picture of Sherlock pops into my mind.  The savior of my sanity and the annihilator of same.  If it weren’t for his ambiguous comments and lack of personal boundaries, I wouldn’t be questioning my sexuality in the first fucking place.  Hell, I had no idea why I was there.  I only knew I was NOT leaving without being sorted.
Both panted fervently for several moments.  John kissed Sherlock’s mouth and then his forehead.  He collapsed against him, breathing into Sherlock’s neck.  He felt Sherlock rub John’s arm and try to control his breathing once more as well.
John pushed Sherlock backwards onto the bed again, his legs on either side of Sherlock’s.  He rained kisses anywhere his lips landed.  Finally, what Sherlock said sunk into his lust-filled brain.  “What?”
“Well how was I supposed to know this was your fucked up way of courting me?  Jeezus H, Sherlock.  If you’d have punched me in the gut it would’ve been more obvious then … then whatever all that was.  You didn’t have to … to trick me into thinking like that.”
Sherlock continued to stroke inside of John and then leaned down to kiss him again.  The dual sensation of the warmth surrounding his finger and his tongue was glorious and soon it wasn’t enough.  He pulled his finger out and then lined up his cock and pushed.  John gasped and let out a small yelp.
"Hmm... I'm feeling a bit short of breath." Sherlock gave a shallow cough to add to the effect. John knew he was bullshitting but wondered what the hell he was playing at.
Sherlock removed his fingers from John causing yet another delicious gasp.  John finally opened his eyes.
Sherlock sighed dramatically and grasped the arm rests of the chair clearly annoyed.  “Where is this discreet physician you ordered?  I want to be home before John comes home from work and have some time to burn my clothes beforehand.”
M wrapped his arms around Sherlock once more and pulled him tightly into his chest.   “How about we finish what we started?”
.  “No.”  He scoffed.  “Don’t be ridiculous.  You’re not even gay.  You’re my friend.  My best friend.  You are invaluable, John, but we aren’t’ suited to be together in that way.”  He took a step forward.  “I hope you see that.”
John shook his head.  “No, of course not.  Go ahead. I like it when my patients don’t smell up the room.”  He smiled
“Oh you do exaggerate quite a bit, don’t you?”  Sherlock acquiesced though, sinking his torso onto the table and letting his right leg go limp.
Suddenly Sherlock felt the cold concrete beneath his naked form, the dampness in the air.   Babbles made in the throws of this barbaric coupling turned to Serbian and the man above him, holding him down while he felt the drag of every single inch of his cock enter Sherlock and pull back out over and over again, was no longer the man he met in a bar in London, but the disgusting torturer he had spent an eternity in hell with.
John washed his hands and got to work gently removing the cloth from around Sherlock’s hand.  He prodded at the wound edges across the outside of his palm along the pinky finger and extending down almost to his wrist.  There was another line parallel to the first but much shorter indicating the knife had gone all the way through Sherlock’s hand at the edge of his palm, in the fleshy part by the thumb. Thankfully, it had nearly stopped bleeding.
They both leaned in closer, John kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, teasing it open, licking Sherlock’s bottom lip.  Sherlock was a quick study and opened his mouth accepting John’s tongue in his own mouth.  John licked the roof of Sherlock’s mouth, gently coaxing it further open.  Neither dominated the kiss.  Once they started caressing each other with their mouths, they deepened the kiss turning is from something exploratory to something sensual.  Soon they were thrusting hips against each other, Sherlock writhing against John’s thigh.  John grabbed Sherlock’s arse cheek and pulled him forward, giving Sherlock the leverage he seemed to need as he rutted against John.
John moved to the edge of his seat.  “Listen, Sherlock.  I know you don’t think you’re good enough for a relationship, that you don’t want to hurt someone by showing them what kind of suffering you are going through.  It’s a lot to take on.  But, I know you Sherlock.  I know you can get past this.  You have no idea what I faced when I was invalided from the army.  My life was meaningless but I was able to find hope, find someone to share my life with.”
Sherlock pointed downward.  “His University ring is missing very recently and taken off his finger forcefully.  Desperation and not much time to hang around.  Drug addict.”  Sherlock trailed off distracted while Anderson and Donovan were snapping at him.  Something had apparently drawn his attention away from the crime scene and if John waited too long, Sherlock would already be in a cab and gone before John caught up to him at 221B.
He heard the doorbell ring downstairs and Mrs Hudson answering and sending someone up.  He remained in his room until he heard a soft knock on the door to the flat.  He knew John was anticipating answering the door and he hung back to let him.  The man that Mycroft had sent would know the reason for him being there and would be expecting John to be in the flat.  No explanations would be necessary.  The hurt he was causing John by sleeping with someone else was regretful.  He hated himself for it but saw no other way.  John would appreciate the opportunity to be his protector if he couldn’t be his lover.
“Oh fucking Christ, Sherlock,” John talked against Sherlock’s skin, along his jaw, behind his ear.  “I want you.  I want you so bad.”  He pulled his knees up onto the bed slotting them both together perfectly as they slid against each other, pushing pulling, feeling the heat rising.
John pulled some medication into a syringe.  “I’m going to inject you with a local anesthetic so I can stitch you up.  You’ll feel a pinch and a sting,” John explained as he pushed sterile gauze into the wound and cleaned up any leaking fluid from the anesthetic as well.  Sherlock flinched at a couple of the sharp pokes into his backside.  “I’m sorry, Sherlock.  I just want it to be good and numb so I don’t hurt you.”
He bolted from me and flipped himself around and is out of my hold so fast I have no idea how he did it.  The look of hurt, embarrassment and ….disappointment is more than I can bear.  “What the … fuck you, Sherlock!”  He started putting his shirt back on as he hurriedly moved toward the door.
Sherlock took in a gasp of breath as he startled awake.  Apparently he hadn’t been screaming this time and he was sure John would probably appreciate that fact.  The sound of soft snoring next to him had him panicked once more and he scrambled to the other side of the room before he realized it was John and then remembered he had told John to just stay in his bed.  Why had he allowed that?  He scrubbed a hand through his hair and consciously made his body comply with his deep-breathing technique and attempt to control the panic, anger and uselessness he felt fill his chest and bubble up in his throat.
“Okay, I’m just going to take a few jabs to find what I’m looking for.”  He thrust in once, noted my response and pulled back out.  I felt like a science experiment.  In Pornland but an experiment nonetheless.  “Tell me when I hit it.”
“That was you, I know.”  John shook his head and stood, pulling his jumper up over his head, folding it and placing it neatly on the counter.  “I’m stripping off down to my boxers.”
I nodded my head.  Actually it felt warm and pleasant.  I leaned back against him relaxing into his embrace.  I was more on top of him than we were side-by-side.
At John’s glare toward Lestrade, the man started to explain, “It went off like a charm, John.  Textbook.  We apprehended the criminal at his home, had him in cuffs.  His woman was sitting there, stoic, not moving a muscle, quiet the whole time.  We went to leave and she jumped from the chair and plunged a knife into Sherlock before anyone could say ‘what the hell?’” Lestrade glanced back toward Sherlock.  “He insisted on coming back here instead of the ambulance and to A&E like I said and here we are,” Lestrade finished with an apologetic smile.
“It’s too soon. It should have started tomorrow.” Sherlock hummed, knowing that although heat cycles were rather easy to calculate, when an omega was close to heat and their alpha’s arousal was most prominent, their heat could develop sooner than expected.
"You won't have me sexually." Sherlock growled, infuriated by the hallucination, because it could so easily come true if the alpha dared to order him as an alpha could.
“We met at a bar, had a few drinks, played trivia, went back to my flat to have coffee, talked a bit, watched a movie, and then slept on that sofa. It was all innocent, mind you. I slept on the left side and John on the right. We never even touched in our sleep.”
“Right then. So, what have we got?” Sherlock said more to himself than to John, newspaper forgotten as he set his cup of coffee down and went to open the front door.
John rumbled contentedly, raising one of Sherlock's legs and slipped off one sock, before doing the same with the other, and still, he didn't stop. His hands smoothed over the skin of his bent knees and spread them wide.
John narrowed his eyes, endeavoring to see through the darkness of the room. Blinking within the dimness, the shadows began to take form, revealing themselves, and John was able to spot the lump of a body lying covered in sheets.
Closing his eyes and inhaling a deep breath, willing himself to remain calm, John seated himself in his red chair and waited for the omega to explain himself.
The CCTV videos had shown many unsettling things. John spent the night at another alpha’s home. Sherlock stayed up all night waiting for John’s return. When John returned, Sherlock had hidden in his room.
Sherlock blinked blankly, mind turning, attempting to make sense of this seemingly senseless response. Apparently, Sherlock thought he’d refuse and John might have if his sister’s life didn’t hang in the balance.
John laughed.  “Do you even listen to yourself sometimes?  You just proved, once more, that you are definitely NOT a sociopath.”
“Oh!”  I lurched forward in shock.  He’s got me pinned down to the mattress with his legs.  “Oh my god!!”  Oh, that’s so nice.  Wow!  Jeezus H I am in heaven.  His tongue was busy working my ass.  All I could do was hold on.
“Yes, of course I am,” John rose and went to Sherlock quickly.  “Do you still have a fever?”  He placed a hand on Sherlock’s forehead.
Another nightmare in the middle of the night waking up the entire household and taking him entirely too long to recover was the last draw.  Even the two hour time periods of sleep were not working to abate the nightmares anymore.  Heedless of the time, Sherlock texted his brother at 3am.
John produced his NHS ID card. "I am his doctor. I would be happy to finish him up and take him home if you'd like." John looked at Sherlock who was snoring softly.
Sherlock left John to pay and dashed inside.  John caught up with him quickly though as he was rounding the corner to go into his room.
“Okay.”  John smiled the condescending smile of a physician who knows when their patient is lying.  “Any pain?”
I was surprised when a skinny boy springs directly in front of me smiling from ear to ear.  He took the jacket from my hands and laid it over the ledge then grabbed my hand and hauled me out to the dance floor.  If this child is 18 I will eat my stupid leather jacket.  He was a bit effeminate and flamboyant in bright orange pants and a lemon-yellow tank top.  I felt like everyone was watching me dance with him.  Like I’m playing at something completely out of my league.  I was trying to move to whatever beat was pounding its way through my body.  He looked at me like he’s just found the cutest little puppy and pressed himself against me.  He looked me dead in the eyes with such a lascivious look while his hands were working the shirt up my body.  I was mesmerized at the tenacity of this child.  My shirt was completely up and over my head.  I raised my arms allowing him to remove it.  I’m actually grateful for that.  I wouldn’t have had the nerve to remove it myself but I notice a few appreciative smiles on the dance floor and I’m also much more ventilated.  My flesh mixed with the acres of the other flesh on the dance floor makes me feel slightly less inhibited.  He looped my thin shirt through a belt loop on my jeans.  When I felt his hands go for my belt buckle, I had to stop him.  I’m not what he is looking for.  He’s not what I am looking for.  I’m not going to pretend to have high standards today.  I am a bit desperate, but someone finished with puberty would be good.  I held his wrists.  I smile and gave him a wink with much more confidence than I actually had.  I think that’s a pretty smooth let down.  He shrugged and by the time he turned around he was with someone else.  I think he’ll get over me.
John was waiting for him outside of the shower.  “Look, Sherlock, I know last night was … it was something I think we both needed.”
“What? Oh, yes, well, young man, in his thirties and the visit sheet says he’s in for a prostate check.”  John sipped his tea and put it on the side table.  “I thought it was odd for such a young man to need that particular exam so I questioned him.  He had an elaborate story about his father and his grandfather and even his brother all having prostate cancer at an early age.  I mean he laid it on thick, really thick.  Of course, I was supportive and spoke soothingly just as I always do, especially before doing such an intimate exam.”
John smiled.  “I like that too.”  He looked up at Sherlock and pulled himself up onto an elbow.  “You feeling alright?  Did it hurt to orgasm?”
John nodded.  In a clinical manner, he pulled the sheet downward, stopping at about the point he could barely see pubic hair and folded the sheet out of his way.  “Lift up a bit.”  Palms pressed against his sides as he rucked Sherlock’s top up to the middle of his flat abdomen.  He met his patient’s eyes. “This will be cold.”  After Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement, he applied the gel to his lower abdomen and then began moving the probe within the fluid.
“John, I can achieve an erection,” Sherlock said rolling his eyes.  “I’ve just never felt the desire to share myself in that way.  I don’t even know if that is how I feel.  I just know that I think very fondly of it when you touch my arm or reach for my wrist or brush up against me and that I am amenable to being around you and I become irritated when you leave and when I’m injured the pang of need is … palpable.”
Sherlock moaned in delight as John’s hands continued to roam across his body.  He tried to be more participatory but John kept holding his hands at bay, moving them to a non-volatile location.  He became more frustrated and more aroused at the same time.  John stroked his cock, pebbled his skin with warm kisses all over his body.  Without realizing it, he was turned around and the kisses began assaulting the back of his neck, behind his ears, those spots that were even more erogenous than stroking his cock.
John wiped Sherlock’s sweat-matted hair back away from his forehead.  His skin was so flushed and warm.  John looked at his lover with sympathy.  “I know.  I’m just trying to help you, babe.”
“I’m trying to flush out whether or not I should muster the effort to come up from this completely blissed out afterglow to be pissed at you for shagging me without a condom.”
Sherlock smiled.  “I know.  Me too.”  He lined up his cock to John’s entrance and pushed.  John tensed and attempted to push his knees back together.  “Shh … relax, John.”  Sherlock nudged John’s knees apart once again and pushed them up toward John’s chest, opening him further.
“I’m not a child, John.  Do not attempt to placate me.”  He put his arms underneath the covers and squirmed around a bit before tossing his briefs ceremoniously across the room.  He then turned his body stiffly away from John and pulled the blanket over with him, exposing his backside to John impatiently.
“I guess the way you leap from building to building, jumping over fencing and flying through the streets in the dead of night, this was bound to happen eventually.”  John finished the stitches on Sherlock’s hand, snipped the last thread and applied the antibiotic ointment to the area before he started to put on the dressing.
“It itches … can’t you see that?  I’ve scratched nail marks across it since it happened.  Even you should be able to deduce that,” Sherlock huffed impatiently.
Sherlock felt him lining his cock up once more which made him buck sideways again to dislodge Mike’s efforts.  “I said STOP!”  When Mike showed no signs of hearing Sherlock or stopping his efforts, Sherlock grabbed the man’s forearm and bit down as hard as he could.
“Good.  Push yourself back.”  John helped him get his feet out of the stirrups and get comfortable.  Making his way toward the sink he instructed Sherlock to just stay put for a few moments.  When John returned to his bedside, he pulled the sheet back down to expose Sherlock’s genitals once more.  “Keep this in place for a few minutes.  It will help with the stinging sensation at the tip of your penis.”  A very warm, wet cloth was wrapped around said area and Sherlock melted at the sensation.
“It’s okay, Sherlock.  You’re right here at Baker Street with me.  You’re safe, you’re at home, Sherlock. Take deep breaths.”  John talked soothingly.  Sherlock obeyed.  His voice, that beacon of light that he had heard so many times whether it was in real life, in his dreams or the voice in his mind palace, John’s voice always made him feel safe.  “That’s it.  You’re doing fine.  Keep taking deep breaths.  You’re safe.  You’re right here with me at Baker Street.”
A confession of love wasn’t going to fix that nor was it fair to John.  Obligation out of pity for your best friend was not the basis of a relationship.  The scene he had played over and over in his head of he and John was never going to happen.  There was no happily-ever-after scenario in Sherlock’s life.  He had the work.  It was good enough for him back then, it can be good enough once more.
His body stiffened for a moment, obviously having to beat out his instinct to lash out.  I held my breath hoping his own reasons for being here might overpower the soldier’s engrained response.  Finally, he relaxed marginally and grabbed hold of my arm, his head leaned into my touch.  He pushed himself back against me with his hips.  “You.”
John couldn’t hold it together anymore and let his tears fall quietly.  Sherlock knew his friend would rather scream and beat something to oblivion rather than sit there and quietly take in this news.  He knew John would go to the ends of the earth to find justice for Sherlock and he knew that John knew he could do nothing of the sort while they were sitting in the tiny, sterile room for the reasons they were sitting there having this conversation instead of having it at Baker Street.  He wouldn’t burden Sherlock with the force of his rage at the moment.  So he waited and he eventually calmed himself enough to speak again.
John lay on his side, a pillow tucked under his head, a sappy grin on his face.  “That was rather … thorough, I think.”
John put on his best Captain Watson face.  “You will do no such thing.  Mycroft will send someone who has been nothing less than fully vetted.  He will have vetted the person’s family and neighbors and his sodding cat as well.”
“He was drunk.  Probably not consciously aware of the ramifications of his actions.  I lead him into the circumstances.  I don’t think he was a particularly violent man.  I think he was … not himself.”
He had to stop thinking about Serbia.  Having his mind firmly planted on that particular aspect of his life would certainly not get him very far in his plan to turn this night, this experience, into what he thinks about when his mind reaches for sexual thoughts, when a case steers him toward sexual relationships, when he thinks about John which invariably leads to attempted self-release which starts off with the pictures of lovely, wonderful, beacon-of-light John he has stored in his Mind Palace, but then turns horrifically into that fucking tormenting room with the Serbian fuck-wits that he wants to shoot in the head, one by one.
“I appreciate your … friendship.  I’m fine now, obviously.  I will use the loo and attempt to go back to sleep.  If you shut your bedroom door, you will be saved from the auditory ramblings of my sleeping brain.  Good night, John.”  Sherlock turned on his heel despite every splinter of pain it caused, and walked toward the adjoining bathroom.
It didn’t take long before John pulled away from Sherlock’s friction-swollen lips to grab his own dick and finish the job.  He came all over Sherlock’s face and neck as he screamed out his lover’s name.  When Sherlock licked his lips and put a finger-full of come in his own mouth, John gasped and stroked himself a few more times and then smeared the head of his cock through the mess on Sherlock’s neck and jaw.  “Oh fuck!  So gorgeous … so fucking gorgeous.”   John bent down and kissed Sherlock once more, both of them tasting semen and each other in their kiss.
O-kay … I have no idea how that just went so spectacularly wrong.  Or right, depending on your perspective, I suppose.  I thought he wanted … well, I thought he wanted my arse to be honest, but, I’m beginning to think I have it all wrong.  When he said he was thinking I would ‘reciprocate with him’ I had assumed he meant sex.  I assumed I was just another puzzle or a challenge to be had.  All of these months I thought we were best mates and then he sodding flips the tables on me making me mad with wanting him.  I’m beginning to think it wasn’t to simply get into my knickers now though.  Maybe the poor bastard really thinks he did a right job at courting me.
“Hmm … oh, right.”  John collected himself, stilling his hands on each of Sherlock’s hips.  “No, I mean, I need to get the sample.  I know it’s not the most romantic thing I’ll probably ever say, but, trust me, I’ll make up for it in time.”
“Yes, the ring that was missing.  It was red and ridiculously garish.  You did see him.  I’m probably feeding into the stereotype but it wasn’t a difficult leap to assume the disheveld, tattoed, pierced, hadn’t-eaten-a-proper-meal-or-bathed in a week, drug-dealer had never been to university himself so the ring was a bit out of place on him.”
John made a point to look at his watch.  “Yes, yes it is a bit early isn’t it?”  He looked toward Sherlock who maintained a very neutral expression.  “Yes, well … my colleague here, Dr. Rowand-unsteigal, is on a different time zone, I’m afraid.  Hard to get used to the time difference between London and Istanbul I should think.”
John gave a small smile.  “Well then, let me show you the difference,” his smile turning from curious lust to predatory lasciviousness instantly.  The change made Sherlock shiver in anticipation letting out a small  gasp as John traveled south.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose.  “John, my heating pad keeps turning off and my stomach still hurts.  I need you.”
John sighed.  “Stay right where you are.  I’ll go talk to her.”  John clambered up and off of Sherlock, pulled on his jumper to straighten it into something decent before he opened the bedroom door running right into Mrs. Hudson.  John could feel the blush spreading to his cheeks and the tips of his ears.  “Ah, hello, Mrs. Hudson.  We were … just … we ..um …”
John nodded and placed his hand over Sherlock’s in silent invitation to continue the touch.  “Is it … sexual attraction?”
“That’s what I said.  I wrenched my hand away from him and told him he was finished.”  John sighed again, “do you know what this berk had the nerve to say to me?”
Slowly, he worked himself down my torso, kissing my neck, my clavicle, laving at my nipples.  My hips buck upward as he pushed his body down mine, rubbing against me as he went.  Hands on my waistbands, breath on my lower belly, he stopped and looked up at me.  Gawd!!  Bloody hell he’s gorgeous … and that look!  Anything he wants is his.  Anything.  His lips turn up into an evil-looking grin before he pulled the briefs down just past the head of my cock and pressed his tongue to the sensitive underside.  Oh my god!  I want him so bad.  He knows it.  His smile tells me that.  He maintains a firm grip around my cock, licking my glans like it’s a fucking lollipop.
There was no moving through the crowd without touching.  There was no turning around without rubbing against someone.  My arse was found by more than a few groping hands on my way across the floor.  Encouraging.  Somewhat.  I found a dark corner behind the dance floor.  There were no tables left but I found a ledge to lean against and just watch.  Closer inspection of the dance floor had me revisiting my opinion about the foreplay.  It’s not just foreplay I see. It’s full on sex.  You would have to look for it through this crowd but there were definitely men being fucked right out there on the dance floor.  Hell, I bet they don’t even know each other’s names. How hard could it possibly be to get laid here?  I took off my leather jacket.  Shit.  Know idea what the hell I’m going to do with it?  Should have left the damn thing at home.  I was hot as hell though.  I could not put it back on and I’m not leaving. I was suffocating in the heat.
“Oh!”  Sherlock pulled one knee up in obvious desperation for leverage with which to push himself into John’s hand.
He heard his door open, a splinter of light coming through and then the rustle of John leaning on the door frame.
“Good,” John kissed Sherlock’s lips and pulled him in for an embrace, “now wrap those long, beautiful legs around my waist and hang on to me.”
John manhandled the testicles, feeling each in turn, checking for nodules or irregularities.  “Have any pain when you tried?”
“Glad you think so.”  Watson smiled.  He pulled on the ultrasound machine that had been quietly sitting in the corner.  He flipped a switch and let it begin its course of self-diagnostics before becoming a useful instrument.  “I suppose you’ll probably have to urinate by now?”
John kissed him once more and then pulled back putting some of his weight on his hands.  “Look, there is nothing more that I would like to do then to be inside you if that’s what you want but I don’t think either of us are in a fit state to do that today.  It requires time and patience and I don’t think I’ll last past putting one finger inside your arse.”
Sherlock’s door was shut tight and the light off.  He knocked quietly knowing Sherlock was awake.  He’d just heard him leave the loo.
His bed partner snorted in derision.  “Get serious, mate.”  He pushed forward but the slickened condom-covered cock slipped downward missing its mark.
“Your wh…?”  Realization dawned rapidly and he face-palmed already thinking of exactly how he was going to apologize and regretting that the chances of herding Sherlock back to post-coital, naked heaven were somewhere between nil and zero
“Sherlock?”  He felt the cool gel against very tender skin.  “Sherlock, I’m going to come.  I’m so close.”
Hours later John finally heard the music from Sherlock’s room stop followed shortly thereafter by the man himself striding steadfastly down the hall in full dress.  He stopped for a second to grab his coat.
“Sherlock, it’s all fine …”  John abruptly halted his attempt to soothe his flatmate when said flatmate made a sudden turn and dashed out of the room, grabbing his coat as he went.
“I didn’t know what a kinky bastard you are.”  He stretched himself out onto his front, nudging the pillow into his chest.  “Take a look then.”  He spread his legs and allowed the touch.
With practiced finesse, John moved the sheet and dressing gown aside to examine Sherlock’s abdomen.  He checked more glands, more peripheral pulses, then donned fresh gloves.  “Time to stand up, Sherlock.”
John stopped what he was doing to take in what was happening with Sherlock.  Was he going into shock?  It was common to go into a kind of shock after coming down from a quick adrenaline rush.  John pulled a glove off with a snap and placed two fingers at Sherlock’s carotid artery.  “What’s going on, Sherlock? Are you in pain? Do you have another injury?”  John began pulling at Sherlock’s shirt to attempt to ascertain why the man’s pulse rate was going up instead of down.
“Yes, I do.  If you keep scratching, you’re going to look like you’ve been doing it with razor blades soon.”  John patted the table to emphasize the instructions.  “Let’s try a cool pack too.  Might take the burn out of it.”  John grabbed the chemical pack and broke the inside vial, shaking it up as he came closer.  He placed it directly on the rash and then busied himself getting Sherlock dressed.
“No, I wasn’t!  Why does everyone insist on that?  I’ve been… I was not raped last night.”  Sherlock sighed.
John looked completely flabbergasted.  “I thought … well, it doesn’t matter, I suppose.”  John shook his head.
“Thank you, John.  You really are my best friend.”  And with that he felt the sharp poke and watched as his blood filled the vials quickly.  “How many tests are you doing?”
"Oh no, John has seen me naked many times. He can stay." Sherlock announced loud enough for everyone in the department to hear.
C'mon and leave a comment ... it really does justify me spending SO much time writing these stories rather than spending that time being a productive member of society.  Thank you, and I really do appreciate everyone who is reading my stories.  It is a fun past time and I would love to keep on doing it.
John hissed as Sherlock roamed down his body, taking in each nipple, lapping it gently at first and then taking the nub between his teeth.  John arched his back pushing himself into the touch, hips coming away from the wall.  Sherlock smiled at him, a devious smile and moved on.  Moved down.  Gentle kisses, gentle fingers caressed John’s sides, followed the path of hair down his chest, down his belly, the line hiding under John’s trousers.
Clients were pouring in now after John started his blogs and each case seemed interesting in their own way to John, but Sherlock was just so darn picky. A part of him understood, Sherlock needed a complex case to help keep his mind on its toes in a manner of speaking, and he wanted that for Sherlock. Still, Sherlock could work on his sensitivity with addressing potential clients.
One of Sherlock’s hands moved to scrape through his blond hair before fisting a handful of locks to yank John’s head back enough so that he could shove his tongue deep into his mouth and explore his omega completely. John followed him back and lay on Sherlock all the care and enthusiasm that he felt. Sherlock hungrily lapped at the inner core of John’s mouth, tasting with insistence. The untamed beast of an alpha within broke free as Sherlock growled heavily into their kiss, sending a vibration to tickle their joined tongues battling for possession. The kiss hastily altered, growing fiercer, longer, and stronger. John sighed happily, losing himself into the teasing battle of tongues while Sherlock plowed through him. Sherlock’s need for mating was clearly evident, his alpha needed to knot and now. John would do anything to appease the alpha’s instinctual desire for it was his own.
“That is why I… so much for you. John, you are a strong man. You’ve seen the evils of this world and have remained untainted by it. You are courageous. You are stubborn. You are the moral compass of my heart and I need you for all that you are. I don’t need an omega.
“If I asked you to kneel before me again... would you?” John wouldn’t, the very sight had disturbed him, but he had to wonder if Sherlock’s submission the other night was for show or a genuine promise to be so in their relationship when John needed it the most.
He enjoyed the gentle touch of his mate. This had been happening since their heat. The touching. John had been more... affectionate. Physically touching him more than ever before. Where they'd once only touched when assisting each other rise from seats, falls, and attending to wounds brought on through The Work, they now...
Sherlock bit his tongue, squirming uncomfortably in his seat, arousal kindled and growing ever strong.
"Um..." Sherlock felt his mind cloud, unsure how to respond and remained pliant to John's manipulation of his hand.
“Bloody hell, that felt good,” Sherlock said to no one, staring in a daze up at the ceiling, feeling all kinds of right just lying in his bed. His cock, stomach and thighs were covered in a thick layer of cum.
“I gave you my number. I thought you might call… Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket? Or are you just pleased to see me?”
That didn’t happen. John grew older, became a certified trauma doctor, and still never met anyone. John then felt the call to join the army and become an army medic and he’d signed up after informing his sister. Harry worried about him, but he had her support, and he felt reassured she’d be safe because Harry had Clare now. So John left England for the army and things were good for a time. John got to experience the excitement and thrill that came with the war; he got to save lives, became Captain and earned the respect of many.
“Goodbye, John.” There was finality in Sherlock’s voice and John’s heart throbbed painfully. Sherlock’s couldn’t.
John began to picture their life as a family, raising their children, happily. John and Sherlock would divide their time caring for their pups and Mrs. Hudson would babysit as they’d go out on cases. They’d be there to see their children say their first word, see them stand and take their first steps and John would forever feel the warmth of a family and the love of his alpha. John needed so much for this dream of a future to become a reality.
Sherlock shook in his arms. He could feel the trembling vibrations even through the muscles that encircled his cock. And he knew, could feel it, as his excitement prompted the spout of his head to drizzle more of his essence. Tainting the inner core of Sherlock's womb with his love.
A cake with layers set up like a fancy staircase, wrapped in blue frosting ribbons and purple flowers. At the very top layer of the cake was handmade figurines that resembled Sherlock and John’s likeness.
"We'll see. Now answer my question, because I need to know. Was it just betas? Or did you have them all, alphas, betas, and omegas? Are you that much of a whore that you have no preference?"
“Oh, yes. That sounds like a lovely idea. John, dear, do go and tell Mycroft what you require. You’re family now and we will most certainly provide all you desire.” Mrs. Holmes encouraged, sipping her tea, giving her approval.
Sherlock eyed him guardedly but said nothing. John began to wonder if Sherlock was trying to offset him in the hopes he’d refuse this arrangement, thus freeing him of the contract he’d signed. John would not refuse, he had his own contract he’d signed and wished to enact.
"Sherlock?" John voice was filled with care that undid something within, and suddenly Sherlock didn't care that this was wrong. Everything he ever needed, all the repressed wants of his omega were being answered by the presence and care of his one and only mate, his John.
house, the home the alpha and his beta lived in for years, the home they'd copulated in, disgusted him.
“Lestrade… He scents you on the nights you…” Sherlock couldn’t finish his sentence, the ends of his mouth twitching as if wishing to say more, but being unable to voice what could only be too much of an over-sentimental question.
Sherlock answered Mycroft's observation with an exasperated sigh. Buttoning up his fitted jacket, he stepped towards the door, and took hold of the handle.
John tucked his head in the pillow under him, inhaling deeply, scenting the alpha and hating how an involuntary gasp escaped.
That didn't happen though, and Sherlock couldn't think about those types of things now. Too much had happened.
Sherlock's hand moved on its own, and timidly touched his taunt stomach. John was right, they should talk about this, but Sherlock wasn't ready for that. Shaking his head, he dropped his hand, he couldn't think about that right now. Still, he couldn't have John thinking he'd raped him.
Sherlock slipped deeper within his mind palace. It might be a mess of thoughts, but it was safer than out there in the real world. Less painful than being near that alpha.
“You stopped taking suppressants? Why?” Sherlock hadn’t realized this important change in John’s life, though he’d been busy working a case and that could have been the reason for missing this important change.
"According to you. Once is more than enough Gregory." Mycroft inhaled deeply and wrapped his arms around the other alpha.
There, John pressed his knee against Sherlock’s bed and gently lowered Sherlock as if he were weightless. Sherlock stared silently at John, noticing for the first time the deepness of John’s blue eyes, his lips carried a warm shade of pink, and the strength of his bitterly sweet scent as he leaned over him, setting Sherlock’s head kindly against a pillow.
“John?” Sherlock spoke a voiceless question hovering with the utterance of his name, and breaking the silence between them as he slowly pulled John away enough to meet his gaze.
Most days off, they’d lounge about the house. Sherlock would continue with his experimenting and John would ask about the current research he was performing. That usually started Sherlock on a long explanation that had the two in a heated discussion. Most of Sherlock’s experiments were fascinating and given enough time, John was sure Sherlock’s work would be appreciated by scientists across the world.
“Let’s just get this over with.” Sherlock sighed heavily, rubbing his hand over his face, not wanting to have
John watched as Sherlock wrapped himself up in his coat and scarf and his gaze faltered when gray eyes met his stare.
“It is impossible right now. Your husband needs to be under general anesthesia to remove the bullet and stop the bleeding; the fetuses wouldn’t be able to survive in the first trimester. If your husband doesn’t have the surgery, he will die. There is no easy answer.”
"Before you say anything, our breakfast wasn't all that filling and I need something with substance." Sherlock grumbled.
Sherlock ceased his spanking and began to soothingly run his hand over the angry red welts on John's ass. His own palm print marked John's ass in so many places, overlapping each other several dozen times. John's body shook over him - from pain or mortification, Sherlock was unsure, but it didn't matter.
Sherlock was it for John, and even now that had not changed. Omegas couldn't survive the death of their alpha. It was a truth known by most. Still, there were some omegas that chose to ease their pain with a partial bond with a living alpha. These omegas were abnormal and though a partial bond was created with another alpha, the omega could not cure the severed bond of their true mate, and would die regardless of the new alpha's tie with them. Omegas could only bond once and these partial bonds, more often than not, would cause the omega to feel a sense of betrayal towards their true alpha.
Raising out his other hand, palm down, and low enough to reach John's peripheral, Sherlock spoke gently, "My hand, kiss it."
Sherlock's mission had been canceled and he was released from his assured death sentence. Instead, the government wanted his help again, and so he gave it. John felt relief consume him. It was as if the world was giving him another chance. Sherlock was back. Back in London, back in 221B, and within reaching distance.
It was 2:36AM when Sherlock stood before Lestrade at the New Scotland Yard headquarters, debriefing his side of the events leading to the apprehension of the murderer that his phone hummed with life. Sighing with annoyance, Sherlock finished up what he was saying, took out his phone and sniped, “Hello.”
Sherlock exited first and John followed after him. The alpha didn’t validate his presence and John felt slight dissatisfaction by this. At least his alpha could acknowledge him. Regardless of his feelings, John followed the tall man through the extensive foyer and into a lavished sitting room. The home was fashionably adorned with expensive artifacts and furniture. Wedding guests were already there, servers weaved through the cluster of guests serving wine and appetizers.
John had thought about what it would be like when he finally returned home, how his alpha would treat him, and he spent many nights up worrying over such things. He never expected for things to turn out this way. Returning home an invalid caused him to become more pessimistic. John didn’t know Sherlock like he knew his comrades.
"I never realized that Mary harbored feelings for me. Not until sometime after we married. I know I was wrong to ignore my duty to you, but I told myself I was doing the right thing. I always intended on finding you after my mother's passing. I was too worried that my mother would suffer from the shock of it." John hesitantly raised a hand and lay it over Sherlock's, a gentle show of comfort.
“Ooh, did I hit a sore spot?” Irene smirked arrogantly and crossed her legs, revealing smooth pale skin.
Sherlock tensed, mouth and tongue faltering, hand stilling of its caress on his cock as piercing eyes stared up at John in disbelief.
John spent several hours speaking with Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, but mostly just Mrs. Holmes. She did most of the talking. They asked questions, most were easy to answer, others were more personal and John had kept those brief and to the point. When Mrs. Holmes asked about his parents, John tensed and simply answered they’d passed when he was young. Mrs. Holmes wanted to know more, but Mr. Holmes, yet again picking up on John’s discomfort, asked John a question of his own (one about his schooling) and John gratefully answered him.
John sighed heavily, raised a hand to comb through his disheveled hair he’d spent tussling while drinking with Harry.
“I received monthly updates about this person, but even after reading the first… I knew they were The One. I felt instantaneously drawn to them; someone who I knew would complement me in the best of ways.”
Shifting closer, John threw a leg over a jutting hip and pressed a hand against Sherlock’s lean chest. Running fingers in sparse chest hair, John hummed happily and nosed the alpha’s exposed neck, scenting him.
"John Hamish Watson." Mycroft hissed like a curse, "This is your fault, but do not dwell in your sorrows. Right now, it is your duty and obligation to make this right. Fix it. Talk to him. I will be in touch." With that said, Mycroft spared the silent young Holmes one last soft look before he moved to the door and stepped out of it, shutting it behind him.
"Now, you're going to have to push again." the doctor said and Sherlock whimpered weakly. He didn't know if he could keep this up, but God help him he had to.
. Right there, John!" Sherlock choked out, hands snapping out and gripping insistently to the wrist of the very hand stroking that hard knob within.
"Whatever kind of alpha you are, I care not. Now come on and let's get this scenting over with." Sherlock shot back spitefully and moved to seat himself on the sofa and stared back at John, waiting.
Although Mrs. Holmes reminded Sherlock that John’s heat would soon be starting, the alpha had lied to her.
The the alpha, though he spouted words of love, this touch could only send his alpha within to feel a certain degree of apprehension. Wary of what his sick omega could possibly attempt in his altered state of mind. Another form of stress on the alpha. Sherlock wanted that. Loved the idea of stressing his alpha. He only hoped he could be there to watch as the alpha crumbled and broke.
Breathing uneven heavy breaths, Sherlock still failed to calm himself. To control the panic racing through him, and stared up at John completely helpless and in need.
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat. His body heat rising still, yet when John collapsed on top of him, Sherlock embraced him tightly. He took in more heat from his alpha and shuddered against him as he came, ropes and ropes of cum splattering between their stomachs and further soaking Sherlock's body. Sherlock huffed a gust of moist air across the curve of John’s neck. Kneading John’s strained shoulders and back, Sherlock smiled when John nuzzled the hair behind his ear. Sherlock let John lay against him, it was a pleasant comfort in the fog of his heat, whimpering softly as he felt the familiar fullness of compacting sperm filling him to the brink, and still John was coming. There was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind he’d been impregnated. John was virile and Sherlock was an omega. Omegas were well known for being fertile and soon after he’d stopped taking suppressants he’d seen his physician to test his fertility. He had been reassured by his doctor that he was more than able to produce a healthy litter.
“Still, it’s too cruel. You’re an omega; so many alphas would willingly stay faithful if they were bound to an omega. What can a beta give that an omega can’t give more of? You’re better than any beta. You’re an omega for Christ’s sake!”
Sherlock would have laughed if not for the desperation in John’s voice and the gleam in his dark eyes. John needed him, but Sherlock was still unsure how to respond. He’d never had sex with anyone else but John, and the memories of the time spent together was a jumbled mess. For one reason or another he’d chosen to block out parts of their copulations.
John whimpered again, less needing and in pain; that struck Sherlock deep in the heart. John broke the kiss immediately and drew back.
The blood slowly left John's face. His hands grew weak, trembling. Unable to hold the papers in hand any longer, he watched them float to the ground.
Arousal kindled, his cock throbbing and highly sensitive. When John shifted slightly in the bed, his cock jolted from the tight confinements of his pants and his ass cheeks slid against each other wetly. John moaned a mixture of pleasure and pain. Even such a little friction as that was still felt too much to withstand, and yet his anal hole needed more.
"I'm going to fuck you so good for our viewers next time." Sherlock promised, pressing his lips to John's forehead in a kind kiss as the alpha whimpered in weak protest.
.” Sherlock gasped the moment John’s coarse fingers brushed over his pale pink nipples, flicking and pinching each of them to hardness.
“No, I’m coming in.” John didn’t care for Sherlock’s protection. Sherlock was everything to John and he’d never leave his side.
Sherlock blanched. He could deny it, but it would be for nothing. Mycroft didn't phrase it as a question. It was a statement of truth that he believed strongly.
"Excuse me, can I help you sir?" one of the female workers asked as she approached him with a smile.
, knot you full. Breed you so well.” Sherlock bleated pitifully, arms wrapping around John’s back, pulling him in a tight embrace.
." John cut in quickly, averting his eyes when he'd realized he'd spoken more commandingly than he'd meant to. Swallowing audibly, John attempted to mend his roughness, "I... I don't think that would be the best idea. I've already assured my omega of that."
John said nothing; he couldn’t seem to muster up the courage to say anything. Closing the front door behind him, John leaned on it for support and watched as Sherlock bowed his head once more and proceeded to adjust the knobs of the microscope.
The alpha rumbled in approval and silently followed the omega’s actions, removing his clothing with less care than the omega had. Once the alpha was bare, John lowered his gaze to the alpha’s cock. Everyone knew an alpha’s cock was bigger than a beta’s and omega’s, but he never realized it would be
As usual, Sherlock moved to lay himself in the middle of the bed, supine, pushed the comforter down to his hips, and shut his eyes in preparation of what was to come. John's hand pressed over his stomach a moment later and stroked over the cotton of his plain gray shirt.
Harry sent off another wave of alpha pheromones and it did much the same as his father’s had. As John sat between his father and sister, he listened to his family talk about everything but what was most paining John’s heart, and he was grateful for this.
him to save his sister's life - from what, he wasn't sure. Mycroft had deceived Sherlock into believing John found him through the matchmaking service. John had deceived him with his false love. Mycroft's lie was to save Sherlock's life. John's lie was to save his sister's life.
"John." Sherlock whispered, partly wishing to wake the slumbering alpha, though another part fearfully wished he remained sleeping.
“I wish I could do something. Give you back what we’ve lost. I’d give you my blood and tears if it would make you right somehow.”
John followed after him, tightening the robe subconsciously when Sherlock opened the door and in bustled Mrs. Hudson, carrying several shopping bags in hand.
Sherlock understood their marriage wasn’t particularly conventional and he could understand if John wasn’t close to his sister why he hadn’t told her about their marriage.
Who the hell did this woman think she was, to flirt with his husband, to make Sherlock mourn for her, and then come to him for help?
Forcing himself to sit upright, Sherlock found the person next to him was an omega, one who daringly offered him a handkerchief to press against a gash to his head on the upper left side of his hairline.
Held within Sherlock's hand was a small yellow and black striped bumble bee onesie with a black stinger sewn at the back side of it.
“Sherlock.” John whimpered, his own arms moving to wrap around the alpha he loved as he buried his face against his neck. “I’m sorry.”
“My mother will be in touch and you will undoubtedly be invited for dinner to meet the family and Sherlock. I will arrange the marriage to be preformed the day after and ensure Harriet get’s her liver as soon as the marriage is legalized.” Mycroft said and turned to leave, but came to a sudden stop and turned back to meet John’s stare once more.
“I am breathing!” Sherlock sniped and Mycroft smirked knowingly, raising a hand to clasp a comforting hold of the lanky man’s shoulder.
"I forgive you," John said, meeting Sherlock's gaze again, saying what he knew Sherlock now understood, "but, I... I can't do this."
“I wouldn’t mind it being of that nature, so long as I’ve had more of a warning.” Sherlock’s voice was filled with amusement. “Come in.”
"I'm telling you, I love you. There were lies, I know, but they never influenced my heart. My heart that has always and will forever be just yours, as well as my body and soul."
"Touch yourself, soldier. Jerk yourself off like a little bitch desperate for release." Sherlock cooed softly, almost lovingly.
When Sherlock played the violin John would watch him from afar. His eyes burning with lust, for the need to be that violin and have Sherlock’s delicately slender fingers twiddle with his body, making him strum out noises of pure enjoyment. John would wander closer to the alpha, until he stood mere inches from him and Sherlock would meet his gaze, still playing, but he’d smile contentedly, as if this was all he needed. As if 221B was their home, the violin their music, and John was his forever. John’s heart would throb and he’d feel great woe, knowing this would not last, that Sherlock had chosen an omega and that soon, this home would be his home no longer. Sherlock’s music would be for another’s ears... Sherlock’s attentions would be for the omega...
“Would you like to join me?” Sherlock asked, surprising John as Sherlock hadn’t verbally asked him to join him on a case in so long.
John was losing Sherlock. Sherlock’s attention was directed to another, a beta, and it was heart wrenching. Sherlock, for all his intelligence, couldn’t see John’s pain, couldn’t see John’s love. John wanted to scream. He wanted to punch Sherlock in the face again. He wanted to demand Sherlock remember him, remember the love he’d once possessed, and drop the case, forget about Irene Adler and never mention her name again. John couldn’t do any of these things because he’d lost his right.
, but he chose not to speak, because he knew if he even attempted to, he'd give way to sentiment. He was just a fraction away from bursting and he didn't want to give John the satisfaction of seeing just how emotional he could make him.
John said nothing. All he could do was stare in agony as his alpha spun and quickly moved towards the jet. He was going God knows where and he wouldn't be coming back. John had lost his last chance to try and make things right.
"You imbecile!" Sherlock cursed and swiped a trembling hand over the kitchen counter, knocking off the toaster and enjoying the sight of it breaking to pieces.
in your scent so quickly and to such an extent. Then it was how sweet he smelled, no alpha or beta smells
Sherlock laughed, unamused at John's apology. "It's a little too late for that... Strip. Take off everything and then assume this position again." Sherlock ordered.
John was married, and he loved his mate, though Sherlock could be a right ass, and their marriage was more pretense than anything else. John was a faithful alpha submissive, and although he was flattered, he’d never accept anyone else.
"I was released, naturally." Sherlock snarled and angrily pulled back his scarf enough so to reveal the fresh bite mark.
John was trying to move on, trying to get over the sense of loss after Moriarty’s trial and unbelievable release. Sherlock, unlike himself, seemed to be handling it well—taking it as another puzzle to be solved, but John didn’t care to help him solve this one. It was too painful for John, but he trusted Sherlock when he promised they’d get Moriarty. John knew though Sherlock lost his love for him, he cared for John, he cared for their pups that had been stolen from them, and that his hate for Moriarty would push him to capture the insane criminal mastermind.
Sherlock was stuck at NSY station filling out paperwork for a case. The consultant had whined about it to John on the phone when the alpha called him to find out where he was. It wasn't usual for Sherlock to be out when John returned from work. Not since Sherlock was pregnant. The omega stayed home more often than not because of his pregnancy. The cases he went to solve lately weren't as dangerous, as John had asked  it of him. Just until Sherlock was physically fit to take on more dangerous ones. Right now, they had their pups to think about.
"Is that all? I thought alphas were stronger than this. Oh... Maybe you just lack what an alpha naturally has."
” (My betrothed.) Sherlock reassured himself and ignored that Mycroft wasn’t watching the game anymore, but keeping a close eye on Sherlock, worried he’d try and claim the eighteen year old omega on the field, in front of everyone.
Maybe he was mad. Heartache was a terrible sickness. He'd fallen, given to sentiment and it had destroyed the very man he'd been.
John turned away from the door and stared at the pure white tiled wall. He could refuse Sherlock’s attempt as soothing the tension. He could ask Sherlock to leave it in the living area of the bedroom. Or he could just simply ignore him, but that seemed harsh.
“Oh, dear, I hope you aren’t coming down with something. Maybe we should call the doctor over.” Mrs. Holmes suggested with concern.
People were dying and yet, Sherlock couldn't get at the criminal no matter how hard he tried. Having this Moriarty playing with his mind, using his skills to solve cases while suffering the pressure of knowing if he couldn't solve it in time it meant lives would be lost was driving Sherlock mad.
"Shut up! I don't care." Sherlock backtracked in his demands, because he wasn't sure he wanted to know. He already had his ideas about what that conversation had been like and he didn't like it one bit.
Opening his eyes, he found his sister’s soft blue staring with panic down at him, her claws embedded deep into his arm. John blinked several more times, coming to realize that the car engine was off and Harry was seated awkwardly between the passenger seat and his own.
Sherlock had stuttered. Sherlock hardly ever stuttered. He’d only stuttered a few times and that was when it was in regards to John. Sherlock never seemed so unsure of himself or nervous, but before Irene Adler, Sherlock was different. Different in a way he’d never been with anyone else.
Sherlock's eyes widened when the massive cock gave a jolt, a fresh glop of pre-cum leaking out. This wasn't going to work. It couldn't possibly fit. Sherlock inwardly flinched away at the thought of their joining. John was going to tear apart his entrance.
"I'm leaving London. Just... just for a while. I'll come back when... when I'm sure I can love you in the way you deserve."
“When he was dying, he was always cheerful, he was lovely. Except when he thought no one could see. I saw him once. He looked sad.”
. Nothing worked. Nothing would ever work until John was ready to accept him and so Sherlock came to the pained realization that there was nothing left for him to do.
The coarseness of John's pubic hair brushing and tickling his sensitive skin at every downward motion of his hip. His fingers smoothed over the alpha's chest hair, fondly petting it, never breaking eye contact with a flushed faced John. It felt good. Really good.
Sherlock smiled back, nodded shyly and the two finally mustered up the courage to enter one of the many baby stores they’d walked passed. Not a moment after they entered the shop did a petite young woman step over to them.
Sherlock inhaled sharply through flared nostrils, inhaling more of John’s arousal, driving Sherlock mad with want.
"Mycroft, stop this! I've accepted dying! I don't want him. How can you allow me to become a second?" Sherlock pleaded despairingly, unable to stop his tears from breaking free as the alpha's breath brushed against his scent gland and the alpha inhaled sharply of his scent.
John wasn't taking those few inches separating them, because he wasn't going to steal Sherlock's right. It was Sherlock's decision on whether they take that step. He wasn't going to move this relationship any further than Sherlock was ready for.
The view was amazing as it looked out the three visage points of the yard and outer lands. The full moon shone brightly through and casted a blue glow outside.
“John.” Sherlock praised, rocking his hips in his seat as a warm hand slipped through the opening of his boxer-briefs and took hold of his swollen cock.
“I might place hidden surveillance on someone, but I’m not a depraved pervert. I saw enough,” Mycroft snarled and spun on his heel, exiting the elevator.
John’s eyes voicelessly pled with Dr. Levy to change her diagnosis, to tell him lies. John needed her to lie to him. To tell him he was okay. He was still highly fertile. That when he was ready he could try again, and have the large family he’d dreamed of having. He couldn’t live with the memory of how he’d failed. At least if he knew there was a possibility for a future where he could have children… At least then he knew he could love them, love them seven times more for the ones he’d lost.
“This… This is my fault.” John whimpered, palming his shut eyes, because though he tried not to, the tears were rushing out of his sealed lids.
"I don't. Sherlock, I never thought of Victor as more than a friend. I love you. I want you. You, the mother of my pups, I want you."
"Give it all to me." Sherlock's breath ghosted over John's lips, his eyes soft, open, and something twisted within John, and suddenly Sherlock's muscles clamped around John's cock, holding tight, seeming to want to milk him.
Bowing his head in shame, Sherlock couldn't fault John. His alpha had a big heart and only ever wished to comfort others. That's why he was such a good doctor, friend, and mate.
Secretly, John liked how Sherlock touched and spoke to him within his act, but another part of him couldn't fully enjoy it knowing it was a lie.
“You want to apologize, seek my forgiveness only so you have a load off your shoulders, but I won’t let you off that easily. I refuse to make you feel better when I’m hurting because you put me here!” John yelled full of contempt, the soft whine of his omega grieving bled out of him and Sherlock’s face twisted, pained by the pitiful noise.
“Um. Hm.” John swallowed back the tears, the whimper that wanted to be released, and the pain of knowing he’d failed.
Mycroft had been pleasantly amused when an agent sent him a file that detailed how Gigi stopped her car in the middle of traffic to help a hurt dog laying in the road who’d been hit by another car. She’d immediately taken the dog to a local animal hospital. Though the dog wasn’t hers, she’d taken responsibility for it, paying for its surgery and adopting it.
Anderson and Sally, John disliked, strongly. They were rude and arrogant - the same could be said about Sherlock, but they did so out of spite and jealousy. Sherlock could be rude and arrogant, but only to the people that deserved it. John knew he deserved it just as much as any of Sherlock's foes. He'd done much against his omega.
His mind palace no longer felt like a safe place, more like a taunting reminder that there was something within that was hidden even from him. That didn’t make sense, because it was
There was also the matter of John’s decision to never go back to the way things had been before Sherlock deleted their love. John truly was ready to love and he didn’t feel as scared expressing his love for Sherlock. John had been practicing confessing and the confessions were coming easily and were heartfelt. John didn’t feel the need to hide his feelings any longer, only he wanted his confession to mean something. He was ready. He was sure of it. When the time presented itself, when he felt Sherlock was ready for his confession he’d finally say it, and hopefully it would lead to the development of trust and deepening of their bonds. Hopefully with his expression of love Sherlock would open himself to the idea of loving John in return. If Sherlock somehow fell back in love with him, John would cherish Sherlock for the rest of his life. He’d never take Sherlock for granted again. Never again would he hurt Sherlock. John would rather die than hurt Sherlock again.
Not a moment later did Sherlock roll over to face John’s back and long arms wrapped around his waist, tugging him back and into the middle of the bed.
“Nothing really, or I think it’s nothing. Just… He talks out loud. Not like he never does that, but I don’t know. It’s like he’s talking to someone and not himself.”
” Sherlock’s voice was sharp like a blade, digging deeper into John’s constricting heart. “So long I’ve waited and worked, John. So hard have I struggled to appease you, to comfort you, to love you, but…” Sherlock’s words faded to nothing as cool blue lowered to stare at the table dividing them and pain flashed in the alpha’s features before it quickly vanished, almost as if it never existed.
Leaning down and pressing his forehead against the alpha's, Sherlock shut his eyes and inhaled a deep breath of the alpha's scent. Sherlock took pleasure in his alpha's scent, but not in the way it would seem. John smelled of pure alpha, but beyond that first hit of his scent was the undeniable acidic fear that overwhelmed him.
Sherlock rose from the hospital bed soon after the doctor left the room. He finally knew that his heart was undoubtedly healthy. Still... He felt weary at the realization of what this pain could be.
mean everything to me.” Sherlock repeated and John could hear the sincerity of his words, though he wished he didn’t.
John could yell at the omega. Tell him he had no right to barge into his home and make himself comfortable as if he was welcome, but John didn't. He'd wronged this omega greatly. Caused the man much grief and pain.
“Uh…” John was seriously at a loss. How could a ragged towel mean so much to Sherlock that he’d retrieve it from a bin?
Sherlock closed his eyes, and focused on calming his erratic breathing, ignoring the pain in his chest, and the way his eyes stung. Though he wished to think about anything else, images of Lestrade touching John kept making their way into his mind.
Irene Adler disturbed John more and more; because the more the two spoke the more it was apparent they were similar. Both were highly observant, capable of reading someone’s inner most secrets in mere minutes, manipulative, intelligent, and used to getting their way.
Sherlock wordlessly forked a piece of his own cake and offered it up to the alpha. Watching calculatingly as John stared at his raised fork, then met his gaze, holding it as he took the mouthful of cake. The flash of a pink tongue swiped the bottom of the fork and flicked up at the end, jerking Sherlock’s hand slightly.
There was the painful over sensitized post-orgasm feeling, but Sherlock still wanted more. He needed his alpha. John was so stiff with the want of him and was swelling with the copious amount of seed that would pulverize his eggs with viable sperm. There were multiple eggs within him and Sherlock didn't want to stop until John had fertilized every last one of the eggs he'd produced this heat cycle.
John sighed shakily, nodding his head appreciatively, and buried his nose under Sherlock’s collar, nose brushing along the warm flesh of the alpha, John inhaled deeply of Sherlock.
John leaned against the door frame of the kitchen and swallowed audibly, scanning over Sherlock’s form.
"Never. I won't forgive you. You wish for me to be your second?! I'll kill myself before I let you bed me. I will!" Sherlock vowed.
Mycroft strode through the quiet halls of the hospital, his stride swift, his mind spinning with worrying thoughts.
“Well now, the tour, yes?” Mycroft suggested, infuriating smirk still ever present as he rose from his chair.
"Shut up! You don't get to talk. You don't get to lie some more. Why'd you do it? Why did you do this to me?" Victor furiously wiped his tears from his eyes, but it was hopeless, more came, quicker still.
John glared at Mycroft. He would never like him, no matter if he saved his sister’s life. Mycroft was a self entitled ponce. John prayed his intended wasn’t like Mycroft. If his intended proved to be the complete opposite of Mycroft, it would be a blessing.
After long moments, Sherlock released his hold on the horse’s rein, and walked calmly at John’s side.
.” John whispered to himself bowing his head low and pressing it to the cool table of the kitchen. His shoulders shook with the voiceless sobs as he wrapped his arms around his head and gave in fully to misery.
Sea green eyes, so beautiful, nothing could possibly compare in shade. So wonderfully ethereal and enchanting; they’d cast their spell long ago, during the first meeting in that lab.
Sherlock pulled back from John, shock written on his face as he stared with disbelief at the man below him. John didn’t care. He needed. His omega needed. Letting out a huff resembling a bark of laughter, Sherlock shrugged off his coat and tossed it over the side of the bed. John smiled amused and with less care jerked clenched fists, shredding Sherlock’s shirt and sending buttons flying all over the place.
John’s hand would rise and press against Sherlock’s, stilling the music that was suddenly unbearable to listen to. Sherlock would pull the violin away from his shoulder and John would wrap his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and kiss him, full of need, and yearn for more. Sherlock would set his violin and bow down on whatever was near and then John would moan, delighted when Sherlock held him so tightly. They’d kiss their way to the sofa, down to the floor, or to Sherlock’s room. Then Sherlock would debauch John with his hands, his mouth and his knot, until John was whimpering in the alpha’s arms, taking his knot though his beta body protested against the painful stretch of it each and every time. John wasn’t an omega. His body wasn’t made to take an alpha’s knot. Knotting was between an alpha and an omega, it was of a bond between the two that a beta could never experience, but still Sherlock defied the rules of such and during this time, John liked to allow himself to believe it was because Sherlock loved him, that he had chosen John as his bond mate.
, Sherlock loved John completely. He just needed to be patient and wait for the right time to confess. The one thing he couldn’t risk was overwhelming John.
John raised a hand out and palmed Sherlock’s cheek, thumb gliding over Sherlock’s lips. John was taken aback when a tongue darted out and swiped the pad of his thumb, before nipping at the tip, light and playful.
Sherlock didn’t tell John to stop again, nor did he say he didn’t like it, so John wouldn’t stop. It was nice teasing Sherlock after the alpha had his fun with him the day after his drunken antics. John wanted to tease Sherlock just a bit more, enjoying the heat of Sherlock’s blush that spread down his neck.
John hesitated, conflicted, staring between the scowling Sherlock and smirking Mycroft. A large hand encased his arm causing John’s gaze to break away from Mycroft and directed his attention to Sherlock.
“John.” Sherlock endeavored to make things right, a hand pressed against his shoulder then and John shrugged it off angrily.
“No need to worry about that. You fit his description rather perfectly. It almost seems predestined.” Mycroft simpered uncharacteristically.
When the news broke out that Sherlock and John had secretly bonded to each other, it had gone almost all according to plan. The swarm of paparazzi bordered their flat and followed them everywhere, until they'd finally chosen a well-known and popular news station and done their interview with a respected reporter. They answered all the questions they viewed prevalent and deserving of an answer and Sherlock quickly and rather wittily shot down any question undeserving. Sherlock did most of the talking and John answered when needed, but otherwise thought it best Sherlock address the reporter. He was so much better at this.
Pacing the floor of the living room, Sherlock carded his fingers through his hair and strived to find another solution.
Now more than ever, John wished he'd done things differently. So many things he'd done wrong. So many times he'd attacked his mate. His tender, loving mate who opened his heart willingly to him. Allowing the omega to do with it as he willed, and so many of those times John had crushed it.
John set his glass down on a nearby table stand before breaking their distance. He wasn't sure why, but the way John looked at him made Sherlock's face warm and he glanced down at his hands. John sat next to Sherlock, their thighs and legs pressed tightly against each other, and brought with him a gust of his scent that overwhelmed Sherlock. John's scent made his stomach knot and flutter all at once and gosh, why was John so handsy?
John could still recall how dotingly their last go of it had been. It was slow, tender and soft. Sherlock kissed John with all the care he possessed and that was surprisingly a whole lot more than John ever believed Sherlock had. After, Sherlock held John so tightly to him and slept with his face buried in John’s neck, scenting him even after he’d drifted off to sleep. John didn’t understand it then, but he soon realized what had bothered Sherlock so much the next day.
Sherlock’s voice had turned hoarse. John saw the sorrow in Sherlock’s eyes and he wanted nothing more than to comfort him, to rid Sherlock of the pain of unrequited love, because he knew firsthand the damage it could cause on the heart.
Mycroft leaned forward against the desk, clasping his hands together, attempting to read John's thoughts.
Mrs. Holmes had been agonizing over her son Sherlock’s need for seclusion and thus living a very lonely life. He wasn’t all that social. No matter how much Mrs. Holmes tried to introduce Sherlock to potential bond mates, he’d always evaded her attempts. As Mrs. Holmes continued to tell John about the countless efforts she’d made to find him a mate, John felt all the more sorry for this Sherlock. If he had a mother like Mrs. Holmes, John was sure he’d have gone bald from pulling his hair out.
“Morning, Sherlock.” John greeted, quickly moving to meet Sherlock with a brief hug and a chaste kiss.
When John sat beside him, Sherlock made it a point to keep his distance. John feared him. It would be best this way.
“It’s fine mother. Let Sherlock go home and brood. Sherlock, there is a car waiting to take you back to the city.”
, he went, pushing the air out of Sherlock's lungs, causing his muscles to tremble with the pulses of desire and bliss that filled him in all the right ways he needed to be filled.
When John made his way to Sherlock moments later, holding a vibrant purple gift bag with pink tissue paper sticking out of the opening of it, Sherlock had yet to notice him.
“How could I when you so clearly hated me. You thought me an animal. You hated me because I was an alpha. You rejected every advance I made. You were cruel and distant. How could I tell you, John? How?”
Sherlock wasn’t sure how long it was, but finally John was sliding off the stool at the bar and turning to them. His features remained impassive as not to disturb his omega. How embarrassing this was for him. Sherlock, a man who prided himself on being so perceptive, hadn’t calculated that his omega would completely reject him.
“Okay. I’ll be in the living area if you need me.” Mrs. Hudson voiced before leaving the room, giving John privacy, shutting the door quietly behind her.
be enough for you.” Sherlock dropped his hand limply at his side, icy blue eyes hardening, glaring at John.
Sherlock, however, was an alpha. He must have had other lovers… How many did he truly love? That towel, was it a parting gift from a beta? It looked old…and Sherlock
John gripped the back of Sherlock’s cotton shirt, never wanting to let go, never wanting to part from the alpha that possessed his whole heart.
Mrs. Hudson’s eyes were wild, shined in the light, and her features were set in with worry as she wavered out, “Sherlock, what have you done?”
They were quickly led to a room and there, and only there did Sherlock finally speak, directing his words to the nurse.
“Sherlock… You are a kind, wonderful alpha and I—” John’s voice was hoarse as he struggled to voice his confession.
Sherlock's eyes slowly opened and he stared at the dull glow of blond hair lit by the city lights seeping past the bedroom window. He knew how crazy it sounded, but it truly sounded like the alpha was asking him... out on a date.
.” Sherlock began, biting into his bottom lip, glancing down to where John’s hand cupped a firm hold of the throbbing cock, before meeting John’s stare.
“Drinking tea.” John grinned pleasantly and playfully scooted closer, face inches from Sherlock’s. He cupped his tea cup in both hands, and never breaking eye contact with Sherlock, John raised his tea cup higher, eye level to Sherlock as a motion to encourage he drink his own cup.
John visibly flinched when he threw his fork to the plate, but the look of apprehension that filled those dark eyes after his command brought with it sense of caution he had never felt in regards to the alpha.
“I don’t know. He called. I’m not sure he’s in the country or if he’s traveling here, but he had my phone number.” John spoke shakily.
"Shut up." Sherlock pinched the skin near John's rib in retaliation and the alpha chuckled softly before amending.
What did Sherlock have? What did Sherlock get out of all this? Nothing but heartache. Nothing but feelings of inadequacies because John's first was fertile unlike himself. Nothing but a mate that wanted him to overlook every transgression the alpha had committed against him.
Sherlock’s head shot up, grief-stricken blue filling with relief at the sight of a conscious John. Sherlock stood from the sofa and hastily made his way to stand at John’s bedside.
John exhaled erratically, enjoying the coolness of the towel and hummed a ‘thank you’ before Mrs. Hudson was off again. She returned soon with another wet towel and used it to wipe away the sweat layering his face and neck. Every once in a while she’d feel at his pulse, reassuring herself his heart rate wasn’t in the danger zone. She then retrieved a cold glass of water with a straw and helped John drink two glasses before seating herself near his side, and watching over him as he drifted off to sleep.
“Why didn’t you mount me?” Sherlock asked, trying to hide the sense of rejection eating away at him, his hole contracting on nothing, needing, and slick sliding hotly down the sheets soaking it in his want. It was a painful reminder his alpha hadn’t claimed him yet.
Sherlock gave a shrug as nonchalantly as he could muster.  “I just thought that you might want that, with me.  I could probably do that.”
“Molly Hooper happened,” Sherlock scoffed as if the name was venom as he leaned forward once more onto the exam table.
“Normally, yes, that is where I do work … but, you see … it would seem that … Istanbul has received a gracious gift of an ultrasound machine but they have nobody who knows how to operate the machine.  Dr. Rowandunshtein …”
Sherlock didn’t waste time with “I told you.”  Instead he pushed them out of the way and had his first look at John’s erect cock.  He gasped and then wrapped his fingers around it.  John waited patiently as his lover took a moment to explore John.  Sherlock looked sort of like he was picking out fruit, prodding and feeling the weight of it in his hand, squeezing it a bit taking John’s breath away.
“Shh shh Love, I’m going to make you feel so good, Sherlock.”  John moved over to the side and tapped Sherlock’s hip.  “Roll over form me again, babe.  Flat on your back.”
Cold?  No shit!  Ugh, god.  I felt him moving behind me, lining his cock up.  Blunt pressure.  Fuck, that cannot be right.  “Ow…no.”  Pop.  “No, NONONONONONO.  Sherlock it isn’t …..”  I had to get away.  I lurched forward removing him from me.  A firm grasp at my hip stopped me from escaping from his bed.
“No, I don’t think it is,” John remained calm and assuring.  It wouldn’t help to send Sherlock into panic.  He began pulling at Sherlock’s shoes and stripping him from the waist down.  He then took a blanket from the back of the sofa covering his legs.  Lestrade returned with the equipment and John was able to assess the extent of the damage without all of the blood obstructing his view.  “How long was the blade?”  He asked Lestrade as he pulled on a pair of exam gloves, but Sherlock answered him instead.
John chuckled.  “I meant your bollocks, Sherlock.  Did the solution creep up any further … under,” John finished with a cupping motion of his hand.
“Opportune?” Mark, or was it Mike (Sherlock didn’t know or care) “Don’t be daft.  You’re just nervous.  You said you hadn’t done this in a while. Take a deep breath and stop thinking so much.”  Sherlock bucked his hips to dislodge the guy but that obviously just made the bigger man angry.  Sherlock was manhandled onto his stomach in a moment and completely pinned to the mattress.
“Hmmm, from where was it taken?”  John put the gown back in place then placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and one on his hip, encouraging him silently to turn onto his side, facing away from John.
“There you go.”  He pushed himself inside me in one long, slow, gentle push.  “I’m inside you, John.”  He grinded his cock inside my ass as if I needed a better demonstration.  “Fucking amazing, John.”  His hands are all over me, holding me to him.  He doesn’t move, not yet.
Sherlock nodded shortly and returned to the exact same position he was in before he picked up his coat, patting the well-developed pectoral muscles once more.  “I believe this is where we started.”
John nodded.  He grabbed a sample cup from a nearby countertop and pointed toward the attached bathroom.  “Fill it up then.”
It did not take much detective work to figure out by John’s wardrobe that he had no intention of going out with Lastrade to the pub when he left this evening.  Even though John had changed the password on his laptop once more, again that was quick work to decode and then to find his browser history.  A list of clubs frequented by London’s gay population popped up as well as several business sites from the actual clubs themselves.  It was easy to pinpoint which John would go to considering his apparent objective; first-time gay sex.  Afterall, it was not the dancing that brought him here.
This, he knew, was not easy on John.  Sure they pretended nothing was amiss.  There were no more conversations after that night.  Sherlock paid special attention to John that day.  Made him lunch, took a walk in the park together.  He and John had dinner together, just like they always did.  John made something with chicken and peas.  It was delightful.  Their friendship had felt so strained over the last few months and now, this.  It was shameful to subject John to such cruelty.  But what was he to do?  Selfishly, he couldn’t live without John and John seemed fit to stay at his side despite it all.
Sherlock brushed his lips against the skin that was immediately available to him at his shoulder.  John was perfect.  Sherlock bit his own lip and waited for John to pull away, tell him it was a bad idea.  He waited and then, it didn’t happen.  John let him lay there next to him, moving his lips against John’s shoulder and rest his leg on John’s thigh.  The warmth in his belly gained momentum and the distracting smells and noises became quiet.  Sherlock pulled his own elbow up underneath him a bit and was able to reach John’s jaw and neck and ear.  He kissed him tentatively, nipping at skin and breathing in pure concentrated John and it was glorious.  To his surprise, John kissed him back.  Sherlock knew John was a true friend, but to prove it like this … he didn’t know if he could ever repay this favor, or even If he should actually accept it in the first place.
“Mumford is a wanker.  I hadn’t realized I was not the only one who knew that until there at the end and by then ..eh …”
“Yes, well, you don’t look like you’re Haitian or Dominican so, I figured nobody really knows a lot about people from Istanbul so …”
He went to peel his own vest off but remembered his scars and didn’t.  He suddenly craved to be skin to skin with John then laid himself down on top of him.  Wanting more friction, he brought John’s knees up and around him by spreading his own between John’s legs.  The thin layer of pajamas was too much of a barrier and Sherlock raised himself up long enough to push them down past his knees then squirmed out of them.  Cock against naked cock was glorious.  So glorious.  The friction was amazing.  More, he needed more.  Raising himself up, he traveled down John’s body, pulling his tongue against John’s skin the entire way down to his cock where he put his nose right there at the crease of John’s groin and breathed in deeply.
“Yes, while you were hopped up on adrenaline it was fine.  I noticed you limping a bit though on the way in.  I’ll just have a quick look.  Make sure it’s okay.”
“No gown.  I allowed your boxers which are, frankly, ridiculous.  Why would anyone choose to wear an undergarment with so much extra room made of starched cotton material with absolutely no elastic properties whatsoever?  They bunch up under your trousers and do not allow any support at all to your penis and testicles.”
Reluctantly, Sherlock nodded.  “Yes.  I know that I have proven that I am able to hold my own in physical altercations, I did try to loosen his grip, but I’m afraid he had the upper hand … as it were … I should have done …”
John nodded.  He sat back down slowly.  “So you have PTSD.  Oh my God, Sherlock, you …,”  he pinched the bridge of his nose, “you didn’t want to take on that serial rapist case last week.  I was so mad you wouldn’t help.  You did it even though … fucking Christ!  You had a flashback that day.  You said you’d fell and got winded when Greg and I caught up with you, but that wasn’t it was it?”
John shook his head.  The voice.  That beautiful, baritone voice.  He may as well be humming against his balls for all the effect just hearing it caused.  “Sherlock … please.  I can’t …”
John smirked and blushed, a pink hue forming at the tips of his ears and his cheeks.  “No.  I’m fine.  You buggered me good, but no, Sherlock you didn’t hurt me.”
Sherlock released his hold and began taking off his scarf and coat.  “Istanbul has a state-of-the-art medical community with many private hospitals and world-renowned physicians.  It’s hardly a third-world rated country at all.”
When John got to the underpants, he kissed the spot where that glorious line of hair disappeared and looked up at Sherlock seeking permission.  When Sherlock nodded, John hooked his thumbs into the waistband of the posh, silky briefs and dragged them down and off.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut for a moment.  He could, he was sure, spin some lie and sweep everything under the rug, all status quo and dandy again for the inhabitants of Baker Street, but he was sure John new something was amiss.  John worked with him, knew him and knew how strange he’d been acting recently at crime scenes.  He was concocting some convoluted story in his head, rapid speed, but then inhaled deeply and blurted, “PTSD”.
Sherlock sat between John’s knees and budged John’s wider.  He ran a finger along the underside of John’s entrance eliciting a sharp hiss.  “That hurt?”
“No, not this time.  Ten years ago, yes.”   Sherlock hissed as his cock became more engorged.  “I remember needing to come so badly it was painful but not wanting the pain that came with it until it progressed to complete dysfunction.  I could reach a peak but then not be able to go over the edge.”
Sherlock was somewhat nervous about the evening.  There was a possibility that he would still not be able to handle someone else touching him.  He thought back to the Mordecai/Mylo incident.  Being with a stranger was claustrophobic and prickly.  Despite his predicament and how steadfast he was in his intention, he had not been able to actually go through with it.  Those feelings of disgust might come back again.  This time, he knew he had to press on no matter what.  He hoped Mycroft had figured out that he did not want a man that was bigger than him or was imposing-looking.  Someone with a nice disposition, a warm smile, gentle.
John quietly grabbed the supplies from his pocket before he opened them.  He didn’t think he should talk about it or even talk Sherlock through it.  It somehow seemed like it would just add to the embarrassment, Sherlock might even feel humiliated if he gave voice to it.  John knew Sherlock was aware of exactly what John was going to do to treat the fever.  He also knew John had no other choice.  The fever had to come down.  John was careful to keep Sherlock covered, only exposing him briefly and minimally as possible.  He gave Sherlock’s hip a rub with his thumb in warning and Sherlock nodded slightly in acknowledgment.  Despite the fact that John used way too much lube, Sherlock still flinched making John feel like a cad when the suppository was placed.  He whispered, “I’m so sorry.” Before  he cleaned the goopy mess with the towel and covered Sherlock up tight.
“You’re mad because you’re embarrassed.  It’s understandable.  People don’t inherently find the subject easy to talk about.  I tossed the topic up in the air and it’s landed squarely on your head, I suppose.”
“Sherlock?”  John sat up and attempted to shake the fog from his brain.  “What are you doing down there?”
“Come in, Sherlock.  Have a seat.”  John ushered him foreword to sit on the side of John’s bed.  “Nothing big to start with, I’m just going to listen to your heart and your lungs.  Open your dressing gown and let it fall to your lap, please.”
Sherlock looked amazed at the site of the elongated tube being entirely doused with lubricant.  “Is that entire thing going inside of me?”
Sherlock looked like he was surprised when John showed up at the crime scene but treated him as he normally would at one.  They fell into exactly what they always had been and John didn’t address their personal issues.  It was too much for Sherlock to deal with when he also had to catch a psychopath rapist and murderer.  He didn’t want a moment of distraction.  John would be Sherlock’s partner/assistant and ‘conductor of light’ or whatever Sherlock needed until the case was complete.
“STOP!”  Mycroft sighed heavily, blinked slowly.  “Do NOT ask me this, Sherlock.  Don’t.”  Mycroft finally sat in his chair behind the grand oak desk and straightened out his waistcoat and then his jacket before taking a deliberate breath.  “Sherlock, I have done a great many things with the power that my position affords me.  Some things massively great in the grand scheme, some more mildly so but with consequences that begot larger, more influential results.  Some actions have occurred that are more trivial in nature but always with the best of intensions toward the greater good.  Always that thought in mind, Sherlock.  Always the greater good.”  He took a deep breath before continuing.  “This power that you know I have has started and won wars, saved entire political parties and races of people.  It has taken lives and stabilized whole economies all in the name of the greater good, God and country.  It is not often that I indulge my own selfish tendencies, but if there is one thing I am selfish about it’s that my power, my influence WILL  keep my family, YOU, safe.  If there is anyone who threatens that fact, the amount of devastation released upon that entity will be crippling.  You have no control over that fact.  I insist upon it, I absolutely demand it and it is not up to you.  Is that understood.”  That was not a question.
“You’ve seen mine, it’s only fair.  It’s actually not in the least fair.  As you’ve said, I’m naked.  The least …”
“I don’t need to have been.  You said stop.  He didn’t.  That is called rape, Sherlock.”  John sighed at his flatmate’s disapproval of the term.  “Why do you think him getting off is so much more important than you having a choice in participation?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock handed the cup back to John and grabbed the garments he would be going home in.  When he attempted to bend to put the trousers on, he hissed scratched his backside once more.
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John as requested, hooking his ankles together.  He gasped when John stood with him still attached.
“People care about you, Sherlock.  Could you imagine the kind of guilt Greg would feel if you had died at that crime scene?”
He’s so fucking incredible.  He’s so fucking mine!  I take a moment to think.  I’m not even disguising my voice really but I know he doesn’t know it’s me.   Moment of truth.  “John, let’s go home.”
When he was filing memories in his mind palace that night, he remembered that he had admitted out loud that he was, in fact, gay.  He’d never done that before.  He never thought he would.  Of course, Mycroft knew.  He’s always known but they’d never talked about it.  Why should they?  They never talked about personal matters.  John was someone that he had thought about telling.  In a previous life.  He had thought about it, fantasized, dreamed of taking their relationship to a different level.  He took a few moments to mourn the loss of what was supposed to be once more.
“Yes, poisoned.  I got that,” John spoke in soothing tones.  “Humor me though and take some deep, controlled breaths.”
Wisely, Sherlock backed off immediately.  He sat back on his haunches and looked up.  “So beautiful.  Look at you.  Completely debautched from armpit to ankles, cock leaking and wet wanting so desperately to be touched and needing so desperately for this to last.”
“I won’t be overly dramatic or sentimental.  You trust me.  It would just be what you needed it to be.  Nothing more.”
John acknowledged the fierce protectiveness he felt toward the man with his head in his lap.  He supposed he felt it from day one and had proved it with that bloody awful cabbie.  John sighed.  It was more than that though, he thought to himself.  Much more than simple protectiveness.
Sherlock had to admire the naked chest before him.  It was perfectly sculpted.  The man had obviously worked hard to attain it, a necessity for his job. He found himself comparing his experience with
“Yes, exactly.  It’ll need stitching, definitely, but no worries about major blood vessel or nerve damage.  It’s not deep enough for that.  You’ll be fine.”
“My research indicates that it is the optimal position for first-time penetration.  Well, me on top sitting astride you is supposedly the best position, but I don’t want to do that if you don’t mind.”  Sherlock was rambling.  “I did some research on condoms and I think I picked out the correct size for your …”
He did stop and turned toward me then.  “Data!  On me?”  He scrubbed a hand through his hair and blew out a frustrated breath.
“Don’t stand there gawking!  Do something!”  Sherlock insisted as he squirmed, apparently unable to keep still.
John looked wounded.  Just the thought cut him to the core.  “I know that.  I’ve already decided that.”  He didn’t know if he was trying to convince his patient or himself.  John removed his coat and then moved closer to his friend.  “I appreciate that you’ve probably got knowledge of the human, male anatomy burned into your brain as well as all differential diagnoses related to your symptoms and have already deduced exactly what is going on with your own body.  I don’t care.  As I’ve already told you, I’m going to be quite thorough.  There is no definitive diagnostic test to say whether you have prostatitis again or if this is something else that acts like it.   I will rule out everything else before I decide what you have.  There is no point of discussion on the matter.  This will be quite personal.  You will become embarrassed, hell, so will I probably.  You will probably even get pissed off at me, but I will do whatever I know that I need to do aside from referring you to someone else.  You wanted me as your physician, you got me, but we do this my way.”
The small voice, even now in the throws of heat cycle, warned him this wasn't right. It wasn't true and John tilted his head just so that Sherlock's lips connected to his jawline. It didn't seem to bother Sherlock, or maybe his mind was too focused on mating that he couldn't comprehend what the avoidance of kissing John exhibited meant.
“Mine.” John sighed an exceedingly long breath, and nuzzled the bond bite once there was no trace of blood left.
John had time; the press weren’t going to expose them as a couple and it wasn’t like they’d keep this secret their whole lives, just until John introduced Harry to Sherlock. After, John would convince Sherlock it was better they tell the press — that if someone were to ever leak they were married it would cause them as much hassle to fix it. John was sure Sherlock would eventually agree to such.
When the alpha offered a hand to help John up from the ground, he ignored the antagonism within demanding he reject the alpha’s kindness and took the offered assistance.
“Yes, John?” Sherlock asked kindly, inwardly proud of himself when seeing the hesitancy of the old John he knew well.
Mycroft waited several long minutes before the doctor came to see him within the physician’s office and there, the doctor explained what Mycroft feared. Another omega drop, worse than the first. John was currently being restrained to a bed, violent, and suffering from delusions. His heart was being put under great stress and the doctor thought it best that they sedate him for some time. The doctor assured Mycroft that he’d be the first to know how John took it.
