Castiel nodded sagely at his resolve once again being solidified, hopefully this will be permanent, unlike the others. He’d gotten distracted from his true purpose here, is all. He needed a new life, a new start. Maybe a beer wouldn’t be so bad, after all?
Pa followed after Uncle Bobby, leaning into ma and pressing a kiss to the top of her head. “Evening, Mary. Me n’ Bob here are just gonna start the grill in the back. Be quick with the food.” He smiled with his eyes, like he does a lot of the time, and followed uncle Bobby to the back door.
Dean felt betrayed at both his ‘babysitter’ and Sunday school teacher attacking him! Of course, they would. Any woman other than ma and Lis were out to ruin his life! Perhaps he should run away with them. Hopefully his new best friend, superhero guy, wouldn’t take his absence personally. Or maybe he’d like to come?
A smoky gray henley shirt clung greedily to his biceps, making them look round and firm with a youthful swell. Falling short to just below his navel, a sneak peek of his happy trail could be seen unmercilessly teasing the viewer with '
Meg’s left hip leaned against the edge of his desk, knocking over a few of the pencil holders he’d bought outside of town.
Sucking in a deep breath of refreshing air and waving Balthazar goodbye, he made his way over to the Winchester couple. Mary and John stood together near their Chevy Impala, arms linked while Mary rested her blonde head on John’s sharp shoulder.
Ma ended up agreeing with pa, saying that anyone could take and use his phone if he’d dropped it. Even though he doesn’t take his phone anywhere! He found that really dumb!
I'm so sorry for missing last week's chapter. I will never  e v e r  underestimate just how taxing it is to juggle both actual work and a fic again. Consistent fic writers are gods that must be worshiped!
wanted Lisa Braeden and all he could really think of was ‘wow. She picked me.’ but could you blame him? Lisa had big brown eyes and pretty long brown hair and really pretty clothes. She was really good at volleyball (not a kickball, though. That made Dean kinda sad) and a very fast runner.
Castiel hurriedly covered Zar’s mouth with his hand, the French man’s eyes widening in shock. A group of higher-ups passed them, taking the time to raise a few eyebrows and glare at them both. So much for making good impressions.
He’d have three best friends instead of just two! Benny and Charlie would wanna meet him too and he could show him really cool things! He wasn’t gonna be like the other babysitters, they could hang out and have so much fun!
And he heard keys at the door. They’re home? Already? What the fuck! Shit, he was hoping they’d be gone for maybe a minute longer. Castiel acted on impulse and stuffed the quilt into his shirt and rushed to the front door to greet his neighbors.
"Crush?! A crush? Who? I've got to know." A youthful glint materialized in Ruby's eyes, curiosity nibbling away at her state of calm. Or, considering who he's talking about, her state of fucking
Cas’ wee was a lot longer than Dean’s and it made Dean a little sad ‘cause he wants t’ be just like Cas.
“And have something for my ex lovers to key? No thank you, my friend.” said Zar, lifting his chin in the air, as if it was the most clever idea to have been hatched by a living man.
He reached out a hand for her to shake in hopes of forming a small alliance. Castiel could admit to being speechless, he was man enough to realize that this meeting was very important to him. This was, in a form of way, the ‘getting to know the parents’ stage without the parents or lover knowing of his courting intentions (There are none, hopefully). And yes, he realizes that shaking hands is a very formal approach, but actual human logic is long gone on Castiel. What is he to say in a situation similar to this!?
A small chuckle and a wide grin spread over his face, he had a really nice smile. “How’d you know? I thought.. I thought I was hiding so well. I should’ve known a superhero just like me would find out.”
He can’t wait to grow up so he can have longer fingers so he can really get a high score. Ma got the phone for him because there was a bad killer going around who stole kids and did weird things with them and then killed them. Ma didn’t tell him the killing part, but he watched the boring news and saw that. Dean tried to tell her that he didn’t need one because he isn’t like every other kid, but she wouldn’t listen to him. Plus, it's not like she was doing something bad anyways. He likes this phone, it's named after a fruit (he can’t remember what fruit though).
“My..wife’s quilt, she gave it to me when we’d first..met, and i accidentally..spilt semen, on it, and-” Castiel’s hands were spinning in the air, the gears in his head churning and turning with effort.
And jeans. Black, but darker than black. In no way were these pair acid wash, as the shade seemed to delve deeper into monochrome the longer one stared at them. An artistic rip (Zar had to explain that it was on purpose) lined the jagged knee cap area. Distress made to look natural, as if he's had this pair of jeans for years. Truly clever.
He can’t go to the front door, that would make him too exposed and someone might find him. He snuck around the side and dragged his hand over the yellow panels, looking for secret entrances. Dean nudged a window up and it..opened! He knew he’d find an opening! Slamming the window open (quietly, quietly) he snuck into the house and closed the window behind him. Yes!!
“Lisa Braeden is, and excuse my mouth, Mary, a fast little girl.” Lisa shook her head in disapproval and quirked her lips. “She will leave your boy’s heart in pieces, I tell you.”
“WOOH! WOOHOO! BYE-BYE, JOANNA! IT'S BEEN NICE!” wiggling his toes and swinging his hips, Dean was doing his happy dance! Everyone has a happy dance. It's just science.
Spinning around on his heel, Dean blinked up at Bella. She was always really pretty, with her long brown hair and thin eyebrows, but she was also really mean. She's friends with Josie and Lilith. Honestly, he isn’t even sure if mean girls can
Hopping into the leather backseat, warmed by the sun, he closed the door and nodded to his ma and pa. “All done.”
Clearly someone who takes scarring others very seriously. The mere concept of looking into the mirror, at his own reflection, in
“I don’t remember giving you a discount- if anything, I told you not to show up here again.” Linda’s scolding tone made Zar wilt. “I didn’t take you for the type to dislike
Hopefully Dean wouldn’t be home, and Mary would answer the door with directions. He couldn’t be distracted.
Castiel messily slid into his bungalow’s driveway, the usual stark yellow dimmed to a brownish mustard in the dark. The Kansas night breeze stood stale in his lungs as he rushed the woman to the front porch. Unlocking the door and roughly pulling her body in was almost too simple of a task.
“I may be, but at least I admit it! That woman- left here-” Castiel sharply turned left, onto a new street, “is in deep denial. She acts like she truly does not care, right turn.-” Annoyance began to prickle at Castiel’s nerves as he jerked the car to the right.
Dean stood wide-eyed, mouth gaping wide and ran to his mother’s side, hugging her side. “You okay, ma? Need any help, ma? I can help. I can make the boo go away, I can.”
Ms. Moore told Dean that Nick gets really really bad grades in god school and normal school because he's always busy being mean all the time. Good! That's what he gets! Lisa wouldn’t get with a dumb dumb like ‘Nickie-poo’ anyway.
Blonde eyebrow raised in challenge, Jess stood straight and stared down at Nick. “Now, is that anyway to speak to your superiors,
Fuck. Fuck he was screwed. He knew. He knew about the last week or two. John knows everything there is to know about Castiel Novak. He knows about the debate club he attended in highschool. He knows about Daphne’s accident. He knows about the faulty relationship he has with his parents.
Balthazar’s banter with Meg dissolved into harmless (was it really?) flirting that made the atmosphere spell suspiciously of sex. Sick of whatever mating dance these two were doing, Castiel stood in between them and dragged Zar, by his expensive blouse, towards the main elevator on their floor.
This time, his voice was really really rough, like he ate some rocks. Is that one of his powers? “Believe me, all the fun we would have would definitely leave you tired afterwards. I’ve got to..go. Would you happen to know where Missouri’s home is?”
"Cas uh..Novak. I don't know if he has a middle name like me, but uh..he's my totally normal friend! Not a superhero at all!! He's in the cool yellow house."
“Uh, yeah. Novak. Castiel Novak. Been trying to get a beer with him but he hardly leaves that shitty yellow house.”
Naw. Jo was real stuck up and full of herself. He feels kinda bad for given’ her leprechaun hair but thats what she gets for being his babysitter! He isn’t a baby and really doesn’t need one. Dean grabbed the Barbecue Lays (for the barbecue!! Its perfect) and ignored the Fritos. He didn’t like Fritos, like any other sane person on the face of this planet.
at those cookies." Damnit! He forgot about Charlie! Charlie, in all of her red headed glory, tapped her foot on the tiled floor and glared up at him.
Closing his eyes and allowing his shoulders to slump, he felt a slight buzz layer over his already relaxed thoughts. This was nice. He’d been worried about coming, feeling as though something terrible would happen. He has always had a gut feeling about certain things in the past, and they’d usually come true. Call it instincts, call it magic. Whatever.
He put the Sprite back and closed the fridge. He wasn’t all that hungry for a burrito but maybe later?
Pulling his batman underwear and the bad pants up his legs, he stepped on his short stool to wash his hands. Extra soap! Dean likes this soap. It smells like ma and ma smells good. He flushed the toilet and ran out the bathroom.
“Alright, alright. I’ll drop it, missy. But if you think I’m going to let that sort of language go on from now on, you are sorely mistaken!”
Dean stood up and looked at them both at the same time. “We can hang on Monday. The barbeque party is on Monday evening, okay? Evening is the time in between afternoon and night. I want you guys to come.”
A burglar!! It had to be a burglar! Did Jo leave the door open when she ran away? She left him vulnerable. Maybe he could use his powers..but they don’t work when he tries to summon them. He grabbed an umbrella from right next to the door entrance and slowly tiptoed towards the open door. It was kinda small and had pictures of the batman logo on it (it was dean’s) but it could do some damage with his super strength!
Frilly, ruffled dresses and flustered conversations of boys floats uninvited into Mary’s mind. A small smile lifted her gloss covered lips. She could’ve named her ‘Deana’ and have kept her skin moisturized. Perhaps an easy-bake oven and beautiful, bouncy bows would be in order as well. John practically raised Dean, forcing the ‘macho’ act on her sweet boy.
“Linda helped me out with my laundry problem. Mary helped me out with my laundry problem. You trashed my car.”
It is so crazy seeing all those comments and subscriptions! I wasn't expecting this story to get much attention at all (it is kinda on the risque side, if you haven't noticed) but I am efficiently flabbergasted! I love all of your comments and they motivate me to write like crazy.
Couldn't he stay here with his comfortable sheets and too-soft pillow? Would he be doomed to hell if he were to indulge? Daphne wouldn't advise it, though. She'd hop out of bed and chase the day down with excitement. With energy.
Sometimes he really does like being alone, like when he has all his fun shit. As Dean stepped into the passenger seat of the car and Jo stepped into the driver’s, he went through what all of that fun stuff was. His Playstation, legos, toy army men, his swing set in the backyard, and sometimes, especially when nobody’s home, Dean likes to dress up.
“Cassie! I’ll have you know that Mrs. Tran at the local laundromat has given me a discount after having used all of her machines.”
He knows a thing or two about BDSM and he had a few enjoyments in college, but Daphne was a bit of a prude who couldn’t orgasm more than once a day.
to wear " Zar dusted off the proverbial 'dust' on his pants and turned to the door, marching forward. "I will not let my best friend look like a constipated ELD teacher for much too longer." Best friend? Where did that come from? Instead of mentioning the endearment, Castiel smiled, feeling somewhat welcome into the cul de sac thanks to Zar's antics.
He hadn’t even sneaked a peek of Dean in the undergarment and Castiel couldn’t control himself. Being able to show any type of self restraint after seeing Dean? Naked? Shapely bubble butt making the tight cloth of panties cling on for dear life?
Mouth stained with red dye and debris tangled in his previously neat gel-spiked hair, the sight of her only child in such disarray nearly sent Mary into cardiac arrest.
“Good boy.” What? Good.. Good boy? His whole body got tingly and kind warm and his legs squeezed together a little. He’d never been called that. Just a bunch of weird names from ma and a nice nod from pa every once in a while but never.. Never
“Maybe? Maybe?! Now I’ve got to watch some kid I don’t even know for god knows how long!” Castiel was leaving out some seriously important details about his and Dean’s friendship, but he was dead set on juicing out as much guilt as he could from his French friend for as long as possible. Call him ruthless, Castiel doesn’t care.
“It's supposed to be something like a prom. He’s taking Lisa Braeden.” Mary shrugged her shoulders and sighed.
Even though Dean was thinking in his mind thoughts, he looked back downstairs to see if his ma was gonna punish him for saying the F word. She said not to say it because it's a really bad word and that Satan will eat him if he says it.
“You listen to me, young man. I may not be as strict as your father but I will not tolerate your making us late on god’s day! Inside, I’ve got to get a good look at you and wash that red mess off of your face. What is that?” Mary grumbled while dragging her son away towards the house.
Keeping his powers secret can be really annoying! Especially when ma refuses to believe that he’s 100% fine without the phone outside. Whatever.
“He must just be shy, John!” ma lightly slapped pa’s arm and looked kinda appalled at pa’s bad words. Dean knows he's not s’posed to say it but if pa says' em why can’t dean?
“I’d love to, but Cassie is a shy one, you see. Nearly pissed himself over Mary’s fête.”  Castiel swung his head over to glare at the back of Zar’s head, simultaneously burning holes.
It's just not something Castiel Novak would do. Attending events willingly, masturbating over a child, flooding basements? That is not who he was, who he is. It's this neighborhood, this cul de sac. Changing him and morphing him into a..well.
Dean was about to leave the house, now. He began shuffling around the room when he noticed that the same vines were growing outside of Castiel’s window too! He could just ‘pull a Charlie’. Hehe. He's funny.
They weren’t the only people in the laundromat, no, but everyone else was minding their own business. That is what's so beautiful about this type of establishment. Castiel imagined that the laundromat was one of the most peaceful places on Earth. After the library, of course. Something about the fact that everyone respects their own privacy. Resting his chin on his hand, he felt himself dozing off.
Calculative fingers straightened the back of his cossack shirt, rousing Castiel out of his minor venting. "Perhaps exotic clothing simply isn't your style. Maybe something—" Zar sighs, hips jutting out. "Boring. That seems more your style. Accountant and all."
“Is that? Your gla- Me? THATS! TH-THATS ME!  DEAN! DEAN GODDAMN WINCHESTER!” absolute fury warred against embarrassment on her face and she ran from the house, into the house to its’ left.
Lost to the pleasures of what could be, his mind began to teeter into hysterics. Was this healthy? For his very sanity to be taunted and ridiculed by the walking away of an eight year old child? An unprecedented rage gnawed at his arousal, the craving to claim, own,
Lets all just pretend facebook actually looks like that, okay? I haven't gone on my facebook account since..2014?2015? Its been a minute. *nervous chuckling*
The air felt heavier with the obvious rejection already in the air. They weren’t going out for lunch, despite Zar’s begging to check out some fancy restaurant across town. He sincerely
Pa wouldn’t like those pants. So, should Dean not like them? So what if they had different likes n’ stuff? Lisa said its sometimes not ok to have different likes, when Dean doesn’t like her hair and her skirt, like that. But sometimes it's ok like when Dean likes apples and Lisa likes apples. But is that the same thing?
He’s hopped over this gate before, so it's easy this time. Holding onto the wooden planks, he swings himself over the top and lands on his feet, kinda like a kitty cat. The sun is high in the sky, but in our little neighborhood, nobody has their eyes peeled. Nobody is looking for people like Dean right now.
"I dreamed that we were all dogs and Cas was our owner and he gave me extra kibble and water because he likes me the most even though he's best friends with pa and you! Kibble tastes really frickin' weird though! Ew."
The full length mirror hooked onto her closet door presented her eerily yellow reflection. Blonde hair tied into an elaborate braided bun at the back of her head with thick strands of hair sprouting from the very base of it, she looked good. Laid back. Relaxed. Her shoulders incrementally lowered, a visual of the calm slowly swallowing her former panic. She felt as though she might just enjoy this night even with the threat of April’s presence.
Shuffling out of the loud bar with the energetic woman in his arms, Castiel unlocked his Continental and hurriedly sat in the driver's seat. The young red head sat in the passenger’s and reached over, performing some type of manual magic that made him groan loud.
“I figured the larger one was for John, yes, I’ll get them now. Where are you both going that requires a suit, mm?” Linda teased while heading to the back of the building and pushing around hangers covered in large coats.
“Mary has been spoiling him. The damn kid can’t shower or bathe without someone else in the room.” John rubbed the back of his neck, head quirked and glaring down at Castiel’s blue sneakers. “We’ve tried to knock him out of it, but he won't quit it.”
He hadn’t added any of the trademark detergents one would use for cleaning clothing, not even the clothing itself, yet the machine’s choking persisted. Castiel, much to his father’s chagrin, has never been the ‘fixing’ type of brute. Could he put together shelves from IKEA with little to no directions at all? Sure, he’s your man, but fixing anything other than that? Call a plumber.
She can be his friggin’ guest! He’s never really liked when she made big decisions over stupid things anyway!
The voice, high toned and clearly holding back excitement in it’s words, belonged to the one person he’d been hoping to not run into. He’d made a faulty attempt at praying to god for mercy. Mercy from Dean Winchester and his tantalizing being, but did god give two shits about Castiel’s spontaneous boners for the freckled minor? Did he?
“‘S ma gon’ be ‘kay, Cas? She was..the fire.. And..” soft sniffles interrupted his query, tear tracks clearing a strip of peachy skin underneath the ash. He rubbed at his wet cheeks, dirt smudges lining his face once more. Castiel couldn’t help but feel his heart throb in empathy and care for his boy. He leaned close to Dean and wrapped him in a tight hug. A hug that showed understanding and semblance.
Castiel ignored his reluctant friend’s arms around his shoulders as he reached into the hamper near his bedroom and yanked out the soaked quilt.
He significantly lowered the volume of his voice and leaned over the roof of the car. “The damn come! It was an accident. I don’t
Although he couldn’t get much friction, it was enough to drag Castiel up a steep hill, closer to his orgasm. He kept a steady pace on the road, only accelerating and breaking when necessary. Quickly realizing that he needed more than just..
was in the Winchester house, but you looked like you wanted to do a number of naughty things to whoever was standing at the door.”
“Enn..Enough. Make love to me. No condom, as all mankind was made to do.” the redhead moaned loudly.
A familiar set of vein lined hands set down a new pile of clothes where the old strange ones had sat. Quickly peeling off the shirt and pants he'd thoroughly been embarrassed in,
Gabriel, his older brother, convinced Castiel to ‘escape his bad memories’ at Illinois to join the ‘slutty depths’ of Kansas. Although, to Castiel’s amusement, Kansas seemed to consist only of churches and hidden BDSM clubs.
“Anyhoo, Madam Tran, my friend here needs your lovely assistance. I understand that we haven’t the best history together, but you’ll look past that, won't you?” Balthazar had already opened a washing machine and was sticking his head inside of it. It was the perfect opportunity to give ‘payback’ for his car.
A shockingly loud alarm blasted through the somewhat empty home office (He’d eventually gotten to the boxes) and caused Castiel to jump up, although he’d deny it until the day he died.
She was really really pretty but Dean only liked her as a friend. It’d be kinda weird if they got together like he is with Lisa, too. He thinks Charlie might like girls? He doesn’t know.
Locking his Lincoln Continental and quickly catching up to Zar, Castiel was ready for the night of his life.
Ma always tells him that he's really .. fortunate, and that a lot of kids don't have the stuff he has. Some kids don't even have food or water, she says. Kids in like ..uh..far away. Not far like Disneyland far but far like a whole country away far. Ma took Dean to Disneyland for his first date with Lisa. Lisa really liked going on the rides and he thinks that's why she wanted to date him.
more brownies, young lady. Save some for the rest of the guests. Dean, you’re on snack duty. Chips and drinks. Stay away from the cookies, sweetheart.”
His hands. Soft like rose petals and angel cake. Pillowy and smooth like what Castiel imagines clouds must feel like. The dips of his wrist and curves of his palm fit perfectly against Castiel’s much bigger hand. The very mundane act of simply receiving stimuli of any type from
Lisa is his girlfriend in Sunday school and normal school. Grabbing the flower scented wipes instead of the tissue (he likes how it feels!), Dean carefully wiped his wee and its’ best buddies right next to it.
The mere fact that this was a natural instinct in Dean. To obey and submit to his will and give up everything he owns,
C’mon, punk. We’ve gotta head on home.” Dean looked up from Lisa’ eyes into Jo’s impatient dark brown.
piece of girl clothes, just a few. Maybe if the sunflowers were on..maybe..like.. Some pretty panties.
Following frail Mary as she led them to the back door and entrance to the backyard, he noticed a number of things that silently piqued his interest. A curved staircase led upstairs, covered in some sort of tribal carpeting that wasn’t all that appealing at first glance. Smaller chandeliers could be seen draping over tables and the official dining table. In the living room sat a disturbingly large flat screen and black leather couch. The first few rooms of this house could easily bankrupt Castiel without a second glance, that was fascinating as much as it was terrifying.
As he looks outside of his fogged basement window, he can’t help but enjoy the slight breeze rising goosebumps on his bare chest. It's nice, Tuesday’s cool breath blowing through his basement’s slanted window pane. Castiel has always been a fan of colder days which explains his prolonged presence in Pontiac, of course. There’s just something about the calm gray before a storm, the buzzing hum in the air. The frigid atmosphere.
What was up? What was down? What is gravity's role in this unshapely pile of shit? Is that offensive to the phrase 'shit'? Because truly, this is the epitome of whatever the hell comes
They remind Dean of long summer days and riding his green bike with Benny and Charlie. The wind would be whipping in his hair and make him fly on the streets! Ma says to stay on the sidewalks but nobody actually cool rides on the sidewalk with those dumb protection thingies on either. And that helmet! He hates the helmet ma got him. It's really big and chunky and he looks bald with it on!
Dean really liked Missouri, she makes really yummy pies and crumbles and fritters but nothing with raisins in it. He respects that. And sometimes, when it's really cold outside, she’ll knit Dean and Patience mittens so they don’t get cold too. Dean saw Missouri give superhero guy something tasty and he really wanted to have some too. Can you blame him, though?! It looked really good and ma doesn’t let him have any sweets, ever.
“Oh?” Zar’s eyes traveled up the dusty brick structure that stood proudly in front of them. Delight lit his eyes. “No need to murder anyone, Cassie, I’ve driven us to our destination! Now let's wash Mary’s quil-”
He’s aware of Zar’s hurried reassurements and apologies, but all he can see is the massive fucking dent in his hood.
He doesn’t need this. What he needs, Castiel’s mind supplies unhelpfully, is to bury my twisting tongue inside of an eight year old’s ass hole. Need to devour and savor his young virginity. Feed on his stolen innocence like milked honey. Castiel will relish and cherish the devilish enjoyment of suckling on Dean’s sweet acidity. Sharp like citrus but calming, like morning drizzle. The forbidden fruit, truly ripe for his taking. His craving tears at his very being, needle-like fingertips clawing at his resistance. Oh, how he wants. How he
shriek. He did, however, slip on a clump of detergent and land unceremoniously on his ass. Boxers soiled.
Straightening out a beautiful yet simple white dress onto her and John's shared bed, she debated whether she should wear this one, the one she favored most for events like these, or something a tad bit..more. Mary doesn't normally wear too many dresses, as she finds them uncomfortable at the best of times, but Bitchy Kelly will be attending her little shindig and last time she'd made fun of her cargo shorts!
“There we go, one Castiel Novak. Twenty-eight and ..wow. Widower. Okay. Accountant, likes bees. No pets.” Charlie began listing facts about Cas and Dean immediately stood by her side, soaking it all in, like a sponge. Dean wasn’t sure what a widower was but maybe Charlie would tell him what that meant when she was done looking over Cas’ FaceBook page.
The house looked nothing like his! But not like a lair. Of course not. Cas wouldn’t keep his lair out in the open like that! Especially when some of his friggin’ windows were open while he was out!
“Oh, Mary! Hello, darling!” Balthazar chirped, looking behind Castiel, towards the laundromat entrance.
“Room for one more, boys?” Hands spread out in front of him and eyebrows lifted, it almost seemed like an innocent request, but Castiel wasn’t born yesterday. He wanted to learn more about his workers. His employees. His slaves. Slaves being given payment, yes, but slaves nonetheless.
“I know the perfect person to watch your little fiend. He is smart, he is funny, he is responsible, and he’s very caring with children.” Zar seemed to be building onto something, Mary listening close and Linda looking skeptical. Castiel wasn’t sure what he’d say next, but he was hoping it wouldn’t make Mary frown again. He sees her as a friend, sexual thoughts about her son or not.
veggies. They put the sour strips on pickles and sandwiches and everything good. Not like broccoli. Nobody puts that gross stuff on anything.
Before Castiel could intentionally spot out Dean, he hurried to the opposite side of the backyard, away from the children. Zar smiled wide and nudged him with his pointy elbow. “Priorities straight! Those little demons are like..like heroin, but bad.” With that statement, Castiel had a lot of questions. But if he learned one thing from Balthazar within the last few hours, it was not to question much of what he did. Sober, or not.
In a flurry of red hair and skimpy leather clothing, she'd left his doorstep, twilight hanging above her head.
“Sure, sweetheart. I’ll lead you both to the back.” Mary stepped aside and watched as the devil and her spawn walked in, awkward in the new environment. She felt much more aware of the cluttered status of her kitchen and could practically feel the disapproval radiating off of Kelly’s bare shoulders. Bella went ahead and passed Mary, having no apparent familiarity with her house yet having enough of her slow stride.
Why shouldn’t he want to talk to Cas? He has a cool name, a cool job, he gave him delicious kool-aid the
Dean didn’t want to go down just yet. He wanted to talk to Cas more. Well, they weren’t talking, but he was looking at Dean again! Yeah, he was coming to the party n’ all, but what if everyone else tries to steal his superhero bestie? That's not fair!
He sent his message and waited for Charlie to answer. He was already fully dressed and the pancakes and eggs smell soooo good, but he doesn’t like taking his phone out of his room. What if he drops it on the hard floor downstairs and it shatters into a million pieces and he can’t fix it with his time powers? Yep! Dean has time powers. The kind where he can ..reverse time whenever he wants. He can speed it up too.
She was cute in it, yea, but Dean meant that he wanted to..maybe..wear it. He didn’t tell Benny this, hes not dumb. Not that anyone can tell or anything! He knows he will get in a ton of trouble if ma or pa found out. Especially pa.
“Uhp..well..” small snickers traced her words, coating them in a sugary sweet tone and the smirk quirking her lips could be seen from miles away.
Castiel felt his blood freeze. He clenched the wheel underneath his palms and pulled out of the parking space a little too fast. Hopefully he didn’t notice a change in Castiel’s calm demeanor. He forced himself to suck in a shallow breath and began guiding down the semi familiar Lebanon streets.
“Meh. He’s always been trying to win me over, but sometimes it feels like he’s getting these gifts for the wrong kid. I’ve never liked all that frilly stuff. No offense, jedi.” Charlie twirled her finger around in the neon purple shirt she was wearing.
Instead of turning over and pulling the pillow over his bed head, Castiel stood up, quickly taking in his lack of clothing. His boxers were strewn over his night stand lamp. Perfect, right where they belong. The urge to sink back into the pillowy soft arms of his bed grew dramatically strong, almost scarily fast. Whoever the hell created waking up, fuck you.
Castiel leaned against a vibrating washing machine near their’s (not jumping, like his at home) and watched as Balthazar gambled his hard worked cash into a shitty vending machine. He could see the French man eagerly popping in the fifty dollar bill for various types of sugary sweets and carbonated beverages. He hadn’t taken him for the candy type.
Castiel wasn’t completely understanding what the entire ‘joke’ was? The attractive woman at his right was becoming impatient, rubbing his hips and pressing soft kisses against his neck.
Castiel usually feels pretty exhausted after a decent round of sex and this certainly isn’t an exception. Pulling out and tying the end of the condom, his mind began to wonder. He hopes this severs the budding attraction he felt towards the young fawn across the way. His gaze lifted from the discarded condom to the Winchesters’ window, across from his.
Okay, about this chapter! Let me know how you feel, guys. Questions, suggestions, anything! Do not be shy! I appreciate it all so much.
A small hand reached into his hair and carefully pulled out a small twig. “You look so.. Messy, baby.”
A niggling sense of pride arose among his annoyance. Dean would think him awfully 'lame' if he were to cause a scene over something as petty and materialistic as cash. His furrowed brow smoothed out at the thought of his small boy hugging his leg and staring up at him in awe, clearly amazed at Castiel's fortitude.
That didn’t particularly mean that Kelly’s words hadn’t prodded and poked at Mary’s nerves, though. Of course, tardiness had ‘Winchester’ scribbled all over it. She knew she was being dramatic and what John would call a “psycho bitch”, but she refused to let her family name be tarnished over her son being curious.
“Sneakers? Where are we? The third grade?” Accented snickering broke the tension growing heavy in the air.
No, Mary is just like every other woman on her block. An honest, homebound woman with an adventurous son and a casserole in the oven.
Dean wipes his own butt and puts his own clothes on (even if they aren’t always on right) and he does his own hair sometimes. He’ll drive Jo off just like the others. Jo wasn’t ugly or anything, not really. She has really pretty blonde hair that curled around her thin face. Really brown eyes like worms and small legs. Lisa told Dean that Jo wasn’t pretty and that they had to agree on that or else she was gonna leave him for Nick. Everyone calls him Lucifer though.
Ma is always running around and making all the food and helping Dean out when he needs it. Ma is a good mom. Kevin’s mom can be really uptight and even mean sometimes. Mrs. Tran isn’t evil or anything but she can sure make anyone think twice about being naughty! Even Nick! And Nick (Lucifer, haha) is meaner than Satan’s butthole after Taco Tuesday.
Surprised by her bad language and by the threat (it sounds like it’ll hurt) he slowly peeled the blanket off of his body and held his knees close to his chest. “Don’t tell my ma. She’ll freak. She doesn’t even
JESUS CHRIST, THE SUPERNATURAL PREQUEL?? REALLY?? Jensen is making the wrong QUEL T.T, SEQUEL, JENSEN! SE!!
Cas raised one hand and waved his hand slowly at Dean. He was saying hi to him! That had to mean they were best friends. People don’t just say hi to each other and
As controversial as that topic may be between her and her husband, John, it's the truth. Could she be a tad bit demanding at the family picnics and get togethers? Sure! But, who wouldn’t be, when stupid April Kelly stole the spotlight wherever her trampy ass went? Who could possibly blame her for stepping (painfully) on a few toes?
Her palm gyrated onto the sizely bulge tenting his work slacks. “Such a large male reproductive part you’ve got. I’ve heard the larger the penis, the greater the commitment to christianity.”
Dean is gonna do a lot of things at the party today. Some tag with Garth, Benny, Charlie, and maybe Lisa (She doesn’t like ‘baby’ games but tag isn’t for babies) and then he's gonna eat really tasty grilled burgers and talk to Cas. He wants to talk to Cas about why he was with Mrs. Kelly last night? And why was his wee going inside her..front butt?
Pinching the bridge of his nose in exasperation, Castiel ripped himself away from in front of his laptop. It wasn’t anything particularly expensive, but it was enough to.. Well, stalk little boys. One boy, specifically. Because try as he might, he couldn’t stop thinking about Dean Winchester.
Why couldn't he meet a normal neighbor? Well, John was somewhat normal, if not too much so. Perhaps Castiel attracted the mentally ill. Zar also fits into that category (like a second skin), having picked out the nightmare that Castiel wears now.
What if someone recognized them? Castiel’s face, probably not, but Balthazar’s? Based on the tales of his sexual journeys, everybody on the face of the planet has slept with him. Everyone. Nobody is excluded. Anything than can breathe and give consent? Sex material.
“Ah, Crowley, what a lovely surprise.” Balthazar’s muffled greeting swept over Castiel’s dormant memory and suddenly he knew.
“Dean. What a ..pleasure.” Bella sounded like it really, really wasn’t a pleasure at all. Her mom, Missus Kelly, was having a brief conversation with ma in the front room. Ma had changed from her home clothes into a really yellow sunflower dress. Dean liked it. Not like he’d wear it, he doesn’t like
John had laughed at her and gave her a kiss for her antics. It made her crappy mood lighten a bit at the idea of kissing her husband.
Alit by a soft blue night light, the window had sky blue curtains pulled back and the transparent window cracked open. It was really quite interesting, how his bedroom window could look directly into another room. What were the chances of that? As the woman got comfortable in his bed, Castiel saddled near the window and leaned close.
Patting down his pockets, Dean feels for the five bucks he brings everywhere, the lone house key he has for the back door, and his favorite Gunner Lawless keychain.
Bad feelings swirled around in his tummy and made him feel like he had to vomit. Dean doesn’t like vomiting, it makes his throat hurt and it tastes nasty. Nasty like Bella Trenton. Nasty like Lisa’s sticky lips sometimes. Nasty like it raining outside all day.
Goosebumps spread over the pale surface of his limbs as he stared in terrifying anticipation at the all-white entrance to his room. Pa had painted it long before he was born, and floating around in ma’s belly. Ma told pa that Dean used to eat whatever ma ate when he was a belly baby but that sounds gross! Ma eats only green stuff except for when she's at bbq’s. Speaking of that!!
A boisterous laugh from the other side of the bar dragged Castiel’s eyes to Zar. Laughing blue eyes with lined crow feet met his, withholding a question as to why he sought him out. Light blue eyes slid to the red head beside him and he laughed even louder. Eyes bulging and nearly doubling over onto his companion, Balthazar was simply hysterical. A harsh coughing fit interrupted his chuckling, but Zar ultimately affirmed the question in Castiel’s eyes.
It tipped over and the meat fell to the floor with a loud hissing noise. The nearby beer stain lit with vigor from stray sparks and hot charcoal. A trail of fire had led to Mary Winchester and, well, from there, the screaming started.
“You know you can’t sit here, Dean-o. Lisa will have a heart attack if she can’t sit with you.” whispers Charlie, trying not to disturb Jessica’s flow of thoughts as she writes at the board.
As he neared the front door, he caught a glimpse of the empty baking dish Missouri had gifted him. Well, he was on the way, right? What's one more stop? Nodding to himself and briefly praising his quick and simple thinking, Castiel grabbed the dish and walked out of the house, keys in his pocket.
Subtle frustration bubbled underneath Mary’s peachy skin, thinking of what could’ve been, if perhaps John weren’t so closed minded. But no, not in his cul de sac, not in his family. Mary briefly glanced up at the blotchy morning sky, littered and clogged with rain heavy clouds.
A slight breeze ruffled his dark brown hair and calmed the inner chaos that had brewed within him this morning. He could only tolerate people like Zar, Meg, and Ruby in measured small doses. Very, very small doses. Some would say: imperceptible doses.
“Quite a few, I’m pretty sure.” Castiel rolled his eyes and spotted his Lincoln, the gold skin shining a dull glow among the other nondescript cars. It's times like this that he's reminded of his college days when he’d bought her.
Hopping the fence again, Dean got a grass stain on his baby blue jeans! Damn it! His pa’s car could be heard parking in their garage at the front, so he couldn’t wait around. Dean ran into his house and wiped the sweat from his brow.
Lisa taught him how to kiss a few months ago, when he was in second grade and she was in third. Now, he's going to third and she's going to fourth. He's not really excited about having to learn times tables but maybe Lisa might help him? She won the spelling bee last year and everyone really liked her but she chose
During the beginning of December, near Mary’s birthday, a package had been sitting on her front porch. Dean thought it was something he ordered (She got him a debit card last Christmas to buy things online. Yes, she was
And, as anyone who has felt the everpressing stress of being the 'new' kid in any setting (even that of a cul de sac), Castiel felt a great weight substantially lifted from his shoulders. The familiar shade of navy on his bedroom walls seemed to cool the heated frustration of moving in. Of finding someone he's compatible with, someone who is attractive. Someone other than his deceased wife. Someone who is
Pulling up into his driveway and turning the key in the ignition to the left, effectively turning off the car, he could feel a weight fall from his shoulders.
I was going to post this during the weekend but i totally spaced and forgot that my birthday was on saturday (my 17th woo)
“Yes. No. Mr. Winch- John, John is okay, yes? No? Okay. Look, I was heading to work. I just- I was heading-” His mouth was flapping a mile a minute, his lips numb and shaky. Anticipation of the mind bogging beating he was about to receive made Castiel nothing more than a mannequin. But even a mannequin wouldn’t wear these sneakers.
He hated to admit it, but Castiel pressed his clothed groin against the hard surface of the washing machine to yank himself back in reality.
than him. Dean has more powers than he does). It's almost kinda funny! Dean walks into his room and quickly yanks his dirty shirt off. Benny is one of the biggest kids in class and yet..he's not the strongest. Don’t tell him that though, he gets real touchy ‘bout it.
As they made their way across the parking lot to his Continental, Castiel sipped absentmindedly at the frozen lemonade. Fuck, Zar was right. That was delicious. Refreshing yet not annoyingly cloying, as sugary beverages usually are. Surprise lifted his eyebrows and caused a proud huff to puff out of Zar's pursed lips. "You act as though I've no taste! I wouldn't lead you to the wolves!"
“Yeah, uh.. Right next to Jo’s house- that's the green haired lady that was in here. The house riiiiight there.” Dean pointed as best as he could towards Missouri and Patience’s wooden house. It's kinda old but it looks really nice because Missouri does spells and stuff to make it look nice. That, and she asks for Dean's help to sweep sometimes.
Castiel pinched the bridge of his brow and slowly began to thread together a story he could sell to Linda Tran.
Tightening up the loose sheets messily arranged on his bed, he ignored the sour tone to his inner monologue. The past stays in the past. Religious parents were an unfortunate topic of conversation, not the victim of his morning ramblings. The gray sheets were stained with proof of his sexual activities last night. Great. This morning is shaping up to be a colossal shit show.
Now that Dean looked closer at it, Cas was smiling in his profile picture, his pearly white teeth and twin set of blue eyes stealing his attention, greedily. He  looked like he had sharp teeth. Is that a strange thing to point out?
Castiel put his cock away unceremoniously as his post-orgasmic glow had been cut short and quickly replaced with post-orgasmic panic because fuck! That is obviously fucking semen on the Winchester’s fucking quilt.
“Hello.” a sultry voice drawled near his right and he could only look at the direction to find out who had started a conversation with him.
Sitting up in his comfy bed (superman sheets!! yes!!), Dean sniffed the air. Ma is making pancakes and eggs! Another superpower he has is really, really good smell. He always can smell what ma makes for pa and him. Pa says that's not a real power but he can’t smell as good as Dean.
“Thats..good. Good, yeah. Dean is showering. He’s fine. Good night!” He was in a rush to escape. The faster he was out of this house, the better.
parent.) but it hadn’t been whatever he wanted. It was ..well, the sole pain of her very existence hanging off a hanger in her hand.
And here he stood, waiting outside of the mall establishment for Zar. He'd run back in claiming he was about to burst Castiel's "flavor cherry" and to stay put no matter what.
Had she accepted much of anything Castiel was before they met? Reminders of her gentle 'no's' and judgmental eyebrow raises made his once carefree smile turn thunderous. His ways in the bedroom had been a tad bit 'too much' and she'd only wanted to use condoms, despite her wanting a child. Had she wanted a child? Or was that temporary bait to keep Castiel ignorantly blissed in the relationship? Had their marriage, their commitment to each other been an abusive sham? She'd never hit him. Never touched him without his consent. Is it abuse if he'd never complained at the time? He doesn't know.
Apple pie!  Yes!! He hopped up and down, his eyes comically big. “Yes, ma! Extra apple filling! With a lot of crust and brown sugar, pleasee! And ice cream!” Dean was giggling and kicking his feet at the thought of pie
“Aw c’mon, Jo. I’m with Lis. Can’t you just wait a lil longer?” he held up their joined hands, as if proving his point.
Dean wasn’t ‘always’ a runner. In fact, in his ‘toddler years’, he rather enjoyed dressing up and playing with ‘mommy’s face colors’. Of course, when John Winchester saw little Dee in pink lipstick and mascara, he immediately snipped that in the bud.
She could just ignore the dress and put on the white one. She could blow her husband’s mind and possibly end this night pleasantly. If you know what she means. But she knows what will happen. Vice president of the PTA came with certain..Kelly would call them ‘privileges’, but ‘consequences’ seemed closer to the head.
“At the party, yesterday,” Castiel felt himself regather his ideas as he tossed ideas against the corners of his mind. “Mary wanted me to watch Dean after her, er- incident.” He felt like an idiot phrasing her burn like that, an insensitive idiot at that, but his mind was doing little to help him right now. “She let me use her quilt to keep Dean warm. I guess I felt it was my ..responsibility to wash out the soot stains.”
The familiar sound of vending machines buzzing abruptly stopped and hurried steps grew louder. Zar was done, finally. They were taking quite a long time just trying to put the damn quilt inside.
Balthazar shoved the quilt into the washing machine and looked towards the back of the laundromat. “Give me your ten. I think.. I just solved our change dilemma.”  Zar yanked his wallet away and promptly stole a fifty instead of the twenty Castiel had been fingering.
Images, images he didn't want to think about grew like unwanted seeds in his fertile mind. As always, Castiel’s mind was his undoing. Watery eyes and a dramatic pout. A runny nose, nostrils shiny with snot. Shivering, peach lips. A sniffling boy curled up on his bed. His Dean,
Shuffling into the kitchen with his mind on how other third graders feel about their own girlfriends, he saw pa first. Pa sat at the round, glossy wooden table, hunched over a newspaper and a mug next to his hairy fist. "This is bullshit!" grumbled a frustrated pa, balling up the newspaper and staring angrily into his luke warm coffee.
Quickly, he replaced his soaked boxers with dry ones and pulled up gray slacks onto his goosebump covered legs. Methodically clothing himself soothed his frayed nerves. Really, what was the worst that could happen? John couldn’t murder him. Castiel himself was a rather large man for a 28 year old. He, albeit irregularly, attends the gym and makes an attempt at building bulk. Daphne would often joke that she’s shocked he isn’t “ripped” due to all the book carrying he does everyday.
“Mmmmn! They’re so good!” He walked into the room and saw Charlie sitting on the dishwasher, mouth full of brownie and crumbs falling on her purple shirt. “M’ mom ‘oesn’t ‘ake no ‘rownies. Too bzzzy.” She tried talking with her mouth full, making an even bigger mess. “Hey, D’wean!” she waved her hand and called him over. “T’wy this!!”
Wow, that's a lot of words. Dean was a kinda fast reader, but sometimes he felt like Jess would lie to him and say he was faster so he felt better. He..likes when she does that. She gets that sometimes he doesn’t wanna use his super speed to read ‘cause it gets really annoying sometimes.
Immediately, the mossy emerald of Dean's eyes widened, his pupil expanding in size tenfold. A demure smile passed over those luscious lips of his and he was away from the window, answering his mother's call, Castiel presumed.
His pa couldn’t even get him the full five bucks?  Gosh, sometimes he can’t believe his parents! He loves ‘em tho. Even if they are a little goofy and lazy sometimes. But everyone’s parents are like that!
“Alright, all the sides are pretty much ready. Charlie, take the potato salad out of the fridge and set it outside.
He grabbed onto the ban..banister, and hopped downstairs. One time he slid down the banister and he hurt his ankle really bad so he doesn’t do that no more. Ma had drove him to the ER but pa said he should just walk it off. He was kinda confused why his healing powers weren't working but whatever.
At a second thought, did she really want to risk BBQ stains. Although delicious, getting out steak grease is an entire foe in it’s own. One, thanks to John, she is much too familiar with.
Swallowing his courage, he squared his shoulders and briskly knocked on the cherrywood door of the Winchester house. A petite woman wrapped in a wet towel answered the door and it wasn’t her inviting smile he noticed.
“Blah, blah, blah.” Lisa whispered softly, against his neck. Glaring up at Jo’s amused expression, he stood up and walked away with her. “Y’know, Ima remember that.” mumbled Dean. “Oh yeah, pipsqueak? Whatcha gonna do, throw your batman panties at me?” sniggered Jo, smacking the back of his head as they walked to her small car.
Dean began to undress in front of him and he damn near forgot to turn around. He craved it. Lusted over it. Needed to see the creamy white expanses of skin and fiddle with the sensitive privates of his pretty boy.
The older man tutted at Castiel's continuous distracted state and snatched the leather wallet out of his black slacks.
"Quiet down, Cassie. Your Winchester crush might think you're being robbed, and you don't wanna look weak, do you?"
The quilt seems to have survived the flooding, despite it’s soggy exterior. He wishes he could say the same for his work shirts. Checking the watch strapped to his wrist, he glared at the little time he had to book it to his job. Could his Continental even ‘book’ anywhere? Perhaps Balthazar had been right, maybe it's time to look into a new car.
“Balthazar? Castiel? What’re you two doing here?” Mary’s infectious smile almost made Castiel mirror one of his own, but the absolute horror of this situation had wiped any type of recognizable emotion off his face. He could feel the blood slowly draining out of his face. He must be white as a sheet.
Balthazar turned on their washing machine and stood beside Castiel, seemingly on his phone, but anyone who’d taken a second glance at him could tell he was eavesdropping as well.
"Castiel, dear friend, I come bearing gifts!" Zar sang his entrance with the sashay of two paper bags with an animated boy's face on it. "I nearly had to wrestle an old woman for the last pretzel bites. You owe me, Cassie."
He nodded at Dean and waved, very clearly saying goodbye. Expecting to be met with obedience, the sharp jerk of Dean's head and refusing pout deepening, made Castiel's crotch area tighten dramatically.
way, was of course, the PERFECT way! Grabbing his fork and ignoring another buzz from his phone, he dug into the sticky, almost too sweet cakes. The fluffy (like clouds!!) texture was soaked in (mouth watering) sweet syrup, practically Begging for Dean's taste buds to start partying! Dean really liked how it made his mouth feel and in turn, liked the pancakes a whole lot !!
“Yes! Yes, Of Course.” Castiel was extremely desperate at this point. What kind of favor would Zar need anyway?
Dean wound up picking a bright green bracelet thing from inside the box. It fit around his wrist perfectly! It had to be fate!
Castiel slid into the driver's leather seat and forced the key into the ignition. Turning the key with one good jerk and the engine sprouted to life. With Zar sitting in the passenger seat and flipping through multiple stations on the radio, Castiel dutifully accepted that this day was going to be one of his absolute worst.
It doesn’t make sense. Until she told him that when someone hides somethin’, they always look for it in hiding places. Like behind the door, under the bed, blah blah blah.  Everyone is gonna look in hidden, secret places! It's the natural thing to do.
“We’ve nobody to watch Dean tonight though. I’ve tried all the babysitter's you could think of. Each one of them has bailed hopelessly on my sweetheart.” Mary’s complaining was hushed but Castiel could feel it tugging at his heart. Nobody wants to watch Dean? Why not? He’d jump head first to watch him if he wasn’t painstakingly attracted to the kid.
Balthazar finally managed to finagle the case open and the quilt sat there, slumped and somehow still soaked. The mere sight of it was discouraging. Castiel rubbed at the back of his neck and rejoiced in the fact that the semen stains had, at the very least, been washed away by the overly soapy water in his washing machine at home.
His advice was, instead of nurturing his ‘weird obsession’, as zar said it, Castiel should sleep it off.
Picking out another dress, a dress littered with delicate sunflowers and peppered with sparkles and other fun things. To be point blank and brutally honest, it wasn’t the most attractive dress. In fact, it was drop dead ugly. Some things should
“You’re wearing it! I knew you’d look..good in it!” A cheshire grin. Wide and evil and all knowing in its ridicule. Mary didn’t have to inquire any more than she already had. She knew the layered compliments and the smiles were all shit. That's all April Kelly was. Mary could parry her with just the right amount of fake right on back, though. Two players could definitely play in that game.
He pulled into the modest (kinda shitty) parking lot and found a decent space. “Oh, Don’t be a diva. Nobody is gonna steal this hunk of bull crap. Lets go, Cassie.” Zar gracefully (is that possible?) slammed the door shut and dramatically swallowed a breath of fresh air. “It smells like jizz and tears in your car, you know! You should look into a car freshner if you’re going to frequently jerk off in your car.”
Benny is from Louisiana (which is like forever away) and he always tells everyone and a lot of girls like him ‘cause of that. Even Lisa said that she liked his voice when he would talk a lot.
Even though he's an adult, Dean is pretty sure Cas has cool stuff in his house. Maybe he'll check later for cool stuff in his house?But it
Perhaps that was taking it a tad too far. Mary softly giggled to herself and grinned wide at April’s hidden sneer. Oh, how I hope her too-pale face stays that way. Raising a hand and gently waving it towards her, Mary truly was the paradigm of passive aggressiveness.
“What's your real name? And your superhero name? What do the criminals call you? Why are you here? You should’ve come at night, then you could have sneaked to my room. We could still go! Cmere, man.” He pulled the sleeve and, of course, the super hero didn’t budge at all. He's super strong like that. He got even more excited after seeing that.
Did this mean he wasn’t a boy anymore? But he really liked playing with his Hot Wheels and he liked his Ninjago legos. He didn’t like playing jump rope or hopscotch. And no!! That's not b’cause he fell in first grade.
A slow, treacherous hike to the front door of the firm gave Castiel’s resolve more than enough time to resurface and scold himself for such thoughts.
Welp, nobody would really mind, would they? It isn’t 2008, but surely he could pull it off. Forcing his moist feet into the ratty sneaker, he regretted not thinking twice about picking up balled up socks. Tripping over his own feet as he rushed to the front door, the ‘bravado’ he’d formed while traveling downstairs all but disintegrated into dust.
“Sorry, ma. I know today is a big day ‘n all but I kinda feel weird. Y’know? Like my tummy hurts.” Dean knew it was wrong to lie to his ma like this, but maybe if he could have a little time to himself  and his favorite clothes, maybe the bad feelings will go away.
Proficiently wetting a hand towel with cold water, she gently scrubbed at Dean’s stained chin and suit lapels. His nervous waddling from side to side certainly did not help in her attempts. “What's the matter, sweet heart? I know your father is a handful, but there's no need to be scared.” whispered Mary.
She rolled her eyes and turned his computer off. “Having a crush on someone old would be much better than having a crush on someone as fake as Lisa.”
Using his little finger to type in ‘b-a-b-y’ into the password thingy, Dean’s phone buzzed to life like iron man's suit does in avenger movies. He loves the avengers movies!! His wallpaper is a picture of Iron Man and Batman about to have a mega cool fight. Charlie found this cool picture for him and he totally used it!
John lightly cuffed the back of Dean's head in a joking manner. "Save some for the rest of the family, Einstein."
His mom smiled with all her teeth and started putting the dishes away in the tall cabinet, the one next to the cabinet where ma keeps her rice cake thingies. As he carefully helps her put the dishes away, he thought about how rice cakes aren’t even real cakes. He tried one once ‘cause, who doesn’t like cake? And he never tried a
His self-destructive behavior managed to shut up long enough for the Winchesters to briefly nod and huddle into their car, pulling away and driving off into the distance.
“Earth to Dee?”, concerned blue eyes tore apart Dean’s trance and he felt guilty for being stuck in his mind for a long time. He hugged his mom’s waist real tight and sighed.
As he neared the pale blue building with clear glass doors, Dean was sweating a little too much in his ugly brown suit.
Yeah, and he’d make him beg. Make him suck on his balls and hold them in his mouth for hours. He’ll discipline Dean and teach him how to fucking submit to his owner. His one and only owner.
“If I’m truly that boring where you must retreat to the depths of your mind to escape conversation with me, then please, by all means, continue to do so. I’ll wait here.” a sarcastic lilt tainted the sorrowful words and Castiel felt the corner of his mouth twitch into an apologetic grin. Perhaps he isn’t alone in this. With Zar, his newfound, strange apple of a friend, surviving a few awkward conversations shouldn’t be impossible.
It was the day after the barbecue fiasco and he’d tried his very best not to think of the irrevocable mistake he’d made last night. Surely, tugging one out to your neighbor (and reluctant acquaintance’s) son had to be wrong, right? He’s certain that a sizable spot in hell is burning specifically for Castiel’s soul.
Lisa liked calling him bad and nice names. Dean really liked the nice names but the bad names made him feel like she was gonna leave him for Nick.
“That doesn’t only go for Dean. I listen, boys and girls! I know what each and one of your parents calls you and I’m
After staring her down for a long time, real quiet, her snickering cut off and she lifted two hands  like she was giving up. “Okay, okay.  I’m sorry, Dee. How about..to cheer you up..I let you off the hook for the rest of the day? No having to slave over an oven for you.”
Castiel was getting out of the car nervously when Zar said that, causing him to stand up straight mid-out. He hit his head on the metal overhead of his car. “Fuck!”
To be the first to plant his ‘flag’ on new territory nearly sent Castiel into hysterics right in front of most of the present neighbors in the Winchester backyard, including Dean. How embarrassing would that have been?
He'd gestured at the door until her dumbfounded face twisted into a wide smile. Which, somehow, still managed to make her look really fucking creepy. "Right! We shan't overuse our time together. I'll see you again." She had said, delusion clear in her eyes. She wasn't nearly as attractive after the alcohol wore off and his cock felt disgusting and itchy having been near her at all.
Does Cas eat with his family? Dean hasn't seen any kids over there so maybe he doesn't have a family?
Rolling his eyes for what feels like the fiftieth time today, he jerked himself into the passenger seat, uncomfortable with not driving his own car. The unfamiliarity of the passenger seat began to prod at his consciousness. The tanned leather seats grew warm from extended attention from the sun, the dash smoldering hot in comparison.
he was. Nodding at Zar to continue (and hopefully end) his neverending monologuing, he diligently searched for the bar he had mentioned.
“You-what?” Castiel pondered, wondering how the hell anyone could do that much damage to a laundromat?
Linda.” The accusation was quiet, only the three of them could hear it, but Linda Tran wasn’t typically known for taking lies in stride.
Even having successfully obtained it, they seemed to be normal clothing! Was Castiel stupid?  Were there extra brownie points for event clothes that normal clothes didn't hold?
Right! Today they were gonna do a lot of fun stuff (but a lot of boring stuff before the fun stuff) and he had to be happy for all this stuff. He gave ma a big smile and gobbled down the rest of his syrup soggy pancakes, chasing it down with ice cold milk. He loved helping ma because she took him everywhere! The store, the bank (they give tiny lollipops to Dean!), and sometimes the ice cream shop if he's been really good. Benny's mom works at the ice cream shop and even though ma doesn't like the lafittes, she always gossips with her when they see each other. Dean likes seeing his ma happy like that. She deserves it!
The down side about having good smell is that sometimes not all smells are good. His nose wrinkled at the thought of pa after taco Tuesday. He likes extra beans in his tacos and.. Ewwie. The bathroom is always so stinky! Cas wouldn’t like that. Dean doesn’t need telepathy to figure that one out.
Deciding to scale the fire hydrant, jumping over it without breaking his ankle, Castiel successfully caught a squirming Balthazar. Now, how should he kill him? Knife to the back? Bowling ball to the head? Dropped into the ocean? Choking on a baguette? That would be fitting-
"Mary or John, you sleazy dog! That doe eyed look and puppy love smile is a gigantic sign! Tell me or forever be a viiiirgin, Cassie."
“Okay, okay. Enough of that, Linda. Cleaning time, Cassie.” Snatching the briefcase from him and tossing it on the lid, Balthazar grinned at Castiel’s bereft face.
Lisa’s lovely brown eyes widened almost comically. “N-No! I was.. It was an accident, Ms. Moore. I’m sorry.”
They ripped apart and looked up at Jess, crossing her arms. “Good boys and girls don’t do that until they’re married.” she huffed. “Do I have to notify Cindy of what you’re doing, young lady?”
Mary and John had gone. It’d been maybe 15 minutes since the entire fiasco and Castiel was trailing Dean inside of his own house. Dean was covered in ash, dirt smudged on his buttoned nose and freckles less prominent than usual. He was dirty. Very dirty.
Dean doesn’t get why people do bad drugs. Ma told him about good drugs, like marijuana, and how it can be good but also can be bad sometimes and it's all..sit..situattt..tional? Situation. Nual. He thinks that's the word she used.
Hairless, silky thighs clinging to the small undergarment, the batman symbol displayed over Dean’s crotch area, and white knee socks had almost made Castiel come in his slacks.
He has never really liked green foods (veggies and stuff) so he's always been a little weirded out about the whole adding pickles thing, but little did he know, pickles aren’t
Dean knew it! Dean DOES have powers! Lisa was wrong, of course she was! Everyone in class was wrong! He bounced on his feet and tugged at the tall guy’s sleeve.
Whether or not Daphne accepted who or what Castiel truly was, he'd realized something huge today. Something life changing.
What was the chance that Balthazar and Mary attended the same laundromat regularly? Were they closer than he’d initially thought? Did he bury himself in his own grave? He shouldn’t have asked for his help. He should’ve known their ‘friendship’ would wind up biting himself in the ass.
He hadn’t even thought of it. It should’ve been a clue at how fast he put the undergarment to his nose of just how far gone he was, but he didn’t think twice of it. The sweet, heavenly musk of Dean’s hairless pubic area clung to the panties. Castiel collapsed back onto the couch, knees weak while presented with this gift from the gods. Nose buried in the forbidden garment, he quickly undid the button holding his penis away in confinement.
A sadistic tremble made buttoning his shirt rather difficult, but Castiel pressed the butt of his palm onto his crotch.
At first he tried to ask why the hell being well awake would help with his dilemma and zar’s cat-like face had burst in laughter.
“Oh Shut up” Grabbing the (designer?) blouse by it’s sleeve, he yanked the French asshole into his house and safely locked the door behind the both of them. Zar was whining about something, he could see his lips flapping and his very animated complaining, but he couldn’t hear. The buzzing alarm from being near the object of his desire’s father after last night was nearly too much.
He began talking himself out of attending, the store bought m&m brownies sitting cold on his dining table. I mean, who would notice he wasn't there? He wasn't formally invited by the party-throwers, Mary and John, so to simply disregard Dean's invitation would be a hitch. A tree falling with no one around, as they say. Well, no one other than Dean.
It must've been a really fast shower because before he knew it, a green-haired Joanna Beth Harvelle was marching down the stairs, wrapped in a towel.
“Mary’s quill? Mary has a quill? I see no reason to wash that here?” Linda Tran’s confusion was palpable, eyes slanted and thumb tapping her chin. Linda was a relatively small woman, but the way she spoke and inquired suggested that she wasn’t a pushover at all. Big things, small packages, as they say. She wore a simple beige t-shirt and comfortable white pants. She gave mother vibes, well, Castiel could only assume that a mother would give those types of “comforting” vibes. Naomi wasn’t exactly the ‘reassuring’ type.
Typing back, Dean started thinking back to Cas, he thought about who he was with last night. The Kelly questions are really important ‘cause if Cas is friends with her, does that mean Dean has to be friends with Bela? Gross! Bela is a snot-nosed, uppity, primped penguin ass!
It seems as though Kansas summers can be extremely, for lack of a better word, bipolar. Just yesterday was a beautiful day, scorching even. Desert hot but not overtly so, if that makes sense.  A day for a social event that ends in, unironically, flames.
“Let's invite him to the barbeque. Make him feel at home in our cul de sac! Don’t you want to encourage good behavior to your son?” said ma with one of ‘those’ looks that made pa always say yeah.
Soft, creamy thighs spread open obscenely wide. Knees lifted high, body folded dramatically in half. Only a child could naturally be that flexible. Rosy lips parted in overwhelming exertion.
He snuck into the kitchen and looked in the fridge. Dean was kinda thirsty from all this sneaking around during the hot day (in sleeves, too!). A cold brush of air met his overheated cheeks and Dean smiled big. Aaah. That's better. There was a big bottle of Sprite and a few frozen burritos. Dean unscrewed the top of the Sprite and took a big gulp right from the bottle. Nobody was gonna talk smack about his manners sooo..
John nodded and grabbed Castiel’s hand, large hand holding his captive. “From man to man, thank you.” A jerked handshake and awkward shrug of his shoulders later, John Winchester strode down his driveway, gravel crunching underneath his brown boots.
Dean could be good, he could be the goodest out there! Gooder than Jo and gooder than all the other superheroes Cas has met before!
He hadn’t had a genuine beer in a while now. The condensation coating the beer bottle met the clammy surface of his palm as if it were fate. Castiel found his way to one of the wooden tables adorning the backyard and hit the cap to the beer bottle hard against the edge. A soft hiss came from his efforts.
Does anyone like wedgies either? Those hurt! Who would like something that hurts? Maybe someone does? He’ll ask Cas later.
He could hear the scratching of desks slowly pulling away from his own, inching away from the ‘Opossum Fucker’. Great. As if being attracted to Dean Winchester was enough, he’d gotten bestiality tacked to his title too. At least nobody knew about Dean, though, right?
Dean really didn’t like how she talked down to him, she was only a few years older than Dean herself! Being sixteen didn’t automatically make her his boss. He didn’t have a boss, he was his own boss. She’d learn soon enough, though. Dean subtly grinned at the plan he’d hatched last night.
Dean started picking out the forks and spoons from the dishwasher and put them in the drawers they belong in. They only use plastic utensils for barbecues so these can go away. Same thing with plates. He reached to a higher cabinet on his tippy toes and snagged the plastic plates. Pink butterflies threaded with green ribbon lay scattered across the plate border. He really liked the butterflies, but boys weren’t supposed to like that stuff, so he just slid the plates onto the counter without showing how much he liked them.
A shiver violently ran down Castiel's spine, his previous chubby hardening into a monstrous bulge. One not to be reckoned with.
“N-No! Sorry, that was bad. Um, would you like to get something to, to eat sometime? I know I seem like a dumb blonde-” the woman began frantically explaining
Lisa thought his room looked like a little kid’s room but she doesn’t get just how cool superheroes are. A lot of girls are like that. Not Charlie though. Charlie’s favorite superhero is Captain Marvel. She said she's really pretty like Lisa is pretty but Dean doesn’t think so.
Before getting up, Dean decided to be a little sneaky..he wanted to see Cas just one time before he ventured downstairs to eat his yummy pancakes. Anyone would wanna see a real superhero all the time! Or supervillain. Lex Luthor is just as cool as Batman, ya know.
Castiel wasn't crazy, right? What the fuck was event clothing? Wasn't that formal clothing? He had tons of that! Why was Zar being a constant pain in the ass about something as small as an outfit for a barbeque?
His blue sneakers were no longer moist, but caked with detergent, from an incident that occurred during his and Zar’s washing adventure.
And he's old! Like..Abraham Lincoln old! And sure, whatever, he’s a cool super hero, but that doesn’t mean that I wanna..wanna..treat him like Lisa or anything. Also! Lisa is my girlfriend. She's the only one I have like like feelings for, and you know that!”
Just then, as if on cue, a small rustle in the bushes behind her earned a raised brow. A rat? Here, of all places? I thought Will Harvelle was an exterminator? She’d have to talk with Ellen about this immediately! She couldn’t have huge, disgusting, disease-infested rats roaming around when her lovely son was playing in the exact same greenery. What kind of mother would that make her? What kind of son would she raise? What of her unborn baby?
Mind distracted with the temporary bliss of an empty bladder, he thought back to the really tall, weird guy’s face. Dean was always told not to talk to strangers but he couldn’t be all that bad if he looked like action heroes, right? A slow grin stretched over his small face, dimpling his cheeks. He had cool, big muscles like iron man and a big neck like Captain america! Dean really liked super heroes. Dean wanted to be a superhero when he grew up.
be scary, like, to new babysitters, but he didn’t want superhero guy to think he was scary. He wanted to be friends so he could show Dean how to be cool.
, there was a much larger, much darker part of Castiel celebrating having something that’d been very intimate with his penis near Dean’s hands.
Dean glanced around, eyes squinted. He couldn’t let his ma find out about his secret clothes like this. He carefully closed the door shut like a ninja and locked it. Not all the kids in his class had locks on their doors, like Bella, but his ma and pa really trusted him to not like.. Do drugs or anything.
“Cassie, life is all about taking risks, my dear. Imagine how boring it would be to go home and simply eat and go to bed?”
decades (a woman’s age is always a secret!) they go back but it's just enough to solidify a relationship for life.
A distant nasal voice pierced through Mary’s flowing internal commentary, much too familiar for comfort. “Mary, you’re
Batman’s dunna dunna dunna theme song made Dean look around for his phone. Did Charlie text him? She said she would but he wasn’t sure. She was the one who put that as his message noise. Wait, wait! He knew this word. Notiiifiica..notificate? No, that wasn’t right. Dean’s bottom lip slipped out, pouting at his own dumbness. He knew this one! Lisa wouldn’t think he was a smart guy and she’d be with Nick forever!
She smiled again and ran her delicate fingers through his hair, “Hey, how about I make your favorite pie? Apple?”
Hot for white, cold for black, warm for both. Okay, that makes sense. Auto soak too. To automatically soak your clothing, naturally. Light load, medium load, heavy load. Of course. Extra cleaning, extra rinse. Why would it need extra cleaning? What does that even mean? Easy care and delicate. Which are, apparently, not the same.
He took all his clothes off and stood in the middle of his room, stretching and reaching down to his toes. His PE teacher, Mr. Shurley told him this exercise makes him extra tall and that he should always do it every morning. He likes him a lot for a teacher with a beard. Missus Kelly says that Mr. Shurley is a total p..pedo..phile? Yeah, pedophile. He remembers the ‘ile’ part.
Unguided, dull fingers ran through his hair, attempting to achieve some type of ‘tame’. No, looking in the mirror will ultimately wind up in a long winded thought process of how the hell I wound up in this position. Lets just..Castiel’s hand wrapped around the brass doorknob, the cold seeping into his sweaty palm. His self esteem was going to take a steam roller to the balls right the fuck now.
Jo jerked the rusty car to a rough stop and unbuckled her seatbelt. The engine stuttered to a stop and hiccupped with overuse. “Last time I checked Mary didn’t mind if I came in for a shower, right? I need to grab a quick one before they come back, I’ve got work right after this ‘n all.” His mood quickly perked up at his prank’s plan coming together. He couldn’t let it show, though, she’d become suspicious.
“Sweetheart? I could use a little help, you know. I’m not as spry as I used to be.” Ma said, upper half in the oven as she maneuvered a casserole on the middle rack. One of Dean’s favorite Casseroles!! Winchester Surprise! One time, he tried to make it with pa when ma was in the hospital (she broke her ankle doin’ somethin’) with bologna and sliced cheese but it wasn’t no where near the same. And he's pretty sure pa burnt it, it wasn’t
Perhaps, this is destiny? Could this be fate? He was meant to devote his every waking second to Dean Henry Winchester. Who was he, a lowly widowed man, to declare anything different?
Spinning around on the heel of her white flats and owning the patience of a saint, Mary walked back to the front of the house and opened the door, the second time for many to come.
Right now, in class, Charlie is the fastest reader. She says it's ‘cause she plays Crash Bandicoot and she's got really good reactions and stuff but video games don’t help you in school! Ma said so. And ma doesn’t lie all the time. But maybe she lied about that? Or maybe she kept it a secret so he wouldn’t play videogames all the time and get straight A’s?
Choosing a photo of Dean at a very young age, most likely four or five, he decided this was the most progressive way to kill off his boner and little crush. Seeing the object of his sexual desires for what he truly was, a fucking child, should do the trick. That, and he could figure out how the hell Facebook worked. Setting up an account is in order as well. Castiel intends on being much more social here than he was at Pontiac, after all.
She shook her head slowly and silently pondered on the state of the mocha brown suit she’d recently had made for him and him alone. What if he’d gotten it dirty? What if we’re late for Sunday’s church? Surely the PTA would know of it immediately and begin questioning her commitment to god, and if Mary couldn’t make time for god, how could she make time for their lovely sons and daughters? She always knew that backstabbing bitch April Kelly would practically hop at the idea of stubbing Mary from her role as vice president in the PTA.
“Did you..make this yourself?” Mary stopped and looked behind her, spying on the president of the PTA handling the handmade quilt Mary knitted for Dean when he’d first been born. And, okay, maybe Mary wasn’t the best knitter. Maybe she should have taken a few more classes before hitting the needles, but for fuck’s sake! She was about to burst with a huge baby bump, similar to how she is now, and she wanted memories.
They tasted like gym socks, okay! ‘N he knows that ‘cause of that time when Benny dared him to eat Charlie’s sock with the hole in it at the bottom of her dresser drawer. He remembers gagging and almost vomitin’ but not vomitin’ ‘cause he’s not dog water. Benny couldn’t believe he actually did it, but his name isn’t Dean
to know everything. That's just the law! Looking up at the yellow house where the guy lived, well actually, Dean doesn’t know if he lives there, but he looked really comfy.
Slipping off the annoying brown jacket from his suit, Dean unbuttoned his pants and began shimmying out of them, still dancing. Each time he gets rid of a babysitter, he can’t help but shake his butt a little! It's a tradition, what?
Dean’s legs are sleepy after sitting for so long and they aren’t even going straight home! He has to go to whatever ‘sunday school’ even is. He's been going for like two months and he still doesn’t get it.. Dean doesn’t mind all that much though because he sits right next to Lisa in it.
“Mr. Winchester. Shouldn’t you be playing with the kids?” Kelly (was that a last name?) narrowed her eyes and looked downwards at the Dean’s hands. Now, at closer inspection, Castiel could see something around his wrist too. Something strangely familiar.
It was a beautiful night, as it usually was in Lebanon, Kansas. It was something about the lack of ‘flashy’ lights and pollution that made the stars twinkle just a little brighter in the sky. They waved at Castiel and wished him a goodnight. If only they’d known how bad of a night this would turn out to be.
“Or..or he saw the stupid friend request and he’s gonna friggin’ think ‘m stalking him or something! I’m not!” Dean crosses his arms and scowls at Charlie, her pale features twisted into a wide smile. As much as he wanted to hate her for this, to really talk smack about what she did, he’s..kinda relieved. Dean knows he wouldn’t have done it, even though he really wanted to have text conversations with Cas.
Dean tapped the blue box app with the white ‘f’ on it and smiled real big. Charlie did text him! Lisa hasn’t texted him back yet and that made his tummy squeeze a little but sometimes she was really busy and had grown up things to do. Dean likes when she's grown up like that, a lot of people do.
A tall boy eased into the room and grinned sleazily at Lisa. Dean grabbed her hand tightly and Lisa bit her lip, smiling. “Dee, don’t be silly. Nick is just a boy.”
Don’t get him wrong, there are attractive people god damn everywhere. Which is quite disconcerting considering how inhospitable the atmosphere is. Both men and women with malicious intent (or just really bad breath) have gestured suggestively at Castiel but he's yet to feel the not all too familiar tingle in his lower abdomen, signaling the green sign. Perhaps it is just his instincts keeping him from getting some ‘ass’, as Gabriel has so eloquently put, but he refuses to get sexual with a stranger hiding an STD.
Another brownie face planted into Charlie’s waiting mouth, her missing teeth creating an opening for mushy brownie to spray all over the place. He would’ve been grossed out if it didn’t happen all the time. It’s worse with drinks!
Checking his phone one last time before going downstairs, he read Charlie’s text and replied one last time.
Nick sat slumped in his chair with his arms crossed and a pissy look dripping off his face. “Alright! Alright, children. Who can tell me what Ruth’s sister’s name was?” Jess said, a huge smile plastered on her light face.
He turned his gaze to hers’ and caught her staring at Dean’s side profile. “Does this really bother you? Dean, don’t be such a child.”
Daphne often nagged at him about broken objects in their old house: loud hinges, broken pipes, the usual nuisances. She’d always scolded his lack of skill but she’d always said it all fondly. He misses her.
Dean kicks off his old, brown sneakers and shrugs his green sweater on the ground. They were out aaall day, ever since Pa left for work at the Auto Shop with Uncle Bobby. He isn’t really sure if Bobby is really his uncle but.. Ma says so. And she’s kinda like Lincoln in that way. Ms.Moore told him that Abraham Lincoln was the most honest man alive who died after freeing the slaves. Nick always makes fun of slaves and that makes Dean really mad. That's not something to joke about!
I'm back with another chapter, guys! Plllease don't hate me for taking a little break during ch3. I was worrying about vaccines and babysitting and blah blah blah loser stuff! Anyway! Chapter four, yall!!
Dean sat in between his best friends, Benny and Charlie. Benny has really blue eyes kinda like superhero guy but Benny’s eyes were kinda lighter. Charlie has really bright red hair and she's really skinny but that's why she always brings protein shakes and stuff to class. Carrying a really pink thermal cup in her left hand, Charlie is left handed, she turns her attention to him and almost smiles.
Castiel stepped out of the worn polyester slacks pooled at his feet and stepped into the bell bottoms, simultaneously cursing the creator of such a cursed item. Who the hell? Who had the
Later, when he was lying in his comfortable bed, wrapped in cool gray sheets and soft memory foam, he’d fall into a deep sleep. He’d snooze the hours of stress he’d experienced within the span of 24 hours and awaken a new man.
The bad feelings swirled in his tummy again like it happened yesterday. Why does Lisa look at other boys? All the time, too! She's always got something to say about Garth’s teeth or Nick’s ‘cool clothes’ or Benny’s dumb voice or Kevin’s glasses. But never Dean. She never talks about Dean. Maybe its..its ‘cause Dean isn’t that cool? Maybe that's why she talks about other boys from class?
Yes! Yes!! “Do you have t’ go, Cas?  We could go inside and talk about our powers and have fun! I can show you my favorite things to do!”
He looked under the bed and pulled out a heavy-ish box. A box full of..toys? Bright colored tubes and small thingies sat on top of eachother. Not really sure what was his gift, he promptly began ransacking said box. A few long thingies and some egg shaped thingies were everywhere! A bottle of .. clear, slippery stuff was also in there. It was all really confusing.
“‘M comin’ ma!” called out Dean while making his way down the carpet clad stairs. He didn’t like this carpet, he fell on it once.
Oh, my love, how my heart aches to leave you now. To watch you squirm away in such displeasure, but with my every quivering breath, with all of the bone marrow that makes the 206 in my body, with the gas of each and every star in the god forsaken night sky, I guarantee that you will
I just wanted to warn yall that John uses the F slur in the beginning of the chapter, and their is a graphic sex scene between Cas and someone else who isn't Dean. (Not gonna tell who (; )
Dean sat the BBQ lays on the counter and looked back into the cupboard. Ma said no cookies but..what if she meant to say 'no forgetting the cookies' without the forgetting part? Being the amazing son that he (definitely) is, it only makes sense for Dean to notice her slip up and help her out. Afterall, being a ma can be real tough. Well, that's what Jess says.
Pa told him that the babysitters are for protecting him, but from what?? There's no monsters around here! Dean would be able to sense them and kill them all like Batman does. He knows he has secret powers that ma and pa don’t know about.
Sucking in deep breaths of cold air stretched the wrinkled shirt taut over his chest. He could get through this. As long as he doesn’t aim for Castiel’s face, he could still go to work and look for a decent laundromat. He doesn’t want dramatic Balthazar to joke about his bruises after this.
“But if he knows I’m getting a gift from his house already aaand he hasn’t stopped me, does that mean he doesn’t mind?”
They stood right next to each other in front of the wooden picket fence dividing both properties. The anticipation hung in the air like a heady fog, intoxicating yet lethal. Cas’ big house stood right on the other side of this fence, and inside it held Dean’s gift. His gift for being clever earlier in the morning. He’s never taken a gift before. Usually people just sorta hand it over and Dean would take it, but Cas wanted him to get it himself. Thats easy. He could do that.
Lisa also thought wrestling was stupid. Lisa was always getting compliments for how ‘mature’ she was, whatever that meant. Shaking his head, ridding himself of his thoughts, he walked across the heavily watered lawn over to Baby. Baby, who glowed in the sun like a really shiny rock. Dean likes shiny things, like money and the wrestling champion belt Gunner Lawless wears. He likes it because Dean is a champion too.
you've no event clothing!?" gasped an appalled Balthazar, gawking at Castiel's choice of 'going out' apparel.
Who's Einstein? Is that a superhero? Dean sloppily chewed his food with unmatched vigor. He'd heard Mrs.Moore talk about someone named Albert before but..never 'Einstein'. Does Albert know Einstein? Anyone could be named Albert! Is he famous or something? Maybe Cas will know who Albert and Einstein are and maybe he'll give Dean a gift for being so smart! Afterall, it takes a lot of smarts to make a good question like that.
He looks between both Charlie and Benny and frowns. This is one of a few things that he doesn’t like about dating Lisa. He’d never tell her that to her face, but she can really be kinda..pushy. What if Dean wants to hang with his best buds? Can’t he do that?
Thinking back to all the help ma would need with the hamburgers and prepping the grill while pa was at work solidified Dean’s resolve. “Yeah, sorry. Try not to flirt with Nickie-poo, okay? Bella told me-”
“Missus Kelly?” Dean piped up, looking a little confused but squeezing Castel’s fingers a little tighter in recognition of the red head.
He dropped the umbrella and stared up into his eyes. They’re really blue. Now that he thinks about it, Benny’s eyes are totally different. Benny’s eyes look sorta blue, a little white-ish, but this guy’s eyes look like..like the ocean and..blueberry slushie.
jealous. Palms whitening underneath the strong grip he had on the wheel, he reminded himself just how
Balthazar bristled and slicked his palm through his overly gelled spikes, playful tone lacing his words. “Oh, please! You aren’t exactly life of the party, mister accountant.” As Castiel strolled to the front door of the Winchester home, a rough guffaw sprouted from his throat. “I am very life-bringing. In all senses of the phrase.” he murmured, knocking on the door firmly.
He could see Kelly’s dim green eyes meeting the bracelet with a slight furrow in her plucked brows. Oh god. She fucking knew. She was going to say something. Perhaps something that would give it away and then his mother and father would find out. Could any of this be blamed on Castiel directly, though? A man couldn’t practice orgasm delay without little boys stealing his cock rings nowadays, huh?
Content with his excuse and explanation (if he gets caught n stuff), Dean pokes at the eggs and tilts his head. "Ma, I want some ketchup for my egg please"
As if Cas could read his mind (were they that close?), he nodded at Dean and waved his hand again, saying goodbye. His bottom lip slipped out and he pouted at Cas, shaking his head hard. Cas lingered at his window and stared at Dean, making him feel really small. It was like..like when the principal talks to Dean when he gets in trouble. Like a really bad thunderstorm is in his eyes. It makes him shiver a little ( not ‘cause he's scared or nothin’)
Anyway, strawberry ring pops are totally worth getting eaten by Satan. Not that getting eaten sounds fun. Dean thinks he's way too strong to get eaten, he’s way too muscley to be delicious. He has been trying to work out, believe it or not! Sliding his hand up the bannister, he thought back to the big dictionaries he’s been lifting every morning for the past like..four days.
He looked around and outside his door, making sure nobody heard his inside voice say a bad word. Ma told him that she always hears him but..hah! Not this time. Or maybe she did? And shes waiting for the perfect time to strike?
“Well..tonight is our anniversary.” A bashful Mary began to shuffle in place and smile wide. “He’s taking me out somewhere fancy, which is nothing like John. Usually he’d be begging me to settle for a burger joint.” Castiel could tell that she was madly in love with John Winchester, despite his very obvious flaws. Sometimes love works through all that.
He walked through his fellow neighbors and their family and friends, venturing towards the red and white Walmart cooler. Mm, how delightful one would be just about now. Condensation dripping off the bottle, sliding slow and sensuous down the bottle’s slender neck. Cold and fuzzy on his tongue. The perfect distraction.
She always makes him take his phone on those days. She doesn’t trust the ‘Lafittes’ for some reason.
Also, Is it obvious that I kinda..sorta.. really don't like Lisa? I pretty much despise her guts lmao
It could be spying on their every word! What.. What if it worked for enemy forces? Could ma convince the spy baby to be on their side? And what if the baby had powers too? Could he be his sidekick? But Dean was Cas’ sidekick. Could sidekicks have sidekicks?
His fingers curled around the frilly pieces of the ..the.. He didn’t wanna call them..panties, but that's what they were..  As embarrassing as it was to wear them, the bad feelings in his tummy had disappeared. He felt light and airy.
Shuffling onto his side to easily see her better while not being caught, he caught sight of his admirer. Ah, as he expected. The young woman who'd ran out of the Winchester home with deep green hair. Crouching behind a wide plant across the concrete mall foyer, she had her lime shaded hair balled into a messy bun and a casual hoodie on.
Before he could dive into just how ruthless god really was for forcing him into such a situation, small hands tugged at his index and middle fingers of his left hand. “Caaaas? Are you stuck in your head? Ma says it's okay for that to happen but y’ gotta stop day dreamin’!”
It isn’t horrible. It genuinely isn’t. The fact that April gave it to her definitely doesn’t earn any extra brownie points, though.  Mary loves gifts! Whether or not the gift is good, she’ll take the effort as the real gift. And in any case, this dress would be seen as beautiful and, or, a truce offering. One that has been needed for years. But she knows this was a gift given out of spite.
He stared at the photo. In this, it was Christmas. A tall Christmas tree lit the entire room with cheer. Joy was written all over Mary’s face as she held a very baby fat covered Dean to her chest. He waited, waited for the wave of disgust to rush over him and realize that, no, this isn’t fucking okay or
Glaring down the cul de sac, Mary burned metaphorical (sadly) holes into April Kelly and Cole Trenton’s backs as they easily guided little Bella into their 2019 Buick Enclave.
He is a deity, a thing of beauty and hatred. One to be coveted and adored but not stared at, no one should actively practice such blasphemy. He’d never been a religious man but Castiel would worship Dean with each and every breath of air his lungs could provide.
A buzz-buzz comes from on his blue table-desk. He walks over to it and picks up his phone. Yes, a phone! He was so excited when he got it! He doesn’t really need it, since he can always just use his powers to talk to Benny and Charlie in their heads but..having a phone is fun too! He has a lot of cool games, like..like subway surfers (even though the fat policeman always catches him), temple run (stupid monkey), and piano tiles! Dean likes piano tiles. He uses his super speed powers to get really high scores even though sometimes it doesn’t work.
As he headed to his unmistakable doom, he couldn’t help but scent the slightest bit of.. Is that? Cigar smoke?
“You should try entertaining me better, model.” replied Castiel, head tilted back to release a low chuckle.
Carefully rolling over a concealed speed bump and holding back a chuckle at Balthazar’s description of Dean, a lot was going through his head.
“The boy knows not to say shit, right, boy?” hummed John, dark eyes sliding over towards his son like thick ink.
Even though the bad feeling didn’t totally leave his belly, he felt a little better and checked his phone for that notificate from Char. She said he could call her that and only him and that made him really really happy because not even Benny could call her that! At first he thought it was ‘cause she wanted to have babies with him like Lisa, and Lisa told him to push her during recess ‘cause of that, but its just ‘cause Dean is really rad.
He was used to ignoring stuff he liked. Usually pink and glittery stuff, ‘cause a real man doesn’t wear that kind of stuff. But sometimes..sometimes he can’t help but ..look a little longer at the pretty dresses at the store. He thought all the other guys liked that kind of stuff, but when he asked Benny if he liked Lisa’s dress, Benny thought he meant if he liked
Literally everyone! Even Garth, and Garth is really nice and would never get in big fights like Dean. Lisa doesn’t like Nick that much but she does think he's cute and that makes Dean’s stomach do bad flips. Nick sits at the bad table with Azazel and Alistair. They’re always in detention and getting in trouble.
Dean doesn’t know all that much about cars but..is this even a car? It looked like shit on wheels. If this could run, he’d be surprised. It was a deep, cold gray and curved in all the wrong ways. Maybe it was ‘cause all he knew was the boxy angles of Baby. Where had ma and pa gone anyway? It's not that he didn’t ‘like’ Jo, (okay maybe it is that) but he wanted to spend more time with ma.
Castiel wanted to reassure her that flirting really wasn’t necessary, as she was much too young for his tastes anyway.
“He's a bit of a weirdo, Mary. I apologize.” sighed Zar, arms crossed over his gray V-neck. “He's never heard of event clothes, for heaven's sake.”
For those of you who STILL haven't seemed to catch on, if this isn't your cup of tea, pour it down the drain. Don't read this and write a comment about how 'awful' I am and how I'm goin' to hell. This is ao3, okay? If this is the worst you've seen on here, sweetheart, you haven't seen jack shit.
to be pa. Uncle Bobby came in first, his frayed faded blue cap hanging from his hand. His hand was covered in greasy car oil. They musta’ just came from the auto shop.
Putting down the wet dishes on the rack next to the sink and toaster, Dean dried his hands and hopped off the stool. First, a shower and then he'll get dressed and..and ..errands with ma!
Cas’ backyard is real pretty. Bright green grass and a few trees scattered around for shade. It is definitely a hot day today, Dean feels a few stray sweat drops drag down his forehead as he ninja tip toes his way through the yard.
Shuffling out of his sheets and slipping on his green lantern slippers, he almost felt ready to go downstairs. But not yet. He has to clean his room first. Ma is always telling Dean to clean first before coming to get yummy breakfast and he doesn’t like waiting but he reeeaaally wants syrup-py pancakes.
“Aw, were you expecting us to ditch, Cassie? I’m sure you were, with sneakers like those on, but we must go. Heavens knows Crowley is searching every nook and cranny for a reason to fire me.” Parading out the front door after shoving the soggy quilt into the confines of his suitcase and barely closing it, Castiel felt nauseous for the day to come.
His face and ears grew warm with embarrassment as he thought back to the lacey strawberry panties underneath his jeans. Jeez, with Bella and..his friends coming, maybe putting these on was a bad idea?
What'd you guys think about Dean's first kiss? Castiel's self restraint is being ran thinner than thread at this point, I'm sure. I know the perfect event that'll definitely push him that last inch and finally.. spoilers!
“Yeah, okay, dork. Live long and prosper, bitch! I’ll go help out mama Winchester, not all of us can have fat crushes on old guys.” She held up her hand in the Star Trek hand symbol and dashed away, the stroke of inflamed red a strong guarantee of later encounters. It's times like this when he realizes just how lucky he is to have a friend like Charles. Even if she's kinda annoying with all that ‘old crush’ stuff.
Is mr. superhero guy proud of Dean for drinking all the red kool-aid juice? Even when ma was mad? How could he be a bad stranger if hes happy for Dean? He must be really good.
Shamefully nursing a chubby, he narrowed his gaze towards Dean. He's been told his glare could be piss-inducing and he hated having to use it on his beloved (beloved?) but he had no tolerance for any type of defiance. He doesn't deal with..with..
But nobody expects it to be right in front of your nose. That was the coolest thing he’d ever heard of! When you’re tryna find somethin’ you automatically guess that its not in sight or else you’d have it. But if someone put it where you literally see it, but you're not looking for it there, then it's the best hiding spot. Heck yeah!!
The back door was big but Dean could still touch the brass doorknob. It was warm from the sun. Locked. Jeez, this is gonna be harder than he thought.
Bella was an adorable girl. Wavy, soft brown hair hung over her forehead and laid shoulder length. Thin, peach-tinted lips and a slight nose. Appearance wise? A wonderful girl capable of taking the world by its trousers and ordering it around. Personality wise? April’s god damn twin.
Dean eagerly pressed to the window, his freckled nose upturned onto the tinted pane of glass. A jaw breaking smile stretched across his youthful face. Cas wanted him to be his sidekick, that had to be it. He’d always wanted to be someone’s real sidekick but he’d never met anyone like him. And after meeting Cas? Nobody would measure up! Even Benny and Charlie would be ‘meh’ compared to his former supernatural best friend.
Silently chuckling at his own miserable acceptance of his fate, he almost missed the green blur in the corner of his sight. His peripheral view, while not 100% clear, was at least a solid 75, and how many teens had green hair and hid from Castiel?
It was right then that he wanted to spout out his fictions of her son, of how he wanted to bend him over and fuck into his tight, rosebud of a hole. How he craved for the right moment to slide into the warm luxury that is, that must be her son’s insides. How he dreamed of nothing more than beholding the image of her little boy, Dean, suffocating on every single American inch that was his penis. His cock strained against his slacks.
So far, the day was definitely going to be a blast! Elbow deep in potato guts and mayo, Dean squeezed and mixed them together, making a mushy paste. He didn’t always like potato salad, the relish and eggs always made him feel a little queasy inside but it was on his last birthday that he figured out how amazing it was! He ate it with an extra cheesy extra crispy bacon burger and it’d been like fate! His taste buds were dancing in happiness the whole time!
At approximately 9:37 PM, He’d met the majority of his coworkers, including Balthazar, which was an honest surprise.
Anyway, ma is totally Flash or..she has a secret speed power like Cas and Dean have secret powers. Would she be mad if he brought it up? Pa is at the auto shop with Bobby so there isn’t anyone else around..except, maybe like..
Heavy footsteps slowly clambered down the stairs, one John Winchester steadily making his way down whilst tying his black tie into a windsor knot. “Psycho bitching again, Mary?”
Cas nodded and turned around, walking away. This was his last chance!! Who knew when he’d see him again? What if he decided that nobody should know his secret identity and disappear into the night? “H-Hey, Mr. Cas, sir!” asked Dean, nervous as hell.
The Bradbury turned on Dean’s computer (his uncle Bobby got it for him) and typed something real quick into the URL thingy. He turned his gaze down to the pants and began shucking the blue pants on, over the panties, because he really didn’t wanna take them off yet. Fast typing and chewing gum could be heard over his frayed thoughts.
"Make that a twenty foot pole. Lil' Cas-ti-el 's got the craaaazy eyes." taunted Rubes, grin wide. Pointy incisors glistened in the artificial light, transforming her smile into one of ridicule.
Before we get into the damnation, I have a few words, if ya don't mind? I'll be quick! I know yall wanna watch Cas get all riled up-
Cas smiled at him, making some of those wrinkles ma and pa have show up at the corners of his eyes. Charlie told me that they show up only when someone is really happy. He looks really good with a smile! Some people don’t, like Nick, Nick always looks like he's about to eat someone when he smiles. And sometimes Lisa’s smile doesn’t always look real, she has a ‘mean’ smile.
It worked! It worked and Jo was finally gone!! Dean tossed the tv remote down and sprung off the comfy couch.
While Dean spaced out, he didn’t pay attention to what was going on in the other house. Before he really knew what was going on, he saw those same blue eyes again! They were really,
“Balthazar! It has nothing to do with your sexuality! Last time you came, you flooded the damn place!” She was loud, her voice pinching and thin arms plastered to her hips.
"..Save some for me." She uncrossed her arms and dramatically turned away from him and covered her eyes. "Gee! I sure didn't see one Dean Winchester with chocolate chip cookies!" Her voice was real squeaky, how it usually gets when she lies. And her eyes dart around a lot. She's not that good of a liar.
Castiel could feel both Meg and Ruby's inquisitive states burning into the back of his head as he challenged Balthazar's modeling notion. Zar had the balls to put him in
Eyes like smoky, green fire. Not the right shade of green, not the right tint, but it was decent. Not blonde, no, that’d be too perfect, but red. Red, tawny hair framed her long face. No freckles, no pink lips. Subtle frustration brewed at the differences, too many, not enough, he wasn’t fucking sure. A syrupy sweet smile replaced the inquiring purse of her lips as she leaned closer to him, her soft breasts pressing into his right arm.
Dean’s pretty cheeks colored a heavy shade of fuschia and his lips parted, swollen from being bitten. His small frame had cowered in, as if purposely making himself smaller, trying to please the lust hungry beast inside Castiel.
“I didn’t LICK-” a woman in a particularly short dress glanced their way, confusion and subtle disgust passed over her gaze.
A feminine voice rang from the Winchester home, most likely Mary. Dean's smile waned and an obvious pout tugged at his lips. So expressive. How would it feel for those cherry blossom lips to stretch around his wide girth? Would he choke? Gag?
He didn’t mind ‘slaving’ over the oven all day, though. He really liked cooking with ma most of the time. It's only ‘cause of the bad feelings that he had right now that had Dean actually consider her offer. If he said yeah, then he could go upstairs and get dressed for the barbecue later. Maybe he can wear his pretty clothes under his normal guy ones. Would anyone find out? Maybe he can help out with the pie later after he's dressed. Yes! That's the perfect plan! Nobody could’ve thought of anything better! That's why Dean deserves the gift he's gonna get from Cas’ house later.
“Speaking of going.. Ehm, haha, do you mind if I ride with you? I don’t enjoy using public transportation.”
“Well, you see, Dean has this thing going on for school in a month or two. It’s, well, don’t tell my sweet boy this, but it’s pretty much a glorified pizza party.” Mary giggled to herself, rubbing her bare knuckles (aside from her ring finger) against a machine closest to her.
Thudding down the stairs, Dean feels his phone buzz again. He'll answer after pancakes! He's sure that whoever texted him would totally get it if they knew he was about to totally pig out. Well, unless it's Lisa. Lisa said she should be his first..pri..priority. He shrugged and pushed that thought to the waaaay back of his head. Thinking about Lisa makes his tummy do the bad flips. Is that how it is for every boyfriend?
Sucking in a greedy breath, Mary squeezed her eyes shut and yelled with all of the brewing anger at her very core. A severe, “DEAN WINCHESTER!” erupted out of her slender throat.
They don't have that many cookie options b'cause ma is always checking and throwing them away, but she hasn't checked this week aaaand..yup! Dean's fingers fiddle with a plastic blue wrapper as he tries to reach all the way in the back to whip the Chips Ahoy cookies out. They aren't his favorites, only Oreos are his favorites, but Jo was the last person who actually bought him cookies. She really wasn't that evil or anything.
“Margaret, darling, he is clearly struggling quite a deal to do anything in those clothes.” snarked Balthazar, hand covered over his mouth, muffling small chuckles. Meg leaned against the short loveseat Zar was perched in, neither of them smoking a cigarette, which of course, meant that the third party must be around here somewh..oh.
He was ‘hot stuff’, Daphne would say. The ‘love em and leave em’ type. Balthazar would gape at this information, he’s positive. Yet as promiscuous as rumor made him seem to be, he’s never quite felt that way about himself. Sure, Castiel wasn’t exactly known for his commitment to relationships in his youth, but he’d never felt like a ‘player’.
Shucking hid boxers underneath his ass, he pulled his engorged cock out and began stroking, shamelessly. Let anyone and everyone see. The strawberry, lacey panties sat unperturbed over Castiel’s nostrils, the wet spot from Dean’s sweat and bodily juices making this jerk off session damn near god-like. He began to lap at the wet spot, his tongue desperately begging for more of his doe’s juices. More. He
“Ah, it is a Winchester. So, who has enamored you, Cassie? John or Mary? Mary is a beautiful woman but is a tad bit superficial, if you were to ask me.”
to be a secret (even though ma doesn't like them) because sometimes it's not ok to break into a house. But it isn't breaking in if Cas can totally read Dean's mind and he
Mom stood beside the oven, greasy hands wiping repetitively on the stained white apron tied to her waist.  "John! Language. Good morning, Dean. What'd you dream of last night? Anything worth mentioning?"
that I like .. I like..” he could feel his eyes burning, but he didn’t wanna start cryin’ like a sissy. All he could do was stare a hole into the carpeted floor of his bedroom.
Sometimes, when he thinks about it, he ..he kinda wishes Lisa would have picked someone else. Not that he doesn’t think she's pretty or like her, he does, really! But a lot of his friends aren’t friends with him anymore because of the jerks that Lis hangs out with. That, and he's made a lot of enemies with people he doesn’t even know! Like friggin’ Nick!
It was his work alarm that disturbed his partially wet dream. Castiel wouldn’t usually work on a Sunday, nor would he work a 2 pm- 10pm shift, but he couldn’t make demands on his first day there. Especially when he could choose what days to work in his house, and out at the new accounting office. He was a bit of a recluse on a good day, but an absolute hermit according to Gabriel.
“Ah, I understand. Don’t have too much fun out. I expect you both back before two, if not earlier.” Crowley nodded, the elevator jerking to a stop at the lobby floor at the same time. An aura of authority and darkness surrounded him. He has a past, a dark one, Castiel is sure.
Maybe it was Zar’s awful joke. Or, maybe, he’d finally tipped over his breaking point and swan dived into insanity.
“Linda Tran, a dear friend of mine. Well, she doesn’t like to admit it, like John, in a way, but I’ve got a special discount off!” Zar’s chest puffed with obvious pride that made Castiel’s sides tickle with hilarity. Is he ..proud of ..a discount?
After work, he’d attend a bar of some sort, pick up a no-face, no-name woman and destroy her vagina. Perhaps that would kill off his crush.
to pleasure Castiel. A natural submissive, truly. A sultry groan reverberated through the Continental’s interior, rising from his throat.
good with computers and techno stuff. He thinks she's gonna be some big shot.. Internet geek when she gets older. She might get real famous too. Slipping on his dark gray henley shirt, Dean thought of what he wanted to be when he gets older. He thought about it a lot because his pa is always reminding him that it's real important to always have it in mind. Dean likes space, but he also likes working on cars, but he aaalso likes wearing cute things.
“Oh, baby, you know I couldn’t help myself.” Ma managed to thread together an excuse in between unflattering chuckles.
“All I hear are excuuuuses!” sung Zar, hands clasped in celebration. “Lets go, Cassie! Let us enjoy the wonders of being free, single men! We can go to a small bar I frequent, no clubs for you, not yet. That stick is too far jammed up your ass for any orgies just yet, anyway.”
Securing a tight hold onto her wiry wrist, he led her to the spacious bedroom and tugged the beige curtains open. They tore at each others’ clothing, reverting back to primal desires bubbling in the atmosphere between them. The  bright moon light spilled over her body as she lay exposed on his bed, the blue-gray of his silken sheets quite offsetting on her tanned skin. He shook his head of rational thought and sunk his mind into the dark depths of what really turns him on.
“This little rascal was ‘bravely venturing’ in Castiel Novak’s bushes earlier.” commented ma, arms crossed in that way that made her look really mad, but the small smile on her face told Dean that it was secretly kinda funny.
“I’d always thought it’d be like fucking a opossum. Vicious but small. April sure must leave an impression in bed.”
Pa said he needed a password because ‘every man keeps a lock on his phone, son! Haha.” but he didn’t want one because ma looked at pa weird after he said that. The kind of weird where she was very upset but didn’t want Dean to see it.
Mary isn’t upset that she did not have a ‘gay’ son, she loved Dean just as he was, but it certainly did press her buttons that he most likely wouldn’t reach his full potential with the ever pressing weight of being the “masculine” son. She knew all too well how it felt to be forced into a mold by your stubborn parents.
Soft knocking at her front door saved April The Devil Kelly from Mary’s sharp claws. God damn it. “You know the rest of the way, right? I’ll have to take that.”
Reaching into the smoking car and angrily yanking out his dripping briefcase, he ignored Zar’s bright smile and stalked into the transparent door. Scurried footsteps trailed behind him, Balthazar in tow, chatting happily with a grumpy Linda.
John and a few other men, one he recognized as Will Harvelle, had stepped away from the grill to let the food cook and talk where less people were, Castiel assumed. Mary had stood closest to the grill and therefore somewhat near the beer Cas had accidentally spilled.
“Because she hangs with commoners too. You know what I mean.” Charlie rolled her eyes and, sadly, Dean did know what she meant. Lisa hung out with a ..not ‘bad’ crowd, but a ‘mean’ crowd. She’s always been popular and real pretty which means that a lot of people follow her around. A lot of people in her crowd didn’t like that she chose Dean to be her boyfriend ‘cause he wasn’t as popular as her.
Before she could deliver the final (finishing?) blow, Bella sighed dramatically and waved her small, tanned hand in the air between both women. “Yes, yes. You look spectacular Mrs. Winchester. Now, if the traffic clears up, I could, possibly, join your barbecue.”
And no! He's really not kidding this time! Last time he thought pa was Batman because he spent a lot of time in the bathroom and what else is he doing if not dressing in his batsuit to fight crime? Buuuut it turns out that he just has really bad..ma called it ‘bladder problems’. That's when his wee burns sometimes when he goes potty.
"Nothing too flashy..and—" eyeing Balthazar's choice of fashion, he cleared his throat and shrugged playfully. "No v necks."
“Ta-ta.” The man said, strutting outside of the elevator without a glance behind.  Fergus Crowley certainly was something else. It was only after he’d rushed Zar into the adjoining parking lot did he notice that the man hadn’t mentioned the soaking wet briefcase clutched in his other hand.
“So, you’re..here alone?” asked the feminine voice. Lifting his head and ignoring the slight buzz flowing through his veins, he squinted in confusion. A thin, but not
He hates when he has to go potty right before church. Usually Dean can hold it until they’re sitting down, so he can use it as an excuse to get out of reverend Jim’s boring ramblings but he couldn’t hold it no more!
With that, he succumbs to the lassitude dragging him completely underneath consciousness. But one thought plagues his mind as he relaxes.
and you chose that nasty mean one? What the heck, Charles! Her judgement is kinda iffy, in that case. The fact that she likes Leia over Solo also explains her bad opinions. I mean, Dean gets it. She’s pretty. The buns on her head are real pretty too, but Solo is so much better.
“Hi” Dean sounded kinda shy, he couldn’t help it! This guy was so cool! He had really big hands and he looked like he could take off Dean’s really annoying shirt with the buttons.
The other outfits had been alright, some too comfortable (somehow? Zar had made the comment) , others too 'funeral', yet some were absolute perfection. Not that he'd mention that. No, Castiel knew if Balthazar received one more compliment, his head would swell and fall off his shoulders. And we couldn't have that, could we?, By staying silent, Castiel was being a saint.
He couldn’t believe it. Couldn’t believe any of this. Why had he gone along with this? What the hell convinced him in the first place?
Minor shit isn’t what ruined his clothes, okay? The fucking washing machine did some fucking voo-doo shit and now his basement is flooded. It had nothing to do with putting it on delicate. It
Stairs next. Dean climbed up a flight of stairs (with no ugly carpet) and looked through a few rooms. Some of them were filled with boxes, from moving, he guesses. Until he came to the room right across from his own. This one had the least boxes and had a nice comfy bed on it. Dean immediately hopped on it and started bouncing up and down.
to attend if it upsets you so much. Wipe that frown off your face, Cassie. That wrinkles with age.” Zar’s words were oddly comforting despite his choice of phrasing and overall tone. Something about it, though. Something said that he knew exactly what he was going through and he sympathized.
Twirling and kicking the annoying straight pants off his ankles, he only had his shirt with all the buttons  and his favorite batman underwear on. He hated these shirts because they always took forever to take off! None of the babysitters even asked to help before, which was usually the sign that they weren’t good enough to watch him.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel pinned Zar with a raised brow. “Hundreds of people have died from syphilis.”
As they made their way to Castiel's golden Continental, an offended chortle sounded from the French man in front of him. "I'll have you know that your form wouldn't compliment a good V neck, anyhow." Although his words may have sounded biting and raw, the underlying tone was one of mockery and familiarity. Unlocking the car with his pair of keys, the rickety drivers door groaned in protest and desperately for some good oil.
Superhero guy. Dean blinked slowly up at him. Man, he looked even bigger right here! Before, he was a few feet away and he’d looked as tall as a building, but now he looked like a giant!
“Back home. Just a light burn on my shin. Nothing some Aloe Vera can’t fix!” Mary sounded chipper and relieved. John didn’t say anything but he too looked rather relieved at his wife’s safety.
“Mary wanted me to- To thank you. She wanted me to thank you for watching Dean last night. And that she’s sorry for the inconvenience.” The explanation sounded like John personally ripped it out of a cheese grater. Forced and, Castiel was sure he hadn’t imagined it, embarrassed.
also ahaha.. sorry for the long wait. I've been going through a lot lately. Also, I've decided that this fic will officially finish around 100k words. I'm not sure why I thought you guys would care but idk, if you were looking for a one shot, this reeeeeeally isn't the place to be.
But sometimes it won’t work and he really doesn’t wanna break it so he’ll keep it in his room with the fluffy blue carpet and his comfy bed. Ma says that he is really smart for doing that but one day he's gonna get in trouble and need the phone.
he gave his ma a big kiss on her arm and nodded happily. “Yea, okie-dokie. I’ll be right back though! Don't have too much fun without meeee!”
Safely shuffling into the elevator with his hand still clamped onto Zar’s loose lips, they escaped the curious glances of their peers. Much to Castiel’s surprise, there was another person in the elevator with an amused grin on his face.
Clicking on ‘Posts’, a large collection of badly angled selfies and heavily filtered photos appeared in front of Castiel’s eyes. Also, emojis..everywhere.
"Are you listening to me? Castiel, I expected better from you! Dozing off in the middle of my scolding of your fashion sense? That's Meg behavior if I've ever seen it." huffed Zar, foreign loafers tapping on the wooden planes of his living room floor.
Oh, well. Maybe it's a superhero thing. That’d be so so cool! If he could have more things in common with Cas then maybe he’ll take Dean to his work job. He bets his work is really important and without it the world would prolly shrivel up and die! Cas is really heroic like that. No wonder Mrs. Kelly wants ta’ hang with him.
Normally, had Castiel been presented with a willing woman, he'd gladly be persuaded into a few rounds of steamy regret sex, but unfortunately, since the recent developments regarding Dean, (sweet, sweet, precious Dean.) Castiel's usually eager libido laid dormant.
Her current situation demanded such behavior, after all. Attempting to dress your eight year-old son is nothing to laugh at. Anyone with children could sympathize.
“Ch-Charlie? Is that you? You didn’t see anything! Not anything!” He was quick to repeat his strong defense, his lips quivering and hands balling into the blanket over his head. She couldn’t have seen! No way. His whole world is freaking burning and turning into a huge pile of ash! She’ll stop being his best friend if she really did look.
“Castiel Novak. It's a pleasure.” Leaning forward to grip her hand and enveloping the smaller hand in his, a smile tugged at his lips. Formal but polite. Just how Naomi taught him to be.
His blue eyes nearly popped out of his head. “Ruby!? You’re joking. Isn’t she with Meg? Aren’t they a thing?”
Mary felt a burning rise of irritation manually pull the air from her lungs. John’s headstrong attitude certainly wasn’t one for the weak of heart, thought Mary.
Based on what he knows about all of that stuff.. He thinks he should be a rocket mechanic model. Is that a thing? Even if it's not, he could be the first to make it a thing! He could fix rockets while wearing pretty panties and nobody could pants him because he’ll be everyone’s boss! But he also wants to work wherever his best friends are going to work.
His palm became clammy stuck to Zar’s mouth. The voice sounds familiar. Almost like.. He could swear that it was someone important. Someone you should always remember. Someone-
Thanks so much for the kudos, guys! It means the world to me, really. This chapter is waaaay longer at 11-12k words. I've decided on updating this fic on Wednesdays. I'm still getting used to deadlines 'n all so my bad if this is a lil late.
They’d both gotten out of the car to evaluate the length of the damage done and Balthazar was making it pain-stakingly clear that he was keeping a safe length away from Castiel. He stood behind the fire hydrant and as he got closer, he began side stepping. To the left, to the right. Making a false right and turning left, avoiding Castiel’s arms when he’d tried grappling at his shirt.
“Oh, don’t be ridiculous. Any friend of Mary’s, is a friend of mine.” Linda smiled and pulled him into a one-armed hug.
Each time he got higher, giggling and snorting up a storm, he felt like he was gonna fly! Eventually, he had t’ stop. But only ‘cause he’s here for a mission, not for Cas’ fun gray bed. Dean looked in his garbage can right next to the bed and saw a really long, clear wrapper with white substance spillin’ out of it. What's that?
Lisa didn’t like when Dean was dirty, so he swiped the hand..handkerr..chif? The weird soft small towel that was in his suit pocket and wiped his sweaty face.
What the hell was he supposed to say? No? John stood by Mary, his arms wrapped around her waist and aiding in her safe passage to the behemoth of a car in the driveway. His steady glare and worried furrowed brow showed that there really wasn’t a question at all.
And if Castiel spent the majority of his sleepless night inside in fear of being struck by lightning, well, could you blame him? He isn’t exactly ecstatic to find out just what the hell kind of divine retribution ‘god’ has planned for him. Hopefully, God is empathetic towards his damned libido.
Stroking the throbbing length of his penis and momentarily fiddling with the sensitive skin underneath the head, he felt the burning sensation underneath his skin. Suddenly, the tight buttoned up collar of his shirt was
Was there a laundromat near his house, though? Was there one near his office? How come he hadn’t already drawn a strangely well thought-out blue print of his neighborhood? All he really knew was where his occupation was, his home, and, well, that dive bar where he picked up April Kelly.
Anyways, ma says he looks like a gentleman in this sweater and Dean is a gentleman! He is very gentle. Maybe Cas will think so too. He wants to be a..a good boy, for Cas.
Benny said he is gonna be a chef when he gets older. He’s been learning how to make his ma’s gumbo for years now, and it's real good. Believe him, it tastes like
A glass of milk clunked beside his plate and he looked up at the slender hand holding it. "Why's my little helper got such a long face? Today is going to be a very busy day and I need your energy!" chirped ma, eyes shining with love.
He grabbed his dark brown suitcase and walked out with Balthazar. Castiel rather enjoys the night. The crisp, dusk breeze desperately reminds him of Pontiac, where the air was always fresh. Smog free, if you will. Kansas was a much smaller state than Illinois, although what with nd in times like this, when the crickets could be heard from across the street and the   “Will you need a wingman? Perhaps we can participate in some group activities, mm? An orgy has never hurt anyone before”
“Brownies? I love you, mama bearchester!” Dean could hear Charlie squealing in joy over something as childish as brownies (only adults like Dean realize that brownies are for kids).
He couldn’t see Dean, the very sight of him would be enough to knock down his defenses. He isn’t sure what he’d do with the new found information that, yes-
“How can you not like these? They’re so pretty. With the strawberries and the little frills and.. And..” Dean’s cheeks heated up, way more aware of the fact that he was telling his girl best friend about the panties he's wearing.
He walks over to the big dish washer and watches ma take clean dishes out of it, the ones she put in last night. They had lasagna and breadsticks last night before Dean saw Mrs. Kelly and Cas playing in his bed. Dean likes his lasagna with extra sour cream even though Lisa says that's weird. He's pretty sure all the cool guys like sour cream on their lasagna, anyhow. Lisa is a girl, she wouldn’t get it.
He knows that voice. Rough and grim, almost as deep as his own, but with a tone of authority. A voice of a marine.
Breaking the fit and wiping the corner of his lips, he lifted his head and looked Zar in his eyes. A lie, he had to prepare a lie. A lie that somehow connects to the truth. As it is said, a best told lie is one that is part truth.
“You wouldn’t mind if we borrowed a little detergent, would you? Cassie forgot to bring any and the poor man is hopeless.”
“Oh c’mon, Dean! His profile picture looks like he’s harmless! What's he gonna do? Read you to death? He’s definitely gonna add you. Just give it some time. The guy is prolly’ busy.”
Where he could pretend he’d grown up in a care free environment like his peers instead of a religious dome of hatred.
Dean used his pointer finger to type out a text back. He tries really hard to make sure all the words are typed right before sending it to her ‘cause even though she wouldn’t care, Dean is just a gentleman like that. Pa tries to teach him how to be a gentleman all the time. He always says it's important to treat a girl like she needs help all the time ‘cause they always do. Help opening pickle jars, crossing the street, opening the door, picking out their food, stuff like that. Ma says not to listen to pa, but why not? Girls always smile at him when he opens doors and stuff but they won’t like when he picks their food?
Dean grabbed the dial with his little fingers and slowly twisted the oven to ‘Off.’. Aside from pie, brownies, and the casserole, nothing else was really gonna go in the oven today.
“Meg, I’m not interested in opossums. Nor have I-” his voice incrementally raised just a tad bit, “participated in sexual intercourse with one. I am strictly attracted to humans.”
But little did he know, Dean stayed up a little later when he put his tooth under the pillow ‘cause he wanted to actually see who the Tooth Fairy was and if he could convince ‘em to give him a little more than five bucks (he’s kinda broke). What Dean really saw was his pa’s mega hairy hand digging under his pillow to give him a..get this, three bucks and two quarters!  Not even five bucks!
Castiel’s heart climbed up his leg and slowly lodged itself back into his chest, still vibrating from the scare.
A sympathetic but shocked gasp came from Mary’s glossed lips. Great. What the hell is event clothes? Perhaps it is a Kansas thing. “Well, it looks like he figured it out.” Mary’s eyes slid a very perfunctory glance over his attire and nodded in approval. Something about the confirmation made his shoulders infinitely lighter.
Not only that but he was a hideous lil’ thing! Too big teeth for his head, which would’a been cool if he wasn’t such a freaking nut case, creepy huge bug eyes that stared into Dean’s soul whenever he was around. If he's being totally and 100% honest, he tries not to go over to Charlie’s house whenever she invites him b’cause of her ugly dog.
Since when had he developed the resistance of a monk? Temptation in the form of a greek goddess, a siren leading Castiel to certain destruction, the Northern fucking star, had approached him. Yet he goes on, completely aware of how low his morals have sunken.
"NDA, dear friend. I hate to break it to you. Anyway, how about I get you some clothes that aren't boring?"
Balthazar shook his head at him, half fond, half irritated. The redundant beeping of her scanning tool filled the otherwise quiet silence. Balthazar reached for his wallet at her announcement of the price, but Castiel beat him to the punch, whipping out his trusty American Express card. Zar's smile and scoff/chuckle sated something inside Castiel, that made it all worth it. He repaid his best friend.
The repetitive clacking of Jo’s engine interrupted Dean’s deepest secrets. Secrets that would make pa shake in anger and raise hell all by himself. He stared sightlessly out of the windshield as Jo carefully drove down the busy Kansas streets. They were always crowded after Church and ‘school’ let up. Jo always took him without mistake after church. He knew that his ma and pa always went to brunch (boring lunch?) afterwards with Mrs. Kelly and Mr. Trenton. He doesn’t know why they don’t have the same name like his parents do, but ma mentioned something about ‘independent women’. Independent was a word Lisa used once, and she said it meant to be ‘strong’ or something like that.
“So.. you’re more of a.. Princess Leia than Han Solo?” Charlie’s eyebrows were furrowed together, as if she was looking for the perfect way to phrase it, and that made Dean’s heart warm. She's really trying to find out what he's most comfy with.
He’d awaken as a man ready to deny and fight this obsession he’s developed with every fiber he’s built with.
“Fun party, by the way. I must’ve lost my invitation in the mail, I presume?” Balthazar’s slurred tone suggested that he knew John had never intended on inviting the French man. Hell, Castiel knows that based on the one-sided glaring contest Zar and John are in.
His gaze landed out on the brick house to his right. “Right! Wait, no. That's Meg’s. The one beside hers, then?” Raising his eyes from her house to the plain white one beside it, showed a shirtless Balthazar grinning an odd Cheshire smile at Castiel.
the list goes on forever! Charlie’s smile seemed all knowing, her smile missing a few baby teeth (she lost one last Tuesday), just like how he remembered it.
As he reached the top of the staircase, calves covered in detergent suds and former comfortable mood completely dissipated, the last thing he wanted to hear echoed throughout his home, the walls shaking within an inch of their life.
As Castiel swivelled around looking for the source of the bitter smoke filtering into his lungs, he was met with two large ash-blue eyes, framed in clumpy mascara and heavy white eyeshadow. A hooked nose and an off-shade of foundation adjourned her narrow face. Ah, the infamous ‘Rubes’.
“Hey, are you.. Are you new to the block? I haven’t-” she cleared her throat and batted her wet eyelashes up at him. “Haven’t seen you around here.”
“Oh, please. As if your furniture isn’t semen soaked as well.” Castiel retorted while turning his key in the ignition.
Did he fucking know? Did he fucking know that Castiel jerked off in his home and on his wife’s quilt, nonetheless? Was he here to gift him the beating of his life for lusting after his
A broad smile extended on his face as he imagined himself in tattered clothes, running away from a gigantic boulder with something really expensive in his hands. He began walking faster, dodging people with more ‘finesse’, spinning his body and overexerting himself.
"You're so close minded, Castiel. You would've looked positively mind boggling in those and it is such a shame that you decided on regular old basic pants!"
“A polyamorous thing, Cassie. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were a sheltered boy.” scoffed Zar as he crossed his legs underneath the dash.
"Woah, Cassie! If you wanted to get 'jiggy' you could have simply informed me before hand" said Zar, flirtatious in even the most untimely situations. His casual attitude dulled the nervous flames eating at Castiel's calm, though. It was something about it that he couldn't put his finger on. He'd think of it later tonight.
Castiel grabbed his suit jacket and slipped it on over his black button up and navy tie. He was going to work for eight hours ignoring the desirable critter mere yards away from where he stands just now. He could have his cock floating in Dean’s saliva for hours on end, until his gag reflex is all but demolished. Bury his sizable penis (Castiel isn’t stupid, he knows hes well endowed) deep into his little mouth until the thick tip has rubbed mercilessly at Dean’s skinny unused throat. Poor sweetheart wouldn’t be able to talk for days.
He was going to speak with John Winchester. He liked to believe that he’d formed somewhat of an acquaintanceship with him on his moving day, but even that conversation had been stilted and he’d ruined it by mentioning his dead wife.
His phone was still on and he wrapped his comfy, big blanket around his shoulders. Lisa liked his blanket. She wanted to hug him under the blanket last time she came and she touched his legs a lot. He doesn’t know why.
“Rubes told me she saw you two.” Meg murmured, eyes heavy with intent, but he’s not sure what exactly she wants. “Said she saw you practically eating her before you’d even left the car.” Her voice dipped into a sultry growl, slightly less evident than John’s but still present. Thin fingers curled around the collar of his white shirt, bending and unbending the fold.
Grabbing a strong hold of the vines, he slowly climbed down, making sure he had a sure footing on each panel on his way down.
Before he fully comprehended what sin he had committed, thick come spurted seemingly all over the steering wheel.
As they both leaned into each other, creating a cocoon of heated mumbling, trading soft kisses and rough gropes, Castiel couldn't help but feel envious. The freedom to simply express how one feels is completely lost on him, what with his newfound (illegal) crush. And even with Daph, she'd been more of a "under the blankets" type of lover. Public affection had seemed crude to her. Now that he thinks about it, why had she limited Castiel to secretive kisses and mere hugs?
“Mommy really needs help with the food, baby.” the bad feelings grew even stronger and made his tummy start hurting. It gets like this a lot of the time when he doesn’t wear his favorite stuff in a long time. Without answering, Dean took out the potatoes and mayo for ma’s perfect potato salad. He’ll have to wear his ..secret clothes later.
He slowly walked up the stairs, his socked feet (ironman socks!)  catching on the rough fiber of the carpet lining the staircase. Jolly ranchers are an
Amongst Balthazar’s sputtering and curses, Ms. Tran sighed and waved her dainty hand in the air, a look of resignation mixed with fondness pulling at her gaze. “Alright. I’ll honor this ridiculous discount story you’ve told your friend..?”
Wiping at his eyes and ignoring Jo’s “Whats wrong?”, he slid to the front of the chair and stared at the yellow house. Inside the wide windows, Dean could see superhero guy moving around, but he couldn’t get a good look at what he was wearing or carrying. Did this make Dean a weirdo? For staring into the front windows? But he could just blame it on the car driving towards the house! Yeah!
As he headed to the fitting room, ignoring the loud smacking noises of Meg and Ruby's make out session (the second or third? He lost count.), Castiel pondered on whether this was a good idea at all. Dean had begged him to come and Missouri had suggested it, but was being near the subject of his recent jerk off sessions healthy?
He waved at him and if Castiel thought that smile couldn't grow bigger, well, he was in for a surprise. Dean practically perked up, ecstatic to be the spotlight of his attention. Preening, most likely subconsciously, Dean batted his curled eyelashes at Castiel. Suggestively. It had to be. He is
Charlie marched outside with the potato salad and half eaten brownies as Dean took out the stepping stool to get to the chips from the tall, tall cabinet. He decided he’s gonna get the ones that he likes ‘cause he has really really good taste. They have a lotta’ chips ‘cause Jo convinced ma that if he’s not allowed to have sugar, then chips would be fine.
“Watch the company you surround yourself in, Novak. It says a lot about you.” John stomped away, broad shoulders lightly sprinkled with rain drops and permanent wrinkled frown plastered onto his face.
Which dress says, “This is just a BBQ, I don’t want drama today” without yelling, “I’m ignorant to drama in the PTA.”
Spinning his head around and glaring daggers at his friend’s back, Castiel suddenly decided that if he were to live after this day, if somehow he managed to escape the rising terror building up around him, he will murder Balthazar Milton.
"Someone is still sleepy, mm? Standing there all stuck in your own head. Sit with your father and eat up, sweetheart." murmured ma, hand ruffling his dainty blonde locks.
He was the new kid at his job and already, all of his surrounding coworkers raised their eyebrows in disbelief.
thin ginger stood beside Castiel, leaning on the red barstool beside him. His eyes slid down her frame like molasses. A dress that hugs her thighs as if they’re water and it's a very hot day, pointy shoulders sticking out of her faded leather jacket.
A low whistle resounded from behind Zar's awed gasps. "A whole new Clarence. Just gel down that hair and you'll be a hit with the Winchesters" snarked Meg, her snake long tongue darting out to line her lower lip.
“We’d go clubbing every night and you’d truly know what it means to date a foreigner with class. Your every need is my command”
That's the first time he thought of Lisa that way without feelin’ real sad after. He lifted himself onto his tippy toes and reached for the box of Strawberry capri suns. They only got it ‘cause these are the only ones ma lets Dean have. One bad word from his doctor and his ma friggin’ ruined his..his.. Diet! And he's been noticing it too! She’s been tryin’ hard to sneak greenery into his food.
“No..I am and always have been Han Solo!” he grinned wide, bringing his knees away from his chest and sitting criss cross applesauce on his bed. Sure, Charlie could see his wee in the panties (they were pretty tight) but she only liked girls, right? So what difference would it make?
candy, but he wouldn’t go coo-coo crazy over it like Charlie does..like all the time. He’s more of a ring pop kinda guy. Especially the strawberry ones!! Those are friggin’ good!
“Believe me, I.. definitely want to, but I shouldn’t. I’ve got normal human work to attend. I’ve got to blend in with all the civilians and just for the record,” he stepped closer to Dean.
Frustration welled in his throat and made his eyes watery. Charlie is one of his bestfriends and he only had two. Benny was fun, but Benny
Jogging down the steps and nearly slipping on the wet soles of his feet, Castiel diligently looked for his plain toe derby dress shoes. Loud knocking resounded through the tall walls of his house once more and he pinched his eyes shut.
Dean almost couldn’t breathe! Nickie-poo? Oh GOD! He doubled over in his chair and cackled loud, the entire class 3x louder than before. Lisa’s adorable snorts were muffled into Dean’s neck as she leaned into him. She always told Dean that a real woman wasn’t supposed to laugh out loud, and instead be ‘mysterious’ and ‘cunning’. He has to admit that that is what attracted him to her. Maybe she knows what she's talkin’ about?
The absolute mistrust he felt was so strong, he couldn’t believe it! Had he been hallucinating? Did his ma truly trick him into gobbling up leaves from Satan’s garden?
The bartender, which is Meg (Their neighbor Meg, which Zar failed to mention), has been chatting him up while refilling his whiskey on the rocks. Whether or not her company is simply placating him or for her genuine enjoyment, he is glad to have it, as it makes him seem a little less awkward sitting alone.
It was growing late. The sun began to sink low into the far horizon, a myriad of pinks and tangerines frolicking among the wispy, not-there clouds. As close as he was to the Winchester home, he could hear the Barbeque in full swing. He dreaded the idea of making a 'fashionable entrance' (although Zar favored doing such), his sense of self preservation was simply astoundingly strong, as it wouldn’t allow him to embarrass himself twice in one day.
Almost like sea blue but not sea blue. Kinda like the blue Dean doesn’t usually like because it's for girls, but.. For some reason he likes it a lot. Cas’ eyes are not only for girls. Dean likes them too.
“At the BBQ? We didn’t get to talk but I saw you talking to that troublemaker Dean Winchester.” Linda smiled a reminiscent grin and shook her head. Balthazar’s noises finally died off with the slam of a lid closing.
to Mrs. Kelly, but ma says lotsa bad things about her. And ma never talks like that about anyone unless they’re like..evil. Like the worst person on earth.
Dean shrugged and stood up, looking for some pants to put on (ones without potato salad). He still had to get dressed, maybe in something Cas liked? He could feel Charlie’s eyes on him as he grabbed some baby blue jeans and a gray  long sleeved shirt. It might be a lil’ chilly right now n’ he doesn’t want his ma to have a heart attack over it.
A wide smile spread across her face and she slapped his back a few times. Charlie really was pretty. He really liked her red-orange hair. If Lisa had Charlie’s hair, maybe she wouldn’t be with someone like Dean. Maybe.
Anyway, she really wanted to get rid of ‘im, just ‘cause stupid Bella spread the lie that he touched her in naughty places on a Wednesday, but on that Wednesday, Dean saw her hanging out with Nick in the Tetherball area!! Nobody believes him though. They all started talking so much bull crap about poor Mr. Shurley.
Dean looked in the oven and saw the casserole on the top rack and a..a pie! A pie on the middle rack!  His little heart went pitter patter in his chest and he almost felt like dancing! Yeah, his ma had said that she was gonna make it doesn’t actually mean that she always is gonna do it.
The frills were really dainty and reminded Dean of like..a flower. Gentle and could be crushed under his foot, if he wanted. Usually he didn’t like doing stuff like that, but maybe if he reaaaaally wanted to. His favorite flowers were forget-me-nots. His ma told him about those. They’re real blue and smell ..not that sweet. They’re okay. And Dean likes that! He does! He can’t stand when something is too sweet or too bland.
Dropping his hand and plastering on the most professional smile someone can have when caught leaving for lunch, Castiel felt like a fly on the wall. “Hello sir, Mr. Roche and I were just heading out for.. Lunch.” His own words sounded like the most false confirmation ever, and he’d expected to be called out for it, yet the Brit’s smile stretched wider and he stood straight.
Plopping onto the cool gray sheets, the telltale signs of slumber began to settle over his prone form. Eyelids heavy with fatigue, he reads the neon blue numbers on the alarm clock upon his night stand. 1:28 AM.
here? I guess we can’t all be punctual, mm?” A sickly sweet tone clung greedily to her judging words. “Scoot, scoot, bells. Time is moneyyy!”
Forcing two fingers into her damp vagina, his knuckles sank into the loose heat. Loose. Not tight, not Dean. Quick prep, fast. Her shrill moans aggravated Castiel’s libido, he wanted to hear something quieter, gentle. Messy and fast, her bodily juices running down the expanse of his wrist.
She wasn’t bad looking, no. Any man or woman who first cast a glance at her bright smile and green eyes would fall for the mask. But not Mary. Mary has known her for long enough to know that the snake underneath is always waiting. Waiting and watching its’ prey. Hungry. Starving. Patient for her to put her guard down so her boney frame could ambush her for all that Mary stood for.
Standing at the front door, stood the guy! Without a shirt, his muscles looked really big and shiny in the sunlight. A huge smile stretched taut across Dean’s cheeks. He waved outside the window and watched as the old superhero guy dipped his head down and gave him a really secret smile. Like how mommy gives him sometimes, when she is proud of Dean for getting good grades ‘n stuff.
Is he like batman? So ..he has a butler, then? But Alfred wouldn't have let Dean sneak into Cas' backyard. He's too..karate for that. Does that make sense? Lisa would..no, Cas would know.
This chapter is chock-full of dialogue which is blegh, boring, i know, but i have to set the ground work for the porn, guys! Be patient with lil' ol' me XD
It was right then, when Mary was blurting out her true feelings on his actions, that he wanted to tell her.
“Huh? Sorry. Actually, no. I’m not sorry. John Winchester was going to bite my head off because of our .. our..-”
Does he have little kids who come into his house and make him feel not loved anymore? Do superheroes have brothers and sisters? Is that weird? Would his brothers and sisters be weird too? Do they wear weird bee pants too?
Castiel was not attracted to young boys, boys who hadn’t even touched puberty with a ten foot long pole. Could the boy even ejaculate yet? Was he too young?
A pair of sticky lips pressed against his cheek. “Dee, you can go. I’ll see you tomorrow at your mother’s function. You won’t be at school on Monday, right?”
The out of place female voices struck a chord inside of him as they sounded eerily familiar too. Almost like-
That's the most he's come since.. Well, ever. Pulling the panties away from his face, Castiel quickly realizes that he fucked up.
Seconds after the sentence was uttered out of John Winchester’s hairy lips, Castiel’s imagination ran wild. Feral in the most ferocious way. Dean, slippery and wet, soap suds clinging to the soft slopes of his curves. Dean, surrounded by rubber ducks and action figures floating in the soap-clouded water. Dean, dripping with cold bath water, begging Castiel for a warm towel. Thin body kneeling at his feet, big green eyes watering with want. Desire. He needed a towel. He needed warmth.
Her laughs break off into soft giggles, her messily braided hair swaying with crimson joy. “What's so interesting about him anyway? It's not like you to get all nervous about talking to
Although the laundromat was a peaceful place, he’s damn near positive they wouldn’t take his public masturbating in stride.
The beginnings of a migraine stoked the already irritated fire at the base of Castiel's skull. How did he obtain the tolerance and, mind you,
, Mr. Winchester.” her narrowed auburn glare practically set Dean on fire. “Would Mary appreciate knowing that her little ‘adventurer’ is being naughty in class?”
OH my goood! Can I just like..give all of you simultaneous hugs? Each and every one of you that gifted me a kudo, subscription, or bookmark, you're literally making me sob happy tears! And even if you're just reading it, thank you so much for looking into my little satan's asshole of a fic! We're all damned here, might as well be reading good smut while doing it, amarite?
Dean didn’t like when Lisa wore lipgloss. It reminded him of his mom and he didn’t wanna kiss his mom on the lips like that. It made Lisa’s lips sticky and therefore made his lips really gross and sticky too. He doesn’t say this to her though. He just leans in again for another kiss.
He shivered thinking about that. Watching her eat that was ..wrong. Just wrong. His fingers curled around the pasty, egg minced goop. A tickle-y feeling came up out of nowhere around his sides and he began laughing uncontrollably!! He wiggled around and threw his head back, potato salad hands waving around in the air.
“..Touche.” Balthazar nudged him with his sharp elbow and slipped the quarters into the necessary slots.
Squeezing his eyes shut, Castiel dug into the pile and pulled out a random shirt. What were the chances that the shirt would be any worse? A red cossack shirt hung limp from his shaking fingers. No,
As other students began filling out of the classroom, Jessica brushed the chalk off the board with an old, ratty eraser. “Now, Dean.” she hummed from her place at the front of the class. “Mrs.Winchester specifically told me that you can be rather..well, wild. I know better than to let you go crazy with Ms. Braeden.” Jess playfully smirked and waggled her finger at the both of them. “Go on. Shoo.” she turned back to the board and began clearing her jumbled desk.
Kelly shook her head beside Castiel and rolled her eyes to herself, although he noticed perfectly clear. “Dramatic.” She, too, was ushered out of the house by who Castiel assumed was Ellen Harvelle.
The accusation sat in his abdomen, hard and unmoving like stone. Is that what he was, now? Shouldn’t the idea of gradually feeding his swollen cock down Dean’s thin throat disgust him? Or pounding Dean’s lithe body against every surface imaginable both in the Winchester home and his own? Shouldn’t it ring him as ‘wrong’? Castiel nodded once, twice, trying his very best to summon forth the disapproval of his murky thoughts.
“Why’d you have to scare her off? I don’t know what I’m doing.” Castiel glared at Balthazar, only to be meeted with a slight smile. He was beginning to regret not killing Zar.  “Do not underestimate my powers of washing, my friend. I will wash every stain and crumb off of Mary’s quilt.” Zar’s sure tone held a certainty that made Castiel incrimenty lower his guard.
“Uh..I couldn’t.. I haven’t.. I dunno if he’d even wanna talk to me!” Dean wasn’t usually shy, he made friends really fast, but he didn’t wanna ruin things with Cas if he said the wrong thing. What if Cas realizes that he doesn’t wanna be friends with a..a..kid?
He grabbed a few beers to toss (not literally) into the cooler. Dean doesn’t like beer so he didn't get that much. He looked for stuff that maybe his friends would like to drink but stopped short. What if Lisa didn’t like anything they had?  What if she broke up with him because they only had strawberry capri suns instead of Pacific Cooler?  He really liked the taste of pacific cooler ones but he didn’t know if he’d go as far as to..to break up with someone over it.
“Love your home.. It's got ..character.” The bullshit tone was damn near aggravating as April swayed her hips behind Mary. Could she have been any more obvious about how much she definitely did not give a shit about her home? Or maybe she did give a shit. Such a big shit about it that she invested loads of sarcasm into six small words.
“Coming!” he replied, voice hoarse and unused. Pissed marine at his door or not, he still had to get dressed for work. Shucking his last white dress shirt on and hurriedly buttoning it up, he pondered on what would be in his eulogy. Who would write it? Gabriel? He’d always gotten along with him the best, through their ‘black sheep’ status in the family. And wasn’t that hilarious? Before, he’d gotten labeled as the ‘reject’ for not marrying the woman his mother introduced him to, but what about now? If his mother, if Naomi Novak knew about his ..recent hobbies, she’d have a stroke.
He accidentally nipped at her upper lip and he could’ve sworn she was gonna snap at him like she does all the time, but she hummed happily. She liked that? Lisa’s skinny hand rested on his upper thigh and his eyebrows raised really high on his forehead! Lisa wants to do more? What is there more to do? She wants to..to..-
Perhaps Zar was offering his own company? Castiel couldn’t imagine Zar being patient with a child. Or with anyone, really. As long as he’s known him, that being not long at all, he’s always been the child.
Sipping the unrecognizable brand of beer, the actual paper wrapped around the glass bottle indistinguishable after sitting in cold ice for god knows how long.
Nick was a real jerk sometimes. He told Dean that Lisa only liked him and Benny and Charlie were only friends with him because he was the only kid in class with a phone. He pushed Dean that one time when he brought his phone to class on the first day of second grade ‘cause..’cause..ma said it was ‘cause Nick was jealous, like pa.
Dean turned around and rolled his eyes so his ma wouldn’t see it. She always reminds him to do that even though his room barely gets dirty like that! ..Okay, maybe he does dirty it up sometimes.. But that's only when his best friends come over! Charlie always leaves her jolly rancher wrappers everywhere and that makes a huge mess.
Some people love tomatoes and lettuce on their salads but that's like.. evil. Anyone with actual taste buds (sorry Lisa) would agree! Sometimes you've just gotta realize that lettuce is for little rabbits and meat is for big men like Dean! Pa told him that and even though ma doesn't agree, Dean totally does. Meat is really good! His favorite is chicken and lamb. But ma says lamb is really expensive and can only be bought once a week.
Castiel’s head swung upwards, the female voice growing painfully familiar in a dreadful type of way. He knew that voice. He’d heard that voice his first day here. She’d laughed at him and poked fun at his conversational cues. Instead of something business casual, as Crowley says is mandatory, she wore combat boots and skin-tight jeans. Her small breasts stood proudly in the baggy yet tasteful V-neck she wore, and between them hung a silver necklace.
Charlie threw her head back, red strands of hair following the movement, and laughed loud. “My gods, Dean!! I thought making friends was as natural as breathing to you? Alright, alright. I’ll help you out.”
“I did once! I swear I did, but .. Megara, well, she has interesting friends. Said friends took it.”
He wasn’t always enemies with Nick, not to say that Nick was ever ‘nice’ to him or anything, because that’d be a lie, but he definitely wasn’t as mean as he is now. Before, Dean would just walk by him in the hall and Nick wouldn’t spare him a glance.
“That’s strange. I’d heard your wife was dead?” Linda tilted her head, her dark bob shaking to the side.
Maybe Cas thinks it's cool? Is his favorite superhero in Marvel or DC? He was kinda old, what if he didn’t know what marvel and DC was? Dean could show him with their big TV. Maybe he’d ask Cas to come over after the bbq to watch movies. He couldn’t stay the other day but maybe he doesn’t have to go to adult work today?
Everything was good as gravy. ‘Til she let that lil’ tidbit flow. She hadn’t even known anyone was listening. But of course, the infamous Kelly was listening in, the damn vulture poking and prodding at her passing thoughts. Nobody is safe around her.
Lisa didn’t see how much cooler Dean was than Nick (he had a phone and spiderman jammies!) but she would one day.
Unbuttoning the marbled button that tied the dark of his slacks together, Castiel watched methodically as they slid down the length of his legs. He prided himself on the fact that, regardless of the strange looks he has received in waxing salons, his calves and thighs were soft with light dustings of dark hair. Royal blue boxer briefs clinging to the slight curve of his ass, he had to admit it. He looked good.
That would’ve made Dean upset when he’d first met Lisa because he hadn’t known all that much about her other than the fact that she liked his green eyes and humor. After a few months though, and after all the times she corrected him and scolded his ‘stupidity’, he slowly started to see the Lis Charlie had been warning him about.
Had he ‘jinxed’ himself in the laundromat by thinking of Dean so openly? Had God laughed at his sinning and decided that Castiel had it much too easy? Was anything about today ‘too easy?’ The dent on his car was much more dramatic than he’d assumed and even scolding Zar for his reckless driving didn’t make his ill feelings disappear.
“Yes, well, the adults are trying to talk.” Kelly seemed determined to have a conversation about last night, which Castiel was dreading (doesn’t this chick know what one night stand means?) but he also had to admit that the faster he got that god forsaken silicone cock ring off of his wrist, the better.
Hooo wee! How is Cas gonna deal with his raging hard boner for his super hero lovin', pie eating, unbelievably oblivious neighbor Dean Winchester? Stay tuned, folks! I will try my absolute hardest to stick to this schedule, gosh darnnit!
“Oh? And I’d go on to tell everyone, including the bartender, of how my best buddy, Castiel Novak, jerked off in his car and licked his own semen off the steering wheel.” Zar shrugged with a nonchalance that taunted Castiel’s very being.
Does Mrs. Kelly like them? What does she think of them? Of Cas? Cas really is making friends so fast here.
This one time Bela poured paste into his shoes in first grade and he tried to put them on and they did get on but ..they wouldn’t come off. She and Lilith and Josie laughed really hard and Dean didn’t cry! He didn’t, no matter what Benny says.
He gripped the car keys harder, finding comfort in the familiar sting of the key’s jagged edges, and shook his head free of Daphne. She is in the past, with his past job and the past Castiel Novak.
Tentatively picking up an article of clothing, a pair of bell bottomed pants, completely blanketed in cheetah print. Apart from the horrific design, the actual size of the pants seemed to be roughly similar to his own leg shape. Castiel was not ignorant, he knew, as many of his previous lovers knew, that his thighs were large enough to (potentially) crack skulls.
The sputtered hiccups of the old washing machine sitting beside the equally old dryer began beating roughly against the concrete ground, the empty basement making the echoed sound damn near intolerable. What the hell was Castiel thinking, not replacing these as soon as he’d stepped into the home? Clearly clinging to its former glory, the washing machine spurred and rocked with supernatural strength.
The big U of houses came into Dean’s view and he visibly relaxed at the sight. He could see the big yellow one first, and then his house, and then Missouri’s, and Meg’s. Pa told him not to talk to Meg and Ruby because they were ‘breaking the law’ by being together but Charlie told him they were really cool. Charlie is really cool. At first, when Dean mentioned the chance of Charlie liking girls in front of pa, he got really mad and told him to stay away from her. But thats stupid!
He knows that look. His mother had looked at him like that when she’d spied his Playboy collection. She’d scolded him but also seemed simultaneously proud that he was, indeed, straight.
There was a time when Castiel couldn’t fathom Mary Winchester as part of the PTA or as a petty housewife with nothing better to do than gossip over dry brownies and children affairs.
He knew this entire time. He had seen the redhead at the bar and had purposely, or conveniently, left out: oh! She lives RIGHT NEXT DOOR!
"Please Char? I feel like I'm withering away without some decent sugar! And are cookies even sugar? I'm pretty sure Jess said it counts as veggies or smthn'. Yeah, uh huh."
“What looks better? Nothing looks better. I wasn’t wearing anything.” his eyes squeezed shut, maybe he was having a really bad nightmare. Maybe he fell asleep with his panties on?
“Of course. Your house is quite quaint. I’d find my way.” a tight lipped smile yanked tightly at her botox filled lips.
Missouri’s rich chuckling and Patience’s soft giggles drained all of the bad feelings out of Dean and he grinned wide. “Mary, you know your little Dean is an adventurer! Believe me, Castiel will understand. I’ve met him, with balthazar in tow. He managed to resist his ‘seduction’” replied Missouri.
Eyes rolling up towards the sky, as if asking god himself, ‘why me?’, Mary sighed heavily and firmly gripped Dean’s thin elbow. The brown material of his slacks snagged on a sharp bush thorn, causing a startled whimper to rip out of his mouth.
Imagine all the time they could spend together! When Cas comes over to hang with pa, Dean could steal him and show him all his action figures and they could dress up together and maybe he’d like to play on the swings outside?
Dean’s powers are super secret. Nobody..NOOOObody knows about them. Except maybe Cas. He's gonna tell Cas more when he texts him on the white F app.
He hadn’t noticed at the time, but he dropped his beer on the grass as soon as Dean’s hand had come into contact with his. His calloused hands, rough from..what? What manual labour does Castiel do, other than lift the burden of this crush-like obsession he has on a child? An innocent child, no less.
He rushed up the dry wood stairs, deciding on ignoring his desires once more. He should begin seeing someone, anyone, to rid himself of the temptations Dean Winchester presents.
“Look, slugger, if I bring you home late Mama Winchester is gonna have a conniption. Plus, it's my job to tame your lame ass. Up and at ‘em.” said a pissed Jo, crossing her arms.
pretty. Bella was ‘ok’ pretty, and Charlie was ‘good’ pretty, but Lisa took the cake. Wasn’t that the saying? Why couldn’t it be: ‘took the pie?’ Pie seems like something Dean would actually try to take, not cake.
Granted, the treasure of his affections will be attending, but Castiel has once again decided to hold on (mercilessly) to his resolve of obliterating this crush. Because that's all it is. A crush. On a child.
The clear doors shut rather loudly this time and a small brunette began walking towards Dean. “Dee? That you? What happened?” asked a concerned Lisa Braeden.
Mary chuckled along to their small argument and handed Zar a cup of some nondescript detergent brand Castiel hadn’t the energy to analyze. It was bright orange and smelled decent. Not only that, but it was the perfect idea to ask Mary for her detergent, as she would’ve noticed that the quilt smelled different if they’d used anything else.
Seatbelt be damned, he jerkingly pulled out of the space and began speeding home. What would truly be detrimental to his grand plan involving his penis would be if a police officer were to pull him over.
“Dude. I saw my underwear on you.” the familiar voice made the fear in his tummy spike up and hurt really bad. It felt like someone with really big hands just squeezed his tummy real tight. Charlie’s skinny arms pulled herself up from the vines that grew up into his window and she landed in his room with a light thud. “They totally look better on you than me, not gonna lie.” She sat on his desk, her legs swinging back and forth.
"Earth to Cassie! Get your mind out of the gutters! We've got outfit mending to accomplish. Now, ladies, what do you think of tenu numéro un? Quite unique, his crush would certainly notice him, mm?"
cake before. And you won’t believe how terrible it was!! it wasn’t even really a cake! It tasted like..nothing. Literally nothing. Except maybe like paper. But he's never eaten paper, ‘cause only weird kids did that. He remembers when Garth ate his homework because his crush Bess told him to.
Castiel hadn’t meant to ease drop, really, but when two women were talking, anyone could listen in. Especially with how animated Mary Winchester is.
“But she does. And it is putting so much pressure on their little one, Dean. You’ve met Dean, right? Most adorable little thing I’ve seen in ages. I was around when he was a little kid, don’t you know, Cassie? Very cute.”
Clear minded, guilt began to sink into his bones. Fuck. That's John’s kid, John’s boy. What the hell had he done? Surely, surely, everyone would know at first glance what he's done. What he is resisting. Could they judge him? Have they been on the receiving hand of such mouthwatering teasing?
Pulled out of his racing thoughts and forced back into bitter reality, he had to admit that he, stupidly, did not hear a thing John Winchester said. Is it too late to grovel for his life?
Dean likes a lot of games. Lisa spends a lot of her time playing games on her phone, which is..okay, he guesses. But he likes actual games he can play with his actual hands and his actual body. One of Dean’s favorite faaavorite games to play is kickball. He friggin’ loves runnin’ to the bases and he's got a really good foot for extra extra bouncies.
