A couple of days later, Dean decided to take Cas out for dinner, along with Charlie. It had been a long time since the three of them had gone out together. Of course that led to a lot of teasing on behalf of Charlie about how she didn’t want to be third wheeling and she invited along Gilda, who she had finally gotten serious with. They decided to go out for dinner on the Friday before Cas’ birthday, which was falling on a Sunday.
Charlie turned as red as her hair as she replied, "Well, first of all, I'm so sorry for your hearing, Dean. How will you ever listen to my good news now that you're deaf, I mean I'm so fucking sorry that I broke you", her voice dripping with sarcasm. Dean shot her a 'I love you and I'll kill you while you sleep' look, which Charlie ignored and continued, this time without any sarcasm.
His marriage was deteriorating and he knew it was all his fault. His boss, Zachadouche Adler as Cas called him, had been holding the idea of a promotion and pay raise over his head for almost a year, making him work outrageous hours and an obscene amount. It was putting a strain on his and  marriage but they needed the money that would come with the raise and he didn’t know what else to do. Cas had been very understanding, stopping by at the office after his classes to bring Dean lunch which he knew Dean would have forgotten to eat, giving him back rubs whenever sitting in front of the computer got too much, and not complaining when he had to cancel their dates. That didn’t mean that Cad didn’t feel hurt or  that he didn‘t  deserve better. He deserved much better, Dean decided as he towelled off, planning to do something special for Cas as soon as he got a day off.
“Oh hey, Cas” Dean said awkwardly. “I thought you would have left by now, you know, for your date with Balthazar.”
No sooner had Dean shut the door of his car, Cas attached his lips to Dean’s neck, kissing and sucking bruise after bruise on every inch of skin that he could find. Dean moaned and wrapped one arm around Cas. It was difficult to drive using only one hand but he had better stuff to do anyway.
“One would think you’d have gotten used to it by now, blondie.” he teases her and looks at the domestic scene in the kitchen.
“It’s nothing, Cas. Just that classes are about to start again and I’m overreacting about that.” Dean told him, but they both knew it was just an excuse, a stupid one at that.
He was snapped out of his musings with Charlie’s greeting of “What’s up, Handmaiden?” Dean rolled his eyes at the nickname.
Before Dean could say anything, Cas interrupted, “Don’t worry, I already told him to go home. So today Dean will go home and sleep and then come out for drinks with me, before joining back for work tomorrow.”
Thankfully, it was a slow night, and Castiel didn’t get any customers. Every once in a while, Castiel would get up to get them refills and would come back and slide his seat closer to Dean. whether it was on purpose or not, Dean didn’t know; but he sure as hell wasn’t complaining. During the course of the next few episodes, Dean and Castiel ended up with Dean’s arm around Castiel’s shoulders and Castiel’s head resting on Dean. Every time Castiel would huff out a laugh, Dean felt the hot breath tickle his neck. Castiel’s hand had ended up resting on Dean’s thigh and even through the material of his sweatpants, he could feel the warmth of it. Truth be told, he had no idea what part of the plot they were at - he had a six feet tall, wet dream of a man, cuddled up to him and not even Merlin could take his attention away from that.
In the five years that he had kissed Cas, they had spent only a handful of nights alone, and even ten, Cas almost never left their bed before Dean woke up. He loved to watch Dean sleep, and no matter how much Dean complains about it being creepy, they both knew he (not so) secretly loves it.
Cas and Dean talked about their jobs. Cas was a teacher in the local high school and taught English Literature to moody, uninterested teenagers. They talked a bit about their childhoods but mostly avoided the subject, reason being that it was not a happy subject. Dean’s parents had died and Cas no longer talked to his.
Tonight was the night. Tonight was the big ball where the Royal Family of Winchestershire was looking for a suitable subject from their kingdom to marry their elder son, Dean. People from the entire kingdom were invited for a masquerade ball. They would all get the chance to have a dance with Prince Dean and use that time to leave a lasting impression.
This action of affection brought forth another burst of tears. Along with tears came an overwhelming feeling of suffocating guilt. Guilt for not being able to save Asa. Guilt for not being able to save so many other kids who lost a chance at a happy, carefree childhood, who will never be able to do things like other kids. Guilt for not being able to save all the kids in the future, because Dean knew that Cancer was a bitch and there would be more deaths that he’ll have to witness.
“Apologies, professor.” a gritty voice replied. “My husband forgot his lunch today so I had to drop it off at his office.”
“Like something you see, Dean?” Cas asked, the smirk audible in his voice even though he wasn’t facing Dean.
Once he was fed and felt better, Dean took a shower and went to the hospital for his shift. When he got there he was immediately cornered by Charlie and Jess.
Hey guys, I’m so sorry it took me this long to upload this chapter, but I wasn’t really in a good headspace for a long time and incidents kept happening that just made it worse. It’s a miracle I’m still here. Tbh. So while I  genuinely sorry for the delay, for me, my health comes before my fics. Sorry again.
By the time lunch was over and Cas arrived, Dean was so deep into paperwork that he had totally forgotten about his appointment with Cas. So when Cas knocked on his door and cleared his throat, Dean was startled. And no, he didn’t squeak like a frightened teenager. Absolutely not.
Hesitantly, Dean entered his room to find Cas looking away from him, outside the window. Dean went and sat down in the chair besides his bed and waited for Cas to talk to him. After a while, when Cas still hadn’t spoken, Dean figured that Cas hadn’t noticed his presence and spoke up.
The rest of the night continued in pretty much the same manner, with Sam and Jess messing with Dean, Cas trying to feel him up and Dean cursing the fact that he had to drive Cas and him back to his place (Cas was staying the night at Dean’s place that night) because right now, he would have sold his soul to Satan for a drink. By the time the night ended, Dean was half hard in his pants and was thinking of the most unsexy things to keep the situation from escalating. He was glad he chose to wear this particular jeans because at least the jeans hid his boner.
"Shh, Dean, someone will hear us. We can't have them walking in on you getting fucked by a student, can we?"
Extracting himself from Dean’s octopus-like grip, Dean hurried to the bathroom for a cold shower. He quickly undressed and before he could have second thought, he stepped under the freezing stream of water. The sudden, shocking cold did help get rid of his erection, but once Dean realized he would be using a bath gel that smelt like Cas, and on top of that he would need to use Cas’ towel, his boner was back in full force.
They goofed around for a bit until Cas surrendered, and then Dean got up to get himself a glass of water and some Ibuprofen or something before he puked out his guts. Tickle fights while being hungover was a shitty idea.
“I’m not a serial killer, although it is a bit late to be asking that, isn’t it?” dean laughed and turned towards the door, digging the keys out of his pocket. Before he could open the door, Cas put his hand on his shoulder and turned him around, pinning Dean between himself and the door.
As he entered the Roadhouse, Cas saw that the bar was situated right in front of them with a few stools lined up in front of it. The rest of the place was lined with a few tables and booths, all of which seems to be filled with people. Cas and Bas snagged the remaining two stools at the bar, and ordered their drinks while they waited for someone to catch their eye, or for them to catch someone’s eyes.
“Look at you, Dean” Cas says, leaning forward and hooking his chin over Dean’s shoulder. “Look at how pretty your dick looks in my hand, my long fingers wrapping around you, the red nail polish. You’d love to ruin my gloves with your cum, wouldn’t you, Dean? Paint my black gloves white for everyone to see.”
Dean growled at the sight of the little circle between Cas’ cheeks, and pushed against the heel on his chest. Logically, he knew this would hurt him, and probably leave a heel-shaped bruise on his chest, but right now he couldn’t care less. One of his hands wrapped around Cas’ ankle while the other reached towards his husband’s groin, settling for groping his inner thigh instead.
The rest of the drive went agonizingly slow for Dean, even though his place wasn’t that far. Cas was resting his head against Dean’s shoulder, kissing and nibbling at any skin he could reach. He kept whispering in Dean’s ear about how it had taken too long for this to happen and how he waited for so long and couldn’t wait any more, all the while he was teasing his own erection through his pants, moaning breathily. Dean wanted nothing more than to reach over and help Cas, but he didn’t want to crash into anything, and he sure as fuck didn’t want his attention diverted from Cas.
Soon, Dean pulled out and wiped them both clean with the corner of their covers. He lay down besides Cas and pulled the man’s arms around his waist, taking him in his embrace, ignoring the feeling of cum and sweat between them. He knew it would feel uncomfortable later but right now, he was content in raking his fingers through Cas’ sweaty hair, and lazily making out with him. He loved needy!bottom Cas.
“Don’t you dare, Dean. You have no right to come up to me and say that you’re in love with me. Did you know, that despite what Balthazar did to me, I was finally happy in a relationship? I was finally – after years – getting over my crush on you. Bal and I – we would have gotten over this. We would have moved forward, I would have gotten over you and we all would have been happy. But before I could think about what happened, you had to go ahead and say you’re in love with me! I waited years, Dean. Years for you to say you love me that I wasn’t alone in those feelings but you never did. Now when I was finally happy, why did you have to go ahead and ruin it? Why couldn’t you have left it alone?”
Dean turns around to look at his student and stops dead in his tracks. Castiel was a good looking man on a regular day (Dean would know- he had had many phenomenal orgasms that ended with Cas’ name on his lips), but today he seems to be taking the word gorgeous to a whole new level. He is wearing a red, nearly maroonish leather jacket that is almost a size too small, stretching around his biceps and his chest deliciously, and a dark wash jeans that Dean knows even from the glimpse he gets of Castiel’s backside, was the one that always framed the bulge in his crotch perfectly - yes, he knew it might be borderline creepy how well Dean knew Castiel’s clothes, considering the younger man had been in his classes this semester only.
His marriage was deteriorating and he knew it was all his fault. His boss, Zachadouche Adler as Cas called him, had been holding the idea of a promotion and pay raise over his head for almost a year, making him work outrageous hours and an obscene amount. It was putting a strain on his and  marriage but they needed the money that would come with the raise and he didn’t know what else to do. Cas had been very understanding, stopping by at the office after his classes to bring Dean lunch which he knew Dean would have forgotten to eat, giving him back rubs whenever sitting in front of the computer got too much, and not complaining when he had to cancel their dates. That didn’t mean that Cad didn’t feel hurt or  that he didn‘t  deserve better. He deserved much better, Dean decided as he towelled off, planning to do something special for Cas as soon as he got a day off.
After Dean came down from his orgasm induced high, he cleaned himself up and grabbed the towel he had put on the rack when he realised that he had forgotten to bring any clothes with him except for the ones he was wearing, and those has gotten wet because of the mess of a shower that Dean had just taken.
Also, please feel free to point out any and all mistakes, and constructive criticism is appreciated. Feel free to rant about the actions of any and all characters. It's fun to see what you guys think of my story.
They spent the rest of their night eating food and watching stupid romantic comedies and Dean had to admit that he secretly enjoyed them, even if it was only for the actresses because DAMN, Cameron Diaz was a bomb. Not that he would ever say any of it out loud because he had a reputation to uphold after all.
“I wish you could have seen how he wasn’t really good for you. He clearly didn’t love you. Not the same way I do. Heh. You know that I love you, right? And not just as a friend either. I love you way more than that. I love you in the way that I want to be your boyfriend. I want to cuddle you with each night and wake up cocooned in your arms. I want to be able to kiss you whenever I feel like it, instead of having to turn away. Now that I’ve said this, I'm wondering why I've waited so long. Looking back I realize it was always there, just never spoken. I can’t go back to not loving you, Cas. I can’t go back to being just friends with you. It hurts so much to see you with assholes like him who don’t care about you, when I’m here, waiting for you to love me back. I-“
Slowly, Dean stopped drinking as the months passed. He didn’t completely stop, but he cut down a bit. He grew accustomed to the idea that Cas wasn’t going to return and even though it hurt, there was nothing he could do to change what he did. He talked to Gabe on occasion but all Gabe told him was that Cas wasn’t ready to talk to Dean yet. Gabe thought that Cas was being a drama queen, but at the end of the day they were twins, and no matter how much he supported Dean, he would always be on Cas’ side, and if Cas didn’t want to talk to Dean, he wouldn’t let Dean talk to him, no matter how much he begged.
He turned towards Cas and took his hand, pulling him outside. They got to the car, hands still held together. Cas stopped Dean and hugged him. “Thank you, Dean.” He said.
He couldn’t believe it. He just couldn’t. Not that. It couldn’t be true. He couldn’t believe Dean was doing that. That he had betrayed him like that. That he had given up in him. He was the person Cas trusted the most. The person he thought he could always count on. The person that would never turn his back on him. That would stay, that would help him and support him, even when there was nothing left. He blindly trusted Dean. After what he became, he thought Dean would be the one to keep hope. To keep Believing. To keep searching. To not give up on him. Because it was Dean. And it was
It wasn’t so long after Jack went to bed that Dean had fallen asleep on Cas’ shoulder. All his tiredness, emotions and everything about those past weeks had finally come down, and it happened so quickly. A second he was still smiling, looking fondly at Cas explaining again how he had somehow annoyed so bad a cosmic entity it had brought him back, and the other second, his head was falling against the angel’s shoulders, Dean’s forehead softly brushing Castiel’s neck. He was exhausted.
But Castiel had still been here, every time, coming back even though Dean kept pushing him away, and here again, forgiving him when Dean finally found the words to say that he was sorry. And so Dean kept hoping. He always hopped Castiel would know, and that he would understand. As much as he loved him, he wasn’t ready to cross the wall yet. So he hopped he would know, from the best he could to try to show it, from the best he could to get close to him, that he felt it, too. That he felt it, and was sorry, so sorry for being so trapped.
And after what felt like an eternity of peace, their connection broke apart. Castiel’s lips left Dean’s, as his head suddenly fell on the hunter’s shoulder. All his strengths had suddenly left him and his inert body. He had taken his last breath, as Dean’s painful sobs had begun again.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. This wasn’t supposed to be like that. He wasn’t supposed to be lying here on that field, unable to move, bleeding out to death, his grace already long time gone. He wasn’t supposed to just watch his friends trapped, already dying… without being able to save them. It wasn’t supposed to hurt so bad. To hurt more than it ever did.
Dean had been fighting another monster with Sam when he had seen him, in the middle of the fight, lying on the floor, bleeding out. And his body had suddenly frozen during a second. He had let down every weapon in his hands, had heard them fall on the ground at the same time his heart had fallen apart. He had barely even heard his brother screaming at him to watch out that his body was carrying him the faster it could, as he started hopelessly screaming. And when he had arrived, he had just fallen on his knees, all of him shaking, only to hold Cas’ trembling body against him. But the angel wasn’t making any move. His eyes were closed, and he was losing too much blood.
All his strengths suddenly left him, as he couldn’t handle anymore. He started crying, crying and sobbing, so much and so bad, his whole body trembling, shivering so hard and the pain so high that his body couldn’t carry him anymore. He completely fell apart, broken. But before falling on the ground, the Empty caught him, surrounding him with his arms. He was ready to take him.
But the angel just couldn’t accept the reality. It couldn’t end like that, it couldn’t. He would fight for Dean. For them. Always.
- What are you even talking about.” The anger in Castiel was growing and growing on the inside. And it was only showing the truth. “You really think I’m gonna go into that box!?
At first, Cas had just been… Cas. He had been himself for days. But soon, he started to change. The mark started to change him. And they first ignored it. They were happy, finally happy. For the first time. And they couldn’t see that coming. “It’s a different mark” they had thought. “Nothing is gonna happen, it’s gonna be fine”
Softly, like a promise, he approached his hand to Dean’s hair to run his fingers between them, slowly tracing small circles to it. “I’m here Dean, I’m here. I’m alive. It’s okay.”
. I never gave up on you, I never turned my back on you, I never stopped searching and searching and moving heaven and earth to save you!! Not a single time. Especially when there was no hope left for us.
Months ago, when Jack died for the first time, I went to heaven to bring him back thanks to the spell, remember? That day, I wasn’t alone looking for Jack. The Empty was there. The Empty, it’s not just a place, it’s an Entity, stronger than everything. Even God can’t do anything about it. And it wanted Jack, because the kid is part angel too. But I couldn’t let it take him away, you know I never would. So I did what family do when they want to save the ones they love. I made a deal. I was ready for the Empty to take me right then, so the kid would live. But the Empty, it didn’t take me then. It will only do the day I will finally give myself the permission to be happy.
"I'm so sorry..." Dean was struggling not to open that box, not to give in, as Castiel was begging him to let him out. Screaming that he was giving up on him, that he couldn't do that, and that he hated him. And Dean was repeating the same apologies while pushing the box. But just before letting it fall into that hole, just before letting him go... He whispered, as an ultimate apology, an ultimate confession. As an ultimate goodbye. "I love you..."
He knew he wasn’t ready. Maybe he never would be ready, to say the things he feels, or act on those feelings. Too many walls were built, too hard to put down. Cause even if some bricks were off with time, even when he could see the other side through them, the walls were still standing, looking bigger and more insurmountable than ever. He wanted, he wanted so much. To cross that line, to climb up there and never turn back. But the walls were too high for him to reach the top, too thick for him to break it down. And so he was even more trapped, looking through the brick wholes to have a glimpse of hurt of what he could have. To see that Castiel was right here, but not being able to cross, to reach out. So the walls were still standing.
He was on the floor, one last brick falling as he watched the empty space and the overwhelming silence, while tears couldn’t stop falling, too.
“I didn’t.” Then again, Dean escaped the angel’s look to stare at that stupid box. Because Castiel was right. He was only right. But Dean couldn't accept that either. “You know I have to do it.
And his world stopped. As he was looking at the falling box, as the angel had suddenly stopped screaming. Because Castiel had heard. And he had felt it too. He knew.
loved was something even more painfully hard. He had kept watching the angel, all those years, wondering, screaming inside, "
But then, it would hit him. Castiel, his angel, the one he loved, the one he needed, the one he couldn’t lose… Had left him. And Dean would only think what could’ve been the only reason for him. The angel had left because of him. Because he didn’t love him back. Because he was disappointed... Disgusted…
- I WILL NEVER ABANDON HIM!!!” The sharp voice that hoped Castiel only came out as weak despair, full of all the pain he had inside.
. There was just Castiel dying in Dean Winchester’s arms. It was them. It had always been them. And Dean knew he couldn’t hide it anymore. Not now. Castiel had to know. He had to know everything, while there was still time, while there was still hope…
The way the hunter’s voice suddenly broke apart while getting higher shook the angel with all the pain, all the emotions they were sharing.
And within a second, he found himself pushed hard into the Ma'lak box. He didn't even have the time to realize that he already was locked in.
That’s why Cas has always done his best to chase them away from Dean, even more after having his grace returned to him. Now, like a miracle, they were like they didn’t even exist, when the angel had never seen the man next to him this relaxed.
Castiel’s heart had never beaten so fast. He… Suddenly, there was just Dean, looking at him straight in the eyes with so much confidence, and sincerity, so much love, so much fear… And those words he said, repeating again and again in his mind. The angel was feeling like his heart was going to explode. He had never been this happy. He was feeling… Whole. Alive. For the first time. Dean loved him. It was true.
Feeling Dean’s arms, Dean’s touch… The angel knew it wasn’t him, but feeling his body so close to him in that situation, feeling his arms surrounding him, his head grazing his… Feeling his breath caressing his neck… Was only increasing his pain like he never thought it ever could.
“I’ll always be with you Dean." Castiel murmured against his skin. "Today, tomorrow, and for the rest of our lives.” He doesn’t even remember if he said those words out loud, if he whispered them or if his grace spoke for him, warming them both, but he knew Dean had felt it. He knew they were safe. He knew they were okay. “I’m not leaving you.”
It wasn’t only what he felt that was stopping him. More than that, more than not accepting his own feelings, for a long time he couldn’t accept Castiel’s either. Cause it was one thing, not accepting to love. But not accepting to
Sam joined him, sitting in front of him, taking a deep breath, looking at him in the eyes, hoping Castiel would see the truth inside. No, Dean wasn’t fine. He hasn’t been for weeks. He hasn’t been since the devil put a blade into the angel’s heart, cutting out the hunter’s will to live in the process. Sam could see it, Dean drunk and lost in his pain, anger taking control of him in a way nothing ever did. This time had been different, from all the times he had been lost, all the times they had lost Cas… Sam had never seen him like that.
“I love you too Dean I…” There were so many things he wanted and needed to say… But he didn’t even have words, so much his emotions were strong and deep. So much his heartbeats couldn’t stop going faster. “I love you”
Caught off guard for the second time, Cas stopped breathing for a second, hand still moving, heart still beating faster, always faster. "I can't." Eyes still fixed on a Dean only holding him tighter as he was murmuring so quietly he had almost missed it, he swallowed. "Don’t leave me again… You hear me?”
- Oh, but you will. Right then, and right now. You can't do ANYTHING against me and you know that. Now
Dean just repeated it again, and again and again, putting always more strength, more emotions, more pain and more tears in it, just to make sure he knew. Just to make sure he heard. But he stopped. The entire world stopped. Everything stopped, as the hunter had suddenly felt a pressure on his lips. And he knew.
So like that, after a moment or two processing, he stood up, as Sam watched him carefully, waiting for the angel to speak.
Cas’ face softened, as he wasn’t even feeling his heart beating anymore at this point, all the love he felt rising and overwhelming him, but in all the best ways possible, surrounding him, grounding him. It felt safe, it felt good. It felt like
Also, please feel free to point out any and all mistakes, and constructive criticism is appreciated. Feel free to rant about the actions of any and all characters. It's fun to see what you guys think of my story.
“I swear to God, Dean. If it was up to me, I’d tear him a new one, tell him exactly how I feel about him abandoning you like that. What does he think, that is was easy for you to come clean about how you felt about him? Sure, being drunk lowers your inhibitions and whatnot, but after a lifetime of being straight, admitting to your best friend that you’re gay is a huge fucking thing, yet, instead of supporting you, being by your side, he just ups and abandons you? Not cool. It would have been fine if he didn’t want to get together with you or something, it would have hurt less than leaving you broken hearted and alone to deal with it. He was supposed to be your best friend, he was supposed to be there for you no matter what, and a small crush shouldn’t have come between your friendship. What the fuck was he thinking? Sure, you had shitty timings, but that doesn’t mean you weren’t his best friend anymore. So what if you had shitty timings? He should have fucking been here with you, instead of fucking off to God knows where. Here – try this shirt on, and these jeans make your ass look good and don’t even think of complaining about not having room for your balls. Your balls can breathe when you get back home, but first you need to blow away Cas’ mind with how good you look. Even if this isn’t a date, you are going to look good – I’ll make sure of that. Cas should know what he has been missing out on, and what he abandoned. You’re a goddamn catch, and that’s high praise coming from a flaming lesbian, Cas should realize that. I might be pissed at Cas, Dean, but I’ve seen how happy he makes you, and I want you two to sort out your problems and get together and have lots of gay sex.”
“So, Castiel” Dean replied, stretching the syllables as he saw Cas’ eyes turn darker with lust with the use of his full name “Did your parents hate you or something? Why did they name you Castiel?”
AS USUAL, THIS IS UNBETA’ED AND ENGLISH ISN’T MY FIRST LANGUAGE SO FEEL FREE TO CALL ME OUT ON ANY AND ALL MISTAKES, LET ME KNOW HOW YOU LIKE THIS.
“You want this, Dean?” Cas asked teasingly, as his hand moved from the base of the plug and palmed his clothed erection. Dean swallowed audibly and nodded, still mesmerized by the sight in front of him.
“Cassie, do you have any idea how expensive booze is in bars? No thank you, I’d rather get a head start before we head out. Now take out your shot glasses and let’s drink to a good night out and a ménage a – what’s the French word for twelve?”
The first thing that Dean was aware was of was that there was something on him. Dean immediately stiffened his posture until he remembered he had been sharing the bed with his best friend. His best friend who apparently was a cuddly sleeper and had migrated not only to Dean’s side of the bed, but also managed to trap Dean under his body. Trapped under Cas’ body, it was difficult to move him away. Dean struggled for a few minutes until he felt Cas’ morning wood poke him in the side. Panicking, Dean pushed away Cas without caring much about if he woke Cas up because it was fucking weird having his best friend’s hard on sticking up his side. On a totally unrelated note, Cas did have a huge dick though.
“Are you sure you’re gay, Charlie? Because the way you’ve been behaving today is making me doubt your gayness.”
Dean braces himself and enters the toy store before sighing to himself and feeling like the worst parent ever. He loves Ben more than anything, he would take a bullet for the kid. Shopping for him shouldn’t feel like such a chore. Except, all the parents at the daycare were making Dean feel pressured to ‘find another parent for his child because no child should have only one parent’. Not that Dean believes that bullshit, but it grated on his nerves nonetheless. It didn’t help matters that Ben had been asking after Michael, no doubt missing his father, and Dean had to be the one breaking it to him that his father was no longer going to see him. That had led to the little boy crying his eyes out for over an hour, which in turn made Dean cry too; he hated seeing his son’s heart break like that, and he added that to the list of reasons why he hated his ex even more.
“I never thought I’d get to do this.” Cas said. “I knew you were gay but just because you were gay didn’t mean you had to like me. Jessica told me multiple times that I wouldn’t know until I tried to talk to you, but I never could gather the courage. What if you rejected me? It would be uncomfortable at the hospital and I didn’t want Claire to get in between of our drama.”
A/N: HEY GUYS! I'M SORRY FOR BEING AWOL FOR SO LONG, BUT I REALLY HADN'T BEEN DOING TOO WELL. HOWEVER I'M BACK NOW WITH A NEW CHAPTER, AND I HOPE THE NEXT CHAPTERS WON'T TAKE SO LONG TO UPDATE. WE'RE ALMOST AT THE END OF THE STORY, AND I HOPE YOU ALL STICK AROUND FOR THE REST OF IT AS WELL.
“What? No. Of course we can talk about her. Here, grab a seat I’ll be with you in a minute. I just need to grab her file.”
When Dean woke up, he was covered in sweat and had just come, humping his bed, while Cas, the literal guy of his dreams, lay a couple of feet away, sleeping obliviously.
Cas just walked away from there, hearing Dean call after him but ignoring his pleas to stop and come back. He couldn’t talk to Dean right now. He didn’t see where he was going, he just needed to get away, and he didn’t care where he went.
"Wait, SHE? Charlie is lesbian? Ooh HOT. But wait, you all knew and still let me hit on her and embarrass myself? Why? Why would you do that?" Gabe exclaimed, feigning shock.
With Dean giving directions, Cas drove Dean home. By the time they reached there, Dean was so tired that he could barely walk on his own, so Cas helped him reach to his room and change into a more comfortable T-Shirt and boxers. Cas then set an alarm on Dean’s phone, set to ring around 6.30, so that Dean could wake up and get ready to go drinking. Dean was asleep even before his head hit the pillows and so he missed the fond look Cas directed towards him.
As they took their seats, the waitress came to take their orders. Dean ordered a beer, and a double bacon cheeseburger with a side of fries while Cas ordered a cheeseburger with a side of salad and coke. They sat in an awkward silence until they both began to break it at the same time.
Long after Charlie and left and everyone was fast asleep, Dean lay awake in bed, beside Cas, thinking about what he had overheard between his friend and his brother. Dean wasn't gay. He knew that for sure. If he was gay, his father would have kicked him out of the house, but he wasn't gay. He loved girls. Sure, he and Cas were good friends but that didn't make him gay for Cas, did it?
One of Castiel’s arms came up to cup Dean’s neck while the other gripped his shoulder tightly. A groan escaped Dean’s mouth as Castiel nibbled on his lip and sucked on it, allowing Castiel’s tongue to enter his mouth.
In his mind, Dean imagined Cas finding him like this, desperate for release, and taking pity on him, helping him. He imagined Cas walking over, replacing his fingers in his ass with his mouth, licking and sucking at his hole, like it was the best damn thing Cas had ever tasted. In his mind, Cas took over, plunging his tongue into the heat of Dean’s hole and licking, making him slick with his spit, while his hand played with his balls and his other hand jerked him off. He imagined how Cas’ hand would feel on his dick, teasing him, bringing him closer to the edge, just to back off right before he came.
Dean shut his eyes against the onslaught of pleasure that spiked within him at the sound of Cas’ moans. He looked up to see that Cas had dropped the bottle of lube somewhere and was resting his head on his forearms, pushing back against Dean’s mouth.
One of Cas’ hands was tangled in Dean’s hair and the other began a slow journey down his chest. When Cas’ hand reached Dean’s nipple, he gave it a short tug, which caused Dean’s breath to stutter and he moaned out loud and long. Dean felt Cas’ lips stretch into a smile against his neck as he bit down and continued touching him. Dean was panting as Cas‘ hand moved closer to his dick – which was now hard and throbbing in his pants. Right when Dean thought Cas would finally touch him, Cas changed direction and instead ran his hand down the outside of his thigh, towards his knees. Dean let out a sound that he would deny till his dying breath was a whine. Slowly, Cas began to move his hand upwards, on the inside of Dean’s thigh, with a touch to light that it made him squirm. When Cas cupped his erection and pressed downwards, it created a pressure so good that Dean could have come just from that. Breathing deeply through his nose, Dean concentrated instead on driving the car without crashing into a tree.
“Yes, I talked to Claire as well, asking if she’d be okay with it. I want her to stay at the hospital because with me in school for half the day and busy with school work for the rest, she would have more supervision at the hospital. Also, all I know about Cancer is what Wikipedia told me. If she stays here, I know she would be in good hands. I know that she would be taken care of better than anything I’d be able to do at home.” By this point, Cas’ voice began to crack. “At the hospital, my baby would be in better hands than she would be with me.”
After the not so scary horror movie, the next stop was a bakery slash coffee shop that Gabe wanted to go to. Thankfully when they got to the bakery, it wasn’t too crowded and they were able to get a table big enough for all four pf them to sit comfortably.
“Strip for me like a good boy.” Cas told him, as he bunched up his panties beneath his balls and started to jerk off. “Slowly.”
Dean and Cas had been best friends for so many years now, that Dean was running out of ideas about what to do for Cas’ birthday. Every year, for his birthday, Dean would do something special, not only because Cas deserved it, but also because Cas absolutely hated the attention, but because it was Dean, he went along with even the most outrageous ideas.
With that Charlie walked away, leaving Dean gaping after her because his mind couldn’t process what just happened. Charlie has a habit of jumping from one topic of conversation to the next which would be totally unrelated to the first, so it usually took Dean’s brain a few seconds to catch up.
The barista smiled at him as she took their order but didn’t take her eyes off Cas. It never failed to get on Dean’s nerves when someone flirted with Cas for two reasons. First was that Cas didn’t know how to flirt back. His ‘social skills’ were ‘rusty’ as he said, and got flustered whenever someone flirted with him. The second was that he knew his friend was good looking but he was as gay as they come, jeez, give the guy a break. Logically, he knew that there was no way that the barista could know that Cas was gay, but it still got on his nerves.
Snapping out of his thoughts, Dean raised his eyes to look at Cas’ face. Cas was pretty much staring at Dean and was blushing slightly. Dean looked down at himself and almost smacked his own fa e because of it. His Jeans was unbuttoned and hung low on his hips. His shirt was open in the front and gave an unobstructed view of his chest and stomach. He realized that Cas was staring at the tattoo that he had on his chest. A flaming star kind of thing that, according to lore, prevented Demon possessions. Dean didn’t believe in all that but Sam did. So when Sam went to get his tattoo, Dean got it too. Beneath the star was the date of his parents’ deaths.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his friend and went in to bring out his shot glasses. “To a good night out and lots of sex. Cheers.”
“What? Yes I’m here, you were saying? Wait a second when did Gabe come on call, I was talking to Sammy.” Dean said, not realizing that he had zoned out for a minute, so focused on Cas’ ass that he didn’t notice Gabe come on line.
Dean couldn’t tell you what the movie was about, or even which movie they watched because he was too busy paying attention to Cas and his actions and over analyzing them and looking for any sign that Cas liked him and he blamed Charlie for all of this. If she hadn’t said anything, he wouldn’t be questioning their friendship right now and he might even have known which movie they were watching.
Putting on his shoes, Dean went to the kitchen where Cas was bound to be. Dean entered the kitchen but before he could say anything, he stopped dead in his tracks as all the blood in his body rushed to his dick. He had never gotten this hard without a single touch, but here he was, looking at his husband, and hard as a rock. Cas
Dean snapped out of his fantasy of having his mouth all over Cas with a shake of his head and he cleared his throat. He looked up at Cas to see him look like a deer caught in the headlights and Dean was sure he just imagined that he saw Cas’ eyes snap up from around his crotch. Projecting his feelings and all that.
Dean was so close to coming, all he could do was take it as Cas fucked him, chasing his own orgasm. Soft
Shit. Sam. Sam was coming that day and Dean had completely forgotten about that. Dean had promised to pick him up from the airport and yet here Sam was, cooking in the kitchen, trying to keep Cas away from the stove so as to avoid burning the house down. Sam had just said something that cracked Cas up, his eyes crinkling as he threw his head back and laughed a rare laugh that Dean loved to see on his best friend. Dean smiled as he clapped his much taller but smaller brother on the back.
After Claire and his dad had left, Charlie came up to him and said, “Who was that beauty? Isn’t he dreamy?”
“I missed you.” he confessed softly, pressing closer, hiding his face deeper into Dean’s neck. “You work too much.”
Dean reached the room and waited for Cas like he was told to. What seemed like a century (but was actually less than two minutes) later, Cas came sauntering in, his heels clacking on the floor almost seductively. He closed the door behind him and crawled onto the bed, not even bothering to take off his heels, arching his back to show off the curve of his ass, before settling against the headrest.
Fuck that man had a mouth on him. It was a surprise that Dean hadn’t come already, what with how turned on he was. He nodded once and Cas smiled, satisfied. He took off his jeans and boxers and stood beside Dean in all his glory. Dean’s mouth went dry because Cas had an absolutely gorgeous dick. It was at least ten inches long, had to be at least that, and so thick that Dean wasn’t sure if his hand would even wrap completely around it. He couldn’t wait to have it in him.
The night ended with them falling asleep in the middle of some movie that Dean didn’t remember with him resting against one of the hand rests of the couch and Cas’ head resting on his lap. Neither of them realized they had fallen asleep.
Dean was making them some dinner and teasing Cas about having the talent to burn a pot of boiling water when someone rang the doorbell. Confused, Dean looked at Cas, whose brow was furrowed in confusion as he squinted his eyes and tried to figure out who it could be. Both Dean and Cas came to the realisation at the same moment just before Sam opened the door.
Both the men collect their coffee orders and go sit at a table towards the back of the shop, talking about nothing and everything. Dean tells Cas about how he came back home early on his birthday, just to find his husband in bed with someone else- two someone else's to be specific- and Cas expresses his anger on Dean's behalf. In return, Cas tells him about how he got custody of his infant niece after his brother died, and is a single parent to the now 7 year old. Dean feels lighter than he has since his divorce, and the whole thing feels a lot like a date, but he doesn't mention that to Cas.
Humming contentedly, Dean turns onto his side and grins like a fool. Even after all this time, thinking of Cas never fails to make him feel like a lovesick teenager, and he hopes that never changes. He gives himself five minutes before getting up and pulling on a pair of sweatpants and heading downstairs.
Before Dean can do or say anything else, Ben pipes up, “Can we haves cookies now, daddy? Please?” breaking up the moment between him and Cas.
Dean laughed at how far from the truth Cas was. He was the only person Dean wanted to talk to, and it was such a relief that Cas texted him.
“Yeah whatever, missy. I have to leave so I’ll see you later. Let me know how it goes with Gilda on your not-a-date-that-you-won’t-tell-me-about date thing.” Dean teased her back, for once enjoying the feeling of being on the other end of the teasing with Charlie. It was fun.
Dean moaned loudly at the words tumbling out of Cas’ mouth and slid his slick cock right into Cas, as he demanded.
“Oh. Well.. Um.. I, uh, I sort of have a date with, um, a guy from my class and I don’t have anything to wear and you have a blue shirt that really would look good on me and I was looking for it and I know you won’t mind and I wanted to borrow it-“ Cas looked really flustered about being caught like that.
In the end it was decided that Dean and Cas would share one room and Gabe and Sam will share the other for the two weeks that the brothers were visiting. Sam and Gabe teased Dean and Cas relentlessly over having to sleep in the same bed.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart” Dean whispered, unsure if Cas was awake enough to hear him but not wanting to wake the man up either.
*gasp* What is this that I'm seeing? I didn't take an embarrassingly long time to update? Wow, I'm proud of me.
Finally after a long time of crying, Dean lifter his head from where Cas was holding it against himself and unwrapped his arms from around his waist. Huh. When did that happen? He wiped off his tears and looked guiltily on the stains he left on Cas’ shirt.
Without Cas, there was no one to burn down the house, trying to make coffee for Dean. Without Cas, there was no one to call Dean out on his messiness. Without Cas, there is no one to make sure he wakes on time for his classes. Without Cas, there is no one to look after him. But most importantly, without Cas, there is no one to stop him from drinking.
I hope y'all enjoy this chapter and that it's not too disappointing. I'm not really happy with the way it turned out but I also couldn't find a way to make it any better.
Dean wished him good morning with a close mouthed kiss, and the two men just lay there, soaking in the presence of the other.
All Dean can think about is all the blood that’s now rushing to his dick, making him harder than he has ever been, and how good Cas’ body feels pressed against his own. In the same instant that Dean nods, one of them makes the first move, and suddenly their lips are clashing desperately, both of the men fighting for dominance. Dean’s fingers clench around Cas’ hair, even as Cas’ hands move towards Dean’s pants, undoing the zipper with insanely steady fingers. Dean gasps at the sensation of Cas’ fingers brushing against his boxer-clad erection, and Cas uses the opportunity to thrust his tongue inside Dean’s mouth, cautious yet needy at the same time. Palming one last time at his cock, Castiel pulls away and turns Dean around harshly, pushing him against the desk, and slotting his own denim-covered dick against Dean’s ass. Dean groans and pushed back against it, hoping that Castiel would take the hint.
“Well, I am the youngest sibling so I have no idea what you mean, but I’m sure my siblings will agree with you about me being a pain in the ass. I’ve rebelled a lot against my parents. Although anything I have done is at a much smaller level than Lucifer.”
Dean played songs on the radio, at a much lower volume than he normally would have. He kept stealing glances at Cas and they talked about inconsequential things. Not for the first time that day, Dean felt relieved that the easiness of their friendship also translated well into their date – that they weren’t awkwardly trying to make small talk. They talked about nothing and everything. They had already talked about the deep stuff during the course of their friendship – about their exes and whatnot – instead, they spent their date talking about the more light hearted stuff from their past. They reached an ice cream parlor and ordered the largest possible sundaes they could get and shared sticky, ice cream flavored kisses. This was by far not only the best date, but also one of the best days in Dean’s life.
More number of guests, however, posed one problem. How would Dean fit them all into his place. His place was big enough for just a few guests but the entire department would never be able to fit in there. So he had only one option on his hand. Balthazar.
Cutting right to the chase, Dean and Cas head over to the toy store where Cas helps Dean pick out things for Ben. It should be weird that a guy who’s basically a stranger is helping him pick out things for his kid, but it feels like the most natural thing ever. Dean goes way over budget but he doesn’t have it in himself to put some of the toys back when he thinks about how happy they’ll make Ben. He would do anything to keep a smile on his son’s face, and judging by the expression on Cas’ face, he understands the sentiment.
With shaking hands, Dean managed to open the door and unceremoniously led Cas into his room. Once inside, Dean shut the door and continued to kiss any part of Cas’ body that he could reach. Dean fisted one hand in Cas’ hair while his other hand roamed all over his chest and stomach.
Dean in turn took a deep breath and braced himself for Charlie’s reaction to the incident. He was sure that she would first screech his hearing away and then tell him what she felt about the situation.
Dean sat up and made a grabby motion towards the phone. Sam gave him the phone and hovered about awkwardly as Dean talked to Jess.
And if he sat in his car for the better part of an hour, choking back sobs and blasting his music, no one had to know.
Cas pushed Dean down and searched through the bedside drawers for lube and condoms. He took out the entire strip of condoms, instead of just one. Dean chuckled and made some comment about being ambitious but Cas cut him off by taking his dick into his mouth.
Dean gave Cas a few minutes before he unlocked his feet from behind Cas and stood on the ground, legs still wobbly from the fucking he had received. He led Cas towards the bed, and took off his heels before laying the man out and spooning in front of him. Cas immediately wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist and pressed his nose into the back of Dean’s neck, breathing in deeply.
“You know,” IRL!Merlin with his blue eyes and dark hair began. “If having to pause your show annoys you this much, you could always wait two minutes to collect your order and THEN start it?”
For a couple of moments, Cas removed his hand, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. It’s not what he didn’t want Cas to touch him, because he did. But Dean didn’t want to die because of his dick. None too soon, Cas’ hand returned, this time deftly opening the button if Dean’s jeans and undoing his fly. Cas pulled out his dick and Dean groaned as the pressure of the confines lifted from it. Before Dean could fully register what was happening, his dick was enveloped in a tight warm heat. FUCK. He gripped the steering wheel tighter, his knuckles turning white, as Cas bobbed his head along his dick, moaning as if it was the best thing he had ever tasted.
Cas smirked in reply and ground their hips together once more, bringing their erections in contact through their clothes.
When they reached his room, they were both down to their boxer briefs and pretty much humping against each other. Without wasting any time, Dean pushed Cas onto the bed, slid off his boxer briefs and took Cas’ entire dick into his mouth. Cas moaned out loud and arched his hips into the wet warmth of Dean’s mouth. After sucking a couple of times, Dean popped off and took Cas’ hands – which were bunched up in the sheets beneath him – and placed them on his head.
After Dean, quite literally, tucked Cas in bed he put a bucket near his head to puke in, if needed, and set a glass of water and medicines to help with the headache that was sure to be present in the morning. Then he went to the couch to sleep there for the night. There was no way he was letting Cas sleep on the couch when he was drunk. Dean spent better part of the next hour cleaning up rooms that didn’t need to be cleaned, just to simmer down his arousal, but it didn’t work. Cas’ touching had him all worked up and the knowledge that Cas was in his bed, sleeping in his clothes just sent shivers down his spine. He lay in bed for even longer, wanting to fall asleep, but his veins were burning with desire and all he could think of was the way Cas’ hands felt on him. Finally, unable to ignore his dick any longer, Dean turned over and shoved his sweatpants down to his knees. He pulled down the comforter and licked him palm, before covering his achingly hard cock with it.
Dean lets out a sigh of relief as the hour comes to an end, and the students start packing up their stuff.
When Dean noticed Cas, his expression became even sadder and he said, “I wanted to bake you a cake. Turns out, I’m not very good at following instructions and now you don’t have a birthday cake. I’m sorry, Cas.”
Sam sputtered, knowing he had been caught and mumbled something on the lines of  you don’t get to scold me for hiding anything because you’re hiding too.
Before they could do anything about it (not there was much they could do anyway), Sam had opened the door and let Gabe in.
Dean had woken up at 6 am the previous day and apart from a couple of hours of sleep that he got before Jess’ call, he had been awake for over 24 hours when it happened. Dean and the rest of the staff had been attending to Asa for the past 5 hours but by the time 8 am approached, nothing that the staff did helped anymore. Asa Fox, aged 6 years old, died that day but with a huge smile on his face because of Dean and his efforts to cheer everyone up.
Dean comes explosively, ropes of white cum dripping all over Cas’ hands and gloves, and he fucks himself into Cas’ fist through his orgasm. Dean’s ass clenching around Cas sends him over the edge too, and he pulls out, coming all over Dean’s ass and lower back.
“Okay so, he was totally checking you out, my dear handmaiden. At least that’s what I get from what you told me. So he does want you. Then what’s the problem?”
He stopped at the door of his room and bent to pick up his discarded sweatshirt when he heard a noise behind him. On pure instinct, he turned around to see what the noise was. And right there was Cas, looking at Dean with wide eyes, almost as if he was checking Dean out. Dean felt some of his blood head south under the intensity of Cas’ stare.
“Wow Cas that sounds like so much fun.” Dean tried to be cheerful but his voice sounded hollow even to his own ears. Cas gave him a weird look and said,
“Sure, Cas. Please take your time thinking how you want Claire’s treatment to go and let us know. It is important that you take into consideration not only her needs but also yours.”
“Why, what’s the hurry? Is it the same best-friend-not-crush who has you all goo-goo eyed? Is that why you want to go home so early? Awww you’re cute, Winchester.” Charlie had a huge shit-eating-Cheshire-cat-type grin on her face that Dean wished he could find a way to wipe off. He knew that even though he hadn’t confirmed anything with Charlie, she knew exactly what was going on and wouldn’t stop teasing him about it.
‘Dammit Dean. Way to act normal. Now Cas knows you love him and you’ve ruined your friendship. Great job fucking up this too.’ Said a voice on his shoulder which sounded a lot like himself.
“Oh, um, just asking. How about you come back late please? I, uh, I sort of have a date with Jess and we might come back here. Don’t want you walking in.” Sam replied sheepishly.
So here Dean was, two weeks before Cas’ 21st birthday, planning a surprise party for his best friend.
“Very much so. Hi, I’m Dean.” Dean extended his hand for a handshake and damn those hands were so soft.
Dean dug his heels into the couch, his hips arching off the cushions in pleasure. He could feel himself so close to his orgasm, and at the back of his mind he knew that he was making some sort of noises, but he was too far gone to try and keep quiet. Dean had never been quiet in bed, solo or with a partner, and even now, he couldn’t keep the noises at bay if he tried.
Inside the club was exactly how he remembered from last time. There was a long corridor that divided the room into two. On one side was the area for people looking for girls, and on the other side was the area for people looking to hook up with guys. The reason why Dean liked this place more than any other place he had been was that even though it was divided into just two sections, it allowed people to go to whichever side they identified as, regardless of their biological orientation. Even though Dean didn’t understand much about what it was like being transgendered or gender fluid, but that was only because he didn’t know anyone who identified as anything except cis. This club catered to even the non cis people and that made it even better in Dean’s eyes.
Charlie was apprehensive about their meeting, and rightfully so. She had been pretty much the only person standing at his side, as he destroyed his life after Cas left. She was the only one who had to pick up the pieces of a very broken Dean Winchester, and she didn’t want Cas to have the power to do that to him again. Charlie had been friends with Cas too, but she was the only one who had seen first-hand how Dean had been after the incident and she was willing to do anything to avoid it from happening again.
Charlie, knowing Dean so well, immediately picked up on his sour mood and demanded, “What’s up? What’s wrong? Who’s ass needs kicking? Who’s social life need I destroy? Tell me the name and I’ll dig up the most embarrassing stuff about them and make sure it goes viral.”
Apparently that was the wrong question to ask because Cas started to go on and on about how the date was perfect and how ‘Balt’ was an absolute gentleman to him and how he absolutely enjoyed himself.
They spent the entire night dancing together and talking about nothing in particular. By this time the entire kingdom knew that Prince Dean had found someone but thankfully no one knew who it really was.
“Good. Now go freshen up, change out of all these layers of clothes into a pair of boxers and a t shirt and join me at the table for food. Then we’ll eat and watch some movies, okay?”
“Yeah yeah I’m going. You keep telling that to yourself, whatever helps you sleep at night. Later bitches!”
He stayed in his room, lost in thought until he was interrupted by a knock at his door. This confused Castiel to no limit. Balthazar only knocked when there was no one at home, and no one else ever knocked. As he opened the door, he was shocked to see Dean standing in front of him with a shy smile on his face.
Dean’s nipples had always been very sensitive, and he could always tumble over the edge just by pinching them hard. With that in mind, Dean’s other hand started rubbing the nub between his fingers and he pinched them, wishing more than anything that it was Cas’ mouth on him, his teeth nipping and sucking at his throat, nipples, his cock, his hole, making him write in pleasure. Just the thought of having Cas’ mouth on him made Dean shiver with anticipation over something he couldn’t have.
Dean knew Cas had heard him come in but he continued to be a tease as he prepared his food, sticking out his ass more than necessary.
“I won’t get any space on the bed if I share it with the moose with his long ass limbs.” Dean complained.
“Don’t you dare say stuff like that. DESTIEL is damn real and there’s no way I’ll let you say otherwise. The signs are all there.”
“Well, I’m more of a Merlin guy. The way his dark hair brings out his fucking blue eyes- oofh. I was hooked from episode one. I mean, a good coffee and a good looking dude who could probably life me without breaking into a sweat. What else does a man need on sleepless nights?” Dean said with a wink.
With one last look at Cas, Dean tried to memorize his face; the blue of his eyes, the cut of his jaw, the almost permanent furrow of his brow. Dean choked out a ‘Goodbye, Cas. I love you’ and turned to leave.
“I’m Cast- Cas. My name is Cas” he corrected himself before he could tell his real name. the prince would most likely forget about Castiel but he didn’t want to risk anyone in his family finding out that he had been here today.
With that decided, he messaged his best friend slash ex who he knew had just recently broken up, so would be ready for a night of bar hopping. After receiving confirmation from Balthazar that yes, he would be there, Cas changed into a fitting black jeans that he was told accentuated his ass and thighs, and paired it up with a black button up that hugged his chest and biceps deliciously (he was going to ignore the fact that the shirt felt a bit too tight on him – he was looking for a hookup and was willing to forgo comfort for the sake of a night of vigorous sex.
“So, moving on,” Cas said, dragging on the ‘so’, “How’s school Sam? Any girl we should know of? Or guy who’s intentions we need to ask?”
After a few minutes of making out and grinding against each other, Cas suddenly turned and started walking towards Dean’s room. Dean stood there, breathing hard and marvelling at his body’s ability to get hard again so soon. Well, he was still young. Cas turned around and saw that Dean wasn’t behind him.
“Well if you kids are done, it’s time to wrap this up and head home.” Dean exclaimed in a falsely cheerful voice and finally glared back at Blondie.
“Wait Sammy what do you mean by finally I realized I’m in love with him? And what do you mean after years?”
Dean clenches his jaw and takes a deep breath, before exiting his car and facing his nemesis- the extremely crowded mall.
After being friends with the guy since for fucking ever, Dean never could have thought that he would get a crush on his best friend. Or that he would ever realize that he had a crush on him. Nor did he ever think he would have a gay panic attack in his early twenties. But well, apparently life had other ideas for him and all of that did happen and when it did, he didn't have his best friend to fall back on. Because his best friend was in the hospital because of him, fighting for his life.
Single father? Hot. Bisexual? Totally works in Dean’s favour. Bitchy ex wife? Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to give her a piece of his mind for leaving him when he came out or thank her for leaving him possibly single for him. And that voice was the sexiest thing he’d ever heard. Damn.
Charlie continued to speak in length about crushes and all but Dean had zoned out, as he thought about his friendship with Cas. He thought about every time he looked at Cas and was fascinated by his or his gummy smile. Or the way he pinched his brow when he was confused and tilted his head, or how his nose scrunched up when he tried not to laugh at something Dean said. Dean thought about every time that he felt low and Cas cheered him up, just by being there, in a way no one else could.
IRL!Merlin nodded in understanding. “Ah. Arthur is rather dreamy, isn’t he? With his haid and his jaw and just- everything” he gestured with his hands, smirking slightly, as if he knew the similarities he was pointing out between Arthur and Dean, making Dean’s heart skip a beat.
Dean didn’t know what to expect but Cas holding his chin and tilting Dean’s face towards him was not it. Before Dean could react, Cas leaned forward and captured Dean’s lips in a soft kiss. Dean was too stunned to do anything but as Cas pulled back, Dean surged forward and kissed Cas like he was a man dying in the desert and Cas was the water he craved for so long.
“Yeah I’m here. Sorry, I sort of just zoned out for a bit. I was thinking and got lost in my mind. I-“ Dean began to ramble nonsense when Charlie interrupted him.
“Peace out, bitch.” Charlie replied with a Spock type hand thing she always made, as Dean left with a smile on his face.
It was the hottest thing Dean had ever seen. He had always gotten off on his partner’s pleasure but this was much better than anything else ever. He ground his hips against the bed right as Cas ground his ass in Dean’s face. There were a few moments where his nose was smashed against Cas and he couldn’t breathe but who needed to breathe when Cas was making such beautiful sounds?
That’s when Dean noticed a bag in Cas’ hand, and that Cas was staring right at Dean’s half hard dick while licking his lips. Suddenly aware of his nakedness, Dean covered himself with his towel and awkwardly apologized to Cas saying, “Well, sorry about that. Now go, I don’t want to keep you any longer from having sex with your guy.” Who wasn’t him, he didn’t add. With that, Dean turned around and shut the door to his room.
“I’m still pissed at you, and yes, you could have chosen a better time, but Cas has been in love with you since forever, since the dawn of time, even. But thankfully, you finally pulled your head out of your ass and fessed up, so I’m going to go easy on you. I’m going to wait for Cassie to wake up, before I decide what to do to you.”
“I know, Dean will probably never say this to you, but… He’s lost, Cas. He’s lost without you.” Seeing a light burning into the angel’s eyes, Sam’s lips turned into a tiny gentle smile, and he continued. “If you’d seen him, he was… He was trying to hide the pain, but I knew him. He wasn’t himself. Drunk, angry, aiming at the world, at everyone, and suffering. And I could see it, having nightmares the only times he was barely sleeping, I could hear it, I know it haunted him-”
And, all his strengths letting him down, Dean had suddenly fallen on his knees. His body couldn't handle anymore. His body couldn't carry him. It was too much. And his eyes were stuck on the ground, knowing the one he loved had been buried alive so far underground. That, at that exact moment, he would maybe still be screaming, begging, blaming, crying...
Dean had lowered his head, looking down. He was now trembling, fear taking control of his whole body. He couldn’t take this vision off his head. All he was seeing was Castiel, standing on that field and trembling - right after saving his life – his eyes looking empty, and those little shakes that his whole body had got. And he could never forget that feeling. That feeling of his heart falling, breaking, destroying, dying from the inside… Consuming him. The feeling of watching the one you love die in front of you by your fault, without being able to make any move, anything to save him. Dean could never stop having these nightmares every single night, waking up screaming, crying for his angel. He couldn’t stop reliving this moment again and again. This vision of Castiel dying was haunting him, every second.
But all the while, his fears were still trying to win, and fighting so hard that sometimes, it was taking over it all. Then, instead of leaning on him, he was pushing him away. He couldn’t stop himself. He didn’t know how to. He didn’t know how to find the strength to say
So Castiel kept looking from afar, too. He never expected anything from Dean. He didn’t know if Dean would ever be ready one day, if he would ever take that step. He knew it was too hard. And he respected that. He could see Dean struggling to talk about what he feels, to show it, and to accept it. It was why Castiel never did anything or say anything either. Cause even though he knew what he wanted, that he knew he could never have Dean like that... Loving him, and being loved by him, was enough. It would always be enough.
But it only made the hunter hold him even closer and tighter. All the world around them had disappeared: the fight, the monsters that his brother and everyone were now trying to keep away from him,
The light in his eyes... was gone. Every hope, every feeling, everything he ever fought for, his will to live, his whole body, every inch of him... Had died away.
It was only when he thought he had lost Castiel for good, had to watch him turn to ashes, and praying, day and night, hopelessly, for him to come back, that his feelings finally weren't hidden anymore. They weren’t trapped inside anymore, but their freedom could have never hurt more than in that moment. Dean loved him, and he was gone. And even worse- Castiel, his
But the long silence that came right after was revealing the truth. The truth that shooked Castiel’s whole body. The truth that ripped his heart apart. Just like it did to Dean’s when he heard the angel’s broken voice.
He had watched Castiel go a thousand times, more than he could ever admit, but yet this time, everything was different.
For all that happened, we know each other for 12 years. 12 years... I know you know this, because I’ve already told you several times, but those 12 years, no matter how messed up they had been somehow, were the best part of my life. Those years I spend by your side... Made me feel like someone, for the first time. You know, I have a family now. People I care about, that care about me. People I would die for and that would die for me. A home. And trust me when I say it, if I could do it all over again, I would, and I wouldn’t change a thing.
- The… E-Empty…” He was suddenly understanding, memories coming back in his head, while the entity, possessing Dean's body, was just smiling, happy to make him suffer again. And the angel started shaking and trembling. This couldn’t be true, no... He could’ve come at any moment, anytime… But not like that, not now, not in
having the chance. Maybe he had been heard. Maybe it wasn’t over yet after all. Perhaps… but all he knew now, was how bad those words were hurting like hell.
Caught by surprise, Castiel first remained still, frozen. His mind went empty and he had no idea what to do. The movement of his hand on Dean’s hair had stopped too, and Cas looked down at him in panic. Dean seemed to feel the lack of it and miss the comfort as soon as it had stopped, cause he moaned with a deep sleepy voice some unclear words of complaining.
Dean was still looking away, while a tear was struggling to come out. He didn't want to lock him up in that box, he didn't want to bury him. He didn't want to say goodbye to him. He just wanted him to be okay, for things to be okay. And he couldn't even think straight, but he had to avoid thinking about his feelings. He had to stay strong, he had to do it... Even if it killed him.
Dean knew, of course he knew. He knew, but even knowing it, hearing the truth of it in real words, of what was here between them, and even more in this situation, was too much.
It had been just a couple of hours since they had got him back, and Dean hadn’t let his graze leave the angel for even a second. On the way home, Castiel had been shotgun. Dean had asked him to, after some pour excuse of celebrating his return, which had somehow made the situation even worse, coming from the fact that Dean had nearly crashed the car a number of times Sam couldn’t even imagine tonight. It had made Castiel laugh, though. And Dean had just stared at him even more, wide smile stuck on his lips.
But it happened. It affected Castiel. It changed him. Made him… lose himself. Go crazy. It wasn’t the same effects as with the mark of Cain, but the excess of powers he got… Was consuming him on the inside. It was too powerful, too strong. It couldn’t stop. And Castiel couldn’t control it.
You should've noticed that I wasn't in the bunker when you woke up. I know this, and probably right now I would’ve heard your words that you just sent to reach me out. And you must’ve suddenly find that letter, carefully placed on the Impala. Because if there one place where I knew you would obviously look to, it’s there. Of course you want to find me, Dean. I know you. You don’t let family behind. Especially when we all are finally free, don’t you? But I got to ask you something that you won’t understand first. You’ll think that it’s not going to be happening, but you’ll understand through that letter that it’s the only way.
“He cares about you, Cas, more than anyone ever could. And I know it might be impossible to think sometimes, but he does.” Sam smiles fondly. He was seeing a new spark rise in the angel’s eyes, something so hopeful, so gentle.
“It isn’t the time, my time hasn’t come! You promised, said you would only come when I’ll be happy. Well I am NOT!!! You can’t do that now you can’t!!! So get your ass back here and FIX THIS!!”
Anything but that. The Ma’lak box. To contain that power. Forever. So Dean had had to build it again, to spend hours, days, building something that would bury alive his best friend. His angel. The only one he loved. His whole world. He would have to lock him up, letting him live the eternity alone in that box. And doing that… Was worse than seeing him die.
‘No nope nu-uh Cas knows. What with all the not to subtle checking out, even a blind person would know that Dean is in love with Cas. Dean and Cas sitting in a tree and all that jazz.’
“I’m extremely old. I think I’m entitled.” Cas replied with another grin and handed Dean a glass of Orange juice to drink.
DID SOMEONE NOTICE WHAT I DID WITH THEIR MIDDLE NAMES? PLEASE TELL ME YOU DID I LOVE WHAT I DID THERE
"Cas-" Dean begins to speak but is interrupted by the chirping of his phone, indicating a new message. Cursing internally, Dean pulls out his phone and opens a message from Sammy, asking him what was taking him so long and that Ben was getting antsy.
"Look at you, Dean" Cas leans over and speaks breathlessly into his ear. "You look so gorgeous like this, sweaty and bent over for me. Look at your body, greedily taking my fingers like you were made for this. You have no idea how long I've wanted this, wanted you. Fuck, Dean."
A/N: HEY THERE! I’M SORRY IT TOOK ME SO LONG TO UPLOAD, MY LIFE HAS BEEN ONE SHIT STORM AFTER THE OTHER AND I HAD NEITHER THE TIME, NOR THE ENERGY TO WRITE OR UPLOAD. I HOPE Y’ALL ARE STILL FOLLOWING THE STORY. I’M SORRY IT ISN’T TOO GOOD, BUT THIS IS THE BEST I COULD MANAGE AT THE MOMENT. I HOPE THE NEXT UPDATE WILL BE BETTER.
The sight of his finger disappearing into Dean’s very perfect ass had him almost coming already. Cas gripped the base of his dick hard to stave off the orgasm.
AS USUAL, THIS IS UNBETA’ED AND ENGLISH ISN’T MY FIRST LANGUAGE SO FEEL FREE TO CALL ME OUT ON ANY AND ALL MISTAKES, LET ME KNOW HOW YOU LIKE THIS.
The next chapter will be Dean and Cas' not date with drinks, so hang on tight because this is going to get fun.
They spent most of the day drinking and playing games neither of them had played in what had to be decades. They ate some of the food that Cas had packed and some of what they sold at the arcade slash bar.
It worked because Dean grinned back at him and replied “Your with is my command, milady. Your chariot awaits.”
Dr. Dean Winchester was a child oncologist who loved his job as much as he loved his pie and his Baby. He loved the little kids who came to him with all his heart and it made him sad when they didn’t make it into adulthood or even to their teens. It killed him inside when he had to tell a parent that their precious little baby wouldn’t have a long time to live. He cried with the families when a child died because Dean Winchester firmly believed that family doesn’t end in blood, and every little kid that came through the doors of his hospital automatically became his family. He would do everything, absolutely everything, to make sure they lived a long and healthy life. But Cancer was a bitch so he also made sure all his little babies had the happiest last days of their short lives.
With that, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him behind himself. Cas looked down at their entwined hands and smiled softly. Maybe good things do happen to him.
Dean and Cas spent the time between their meetups constantly messaging each other, the ease of their conversation translating beautifully into text as it had in the coffee shop, and before Dean knows, it’s time for them to meet again.
pair of red panties, fishnets, and six inch high black heels. Fuck. Dean felt light headed with the lack of blood going to his brain.
The next few weeks were a flurry of activities as Claire got settled into the hospital and Cas established a schedule with the staff. Each day, he would drop by after school and spend the evening with Claire. Talking to her about their days and constantly reassuring her that she would be fine. He would always bring all the kids treats or toys or something small like that, which made him the favorite member of the hospital family that they had going on.
"The famous Sammy Winchester! God it's so good to see you! Dean wasn't exaggerating about your huge size was he? You're actually a moose." Charlie laughed at Sam who was confused as to what had just happened.
This chapter is *slightly* longer and by slightly I mean 4 pages instead of 3, to make up for the lost time. (Remind me never to make up for stuff, I might just make it worse)
On the way to his car, Dean sends Cas a message so that he has Dean's number too, and the goofy smile on his face doesn't fade for the rest of the day.
“The name is Balthazar.” Blondie replied in a quite sexy, possibly European, accent. Dammit, not only did he look good, Dean could admit that even if he hated the guy, but he also had the accent thing going on. Dean: 0, Blondie: 2.
After breakfast, they both took a shower – separately – because ‘No, Dean. Taking a shower together will most certainly not save water.’ So after their showers, they were ready to leave. Before heading out to their date though, Cas wanted to meet Claire, knowing as they probably won’t be meeting her afterwards, being way too busy among themselves.
Out of nowhere, Cas produced a bottle of lube, Dean knew better than to ask where that came from by now, and immediately thrust two lubed up fingers inside him. Dean groaned loudly as the thick fingers opened him up skillfully, brushing against his prostate every few thrusts.
“Why, Dean, won’t you come with me?” he asked. “Don’t worry, I’ll protect your virtue. Don’t you trust me?”
Cas moaned as he replied, “Oh! I need you to fuck me with your cock, Dean. Your thick, hard cock. Weeping for me. I need you to push it in my ass and fold me in half, fucking me hard and fast. Not giving me any time to catch my breath.”
eyes, and is sporting some serious sex hair. Seriously, every time Castiel rode his motorcycle to the classes, the helmet messed up his hair, and all Dean wanted to do was to run his hand through it, pulling at the soft-looking locks and mess them up even more. Again, Dean knows that to a normal person, it would be seriously creepy how much he knows about his student’s life. And if the fucking clothes and the hair and the glasses weren’t enough, Castiel lifts his hand to twirl his pencil between his fingers and that action almost brings Dean to his knees right there in front of his entire class. Castiel is wearing black gloves- the kind with the fingers cut off at the knuckles- and is sporting some maroon nail polish that matched his jacket perfectly. God, what wouldn’t Dean give to see those huge, red nailed hands wrapped around his cock, right fucking now! Dean wants those fingers on his cock, him sucking on them, or maybe fingering him open for something much big- STOP! Ugh he really needs to concentrate, today’s topic was an important one! Dammit, Novak!
Cas is upset. Of course Cas is upset, this isn’t the first time Dean has had to cancel their weekly date night. And yet, even though Cas is upset, he still covered Dean with a blanket when he fell asleep working in his office. Cas is a gem and deserves much better, Dean thinks, but he’s so thankful that Cas loves him so much.
“No, Cas. I’m fine, I’m just tired, I’ll go to bed I think.” Dean managed and went to his room, shutting his door behind him before letting himself feel bad for not being able to date Cas. He lay in bed for a long time imagining what it would be like to date Cas, to hold him in his arms, how Cas’ lips would feel against his and how it would be to be able to tell Cas that he loved him.
“Oh. Okay. I, uh, I’ll just get ready too. Then I’ll take you to, uh, your place for a change of clothes and then we can go to the hospital.”
That night, Dean fell asleep with a smile on his face, knowing that no matter what happened, he would always have Cas’ friendship to fall back on, that no matter what happened, he wouldn’t lose Cas to his feelings. That was the best Dean could have asked for.
“I do trust you, Cas, but I don’t trust myself. If I go with you, there is no way we’ll get any sleep tonight. I want to do this right. This is more than just sex to me, I want to go out on dates with you, I want to hold your hand and kiss you in public. I want people to see you’re with me. I don’t want to rush into this just because my dick wants to.”
As soon as Cas was buried completely in Dean, Dean began to move, without giving either of them enough time to adjust. Dean rose until only the head of his dick was inside and slammed his ass down as hard as he could, moaning a high pitched moan.
"So Charlie, what brings you to our side of the woods, screeching and screaming, making me go half deaf?"
"Thank you." The man says, before continuing, "You were muttering something about Ben. May I ask, is Ben your kid?" He looks so awkward asking it that Dean feels a burst of affection for the stranger.
“I’m glad my coffee is a good companion for you and your magical fantasies.” he said, smirking slightly as his voice dripped with innuendo.
Unsure of what to do next, Dean pulled Cas in for a hug which was one of the most awkward thing either of them had ever experienced.
“It’s okay Dean. You needed that and I am more than happy to be able to help you. Now, you drink this glass of water and go home and sleep. Your nurse friend Charlie told me you haven’t slept for more than 2 hours since yesterday morning. No, Dean. Don’t object to it. You need to rest. There is Jessica as well as other oncologists who can be on call. You need to take the rest of the day off. When was even the last time you took a day off. Hmm? Charlie says, never. So today you go home and sleep the day, then in the evening I’m taking you out for drinks. You will relax for a while, have some drinks, loosen up. Then tomorrow you can come back if you want, but for today, you are not on call for today, okay? Now quickly drink up your water and go home.”
“Seriously Dean? You never realized you’ve been in love with your best friend for years? That’s why Gabe and Charlie and I tease you guys so much. You two are so in love with each other that even a blind person would think you’re together but neither of you ever realize it.”
Dean opened his drawer of toys and looked at them disapprovingly. None of them appealed to him just then. The adrenaline that always got him through days long shifts at the fire station had turned to horniness and despite the need he felt to be filled, none of his favorite toys seemed any fun right then because none of them would compare to the real thing – they were just toys after all.
Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’ cheek and reached beyond him to open the door for his date. After he shut the door for Cas, he went around the car and got in, starting the car and driving back towards the city.
When they stopped at a red light, Dean was pulled out of his happy musings with a very smiley, tipsy Cas resting his head on Dean’s thighs. Well, it would make driving a bit more difficult but it was worth it. Dean loved toughing Cas in any way possible, and he stroked his hand through Cas’ always messy sex-hair. Cas let out a pleased purr and turned his eyes towards Dean.
Dean knew Cas had heard him come in but he continued to be a tease as he prepared his food, sticking out his ass more than necessary.
The man bit down a moan into Cas’ neck and moaned out a choked ‘Dean.’ Dean then. By the time they got a cab and reached Cas’ place, Green Eyes – Dean – had managed to suck a series of marks into the skin of Cas’ neck. Ignoring the dirty look the driver gave them, Cas paid him and soon he and Dean entered his house. Dean pounced back on him even before he had closed the door and they began to undress each other in a hurry. The five steps to his room took them almost fifteen minutes because they kept getting distracted by each other.
“You know, I quite like the idea of you taking care of it yourself.” He said, palming at Cas’ dick. “Seeing you get yourself off, not able to get me to touch you, when I’m just a few feet away.” He could see the shiver that ran down Cas’ spine at his words. He knew that Cas liked the idea too. “But right now, right now I’m not that patient. I’ve waited a long time for this, and there’s no force on this planet that’s going to keep me away from you.” With that, Dean crossed Cas and pulled him into a deep kiss, walking them both backwards into his room. The few steps from the door to his bed took more than a few minutes because they both were too busy grabbing at whatever part of the other’s body they could reach. Finally, Dean felt the back of his bed knock against the back of his legs. He sat down on the bed, pulling Cas on top of him.
... Dean still couldn’t change anything, do anything or say anything about what he felt. Damn, that he felt, so much. But he couldn’t. He was still too scared of his own feelings to do anything. And so he was trapped again, unable to act on his love, while he felt, stronger than ever. While now he knew and knew. And he was screaming inside, knowing finally what he felt. But something was still pushing it all deep, letting the fear and trauma win. And so he kept hopping Castiel would know, that he would know without Dean ever having to say or do anything to him. He kept trying to show him his love, in his eyes, his touches, his actions, his words.
Cas’ heart stopped as worry filled his being, hearing a shuddered and hard breathing, unpeaceful and suffering, when movements were heard, fast and hurried. Then the door was finally open and Castiel could see the hunter struggling, sweating and turning himself again and again in bed.
Castiel was feeling so tired. So hurt. He couldn’t save them. He would die, they would all die on that field. The end was there. It was over. And he couldn’t let that happen, he just couldn’t. But he would have to.
He was screaming, shouting, letting out all his anger, all his pain. And he was hoping deep down that maybe the Empty would understand. But nothing happened. He was still bleeding in the middle of the loud and violent fight.
And while his body was still shivering, tears running and running above his cheeks, the dark shape came to surround him.
“I said I’m in love with you, Castiel. All of you, you and your eternal weird sense of humor… your smile, your laugh… You, just you. I fell in love with you, years ago, and... maybe even from the beginning. And these feelings for you, they never stopped growing, getting stronger every day. Cas I… I never cared about anyone like I care about you. I never felt this type of feeling. Ever. I just can’t stop thinking and worrying about you every single day and every single night. I just… I
“Because I was dead.” Cas finished the sentence with a thoughtful and calm voice, unsure and trying to really get what was happening. Sam nodded, and the angel seemed to wonder a minute, thinking. “But, I’ve died before, it’s not-”
Right in front of his eyes, right after telling the one he loved his true feelings, that he couldn’t lose him… His love would’ve disappeared, without letting the hunter realize anything.
Though it did hurt. Sometimes, when he felt too much, or when he knew Dean needed it, it hurt so much, not being able to reach out to him. To hold his hand, to hold him tight. It hurt, sometimes, to know that they would never be happy together. That he would never wake up next to Dean, or reach out whenever they both need or want it. But that pain faded away long ago, only here now when he could see Dean struggling so hard. Because what they had was enough for him. He cherished their bond and love as it was, unspoken and to feel from afar. It was enough. He never asked for anything more, and he could never. For as long as he would live, he would be here for Dean, and he would love him endlessly, no matter what.
- But…” The hunter couldn’t even hear what the angel was saying, too blinded by his feelings. “I can’t lose you Cas… I already did too many times. I can’t see you die again. I can’t let you risk your life. And certainly not to save mine. I won’t let you do that again.”
. Dean. The hunter was giving everything he had, fighting a vampire and a werewolf. He had done this his whole life and still, the angel didn’t know where all his strength was from. Dean was incredible. And he knew he would be fighting till the end. Never giving up. Like he never did.
And Dean had felt in. He knew. He was feeling all that the angel was giving to him. All that love, that care, affection, protection, emotions, and feelings... He could feel it. And it only broke his heart more than it already was.
. Sam had thought. But for the first time, he hadn’t even been annoyed by his brother and his called 'best friend' being so loudly obvious. He was just happy. For having Cas back. For having his brother happy. For having his brother back.
It was their first kiss, and they took the most of it, telling everything through their lips moving against the other ones. Because they knew it was their last. They knew it was a goodbye. That, this moment, what they were sharing right now… Would be the only time, the only chance. The last moment. They both knew it.
The smile on Castiel’s face faded away in a second as his heart stopped. The arms surrounding him were suddenly cold, and he could now hear Dean laugh. But it wasn’t that harmonious and sweet sound that he used to love to hear. It was malicious. Evil. And the angel didn’t understand.
The nightmares were violent, his breathing was unsteady, and he kept whispering, calling, hurting the same word, “No”, again and again, trying to run away from the vision haunting him, but stuck on that unending cycle of reliving it again and again. His voice was broken between sobs and shudders, and he was calling, calling and calling.
“No no no no no Cas please, please you can’t, not like that not now please, please open your eyes alright…” The hunter was now holding the angel tight against him, one hand resting on the angel’s cheek. “Cas hold on, it’s gonna be okay, it’s gonna be fine, alright, I’m gonna get you out of here I promise…”
I’m asking you to stop. Don’t go anywhere looking for me. I need you to. Do never look for me. It would be useless Dean, don’t find me. I don’t want to be found. I left. This morning, while you were still asleep. I came to say goodbye to you. You didn’t hear me, but I was there.
And please, don’t blame the kid for not telling you. He did everything he could to stop it, and to convince me after that, said we would find a solution, like we always do. But it’s the Empty. And like I said, even God, even Jack can’t stop it. So we can’t fix this.
That’s why I stopped you, in purgatory, when you said you needed to say something. I knew. And I couldn’t let you say it. I still had to protect you. To watch over you, like I always did, like I always will. But you guys don’t need me anymore. Chuck is gone, Amara too… There is no balance anymore, there is just simple life. And you have Jack. That kid is strong. You’ll be happy, the three of you.
And Sam thought about the look on Dean’s eyes when he had received Cas’ call, when he saw him, when he hugged him. He thought about how at that moment, his brother had found life and hope again. How suddenly he was
So believe me when I say I love you, because I do, so much. And I know you do it too Dean. I know it. I’m an angel, you know, and we’re bonded, remember? I know the way your heart beats so fast when I enter the room. The way you look at me… I know you feel it too. And I know you know it. Even if you never talk about it, like I never do either.
So Sam had taken him carefully to his bed, to silently come back to Castiel after that. And there was he, now, trying to find the right words on how to tell the angel how he meant to Dean.
Now you understand why I did what I did this morning. Dean, I can’t be happy. But that doesn’t mean you can’t be happy too. You know our happiness are connected. If we let things like they are, the only way for you to be happy, is us. But we can’t happen Dean. Because the moment we would, the Empty would drag me to nothing, and you would live your whole life with guilt. And maybe lose yourself in your pain. I know you, Dean, and I can’t let that happen. It’s over for me, but it doesn’t have to be for you.
He knew Cas was still breathing, but his breath was only getting lower and lower. He knew Cas wouldn’t hold on much longer. He didn’t even know how could he still be here… what strength got him to keep fighting like that. It was like… like he couldn’t die. Like something was missing, holding him back. Like something had to happen, had to be done, before he could reach the darkness.
And never, never know… That somewhere, Castiel would still hear him, desperately trying, years after years, to reach him.
So Castiel’s fingers began to trace circles back into Dean’s hair, slowly admiring the soft expression of Dean’s sleepy face, listening to his calmed breath, again and again, watching the hunter’s abdomen rise and fall at its own rhythm, feeling all tense leave them both.
