“Hey, calm down.  I’m not going anywhere.  You can have whatever you want but there’s no rush.  We have all day.”
“I don’t know.  I don’t think it’s that because that would have raised my suspicions immediately.  It’ll come back to me, but let’s just be vigilant.”
He was not repelled by closeness to John, though he certainly took exception to anyone else invading his personal space.  He was happy leaning closely over John’s shoulder to read his blog.  He already allowed John access to touch parts of his body when he asked him to reach his phone from an inside pocket to save himself the effort and that never bothered him either.  Whenever he had any kind of injury, John was the only person he would have tend to him, reserving visits to the hospital to those circumstances of the direst, life-threatening severity only.
The other boys all pulled back, looking scared and glancing around to see if a policeman was bearing down on them.  They decided it wasn’t worth the risk and took off, much to John’s relief.
Sherlock looked at the space where John had been and then across to the closed bathroom door.  Was that…?  Had he just…?  Did they…?  He couldn’t finish a thought as everything went whirring through his head so fast.  He looked down at his own crotch and saw the wet, sticky patch over his groin.  His part in this hadn’t just been a dream; he had actually come in his own pyjamas.  Did that mean that John’s part had been just as real?  Had he seriously just given John a blow job?  John had certainly run out of there quick enough and he had had to pull up his trousers on the way which had been encircling his thighs just where Sherlock had pulled them.
"Well no, I don't actually.  I know you deduced I was bi but it was only a snatched kiss behind the gym, so this part is as new to me as it is to you; yours is the first cock I've ever touched aside from my own, of course."
John and Sherlock headed back to their rooms, John eager to get started straight away.  He and Sherlock set themselves up at John’s desk and John got out his highlighter pen and Sherlock got out his notebook and pen and they had a first read-through of the play.  John read the stage directions and his own character and Sherlock read in for the other parts.  As John read the descriptions of the scenes Sherlock wrote down all the props that were mentioned and any other things he thought would be needed to complete the set up.  Every time John got to some of his own lines or stage directions that related to him he highlighted them all in yellow to make it easier to spot his own interactions.
John was allowed in once they had him settled and he kept a close check on the monitors, knowing exactly what to look out for and anticipating the exchange of medication and blood bags so that when the nurses came in they found everything already done for them.  They also had Sherlock on a nutrient solution.  Even though he had only been held hostage for a few days, he clearly hadn’t been taking proper care of himself before that either and John was determined to get him back in as healthy a condition as soon as possible.
When John was finally able to drag his lips from Sherlock’s for a moment he used his teeth to bite lightly over the skin just behind Sherlock’s ear.  Sherlock groaned and tilted his head to the side, allowing John free access.  John swirled his tongue over his bite and slowly worked his way down to the junction of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder, nibbling and kissing as he went.  When he got to an area where he judged Sherlock’s collar would partially hide it, but where he himself could clearly see it, he sucked a deep love bite, marking his possession.
Greg nodded his acceptance of Sherlock’s acknowledgement and let himself out of John’s room, smiling to himself as he heard John asking Sherlock to take his clothes off, as he shut the door.
"That's good, John.  I was looking at all the others who were in the waiting room and I don't anticipate you having any serious competition.  Especially if you played it the way we rehearsed last night.  You are far superior."
Sherlock smiled at John and nodded his head in acceptance so John let it go, though he vowed to himself that he really would spend more time with Sherlock.
“I know you said that and I appreciate it.”  John pulled Sherlock back to lean against his chest and ruffled his hair as it tickled under his chin.  “I think I’m ready though.  I’ve been out in the sun and was fine as long as I was well covered; thank you again for the new coat and bits and pieces you got delivered, by the way; a far better option than the ear hat you first suggested.”
He opened his eyes, deciding he’d better get himself ready for school before his Mum came up to see why he wasn’t out of bed.  Wait a minute - that wasn’t his ceiling?  He recognised that view – that was Sherlock’s ceiling.  He was in Sherlock’s room.  Oh shit!  Shit, shit, shit!  He tilted his head and there, resting on his leg, was only bloody Sherlock himself.  Lying right next to John’s sated penis with a big smile on his face! Bloody, buggering shit!  Now, what was he going to do…?
They managed to make their way over to the bed whilst still kissing, Sherlock crawling backwards as John leant over him and straddled his way until they were both fully sited then Sherlock let go as his head dropped down to the bed.
“John, that was amazing!  It was an absolutely eloquent piece of deduction and that, believe me, is not something I often say.”
As he reached their door and went for the handle, it opened seemingly by itself and he was hit by a blast of warmth from the fire he saw blazing in the hearth in front of him.  He shuffled forward, as if drawn in by that mesmerising heat source and vaguely felt the door close behind him.  His coat was pulled from his shoulders and his arms were raised as the scrub top was pulled over his head.  A towel was draped around his neck as the hands moved down to remove his trousers, pants, socks and shoes in one go.  He knew he shouldn’t really be allowing himself to be stripped by unseen hands but he was too far gone to realise half of what was happening; he just stood bemusedly looking at the fire.
Sherlock cupped John’s balls and rubbed them softly with one hand.  He stroked the shaft with the other, twirling his tongue around the head at the same time.  That was too much for John, and he shouted out as he came hard down Sherlock’s throat.  Sherlock licked him clean then stood back, with a smirk on his face, as he looked at John struggling to keep himself upright in his bliss.  Sherlock took pity and led him over to the bed and lay him down to catch his breath.
John grinned at Mycroft’s distaste but nodded his head and they sat down with the team to plan out their campaign.
I would have to agree with you that group therapy sessions are the worst kind of hell.  I was made to go to one after my parents were killed.  It was bad enough having to speak to a single therapist let alone a whole roomful of people.   I get how some people feel that sharing with others is helpful but I guess I’m just not one of them.
Sherlock contemplated just charging out to do his own thing, but the memory stick was already burning a hole in his pocket as his fingers gripped it more tightly.  He needed a laptop right now and he couldn’t deny it would be nice to put on some proper clothing again too.
Sherlock wanted a proper taste so on the next lick up John’s shaft he paused at the top and took the head into his mouth.  His teeth caught against the ridge and John grabbed him almost painfully and jerked back.
“There we are Sir, all shipshape and ready to go.  If you’ll excuse me, I’ll just be off to check the next officer now.  Thank you, goodbye.”  With that, he spun round on his heels and was back out through the door before anyone could say anything; leaving them with dropped jaws and shocked expressions.
Sherlock took a few more draughts of the delicious endorphin-rich blood then he licked the wound to seal the puncture marks.  He licked the skin all round to clean it up and then moved up higher to lick all the come off John’s shaft and abdomen.  He wanted to taste everything and watching John come like that had left him feeling happier than he thought he ever had been in his life.  The only thing which could possibly top it would be biting John’s neck whilst Sherlock came deep within his arse.  That would definitely have to be the next thing on the agenda if John would agree to it.  Sherlock rested his head on John’s abdomen and felt a soft touch to his hair as John rested his hand there, not even having the energy to move it about.  Sherlock placed a gentle kiss next to John’s belly button and then let them both rest and recover.
"Can you blame me?  Even the thought of you inside me makes me hard so what it'll actually be like when you're there..." John kissed Sherlock's nose and grinned at him.  "That was a hint for you to get on with it, by the way."
He clicked into his text program and sent a single message to Sherlock before turning off his phone so that he wouldn’t see the, no doubt, countless replies he would receive.  He got undressed and into bed and lay tossing and turning in the dark, until he finally fell asleep in the early hours; trying to convince himself that everything was fine, and it would all work out, and Sherlock would be okay.
Sherlock followed Jenkins down the middle aisle, swerving his body as he tried to avoid the obstacles being pulled out in front of him.  John  went left and ran straight down to the end, trying to beat them to the bottom as he had a clear path except for the staff who were helpfully keeping out of his way after they heard Sherlock shouting 'Police' as he made his way past them.
Sherlock heard his own voice play out into the room and was pleased to hear that it sounded genuine and heartfelt.  A loud gasp echoed up the stairs as John instantly recognised the caller followed by silence as he obviously listened avidly to the message.  When it came to the end part where Sherlock said he was in John’s room he heard a loud thud as the phone hit the floor.  The next thing was the pounding of feet on the stairs and the door to John’s room was flung open so hard that it rebounded against the wall and would have closed again if John hadn’t been standing there blocking the open doorway.
"I'd like to look at your member lists if possible please and the log of who's been in during the past two weeks."
Sherlock drew out the last note and remained still for a long moment, his arms held steady as the echo faded.  He finally opened his eyes and looked down at John and was stunned to see that John had tears in his eyes.
“It was, unfortunately, necessary that Sherlock be seen to die and for your grief and mourning to be observed as genuine.”
John could tell that Sherlock was almost there so he dragged his lips slowly back up the shaft and let it pop wetly from his lips.  He blew over the tip, the cold air on the hot flesh making Sherlock shiver.  When John made no move to replace his mouth again, Sherlock opened the eyes he had been squeezing tightly shut as his climax had been approaching.
John and Sherlock left in great excitement and were back again the next day at 12:15 - Sherlock allowing John a bare minimum of fifteen minutes to finish his lunch - before they were knocking on the door ready to begin.  The wood Mr Johnson had brought in was perfect for what they needed.  Sherlock had downloaded some pictures from the internet, and had even been able to find some specs for construction so they knew exactly what they needed to do.
“No, John, don’t even try to defend him.  He said something to you, didn’t he, and I don’t even have to ask when; it was on the night of my sixteenth birthday, wasn’t it.”
"Well, this is the area where the man many, myself included, believe committed the crimes used to live.  He didn't kill anyone on his own doorstep, of course, the murders were actually all in Whitechapel."
Highly pleased with his purchases, which the lady had also very kindly wrapped for him, he was even content enough to follow Mycroft to three of the stores he needed to visit before his patience gave out.  Then he insisted that he needed to go to the station, in case John’s train came in early.
The main facility was underground and Sherlock was taken down in the lift and insisted he knew the way when he got out on to the correct floor.  He nodded at Anthea as he went past and opened Mycroft’s door without knocking.
Sherlock didn’t go to the green room; he stayed backstage, his eyes not on his surroundings but looking within his own memory for something that wasn’t right.  Something had occurred during the first half of the performance that was off, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was.  He thought back over everything that had happened so far, replaying the whole show back through his mind.  What was it?
The rest of their year group had been together more or less all the way through the main school, and continuing on to the sixth form which was part of the same complex.  Having someone new in their ranks was very exciting and she had been the life of the party, much to Sherlock’s chagrin.
“That was why I had to jump.  He’d ordered a hit on the three of you and, when he killed himself to make sure I couldn’t make him call it off, I had no other choice.”
“Sherlock.  I wanted to ask if you would like to go out for a meal tomorrow night?  With me.  As a date, I mean.”  John was still a little flustered so he tried again.  “Would you like to go on a date with me?”
John slid his hand up the length of Sherlock's cock then back down again and cupped his balls, pulling them lightly.  Sherlock copied him and on his next pass upwards he gave a little twist of the head of the shaft which made John gasp.  Sherlock brought his finger to his lips as John had done and grinned at him.  Oh, it was definitely on.  Both of them tried their hardest to get the other to make some kind of noise whilst trying to resist the temptation themselves.  Sherlock was biting his lip to keep himself quiet and John resorted to bringing his other hand to his mouth and chewing on a knuckle.
John had worked up quite a head of steam again by the time he got to Mycroft’s office.  The man had been coming to his house every week without fail and had seen what state he was in, yet he’d said nothing.  Now John wanted answers and Mycroft better not think he could still get away with this silence.
“I saw you come in with her.  Not that I was looking, of course, you just happened to cross my eye-line.”
When Sherlock finally reached the top of John’s legs, the man was a quivering wreck above him.  He had been dragged through so many sensations as Sherlock discovered erogenous zones he never knew he had.  Sherlock rested between John’s legs for a few moments just staring at the hard shaft in front of him.  His upper arms were lying across John’s thighs and his hands were pressed against the skin of his abdomen, surrounding John’s cock within a triangle created from his first fingers and thumbs.  Sherlock watched as each time he pressed down with his fingers, John’s cock would bob in front of him.  The next time it came close to him he stuck his tongue out and flicked the slit as it neared his lips.
“Sherlock, would you mind playing for me tonight please?  I feel like hearing something with a bit more of the personal touch.”
"Sorry, Mycroft, did you say something?  Couldn't hear you from down here and it's very impolite to shout."
He’d said it.  Sherlock hadn’t misheard.  John said he loved him.  After all this time, too.  He’d said ‘still’ love you as if it was something that had happened a long time ago.  He didn’t appear to be ashamed of it either, or he surely wouldn’t have put it on an answerphone message that anyone could hear.  It seemed he’d put paid to his cries of ‘not gay’ then whilst Sherlock had been away.  Well, that was a bonus if nothing else.  Sherlock had always been struck by a sad lack of hope whenever he had heard John denying the chance there could ever be anything between them.
"Of course, it's still something I want, idiot.  It's just a bit of a shock to take all this on board out of nowhere.  Before we do anything else, though, could we ease my throat?"
“I will always be available for you in any way you want me.  You don’t need to hold me captive – although, that might be interesting to try, too.”  John grinned at him.
“I certainly want to spend as long as I can with you and we can at least sit together there even if we can’t do anything else.”
Sherlock had obviously finished his mental sorting as he climbed on the bed and pushed Greg down to lie on his back.  He kissed him firmly on the lips then leaned up to look him in the face, a fiendish grin on his face.
They met up with Mike and Molly again when they got outside and Sherlock could instantly tell that what John had said was correct.  He could see by the state of their lips that they had been kissing.   Molly's blouse was creased and Mike's hair was mussed so they had clearly been getting a bit handsy as well - though they obviously hadn't gone as far as John and himself had he thought with a satisfied grin.  He hadn't counted on Molly being quite so observant as well; though perhaps if he could have seen himself he might have reconsidered.
The final part so now for some good stuff.  Greg comes back to give them his answer and then the fun begins.  Hope you enjoy.
Sherlock wriggled up John's body and captured his lips.  They had been waiting so long for this, it seemed, and now it was finally the right time.  They kissed for a while, then Sherlock rolled off and up and grabbed John's hand, pulling him to his feet.
John’s hand flew to his neck to check his pulse but he couldn’t feel anything there.  He tried his wrist and put his hand over his heart, but still nothing.  He held his breath but it had no effect on him; he didn’t go blue in the face or end up gasping.  He looked at Sherlock, stunned, not able to accept the evidence that was in front of his own eyes.  He shook his head and scrambled back ‘til he was pressed up against the headboard.
John hadn’t forgotten the challenge he had accepted when Sherlock had given him that first amazing blow job.  When John had offered to reciprocate, Sherlock had stated that there was no need as he had full control over his body.  John had promised that he would prove him wrong and had been planning all sorts of things to drive Sherlock absolutely crazy.  He had decided that today was the day.
Sherlock had been quickly running out of ideas as to how to handle the Mary situation though.  He had tried ignoring her and tempting John with other activities, but that hadn’t worked.  He had made comments to her and about her, but all that did was make John disappointed in him and that wasn’t a look he liked to see on John’s face.  He had tried being nice(-ish) to her and John had been really pleased with him which he had liked, but he had been so annoyed at having to fake being happy around her that the effort had become too much for him.  He had finally been reduced to trying to avoid her where possible.  This meant he spent even less time with John which made him very unhappy, but he just didn’t know what else he could do.
“It is a special occasion, yes, but not in the way you’re thinking.  I decided that as it was my service and injury that brought me to you then I would celebrate that using my tie, but wearing it round my neck wasn’t what I had in mind.”
“Like my message said that was, unfortunately, a necessary subterfuge – your life was in danger; I had to disappear for a while to keep you safe.”
“Are you kidding?  I’m sure he’ll be gobsmacked, but judging by the way he writes about you and how sad his last post sounded, he can’t be anything but happy to see you alive.”
They pulled up in front of the house as Sherlock was busy explaining what vessels they had in the boat house.  John was a little overwhelmed by the very obvious level of wealth enjoyed by Sherlock's family; even more so as the butler came out to welcome them home, along with a footman to gather their bags and a chauffeur to take the car around to the garage.
Sherlock got into the four by four and was soon motoring back towards the base where he was speedily transferred to a jet for the last leg to take him back to London.
Sherlock walked over to the locker where John’s things had been stowed and got out the bag.  The package inside was double protected in bubble wrap and then inside that was something wrapped in tissue paper.  Sherlock walked back over to John and peeled back the tissue paper and stared.  His glance shot up to John’s face, shock in his eyes.
“Well I think the choice comes down to whether you want to – I believe the parlance is ‘suck or fuck’ – and then we could join at the climax on either side of his neck and take his blood.”
"I'm having way too much fun."  John laughed and smacked Sherlock's arse again three times in rapid succession.  Sherlock groaned and ground his hips into the pillow, trying to get any kind of friction he could.  "Hey, that's cheating."
‘Hi, it’s John.  If you’re ringing about the wardrobe advertised in the paper, it’s already been sold, sorry.  If this is a journalist, I have absolutely nothing to say to you so please don’t call again.  If it’s Greg then I’ll see you at the usual time on Tuesday; if you get there first, make mine a Guinness, please.  If it’s anyone else, you know what to do; please leave a message after the beep.  PS.  If this is Sherlock reaching out from the Great Beyond – because, let’s face it, if anyone could do it, it would be you – you’re a complete dick for leaving me alone like this, but I still love you.’
John looked across at Sherlock, his mouth dropped open.  He loved Sherlock’s voice at the best of times but hearing those dulcet tones perfectly pronounce such vulgar words with special emphasis on the final syllables just left him in awe.  Sherlock took in the dilated pupils and the held breath and moved towards John, holding his mouth close to John’s ear and dropping his voice even deeper.
“Well that can be easily rectified.”  John grinned at him.  “Get yourself on the bed and I’ll be right with you.”
Sherlock looked surprised.  He had certainly had comments on his looks before, but people were never interested in his astute comments and his remarks instantly irritated people and put all thoughts of his looks out of their heads.  He took a sip of his drink, hiding the slight blush that darkened his cheeks.
Thank you for your letter.  Our unit was chosen to receive a collection of letters from home and I was lucky enough to get yours so I thank you for the attention you gave to writing it, however, brief that may have been.  Do you really delete things from your brain – how does that even work?
“You do realise that I’ve already had you begging twice.  Where was your much vaunted resistance then?”
Sherlock was enjoying his dream of John.  This was how he wished he really could wake up; his hands rubbing circles on John’s back and the warm scent of him filling his nostrils.  Not that he had ever really been close enough to get such an all-encompassing scent of him before; only whiffs here and there, but this was how he imagined it would be.  He felt John’s hands in his hair, pushing his head closer to that heady aroma.  He had loved the feeling of John ruffling his hair last night; it had been so tender and he had felt safe and cherished.  It didn’t surprise him that he was dreaming of that again now.
The only things that could have been doctored to target only one person were the plates or cups themselves, and after the party, they would have been put in the plastic recycling bins, so that was where Sherlock led them next.  They quickly found the plates and cups that had been used at the party.  Nothing else had been going on yesterday so there wasn’t anything that had been put in on top of them; luckily they hadn’t had anything messy or sticky to eat at the party, so they were all fairly clean.  Sherlock had brought a bag with him and he counted in all the plates and cups and, with a gleeful smile on his face, he turned to lead John over to the science labs.  This was one time that he was actually glad for something that Mycroft had done, as the special access pass he had to the labs would come in very handy.
John straightened his shoulders and stood up in front of Simon.  He had a perfectly polite smile on his face, as far as anyone watching them would observe, but underneath he was seething at the way Sherlock was being treated.  It was only made worse by the fact that it was so commonplace to Sherlock that he was just accepting it and not fighting back.
Sherlock carefully slid John’s head back on to his chest, from where it had slipped to press down on his shoulder, giving him a dead arm.  He clenched his fist as all the feeling rushed back in with a pins and needles sensation.  When it stopped he put his arm around John and stroked up his back, fingers carding through the short hair at the base of John’s head.  John made a funny noise, almost a rumble in his throat, and pushed backwards into the contact, enjoying the feeling of fingers in his hair, even in his sleep.
“Ok, give it here then.”  John dialled his Mum’s number.  “Hi Mum, it’s John.  No, there's nothing wrong; I'm fine.  How are you?  That's good.  Mum, I was wondering if I could go to stay at my friend's house when we get back from Scotland after Christmas please?  No, it's not Mike; it's a boy who just started here this term and his name is Sherlock.  Yes, it is quite an unusual name; if fits him perfectly as he's rather a unique person, too.  His family have a party on Boxing Day and he's invited me to that, and then to stay afterwards, and we'll come back to school together when term begins.  No, his Mum doesn't mind; he's just rung her to ask.  His older brother will pick me up at the station.  Yes, honestly, she's fine if I stay for the rest of the holidays.  Oh thanks, Mum, you're the greatest.  Yes, okay, I'll see you when I get home.  Yes, I'm looking forward to it, too.  See you soon.  Bye Mum."
John was the first to surface, probably because his one leg was still stuck under Sherlock where he had fallen on it.  He nudged Sherlock, who slid sleepily over to the side, allowing John to stretch out properly.  John used his other leg to drag the cover up from the bottom of the bed and he pulled it over them both, falling asleep with Sherlock snugly in his arms.
John laughed, “Oh, it’s so good to hear that snarky tone again.  I even missed that along with everything else.  I… I missed you, Sherlock.  Things haven’t been good.”
Sherlock didn’t need telling twice.  He captured John’s lower lip, nipping it with his fang and licking the blood which bubbled to the surface.  John pulled away, worried.
"I'm playing perfectly fair.  You can't expect to get the good stuff on the first question.  You'll have nothing to aim for."
This showed him that he clearly had no issues with regard to being in physical contact with John but there were more intimate activities which would, of course, be part of having a real relationship to consider as well.  He had never indulged in those activities himself, though he obviously knew what people did during the many forms of copulation.  Some of it he had, unfortunately, witnessed first-hand when he had been at boarding school, and though it had disgusted him at the time, he had to admit that thinking of John in that manner did not draw those same feelings now.   Surely that should tell him everything.  His interest was piqued and with Sherlock, curiosity was everything.
They spent their day much as they had the previous one.  Sherlock got John food and drinks and helped him move about and even agreed to watch a Bond film with him.
Sherlock leaned forward and moved his hands around John’s back to pull him in close and kissed him deeply.  He wasn’t satisfied to stay in one place for too long though.  He was getting so many signals firing in his brain as it sank in that he was finally allowed to have what he wanted that his fingers and lips just roved all over John’s face and neck as he tried to taste it all at once.
“If she was, I can’t believe that she would put it into a drink she was having at a party.  She would be more likely to take it privately in her room if that was necessary.  Plus I would have seen if she did that as she was sitting right next to you and she didn’t touch her cup until she gave it to you.  If she had known it contained her medication then she wouldn’t have passed it on to anyone else, would she?”
You need have no worries about that ridiculous person who contacted you.  It was none other than my interfering brother, sticking his enormously long nose in to places where it has no business whatsoever.  I have texted him and informed him to leave you alone so I hope he will not bother you again.  I knew being nice to him was a mistake, even though I was emulating you.  My saying thank you to him over co-signing that lease had apparently shaken him up so much that he wanted to speak to you himself.  I soon put him straight and told him that what I do and with whom I do it is nothing to do with him.  That might keep him out of our hair for a few weeks at least, I don’t hold out hope for much more than that; he is just impossible.
“It’s not alright.  No, it’s not.  If it was alright then Sherlock would be here and I wouldn’t have been mourning him for months for no bloody reason.”
All this flashed across Mycroft’s face in a millisecond and only someone so familiar with a Holmes would have noticed the hint of concern before Mycroft cleared his face.  John was just such a person and he knew what this must mean.
Sherlock came over and snuggled up next to John – cuddling was another one of those things of which Sherlock had found himself unable to get enough.  He was making a lot of these discoveries since he’d been with John.  Things which he’d always thought unnecessary were now as important as air – well, more important, as half the time he considered breathing boring.  John was decidedly not boring; not in any way, shape or form.  The boys lay on John’s bed for an hour, just enjoying each other’s company, before they headed over for the start of Sunday’s drama session.
John smiled back at him.  “Will do.”  Then he was gone, rushing down the stairs to catch up with Sherlock before he disappeared to chase down the next clue.
“Thank you, Gregory, that’s most generous of you to say,” Mycroft smiled at him, seeming shyly pleased at receiving such a compliment.   “I’m afraid neither Sherlock nor myself have really been interested in obtaining companionship before now so we thought we would engage a service to streamline the process.”
"That's not true, I think of you always, John; more than I would imagine possible some times.  It seems that whatever I do you are there in my thoughts."
“Well, like he said, he had to jump to save you, didn’t he?  They had to see him dead so you’d be safe or they’d be after you again.”
When he finally reached Sherlock’s mouth, he found hard kisses pressed to his lips, almost to the point of bruising.  Sherlock was desperate to taste the mouth which had been tempting him so delightfully.  John found himself quickly rolled on to his back, Sherlock pressing him down into the mattress, covering as much of his body as he could.  Sherlock’s hands trailed down John’s sides, dragging the t-shirt back up as he went.  He pulled it up John’s arms then left it there, tangling John still within it, keeping him trapped.  Sherlock kissed John’s chin and neck, which was all that was free from the t-shirt.  He edged it up further, kissing each new feature of John’s face as it appeared.  He spent extra time on his lips then kissed his nose before he stopped again, not allowing John to free his eyes or his arms.
John smiled at the look of hopeful doubt on Sherlock’s face.  He moved his arm up out of Sherlock’s way and Sherlock smiled happily and swung his legs up on to the sofa and carefully laid his head down into John’s lap.  Sherlock sighed and settled himself comfortably into position and they continued watching the film.
Sherlock cut the ropes holding John’s arms and legs tight against the chair and carefully rubbed some circulation back into them, trying to avoid the raw skin where John had pulled against his restraints.  He lifted John’s head gently, taking in all the injuries, piecing together exactly what strikes John had received from their placement and silently wishing he had taken longer to bring down John’s tormentor to have got in far more retaliation of his own.
When they had both recovered and Sherlock had re-dressed, John just putting on his pyjamas, they sat together on the bed for a while just enjoying each other’s company.  Sherlock rested his head against John’s shoulder, his arm stroking the short hairs on John’s neck.  John has his arms around Sherlock, rubbing his fingers in gentle circles on Sherlock’s skin; both of them making the most of their closeness whilst they could.
John didn’t exactly like the sound of being thought overwrought; it made him feel like one of the lower formers, over-excited about everything they saw, but he bore it manfully for the cause.
“Your wish is my command.  Shall I relieve you of these?  Delightful as that silk feels, I’m sure what’s underneath will be even better.”
Sherlock led the way out to the car park to see Mycroft approaching them weighed down with several large bags and a couple of boxes.  John nodded Sherlock towards him and, after a briefly raised eyebrow and a deep sigh; Sherlock stepped forward and took the boxes out of Mycroft’s arms.  Mycroft’s own eyebrows rose sharply before he turned to John, extending his now free hand.
“What’s brilliant is that I won’t have to spend the holidays with my brother.  I can’t wait to show you off to my cousins.”
When he looked over at the bed he saw his violin case – that’s good, he’d wondered where that was when he hadn’t seen it in the living room.  It was placed in the middle of the bed right next to a new indent on top of the quilt.  This indent was on the opposite side to where he habitually slept.  He could still see a slightly dust-covered dent in the pillow on his side of the bed which had very carefully not been smoothed out and it now had a matching dent on the other pillow.  Had John been sleeping in his bed?  Maybe wearing his shirt and holding his violin too – in his bed?  Sherlock bent over and when he inhaled he could once again smell John’s cologne.  This just got better and better.
John finally allowed himself to close his eyes but his fingers stretched out across the bed and rested themselves in Sherlock’s own, feeling an almost subconscious tightening before letting them just lay there; a part of each other once more.
Sherlock coated his fingers and cock and worked John open as quickly as he could, giving him the minimum of preparation, but knowing that John could take it now and that he liked it a bit rough anyway.  Sherlock grabbed hold of John’s thighs and lifted him up against the wall so his legs were around Sherlock’s waist.  He positioned himself and then lowered John down so he slowly slid on to Sherlock’s shaft as it filled his passage.
Rehearsals will be Wednesday evenings at 7 pm and Sunday afternoons at 3 pm in the Drama Studio.  Please try and attend every session as we have a lot to get through.  More rehearsals will be added as we get nearer to the performance.
“Um, sorry, Sherlock.  I’ve got to go.  I’d forgotten I’ve got a meeting this morning with the Coach and I really can’t be late.  I’ll see you later at school, okay?”
John smiled his thanks and allowed Sherlock to help him in to it, joining in Sherlock’s laugh as he had to roll up the sleeves so they didn’t cover John’s hands.
He was at it again.  John looked to the dorm across from him and saw the tall, dark haired student pacing up and down, talking to a skull on his desk.  Well, he assumed that’s what he was doing.  Sometimes he would hold the skull up and gesticulate wildly, looking like a half-crazed Hamlet talking to his Yorick.  John always smiled to himself when he saw him heft the skull again and was reminded of that analogy.
“Oh, silly.”  John started giggling again.  He tried to put his hands down the neck of the gown trying to push the sleeves away from him.  “It won’ move.”
John lay on his back with his knees bent up, exposing himself to Sherlock.  He blushed again, but Sherlock was having none of that.  He bent forwards and trailed his tongue up John’s shaft, something with which they were both comfortable, and the familiar sensation calmed John down.  Sherlock coated his fingers and, whilst still licking John to distract him, he gently circled John’s hole with one finger.  Sherlock waited until John had relaxed again, after the initial tensing of muscles at the touch, and he timed it so he swallowed down John’s cock and pushed one finger in at the same time.
Sherlock and John made their way back to the halls and into Sherlock's room.  Sherlock showed John all the experiments he had already set up and explained what he was trying to prove with each one.  John was fascinated and even provided a new hypothesis for Sherlock to test on one of them.  When they’d finished John looked towards the door.
He voluntarily had a shower and changed into his pyjamas; something he had not done recently without constant cajoling from Mrs Hudson.  He climbed into Sherlock’s bed, enjoying the feel of the Egyptian cotton sheets against his skin.  One of the pillows still had a slight indent from Sherlock’s head so John took the other side, not wanting to disturb a last trace of his friend.  He could smell Sherlock all around him which was lovely; it was even better than when he had slept in the coat.  What on earth was he doing?  He was treasuring traces of a dead man, for God’s sake.  He was pathetic; but even knowing that, he couldn’t seem to help himself.
John’s eyes dropped and his cheeks reddened further before he looked up at Sherlock through his eyelashes.
"Oh, go on; be off with you, now.  You know I can clear those myself.  You go and have fun with your friend."
Thank you for writing so quickly.  It lightened what could have been a very dull day as I woke up without you in my bed for the first time in a week.
“Well, yes, um thanks.  I’ve decided that I don’t want to forget about it.  As unbelievable as it all is, I’d rather remain as I am and not have Sherlock do some weird thing to me.”
“Vividly descriptive terminology, John, there was indeed blood involved and yes he is a far distant ancestor.”
When they were finally at the top, John pushed Sherlock in to his room and closed the door; blocking out the world outside and planning to take his time to treasure everything he had.  Now this was what he called a Happy Christmas.
“Done.”  Sherlock passed across his list and Greg could see that he had gone through the whole play scene by scene, adding in every single prop which would be used.
John grinned and slid his hand into Sherlock’s hair as Sherlock smiled up at him and moved his mouth to hover over John’s chest.
Mrs Holmes had been so pleased that Sherlock was getting involved in something, that she had insisted that she be invited, even though she had been told that Sherlock only had a minor role.  She was happy to see John again, too, having been very impressed with what she had seen of him over Christmas.
John had flinched when Sherlock’s name was mentioned.  He never said it out loud himself and certainly didn’t want Mycroft to do so – he didn’t deserve to say his name.  Mycroft took in his reaction but carried on.
“I wanted to come here to wait for you, so I left him finishing his errands and he said he’d meet us back at the car.”
"I don't think you should touch it, Sherlock.  Wait 'til the paramedics get here, they won't be long."
"A Colonel, I knew it, John."  He shared a quick grin with John then turned back to Charles.  "Do you have an address on his membership application?"
He trailed his tongue over Sherlock’s lower lip and sucked it into his mouth, biting down gently on the soft skin and pulling it slightly to watch Sherlock’s reaction.  Sherlock’s eyebrows rose and he smiled as John let go, before trying the same move himself.  John did it again and this time when he had Sherlock’s mouth open, he slipped his tongue inside and touched it against Sherlock’s own.  Sherlock gasped, then licked his tongue round the inside of his lips, tasting where John had touched him.
As it was Christmas time, the organisers had decided to make it a masquerade ball and John hadn’t been at all sure if he wanted to even bother attending.  The note that Greg had enclosed with the invite was making him doubt it even more.  Greg had said ‘Don’t worry about the Plus One, I’ve booked us a couple of partners.’  What did that mean – booked?  He surely hadn’t hired escorts for the evening, had he?  John was sure he wouldn’t dazzle anyone walking in with his stupid limp, let alone be able to spin them around the dance floor.  What had Greg been thinking?
“Hi, it’s John.  I’m going to Harry’s straight from work tonight to help get everything ready for the party tomorrow night.  If you’re going I’ll see you there.  If not, please leave a message after the beep and I’ll ring you back when I get home on Sunday afternoon – unless you’re a journalist, of course, then you can just sod off.  PS, if this is Sherlock from out in the wide, blue yonder – I love you, you daft git, and I miss you every day.”
Which was why he currently found himself standing outside the door to Hudson's Tea Shoppe, wondering what he was doing there and whether he could even be bothered to go in.  He supposed he was here now so he may as well get it over with and then at least he could stop this ridiculous feeling inside him and go back to his experiments.
When they were both on the sofa Sherlock just couldn’t get comfortable, he was fidgeting all over the place.  Usually when he had to endure one of John’s Bond films he splayed himself out across the whole sofa so that he could relax as he shouted insults at the screen; doubting that anybody had those kinds of skills and would have the girl fall into his lap at every turn.  Though saying that, John certainly managed to charm wherever he went.  No, don’t think about that.  John had himself admitted that he wasn’t interested in those women anymore.
Sherlock took the shower head out of its holder and cleaned them both off.  John very quickly finished washing himself before they both jumped out.  They each took one of the large, soft towels that had been left on the warming rail earlier.  They dried off and John collected his suit from where Sherlock had hooked it on the door, and went back into Sherlock’s room to get changed.
I’ve just briefly left your side, whilst you are sleeping for the first night in our new bed, to pen this note to give you in the morning.  I wanted to let you know how happy you have made me.  To have you back in my arms, in our own home has been all I have desired.  Now to have finally achieved that and to have you home for Christmas is all the present I could have wanted.
“Oh, that’s fine, I guess.  How are we supposed to recognise them then if everyone is going to be in masks?”
Nurse Clarke was in when they got there and they helped Matthew on to the examination table.  She proceeded to unwrap the bandage to check the wound over for herself.  Matthew was a bit worried because he didn't want to have to drop out of the play.
“That is rather limiting me, John.  Experimentation can be used in so many different ways, are you sure you wouldn’t like to experience some of them?”
I’m really glad you’ve decided to give it a try staying off the drugs.  It needs to be something you want to do for yourself, not really just to keep out of that place or for me, but if that provides you with any inspiration then I’m happy to be used in that way.  I’m sure it would help with your Consulting too; they’re far more likely to listen to a sober, concerned young citizen than just some kid out of his head on drugs.
I’ve sent you a photo of me in return, well two actually, as you will have seen.  The first was taken back home, the week before I left (I’m the blond one in the middle with the moustache) and the other was taken last month when we had the weekend off duty and went to a watering hole which had been cleared and declared safe to use.  Do your worst and deduce what you can from those, I don’t think it will put me off so I think you’re safe.
“I have done it a few times when I’ve been injured.  I have also done it during sexual intercourse.  As I believe I mentioned it can heighten the pleasure both for the other person and for myself.  The taste of human blood from the source, as it were, is simply delicious; some incredibly more so than others."
“It’s just the luck of the draw.”  Sherlock winked at him and smugly watched as John took off his shirt.
“It was obviously the stable cat, which has free roam of the grounds, John.  It pounced upon the frog and gave it a heart attack before pawing over the body, leaving these slight claw marks on its belly as you can clearly see here.”
Sherlock angled them slightly around so that they went through the middle, avoiding the other dancers and timing it so they finished their dance very close to the exit.  He led John out of the door and round to the side, passing the next two buildings and coming to rest in a little alcove out of sight of any windows or random passing people.
"Yes, why did you bring that?  There is a less than 2% chance of rain today; it seems quite unnecessary."
It took him about two hours to get down to the lake, the scooter not being the fastest thing he’d ever ridden, but at least he didn’t have to wait long once he got there.  The sky had been getting darker the further south he had travelled but, even withstanding the increasingly bad weather, he saw a small, four-seater plane looping round toward him and gesticulated towards a nearby dock.  The pilot waved back and came in for a landing and managed to taxi through the rising waves to where Sherlock was waiting.  They exchanged a pre-arranged passcode and Sherlock climbed on board, settling himself in for the next stage of his journey.
Sherlock was in his blue dressing gown and he made swift work of sliding it down his arms and off his body as he sat straddling John.  It said a lot for John’s state of mind that he hadn’t even noticed that Sherlock was naked beneath it.  Sherlock loosened John’s own robe and kissed his way up John’s sternum and neck, taking a long taste when he reached John’s lips.  Whilst John was distracted, Sherlock positioned himself over John’s pelvis and slid himself down John’s shaft until he was fully seated.  He had prepared himself before John had come home so he was able to manage it in one long slide and he revelled in the deep groan that John released between their joined lips as he felt Sherlock’s hot passage surrounding him.
“No.”  John shook his head as emphatically as he could under the circumstances.  “Uh-uh, not tickliss, not at all, not me, nope.”
John’s lip twitched up again.  “Well, thanks.  I’ll keep that in mind now that I know non-drooling is the allowable margin for your criteria.”
Sherlock smiled and started exactly where he was.  He wasn’t joking when he said he wanted to taste John everywhere so he picked up the hand John had been waving in the air and sucked the thumb into his mouth.  He swirled his tongue around the strong digit, sliding up and down the length.  John groaned as he vividly imagined Sherlock swirling his tongue around another appendage in just that manner.
John looked round and felt himself automatically straightening his posture at the military greeting.
"I'm sorry, John.  I took it too far.  I was trying not to disturb you as you were asleep, then my own enthusiasm got away from me and I couldn't stop myself."
This was also all in darkness but across by the entrance near the main doors they could see a van parked so it seemed they were correct to assume someone was in residence.  They looked around for a way to get into the basement as that was where John thought he had seen a light and John’s team mate pointed over to a door in the far wall.  John nodded and they headed across.  They had a tense moment as they sensed movement as they approached the door, but luckily it was only the other members of their team so they all joined up again to head down the stairs.
I am also unable to think of anything I would change about our time together except to extend it.  I look forward to receiving a letter from you soon and if you are able to instigate any time on the base communication network for phone calls, as you suggested, they would be most appreciated.
“That’s good to know.  At least I don’t have to worry about someone sticking a cross in my face or breathing garlic over me.”
"Sherlock, stop staring at the poor man, he's confused enough already without you making him paranoid."
“That was very clever work, boys.  You kept your heads, monitored the situation - though perhaps a little warning that there was a situation in the first place might have been nice - and, upon discovery of the live bullets, Sherlock, you dealt with it quickly and efficiently.  You’d all make pretty good detectives, you know.”
“Both, silly.”  John giggled at him again.  He had definitely had something; Sherlock had never seen him being drunk like this before.
He leant his head forward and felt John pressing up against him.  He was imagining that his head was hovering over John’s groin – did he dare push it further – should he go the whole hog and imagine how it would be to taste John’s cock in his mouth?  He usually preferred to respect John’s boundaries – whether it was in real life or in his dreams – as he could never picture John accepting this from he and he liked to always see John as he really was.  Would it hurt this one time, though?  He had been without John for ages and had really enjoyed finally getting to spend an evening with him again.  He decided to risk it, just this once – John would never know what he was dreaming so what would be the harm?
“Well thank you for telling me everything.  I’m still a bit gobsmacked by the whole thing, if I’m honest; I don’t think I’ve taken it all in fully.”
“Sh..”, he coughed and cleared his throat, unused to talking after so long and throat dry from the medications.  He tried again and managed to get a whisper out this time, “Sherlock?”
He hadn't really paid much attention to the girls in his classes except for recognising their faces from seeing John smile at them.  They weren't really his area of interest - in fact, no-one was his area of interest except John - so he watched them now.  Kerry and Rachel, it seemed, were best friends and were looking at each other and raising eyebrows and smirking every time Jasmine was made to re-do her lines.  Hmm, it seemed they were not keen on Jasmine either, so it wasn't just people from her own year.  Hannah was sitting near enough to them to be a classroom friend, but was obviously not in their inner coterie.  He could sense an edge of envy in her eyes as she watched the play, but she wasn't focused on Jasmine as much as she was on Freddie.  Interesting.  It looked like Hannah wanted Freddie so the envy must be for Jasmine having him instead of herself.  Sherlock was fascinated and wondered what exactly Jasmine had done to inspire such dislike from so many of her fellow members.
John closed his eyes and tried to remember what Sherlock's question was.  The question and answer both came to him in a moment of clarity and his eyes shot open as he blurted out the answer.  Sherlock smiled indulgently at him and nodded.  Then he leaned in and sucked a big love bite right on the skin he had been tempting.  John groaned in delight, both at getting the question right and also at feeling Sherlock's lips instead of just his warm, teasing breath.
“I’d love to be there with you.  I can’t say I’m looking forward to spending time with Harry either; she’ll be too busy drinking and partying with all her friends.  I suppose the only good thing is she won’t be able to do that whilst we’re in Scotland, but as soon as we come back she will, especially with Mum going out that night.”
“It’ll be fine, Sherlock.  You wouldn’t do anything to jeopardise John, you will have done enough.  I’m arranging for the ambulance to take you directly to the Sussex estate where you will be completely alone and have the time and space to ease John into his new circumstances.  There will, of course, be a full supply of blood on hand by the time you arrive.”
They spent a relaxed hour and a half rehearsing before John, reluctantly, slid himself out from under Sherlock, and left him to get some sleep, while he went back to his own room to do the same.  He didn’t know when he’d been happier than he was now with Sherlock in his life.
They had also been increasing the amount of time they spent in each other’s arms.  John wouldn’t let them go any further than hugging and kissing the first week following that visit to the beach but they had been getting increasingly handsy over the last couple of days and John, himself, had only just pulled back before making rather an embarrassing mess of his pyjamas when he had felt Sherlock sliding his hand over the growing bulge ensconced therein.
They made a start on the dove tail joints, measuring them out carefully and lining everything up to make sure it would fit, before measuring them again just to be sure; John having taken to heart Mr Johnson’s edict to always measure twice and cut once.  John did the first one as it wasn't something Sherlock had done before, but after watching the second one, he was eager to try for himself.  He was very careful to only cut as far as the line so there was no overlap and he was soon managing as well as John, himself.  John moved to another machine to start on another side to speed things along a bit.
“I know you haven’t done it before, brother, but you know how it works.  You would have done everything you could.  You’ve given him the best chance.”
Sherlock took in the head again and this time he covered his teeth with his lips and managed to circle it comfortably so he slid up and down a bit, seeing how much he could take in.  He’d obviously done it right this time if the noises babbling out of John’s mouth were any sign.  He pulled up to the top again and swirled his tongue into the slit as he sucked harder on the head and that was all it took to send John over the edge.
I’m glad you’ve moved in to our flat already, it will be nice to know that we have a place to be together and I can think of you there and imagine myself right beside you.  I don’t have a lot of things put by.  Most of the furniture went to my sister; there wasn’t much I wanted at the time so all I have really are some books and clothes and a few personal items so I can get those from her next time I’m home.  I wouldn’t really want to force any more contact upon you than necessary.
He wasn’t really aware of anything around him until Mrs Hudson yoo-hoo’d her way into the living room in the late afternoon.  She came bearing a tray with a pot of tea and some of his favourite home-made scones, obviously trying to entice John to eat something.  As she walked to the coffee table in front of him, he snatched up the letter and the translation, not wanting her to put things down on his precious letter; or to even see it at this stage – it was his.  It was his last link to Sherlock; something he had written himself and meant only for John as it was in the secret code that only the two of them shared.
John smiled.  "I certainly did enough of them on that integrated bird house and table, didn't I, sir."
“Well, we have another fifteen days to make the most of it, so let’s enjoy it whilst we can.”  Sherlock wriggled his hips again.
"There were extenuating circumstances.  I didn't want to raise his hopes until I knew one way or the other if you were coming back."
John was an open book to him, obviously, and he vaguely knew Ethan from being in the same biology class; he was an average student and an average person and basically the word that came to mind  was bland.  He supposed John would say nice but to Sherlock people like that just faded into the background.  Ethan was alternating between sitting quietly reading his script and watching the scene being played out, but he didn't seem to have any animosity against the people he was watching so Sherlock moved on.
They settled in to watch some crap telly and it wasn’t too long before the exertions of manoeuvring his sore body up all those stairs took its toll on John and he fell asleep.  Sherlock was sitting quite closely beside John on the sofa and was just contemplating whether he ought to escort his friend to slumber more comfortably in bed when John’s head slipped down to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Yes, good idea.  I’d rather have something that at least looks authentic.  We could work on that together, couldn’t we?”
There was another party on New Year’s Eve, and this time, all the local families in the village were invited.  A marquee had been erected on the terrace, leading out from the ballroom, to encompass all the extra dancers.  One end was cordoned off to give the children somewhere to run round more freely.  A catered buffet had been provided by Mrs Carstairs and her helpers.  The children were taken in to special consideration again, with some less exotic finger foods being prepared, that would be more likely to appeal to their younger palates.  Mummy also hired several babysitters who set up games for the children to play and kept them amused for the evening.  This allowed their parents to enjoy themselves and, more freely, welcome in the New Year.  There was even a room set aside for the smaller ones who fell asleep before the party ended, with lots of squashy bean bags for them to use.
“Do you imagine for one minute that I would allow something with which I am not comfortable?  You know me, John; you know that I know my own mind.  Now, stop messing about and get ready for bed and get in here.”
"Well, I think Sherlock and I could manage it between us if we had permission to use your machinery please, sir."
The boys grinned at him.  They had ordered an old radio dial from an internet parts supply store which should be arriving this weekend.  They weren’t bothered that it didn’t work they just wanted it to make their radio look good.  They had drilled two holes in it already for a little orange light bulb that Mr Johnson had had lying around.  They had rigged it up with an on/off switch to make it light up, so Sherlock would be able to see when the light came on from where he would be standing in the wings, and know to start his broadcast announcement.
"It seems I have resolved your need for a therapist also, as it appears your psychosomatic leg problem is cured."
“That’s using my senses,” the boy smiled back.  “I saw a few more specks of mud along the path back towards our accommodation buildings which veered off in your direction instead of my own.  When I reached my room I could see you standing in the dark looking towards my room.  My suspicions were confirmed when I heard some strumming coming from your room which was attempting, and finally succeeding, to match something I, myself, had been playing earlier.”
"Every kind.  I've already set several up in my room and my brother has arranged for me to have access to the Science Lab equipment as long as I promised not to use it for any explosive experiments."
The next morning found them on their way back to London.  Sherlock was practically vibrating in his seat as he’d had a text saying their help was needed on a locked room murder so they were going directly to the crime scene and the ubiquitous black car driver, who had turned up that morning just as they were preparing to leave, was going to take their belongings back to their flat for them.
“That sounds like a great idea.  Go and have a word with Dad and I’m sure he’ll be happy to set it up how you want.  You can show me your findings when I get home.”
John threw his head back, laughing, as he took in Sherlock's straightforward delivery and acceptance.
Sherlock knew John was really mad because he only got seriously sweary when he was either exceedingly angry or during the heights of passion and this certainly wasn't the latter.  Immediate apology was his only recourse to try and salvage the situation.
John oiled his hands and started working on Sherlock’s shoulders.  He could feel all the tension there from him being worked up for so long.  He massaged them with long, strong strokes, digging deeply into the muscles and relaxing them right down until Sherlock was sighing with relief.  John worked his way across his shoulders and started down his spine releasing the tension in each vertebra as he went lower.
John laughed at the look on Greg's face and took him his drink and got him to take an iron tablet then he went into the kitchen to put the kettle on.  When he came back in with a tray carrying an additional full pot as well as three already poured cups, he put it down on the coffee table in front of Greg and noticed the brandy was already finished.  Greg was watching Sherlock who was sitting facing him with his hands in their usual thinking position under his chin.
John pulled Sherlock up and started towing him out of the changing rooms.  He turned out the lights and locked the door and stopped off at the office to hang the key up on his way past.  They headed back towards their halls, holding hands for as long as they were out of sight of the main buildings.
“Shall we go to bed, John?  I’m feeling a little tired myself.  It must have been the stupor of enduring that film.”
John comes over to stay with Sherlock for Christmas and they get to do all sorts of fun things, both in the bedroom and out of it.  John gets very protective of Sherlock and stands up for him at the party, much to the delight of everyone.
“I want to get them all set up on a table so that we can just carry it through to whichever room we’re using for rehearsals and then everything will be to hand.  I’ve seen tables like that before and they tape little squares for each prop and put on a label so you know exactly where it should go and you place them on the table in the order they are needed so it is easy to reach for the exact thing you need.”
Sherlock’s other favourite position was when John sat at one end of the sofa and he would lie across the rest of it with his head in John’s lap.  John would always run his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls and he found it so relaxing that he would often drop off to sleep.  John needn’t think that Sherlock hadn’t noticed that he often enticed him to adopt that position whenever he thought Sherlock had been without sleep for too long either.  He’d noticed; he just liked it so much that he willingly chose to do it and he certainly wasn’t acceding to manipulation in any way, whatsoever; so John could keep those little smirks to himself.  He’d noticed that, too, but chose to ignore it.
John had often struggled to think of new hiding places to check when Mycroft had previously given warnings of danger nights in Baker Street so he knew Sherlock was very inventive.  He walked around the corners of the room, checking if he could feel the bounce of any possibly loose floorboards.  There was a general creakiness to the floor but nothing which could be pried apart.  The light fittings had been inverted and hung at a crooked angle.  He looked at the vent which had also been left open and appeared empty.  Was it though?  John remembered a case they had had when the space behind a vent had been used but the item hadn’t just been shoved into the gap it has been taped against the back of the wall as high as could be reached so that it would be missed at a casual glance.  It was worth a shot certainly.
There was no way Sherlock was winning the challenge or getting out of this unscathed.  John was determined to drive him out of that massive brain of his, until he was just a ball of reactions and sensations.
“That will please John that he was able to assist with her recovery.  It always made him very grumpy whenever he spoke to her in that state and could do nothing to help her.”
John thought about how much his throat was burning and how thirsty he felt.  He thought of having Sherlock's fangs sinking into his neck, drinking his blood and he felt a tingling in his mouth.  He spread his lips and when he pressed his fingers over his teeth he could actually feel them getting bigger.  They settled into place and he raised the bag to his mouth.  He could smell the blood within the plastic casing and was suddenly overtaken by an unshakable need to have that blood.  He sank his fangs into the bag and sucked it dry within seconds.  He looked round urgently for more and Sherlock passed him another bag.  He drank it straight down, then another, then one more.  He held his hand out for another but Sherlock shook his head.  John growled low in his throat and pounced on Sherlock, pressing him backwards on to the bed.
John worked Sherlock open slowly, enjoying the noises he was drawing from him.  When he couldn't take it any longer he moved to get a condom but Sherlock stilled his hand.
By the time lessons had finished for the day, Sherlock was in a high state of agitation.  He still had to wait through the whole of John's practise session and then for everyone to clear out of the changing rooms before he would be able to touch John.  It had been torturous today, seeing him in lessons and sitting by him at lunch but not being able to feel his skin.  He was hoping this feeling was just because it was all so new and things would settle down a bit when he got used to spending more time with John.
"Well, although I may prefer you clean shaven, I feel that Major Metcalf can only add to his distinction with the addition of a proper one."
“We should probably start by asking Julian why he thought substituting real bullets for the blanks in the gun was a good idea?”
Sherlock ran in through the front door and headed across the hall ready to charge up the stairs to his room.  He was called to a halt in the foyer though as his mother appeared.
Sherlock could tone down most of his many alluring qualities.  They were all designed to make him irresistible, to entice his prey and allow him to drink his fill without problem or resistance and he could heighten or lower them depending on whether he wanted to be noticed or blend into the background.  The only thing he couldn’t change was the way the moonlight shone on his skin.  What was normally sallow in sunlight took on an almost ethereal quality under the moon, making him look stunningly beautiful and tempting even John to take notice.
Who on earth do you imagine I would go with?  I told you that you were my first friend and certainly my first boyfriend.  If you think I would ever be with anyone else then you are not as intelligent as I thought you were.  I must confess I find the idea of your possessiveness with regards to myself quite enticing, though, and have a strong reciprocal feeling.  This is all very new to me.
They both scanned the surrounding countryside.  Sherlock saw a fairly flat field over to their right with an abandoned hut in one corner which had a couple of walls still standing and he pointed it out.
“Darlings, don’t you both look wonderful?  That’s a lovely colour on you Sherlock, we ought to get you some more of those; and John, don’t you look handsome in that blue, it looks so good against your blond hair.”
John kicked and rolled and just ducked in time to avoid a shotgun blast which blew a hole in the wall barely above his head.  Sherlock waited ‘til the shot had been fired then pulled a similar roll in the other direction though it didn’t have quite the same military precision as John’s effort.  The second cartridge tore into the material of Sherlock’s coat as it flipped up behind him but luckily just missed its intended target.
"Of course you're not, John.  You have already proved yourself above the usual level of school boy incompetence."
He shouldn't have listened to Gavin when he set him up for this 'date'.  He didn't go on dates and if he did he wouldn't need to have one set up by Graham.  He only put up with the guy because he was the one vaguely intelligent person in his criminology lectures and that wasn't saying much.  Geoff often asked Sherlock to join him at one of the regular Friday night campus parties.  It was on the one occasion that he had caved to the constant requests when he had apparently been spotted by this so-called-friend who had since asked to meet him.  Sherlock had left too early to meet this person on that occasion as he had more or less walked in to the party, seen what sort of idiots were there, insulted several of them, then turned round and walked out again.
“Bugger that, Mycroft!  His safety is clearly more at risk than my own in these circumstances and you know I can handle myself.”
John smiled and Sherlock instantly wanted to try it for himself and get more of that taste.  He kissed from the corner of John’s lips into the centre.  When John opened his lips, he slid his tongue inside and proceeded to map the contours of John’s mouth, tasting every part he could reach; storing the information in his mind palace for future perusal and categorisation.
What the hell was he supposed to do now?  He had let Sherlock give him a blow job – well, ‘let’ was a relative term, he tried to console himself – but it had still happened and, what was more, he had liked it.
A vampire.  A bloody vampire!  Did they even exist?  Well he’d just seen it for himself so he supposed he’d have to accept that at least.  But a killer? How could Sherlock be a killer? – Maybe Donovan knew what she was talking about when she’d first met him and tried to talk him out of being Sherlock’s friend.  No, that couldn’t be right; Sherlock had said he didn’t kill people and John believed him, he didn’t know why after what he’d just discovered but he did.  So maybe the stories weren’t true – stories – vampires were storybook creatures, not real.  It couldn’t be real; but it was real.  Everything just whirled round and round in John’s head.
John laughed as he bent forward, kissed Sherlock’s head then pushed him upright, dragging him along as he dashed up to their bedroom.  As soon as he got there he pushed Sherlock against the door and starting undoing buttons as he covered his face in soft kisses.  Sherlock wasn’t far behind and was soon pulling John’s jumper, trying to get it over his head without stopping the kissing.
“I would say that the victim knew his killer, probably members of the same gaming club.  The chips on the table tell us that the victim was a regular at the Four Aces Casino as he didn’t bother to cash them in at the end of his evening, but they aren’t of a high enough value to indicate a large winning streak.  I would say he was down on his luck and trying to avoid his debtors, which is why he was holed up in here in the first place.  He obviously hadn’t intended to leave for a while as evidenced by the stockpiling of food and drink on the table.  He kept the curtains closed because he knew his killer was a marksman and he was keeping out of sight but he left his skylight, thinking it too high to be of any risk.”
“Well then, I consider us very lucky to be the recipients of your attentions for the evening.  Don’t you agree, John?”
As he straightened the Spencer Hart on his lean frame he felt like he was stepping back into himself.  He smiled to see the once-more recognisable form of Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective staring back.  That was better; now to John.
Sherlock’s lip twitched and then he was straight out of the door as the cab pulled up at the casino.  John was left to pay as usual before he followed him out.
To take the first photograph - That was indeed at our favourite café near Barts – I’m stunned that you could recognise it from that.  I did date that girl, Sarah, for two months but we mutually decided we were better as friends so we ended it.  I thought she was as happy with that decision as I was, but now you’ve made me question it.  She wrote to me when I was doing basic training to say that she had started dating another junior doctor at the hospital so I think we can definitely call time on that one.
Wednesday eventually rolled round, though John would swear the start of the week had seemed to have been twice as long as usual.  He was really keen to get his hands on the script and see what he would have to do.  He and Sherlock made their way to the Drama Studio nice and early and were waiting outside when Greg arrived.
They cheered again and Sally turned on the music in the background for now and everyone made their way over to the table which was set up for food and drink.  Anderson was there passing out plates and they all helped themselves to some sandwiches and crisps.  Mrs Price had a real soft spot for Greg, who was always nice to her and complimented her on her food, so she had also done them some vol-au-vents, sausage rolls, mini quiches and pizza slices.  Everyone tucked in happily, even Sherlock took some of the savoury snacks after he was glared at by John.  Sally was pouring out brightly coloured plastic beakers filled with Coke which she left on the end of the table for them to take as they reached the end of the food line.
They heard Mrs Hudson send Greg up followed by the sound of footsteps, slower than his usual dash but still determined so whatever decision he had made he was fairly sure of it.
Sherlock was loving the freedom of sex whenever he wanted, with the added bonus of biting and fresh blood without any of the pesky nuisance of having to glamour the person beforehand.  John was loving the sex any way it came and if there was a bite involved then so much the better.  He'd started drinking extra fluids and taking iron supplements to help keep his blood levels up and Sherlock preferred to take little and often as opposed to gulping down a lot at once so they managed quite well.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, but John just smiled and sat down next to him.  They wriggled about until John was wedged into the corner with Sherlock lying across him, his head resting on John's chest.  John put his arm round Sherlock, his hand stroking through Sherlock's hair, which he knew the other boy loved.  They started the film and Sherlock laughed when the boy asked 'Is this a kissing book?" and sounded just as disgusted as Sherlock had himself.  They watched the whole film through, Sherlock laughing at all the appropriate parts, John was happy to note.  He hadn't been sure if Sherlock would like it or not, but it seemed he did.  When they had finished, Sherlock turned himself so that he was facing John, arms resting across his chest.
“Well, he usually answers his texts almost before I’ve finished sending them so it certainly isn’t like him.  Did he say anything about where he was when he asked for this information?”
Sherlock, who had perked up considerably on hearing the first part of Greg’s sentence, pulled a face at the second part.  John nudged him jovially.
“Just because I choose to allow you the privilege of making the drinks, doesn’t mean that I am completely incapable should the need arise.”
Billy’s favourite haunt was on the South Bank down towards Waterloo Station.  He always said they were a more relaxed, avant-garde clientèle over there than the business people and politicians on the other side of the river.  John took a cab to the station and, after wandering around the vicinity for a bit, he spotted Billy under one of the arches and went over.
Sherlock slid out of bed and went round to help John.  John stood still for a moment when he was up, getting his balance and gathering his breath back.  He found walking a bit easier today, though he was still stiff and his bruised body ached.  Sherlock still accompanied him across the room and that warm hand was there against his back again.
The kitchen showed the most difference as he could actually see counter space and the table was clear and scrubbed clinically clean.  John had obviously taken the opportunity to sterilise everything and doubtlessly removed any body parts from the freezer and probably the mould experiment Sherlock had been running under the sink too.  He had a quick look – yes, spotless in there, too.  Disappointing, but he could surely start another one as long as he didn’t find himself homeless again after this afternoon’s reunion.
“I suppose I could be persuaded to accommodate your smaller stature on this occasion.  Ow.” He laughed as he rubbed the shoulder that John had just punched.  “Come here, you.”
What on earth could it be?  He had tried every word that he had ever used but nothing was working.  He tried using random words, things related to their cases or hobbies, even names of people they knew but not one made any sense, until in desperation he tried his own middle name and there it was.
"Well, young man, it sounds like you have a war wound to be proud of, in that case.  Now take it easy as much as you can for the next couple of days to give it time to heal, without opening the wound again.  Come back and see me when the dressings need changing, so I can make sure it doesn't get infected or anything.  Now, are you boys ok to help him up to his room; he can rest his leg for the rest of the night and I'll bring his tea to him in his room, just this once?"
Mrs Hudson hid a smile, “Well, thank you, Sherlock, that’s most generous of you.  I’ve got one batch that should be ready to come out any time now and these ones on the side should be cool enough already, if you want to make a start on decorating them.”
“Well, good.  I’m glad they got there in time, at least.  I did speak very seriously to the Post Mistress about the importance of the package and how careful they ought to be with the contents.”
Sherlock could see that John needed some time to absorb what he had just learned so he stepped aside and allowed John to sidle past him.
“I did.  The way you turned my composition into something so uplifting was inspired.  You have a real talent.”
Sherlock was off the bed quicker than John could blink and the next thing John knew he felt long fingers squeezing his arse and a chin stretching over his shoulder, reaching for his lips.  They kissed deeply, Sherlock’s fingers kneading the skin before moving forward around John’s hips to circle his groin and slide down his shaft.  Sherlock leaned further forward over John’s shoulder so he could look at what he was touching.  John’s head fell back against Sherlock’s neck as he let out a heavy sigh of delight at the feel of Sherlock’s caress.  He turned his head to kiss Sherlock’s ear which was about all he could reach from that angle.  John wanted those lips again, so loath as he was to stop what Sherlock was doing, he twisted his body round and wound his arms up around Sherlock’s neck as he pulled him down for more of the deep, drugging kisses of which he was already becoming so fond.
Sherlock put one arm around John’s back and held the other up ready for John to take.  John held on tight, stumbling a little as Sherlock edged him back on to his bad leg but Sherlock didn’t allow him to fall and swiftly moved them back on to John’s stronger leg again.  He provided stability every time they moved, placing his leg close to John’s own and holding firmly above John’s waist to provide him support and pretty soon John stopped over-thinking things and just let himself follow the music.
John’s lip popped free of his teeth and he opened his mouth, letting out a soft moan as Sherlock trailed his tongue up from John’s wrist to his elbow and sucked another little bite to the inside.  Sherlock covered the whole of John’s arm in licks, bites and kisses until he had tasted each and every bit of skin, including the shoulder.
The following few questions were also fairly straightforward and, when he answered correctly, John received a kiss on each eyelid, his nose, the other cheek and each corner of his mouth.  The next one was a little harder and required a two sentence answer.  This earned John a kiss on the mouth and a sucking of his lower lip as Sherlock moved back.  This was getting better.
I’m going to leave this under the tree for you and come back to our bed now and hold you tight all night.
By the time they got to the day of their picnic they had had several nights together in that big bed. Regardless of how far apart they started their evening, they always awoke snuggled together; usually John around Sherlock, but sometimes the other way round, and they had both been enjoying the closeness it had provided.
"I've got rugby practise after lessons; maybe we could meet up properly after that.  You could even come and watch if you wanted to?"
John’s fingers twitched as though he would reach towards his flatmate if he could.  Sherlock correctly interpreted the movement and put the cup of tea on the table beside John, and leant forward to envelop him in a deep hug.  John’s nose rested in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and he inhaled the essence of everything that was Sherlock and he finally started to relax.  Everything was right with the world.  He had Sherlock and he was home.
John closed and locked the door and when he turned round he found himself encased in the circle of Sherlock’s arms and pinned to the door.  Sherlock leaned forward and captured John’s lips, enjoying the chance to take his time for a change.  He kissed down John’s neck, knowing that spot just behind John’s ear that made his knees go weak.  John moaned as he felt that touch and Sherlock quickly put his hand up to cover John’s mouth to keep him quiet.  John sucked the fingers into his mouth and laved them with his tongue, making Sherlock’s eyes roll back as he felt the hot warmth of John’s mouth.  He moved his lips back up to John’s, wanting to taste that warmth for himself.
He was having the most marvellous dream.  It was a warm summer day and he and Sherlock were lying in the grass in Regent’s Park deducing all the people as they strolled past.  Sherlock had his head resting on John’s chest and John was stroking his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls.  He buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair as he just enjoyed listening to those dulcet tones, whatever they happened to be saying.
Sherlock couldn't let that smug look go unanswered.  He took hold of John's arms and threw him up on to the bed where he bounced once before landing right in the middle with a very amorous vampire suddenly on top of him, pressing him back into the mattress.  Sherlock kissed down John's neck and clavicle and left vivid love bites all along the skin as he went.  He moved down to John's nipple and sucked that into his mouth, nibbling on it then blowing over it as it stood to attention.  John shivered as much as Sherlock had done and Sherlock caught his eye and raised his eyebrow in challenge.
“I’m sorry I had to do that, John.  There really was no other way out of the situation in which I found myself.”
Sherlock froze for a moment, wondering if John was about to push his head away but he gave a deep, happy sigh as John surprised him by ruffling his fingers through the dark curls instead.  Sherlock pushed up against the hand, instantly wanting John to do that forever, and John took the hint and stroked through Sherlock’s hair as he continued reading, his fingers massaging gently over Sherlock’s scalp.
"I bought it on my way to meet you, after I left my brother yesterday.  I got some condoms as well, so we're all prepared."
John had been thinking of Sherlock more and more recently, though he had been trying to force himself to focus on Mary and not his friend.  Was he even still his friend?  John didn’t know any more after the way he had treated him.  He was a horrible person.  He hadn’t even really seen Sherlock around school.  The nearest he’d got had been seeing the back of his head going in to a classroom when he had been heading into his own room and when he had left at the end of the lesson there had been no sign of him again.
John cut in before he could get any further.  “He’s alive, Mycroft.  I know he’s alive.  Now, tell me where the hell he is so I can go and help him before he gets hurt.”
“All the accidents we’ve had haven’t been accidents at all.  It seems that Julian has been trying to get back at Jasmine.  Judging by comments made at the Christmas party, and using information John told me regarding events from last year, plus a meeting I witnessed between Julian and his parents whilst at the Four Seasons Restaurant early on today, I was able to piece together all the necessary information.”
You, also, are very pleasing to the eye and I find myself curious to examine the lines of differing colour across your skin and see how the texture of those well-defined muscle groups across your abdomen would feel under my fingers and possibly even my tongue.  I wish to fill each of my senses with the knowledge of your body.  Thank you for shaving off the moustache, too, I much prefer my doctors clean shaven.
As John sat down his chair leg banged against his drink of Coke and knocked it over.  He jumped up and went to the table for some of the serviettes and cleaned up the mess, before taking his plate back from Sherlock who had taken it for him.  Unfortunately, the Coke had all gone, but Jasmine passed him her second cup.
“Well, it doesn’t seem like there’s an awful lot I can do about that and it sounds like the benefits outweigh the consequences anyway.  I’ll use the time we have here to learn what I can do and, meanwhile, we can make the most of our time alone to enjoy other pursuits.”
“I killed a deer once when I was very young.  We usually drink bagged blood but if we get injured at all then we need living blood to heal quickly.  There were some hunters chasing Mycroft and I through a forest in France and I got shot with a crossbow.  Mycroft pulled out the dart and caught a deer for me but I didn’t know how much to take and in my pain I just let my thirst have free rein and drained it.”
John had been refilling Greg’s tea throughout their discussion so he knew he’d soon replenish all the blood he’d lost.  As he was showing him out he gave Greg a strip of iron tablets anyway and told him to drink plenty the next day too just to make sure he would have no after effects.  John watched as Greg walked down the stairs shaking his head in disbelief, before he went back in to see Sherlock now lying back in his usual position on the sofa.
Jasmine was the obvious first thought, as she was the person under it at the time it fell, but whoever cut the wire wouldn't have been able to tell exactly when it would fall.  He or she couldn't have timed it exactly for that moment.  John, himself, had been standing in just that spot when he had entered the scene, and Sherlock shuddered when he thought of John being injured in that way.  He whizzed through the play quickly in his mind, picturing where everyone stood throughout the play.  He had to come to the conclusion that at some point in the action, everyone passed under the chandelier, but it certainly seemed as if Jasmine was in that position the most.
They had received word from one of Sherlock's sources that a shipment was due in that evening and they were rewarded an hour later when a large van pulled into the yard and drove straight in to the warehouse, the doors closing behind it.  Greg gave the signal and they all moved in.  Sherlock, John and Greg rushed over to the side door they had earmarked as their point of entry and stopped with the backs against the wall until everyone was in place.  At the second signal all the doors were breached at the same time and everyone charged in to take the gang inside by surprise, hopefully minimising any injury to the girls.
“It’s on its way.  Just keep working on John if Lestrade arrives and we can say they revived him in the ambulance.  Hold on, Sherlock.”
Sherlock laughed and then he lifted the hip on top and pushed back so that John’s cock slid in between the gap, and then he lowered his hip back down to trap it there.  John groaned at the tight feeling and instinctively pushed his pelvis forward in a rocking movement.  It made his cock rub against the base of Sherlock’s sac on each pass which started Sherlock moaning as well.  John loved the warmth of feeling himself between Sherlock’s thighs.  All of a sudden, Sherlock pulled forward, stretching John’s cock with him for a moment before it sprang back, whilst Sherlock jumped out of bed.  He turned to look at John and had to laugh at the bereft, kicked-puppy look on John’s face.
Sherlock took John's lower lip into his mouth and bit gently, not piercing it but just enjoying having any part of John in his grasp.  He slid his hand down John's chest, lightly pinching a nipple on the way past and circling John's belly button, before carrying on down to stroke John's already fully hard cock.
“No, I’m sorry, Sherlock.  I could have really hurt you – I mean, could I have?  I don’t even really know what I can or can’t do.  I’m dangerous; you should just get out of here.”
“It would seem that I have little choice in the matter.  We need intel as quickly as possible and I think you are perfectly suited to be able to provide insight into Sherlock’s movements prior to his suspected capture and help to secure a possible location.”
I did get a brief respite for Christmas, although I would've almost preferred to have done without that if it meant I could have avoided Mycroft.
Sherlock kissed his way down John’s neck, pausing at his pulse point and then continuing across his collarbone to his shoulder, sucking deep marks on his way.  He came back to the pulse point and again moved away to kiss under John’s jaw, but each time he returned to the point where he could feel the blood pumping just under John’s skin through the carotid artery.
“Yes, John, very real.”  Sherlock leaned his cheek into John’s hand, rubbing against it.  “I’m so sorry.  Please; can we start again?”
John agreed easily as Sherlock's fingers traced over his body, peaking his nipples as he brushed over them.  He lay down and Sherlock moved down his body, resting his head against John's stomach, pressing soft kisses into the skin before blowing gently over the head of John's cock as it sprang to life under his eager gaze.  John rested his hand on Sherlock’s head, ruffling his hair as Sherlock leant forward.
"We're both clean, John, there's no need for that, believe me.  Just you, please, I can't wait much longer."
Greg was past answering but John could tell when Sherlock touched his prostate as Greg cried out and a shudder ran through his body.
“Fine, yes, I know which subject you wish to discuss further.  Did you want to…?  Were you thinking of doing that now?”
“Of course, darling, you show John where to go and you must take him on a tour as well, though you may only have time to do the house today.  You can show him the rest tomorrow.”
“Sherlock, I just wanted to say that I’m sorry.  I was a complete idiot and I reacted really badly to something that wasn’t your fault.”
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and he slowly seemed to be waking up.  Eventually he squinted through the one eye he could half open and saw John hovering over him.
“You’re a beauty, aren’t you, boy?  I can’t wait to take you out.  I’ll be back in a minute.”  John was nudged by an inquisitive nose.  He laughed and added, “Yes I will, I’ll be back.”
He’d had to declare a halt to their evening at that stage.  If he needed to be at work early, and in a fit state to deal with screaming children, then he really shouldn’t have any more to drink or be up any later than he would be already.  Luckily, one of the benefits of spending the evening with Greg, was that they always had transport home laid on by one of Mycroft’s luxurious black cars.  This meant that at least he didn’t have to stand outside the pub pointlessly waving his arm in the air for a taxi and wondering how Sherlock managed to do it so effortlessly every time.  For all John knew, he probably had a private arrangement with a taxi company and had them discretely follow him around everywhere to be at his beck and call at a moment’s notice.  Either that or the man was just magical.  John snorted to himself at the ridiculous turn his brain had taken.  Definitely too many pints!
“You seem chilled as well as being in shock, John; take my coat as we don’t seem to have any of those lovely orange blankets to hand.”
“Well, Lestrade, you have your man for the Ronald Adair murder.  I’m sure if you check the bolts scattered around the room you will find they match the one taken from your victim.  If there’s anything else you need then you know where to find us.  I’m taking John home to recover from this ordeal.”
"Only if you also drank a significant amount of my blood and were near death at the time.  I have never had the inclination to do that to anyone before but I find myself to be not averse to the idea of gaining your immortality if it was ever something you wanted too.  I would never force this upon you, John, and there would need to be intense consideration of the whole subject on your part before any decisions were made unless it was a life or death situation and it meant I would lose you.  In that situation, unless you had let it be known that you sincerely objected to being made a vampire at all then I think I would turn you.  I find myself unable to contemplate my future without you, John, and I think if your life ended then so, too, would mine."
“Thanks for that!  You’re lucky I love you.”  John leant forward and kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose.  “I do, you know.”
“None of those things are a hardship, Sherlock.  I will always accept you for who you are, as you have always accepted me and seen more in me than anyone else ever has.  You saved me just as much as I saved you when we first met and you have not stopped amazing me ever since.  I won’t lie that it wasn’t hard when I thought you were dead but knowing that you did it for me and seeing the suffering that you went through as well means that, of course, I’d forgive you.”
There was a doorway in the centre of the wall in front of him and, through the open door, John could see into Sherlock’s bedroom; to the stately looking four poster bed with matching side tables and lamps.  While the living room was done in gold tones and dark reds, giving it a warm lived in atmosphere; the bedroom was all in deep blue tones with colour coordinated pillows providing a cool, sophisticated appearance.  The wood throughout the suite was a dark teak or mahogany and it was all well-built and solid, obviously antique, most probably family heirlooms.  Only the home entertainment system and the laboratory equipment looked brand new.
“Exactly.  Then I thought about Sherlock and how he is and what he does and somehow it just made sense.  I have to say the fact that I was already sleeping with him was a big help because he had opened up to me a lot more than he does to most people.  Plus the way he described the bite; it just made me really want to try it.”
“Well, I don’t remember a lot from when I was drugged and, luckily, not much at all about the actual torture part, thank goodness.  I do, however, remember something about you tickling me and saying I squealed like a little girl and me saying I would make you squeal like a little piggy in return so I had to give it a try.  How would you rate your performance?”
Greg blushed again, this time out of pride at receiving such acknowledgements from his friends.  It was rare indeed for Sherlock to compliment anyone as he knew only too well.
As evening approached Sherlock started getting anxious.  He didn’t get up to pace as his body was shouting at him to do because he didn’t want to miss the slightest flicker from John.  He was holding tightly on to John’s hand and his other hand was twitching on his knee, his foot bouncing impatiently.  It was nearly time; surely it must be by now; how much longer?
“Hey, Greg.  Yeah, I’m feeling fine, thanks.  Had a great rest in the old family pile.  Even managed to get his lordship here to take it easy for a while, though he’s raring to go again now.”
The way Sherlock groaned his name as he pushed his body forward was too much for John to resist and he quickly took the head of Sherlock’s shaft into his mouth, swallowing as much as he could until his nose reached the pubic hair at the base.  After another groan from Sherlock, John let out a shout of his own as he felt heat surrounding his own cock as Sherlock engulfed him.  The pair of them proceeded to suck each other, alternating between deep thrusts and licking around the head and tonguing the slit.
“Don’t worry, I won’t forget – I won’t be able to with the number of reminders you’ve given me.” John smiled at him.  “Now, why don’t you come and lie with me for a while and we can say a proper goodbye before you have to go back to your room.  We won’t have time in the morning, as I’ve got to leave on the first coach to get the early train.”
Sherlock and John took off after the van which had slowed down at the gates as the man tried to manoeuvre round the extra police cars which had pulled up after the van had driven in.  Sherlock jumped up into the back and extended his hand down to John and easily pulled him up beside him.  The driver turned round and saw them in the back.  He swerved hard to the right, trying to dislodge them.  Sherlock kept his balance but John banged against the side, knocking his head and stunning himself slightly.  Sherlock grabbed his arm to steady him and John shook his head to try to clear it.
"Nice to meet ya.  Any friend of Sherlock's is always welcome here.  Saved me a fortune he did; uncovered a scheme by my supposed friend and manager using his own croupiers to swindle me and then altering the CCTV.  Sherlock had it sussed within half an hour of arriving and could tell me exactly which staff were involved and how they were all doing it.  So what can I do you for?"
When John had arrived home he'd changed straight away for bed but, disappointingly, he had ventured there alone.  Despite Sherlock’s earlier assertions of being bored, he had obviously started doing an experiment in John’s absence and was now ‘far too involved to even consider going to bed, John’.
He had to stop when he got close to the under arm because every time he tried to trail his tongue along the skin, John got too ticklish and his arm reflexively shot back down and he caught Sherlock on the top of the head twice.  After profuse apologies following the second hit, John just asked him to maybe leave that bit alone.  Sherlock held John’s arm aloft and leaned in close and looked at the pattern of skin and took a deep inhale.
They had worked their way through every scene and each of the actors seemed to have got into the rhythm of their own characters.  Most of them knew the majority of their lines now and only had their scripts around for reference, instead of constantly referring to them, which was making it easier to block out the scenes and for everyone to know where they should be standing or looking.  Today was really more in the way of a Christmas party than a proper rehearsal, so Greg called everyone together to talk to them.
Sherlock eventually went back to his own room and they both fell asleep, alone but sweetly sated.  Needless to say, the following morning John aced his biology test.  He smiled as he thought to himself that they would definitely have to use that method of revision again.
John looked at his face; he didn’t want to push him too far.  “No, I’ll believe you.  Go on then let’s see what you’ve got.”
"If you think about your thirst, you should feel your fangs lengthening in readiness.  They're razor sharp, as you should already know, so as soon as you sink them into the bag you'll feel the blood start to flow and you're away."
John moved his fist faster and swiped his thumb over the heads on each upstroke.  That pushed Sherlock over the edge and he cried out John’s name as his body held still for a moment before he was shooting his release all over their stomachs.  John held him through it and the blissful expression on Sherlock’s face urged him on to his own climax with a few more strokes.
John checked that Greg was breathing okay and then reached down to pull up the cover.  He leaned over Greg’s shoulder and held Sherlock to him as they kissed contentedly over their friend for a moment then, pushing Greg onto his back, they snuggled up so that they were both resting partially on top of him with their heads on his shoulders to get some rest while they waited for him to wake up.  John stroked his hand up and down Sherlock’s arm, loving that his partner had shared this with him.
That couldn’t be right, could it?  He must have mistranslated it.  He went back again and looked at what he had written and the code word that he had used and made sure he had transposed the letters correctly.  It was all there.  He hadn’t made a mistake.  He read the letter through once more.
“Me too.  It’s been so hard being without you.”  John pressed a soft kiss on the left corner of Sherlock’s mouth, then the right and then on the tip of his nose.  He smiled down at him.  “We’re in this together from now on.  In everything.  In life and love.”
The flight was rough to say the least with their small plane being buffeted constantly on its journey.  The pilot was, thankfully, very skilled and managed to keep a hold on it even during the worst gusts.  Things got worse the further they went, however, and when the lightning started the pilot shook his head and declared he would have to land as it was much too risky to fly through.  He radioed to the nearest air traffic control tower, but they were too far away to make it that distance.
“I know.  I was terrible.  I’m really sorry.  I think I was over-reacting because of the way my Dad was when he found about Harry.  You know how mad he was.  He kicked her out of the house and hasn’t spoken to her since, though I know Mum has been in contact with her.  I just panicked when I realised what had happened and was pushing so hard against being thought of as gay in case he did the same to me.”
“Well, I don’t know.  I mean I’d love to be with you and see where you live and everything, but do you really think our parents would agree?”
Whatever or whenever Sherlock text him, he would be there.  Even for ridiculous things like passing him his phone from the inside pocket of the jacket he was actually wearing!  He thought even Sherlock had seemed to regret calling him for that one after the roasting John had given him.  He had been at Twickenham just as the rugby final had been nearing the end and it had been a tie as he’d left and he’d missed seeing England win by scoring a try in the very last minute.  I mean who gave up something like that for a person about whom they were supposedly indifferent.
Sherlock relished the contentment floating through him.  He had never known that something so simple could be so relaxing.  This situation would have to be maintained even when John was well again.  This certainly wasn’t something he wanted to give up now that he’d had a taste.  He noted that John’s strokes were slackening and then started up again briefly before slowing down once more.  John was obviously dozing and then trying to force himself back awake.  Much as Sherlock would love to stay in this position, he didn’t want John to fall asleep on the sofa like this and wake up even stiffer than before.
Last year had completely gone to pot for John because he had been shot and still recovering from fever in the hospital in Kandahar so obviously hadn’t made it back in time.  A couple of the lads who had been based at home had popped in to see him when he’d been transferred back to the UK for his recuperation but it wasn’t the same.  He’d been in pain and depressed, thinking of the empty future ahead of him and not very receptive to visitors.  So this year he’d been really looking forward to seeing everyone and bragging about his new life with his Consulting Detective.
“I had no information from this agency but this is a Sandhurst reunion so you obviously both trained for the military.  You, however, no longer maintain a regulation army haircut so clearly trained as military police then transferred out to join the regular force.”
“Of course.  I would expect nothing less.  We’re a team, John, and we have new horizons to explore.  Onwards and upwards.”
“It’ll be another week and a half yet until we come home.  Try not to burn anything down until I’m back, won’t you.”
“Well, if you have finished showing off, Sherlock, we should make proper introductions.  I am Mycroft Holmes and this, as you have heard, is my brother, Sherlock.”
With any luck I should be getting some leave next month as I haven’t had any time off yet.  Would you be up to meeting up at all whilst I’m off? It would be nice to properly put a face to your most treasured name.  As I’ll only be over for a few days, I’ll probably have to stay with my sister but I’m sure that, if previous occasions are any indication, I will be more than happy to escape at every opportunity, so I could see you whenever you happened to be free.
Rather than suck on Sherlock’s eagerly bobbing cock, as he had obviously meant, John climbed up Sherlock’s body and sat on his abdomen.  From there he could reach up and take one of Sherlock’s fingers into his mouth and he sucked it in exactly the same way as he had been doing with his own.   Sherlock moaned and shook his head.  John pulled back and hovered over Sherlock, looking down at him and grinning.
“He has been alternating between looking longingly across at the girl with whom you were dancing and glaring daggers at you.  I’m sorry to tell you that she was smiling smugly at him over your shoulder when you weren’t looking so the feelings are obviously reciprocated.  I would hazard a guess that he has been flirting with that red haired girl over there a little too frequently judging by the way she is looking at him under her eyelashes and your partner was trying to make a point which is obviously why she asked you out instead of him.”
“Yes, I can do both.  I miss riding when I’m not in Scotland, so I’d love the chance to go out with you here.”
“I love it, Sherlock, I really do.  My whole bedroom would probably fit in your dressing room alone, never mind the rest of it.  It’s just gorgeous.  You have everything you could ever need and the views are beautiful.  I’d never want to leave.”
“Maybe this would be a good time to move things into the bedroom and give everyone a bit more room to play.”
I have set up my chemistry equipment in the dining room and it is wonderful to have the space to work without foolish interruptions from my neighbours.  Mrs H wasn’t best pleased about the mess but has proved to be most considerate in supplying me with tea and cakes if she thinks I haven’t eaten for a while, though she insists that she is our landlady not our housekeeper.  I think you will like it here, John; I know I do already.
“I think I’ll just have a wash this morning to give myself a bit more time to heal and have a shower tomorrow when I’m more stable.  Thanks for the offer though.”
“Um… thank you…”  John left it there, not sure that he preferred either option really.  Sherlock grabbed his arm again and pulled him towards the door.
John turned back from stacking the wood.  "Well, Sherlock and I - this is my friend, Sherlock, by the way - are in the drama club performance of The Mousetrap.  We were wondering if you had any offcuts of wood, please, that we could use to make an old fashioned radio for us to use in the play."
“How little you know your worth to me, John.  Do you think I would ever be like this for anyone else?  Let me assure you the answer is no.  I have always taken what I wanted when I wanted it with no problems or distractions.  But with you I didn’t want to just take, I wished for you to desire me for myself.  I let you make the decisions because I wanted you to feel that it was your own choice, which it was.”
"There's always something.  But I can't say that I'm not pleased to be your first."  Sherlock smiled shyly at John.
It didn't take Greg long to appear at 221B, both to take their statements and also to find out what the hell was going on.
“He said they’re both quite tall and would be waiting together to the right of the bar when we go in.”
"I'm afraid that it's true as I'm sure you'll discover very quickly.  In fact, shall we just get this over with and then you can punch me or leave, whichever you prefer."
John reached the end and saw a trolley stacked with trays waiting to be cleared and emptied into the dishwasher.  He judged his timings perfectly and, at just the right moment, he kicked one of the trays in from his side and it shot out the other side, catching Jenkins on the ankle and quickly bringing him down as he tried unsuccessfully to maintain his footing.  Sherlock grabbed his ankles to make sure he couldn't get up again and John pressed his knee into his back to hold him down.  John pulled Jenkins hands together behind his back and whipped off his bandana and used it to tie them together, keeping him in place.
“Not gonna tell you nothin’.”  John started giggling to himself, “Tha’s a double neg’tiv’ – that’s a no-no.  Sh’rl’ck won’ like that.”
“Of course; John it is, then.  Shall we get these things into the car and make a move?  I’m sure you’d like the chance to settle in before the festivities begin.”
John left Greg to think things over and made his way back to Sherlock, feeling a little bit more hopeful than he had done.  He hoped Greg made his decision quickly though, he wanted to know where they stood, one way or the other.
You are the lucky recipient of my undivided attention for the length of time it takes to write this epistle and then I’m sure you will be deleted from my hard drive.  By that I am referring to my mind not a piece of technology before you let forth with your undoubted confusion.
John pulled first Greg and then Sherlock up and, keeping hold of their hands, he led the three of them into Sherlock’s room as he had the bigger bed.  Once there, John took hold of the sides of Greg’s shirt and pulled it off.  Sherlock took immediate advantage and started kissing down Greg’s chest, having noticed, of course, how Greg had responded when John had done so.  Greg groaned and brought his hand up to Sherlock’s head, holding him in place at his nipple.  John smiled at him and decided to drive him mad by going for the other nipple at the same time.
“Great, Sherlock.  Thanks, we should be all set for that then.  What about the scenery?  Did you and Julian get a chance to check it out yet, Olivia?”
“He really isn’t, Greg.  His highness over here is only a distant descendant of bloody Dracula.  I couldn’t believe it.”
“If you’ve finished eating, John, we’ll tour the rest of the house before everyone else gets up.  Then we could do the pool next so that we’re gone well before the others arrive.”
“We have much time to make up.  I propose we go back to the villa immediately and experiment properly.”
“I know it’s just in my head, but that doesn’t make it work any better.  Why don’t you ask Greg instead?”
“It’s important to me that you came back at all and I would be more than happy if you never went away again.”
“It should be right up your street then.”  John wanted to try and get to the reasoning behind Sherlock’s gift.  “Was Mrs Hudson baking for any reason?”
“He was after the last one of the snipers.  He said he’d already shut down two of them.  I don’t know how, he didn’t tell me anything about that.  He just asked me to find an address on this other guy.  He wanted me to watch this casino and then I was supposed to follow the bloke home and find out where he lived.  He was pretty hard to track though; it was almost as if he knew he was being followed.  I lost him twice when I tried so I got some of the others to help me and, third time lucky, we saw him going in to a house. We watched it for a couple of days to make sure it wasn’t just a one-off but he’s definitely living there.  I text Sherlock to give him the information but he hasn’t answered back yet.”
Sherlock was greatly enjoying his new relationship with John.  It wasn't something he had done before; not really having friends, let alone something more, but now he had John and, by extension, John's friends Mike and Molly as they all seemed to hang out together all the time.  Sherlock had no problem with John having other friends as long as he got to spend plenty of time with him himself, but he had to admit he was smugly pleased that his plan to get Mike hooked up with a girlfriend had succeeded.  Mike and Molly had really hit it off which kept the dynamic of their little group happy and their dating certainly freed up a bit of time for John and Sherlock to spend on their own.
“I won’t be able to endure the holidays if I don’t have some way to get in touch with you, at least.”
“Sorry, I’m sorry.  That just felt amazing, I couldn’t help myself.”  John blushed a bright red but Sherlock just laughed.
Sherlock was the first one to pull back.  He hadn’t realised how much more intense everything would feel when he had so many new sensations to absorb at the same time.  John looked up at him and could see he needed a minute to catalogue everything before he continued; so he reached his hand down to Greg and raised his chin.
“I know; Mycroft explained it to me – eventually.  It would have been nicer if he had done so before I spent months grieving over you though.”
He didn’t want Sherlock to think he didn’t appreciate what he was willing to do for him.  Sherlock nodded and turned his face away as he left, but was that a tinge of disappointment John had caught before Sherlock had gone?  John knew their status quo seemed to be changing slightly, but surely not that much.  He wouldn’t push it and wait and see what happened.
Sherlock jumped out of the way of the trolley and managed to sidestep the waiter who lost his balance as he tried to right himself and move out of their path.  Unfortunately, this moved him further into John's way and he had to grab hold of the waiter and swing him round to allow him to get past.  The waiter kept going on that trajectory and spun round again with John shouting 'sorry' at him as he kept on twirling.
Sunday afternoon found the whole cast and crew assembled in the Drama Studio ready for the table read.  Sally and Anderson had arrived early and set the room up with a very professional look; the tables arranged in a large square with water jugs and cups on each side and pens and paper spaced all round for everyone to make notes.  Greg was sat at the head of the table with Sally next to him.
"If you insist on making ridiculous pop culture references you know I will have no idea to what you are referring or to what you could possibly think I have to learn either for that matter."
Sherlock started telling John about some of his exploits: the tales revealing Sherlock’s exasperation at police incompetence and John’s general amusement.  They were rapidly approaching the giggling stage by the time they had refilled their glasses twice and had a race to see who could drink a beer in the shortest time.  John had assumed his many years of practise would have seen him the victor but it seemed Sherlock could open his throat really wide with no gag reflex and he had practically poured it straight down.  John had been suitably impressed about both of those things but he took care not to elaborate his reasons why.
“You didn’t spoil anything.  I just don’t really feel the need to be constantly chasing after women; I’m content with my life as it is so there didn’t seem a reason to complicate things.”
John did, indeed, remember that frog.  It had been his peace offering to Sherlock after that incident when he’d had his first girlfriend.  Now, here it was on Valentine’s Day and Sherlock had sent him a box of cakes and a heart.  What was he to make of that?  Did Sherlock even know what that meant?
"I think 'crime' is taking things a bit far, but we could certainly go over there and have a look round - maybe in a couple of days, when I am able to move again."
Sherlock asked John a nice easy one to start with and when John gave a correct answer, Sherlock leant forward and gave him a peck on the cheek.  John turned his head to try to capture Sherlock's mouth, but he pulled back too quickly and laughed when John frowned.
“Of course.  You know I only go off when I’m following him as protection.  Goodness knows what he’d get up to on his own.  Well, point in case, in fact.”
“You’ve never had a friend?”  Sherlock shook his head.  “Well come here then, friend, it’s long past time we remedied that.”
The Drama Club had decided to perform The Mousetrap by Agatha Christie which John highly approved of, having read the book, and he was keen to try a detective story as that was his favourite genre.  Greg Lestrade, who was in his final year of the sixth form, was going to be the director and his friend Sally Donovan was going to be his assistant and stage manager.  John knew Greg from rugby and knew he’d be a fair director so he eagerly signed himself up for the casting session and then tried to get Sherlock to accompany him.
"I would be delighted, Mr Lestrade."  Sally gave a curtsey and clicked the music on to some waltz music; she and Greg having planned this in advance.
They passed the rest of the day quietly with Sherlock making John tea and bringing him a sandwich at lunch time, all of his own accord without being asked and John was delighted and thanked Sherlock sincerely every time he did something for him.  Sherlock also helped him get up when he needed to relieve himself and he walked John over to the bathroom with his hand resting comfortably on John’s lower back, accepting the smile he received.
Greg lifted his head, his eyes narrowing at the pair of them as he came back to himself.  “Yes I think I’d like an explanation on that too, thank you very much.  What the fuck is going on with you two?”
“Hmm, one of the techs was called Nigel Anthony Smart.  I’ll text Lestrade and ask him to look into him first.”  Sherlock’s fingers were soon whizzing across his phone keypad as he passed on the information.
He put on his coat and shoes and ventured outside for the first time in weeks.  True, he only went as far as the corner shop to buy some milk, bread and biscuits, but it was a good first step and he felt pleased that he had made the effort for Sherlock.  No, not for Sherlock; for himself – Sherlock wasn’t here to care what he did, was he?  When he got back and put the biscuits in the cupboard he realised that he had bought Chocolate Hobnobs.  He blinked slowly.  He liked Chocolate Hobnobs; he liked them just fine.  It didn’t mean anything that he had bought the biscuits that were somebody else’s favourites.  Oh hell, who was he kidding?  Even though Sherlock wasn’t here, the man still consumed John’s thoughts and actions.  Of course he bought Sherlock’s favourites – didn’t he always get what food he thought most likely to tempt him to actually eat something?
It seemed that he had taken Sherlock’s words to heart, even though he didn’t really know why he should have bothered as Sherlock wasn’t here to see him.  Still, the fact that Sherlock had told him to take care of himself seemed to have made him take a little more interest in what was going on and he finally decided that sleeping away his days on the sofa was a practise that shouldn’t really continue on a permanent basis.
John got off the bus when they reached the stop nearest to the Baker Street tube.  He was physically shivering now as the cold wind blew against his wet clothing.  He was finding it hard to get his legs to cooperate and start walking the half mile home; his psychosomatic limp had even decided to make a surprise appearance, too, just to finish him off.  He eventually managed to instigate a sort of shuffling hobble back home which took him twice as long as his regular pace.
Sherlock lavished attention on both of John’s legs in turn; taking extra care to suck every toe as he had each finger.  He spent a long while behind John’s knees which turned out to be very sensitive and he couldn’t resist laying a trail of bites up both of John’s thighs which twitched so beautifully each time.
With that, Sherlock slammed the door and they took off.  The paramedic removed the respiratory equipment from John’s face and wiped off the blood he had coughed up.  When John was sorted he climbed into the front seat leaving Sherlock to sit in the back with John.  Sherlock took hold of John’s hand and kept stroking it, looking at him with worried eyes.  He just hoped he had done enough.
“I’m happy with everything we have Sherlock and certainly wouldn’t do anything to risk that and I don’t feel that we are lacking anything.  But I have to admit that was also amazing and an occasional treat like that would be nothing but a bonus to our love.”  He reached over and touched Sherlock’s cheek, smiling at the look in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock let go as he gasped at the sensation of John’s fingers massaging his scalp and pulling his hair.  John took advantage of the release to slide his lips down Sherlock’s neck.  He started behind his ear and laid a trail of kisses all the way down, alternating between light presses of the lips, slides of the tongue, and gentle nibbling of teeth.  Sherlock was quivering in reaction and as John got to the pulse point and sucked in a deep love bite, Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s hip and he shouted.
Sherlock pulled back up slowly, cleaning the shaft as he went.  When he popped off the top he looked down at John with a satisfied look on his face.  John had collapsed back against the bed; body limp, eyes closed, mouth posed in a sated, dopey grin.  All-in-all, Sherlock decided John looked absolutely gorgeous in his post orgasmic haze and he couldn’t wait to get him in that state again.
The rehearsal carried on with the arrival of the next character, which was Miss Casewell, played by Natalie.  Like the scene with Oliver, this scene wasn't quite so smooth running.  There were, again, hints of jealousy ringing through the performances.  This time it was Jasmine who wasn’t happy when Freddie was in any kind of close contact with Natalie, and Greg was making Freddie open the door to her, which wasn’t going down well.  She argued with him and said that it should be her turn, as Freddie opened the door to the last pair, which was quite ridiculous; acting wasn’t about taking turns it was about putting on the best performance.
Sherlock pulled back the cover and John carefully lay down on his back, permitting himself to be tucked back in.  Sherlock went round the other side and got in, lying on his side facing John.  He put his hand in the middle of the bed and subtly allowed his fingers to slide across until the tips touched against the side of John’s hand.  Neither of them moved their hands and if the tip of Sherlock’s finger stroked down the edge of John’s neither of them was going to mention that either.  They drifted off to sleep with that small but essential piece of contact maintained.
Sherlock could tell that John was hungry, thirsty and worn out from his day and he had measures in place to cover all of those factors but he decided that starting with some pleasant endorphins would go a long way towards improving John’s day.  He had anticipated what state John would be in when he’d realised what clinic John was covering and what the weather was like that day.  John never took taxis when he was on his own, unless in dire circumstances, and Sherlock had, of course, known about the tube closures, too, so the bedraggled state of John’s arrival had been no surprise.
“That’s true; you worked out quite a list, didn’t you?  So we won’t be able to do anything else this term as Sunday was our last get-together with them all.  We’ll have to start afresh with the new term.”
He had managed to avoid Sherlock all day.  He’d stayed in the changing rooms until just before time for lessons that morning.  He’d gone without lunch so that he could skip going to the canteen.  His stomach had been churning too much for him to eat anyway.  Then he had given an excuse to the teacher to leave class five minutes early so that he could get out before Sherlock at the end of the day.  He had run home and told his father to tell Sherlock he was out as they’d had a row and he didn’t want to see him right now.  His father wasn’t best pleased as he always told John that problems should be faced not ignored, but something about the look on John’s face must have persuaded him as he agreed this one time.
The side of Mycroft's lip twisted in amusement.  "I'll be certain to pass your apologies on to Simon.  I'm sure he'll be distraught."
They ended up in Covent Garden, where many stalls were still open for late night Christmas shopping and the street performers were drawing large crowds of tourists, out enjoying the festive atmosphere.  They stopped for a while to watch a man juggling flaming wands until John noticed that Sherlock's eyes were focused on someone in the crowd instead of the performer.
John laughed.  “Well, you’ve got me there.  I don’t know the reasoning behind it either.  If you’re feeling okay then why are you fidgeting?”
“A thing need not be done to be understood.  Observation is everything; you should know that by now.”
John walked over to his chair and picked it up in one hand.  He put it back down and walked back to the sofa and sat down opposite Greg.
John was slowly woken up about two hours later by soft kisses on his stomach.  His hand tightened in Sherlock’s hair and, when Sherlock looked up at him, he beckoned him up higher.  Sherlock crawled up his body and they lay on their sides facing each other.  John leant in for a kiss then rested his forehead on Sherlock’s and looked into his eyes.
"Sorry, I just wanted to see how long it would take you.  I'm desperate for something more, too, but any chance to taste those amazing lips has to be taken."
“It was Mrs Hudson who was doing the baking and she let me help because it was just so boring here.  When are you coming back?”
“How do you think?  He-who-knows-everything told me.  I got pizza because I thought even if you were a bit late we could stick it in the oven just to warm through if necessary.  It should still be okay now though.”
They had operated again as soon as he’d arrived here, but he had been delirious for the last three days and his fever had only broken that morning.  Hence the visit from the doctor and the news that he would never be able to operate again.  They had fixed most of the damage but, even with intensive physiotherapy, there would still be a weakness there which manifested in an occasional tremor.  What had once been the truest and safest hands in his unit, saving countless lives in the field, were now nothing but a liability.  He could not be trusted to perform delicate procedures, leaving him a disappointment to himself and to ‘him’; to Sherlock.
The mysterious boy had not been in any of the other rooms he’d passed so far.  There was only one left at the end so John crept nearer and peeked in.  Success!  There, facing out of the window, was the person he had been looking for.  He was playing the violin and, not only that, but he was playing it brilliantly.  He wasn’t reading the music, he obviously knew it by heart, and he was drawing such beautiful sounds from the instrument that John just stood in the shadow of the door, gaping.
Mrs H did, indeed, seem very nice, you were quite correct.  I went there again this morning as you were also right about that coffee cake; it was delicious.  She mentioned that the tenant in her flat above the shop had just given in his notice that morning.  I’m thinking of accepting her offer to move in so that we have somewhere better than the squashed bed in my current uni digs when we get to spend time together.  She said she would only charge me a reasonably low rent as I had done her that favour of exposing her employee.  She also said it was because she could see how happy I obviously made you and that pleased her as you were always a favourite of hers. Would you like that; if we had a place to call our own?
