“Sherlock, you can’t just barge in here whenever you feel like it,” John murmured half-heartedly. When their eyes met, John’s were resigned, the expression exaggerated by the slump of his shoulders, the indrawn curve of his thoracic spine. “Not anymore, Sherlock. It’s dangerous.”
John looked away and gently urged Molly to recline against the back of the couch with a palm on her belly, until her arse perched on the edge.
"You think you know all there is to know about me, hm," John whispered, voice thick with emotions he couldn't begin to describe, "but you don't know as much as you think you do."
John nodded, sinking down to sit on the edge of the bed. “Yeah. I don’t sleep very well anymore. Couple hours is all I need, really. Sort of a changeover from the army.”
John swallowed and casts his eyes down, wishing that Holmes would speak plainly for once. However, he had the feeling that whatever it may be, he might not be ready for it.
"Mr Holmes, are you- hey, mate! I think you should step away from 'im," Billy ordered in a high-pitched, wobbly demand. "Mr Holmes is this bloke botherin' you?"
It had been too long since he visited this particular room, and yet, his boy was still waiting so patiently for him.
Mycroft's eyes zeroed in, looking for weaknesses, flaws, strengths, all the things a competent Were would look for when sizing up a possible opponent. “John Watson, then,” Mycroft repeated, more to himself, as if he were filing John's name away for future references. “If my brother doesn't survive this, you had better hope that you don't either.”
John nodded, crossing his arms over his chest, in what seemed to be his self-defense mechanism, of late. “Whenever you are, Sherlock,” he stated.
Cupid's bow lips pressed together into a smile so forced, John couldn't help the tiny snort that escaped his lips, causing that straight, narrow nose to lift a tad higher. It was the deep-set eyes, though, that captured John's attention. They were a variegated blue, grey, green—John couldn't tell. His gaze was aflame with incomparable intelligence and glinted coolly in the light from the windows.
John pursed his lips, and turned to evaluate his opponent, looking for possible weaknesses; the right places to aim for if he needed to restrain Victor, and of course, John's chances of sinking his teeth into the man's jugular. John realized he wanted this fight, he ached for it. His skin vibrated with the need to shed his human skin and
Sherlock sighed and decided it would have been better to feign sleep until Mycroft left. He would take that into consideration next time. “If you're quite done being dramatic, Mycroft, I'm tired and I want to sleep," he rasped, throat catching uncomfortably over the words. His tongue felt heavy.
Sherlock stepped out of the car and instructed his driver to leave until he called him. Obediently, the driver pulled away as soon as the door shut behind Sherlock, pulling smoothly back into traffic.
John made to leave as well, but a firm grip caught his arm as he attempted to skirt around the angry, blond man.
"Am I making myself clear enough for you, Jasper?" The man hissed, anger pouring off of him in waves.
John felt his shoulders pull up in defiance, ready to rip this tosser's throat out. "Are you threatening me," he growled between clenched teeth.
John was preparing his tea and Sherlock was leaning back on the counter next to him, a secretive little smile, wholly for John, threatening to spread into a full grin. John took a sip and set the cup on the counter before moving in front of Sherlock.
John obeyed silently and spread his legs, pushing his pelvis forward and curling his toes into the carpet. His hooded eyes were bleary,pupils large and round, eclipsing the blue of his irises with dark discs as he returned the stare. The blush on John’s cheeks hadn’t faded and remnants of lipstick made his lips appear bright and swollen.
Sherlock's shoulder was moving, and John lifted higher to peer down at the man on his knees. The sight of Sherlock furiously pulling at his cock, slick with his own pre-come, was John's unraveling. Sherlock's tongue, and fuck, those eyes, that finger. So much, he couldn't even string words together.
There was not even a whisper of movement, but their introspections were just as loud as spoken words. John was a weak link in the chain, he'd get them all killed; let him go, Sherlock, he's not worth the risk. John was a liability.
"Right, thanks Mis- Mary," John stammered out, face and ears burning what he was sure was an alarming shade of pink. He smiled again and then scurried off to an unobtrusive door at the back of the store, barely noticeable next to a stack of dusty boxes and an unorganized shelf of water stained books.
His blond hair was greasy and disheveled, overgrown and probably smelly. John stared at the sorry sight he made, and the sunken, tired blue eyes reflected back at him with blatant disgust.
John turned his head sharply to glare at Sherlock, and of course, the git was studiously avoiding his gaze. "I don't know, Sherlock. Will I be needing a new wardrobe?"
Gillian blanched at the underlying threat, backing up a step in order to regain his composure, and, of course, the tatters of his dignity. Finally, he bared his teeth in a snarl, shoving past Holmes and away from John. "Yeah fuck you, nancy-boy," he spat, turning his bloodshot glare on John again. "I'll be seein' you soon, blondie."
"Well are you going to come in, or just stand there," a deep, orotund voice rang out from the other side of the room. John's head almost swiveled off his shoulders, it turned so fast. He had completely overlooked the charcoal leather couch occupied by a mile-long man.
John’s lips quirked happily at the news. Leave it up to Sarah to know when he needed some moral support.
“Mycroft,” he greeted without preamble. He listened for a moment before growing still, his pale features bleeding of further color.
There weren't many others around, a few other couples were scattered around the dining room, whispering over glasses of wine and water. The smell of baked bread and rosemary drifted around the room, causing John's stomach to rumble loudly over the music.
Nostalgia caused his eyes to water, and bitterness, his tongue to dry. This had been their Shangri-La.
The man smiled nastily, his lips twisting in a way that seemed unfamiliar to him. “Honestly, Sherlock, I hadn't expected you to show up at an event that didn't directly benefit you.”
” Sherlock recited mindlessly. His semen was rich and warm between their sweaty chests, and John could smell the tangy scent of it, his mouth watering.
Sherlock's words washed over him like dirty water, gritty and tainting. The terrible thing about it all was that Sherlock was right. John
The house was dark, save for the dim kitchen light overhead, and the continual stream of headlights reflecting through the window. Mike groaned, throwing down his biro and rubbing his temples. "I have this godforsaken paperwork to finish up before I begin my internship. I didn't realize how close the deadline was. Funny that, considering how excited I am about starting."
Like an overtaxed dam, an overflow of sentiment the likes of which Sherlock never spoken of before came spewing from between his lips with about as much finesse as an individual suffering from Tourette syndrome. It was
John was an army man, one who relied heavily on morals and doing what he thought was right for himself and everyone around him, judging by the fact that he allowed his sister to drag him to Baker Street. He cared what others thought of him. How touching.
It was the worst thing John would ever sit through, watching Harry suffer and not being able to do a thing about it, but wait until she'd purged the alcohol out of her system. After that, John knew he could never let his drinking get like that.
Sherlock wasn't planning on opening his eyes, but he could feel the full force of Mycroft's glare on his person, and the urge to snap was on the tip of his tongue. No doubt Mycroft already knew that Sherlock was awake, but he tottered between ignoring his brother in favour of sleep or facing the music now, and getting it out of the way. His head still throbbed as if he'd been battered, and in his chest, a dull ache left him feeling hollow. Sherlock couldn't tell if it could be attributed to his accidental overdose or the memory of John that lingered at the edge of every thought.
“Fuck,” John had whispered, and Sherlock swallowed his words with the same vigour that he’d ingested his indecent exchange with John. It was lovely.
“Half that, Mycroft. A few hundred people may be nothing for you in your “minor government” position, but labour here is satisfactory, and I’ve not had one complaint since we’ve acquired a full roster.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair and steepled his hands beneath his chin, his hard gaze trained on the man opposite him. “Cut one-fifty, but that’s all I’ll allow you. The rest are useful.”
Eventually, hands began to pull him away, and Sherlock let them, because the medics had the equipment he didn't, and even if it felt like his chest was tearing itself apart, Sherlock let them take John away on the stretcher.
John leant forward and their tongues danced around her clit, tangling hotly with one another. Holmes retracted his fingers as their tongues worked their way down to dip inside of her, undulating against each other. It was incredibly arousing, intoxicating, even, as they pleasured Molly and one another simultaneously, tongues playing cat and mouse. John’s gut clenched as Holmes sucked Molly’s clit and skimmed lightly with his teeth in a way that made her spine arch.
John felt his fur stand up as a body came into close proximity with his own, and he looked up to see Sherlock much closer than he'd been a moment ago, circling John as he had before. John tracked the alpha's movement apprehensively, and together, the two of them began an intricate dance that even John couldn't begin to explain.
“Leave it, Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped, a vehement growl that made John's stomach clench up in horror. There were so many secrets in this house, between these people.
Sherlock and John were sitting next to each other, their thighs close enough to touch. They were snogging, quite enthusiastically, Greg might add, and Sherlock was turned, halfway looming over John, whose head was tilted back against the couch from the force of Sherlock's kisses.
"How could you possibly know I planned to accept your proposal," John asked. What clues had he given away? Was John's body language so telling?
A wet line was being drawn up his lower abdomen, pausing to dip hotly into John's belly button. He groaned, but the sound was lost to the music, though the nip to John's hipbone let him know that the message was well received.
*MHRA is the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency. According to research, they are the equivalent to the US FDA. If this is wrong, please feel free to correct me.
“John… as much as I would love for this to be a social call, I came to warn you.” Bill’s tone changed, curving low into something grave and unmistakably worried. “Your friend there knows things he's not telling you. You have no idea what you're walking into.”
"Take off your clothes," Sherlock ordered, raising a hand as John inhaled to argue. "No sex, as you said."
John stared slack jawed at the door before turning to his friend who was now slumping dramatically against the arm of the couch. Jasper sighed, long and drawn out, before it morphed into a giggle. "My dad is such a drama queen."
Sherlock’s chest tugged uneasily. It bit at him that he’d been so blinded by emotions, rage, that he hadn’t noticed all the signs before. He’d stormed in before, ready to have John at his mercy, broken and pleading for him to stay… but there had never been much purpose in breaking things that were already broken. It was possible that he was dealing with a new John. One that was irreversibly damaged.
As he winked, John could see Miss Vicky glance at him in his peripheral vision, then shift back to Sherlock, before a slow smile pushed out her dimples again.
to feel their flesh between his teeth and warm blood pooling down his throat. These hunters walked around alive, while his family rotted above ground, scoured with maggots and skin gone black. They would
he longed to urge the man forward. His cock was thickening with the rush of blood, untouched, and starving for attention.
Sherlock had given John time and space; he hadn't shown up at John's parents house, even though once or twice, he found himself sitting in the backseat of his car for several long moments, struggling with himself and the directions to give his new driver (now that Sebastian Moran had revealed himself). Sherlock wanted to see him, but John never called and never visited. Sherlock found himself questioning John's existence, but those barely worn clothes in his wardrobe didn't fit him correctly.
Sensing John's wariness, Sarah angled her body to face his and folded her legs up to her chest, wrapping her arms around them. Her limpid, azure eyes surveyed him sternly before she opened her mouth to speak. "Mike also told me how you felt about Holmes, and I completely agree, if everything I read is to be believed. He seems like a very complicated man." She sighed, and John felt pinioned by her soft, knowing gaze. "I just don't want you to get too swept up in all that, is all."
"It's getting a bit late, anyways," Sarah sighed, one hand on the doorknob already. "I should get going. Call me, John?"
However, despite his words, John found himself relaxing amid the mess. It was cozy, for all its clutter; comforting and personal. It was an insight into Sherlock’s mind.
Somewhere outside the open window, the brassy trill of a muted trumpet and thumping beat floated through, sensual and uptempo to add to the already potent ambience.
It was more like a demand than a request, but curiously, John wasn't bothered by it. He wanted to see Sherlock, too.
Sherlock's eyes dragged up, slowly, and then down, his eyes lingering on the shiny new Ferragamo captoe oxfords that Sherlock just “happened” to have stowed away in John’s exact size. He didn't even want to know what the price of the shoes were, and would be returning them to Sherlock directly after. John still wasn't sure how to feel about Sherlock spending so much money on him, but that would be a conversation best left for another night.
"Say, Sherlock, whose at the office?" That should have been the first thing he bothered to ask, seeing as he'd skipped work entirely, and Sherlock wasn't there, either.
As the front door creaked open, Jim returned his attention to Puppy with raised brows, smirking in a way that he knew unsettled most, until the corners of his lips pulled back into his cheeks. Jim got such delight out of the way Puppy's eyes widened when he noticed a most familiar face. In Jim's opinion, the best criminals always hid in plain sight.
John exhaled tremulously, the old, childish urge to wring his hand in his lap, unbearably irresistible. He could almost feel their thoughts, all of them blaming John for bringing this sordid mess down upon their backs. It was a heavy burden to bear, but John was determined not to let them see how much the pack's judgment affected him.
It had been the ultimate betrayal and also the reason why Sherlock waited so long to take John to any kind of event. John worked for him, yes, but Sherlock would know if John were doing anything untoward right under his nose. Jim had gotten away with it, but his former submissive was also cleverer than most. It had been one of the characteristics Sherlock found most appealing in Jim, but now it repulsed him.
On the nightstand, a cup of water and a paracetamol were placed close at hand, and John wasted no time downing the pill and throwing back the stagnant beverage. The water washed away the cottony texture in his mouth and the aftertaste of the ale, allowing John to breathe a sigh of relief. At least he wouldn't have to face Sherlock with dragon breath. On the night stand, also, was an unopened toothbrush and a face towel.
John grinned, lips settling into a flirtatious curve as Sherlock’s eyes slid appreciatively down his frame.
Carefully and with Sherlock's help, John hefted the bodies out of the house and gently laid them in the graves, a piece of him staying with each of them.
Sherlock raised his nose higher into the air, looking more like a peacock with ruffled feathers. His cheeks bloomed pink and John had the ridiculous urge to see how much darker he could make Sherlock blush. "Yes, John will be needing evening wear, as well as a casual work suit and a few dress shirts."
"Bit tetchy, aren't we," John mumbled. He scanned the next question, his cheeks most likely burning an incandescent shade of pink in embarrassment.
As the car stopped at a light, Jasper tried the handle, but it didn't budge. “Let me out,” he growled, scooting back so he’d have room to kick at the door.
John nodded quickly, seeking to reassure Sherlock. For all that there was a slight strain on his upper body, John didn't want to stop. It was to be expected, as John didn't exercise regularly, but in the eventuality that his body grew uncomfortably strained, he wouldn't hesitate to notify Sherlock.
John wasn't sure if Sherlock actually slept, but his breathing was even and not a peep came from him.
On the other end, Sherlock sighed loudly, and John could hear the rustle of cloth against cloth, the sound of keys jingling. "You're rambling, John. Any other time, I would find it quite endearing, but right now, I need you to tell me where you are."
," Sherlock pulled him back sharply, so that John could feel the hard cock pressing into the small of his back, "is what you
Lestrade was the first to react, smiling amicably at John and raising his cup in acknowledgement. John returned the greeting politely, feeling frumpy and unkempt in Lestrade's recycled clothing. "John," the grey haired man nodded, "sleep well?"
“Sure you do,” John stated, so calmly and with so much conviction that Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. “I'm your friend.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and tightened his jaw on the harsh words that strained at the back of his throat. “Did I not say that he is a friend,” he snapped, annoyed that he had to reiterate when the explanation had been a simple one.
John was still fuming when he made it outside to join Sherlock and the others, burning with a fury that held the potential to ignite the ground beneath his feet. John was never a hot-headed individual, but here in this strange territory, with this ragtag group of werewolves, he was on high alert and not quite as sound of mind as he was before his pack was so brutally slaughtered.
John breathed deeply, his fingers shaking where they dug beneath the loam, pulling up tiny roots, and dirt shoving painfully beneath his nail beds.
With every movement of his arms, John hadn't noticed the robe slipping from his arms, but Sherlock certainly didn't miss it. The man was eye-fucking John to within an inch of his life, phone damn near forgotten in his hands.
The thought made him feel nostalgic, so John fiercely shoved away the memory and cast his mind on more immediate problems, like the unsolved riddle he held.
She ran up to the stage where she met with more showgirls. Linking arms, they hitched up their knees, then legs. “Men grow cold as girls grow old, and we all lose our charms in the end.” She kicked her leg away and caught a red-feathered boa thrown her way. Lady Grey danced around with it as she placed it around her neck. Behind her, the dancers behind the blue screens danced  seductively. “But square-cut or pear-shaped, these rocks don't lose their shape.”
John pursed his lips and dropped his eyes to his mostly full plate, tapping his fingers around his perspiring glass of water indecisively. “Sherlock, hm-,” John stopped, clearing his throat and steeling himself before he met Sherlock's eyes. They really were lovely in the candlelight, and his curls glowed softly from the lights outside the window, a shimmering array of green, red and blue highlighting his auburn hair.
“Good,” Sherlock said, stuffing down the urge to roll his eyes as his assistant fumbled to gather his papers. “Then this meeting is adjourned. Good afternoon.”
John silently corrected. As much as he would have wanted it to be their bed, there was no time in the present or future in which it would ever be.
It didn’t take long to escalate, and soon, they were piling out of the shower, having rushed through it with efficient swipes of the sponge. The bed was damp beneath their wet bodies, but neither of them paid it any mind.
John swallowed, stepping back. Sherlock sounded different, his voice deeper and more raspy, similar to after an orgasm. John couldn't think why he might sound that way, but he had a feeling he wouldn't like the answer, whatever it was. “Mrs Hudson,” John replied, the contents of his stomach churning as Sherlock slid out of his bedroom and quickly closed the door behind him. John cleared his throat and tried again, relieved that his voice remained steady. “I was worried when you didn't answer.”
Now, John stared up at him with the same eyes, perhaps a little more guarded, but so wonderfully unshakeable.
The kiss, this time, was gentle and titillating. John was careful as he eased in, never breaking their embrace. It was a moment that Sherlock would never forget. Though he'd just discovered the existence of this Alpha, Sherlock felt they'd met before. Of course, he wasn't delirious enough to believe all that trifle about soul mates, but... why did it seem as if they'd known one another for a lifetime.
"I need it for my final med paper, and if it's good enough, Professor Loughton said he'll get it published in the Daily Scientist."
John could have done nothing worse at that point but to reject him. Instead, John held his gaze and nodded, granting Sherlock permission to peel back another one of his layers.
Jasper smiled, mouthing the words as he read, his eyes growing blurry as John's voice filled his head.
John chose a pair of dark trousers and a seafoam green jumper to wear over his vest. He didn't have much time to start the kettle, so John figured that he would make a cuppa once he made it to the office. The traffic was just beginning to thicken, John noted, as he glanced out of Sherlock's bedroom window, his heart beating quickly as he attempted to put off the inevitable confrontation with Sherlock.
are a prime example of how messy sentiment can get and why I often avoid such entanglements.” Sherlock's voice started out slow and ended in a fervent note, gaining altitude near the end, until suddenly he was calm again. “I will forever regret you getting hurt by my actions, but I cannot bring myself to apologize for something I am not sorry for.”
for making me get off my butt and finish this chapter. You two are amazing and forces to be reckoned with.
He handled John with such mastery, like clay under a potter’s hand. John would be hard-pressed to disobey any command. The ferocity of his desire was overwhelming. John whimpered and pressed into Sherlock's touch, aching for the soft cradle of the alpha's hand.
Well, might as well make the most of the early morning. He yawned and made his way to the kitchen, happy, at least, to be able to make himself a full English if nothing else.
John put his elbow on his thigh and his chin on his hand and stared at the blank telly. He could see himself, reflected back in monotone, his skin pale and hair, slovenly. He didn't belong in a bedsit waiting for his doped up mother to come home, or for Harry to stumble into the door smelling like cheap whiskey and stale cannabis. John belonged at Baker Street and he was
“No, Mycroft you cannot do this! I forgave you the last time you turned on me, but if you do this, if you let John die… I will
Just that quickly, the woman had wrapped her arms around her son, crushing him close to her. Behind her, Rupert drew closer as well and laid a hand on the crown of John’s head where it rested on his mother’s shoulder.
Bill’s voice was closer now, loud in the eerie silence, as if he were sitting right next to John, but again - nothing.
He'd been training the idiot for nearly three weeks now into some semblance of a competent being after losing his mate to another Alpha. Sebastian went feral shortly after, and was brought to Sherlock as a last resort. Tame him, or Sebastian would be ousted from his company.
The man was young, short and blond, nearly white-haired, though his eye colour was a bit too bright and John didn't have dimples. The jumper, however, was hideous and bulky, and the jeans were second hand, but nicely fitted. “Mr Holmes?”
Finally, Sherlock moved, sliding down the bed to lay next to him, one long leg slithering between his. Plush, swollen lips pressed a tragically tender kiss against John’s sweaty cheek. Then, he asked, “Can I keep you?”
“I come back, open the door, and there's Veronica and Charlie doing Number Seventeen: The spread eagle!”
"I have to go, Sherlock," John lifted his hands and gently pried Sherlock's spindly fingers off his shoulders. His skin prickled where they touched, and John had to force himself to let go or else he'd never leave. He turned to the door.
Sherlock stomped down the jealousy, feeling rather foolish. Lestrade would never cross the line with John, and was more than aware of his connection to Sherlock. They never hid their relationship when they were together, though neither of them had been openly affectionate.
Sherlock peered down at John with warmth suffused eyes and waited until John lifted his gaze. Once those blue eyes settled on him, Sherlock endeavoured to keep them trained only on him. “Kiss me,” he demanded, refusing to bend low. He enjoyed watching John stand on his toes and reach for kisses.
Faster than any human could have ever hoped, John's body had begun to heal, and the deep blue, mottled bruises that had been there before were non-existent. The recovery had sapped most of his energy throughout the night, and now he could guess it was hours past midnight and the moon was at it's highest.
Sherlock retracted his fingers, much to John’s despair. His hips bucked a few times, looking to be filled again, wanton and intemperate.
John thought for a moment, but couldn't, for the life of him, remember what the man was asking about. “What?”
John's breath hitched as arousal slammed through him like a lorry. He had to ball his fists in order to keep from reaching out. Holmes studied him, his piercing, gaze a shifting kaleidoscope of colours. There was something there that John knew for certain would be best left unexplored.
“You've allowed me into your body, and now I want you to have mine,” Sherlock divulged, his chin tilting up as he met John's eyes in a steadfast manner, as if he expected John to turn him down.
Abruptly, Lestrade's pacing cooled to a light stride as he placed his nose close to the ground, tracking scents the further into the woods they went. Sherlock slowed eventually as well, trotting from one place to the next, sniffing and pawing through piles of leaves and dirt. John followed suit, smelling for traces that hunters might leave behind if they were to venture into the forest. Most hunters were exceptionally skilled at evasion, but werewolves had the olfactory senses of a wolf magnified by five, so even something as tiny as a drop of sweat would alert them that someone had been there.
How long would the symptoms last, and for how much longer did he have his John before... Was there an inevitable death at the end?
Mike was sitting at the kitchen table (the only place to fit a table in their tiny flat, really), hunched over an intimidating pile of papers. His eyes were underlined with heavy pouches, red and slightly manic.
John frowned down at his jumper in confusion, wondering what Sarah was about to nag at him about. Grey contrasted nicely with his eyes, or so an ex-lover had informed him after they'd had a bit of fun on sheets the same shade as said color. "What? What's wrong with it?"
Sherlock was pretty sure someone had come in the door, but he was somewhere on another plane, in another existence, thinking of a melody he'd composed months ago. He vaguely recalled it, but his body had memorized the motions by rote.
Sherlock kept talking, even when John entered into his REM cycle, and well into the evening, long after Lestrade slipped out.
Sherlock, finally having successfully placed the pram on the ground floor, held out his hands to receive John and placed him into the pram, buckling him in the way Lestrade instructed before leaving. "Yes, John and I have a few things to take care of."
Sherlock put his phone down beside his cutlery and crossed his hands on the table. "Obvious. I've come to hear your answer." As if John who reached out to him.
As the door closed behind the waiter, the lights in the room dimmed, and the crackle of a record playing transferred over the speakers.
Sherlock was behind him now, a small but smug smile lingering at the corner of his lips. John ignored him for the time being and continued him curious perusal.
Of course, being an Omega was crucial to the art of taming. For thousands of years, Alphas depended on the practicality and assurance of Omegas, and most often Omegas held powerful positions in the government because of these traits. Alphas were easily persuaded by Omegas, as Sherlock's mentor, Victor Trevor, once demonstrated.
If Jim's smile grew a little tighter, his eyes a degree colder, then Puppy didn’t let on that he’d noticed. “Master hasn't taught you any manners, has he?” As nonchalant as the words were, there was a steady trickle of ire making itself known. Puppy needed to be disciplined. Jim sighed dramatically and pursed his lips regretfully. “Shame. I thought we could do without all of the-,” Jim gestured wildly with one hand, still holding the handle of the teacup in the other.
“Stop thinking,” a caramel coated voice breathed into his ear, and John wanted to obey, but Sherlock had released one of his hands to rub patterns on the sliver of skin between his bustier and knickers.
It was over as fast as it began, then the woman was murmuring into her phone as she exited at her stop on the fifteenth floor. John exhaled in relief, glad that the odd moment was over. He spent the better part of his ride watching people get on and off. Unfortunately, there was a stop on every floor on the way up.
His face felt sticky and disgusting after the exertion of their earlier activities, and soon John would have to leave. Sherlock wanted him to stay, could tell by the way he leant in whenever John's eyes flicked to the clock on Sherlock's nightstand, but that would mean eventually taking off his clothes and make-up, which he had no desire to do in front of Sherlock, yet.
Before John could open his mouth to defend himself, Sarah was on him like a dog with a scent. She sat up with a flourish and scuttled over until she was nearly nose-to-nose with him "John Hamish Watson, you will tell me what happened, and don't you dare bother telling me lies. You know I won't believe you. Did you have sex with him?"
John was temptation, incarnate. John was the apple in the Garden of Eden; the forbidden fruit that Sherlock knew he shouldn't consume, yet he has done so repeatedly with the obstinate greed of someone who knows they're doing wrong but is helpless to stop it. John's skin tasted like satisfaction after a binge, and fucking him reminded Sherlock of a time when he would sink into a tight, warm orifice while liquid gold pumped through his veins. Yes, this was church. Dropping to his knees before his saviour, John's swelling cock resting on his tongue like Eucharist. His seed was bittersweet and heady like the wine in the cup the priest would place against Sherlock's lips.
It didn't make sense, but then it made more sense than anything John had ever tried to make sense of. Bill’s voice was solid, yet it carried on the wind, or what little seemed to permeate the dense foliage. Everything about the moment was contradictory, and yet, John understood that more this everything else.
He owed it to John to embrace him in any form, take care of John just as he had taken care of Sherlock throughout their partnership.
"No, Sherlock, I'm not going to make you tea. I'm not going to stay here, while you go out and do whatever it is that you do every night. I
to tell Sarah about Moriarty breaking into 221B and serving himself some tea while John was in the shower, and
They collapsed tangled together, chests heaving as they sought to bring their heartbeats somewhere nearing normal. Sweat beaded sticky and warm between their chests and John hesitated to pull away, unwilling to expose his skin to the cold air flowing from the air-con.
Mycroft pushed his chair back, eyes dark and accusatory as he matched Sherlock’s stare fearlessly. “Jim Moriarty and your sordid past are who you have to thank for John’s absence in your life, brother mine.”
A warning would have to do for now, but Julia would certainly be doing her research on this strange man.
Outside, the rain began to fall, first in soft patters against the window, before picking up pace until it came down in buckets. On the streets, he could see the little specks scurrying for shelter, while in other places, umbrellas sprouted up like bobbing, multi-colored lily pads.
Sherlock didn't realize he was trembling until Lestrade placed a hand over his shoulder, and then his head was in his hands. His body attempting to curl in on itself as he swallowed and swallowed back the swell of emotions.
“I should have left you to die,” the man sneered viciously, “bringing those hunters into my territory. My pack and I were cleverly hidden from any human presence, and now you've led them here, so shut up, and ask nothing.”
didn't,” Anderson cut in, earning a shrewd scowl from Sherlock, “It was him! He brought them here!” A long, crooked finger singled John out where he stood, flanked by Lestrade and Molly. Victor only stared blankly from his spot, leaning against the wall closest to Sherlock.
John smiled down at the card and tucked it away in his wallet. He scooped up the rest of his clothes and hastened to leave. Apparently, he had a date in three hours.
John stared at him expectantly, his hands folded patiently in his lap as he waited for Sherlock to explain.
John nodded, eyes closing briefly against the knowing look Sherlock was pinning him with. "Aren't you?"
Lunch was a quiet affair with only the scrape of metal on porcelain to fill the silence. His parents didn't ask anything other than after John's health, but once they were sure that he was physically sound, they didn't push for more information.
Fear: Another feeling that Sherlock wasn't accustomed to. It gnawed at his mind and turned every comprehensive thought into slimy, discombobulating plasma. Outwardly, he was calm, taking the lead as he so loved to do with his John, but he felt more vulnerable than was comfortable and John's eyes on him were tiny pricks erupting across his bare skin like measles.
Lestrade. Tactless as ever and currently blocking the only exit out of Bart’s morgue. He’d counted himself lucky that Molly had been on her way to lunch when he’d arrived with the detective inspector in tow. Sherlock came to his conclusion twenty minutes ago, and spent the following forty-five thinking of John.
John nodded, pursing his lips as he kept his gaze riveted to his lap. “That so,” he asked without any real interest.
“Ah,” said Sherlock. “Then you wouldn't mind showing me how you seduced these ‘straight’ men into your bed?”
An insincere smile forged its way across Holmes' lips, and John suddenly felt like the butt of a joke he wasn't privy to. "I have many hobbies I indulge in; I provide consult to the Met when they're out of their depth, which is most days, and I play the violin when I have the time... However, there is one thing I enjoy in particular, but, well, it's a bit easier to show than to tell, Mr Watson."
John was sleeping like the dead when his phone rang and he was thrust from a fitful sleep into abrupt consciousness. He shot a hand out towards the phone vibrating across the bedside table, and knocked the clock clumsily onto the ground in his haste to silence the noise.
Janine's lightly glossed lips perked up coquettishly as she eyed John a moment longer before she turned on her heels and marched for the door, shaking her head as she went.
John's mum reminded him so much of Harriet, sometimes it hurt to look at her. He imagined if his dad thought the very same thing at times.
Soon enough, Sherlock was pressing back against John's cock and John was gasping because this moment was everything
John ran, quick on Sherlock's heels, and determined not to look back at the cabin going up in flames.
for updates, excerpts, and all things Sherlockian! Thank you so much for reading. Feedback is always appreciated :)
Irene was quiet, though he could hear the gears chugging and turning, putting two and two together as she mulled over his words. “John, you’re a drama queen.”
John pretended not to see Sherlock's expression wilt slightly before his features rearranged themselves into a placid veneer.
John's skin was ashen and dry, tiny crevices inching across every patch of skin that Sherlock could see. “John,” he cried softly, ignoring the way his voice cracked on the name.
Finally, John slumped back into the couch. “Wow. I hope you don't mind me saying, but this all kind of hard to believe. Perhaps, you could maybe, show me a picture of Dr Wat- I mean
John threw his hands up in surrender, '"I'm not- I'm not saying I'm going to jump into bed with him," he said under his breath, assuring that no one else overheard their conversation. "I really don't know what's happening, is all." John rubbed a hand over his face, massaging the line between his eyes tiredly, because really, he was tired; tired of all the cryptic comments and secret smiles, and Holmes' less than subtle innuendos and double entendres.
Sherlock's hand reached out and sat patiently on the curve of John's hip, waiting for a further sign to proceed. It was marvelously thrilling to be touched in such a simple yet intimate way. Where there was usually passion and carnal desire in their previous intercourse, this was slow and hesitant, something to be remembered. This was everything that Sherlock didn't know how to be, but for John, he was trying.
When he looked up, Sherlock was leaning back on his elbows, trying to keep his eyes open as John swallowed until the head of his erection hit the back of his throat. He dipped the tip of his tongue into the hole of Sherlock's cock and gave a long, slow suck, triumphing at the break in his lover's voice as he tried to say John’s name.
John stared back at Sherlock and wondered how he had ever missed it. This, what they were doing, it was child's play for Sherlock. John could see it swirling in his lover's eyes, the irritation, the voraciousness, proof that there was an itch that John was not scratching for him. Ropes and riding crops were tickles for Sherlock, but what Jim had shown him, that was what Sherlock wanted. And John was not so sure, then, that he was safe anymore.
From the sound of it, someone was slacking on the job and now Holmes was coming under fire because of it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his tone was neutral as he answered with, “Yes, I'll help you find the people who've done this, but I want something in return.”
To make things worse, Sherlock, tired of waiting, took over and got it in one try. If that didn't sour his mood, then the cougar with the large breasts ringing them up began to blatantly flirt with Sherlock. Great. Of course, Sherlock didn't even look at her.
He felt confused, trapped between two emotions that meshed as well as oil and water. How was it possible to love someone as much as he did John and yet feel so contemptuous toward them?
John turned to where he thought Bill might be, where the fingers walked over the nape of his neck like soft, cold caresses. “Am I safe?”
“Oh, piss off, Mycroft,” Sherlock snarled, then turned to Jasper. “I never meant to cause you any pain; it was never my intention, but I don't regret what happened with John, and it's better that you know that now.” Sherlock stood, pulling in his gloves. “Come home when you're ready-”
John pulled out the chair adjacent, sitting down gingerly as he regarded his friend with concerned caution. "You look like shit, Mike," he said, by way of greeting. "What exactly are you tearing out hairs over?"
“And you,” Holmes said, in a voice like the silk draped over John’s shoulders. His timbre was rich and rumbling, and all too big for this whippet-thin man. John had to admit, he was a bit surprised when Sherlock summarily dismissed Irene in the space of a second, and returned his gaze to John. Up close, his stare was intensely intimate, and John was drawn in helplessly. “Lady Grey, it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance,” he said, holding out his hand. This time, when John offered his own hand, Sherlock turned it, palm down, and brought it up to his lips for a brief kiss that barely touched his skin. “I do believe you’ve captivated us all, tonight.”
“Do you miss it,” asked Sherlock. The question was soft and intimate in the confined space, as if John's answer would tip the scale of their interaction into something more, something dangerous. John had never been one to shy away from a little danger, though.
"Hey dad," he greeted sheepishly into the man's chest. Older, though John may be, seeing his parents always made him feel better, as if there was at least something good to look forward to in the world. Even now, people were always surprised to know that his parents were still together, and even if, as a cohesive team, the two could be overbearing at times, John found it comforting to know that love could weather time.
Sherlock was standing so close now that John had to crane his neck to see the tall bastard’s face. “Um, I'm sorry - what?”
At last, they all turned to the last woman, who ran smoothly through her part, before ending in a climactic : “I guess you can say we broke up because of artistic differences. He saw himself as alive and I saw him dead.” Then, she wove her scarf around his neck and jerked.
John matched his stare, unimpressed by Holmes' unsubtle prod into his personal life. "Could say the same about you, hm?" If it came out cynical, Holmes didn't bat an eyelid, but his eyes grew shadowed with a nameless emotion.
," Sherlock snarled, and threw a pillow straight into John's open mouth before getting up and stomping out of the room in absolutely nothing.
Sherlock seemed to appreciate his bluntness and gave just as direct an answer. “If you’re amenable, that is.” He paused, then pushed the wine aside and leaned forward, hands clasping on the table. “If we're going to be frank with one another, which is advisable if we’re to continue our association, it wasn’t the only reason I invited you here, John.”
“Yessss,” Sherlock hissed as John took the cue and rocked himself on Sherlock's prick. His calves were already burning and his knees were scraped raw, but John barely noticed as he rose and fell, again and again until Sherlock was suffering the same torment.
, to use our own instincts against us.” Sherlock paused, bringing up a thumb to stroke idly against his lower lips, the other resting on his hip as looked off into the distance, distractedly. “If my pack were to fall, whose do you think will be next, dear brother?”
Sherlock watched John suckle on his fist, saliva drooping past his lip and sliding down his little fingers to land on Sherlock's coat. He didn't know what was to be done with John. Obviously he would take John back to Baker Street, where he belonged, but then what?
John folded his hands and leaned back against the desk as Sherlock fluttered around the room, making more of a mess than anything. “I know it's not just your fault, Sherlock, I know. I wasn't implying anything.”
John pulled out his phone and read the new message from Sarah, once again ignoring the knot in his throat at the lack of communication from Sherlock.
She was angry with him at first, as if she knew anything about his relationship with John. However, Sherlock was a persuasive man - manipulative, some might say - and in the end, he'd gotten the answers he was looking for, much to his regret.
He dragged in a breath and slowly released it before turning to John again. He truly did look unwell. A sheen of moisture overlay the surface of John’s dark eyes, like liquid wax over stained glass, and Sherlock knew then that to resist John as he was would be to torment himself.
As a pup, John was taught to distrust humans and to fear them, but he was innately curious and that extended even to the present. Even when he’d seen the destruction that humans often wrought, John couldn’t bring himself to loathe them. He wanted to know more about them.
"The pleasure is all mine, Mr Watson. I do hope you consider my offer." Holmes slid a hand between them, a bland smile situated into place, though his eyes now regarded John more closely.
Sherlock pushed himself off the floor and held out a hand to John, a placid smile pulling at the corner of his lips. "Do you trust me, John?"
“Good, because I don't share,” Sherlock snapped, and Greg decided to leave it there, because there was no way this conversation could get any worse.
, and the accusations on the cover that he hadn't paid any mind to. And why should he have done? Shoddy journalists always lied, published anything to sell a paper, but
John returned her smile with a grateful, if a bit strained, smile of his own, fondness and gratitude warming the space just below his sternum. “Actually Mrs Hudson, I wondered if you might have a spare key to Sherlock's bedroom. He's been in there since we returned, but he isn't responding when I call. I'm a bit worried…”
Slender hips worked sensuously down against his own, a slow circle that threatened to leave him gasping and sweating. Their lips broke apart and Sherlock nuzzled into the space between his neck and shoulder, mouth moving with silent words.
Sherlock's lips twitched, amused, as he lifted John to his chest and turned to grab a towel out of the bag to wipe John's lips clean with. Molly watched it all with a distant sort of curiosity, as Sherlock handled John with care, patting him gently on the back in what he hoped was a comforting motion.
“Put your clothes on. Get out,” Sherlock ordered, wrapping his gown around himself and tying it off with quick, sharp movements.
Nostalgia drifted in every corner, as did the lingering fetid stench of decomposition and death. The house was as quiet as John had ever heard it, and outside, the robin stopped singing and the woodpecker stopped tapping, and the wind was suddenly just a slight breeze that blew in the opposite direction.
Sherlock’s back straightened as he watched her, his cock beginning to stir. Lady Grey was beautiful like this, entirely focused on him after performing for a crowd of hundreds, and Sherlock felt a sweep of possessiveness so strong he nearly stood and approached her.
The man rolled his head to the side until John could see those blue eyes completely fixated on him, unimpressed and entirely uninterested. “I said, obviously you've a lot to repent for, which is probably going to be as dull and repetitive as all the others I've heard today so let's speed things up, shall we?” Then, the man turned fully to the screen and leaned forward until his nose was nearly pressed against it, his eyes roving restlessly over John in a way that should have been wildly inappropriate, but surprisingly sparked only mild annoyance… And maybe just a splash of attraction, because the vicar was actually a very good-looking man.
tell you my brother held a minor position in the government, and along with that, my own security detail is quite competent. Did you think that I wouldn't know the moment an intruder stepped foot into Baker Street?" Sherlock's eyes narrowed and his head tilted the slightest bit as he stared down at John sternly. John squirmed under the hard gaze and gripped the ropes leading up to the bed posts nervously. "And you thought to keep this from me."
John rolled over to see Sherlock wide awake and eyes not dulled by exhaustion, but rather lit with insight and a tinge of wariness. "You're thinking about him."
It was completely frustrating, being in love. Sherlock could admit that he was in unfamiliar territory. A thousand experiments couldn’t prepare him for an endeavour of such magnitude as caring for another person. In some ways it felt like ruin, while in others he was invigorated.
John didn't think it was possible for Sherlock to get any closer, but the man leaned directly into his face, pinning eyes on him alight with a vicious gleam. "Oh no, threats are tedious. I am promising you."
“Are you ready to move on from here?” Sherlock inquired, his eyes narrowing slightly. Whatever Sherlock was thinking, the man was obviously unwilling to share, John assumed, as the man's lips drew into tight line.
Sherlock led them out of their shelter and back onto an unseen trail, pulling his pack over his shoulder. He tossed John a bottle of water. “Drink,” he ordered indifferently, and led them around a fallen tree.
Tesco was, as usual, was full of dimwitted housewives intent on stopping the flow of traffic to gossip and talk about their children whom they were eager to send off to boarding school, and young delinquents with sticky fingers. At least if you were going to steal, Sherlock would think one would want to learn the art of subtlety. Stealing and then bragging to your friends outside the main doors in clear view of CCTV was about as foolish as one could get. Once again, Sherlock despaired of humanity.
On the mantle above the fireplace was another skull, but what John recognised as an authentic human one. His eyes lingered there for a second longer, wondering if he should be worried, then scanned over the rest of the room. Mismatched, but comfortably worn in furniture, dusty floors and two large windows on either side of the desk that let in the multi-coloured lights of a well-traveled street.
John tipped his hips up as Sherlock's finger curled around the band of his garter belt and knickers, his lips parted on jagged breaths. The hand in Sherlock's hair grasped tightly as did the one tangled in the sheets. The last defense, the last remnant of Lady Grey pooled at John's feet in a puddle of dark lace. At last, Sherlock met John Watson.
“Fine,” John smiled at his partner, still in awe that someone like Sherlock could be interested in someone like him. He was—
Sherlock’s fingers were back to their perusal. He ached to push them past the rim; he wanted to be inside John one way or another, soon.
“Fine. Lie in it.” Sherlock angled his head towards the bed without breaking eye contact. He closed the distance and gave a little shove, watching with barely concealed glee as John stumbled back.
John would have to tell Mike that he wouldn't be joining him in the flat he'd be moving to once he began his internship at Bart's. Sarah wouldn't be pleased about not being able to see John as often, but he didn't think he could return to London, at least, not for a while.
He scoffed, though there was a smile threatening to break out over his lips. "Oh, don't give me that look, John, you know very well I have no idea what to do with this," Sherlock huffed, flipping his free hand towards the pram. "Not my area."
Sherlock turned to John who was just as calm and solid beside him as always, Sig Sauer clutched in his fist at the ready, safety switched off. Deep blue eyes watched him back, waiting for his command. Sherlock wanted to kiss him, but the Work came first (always came first) and the light in John's eyes indicated that he would be very amenable for whatever Sherlock had planned for later.
John was pushing back against him, body shaking as Sherlock milked him with no intentions of letting him come anytime soon. He pulled away with a slurp, letting John's balls slide from between his lips and his hands fall away after pressing the button to stop the cock-ring. He lowered the setting for the plug to a lower level but left it on.
John was angry, but most of all, he was tired. This wasn't how he saw his relationship with Sherlock coming to a conclusion. If anything, John reckoned that Sherlock's interest in him would simply wane and he would send John away, but Sherlock had made it clear that that wasn't what he wanted.
John called him while Sherlock was reclining on his couch, the dark thoughts of days past intermingling with the present, and all the ways he wanted to take John apart.
It had been incredibly frustrating, not knowing what to say to make things right, unable to express how he felt, because he wasn't quite sure himself. John wouldn't even look at him.
“For all that you’re a supposed genius, I was beginning to suspect that you are inept at using your mobile. I see that my theory has been confirmed.”
Sherlock snarled and picked John up, shuffling the squirming infant awkwardly in his arms until he was holding him the way Anthea demonstrated at Barts.
Julia gripped her husband’s hand, steadied by his calm presence. “Fine, yes. Of course. Do you need my address?”
All those things and more had come to mind when he introduced Victor to John; his past and his future. As beautiful as Sherlock still found Victor to be, John’s presence in a room was unimpeachable, and Sherlock couldn't stop looking at him even as he made a conscious effort to do so.
Against the monochromatic backlight of the clouds, the building was ugly and foreboding. The traffic was heavy and diverse, less hurried than in the city, and even through the doors, the smell of greasy fried foods turned his stomach and rattled his nerves.
The dark wolf let loose a terrifying snarl that would unsteady any hardened man, lips pulling back over gleaming white teeth that could easily break through bone and gristle, and set his body into a crouch, finding threat in John's defensive posture. However, before he could proceed to attack, a snapping twig and rustle of leaves pulled his attention to the darkness John had been running from. The black wolf threw his head back and howled just as the hunters had finally burst through the foliage, guns at the ready. John knew the wolf had called for backup, and he realized that there was a battle about to take place in this clearing.
Sherlock pulled the lube from his pockets, squeezed some into his fingers and threw the bottle towards the bed, where it missed and hit the floor with a dull thud.
John had sat up as well, tense and edgy as he reached for his shirt and jumper. His movements were jerky, made awkward by his position on the floor and his lingering arousal.
As John approached, the human craned his neck towards him with beseeching eyes, attempting to put as much distance between him and Sherlock’s drooling fangs.
Sherlock pressed his forehead against the glass, listening to Billy clamber down the stairs to retrieve their guests. One last session, and Sherlock could indulge in his favourite pastime. The dirt experiment he left to sit overnight wouldn't classify itself.
John's parents were well off, on the brink of a retirement they'd saved their whole lives for, but rehab was expensive, never mind a decent one. The cost would be nothing to sniff at, and John was sure that money would no doubt come from their retirement fund. It made him angry, and although John knew he shouldn't be upset with Harry and her addictions, he couldn't help the flicker of fury he felt whenever his parents had to make another sacrifice for her.
The door slammed behind him, rattling the generic art on the walls and the decorative hydrangeas on the nightstand.
Like the whirlwind that he was, Jasper spun out of the room and down the stairs, shoes hitting each step like a loud clap of thunder. No wonder Mrs. Hudson knew he was home; John was sure all of Baker Street could hear when Jasper returned, with the way he stomped around.
The man rolled his eyes before his expression grew soft as he placed his large hands on John's sunken shoulders. He pursed his lips, and for a moment, John saw a flash of uncertainty before the man forged ahead. “What I mean to say is, I need a flatmate, and you aren't a complete idiot,” Sherlock elaborated.
The interior was an intimidating plethora of high arches and shimmering marble tile. A dance floor had been cleared in the middle of the hall, but most ignored it, heading for the snack table instead. John turned his head to see Sherlock watching him take it all in with a placid smile, ignoring everything else around him.
He lowered his lips until they were licking the underside of Sherlock's erection, and then he's losing his breath because Sherlock had shifted his attention to John's balls, kneading them, worshiping them with his tongue and lips. John's back bent until he heard it creak and Sherlock hummed around his cock like a man fulfilled. John shuddered and set to work on Sherlock, finally taking his velvet soft erection between spit-slicked lips and bobbed his head until Sherlock was just as wrecked as John.
Abruptly, Sherlock stood, moving to pace in the middle of the room with his hands clasped before his lips. The others quieted to watch him, waiting for their alpha's reassurance of their safety. John didn't envy Sherlock his responsibility. There was no possible way that he could assure them that they were safe. If Sherlock was stupid enough to think it was smart to stay, the pack would be dead within days. The hunters were close, very close, and there at the cabin, they were just sitting ducks.
With John preoccupied with his dummy and swinging his curious eyes around the room, Sherlock sat down to the microscope, adjusting the magnification and resolution until the round organisms came into view. Upon first glance, Sherlock could already see the difference in John's blood than a normal sample. The rate of mitosis was rapid in comparison to the normal division of cells. A process that should take hours was happening at a faster rate, jumping through the stages of mitosis is mere minutes. That was the reason for John's appearance, why he appeared to be aging quicker than was natural. Sherlock nearly regretted killing Dr Förstner, if only he could know the base components of his drug. Whatever the doctor had produced, it would have indeed been a huge breakthrough in the scientific community.
Victor smiled, his dark eyes going soft in nostalgia, before he focused back on his work. “Mm-hm, I recall you never giving them, however,” he teased. “Though, you've always been a very expressive person. You didn't always have to say what you were thinking.” Then Victor paused, casting Sherlock a knowing look that said more than enough about what they were
Somehow, out of all the years they had known one another, this was the first time Jasper had invited him over, and John had never even met his friend's father, THE Sherlock Holmes. John had read about some of the cases the famous detective had solved in the papers, and whenever he asked Jasper about them, the older boy would always include the more interesting details that the stories left out.
John regretted stopping for water at the stream, but he had been on the verge of collapsing without the liquid to keep him on his feet. It was only a moment, but the hunters had been on his heels all night, and it only brought them closer to his locale. John was completely outnumbered, and the hunters had split up to gain more ground, reminiscent of the way John would have hunted prey with his pack, and he could feel himself slowing down and growing weaker.
John cleared his throat, successfully drawing Sherlock's attention back to his face. The man's eyes had darkened considerably in the short time he'd looked away. Now his gaze was a stormy chasm, endless and unrealistically piercing, unrelenting.
Murray was an awfully average man, in the sense that if Sherlock were to pass him on the street (or anywhere, for any reason), he would not pay him any mind. His smile was polite, his height was that of the average British male, he was healthy, and Sherlock wanted to roll his eyes at the perfectly parted and combed hairstyle. The only thing that Sherlock found intriguing was the man's choice to enlist into the army. Murray seemed like the kind of man that would be content to live his life like every other dull, ordinary twenty-something; a wife and two perfect children, and a job as an accountant, or something equally boring and mundane.
As a man, Sherlock was something to behold, tall and distinguished. He emanated power and grace, something often forced, but very rarely authentic, but as a wolf, he was daunting; otherworldly. Sherlock towered over the others easily, all steel, tensed muscles and thick black coat that was just as wild as his human hair. He was every bit the monster of nightmares, dark and frightening with eyes that glowed pale and translucent against his deep brown fur. Sherlock was undeniably the leader, and all the other wolves waited with bated breath for their alpha's signal.
Sherlock pulled away before it could go any further, eyes half lidded and deep enough to drown in. He pulled John to a black, leather armchair and sat, bringing the smaller male to straddle his thighs with firm hands on either side of his hips.
All of the resistance seeped from his body in the face of Sherlock's sombre introspection. John didn't want to fight this battle any longer. He couldn't stay.
John smiled and sat in a cushioned red chair facing both the couch Sherlock lay on and the settee, back to the covered windows. "I'm fine," he reassured them, wincing as he relaxed back into the chair. His wounds were healing now, but the skin was pulled tight and uncomfortable. "I reckon I was just a little unprepared today."
The man's eyes widened as Sherlock wrapped a tight grip around his neck and squeezed. Directly behind him, a sharp limb hung out from the tree, strong and sturdy, and before it could happen, John already knew what Sherlock planned to do.
Sherlock didn't waste any time, pinching John's nose as he placed his lips against John's, desperate to breathe life into him.
The man was nothing like he pictured. Where John envisioned a middle-aged, heavy set man with a pipe, instead he was faced with a young, twenty-something, tall and oddly striking man. A mass of dark, S-shaped curls framed a thin, pale face with cheekbones sharp enough to cut.
Okay, maybe that was a little cliché, but all the thoughts in his head had gone mum. John found no other way to describe how aesthetically pleasing he found the man. He didn't fancy himself a homosexual man, nor could he honestly identify as straight, but that didn't mean he actively sought out male companions. Despite himself, John couldn't deny that the warmth in his belly was anything but a spark of interest.
It was his own fault that he hadn't been watching where he was going. John was at a midway point between a row of infested, crack houses and his final destination when he was shoved harshly into the brick wall of a crumbling tenement. The slam of John's body against the rough material jarred his wounds and knocked the breath from his lungs.
For the time being, the world fell at their feet and John allowed Sherlock to unravel him. Sherlock wasn't sure of the time they had left, but whatever it was, he was going to make the most of it.
Just as John thought of her, his phone buzzed again. Not wanting to be rude to his mother, John ignored it for the time being.
“Look,” he started, I thought that was brilliant. You’re brilliant, but why don’t we take it slow, yeah? I want to see you again, and then we can go from there, hm?”
He retreated briefly to re-apply more lubricant to his fingers. The subtle curve of John’s back was fetching, prompting Sherlock to lay himself flush against it, chest resting against John’s shoulder blades.
Sherlock couldn't remember a time he'd come across one without limits or restraints, someone unafraid to cross that threshold between accepted and illicit. Everything worth pursuing in this crushingly miserable world was done under the cover of darkness and behind closed doors. It drove Sherlock insane.
John pursed his lips, looking down at his hands. He already missed the reassuring weight of the cup between his fingers. “He’s not seen me as myself, yet.”
Sherlock was expecting this question. He smiled placidly and tilted his head, allowing his unwavering gaze to tell the truth. “Perhaps that is a road you should steer clear of.”
Sherlock's tongue ran over his clavicles, which pressed against his skin in stark relief stark, and down his chest in reverent, open mouthed kisses. John pressed his hips forward in wanton abandon, asking for something more, pushing the man further.
"You did see, but you didn't observe," Sherlock finished his thoughts, and it was so accurately descriptive of what John had indeed failed to do.
Oh, of course. Who else would have the pomposity to infringe on his time with John. “Tell him to fuck off.”
"Ha-Ha, no," Jasper dead panned, looking around the flat and trying to locate where he'd kicked off his trainers. "I'm going down to Speedy's. They have the best sandwiches, and right about now, the evening rush should be subsiding." Jasper threw on a light coat and made a beeline for the door. "Back in a mo'."
"Ah, Janine, there you are," Holmes acknowledged, voice belying no effects of his heated conversation with John. "I have work I need to attend to, so I'll be in and out of the office throughout the day. John will be shadowing you. I need him useful tomorrow, not stumbling round confused."
Cobalt eyes never left his own as Sherlock wound his way past scattered clothing and displaced shoes and John’s cane—which he retrieved and leaned against the side table.
Sherlock was staring at him still, into him, through him, and John looked away, his chest heavy to accompany the lump in his throat. What was he waiting for?
Sherlock relaxed minutely, though still held a squirming young John close to his chest and watched his brother through narrowed eyes. "What do you intend to do?"
Sarah beamed when she spotted John walking across the courtyard to meet her. Already he could feel the tension drain from his shoulders. She strode forward to meet John the rest of the way and held out her arms, beckoning John into them. He smiled and walked into the embrace, picking his friend up and spinning her in a circle.
Sherlock arrived home late in the day with takeaway and a burgeoning migraine. A giggle from inside froze Sherlock on the landing and he waited with an ear perked toward the door.
John thought it a bit absurd that Holmes was so averse to his brother, who from the sound of their previous conversation, was also involved in the company dealings, but John also didn't know the history there, so he reserved judgment.
. Even the slightest change could have altered his future, and Sherlock may never have become the CEO of his own company and in doing so, never would have met John, either. Victor’s friendship, however, was more than enough.
“You’re right,” Jasper nodded, pushing himself out of the chair. His face was pulled into a bland mask of acceptance, a farcical smile tilting his lips awkwardly up at the edges. Mycroft didn't believe him for a moment, but Jasper was young, and he would learn that caring was not an advantage. “Still, do you mind if I stay for a few days?”
John prayed that Sherlock hadn't heard, but his attempts were in vain, because a moment later, the room door opened and Sherlock stepped out, assessing the situation.
Sherlock hissed angrily and slapped his hand against the ground, the sound barely audible under the strike of thunder outside. His tone was seething when he spoke, dipped in condescension and delivered in a sharp bark. “I'm saying that if I help you avenge your pack, then you will come back with me, and you will join my pack as my
Sherlock watched him go with an odd expression, one which Greg thought looked familiar. Then he remembered that he often looked at Molly the same way, wondering when the day would come that she realized she’d fallen for an utter wanker. Greg jackknifed from his slovenly position on the couch and stared at Sherlock accusingly. The other man reluctantly tore his eyes away from John—John's arse, Greg wasn't blind—in the hallway and met Greg’s stare unerringly.
The man's eyes scanned over the captive's face as if reading every thought passing through his mind, so John masked his expressions and peered at the stranger under heavy brows. Piercing verdigris eyes flickered from John's face and down his bruised body, staying longer at some places than others as if he were collecting information and filing it away.
John hadn't gone very far, and Sherlock could easily track him. He just knew that he had to put some distance between them.
“We never did talk about a partnership, you know,” John pointed out after nearly half an hour of comfortable silence. “Considering that was the reason you asked me to meet you.”
Holmes inched forward, crowding John against the wall behind him as the volley of deductions fell from his lips as easily as a conversation about the weather. His pale eyes smouldered, slicing through John's weak protests. John stared up at the man, wanting nothing more than to shove him away and bolt, or else he'd find himself attached to those sinful lips the rest of the night.
John knew if he accepted, perhaps Jasper would be looking for a little more than sleep, perhaps not, but John didn't want to take the chance. A few days ago, this would have been something he would have agreed to enthusiastically, but now John felt considerably less attracted to the idea, and not a small amount of guilt.
Before John could change his mind and hang up, that low baritone came through the line, crisp and clear. "John?"
If John insisted on staying an infant indefinitely, Sherlock was going to have to put him on some kind of sleeping schedule. Dull as that sounded, it was the only feasible course of action that Sherlock could think of. The lack of sleep would affect his concentration when he began the Work again.
, now, and that's all that really matters in the grand scheme of things. It's marvelous and hateful, because Sherlock knows this cannot last, but John is so snug and tight around him, and his flesh so yielding beneath Sherlock's larger hands.
John swallowed his disappointment, and with a pained wince, realized he'd attracted the attention of his parents.
The food arrived, and Sherlock released his hand, gesturing for John to eat as he spread his napkin across his lap and picked up his own cutlery.
John smiled at his friend, happy that at least something good came from his hideously embarrassing meeting with Holmes. "Have fun transcribing that," John ribbed, standing up. "I have exams I need to be cramming for."
Sherlock made a note to ask her next time, because he couldn’t quite figure out which it was: Afghanistan or Iraq?
"Fine," he said aloud, "but after, that's it, Sarah, I mean it." John forced himself to be stern with his friend, but he could see that Sarah was suppressing laughter, and not at all taking his silent threat with any real umbrage. He tried to convince himself that he hadn't just resisted the urge to stamp his foot in indignation.
This time, a long-legged, red-haired queen wearing much the same as the first slid up against the bars sensually, her torso a long, straight line.
"Where the hell have you been? What's the matter with you leaving mum here alone?" Harry was furious, but her anger only fueled John's in turn.
"Oh, Sherlock, John," she greeted, smiling softly at the infant. "I'm just finishing up, if you'll give me a moment, I'll show you where I have John's DNA samples. I'm sure you're going to want to have a look at them yourself."
A minute later, his phone pinged again with a new message from Holmes, and if John almost dropped the phone in his haste to read it, he avoided looking too closely into the reason why.
“Well, as enlightening as this little chat has been, I really must get back to work, brother dear. Lovely as always to see you,” Mycroft purred, and turned to John. “We will be meeting again, Mr Watson. Until then.” Mycroft gave a little bow and about-faced, swinging his umbrella with a little whistle.
for the latest news and updates about all of my WIPs and future stories. You miss a little, you miss a lot. Just saying.
“Morning,” John replied, and he sounded like he was smiling. If Greg turned his head just so, he would be able to see into the kitchen.
In the other room, John coughed, the death rattle, it was called. It rang of permanency and inevitability. Sherlock didn't want John's last hours, minutes, seconds to be of a dusty ceiling and phlegmy hacks.
John rocked back on his heels, all the previous desire flying out the window, along with the thin reign he held on his temper. "You complete and utter pillock," John chuckled humourlessly, unamused by the revelation. He ran a hand over his face in frustration, pausing when his palm slid over his lips. "Unbelievable."
Taking a deep breath, John hitched his bag up on one shoulder, heavy with textbooks and a change of clothes, and took the steps up to the front door.
What Sherlock couldn't bring himself to say was in his touch, the way his body lay atop John's, the gentleness of his hands, and the fervency of his kisses.
It wasn't until he had righted himself and followed Sherlock back to the rest of the pack that John realized what he'd just done.
Sherlock didn't kiss him, merely pulled them together until their lips touched, until Sherlock could feel John's breath seeping into his lungs. It was recycled air, but it had been inside John, and so now a bit of John was also a part of Sherlock.
John blinked, eyes narrowing as if he hadn’t expected Sherlock to ask. What gave him that idea, Sherlock wasn’t one to know.
John shook his head and slapped the meat down on the bread, before bracing his hands against the counter and looking up at Sherlock. "Why are you doing all this," John asked, tilting his head as he regarded the taller man with a tiny, confused smile. "Giving me a job, taking me back to your flat after getting plastered, taking me out? Besides the sex, what could possibly be in it for you?"
The backhand came quick and brutal, snapping John's head to the side and back against the bricks. A metallic tang was already flooding his oral cavity, and suddenly his eyes felt heavy.
“Liam, come in,” he said, watching as the boy scuttled through the door with a furtive glance over his shoulder.
"Hey, pretty boy. I got somethin' over 'ere for you!" The man gestured lewdly in John's direction, grabbing his groin and massaging it in a gut-wrenching display.
for updates, excerpts and more Sherlock-y things! Feedback is much appreciated and highly motivational!
Anger bled through him, sharp and prickly as thorns. That Mycroft would even attempt to bar him from communicating with John made his fists clench and skin flush with rage.
His fingers clung to John's sweat soaked jumper, reassuring himself of the presence he’d missed for so long.
Mycroft stared back squarely, not showing the least bit that he might be intimidated. John stood, ready to interfere if he must, but Sherlock held a hand out in his direction, not once breaking eye contact with his brother.
"If you haven't already observed, I've added a few additions to our room," said Sherlock, flapping a hand casually towards the room. John tried not show how much his heart soared at the word 'our', but the pleasure was a warm, nestling thing in his gut.
Before John could lose his nerve, he pushed Jasper's elevated feet off the couch and closed the gap between them, throwing him arms around his friend's neck. For a moment, John was afraid that Jasper wasn't going to react, but slowly, his arms came up to circle around the younger boy's back.
“Ugh, I should have known you’d show your snout here at some point,” Sherlock grumbled, squeezing his hands around the glass until his knuckles turned white.
"You might want to rinse it out," Jasper cautioned. "Dad might have some kind of mouldy stuff growing in there, or summat."
Sherlock watched her for a moment longer, remembering every line of her that he could. He wouldn’t kiss her. No, that would have to be initiated at a different time, when they both weren’t high on a moment and standing in the dark. He released her and stepped away, knowing that if he didn’t, Irene might appear outside and throttle him for defiling her headliner right before a set.
The electricity was there when their eyes locked, consuming and magnetic, and John knew then what he'd known before.
John stared with wide eyes, unable to swallow past the lump in his throat, but Jasper looked unimpressed by the whole ordeal, eyes rolling as he tapped the button on the remote to change the channel.
"It's fine," Sherlock bit out in deep annoyance, not backing away from the stare down he and Lestrade were currently engaged in. "He won't be here for much longer."
"...Uh... Sherlock, I- I didn't...," John stammered, unsure what to say now that he had Sherlock on the phone, waiting for him to state his reason for calling, but here John was, stammering like a fool.
“Alright, look, you two prats finally got yourselves together and I can admit, I had my fair share of curiosity. Doesn't mean I want to shag either of you.”
“Where?” Her heart was pounding away in her chest as she thought of seeing her baby boy after six years, all of which she spent using whatever remnants of faith she had left praying for John’s safe return.
Then, it was years later and Sherlock hadn't touched a drug in some time, but all the same, that endless bright light was within his reach.
Abandoned without explanation, John watched his hasty retreat with somber eyes. In the low light of the moon, John realized it might be his last night of peace. He stayed outside until the shadows grew long, before the call of sleep pulled him away.
Sex was meant to be boring and so disappointingly human, yet Sherlock eventually became a slave to it as so many others were.
Getting home to Lewisham from the wharf took the better part of an hour. By the time John left Holmes Pharmaceutical, the streets were congested with people leaving the city. It took four tries to flag down a cab, and once he did, John sidled into the backseat with a heavy sigh.
Well, guess that was that then. Holmes was royally cross with John, and Janine would be leaving in half an hour at 16.00. Which meant he would be alone with Holmes for a full hour before he could go home. Before lunch, the prospect would have excited John, and now, he didn't know what to expect from the capricious man.
Already, John felt himself rapidly disconnecting as the imminence of loss crept closer by the second. Sherlock stood beside him, a tall, grave silhouette in his posh coat. John missed him already.
John was deliberately taunting him, waiting for Sherlock to lash out or react in a desired fashion. Sherlock was aching, and at this point, he would do just about anything to have John inside of him.
Sherlock glared, stepping back as he noticed Lestrade eyeing the child in his arms as if he weren't safe with him. "I've done nothing, Lestrade. Now if you don't mind-".
John scurried off Sherlock's lap and sank down to his knees between the 'V' of Sherlock's legs. The man was challenging him, he could see the spark of it in his ever-present gaze, and John was thrilled at the prospect.
A loud bang emitted from the room, startling him from his contemplation, and John shifted uncomfortably, wondering if it was probably wise to come back another time. "You're a terrible liar, Wilkes. I'll give you until the end of the week to vacate the premises." It was silent for a moment before Holmes' voice filled the room once more, soft and cold. "Oh Sebastian, you have no idea the lengths I would go to get what I want. And what I want right now is you out of that building. You have until the end of the week."
Sherlock compliments John on his trousers, and the boy is thrilled that he is being treated like an adult. His mouth is moving, and Sherlock is his captive audience, hanging onto every word from that lovely mouth.
“What, Sherlock-,” John began, opening his mouth to admonish the older man. He hadn't even finished his tea yet.
He eyed his sock drawer across the room, thinking of the platinum bracelet and wondering if that would be good enough.
“Fuck yes,” the man grunted, and Sherlock shoved his head down into the pillow, resentful as the illusion was shattered.
Even with Mycroft’s vast amount of resources and connections, nothing more could have been done to rid the world of Jim Moriarty, short of assassination (which had also crossed Sherlock’s mind). However, Sherlock was sure that as Moriarty’s largest competitor in the pharmaceutical industry and the publicity of their rivalry, no court would have trouble believing him to be behind it.
Slowly, he pushed the doors shut, and turned to see Sherlock looming over him, waiting to read his wary thoughts. It was so much, and yet, it all made sense. Sherlock was very much a controlling man with a dominant personality. From the way the man had taken him apart so thoroughly in the early hours, to his constant need to just know everything, it should have all been so obvious.
"What I mean," he spoke softly, crisply pronunciating each word. Holmes leant forward until he was nearly touching noses with John, "is when the time comes—and it will eventually, make no mistake of that, John Watson—you won't be able to sit for
Sarah shook her head slowly, clearing the cobwebs, and John crossed his arms over his chest, on the edge of defiance. He could feel Sarah’s disappointment like a physical presence, could see it in the way she refused to let the words tumble past her lips, the inward dip of her brows and the tense contraction of her jaw.
Lestrade and Sally followed, in much the same condition as their leader, but John hesitated behind them. Something felt wrong about this; his instincts were pulling him in the opposite direction. The hunters were never this sloppy.
In the quiet of the dank basement, John thought of the hunters and their screams as they were ripped apart by a vicious pack. He thought of the screams of his own kin as they were murdered and how he just barely escaped unscathed. There was nothing to go back to now; there would be nowhere else to go once he was released, no one to stand with him against the hunters.
Sherlock smiled in a way that seemed more like dissimulation than reassurance. What was he thinking?
"No one you need to worry your pretty little head over, dear," she purred, throaty and low, "but just for the sake of keeping things cordial, the name's Irene. Irene Adler."
Sherlock loomed in the door like a shadow man, swallowing light like a black hole. His voice, when he spoke, was deep and commanding. "I want this door open at all times, understood?"
John bristled in annoyance, but allowed his eyes to drift back to his kin. The attempt to move forward was slow and clumsy. He felt like he was wading in deep waters, trying to place one foot before the other but his center of gravity was shaky, at best.
"That is an apt conclusion, yes." Sherlock stepped forward until he was the only thing John could see, placing his hands on the smaller man's shoulder to focus his attention. "I'm not in the business of non-consensual sex, John. I cannot possibly engage in this with you if you do not agree. I have to know that you are one hundred percent willing before we proceed with our... relationship."
Before John could say something that could potentially be stupid and thoughtless, Sherlock cut in. "As stimulating as I find this dull little interrogation to be, John and I have prior engagements, if you don't mind."
When the water was ready, John retrieved the tea bag from the drawer in the desk where Janine indicated that she kept Holmes's preferred brand.
John's brows furrowed, and he waited for Sherlock to say more, but the man only watched him in turn, and John scratched the back of his head for lack of anything better to do with his hands. “What are you saying, Sherlock?”
," Sherlock emphasized with his hands, gesturing towards John's plaid button down and denims, "while representing my company."
He pulled John's hips up until his bum was shamelessly on display, spread apart by fingers-turned-claws. Sherlock panted against his arsehole and John, too, struggled to catch his breath.
She closed her eyes, fighting back tears as she thought of getting to hug her son again, touch his face and look into his eyes. And although he wasn’t there in the flesh just yet, her shoulders felt less weighted than they had five minutes before, like she could breathe easier.
Sherlock chuckled and pulled away, reaching for the buttons on his shirt. His eyes never left John’s, heated and sharp, glazed over with a desire John had forgotten was possible in an industry where emotions came fabricated and wrapped in neat little plastic packages who spread their legs willingly and spoke shallow words through their shallow lips. He hadn’t realized how much he missed the authenticity of organic intercourse, foreplay that wasn’t dictated by a director, and unforced attraction.
John turned so that they were chest-to-chest and Sherlock's face was solemn, though his eyes stood out like twin gems. Sapphire, as they always were when Sherlock was passionate about something. "You always say that," John griped, refusing to look away and the satisfaction gleaming in Sherlock's keen gaze made his skin tingle in that familiar way. "Not everyone has a thing for average blokes."
Thank you all for the kudos and comments! You are all so wonderful. Don't be put off if I haven't responded. I've been so busy lately, but please know that I appreciate each and every one of you that have take time out of your day to comment on my story! Anyway, on to the next chapter. It's not a very long one, but be patient. I am laying the groundwork.
Those of you who like to read with music, I mostly just put this song on repeat during the bedroom scene:
"That would be the reason why we're here," the woman, Harry, cut in again, and Sherlock felt a spark of annoyance at the interruption of his perusal. "John," she snapped, and like a good soldier, the man paused in his pacing and came to stand before them.
