One of the ambulances started up down in the courtyard. Sherlock opened his eyes and watched the vehicle as it rapidly drove out through the gate, turning on its lights and siren once it was on the street.
Delicate negotiations had preceded the special mission at Holloway. A skirmish for data. The Canadian secret service CSIS wanted to bring the satellite down. The British government wanted the intelligence that the CSIS had gleaned and evaluated with their confidential M2M information-gathering module. They also wanted the list with the access data for the public buildings in order to close those security gaps. That wasn't what the Candians wanted at all, especially the first part. McDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd., the company that had built the satellite – including the spying components – wanted to prevent an investigation, freedom from prosecution for their employees and management, and a media blackout. The criminal judge in London wanted all of the heads to roll, including those at Interpol. She was backed up by Mycroft, who demanded the merciless exposure of the case. Interpol stipulated that their involvement in the Copernicus project remain under lock and key. The Canadian government insisted on applying Canadian law, the British British law, and Interpol international law.
They walked back down the gravel path to the main building once the sixty minutes were over. Dr Kenny was already waiting for them in her consultation room.
"I told you I want more than sex. I'm sorry, Sherlock. I didn't want to make things more complicated than they are." John reflected. "The truth is: I want you. As a person. As a man. As a partner. That includes physically. You didn't interpret my actions correctly. But I made mistakes too. Maybe I wanted to prove something to myself. I wasn't ready for a step like that yet."
"Yes, everyone's included," he said gently. "But I'll break the rule for you. I'll break all the rules for you if I need to." John was a little shocked to hear himself say that. But he felt so warm and happy with Sherlock's sonorous voice in his ear. Maybe he was just too tired to remain neutral, too worn out by the intense experience in the church.
Sherlock acquiesced. He also accepted the fact that when he took John's hand in his, John just squeezed it briefly before letting go again. They sat with their shoulders leaning against each other. Sherlock was grateful for the pressure and warmth from John's body. He closed his eyes and felt John's agitation, his gloom. Everything had worked out, but the confrontation with Verena Wilmer, the presumed mastermind and person responsible for Mary's death, had gotten to John more than expected. John had been forced to be friendly to her, to smile, to play the doctor, explain the warden's supposed fainting spell, give the all-clear and calm the waters. It had taken all that John had, but he'd done it.
John closed his eyes. There was something hard inside him. Bitterness. Sherlock had played with him, over and over again. Hadn't taken him seriously. Had laughed at him, insulted him. There was a differential. A reserve. He needed to protect himself from Sherlock. There was always a smidgen of mistrust. The only person John trusted entirely was himself. And the Major.
"No." John shook his head, closing himself off from what he was hearing. He didn't want to hear it. He didn't want to think about it. He didn't want to have anything to do with it. It wasn't true. It wasn't true! "Don't drag me into things that have nothing to do with me," he said harshly. "This isn't MY story, it's Ethan's – if it's even true, which I doubt. You're just jealous."
It was utterly still in the ritual chamber. Sherlock and John sat there, wrapped tightly around each other.
Sherlock let it happen, unsettled by the unexpected sensuality of the situation. Let the weather batter his body, force its way into his soul. He thought of John. John. His embrace. The scent of his skin, similar to the dampness of the rain following a long hot spell. Familiar and foreign at the same time, like the storm, fearsome and redemptive both. John. The heat of his passion. Suspected. Hoped. Longed for. Never experienced.
John slid his fingers into Sherlock's hair beneath the blanket, buried his nose in the soft curls, felt himself being embraced a moment later, and returned the gesture.
"Then why do you doubt me?" Sherlock's eyes were wide and tender. "Don't you trust that I can approach the threshhold of these mysteries?"
"Your dear son delivered the goods in her stead, thus making her superfluous, at least in the eyes of the Russian mafia, with whom the Koreans were cooperating."
The campus of McDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd was locked down. The porter looked Sherlock over suspiciously, comparing his face with the photograph on his ID.
John showered and got ready. Mycroft had been quite short with him. He already knew that John had left Sherlock and the address of the B&B where he was staying. To judge by Mycroft's reaction, Sherlock was already at the Rosenfeld Rehab Centre. They'd probably informed Mycroft as his next of kin. And maybe Sherlock had asked his brother to let John know. No matter. Finally he had news of Sherlock, even if it came through Mycroft. They'd made contact. The game was on.
He asked so hesitantly, so incredibly hesitant, that John's heart clenched and then opened wide. Expanded and softened.
A new universe. John bit Sherlock's ear, a helpless, yearning yes. The kiss that followed left no more doubts.
John thought he must have heard wrong. "That's completely out of the question! Why should I leave you?"
Once we have regained mastery over ourselves, we nod to each other. Watson is unusually sober. He packs away the letters and we take a look at the study attached to the victim's bedroom. It is a tight space. We leave the door open this time. Sewing paraphernalia lies on a rough-hewn wooden table, beside it a pile of laundry in need of repair. A basket with yarn. In the corner a chair with a spinning wheel. Approximately a dozen linen bags hang suspended at eye level on two hemp ropes draped over a wooden rod. They are tied shut with linen ribbons, each bearing a label of stiff card attached to the ribbon with a thin hemp string. Written in a lovely bold hand with black ink are the contents of each bag:
Lestrade waved at an extremely good-looking but pale young man leaning on the bonnet of one of the police cars, a woollen blanket over his shoulders, drinking a cola.
John shrugged. "To each his own. I think it depends what's on your mind. If everything's going well, prayers are easy too and can be taken care of at home. When you're under a great deal of stress, you're probably more likely to seek out a place of worship."
John had gone to see Mycroft two days earlier and put the pressure on, twisted his arm behind his back and forced his torso down onto his desk. It hadn't been a problem. Mycroft was a thinker, unsure when it came to using his body. John was a soldier, even now. Still fit, he'd made sure of that. Mycroft had given him this address, noted it down in Cyrillic: Andrej Igorovich Sorokin, somewhere in an outlying district of Yakutsk.
"Friendship IS love, Mr Holmes. But if you're asking whether we had a sexual relationship, then no: we never slept together. He was my friend and teacher."
"John? You're the one who's going to have to go through with this. I'd like to hear your estimation of our chances."
"The witnesses would have recognised her," said Lestrade. "They all said they'd never seen her before."
John opened his eyes and stood up sluggishly. He went over to the bed and sat down next to Sherlock. He looked tired. And with his hair so short now, it was even more clear how thin he was. His head wound had healed well, and his hair would grow back. A lot of it would be grey, that was already clear. Sherlock was no longer able to take as much as he used to. They'd both gotten old.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He leaned back in his chair, tried to relax. He stared at the half-empty glass in front of him for several seconds. There was condensation on the outside from the chill of the water. He reached for it, took a sip. He straightened up in his seat as he set the glass back on the table, deep in thought.
John swallowed, searching the smouldering blue eyes before him. He could feel the pull of the shirt across his chest, Sherlock's fingers twisted in the fabric, the hard bones underneath his own hand, which still lay uncertainly on top. Sherlock's laboured breaths. His throbbing pulse. It took several long seconds until the meaning of what Sherlock was telling him got through to his conscious mind.
John felt at ease in the club. He sat at a round table with scientists from all different specialisations, having a good time. It was fun to talk to intelligent men, to tease and laugh. Everything in the club was so friendly and open and easy-going. The organisation, the rules, the people. John liked Martin straight away. The mathematician was sitting next to him, engaging him in the most entertaining conversation. His dark eyes had an impish gleam. He laughed loud and unabashedly, and had a dark sense of humour that John appreciated. And he was brilliant. Maybe not a genius like Sherlock, but unlike him he was eminently approachable.
I feel for his arm, hold fast to his wrist. He allows it, laying his other hand comfortingly over mine.
"Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you."
"Callum McHattrick, seventy-eight years old, retired professor of pharmacology. He was a don at Cambridge. Club member for fifty-two years. You don't think Callum..."
When Mycroft went out, he went to the Diogenes. Sherlock went over there again. A couple of older gentlemen, but no sign of Mycroft. Damn it! Sherlock left the club, leaned against the classical stone portal, at a loss as to what to do, pressing the palms of his hands against the cold marble behind his back and closed his eyes.
Sherlock drew back the curtain a bit and looked down onto Baker Street. John was returning with the shopping. Twenty minutes. John wouldn't leave him alone longer than that. Sherlock rested his forehead against the window frame and closed his eyes for a moment, listening down the stairwell to hear the front door open. John would want him to eat something. And he'd do it, he'd eat something for John. He'd given up.
I want to look around the victim's house and speak with the children. Waugh takes us across to his place. It is nearly noon by now, and hot. The sun beats down on the narrow path. Waugh's gait is unsteady. Watson shores him up, hooks his arm through Waugh's to stabilise him.
Coerced by his need, Sherlock put his hands on John's neck, in his hair, brushed his lips down John's hot neck, licked John's skin in a mindless delirium. John gasped. He tasted of storms and fulfillment. Of infernos and paradise. Of frenzies and profound peace. John's lips. Sherlock paused, surprised. John hands on his cheeks. He was holding Sherlock's head. John's fingers caressing his face, his hair. John's eyes. So close. John's lips just millimetres from his. A hot stream of breath.
"I want to pray. Let me pray. Leave me alone. Please." The man's voice wavered, threatening to break.
Baker Street was still there. Their flat. Daily activities. John was there. Still there. Even if everything else seemed to be crumbling away. Their world had shrunk to the few square metres of their flat, where they locked themselves in, locked the rest of the world out. They didn't have a choice. They needed that protection. Sherlock felt as if he'd been burned, as if an inferno had burned away all of his skin, his bare, naked skin an open wound that stung beyond all reason and that couldn't stand anything on it, not even the merest puff of wind. Nothing was allowed to get close to him, to touch him. Except John. John was his balm and his protection. Him and the flat. Any outside contact was impossible. There was only one thing for them to do: wait. Wait and survive. Wait and hope that healing would set in.
John held fast to the dark head of hair, preventing Sherlock's lips from touching him again. Their eyes mere centimetres apart, gazes locked. Sherlock tried to get away, but John held him in an iron grip. They watched each other, both of their chests heaving. A smirk on Sherlock's lips.
John considered returning to his room; waiting and giving Sherlock space. But then he didn't. He pushed away from the door frame and entered the darkened room, heart pounding, feeling his way more than seeing it, slowly, still hesitant, all his senses on edge. The thick, black air of the overheated room stuck to his lungs; the smell of Sherlock was so dominant he could hardy breathe.
Sherlock searched the woman's incredibly lucid eyes, the deep serenity, the smile they contained. She and John were watching each other, a message Sherlock wasn't included in, one he couldn't comprehend. John's fingers still firmly ensconced in the material of his sleeve.
Her question irritated him. He didn't answer it. Sherlock only had him. They lived together. They belonged together. Most people thought they were a couple. He'd stopped denying it. It came fairly close to the truth. They were a couple, even if their relationship didn't quite line up with what others might think.
Perhaps he senses my short-lived shock at my own daydreams; or perhaps it is merely my gaze lingering – for far too long – on his face. I delight in the faint curl of his lips, the smile that forms because he has become aware of me and no longer wishes to conceal it. His eyes open lazily, he turns his head and looks at me. A profound tranquility in the grey.
John wasn't entirely sure what Sherlock wanted. All he could feel was his own desire and the almost hysterical hunger of his friend, who seemed to have discovered something.
John dug his hands into the pillows, his body writhed, and Sherlock gave in to his own desire and took John's cock into his mouth, licked and sucked on it carefully, let it slide through his hand, ran his tongue over it, let himself be swept up in the heat, felt John, every twitch, his tension, his increasing fire. John's breath, his moans, the smell of sweat mixing with the scent of the shower gel.
So much that can't be said. So much that was never put into words, and that never will be. Words are not enough. Words will never be enough.
Sherlock took a shower and dressed with care for dinner at One Twenty One Two at the Horseguards. It was the first time they were going to get together outside their flat since their relationship had moved to the next level. Sherlock was looking forward to it.
It was a masterful piece of camouflage. A large, red-stained diamond in the middle of the crucifux, around it fragments of a second diamond, likewise stained red, which had been fractured into pieces. High-quality craftsmanship working them into the silver of the crucifix; professional.
Martin had smiled and said to him: "What happened in the ritual room had nothing to do with me. But this does. You're always welcome, you know."
"Waugh's grief is profound, Holmes. He seems quite shaken and does not give the appearance of a greedy man."
It was after 10 PM. John had let him know ahead of time. Once a month was his turn for the weekly  evening consultations that the doctors at the surgery took it in turns to cover.
"That you didn't become a priest," Sherlock elaborated. "Now that you've moved in those circles, said the prayers. All those things that used to be important to you."
Greg chewed on his lip. "No. They got away. They were already gone when we got to the boathouse. That's why I'm here. I need more information. What exactly did you hear, Sherlock?"
"According to the autopsy, your colleague was killed around midnight. You were back in the rectory by that time."
John might have left his hand on Sherlock's shoulder longer, but the mobile phone next to the laptop buzzed. The display showed it was Greg. Sherlock quickly reached for the phone, and John removed his hand.
"A bayonet. Maybe a sabre. A short sword. The wound is so precise and smooth that it must have been done with very sharp, high-quality steel." John sat down on the couch with his food. The curry was hot and pleasantly spicy. John was hungry.
John sat on his chair, pale and silent, his expression one of deep concern. Ella had kept him away from Sherlock. Sherlock signalled him with his eyes that everything was all right. John nodded back, barely perceptibly. His eyes remained anxious and worried.
John allowed himself to be led more than walking over on his own, stopped mutely in front of the bench. He was shocked by the piteous sight Sherlock presented. Shy, watery blue eyes looked up at him. Sherlock's lips formed a soundless 'John'.
"That," John said softly, his voice raw, "is why touching you isn't so simple. It has consequences. My body reacts to you."
Sherlock's musings were interrupted when the doctor asked who Mary Watson's husband was, and then refused to give any information with Sherlock present.
"The guard didn't let anyone in. Nor did the staff. We had strict orders. You're the only ones." After a short period of silence, she said, "I'll leave you alone with him now. If you need anything, you can find me in the doctors' lounge."
Sherlock went into his bedroom but didn't turn the light on. The ambient light from the street that seeped into the room between the thick blackout curtains was enough to orient himself by. John lay curled up on the right-hand edge of the bed. He appeared to be sound asleep. Sherlock sat down on the left side. John had made room. Sherlock didn't know whether it was intentional or not. He'd wanted to sleep on the couch in the living room, but he gratefully stretched out on the free side of the bed. The painkillers started to kick in, the burning pain in his arm became duller, faded slowly into the background.
"Sherlock! We just moved in yesterday! You can't be serious about letting him drag you right back to London."
Sherlock flopped down onto the couch next to John, dropped his head into John's lap and closed his eyes. John's hand immediately went to his hair, automatic. John's other hand on his stomach. Sherlock took it in his own hands, felt John relax.
Sherlock didn't say anything. John ordered mineral water on the rocks with a twist and took a big sip. The liquid flowed down his throat, leaving a palpably cold trail in his body. He felt refreshed. Lemon. Good. He was thirsty.
Boon's farm does not deserve the title. It is a small, pitiful patch of land. It stinks from afar of the three pigs wallowing in the muck in a narrow enclosure beside the house. Chickens scatter apart, cackling, as we drive up. A dog barks at us. It is a black-and-white border Collie that promptly falls silent and complies when a woman steps out of the house and calls it back. The woman is holding a butcher knife, wiping her bloody hands on her apron. We seem to have distubed her during an unpleasant chore.
"Of course I'm going, John! If anything is going to happen, it will be there. Margret and Dave are involved in this Celtic Circle, a coven that celebrates Celtic festivals. They've invited me along, even though there hasn't been any intercourse yet. Maybe we're wrong about that. Or there simply wasn't enough time."
He gave the baby back to John. He didn't dare to move the arm she was resting on. John accommodated him, carefully reclaiming the child. Their arms touched during the maneouvre, their fingers brushed; their gazes. Sherlock inhaled John's familiar scent, just briefly, mixed with milk, vanilla, honey. John smiled at him again before returning the newborn to the cot. That warmth, there was still that warmth in his eyes.
Sherlock needed a moment to gather himself following the complicated fourth part of the intermezzo, before Variation 4 with its crazy tempo. Then he swept through the runs, let the notes fly and tumble, and saw John smile. Sherlock moved quickly on to Variation 5. The most difficult one. A fractured structure an a glimpse into the depths. A beat measured in seconds. The theme dissolved. An existential sparsity. The conclusion a single note.
The fish pond is fed by an underground source. It is clear and cool. Old Dugan, who owns the property, set out trout many years ago. They keep the pond clean of other vermin. We sometimes bathe here, Watson and I, when we are in Sussex. We would like to move here at some point, when we are older. I have purchased the cottage at which we put up, and lease it out to Matt Walton and his wife to manage. He also tends to the bees.
John sank down beside him, onto his knees, so careful. Arms wrapped around Sherlock and Rosie. Cautious and gentle. John's breath. John's sobs. A gush of dampness. John's hand running tenderly over Rosie's head, John burying his face in his daughter's hair for a long while. John's hand in Sherlock's sweat-soaked hair, rough now, perhaps clumsy, holding his head as he pressed his forehead to Sherlock's temple. John's breath. John's tears. John's lips, his whole face pressed up against Sherlock's damp skin. A choked "Sherlock," the motion of his lips palpable on his cheek. The flood of tears. John's and his.
"I need that list along with anyone else Mary had contact with. In person, email, Skype, phone. Anything you can find. Can you do that?"
A dog? There was a dog barking somewhere. And voices. Sherlock awoke from a deep lethargy. He was soaked with sweat. His eyes burned when he cracked them open. Rosie was stuck to him. She had her thumb in her mouth and was asleep, surrounded by a haze of dampness and a mildly sweet scent Sherlock had already become accustomed to. A man in a uniform stood in front of them in a halo of sunlight.
"The showers are in the cellar. There's hot water from six to ten every morning and evening. You're just in time."
"Who's there?" That was Martin. John thought feverishly whether he should react, and how. But then Martin asked, "Is that you, John?"
Sherlock didn't say anything. He took a deep breath and lay back against the pillows. He stared up at the ceiling. Muscles twitched in his face. He bit down on both his lips and blinked when water gathered in the corners of his eyes. John ran his hand through Sherlock's short, stubbly hair. It both touched him and gave him a certain sense of satisfaction to see that Sherlock was hit by the reproach, maybe also by the harsh tone; that he was crying. John was still furious at him, and to some extent unforgiving. He was hurting Sherlock. Not intentionally, but he'd hit the mark. It was revenge, and it wasn't okay. Not this way. John knew that, and he felt sorry, even if he hadn't been able to control it. There needed to be other ways, and they'd need to work on those. Sherlock was weakened by his injuries and the medication. Physically and psychologically. This was a bad time for things like this.
"Thank you, John," he said. "What you've told me about my father is important to me. I understand him better now. He is a difficult person, isn't he? I often thought he must be lonely. But now I know that you are there for him. And have been for a long time. Thank you for that."
"I'm not your partner," Martin whispered. "I'm just his proxy. That's important. We both know it. But I can't cool us off any more, John. If this is the only path, then take it."
John moved in his arms, nestled in closer to him so that his hard genitals pushed into Sherlock's. A swell of heat chased through Sherlock's body, finding an immediate echo in John, who moaned softly, pressing up against Sherlock in a short, uncontrolled surge of lust, just for a moment, only to calm again when Sherlock didn't respond, instead surrendering to the embrace, adjusted himself, making them both comfortable. For him: for Sherlock.
The birds on the overhead power lines were restless. They flew up as John approached the club. A black cloud rising into the sky, a spiraling circle, higher and higher. Capricious changes of direction before the backdrop of the dark rainclouds, sudden and unmotivated, as if an invisible finger had reached into the swarm. John didn't pay any attention to them.
Sherlock observed John. He'd got thin. Distinctly older and quieter. The choleric high spirits had faded to pensive solemnity. Perhaps resignation. The care with which he straightened the flowers in the vase. How often had he brought Mary flowers already? The helpless gesture was all that remained. An attempt to memorialise a past love with an outward sign. A useless action. Sherlock could recall the precise moment when John had come to him on Baker Street and wept bitterly. Broken. Disappointed in himself. A traitor to his own ideals. To his love for his wife. To his respect for the mother of his child. To his loyalty toward his friend. John had betrayed Mary. Would have cheated on her sexually too, if Eurus's perfidious game hadn't led to her cover being blown. The woman on the bus.
Father Conley had wrapped the cassock around the despairing priest and led him into the sacristy, one arm around his shoulder and the other holding the rest of his clothes.
"It's not a single perpetrator, John," he said softly. "It doesn't add up. There are at least two. And it reaches far back into the past. What do you know about Callum?"
"Oh yes it is," John said. "It most certainly is! I was at the Dossen lodge today, and I handed over the plans to four men from EADS. So where is Sherlock?"
That serenity in counting out the seconds, dividing the astronomical day into 86,400 equal parts, making them measurable. But that wasn't it. It also wasn't the caesium-33 atom that defined the atomic second. It was the sixty beats per minute. The pulse of the human body. The measure of deep relaxation, rest and composure.
When their lips reached for each other again, there was such a deep desire and tenderness in the act that Sherlock felt light-headed. He gave himself over when John pushed him gently down onto his back so that he could extend his injured leg off to the side. He surrendered to the overwhelming feeling of utter abandon and absolute trust. He stretched his body out under John's loving hands, drunkenly returning the intimate kisses, enjoying the slow, lascivious rhythm with which John rubbed against his thigh while John's hand stroked him, driving him into an intoxicating ecstasy, red-hot and unerring.
Sherlock was on edge when he finished the piece. He played it over and over, unable to find anything he could change, anything he might have worked on. He paced back and forth in the living room. Back and forth. Back and forth. The clock on the wall held him back.
When their lips touched, it was so gentle, so incredibly tender, that Sherlock thought for a moment he was going to faint. The frantic hunger was gone. There was something else now as their lips brushed, tested, moved against each other, careful, seeking. Something more personal. Deeply intimate. Private. Loving. Something meaningful that belonged only to them. Just the two of them. They latched onto each other cautiously, expressed their devotion through nuzzling touches. Longing. It was longing. Longing for each other.
He nods unhappily but leaves, pushing the cursing cheesemaker before him up the worn stone stairs. The priest, wife, and children have already fled. I close the heavy oaken door behind them. The cheesemaker's curses are audible on the other side, and then all is still. John has wordlessly examined the body in the meantime. He looks up now, something like amusement in his grey eyes.
"I'm almost positive the Rosenfeld Centre is the right trail," he mused as he wiped the rosin dust off the hairs of the bow. "That's why I'd like to go in to investigate. It's July. Lestrade's afraid the next murder might happen next month."
John straightened and sat up on the pew, gaining some distance. He waited until Sherlock joined him after a couple of minutes and met his eye.
"The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me …"
"He left his family for Davide." Sherlock had resumed his restless journey around the room. "But that doesn't make sense as a motive."
The blowing of the wind in the leaves of the trees. A light undercurrent of sound awoke beneath the plainsong. A storm. And the victory of peace and security over frenzied motion. Sherlock let a few seconds pass, switched out the sheet music before starting in on the intermezzo. Calm. Knowing that the tightly packed piece could only be comprehended as a whole if he made space for each of the four parts. Sherlock didn't look up as he played the simple line, the tone warm, a faint trembling from the bow, from his hand, unintentional, and he let it happen as it was.
He'd been at the Yard that morning and Lestrade had a new case for him. A small one, but it was welcome in light of his emotional situation. Any distraction was good. He'd be present when the witness was interrogated tomorrow afternoon. John wasn't working tomorrow morning, and they had a long evening to themselves. Sherlock wanted to go out with John, wanted to be surrounded by people. Wanted to enjoy his happiness. Outside. Before the eyes of others. In real life. Before he threw himself into the case the following day.
, in a scientific archive at Cambridge University. Dated 1582. I wonder what it meant to Father Johnston. Does the brotherhood still exist? Johnston also wore a ring that's disappeared. On the middle finger of his left hand."
Sherlock looked away from Molly, over at the young pathologist who was dissecting a liver with her and currently staring at Sherlock. Then Sherlock sought out Molly's dark eyes, glittering like two polished buttons.
He came over to him, pulled him into the room, closed the door behind him, and took the heavy, wet backpack. A brief, hesitant hug.
Sherlock waited at the exit by the ticket gates on the arrival platform. He stood back, leaving some space between the exit and himself, positioned himself by the back wall of a sandwich stand. He wanted some time when John came through the gate and saw him, when they saw each other. A few steps at least, a couple of seconds to collect himself.
"Not yet. We assume the accomplices who got away don't know yet that the third man's dead. Nothing's leaked to the press and it looks like the deceased lived alone. We went in quietly when we searched his flat. We didn't need to break in since he had the key on him. We also didn't seal it up afterwards so the neighbours don't get alarmed. We assume the other kidnappers will try to contact him at some point."
John took her from him and brought her to the kitchen table, settled her in the high chair, tied the bib around her neck, and placed the bowl with the mash in front of her. She ate whatever John spooned into her mouth without any resistance, changing off with the whole wheat crackers and banana slices John had set out for her too, which she stuffed into her mouth with her fingers. She wiggled cheerfully at the same time, laughing at Sherlock.
Their eyes met. Then Sherlock asked something John hadn't expected at all, sober and cautious: "Why does it work with Martin and not with me?"
He closed his eyes. Tried to breathe. He covered his face with both hands. He was shaking like a leaf. He struggled desperately for air. The contents of the vessel welled up from the depths of the darkness, a horrible, viscous blackness, a writhing, hissing cloud that enveloped and suffocated him. Sherlock struggled to breathe, but his throat was closed off. His chest was walled off. He sucked air into his lungs with a rattling gasp. He was shaken by dry sobs. The thick black mass twisted inexorably up out of him, adhering to him and blocking his airways. Sherlock cried out, horrified to hear the miserable, grating sound squeezing its way out of his larynx. He also heard Ella's voice, as if at a great distance, speaking calmly to John: "Stay in your chair, John. Let him be."
Sherlock fell silent, confused. He didn't know what to say. He hadn't expected the question. Didn't know what to do with it. He'd manoeuvred himself into a situation he wasn't able to handle. John had misunderstood his message.
Sophie was alive. And she was safe. Mycroft had made sure of it, together with Rose. Neither John nor Sherlock knew where she was. It was part of the security concept that as few people as possible knew.
Martin took a deep breath. It was completely silent in the dark ritual chamber. Martin's breath was the only thing to be heard, a deep sigh. He seemed to sense something, seemed to be struggling against something or someone.
Sherlock didn't speak for a long time. He seemed to be thinking, ran both hands tiredly over his face. Then he turned to John.
"You play clarinet?" Sherlock formulated it as a question, quite unnecessarily. He could see it, he'd heard it. Taken note of it. There was no alternative, no second person in John's room who might have been playing. What a ridiculous question! But he was too surprised, too confused to say anything sensible.
A sin? His body lay broken in the coffin, committed to decay. A suicide. Without any right to the sacraments of the church. But that did not matter. A love existed with which he had sanctified me, and I would sanctify him with the same. Completely and unconditionally.
"You need to have something in the house when John gets here. He'll be hungry and thirsty from the trip. Don't forget to make tea, Sherlock."
In the afternoon, John helped on the neurological ICU, participated in meetings, absorbed information and knowledge until he was full. When he fell into bed at night, he was dead tired from all the impressions and encounters, and he became painfully aware that he didn't have anyone he could talk to, who he could share things with, not even silently. The way he and Sherlock sometimes just sat near each other in the living room, each on his own laptop, not speaking, yet together.
"Good. I'm going to open your sacral and root chakras. That will open your body up for love and for sexuality. Just remain entirely calm and feel. Nothing will happen that isn't meant to happen. Are you ready?"
The victim was from a well-to-do family and moved to the village from Birmingham four years ago when she married. The young widower, James Waugh, whose first wife died while giving birth to their second child, had needed a mother for the children. It was no love match. She knew nothing of farming, but apparently quite a lot about horses, and had soon taken to attending the cattle market with the local men in an advisory capacity. That made her suspicious to the womenfolk. But then she had solicited guidance from the neighbour ladies, and under their direction had laid out quite the lovely garden, thus gaining herself a couple of friends. Still, she had never been popular in the village, even if it had spoken in her favour how lovingly she took on the children of her predecessor, how attentive she was in raising them. She herself had had no issue.
"Lestrade will probably figure it out, he knows the file. Everyone else will back us up by believing it and stating as much."
John went straight to room 209. He opened the door carefully and peeked inside. Four beds with patients in them. They all seemed to be asleep. Hospital smell. No one else in the room. He went in, went over to the bed at the back. Irene Adler. John felt a pinch in his heart when he thought about meeting her the first time. She'd been naked, Sherlock had been fascinated by the provocation and impertinence.
But he'd saved John. He'd saved John from the well. John, who had found Victor's bones and brought them to the surface. Who had allowed Victor to be found. In every sense.
John felt the blood drain from his face. He stared at Sherlock, who had fallen silent in the middle of his sentence. Maybe because he'd seen John's reaction. It was deathly silent. Only the gas heater. And the television, somewhere in the building. Mary. Mary and the unborn baby. Something rose in John's craw. He was afraid he was going to throw up again, fought hard against the nausea. He'd lost his footing completely. Everything in his life, everything dissolved into a mirage that was slipping away underneath his feet.
"We're not wasting it on nothing," Mycroft said in his defense. "Mine stands in the service of the security of our country. And Sherlock's as well, if in a different capacity."
"Not others," Sherlock corrected him. "Only you and Celine. She's coming early tomorrow to bring me a new passport, a new identity. I won't be Sherlock Holmes anymore."
I consider what I should say to him. Watson is right. I know he is. I started fighting my body when I was young, long before the Doctor entered my life. I was always aware of the fact that the male body does not necessarily prefer that which guarantees offspring. I myself am the best proof of that. I know of what Watson speaks. He may have experienced something similar. And yet his mind is open enough to recognise what is fact. Mine is not. I am ashamed of what my Doctor has had to say to me.
They'd washed up together, cleared everything away, stepped outside the door and took in some of the fresh night air, had a look at what the weather was doing, the rain. Sherlock had checked the gutter drain, had run out and come back in from the wet night, dripping, drops in his hair, smiling, their hands had touched, their shoulders grazed as they turned in the doorway to go back into the cabin. Intention or coincidence. The air crackled between them. They had the cabin all to themselves. They had time. They had each other.
He swallowed, and John was afraid for a moment that he was starting to cry again. But Sherlock only lifted his head and looked at John with reddened eyes.
"They fixed up her corpse. And it is a corpse. The people here are able to determine that. And the surveillance cameras recorded what happened in the cell at 9:27 this morning."
"London number. LD58 CFY. Registered in October 2008. A black Ford. Two men in the front, the driver and a front-seat passenger, Mary and her friend got in the back. They drove west. I informed Mr Holmes immediately as soon as I got back to the room and saw the baby was gone and none of the nursing staff knew anything about it."
"Is there any explanation for the fever?" Sherlock asked. He stood at the foot of the bed, pale, his expression closed off. His voice sounded hard.
They'd been sitting at the Suffolk Constabulary station for hours now. John looked at the information board with all of the connections and correlations Sherlock had laid out. The board was full of pictures and notes. A huge mind map. Reaching back, far back into the past. Back to Phil Salisbury's father. A good fifty-two years ago. Jonathan Salisbuy. Professor of Pharmacology at Cambridge and doctoral advisor to an extraordinary student, barely twenty-six years old at the time: Callum McHattrick. His dissertation on a rather spectacular topic: "The Library of Lucius Krambold: Science and Mythology in 18th-Century Pharmacology". It included a description of a strange recipe.
John goggled. Sherlock and thank you? Sherlock didn't so much as look up from the computer, didn't allow himself to be distracted. But he'd said thank you. Had apparently noticed that John had brought him food. That was new. As was the fact that Sherlock set aside his research a couple of seconds later, reached for the plastic utensils, and ate. Not much. But he shoveled a few forkfuls into his mouth and ate with apparent gusto. Something had changed after all. John couldn't help smiling.
John turned his head to look at him. Sherlock still sat tensely beside him, very clearly ill at ease. His blue-eyed gaze flitted briefly over John.
"Splitting hairs," Greg remarked. "It's the same to me, ritual or suicide. Dead is dead and accessory is accessory."
John let himself be pulled along, let himself be pushed into the lift, steered through the cafeteria, through the chatting hospital staff drinking their breakfast coffee, through the tired doctors and nurses having something to eat and drink after a rough night shift, through the aromas of coffee and fresh pastries. John didn't seem to notice any of it.
Sherlock lay awake a long time. It was concerning to him that his desire was so uncontrollable, that John had triggered it so quickly and easily, simply by his presence. John both awakened his passion and satisfied it. To a degree he'd never imagined, in a way that involved not only his body, but his entire being. His lifestyle, his understanding of himself, his very thoughts. He'd suspected for a while now that this dimension might be at play between them, but now the magnitude of the situation knocked him for a loop. He wondered at the fact that he could enjoy his own desire so freely. John had uncovered a hidden side to him, had ushered in a new, fascinating chapter in his life. Had conquered every part of him that he'd always considered impregnable. All of him.
"No, it isn't. It was suicide. Your sister suffered from a serious psychosis. It's not unusual for people with that illness to kill themselves."
Just then, the jets started producing bubbles again, the lights went up, and the three elderly ladies roused from their doze and looked over at them. Sherlock moved away from John and swam away, out into the still waters of the swimming basin. John hung back, trying to cool himself down in the refreshing bubbles, leaned back and closed his eyes with a smile. Sherlock certainly was a bundle of surprises now that he'd begun to expand his love of experimentation to a new area of expertise.
Lestrade slowly shook his head, his lips pressed together. He met Sherlock's eye resolutely as he said, "I never want to have to regret that I didn't do everything, and I mean absolutely everything, to save a child's life."
John slipped through the Lover's entrance, quick and silent, pressed immediately back against the wall. It was quiet. The only sound was breathing, and the air smelled of humans. Were there more people in the room? Damn it! John hadn't thought of that. His pulse was racing. He felt an alarmed attention directed at him. He'd been found out.
"Yeah. Yeah, I know. Sorry. It was such a crazy dream, you know? I can't shake it. I'm sorry. Let's go back to sleep."
Sherlock lifted his head. Tender, wounded, icy blue eyes sought John's. Silence reigned between them for the space of several heartbeats. John searched the familiar eyes. The eyes of his partner. He saw the hurt, no question, but he wasn't willing to respond to it.
"Stean lived in the rectory next door, just a few steps away. He was the parish priest, it was more or less his church. It makes sense that he went there to pray. He also had a certain responsibility toward the building and his congregation."
"Damn it, Sherlock. I trusted you. Trust. Do you know what that means? Do you even know what trust is?"
"Oh, before I forget," John said. "About the variations: you dedicated them to me and gave them to me, but you still hold the copyright, yeah?"
Sherlock froze. Through the open kitchen door, his eyes fell on the baby bottle with the remains of the formula. Food. It would have been possible to put something in the baby's food to make her cranky, even in pain, something that would prevent her falling asleep at any rate.
He was still sitting in the furthest corner of the Baer, his wine glass in front of him. The restaurant was almost empty by now. There were just a couple of locals left at their usual table playing cards. Night had fallen outside. John hadn't been able to make himself go up to their room. He'd wanted to wait until it was likely that Sherlock had fallen asleep. Right now it looked like the likelihood of that was approximately zero.
Eurus turned around. Her expression was serious. "I solved the case," she said reproachfully. "But I want something in return."
They remained prone until the concluding ritual was complete. Only then did John sense movement to both sides of him. He accepted the hands helping him up with care, drawing him in close to warm bodies. Surprised, John let it happen. Everyone hugged, still and silent, every single one. It was almost completely dark in the choir space. Only a few candles were still burning. The men smelled foreign. Some warm and pleasant. Others piquant. The embraces were strong, lingering, and resolute.
And since the man across the table from him didn't respond to that, he added: "I know. It's not easy for me either." He didn't look at John as he said it.
Sherlock had come into the kitchen and joined them at the table. He had nothing else to do, and it seemed appropriate to help John with the little girl, even if there wasn't really anything to help with. John had everything under control, and so did Rosie.
"He's always belonged to me," Sherlock answered impatiently, his tone of voice making it clear that he didn't intend to say anything more on the subject.
This corridor smelled different. Light, with a hint of sweetness. Colourful pictures on the walls. Sherlock stopped in front of a huge bulletin board. Birth announcements. Every baby looked identical to the next. More or less.
In all of the files, that was the only spider that matched the security guard's description. Sherlock tacked the dead man's name and the picture of the tattoo to the pinboard, and put two copies of the spider picture in his coat pocket.
They struggled their way through the Mass ordinary, prayed through it on their knees. John translated the ancient Latin texts for Sherlock, explaining what they were about. They sat on the floor, on top of the woollen blankets, sometimes on the steps of the steep staircase. They walked around the shadowy room, moving to warm themselves up as they talked. Sherlock seemed to start to enjoy analysing the unfamiliar texts, even if he was mostly picking them apart and comparing them with other data in his mind palace, rather than simply accepting them. Whenever one of the other priests was there, he switched modes and became as pious as a lamb.
Sherlock didn't respond. He sat there stiff and ramrod straight in the wooden pew, jiggling his knee nervously. An automatic reaction when he was tense. John knew Sherlock didn't do it on purpose, but it still irked him. He rested his hand on Sherlock's knee.
John took off his wet jacket, shoes and socks, trousers, jumper, and the soaked t-shirt underneath. Even his underwear was wet. John just took everything off, slipped into the dry clothes Sherlock had prepared for him, warm from the fire. Laid out for him. Set in front of the fire so they would be warm and dry when he arrived. It was like a... dream?
Time to let go. The blue gemstone. Sherlock tossed it out. A gift to the water. The small white stones as well. They'd been more valuable than diamonds once, the currency of a happy pirate. Now they belonged to the river. The limestone seal too. Bluebeard with the kraken. Wasn't that the fate of every pirate on the seas? The metal button. The glass marbles. Seashells. Snail shells. Sherlock threw all of his treasures out into the water. And the water took them. Took them away. Swallowed them up. The photograph of Victor too. Sherlock tore it up into little pieces before handing it over to the water. He watched the tiny scraps of paper for a while as they drifted away. The bird bones. Sherlock looked around. He placed the delicate little bones on a large, flat rock near the meadow. Bird bones are hollow and as light as feathers. The wind would carry them away.
Sherlock continued to stand there, not moving, where John had stopped pulling him. He was still staring absentmindedly into space. His lips parted just a crack. His pale eyes flashed restively. John placed himself directly in front of Sherlock and looked at him. He was still holding his friend's arm, Sherlock's muscles tight underneath the material of the coat. John shook him. Sherlock's body was stiff.
No more. No less. The willingness to give your life. It hadn't been just theory, back then in Afghanistan, no mere sentiment. It had been their daily routine. The most valuable and at the same time the most unnecessary thing you could give. Life. Friendship and sacrifice, realised in each and every moment. Omnipresent.
The grab from behind came out of the blue. Cloth pressed over John's mouth and nose. The pungent smell of chlorine jabbed into his brain. He tried desperately to free himself from the stranglehold, but it was strong and unyielding and it was too late.
The street lights outside shone through the curtains, casting the room in a diffuse glow. John stared up at the ceiling. He kept thinking about that moment. That single moment in which Sherlock had decided to come to him. So much courage. So much trust. Or desperation? John took a deep breath. He was tired. He should really go to sleep. Let go of all these thoughts and worries. Accept Sherlock the way he was. Not think about it so much. At the end of the day, there was only one thing that mattered. Only one single fact he was prepared to accept responsibility for and face up to: Sherlock had a sexual side, and he'd brought it to John.
I do not know yet. There are too many pieces, too many loose pieces in my head. They form pictures. More than one. Motives. Several. But none are definitive. I need to think it over. I need to think it over more carefully. Even more carefully. I need to look more closely. To analyse and put the pieces together.
John swallowed. It was better to say nothing. All those things in the background. Irene. Sergej. The Koreans. The data. The injuries. Sherlock squeezed his hand.
Sherlock hadn't expanded on it, hadn't even looked at John, preferring to hail a cab and get in. John had remained standing outside.
John didn't have a chance to answer. Sherlock's mouth captured his, and warm, hard fingertips stroked his burgeoning groin.
Rose Granby was not the woman who had picked Mary up at the hospital. She was the mastermind in the background. She was older, maybe forty, a highly intelligent and experienced individual with an intimate knowledge of all of the usual methods of interrogation, including torture. This was demonstrably not the first time she'd been in a situation like this, and she knew perfectly well that the CSIS wasn't about to sacrifice her. She didn't so much as react to the officers' questions. She repeated her version of events, remaining pleasant yet obdurate, and provided all the information necessary to close the "Holloway shooting" case as quickly as possible. There was nothing more to get out of her. Rose refused to say anything else without explicit permission from the CSIS. Lestrade had already put everything in motion to get an okay from the Canadian secret service. One of the things he'd done was to contact Mycroft.
John nodded without responding. He was holding Martin's hand. He knew there was nothing more to do other than not leave Martin alone. He watched as Sherlock peeled back the white hospital gown from Martin's arms and examined the insides of his elbows. All of the puncture marks were old except the one where John had injected the antidote. Sherlock eyed the IV.
He'd knelt out here during lauds, along with Gerome and a handful of parishioners who had joined them. Here in the big Baroque church space meant for the congregation, separated by the choir screen from the men who lived in chaste solitude. He wasn't a monk. He wasn't a man who renounced the world and submitted his daily existence to the rule of a religious order, who left the world behind and dedicated himself to a meditative discipleship. He had vowed neither chastity nor poverty. Nor had Gerome.
All was quiet in the interrogation room for several long seconds. Then Lestrade said curtly, "Okay. I'll talk to the Crown prosecutor."
"Slowly. Especially in this kind of damp, cold weather. Someone might have gone somewhere else entirely with a clump of clay stuck to their shoe and picked up the diamond dust there."
When Sherlock woke up, it was light out. The clock said 10:12. He'd slept more than ten hours, deep and dreamless. John lay beside him in bed, still asleep. Sherlock carefully extricated himself from underneath the light summer blanket and limped to the bathroom. The flat smelled like coffee. Sherlock glanced into the kitchen when he emerged from the bathroom. John had already prepared breakfast. The table was set for two. John had got up and must have also already drunk a cup of coffee, then crawled back into bed with him. For whatever reason. Maybe he'd still been tired and could sleep in because Mrs Hudson wasn't bringing Rosie back until the afternoon. Maybe he hadn't wanted to let Sherlock wake up alone.
They walked quickly and silently along the gravel path. The spring evening breeze blew through the young leaves of the old trees, making them rustle gently. The day had been sunny but still cool. They turned right at the fork in the path. Sherlock followed John, who knew the way. To the left, behind some trees, a stately home was visible, a veritable small castle. To the right, the path led to a building complex with a newer annex, surrounded by gardens. The convent. It was the former guesthouse where the nuns lived and worked, hidden away on private grounds in the middle of the park. A charitable institution that neither granted access to strangers nor maintained any public presence. Complete retreat.
"The strongest motives lie beyond the realm of logic, Mr Holmes. You of all people should know that."
My brother was the first one to draw the correct conclusions. There was a picture in the Times. We had been photographed at a crime scene. We were just leaving, Watson and I. We stood beside each other. We did not look at each other, but it was clear that we were inclined toward each other, and our shoulders were touching. We looked into the camera with a profound satisfaction and happiness in our eyes that cannot be pretended at. Watson and I looked like a newlywed couple. I was shocked at the picture when I saw it. Most people might not have noticed. But others understood quite well what it depicted.
"Yeah, you could say that. At the very least he has a network at his disposal." Lestrade was in agreement.
John took a shower and thought about what had happened in the course of the past several hours. He'd left Sherlock here in Meiringen, completely exhausted. He'd narrowly escaped death. A bomb had exploded, costing two people their lives. Someone was trying to kill him - or was at least heavily invested in making it look as if they were. Moriarty might really be in Meiringen. Sherlock might be on his way to the Giessbach Falls. Or not. He had no idea where Sherlock was or what he had planned. His things were still in the room, so he must be coming back. Did Sherlock know about what had happened?
"Give me tonight and tomorrow. Let your people keep working on it, and prepare the search. But don't launch it until tomorrow noon, if I haven't brought in any results by then," Sherlock proposed.
They watched each other. Sherlock's hand closed warmly around John's, accepted the interruption of his caresses without breaking contact. John took his other hand away, the one he'd used to stop him. They held each other's gaze, their hands intertwined. Neither of them made a move to relinquish the contact. John couldn't parse what was going on in Sherlock's eyes. Whether it was confusion or recognition, fear or agreement. Or both. All he had was the facts – astonishing enough in themselves: Sherlock was leaving his hand in John's. Not only that, but Sherlock was holding onto it. Affectionate pressure from his hard, sinewy fingers.
"Your partner knows that the two of you will be going your separate ways," Dr Kenny told John. "He knows the goal of the therapy is to solve his problem. Not to get you back."
"Pentobarbitone?" Anderson said doubtfully. "He'd have needed to dissolve at least 15 grams in water and ingest it for it to be lethal. And then it works fast. He wouldn't just be walking around. He'd fall asleep right away. Do you see a water glass anywhere with traces of pentobarbitone?"
Eurus. Eurus was dead. The memory of the previous day was crystal clear and sharp, but far away. As if he were looking through a spyglass, able to make out every detail but all the while knowing he was at a safe distance.
"Then eat of Him and drink of Him. He will always be in you, and you in Him. He will share your waking hours, your table, and your bed. He will accompany your every word, your every thought, and your every deed. He is you. And you are He."
They'd looked at everyone surrounding the events, whether close to the epicentre or on the periphery. A puzzle with hundreds of individual pieces they used to put together pictures, coherent within themselves but mostly useless as they had no relation to Copernicus. Except for one. A construct whose parts meshed with each other and whose loose ends linked into Copernicus like one molecule into another. Seamless. They'd spent hours – days – checking everyone out. They'd gathered and assembled the results, discussed, verified, and discarded. They'd eliminated everything that was impossible. Whatever remained must be the truth, no matter how improbable it was. And it was.
A small, gaunt man came over to them. He was well over fifty. His close-cropped hair was dyed pale blond and stuck out in every direction. He peeled a pair of ink-stained, medical-grade vinyl gloves off his hands and tossed them into the ready-standing bin. His hands were slender and perfectly manicured, Sherlock noted.
"We'll all know more tomorrow," I reiterate and nod to the two women. "Thank you for the information."
"Reasonable? No one's talking about reason here, John." Sherlock's expression said everything that needed to be said about what he thought of such solutions. He turned to the nun. "It was Stean, wasn't it? He did it as an act of love for his friend, then joined him in death. He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword. Those were Stean's own words."
He and Sherlock had kept out of the evidence gathering, had just observed. The officials from the local police had treated them as witnesses and suspects. They were still undercover. They'd been taken in for questioning at the station, where they'd collated the initial results of the investigation. Phil really was at a convention in the States, or at least he was on the list of participants and the passenger lists for the flights. His alibi was still being checked out. The results of the medical tests that had been run on Martin hadn't come back yet. But one thing was clear already: the killer was going to try to prevent Martin from making a statement. Because Martin knew what he'd ingested and whom he'd had contact with prior to that. He was under round-the-clock surveillance.
The pale, sea-blue eyes widened in astonishment. John maintained the eye contact. His heart pounded in his chest. He hadn't planned to say that, it had slipped out before he'd had a chance to think. It was the truth. It was what he wanted. His ultimate goal. Sherlock swallowed. He took a breath, opened his mouth, about to say something, but nothing came out; instead he swallowed again, hard, swallowed down whatever it was. They looked into each other's eyes. A long time. John stood by his words. They'd been said, and he stood by them. He looked into Sherlock's eyes, straightforward and direct. Sherlock's expression became softer, more agreeable. The blue slowly filled with deep affection. Warmth between them, creating space for itself. Understanding each other.
His leg hurt. Sherlock leaned on the post. The treasure chest under one arm, he went down to the peaceful, slowly meandering river. It made a wide curve here, where he'd often used to play on its flat bank. Sherlock stared out at the water for a while; it flowed so lazily that it almost seemed not to be moving at all. But it was. Constant and sure.
. Sherlock turned his head toward John, then his overheated body. Slow and languid. Cloth brushed his naked skin, fanning the flames inside him.
"Are you the contact for Dr John Watson?" asked the woman standing next to Mycroft. She wore a white coat and had a pen in her hand.
The monk had turned the blinding beam of his light away from John and Sherlock, who were now both standing. The man was younger than John had assumed, based on his voice. Just past thirty, perhaps. He wore the black robes of the Benedictine order. The hood was pushed back. His hair was medium length and curly, and he'd tied it back at the nape of his neck. He was holding a bulky basket filled with heavy altar candles, which he now set down on the floor beside him.
The nun covered Sophie up again and returned to the three men. She stood before them, upright and direct, looking John in the eye as she spoke: "Your daughter is safe with us and in expert care. Our convent gives us the time, the space, and the peace to love each and every child."
The taxi had driven off. John had gone out into the cold and rainy autumn night, Saturday evening in Bury St Edmunds, people on the street, the pubs full. He'd sat down in a restaurant, a free table for two by the wall, ordered a salad and an omelet and an ale to go with it. He was tired and hungry. He needed a break from all of the intense moments. From the ritual, the club, Martin, Sherlock. It felt good to just sit there, to eat and not say anything, to be alone, to think about the events of the past few hours and days.
John brought his suitcase and bag downstairs, left them in the hall and went into the living room. Sherlock stood at the fireplace waiting for him, pale and sombre.
Sherlock snorted. "You'll be in Bury. Unfamiliar territory. Surrounded by strangers. I'll be far away. I won't be able to help you if anything happens. You do realise that?"
"If..." John continued, "if... then - for me - it would be more than that. We're too close to each other to use each other like inflatable dolls, Sherlock. I..." John hesitated. Then he said, soft but firm: "I love you too much for that."
I need another bucketful of water to rid myself of the soap. I am still quite foggy. Lightning flashes to the north-west. Thunder growls. Dark clouds move in front of the sun. An ominous dusk spreads across the land. The first gust of wind caresses my body. Watson helps me, pouring water over me as I wash the last traces of lather from my skin.
An hour later, Sherlock's steps had sounded on the stairs. He'd come up to John's room, sat down on the edge of John's bed, trembling with arousal, anxiety, and anticipation. And John had reached for him and pulled him into bed. A hot, hungry, impulsive pursuit and struggle for intimacy and skin. Stuttering breaths. Gasps. John had lost himself in the heat. Hopelessly. He'd opened Sherlock's trousers, down there under the sheets, half out of his mind with desire, freed his erection, had torn Sherlock's shirt off, greedy for the skin underneath.
"I know. That's not a problem. He left the files for me. I'm supposed to pick them up. We have a meeting early in the morning."
"Fate has given me this unique opportunity to destroy Moriarty's entire network," he said then. "It's the biggest and most important case we've ever had, John. The NDB is offering their support. It's perfect." He looked at John. "We should think of it as a case," he said.
Their eyes met. And held. Silent. Sherlock struggled with grief and despair, both threatening to take control of him. The same old minefield between them that wouldn't let itself be cleared. He couldn't just trample over it. He knew that. He needed to endure it. The mistakes he'd made. The injuries he'd inflicted on John. His inability to see them. John's inability to forgive him.
John wanted some privacy after the official portion of the service, so Sherlock drove back to Baker Street with him, where they'd spent the past few days. They sat in their chairs in the living room, both adrift. Sherlock had poured them each a glass of whiskey. They sat there silently, lost in their own thoughts.
John sat down on the coffee table directly in front of the huddled shape and touched Sherlock's shoulder with his fingertips. Sherlock's upper body was rising and falling rapidly under the pale t-shirt stretched across his back. He was sweating, emitting a damp, spicy smell of stress and arousal.
"You'll have it all behind you soon enough," Boon tells her comfortingly. "You'll be married before you can even see the baby."
The sun shone in John's eyes when he opened them. He'd fallen asleep on the bench behind the house in the late afternoon sun. Sherlock looked down at him and held out one hand.
"I know him," the second man cried in alarm. "That's Sherlock Holmes, the bloke who's together with Dr Watson. He's a cop!"
Lestrade glanced at Sherlock, who sat silent and sullen on his chair, not giving any sign of reacting to the offer. Lestrade then looked back at John, who sighed and nodded. A relieved smile. Lestrade waved at someone in the next room.
"Darian and Seal sometimes prepared the Chalice to help out. They both work as doctors at St Anna's and have been members of the club for many years."
Eurus's composition had assumed an idiosyncratic musical form. He'd struggled with it day and night. Bitterly. But now he didn't practise the piece anymore. He only played through it, several times a day, bewildered by what it had become. He'd given up wanting to understand it. Given up second-guessing every note, examining every phrase a thousand times for what it might mean; digging for the true core in the line of every motif, seeking a statement, an emotion, an idea. A message. But there was no message. Other than that he didn't understand. That he understood his sister far less than he'd thought. 'With Pain's Dying Breath'. The piece remained chaotic and frigid. Sherlock tried to accept it. Maybe because he was so exhausted.
"What happened, Sherlock?" Dave asked. "All of a sudden there were police lights flashing and you were gone. We thought..."
"A church is only as strong as the spirituality of the people who sustain it," Gerome had said. "Everything else is facade. Flash and show."
Eurus took a step back, away from the glass, lifted her violin, and started to play. Bach, double concerto in D minor, opus 1043.
Sherlock, still woozy with sleep, didn't know what to do. The signal for an incoming text message. A notification telling him he had a voice mail. Sherlock pushed number 2 on speed dial, his fingers shaking, and listened to the message. John's voice. Familiar. Soft. Worried.
"No. His personnel file doesn't mention his marital status, he doesn't wear any rings as a masseur and he never said anything."
"We've spoken to his commanding officer," Greg informed John and Sherlock. "Michael Johnston was considered an excellent chaplain. Everyone loved and respected him."
John stood up, pulling Sherlock to his feet with him. At the same time, white lights began to leap on the surface of the water, not high, just brief flashes, one here, one there, unpredictable, impossible to know where the next one would crop up. The timing was irregular, but seemed to follow some natural rhythm. An inscrutable harmony.
. He'd bought it at the bookstore on the way from the hospital to the hotel in Meiringen. It was illustrated by the author himself and looked like a children's book.
Sherlock brought up an image from the autopsy on the screen. A closeup of the deceased's left hand. It was hard to see. The ring hadn't been tight at any rate. It had barely left any mark behind. If Sherlock hadn't clued John in, he wouldn't have noticed. But when he zoomed in on the middle finger, a very faint ridge was visible at the base of the finger that might have come from a ring.
Her answers are impatient. The questions likely appear strange to her, posed as they are by us city-folk, unversed in the ways of the country.
"I've already found a cottage," Sherlock said. "It's in the ideal location for keeping bees. We can go and have a look if you'd like."
"Have it your way. Then we'll officially end your treatment here." Dr Kenny picked up the folder with Sherlock's patient record and said, amused: "I'll make a note that it was an undercover mission so the file isn't valid as a patient record. Is that all right with you, Mr Holmes?"
Sherlock looked away from the depths of those grey eyes in confusion and closed his own. His pulse was throbbing hard and fast. It was new, so new for them to talk to each other like this. Sherlock was scared, but he didn't sidestep, didn't want to sidestep it. Their present. Nothing was settled between them, nothing at all. Now the time had come which he'd feared for so long. John was right. They needed to face it. Both of them. They needed to communicate. He needed to tell John what he wanted, how things looked from his end, that he loved him and needed him, that he wanted to live with him. That Sophie was no obstacle for him, but rather a challenge that would be manageable with a little planning. He needed to make it clear enough that John would understand. They needed to find a way, a new way. It wasn't going to be possible without emotions. Sherlock forced himself to remain calm. He needed to endure this. There was no other way.
Sherlock seemed to be thinking about it. Then he said, "Inside me. But there's also something outside me, something that bolsters the peacefulness."
They lay naked beside each other on the divan in the relaxation room. Nora had guided them, guided them into this night together. To this point. Then she'd left.
Lestrade took pictures of the information wall. Then they gathered up all of the documents into a file folder. Rose said good-bye. Her mission was concluded as soon as the satellite burned up. She shook Lestrade's hand, thanked him courteously. Then she shook Sherlock's hand, a firm, female handshake, and said, "Take care of John and Sophie."
I go into the bathroom. Rosie is lying in the baby bathtub, cheerfully slapping her rubber duck onto the surface of the water. John's t-shirt is wet. I slip my hand in under Rosie's back. She isn't stable enough yet to sit by herself. John's hand is in the warm water. I slide along it with mine to take its place. John's fingers linger, rubbing and caressing mine. Just for a moment. Two or three seconds. Heat draws into my loins. Our eyes meet.
John lifted his head. He didn't know why, maybe some intuition. Maybe the subconscious desire to touch Sherlock's mouth. A movement set off by the turmoil, the heat. He raised his head and his lips grazed Sherlock's. It wasn't a kiss. There was no consciously driven intent. John's lips barely touched Sherlock's mouth, just a whisper. Lip brushing lip. Fleeting. Shock at the same moment as it happened, a jolt of heat through his entire body, Sherlock's surprised gasp, the strong reaction of his body, wiry fingers digging into John's hand. John immediately put in the reverse gear, rested his forehead against Sherlock's again. Agitated. But safe. Close. Breath. Just breath and closeness. Their hands together.
There was a bench free underneath a willow tree. Sherlock went over to it and sat down. He reached into the breast pocket of his suit jacket and took out his mobile phone. No messages from John. It still wasn't three yet.
"That's our assumption right now," Lestrade answered. "Revenge, but also regaining a child. In a manner of speaking."
"We care for orphans and half-orphans as long as they need it," the nun explained. "Sometimes until they've completed their schooling or even longer." She smiled as she laid Sophie peacefully back in her cot.
as an expression of surprise or pain. Was it the first part of Mycroft? Had Mary also sent him to his brother?
The abbey was Baroque, but the inner dormitory was older. Much older. The narrow Gothic tracery-work windows lining the cloister were unglazed. Through them, the cloister garden was visible, laid out in a geometric pattern with a low fountain in the centre. The heavy, rain-laden sky cast everything in a dim grey light. It was cold in the cloister passageway and smelled of  damp sandstone from the worn stone walkway. Ancient tombstones lined both the floors and walls, bearing testimony to the monks buried there. The autumn wind had stuck a few yellow leaves from the garden to the grey stones. Signs of transience.
John turned onto his stomach and Sherlock massaged his whole body with long, broadly drawn strokes. His back. Then his front. John lay there as if in a trance, stretched to his full length, completely relaxed. Sherlock's hands came closer and closer to his erect penis, their long, slow caresses passing over it, touching it, before moving on. John accepted the strong arousal without doing anything for or against it.
Sherlock stared out the window at the night. He felt lost. His only thought was of John. He needed to get to John. And he was scared. To a degree he'd never known before. Panic. It ate at his thoughts. The fear threatened to tear his organs right out of his body. To carve him out completely. Leaving him an empty, powerless husk. John. He needed him. Needed him to breathe. To live. Sherlock was shaking. He couldn't concentrate on what was going on. He was falling out of touch. His brain was spinning, empty. He put his hand over his face, dragged it down over his eyes. Everything was getting away from him. Was this the price he was paying for John? His mind? His lucidity? His analytical talent?
The disk drive hummed as it read the data. All three of them leaned over John's shoulder as he opened the file. It was the documentation. The technical description of Copernicus-SL3, the architecture of the software, peripheral systems, configuration, coding.
It was past midnight when Sherlock – in a t-shirt and pyjama bottoms – took his violin out of the case and tuned it. He was relaxed, completely at ease, the bow felt good, the tension was perfect. John sat on the couch in his dressing gown, his legs drawn up, the leather book in his hands, closed. He put it on the table as Sherlock organised his sheet music on the music stand and got ready to play.
Someone screamed: "No!" Then a shot rang out. Screams. More shots. Coming from different directions, different weapons. A bang. The connection cut out abruptly.
John stared at the Lover's text, the entrance he was standing closest to. Relinquishing control. Sherlock was seeking the Lover, the characteristics he lacked. Basic trust. Devotion. John could offer those things to him. So could Martin. Martin was a Master, probably in all of the archetypes, but especially in complete devotion. He made himself available for everything, no restrictions. Damn it! Would Sherlock fall for Martin's dark-eyed warmth, his openness, his generosity? His offer in the pitch-black centre of the ritual space. Like John? John was surprised that it wasn't jealousy he felt, but fear. Fear for Sherlock. Sherlock with his timidity toward anything physical wouldn't be able to handle it if that happened. Not even anything close to it.
Was Moriarty really in Meiringen? Was Sherlock in danger? Should he go back? Let himself be caught up in dangerous, labyrinthine machinations he had no information about? No. Get tangled up in the life of a man he wasn't even sure was a friend anymore? No. He needed some time without Sherlock, needed some distance, needed space. A couple of weeks. On his own. To think. More than anything else, he needed information. Lots of information, which he didn't have.
"I didn't fall when you left, John. I forgave you a long time ago. I fell when I met Thomas and realised the magnitude of my desire."
"Right," said Ginger. "And then I forced the vial of poison on Martin Combs or whatever his name was and he just swallowed it," she said sarcastically.
"We could sneak someone in to look over the director's shoulder and try to find the server," Lestrade suggested.
John's voice had become calmer. His words were sober and firm. Sherlock hadn't thought he might be sent away.
"That's YOUR problem, not mine," Sherlock responded coolly and stood up, a sign that he considered the conversation over.
"Yes, we're talking about OUR crown jewels, John. And about the fact that people are being killed who are either involved or are getting in the way."
He was startled by the strength of his own reaction and by what was now open to him, the possibility, the invitation, promise, adventure. He hesitantly reached out his hand to John, and John lay down beside him, slowly, no rush. Sherlock closed his eyes when John's fingers combed through his hair, John's lips nestled in between his, John's body found his, the heat and hardness of his sex palpable through the summer coverlet and the dressing gown.
," Sherlock said. "First the theme. Then five variations on it, with an intermezzo inserted after the third one. You'll hear it. After that come the fourth and fifth variations, and at the end I play the theme again."
John reached out his hand, carefully, and touched Sherlock's knee. Ran the tips of his fingers over the fine silk, underneath it the hard bones and heat from Sherlock's body. John felt that knee trembling. He didn't know whether it was from the tension or the cold. But he settled his hand over it, comforting, warming. He inhaled sharply when Sherlock's fingers stroked the back of his hand, testing, exploring the valleys between his fingers, caressing, fondling. Sherlock's unexpectedly intimate tenderness stole John's breath away. His pulse was racing. His heart thudded when he saw Sherlock's face, his open lips, his astonished eyes staring at their hands. John felt a reaction in his groin. And he saw that Sherlock was experiencing a similar reaction. Sherlock's fingers slid between his, rubbing back and forth. Back and forth. Burrowing in between his, nestling longingly against the sensitive roots of his fingers.
Ella. Ella got right to the heart of things. Always. What did John want to tell him? Why now? Sherlock leaned his shoulder against the door frame. He was afraid of what was coming. Because whatever it was, it was the truth, and it was going to hit him hard. He could see it in John. In his eyes.
"Sherlock. It hurts me deeply, right down to the core, that you share physical intimacies with a strange man but not with me. Being close like that, in a sensual way, is a gift that creates a profound connection, one that we - you and I - should create together. I feel like it belongs to us. The two of us."
John moved to stand, and they both got up with difficulty, their legs stiff. John placed his hand on Sherlock's arm, rubbed it gratefully.
John tried to swallow down the anger rising in him. Sherlock was here. That was a positive thing. Even if he'd been left out of the loop again.
John was that person. The verbal resonance between them took place on both the mental and emotional planes. That was the reason why it worked. Why it worked with John and not with others. They didn't need a lot of words between them. But they needed the right ones at the right time. It was a new experience for Sherlock, for emotions and language to be so closely intertwined. And now that he'd understood it, it became clear: both – emotion and language – were kinds of motion that created resonance. A simple concept.
"I'm in the middle of a massage!" Dave didn't hide the fact that he was irritated at the interruption.
"I know. We're working together with Mycroft Holmes, at least on this particular issue. Talk to your brother, Mr Holmes. Then make your decision."
A tiny smirk appeared on John's face. "Whatever you want to call it. But the way things are now is tearing me apart. And it doesn't seem like you're doing too well either."
Sherlock spoke with the last of his strength, his life spark rearing its head fiercely. His breath quivered, his body trembled.
John took the descent carefully. Step by step, one foot in front of the other. It had started to rain. John put on the rain gear and went on. The rocks were slick from the wetness, the ladders slippery. Clouds crept out from the ice-covered peaks, slithered down the ravine, cold, damp, surreal. Veiled the rocks, the creek, the chasm, took possession of the trail, covered it with unfriendly grey. John took note of it with unease, but only at the edges of his consciousness.
"Yes," Sherlock answered quietly. He wasn't even surprised at the fact that he was okay with it. In fact, it seemed to him to be the only logical consequence at the moment. He wasn't afraid of dying at John's hand. It felt right. John would take from him the most important thing, the only thing, and Sherlock would give it to him. Offer it up. The most valuable thing – life itself – final, irreversible. One last, intimate, all-encompassing sacrifice. A shiver of arousal ran through Sherlock's body. John panting into his neck. The diffuse light and muted acoustics of the room fogging his senses. A peculiar dream from which it was impossible to awaken. Sherlock wasn't even sure how real this current experience actually was.
Martin gave him a searching look. His lips curled in a smile. "You hesitated," he said. "And you smiled. You were thinking of someone you love."
Sherlock reached into John's hair, pushed him down onto his back, rolled onto him and began to thrust on top of him, moving his hips slowly as he held their cocks together with one hand. Sherlock groaned. His face was hot. His hair damp and tangled, his eyes unseeing with lust. He was as hard as a rock. John realised instantly that Sherlock was about to climax. That fact together with the confusing realisation that Sherlock's taking charge was driving him nearly insane, was enough to bring him to the same point. Sherlock stretched out on top of him moments later, dug his fingers into John's hair and kissed him with unexpected tenderness, then bit him on the neck as he ejaculated into John's lap with two long thrusts. John followed with a hoarse cry, a combination of the continued burning pain in his neck and the wet, warm, pulsating confines into which he thrust a couple more times before he thought he might pass out.
"We'd like to speak with you, Dr Watson," she said. Her voice candid and friendly. "Would you be prepared to come to the Rosenfeld Centre?"
"Save? How naïve! The mafia doesn't spare a penny for human life. WE got you out of there. Your clever doctor, who let himself be shanghaied by a taxi driver. And your son, who got in the way and caused nothing but more trouble. The trouble the CIA went to securing the data again being the least of it!"
John looked at him again. Sherlock was staring intently at the sanctuary, where things had become quieter. The only sounds were the one man's choked-off weeping and Father Conley's comforting whispers. John took a deep breath. He'd known Sherlock long enough, knew him well enough. When he avoided eye contact with such determination, the topic affected him personally and he didn't know how to handle it.
Sometimes fate shows its hand. They say fate is blind. And just as the east wind blows or falls still at its own whim, regardless of what may happen, fate shows its hand from time to time and throws the dice. With blinders on. Not caring how they fall. Even when the east wind is sleeping. In the darkest hour of a terrible night.
"I'm not here to hear pretty stories," Sherlock replied gruffly, his irritation and tension clear from his tone.
"Tell me when you're ready to take the step, Sherlock. John is here. He's your partner. He's here for you. He can be with you if you want."
"Clay," he said. "It's clay." He held his hands out close to the dregs of the last candle. They held crumbs and a small strip of dried clay, probably fallen out of the tread of a shoe sole. John and Sherlock looked at each other.
When Sherlock had calmed down, Martin said, "You're a man now, Sherlock. You're strong. You're as sharp as a tack and brilliant. No one can just hurt you anymore. You can defend yourself."
Ginger sat on the hard chair in the interrogation room, completely at ease. The gaze she examined Sherlock with was curious and at the same time disparaging. Sherlock reacted to it immediately. And even though Ginger appeared completely calm on the outside, her eyes still threw off wild sparks as soon as she started talking. She had large, clear, green-blue eyes. A strange flickering in them, a gleam that both fascinated Sherlock and set off all of his alarm bells. She was an opponent to be taken seriously.
He'd stepped off the plane exhausted and gone over to John, who was still standing there with Mary, likewise unable to cope. He'd looked into John's eyes. Mute. Still smarting from their farewell. Mary had hugged him. Gentle and careful, aware of the fact that he was incapable of reacting. It was all too much. He hadn't been able to take his eyes off of John, even as Mary hugged him. Mary's warm body with the child inside. John's eyes. There was so much he'd wanted to say to him but hadn't. It had been too much for him. For him and for John too.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John. "Candles, John. It's the candles," he repeated, and marched off into the night.
"Grieve for Martin," Sherlock said. "Ask yourself why such a capable and beloved man had to die. Keep an eye on Phil. You may find out something about his motive and whether the attack was really meant for Martin."
"Beatty brought Valerie to the surgery with an upper respiratory infection. Nothing dramatic. Kids usually handle stuff like that easily, and it strengthens their immune system. That's why I didn't prescribe antibiotics, just a mucolytic so she could breathe better, and sent them home. I didn't know Valerie had a congenital immune disorder. The sepsis turned fatal in a few hours."
"He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty..."
"We need an ambulance. Now!" he barked at one of the police officers who had arrived in the meantime. Then he looked into Sherlock's eyes. "Can you still hold Rosie?" he asked hoarsely. Sherlock nodded. "Good. I'm going to loosen the tourniquet a little now, okay? The circulation's been cut off. It's going to hurt like hell but we can't wait until the ambulance gets here. Tell me if it gets to be too much, if someone needs to hold Rosie."
Sherlock didn't push for more. And John didn't offer anything more. They both fell silent, wrapped up in their own thoughts. John still had his eyes closed, ears perked for the sounds of the park. Ducks quacking. Sparrows chittering. People's voices far away. The wind up in the crown of the elm. Sherlock on his shoulder. Time. How long and fulfilling an hour could be!
"Her relations from Birmingham are due to arrive this evening," Watson says. "We should learn more about the lady tomorrow in any event. But for tonight, my dear friend, my mind is on other things than furthering the investigation."
"All right." John slowly opened his hands, pulled them away from those of his friend. Then he said, quite clearly and a little more firmly than he'd intended, "I'll be seeing the Major at the veterans' get-together in a few days. I'm not going to spare you that, Sherlock. But there's no reason for you to be jealous. I promise."
Sherlock tried to breathe calmly, tried to collect himself. He couldn't stand Mrs Hudson any more. He'd shouted at her a few days ago when she'd tried to bring him some apple pie. He'd flipped out at being interrupted in the middle of Brahms' violin sonata. He'd ranted at her and she'd slammed the living room door behind her so hard that a couple of books had fallen off the shelves from the shock wave. Afterwards, he'd been so shaky he hadn't been able to continue playing. His nerves raw, close to a breakdown. He'd taken to locking the door since then. Sometimes he fled into his bedroom and locked that door when he heard her coming.
Sherlock ran his hand down his face. He must have fallen asleep. Exhaustion. Maybe it had been exhaustion. He hadn't slept in quite a while. And now he felt tired and drained. Empty. A couple of hours anyway, that was something. He got up and went to the window. The night reigned humid outside. A church clock sounded out three-quarters of the hour somewhere. He didn't want to know which hour. Irrelevant.
She doesn't appear to be particularly happy about our business, but allows us to enter, going ahead of us into the kitchen. The ceiling inside is so low that I am forced to duck my head in order not to hit it on the soot-blackened ceiling beams. The woman indicates a rough wooden bench at an equally rough wooden table, upon which lie pieces of two rabbits, a bowl filled with innards, and the two freshly stripped skins.
John's eyes. Wide. Disbelieving. John's lips were slightly parted. He was breathing hard. But he didn't say anything. Sherlock felt his entire body shaking. It took all of his strength to hold onto the glass. Had John understood him? Had he gone too far? Sherlock hadn't thought there would be no response. Absolutely nothing. It unsettled him. Had he said the wrong thing? Too much? Too little? Did he need to explain?
Later we sit at the table eating the Thai curry I went out to get. We don't talk. John's eyes are deep and pensive. Rosie is sleeping. In my room. We switched rooms. John sleeps downstairs now, Rosie's cot in with him. I've moved upstairs.
"Maybe you should make an opening move toward Sergej," John had said to Sherlock one quiet evening as they both sat in front of their laptops.
Sherlock sat down on the chair he was offered, but stood right back up again as soon as the man left the room, rummaged around in the bookcase, the pile of mail that was lying out. He opened the drawers of the sideboard and leafed through the papers, quickly and silently sliding the drawer closed behind his back when the man came back into the room.
Sherlock tried to breathe, to take deep breaths. A shiver ran through his body as he exhaled and felt the full weight of the intimacy of his connection with John: their hands, the heat that flowed between them, spreading through his body and threatening to steal his breath away.
A fresh morning breeze wafted across Sherlock's nude body, setting off a wave of goosepimples. Sherlock groped woozily for the blanket and wrapped it around himself. It smelt of John and made him feel utterly at ease. Everything smelt of John. Sherlock opened his eyes a crack. It was light out, and he remembered that he was in John's room, lying in John's bed. Last night, the fireworks, the kiss, the maintenance worker, Eve, John sleeping. Sherlock stretched luxuriantly. The space next to him in bed was empty, but he heard John coming up the stairs.
The grand master of Japanese pyrotechnics. Famous for breathtaking compositions, perfection and harmony. In Hyde Park at the Serpentine. Midnight. Sherlock loved fireworks more than anything. And it was rare to be able to witness a performance this masterful. Truly rare. He looked over at John.
John stopped in the doorway. This wasn't the first time he'd seen this. Sherlock sometimes put himself into a trance this way. When he wanted to submerge himself deep in his mind palace and follow the trail of some complex matter or other. It was a state of absolute concentration. John was about to step back again so as not to disturb him when Sherlock spoke without so much as looking up or lowering the bow:
Sherlock held his wine glass by its stem, turned it absently, took a sip. The wine was heavy and velvety. Sherlock tasted it, deliberately let it bloom in his mouth, his palate, his body, closed his eyes for a moment. Then he set the glass back down on the white tablecloth with a simple yet smooth motion. John watched him in fascination. It was one of the rare occasions when Sherlock's upper-class heritage showed through. The matter-of-course ease of his table manners, effortless and elegant.
John thought Mycroft would end the call there, but he didn't. John could hear Mycroft breathing through the connection, so he asked, "Can you give me a tip? Just a tip. Please."
John returned home from Bart's to his one-room apartment and made some tea. It was dreary being alone. Being without Sherlock. Without the familiar flat on Baker Street, without Mrs Hudson. How was the older woman doing? John would have to go to Baker Street at some point in the next few days, for better or worse. He still had some personal items there that he needed. But he was afraid of running into Mrs Hudson, so he kept putting it off. He had enough other problems plaguing him.
Sherlock leaned his hands on the window sill and looked down at the inner courtyard. This weakness was worrisome. It was like his entire system was paralysed. The exhaustion and lack of direction were frightening. The deep-seated need to curl up and hide. To lock himself in and do nothing else but play the violin, to clear everything else away. Set it all aside. Make a clean sweep of his life and start afresh. Plough the field and sow new seed. Start over. Now that everything was different anyway. Even his past. Now that the ground beneath his feet was shifting and everything he'd thought he knew was crumbling away. Now that his own memory turned out to be a fraud and he couldn't even rely on his own mind anymore. What was left? John?
The paths in the park behind the monastery were wet from the rain. Hardly anyone was around, aside from a single monk puttering around on his own in the neighbouring herb garden. He lifted his head briefly and raised his hand in greeting when John and Sherlock walked past. A priest in a cassock and a man in a dark suit walking together here, engaged in an animated discussion, wouldn't arouse any notice. Such things happened every day in the garden, which served as a spot for clergymen to withdraw and relax.
John shook his head in disbelief. "No," he said. "No! Sherlock. You could have just said if you needed therapy and had it set up for you. I want to know what the real point of this was, damn it!"
John was aware of how jealous and possessive Sherlock was. He knew him all too well, including that side of him. They used to fight about it. Sherlock hadn't tolerated anyone at John's side. Neither man nor woman. It had been better with Mary. Sherlock had accepted Mary, even liked her. A girlfriend who hadn't come between them - John and Sherlock - but had brought them closer together. Mary was dead now, though. And since they'd been living together again in the flat on Baker Street, since their relationship had grown closer, Sherlock was more jealous than ever. That made a conversation like this difficult. It also made it necessary.
John didn't feel good about the whole thing. He packed his suitcase and duffel bag. He was tired, had lain awake half the night brooding over what they had planned. He wasn't sure whether Sherlock realised what he was getting himself into. That scared him. The Rosenfeld Rehab Centre was well known for their therapeutic successes, but had also been the target of criticism in professional circles because of dubious and unscientific methods. John was bound and determined not to leave Sherlock at the mercy of a bunch of psychiatrists, shrinks, and therapists without some control over the situation.
"He is your strength and your confidence, your light in the darkness and your morning star. He is with you and in you. God bless you. Go in His peace. Amen."
"We'll give Sophie all of that," Sherlock said. "You and I. And those people we entrust with her care."
John snorted and didn't answer. He hadn't thought about it yet. Things were good the way they were for him. Baker Street, Sherlock, the surgery, a case now and then. There was no reason for him to change any of that. He didn't want to change things.
"Intimidating in its complexity," he said. "The elaborate intricacy of his personality is reflected in his love. Maybe you need to look at it like that in order to understand him. He's a highly unusual man. You should be proud of his friendship."
Eurus turned away and went over to her bed, picked up the violin bow, tightened it, took the violin out of its case, and placed it under her chin.
"It's important that we gain access to the innermost circle, the Green Chamber. We can only do that if we're both priests. The sacred knot is tied in the Green Chamber."
"We'll get whatever she needs," John said to Sherlock. "Just that, and nothing else. Things aren't important."
John swallowed. Several heartbeats passed before he could answer. Then he said softly, "For you to be yourself. For you to go your own way. Free." John closed his eyes. "Maybe with ..." he started to say, but couldn't end the sentence, fell silent, pained.
There was a knock at the living room door. Mrs Hudson stood in the doorway holding a tray with tea and biscuits. A surge of wild fury pulsed through Sherlock.
They sat together on the couch, looked at Sherlock's laptop together. John rested his hand on Sherlock's shoulder in order to be able to move in closer, to see the screen better. He'd probably just needed a place to put his arm because it was in the way. John leaned against Sherlock's side, warm and matter-of-fact, their bodies touching unabashedly. The intimacy made a current of warmth and comfort flow through Sherlock. A feeling he'd never had before in such abundance. He leaned back against John, just lightly, confirming that it was all right, that he wanted this closeness. They only spoke of the operation, but there was a moment, a single long moment when they both paused and looked at each other. Not with surprise or confusion, maybe with wonder and quiet amazement at this closeness and familiarity. Warm breath. Accelerated heartrates. A hint of a smile, the depths of John's eyes.
A long, searching look. Sherlock had sat down after a brief hesitation without waiting for a reply. John had closed his eyes for a moment. Warmth. The sounds of people eating and chatting in the background. His own calmness. He'd opened his eyes then, wanting to say something but didn't, instead mutely gazing into that icy blue. The waiter had come and Sherlock had ordered an omelet too. He'd eaten part of it, wordlessly, a couple of forkfuls, then just poked at it, finally setting the fork aside.
"Yes, he does. He sees you coming and going and knows that you're here for me. He has access to the therapy schedules. You'll endanger the entire mission if you show up at the ponds. But if you were close by... I'll send you a text if I need you."
Stean inhaled deeply. "He was a mystic," he finally said, his voice low and sorrowful. "Not everyone liked that. He was too aloof for some people. Too elitist."
A smile in John's wide, grey eyes. Sherlock smiled back. Warmth and tenderness in the icy blue. His fingers played absently with John's.
John's gaze, lingering. Deep and penetrating. Sherlock's pulse was racing. Heat rose from his groin and spread throughout his body. He longed to put his arms around John. But he didn't. He closed his eyes, removed himself from the situation. John's hand on his good arm. Warm and gentle.
Andrej took a painkiller and lay down on the bed, exhausted. John lowered himself into a chair and closed his eyes. They were trapped in a hotel room in Yakutsk, shielded from anything that was happening, cut off from any source of information. The local daily newspaper was the only thing that was delivered, and there were only four Russian stations available on the television. John understood virtually nothing. Sherlock read the paper and told him what it said. There was nothing there they might have drawn any sort of conclusion from. They had a mobile phone they could use to make calls, send texts, and contact Mycroft. They received a new SIM card with another number at irregular intervals. A man from the Russian secret service stood outside the door of their room day and night.
John paused. Tears began to well up in his eyes again. He ignored them. He could feel Sherlock's question burning between them, even if Sherlock wasn't asking it.
And so they had ended up inviting Mycroft after all. However, they received neither regrets nor an acceptance from him. He simply didn't react to their invitation. Sherlock was annoyed. John took it in stride.
John still had his hand on Sherlock's arm, his fingers digging into Sherlock's coat, frozen in shock at the intensity of what was happening in the sanctuary.
Sherlock took out the creased photograph and looked at it. The colours had faded, and the coating had bubbled up on one side from the heat of the fire. The picture showed an expanse of landscape: meadow, riverbank, water, with the boy in the middle distance. Sherlock looked at him. He was wearing wellingtons and a raincoat, holding a big piece of driftwood in one hand. His hair was fair, and he was smiling into the camera. The shocking thing was that Victor didn't look the way Sherlock remembered him here. The boy in the picture was a stranger. And yet the photograph triggered a vague memory, somewhere very far away. An image that couldn't be pinned down.
Was it good? No. No! It troubled Sherlock, this conclusive clarity. He smashed it with a fierce four-string chord, shredded the tonic, let the chord grow into dire suspense, built up dissonances, let them grind against each other, clear and sharp, seized the pain, looked it in the eye, withstood it, looked inside it, savoured it until it became familiar, lost its horror, revealed its purity, and finally let it go, gently, unhurried, one note at a time, until it melded into an unbearably sweet harmony that he immediately continued, concentrating on a single, pure, precise note that he neither delayed nor drew out but simply played and completed.
She'd known it before it had even become clear to them. And then there was Sherlock's lovesickness. Playing the violin all night long. Inconsolable.
Nothing for a while. Then Martin said, "Yes, cry, Sherlock. That's good. Grieve for that lonely child."
It was really an absurd image. As if the body had been prepared and now lay in state. But it hadn't been moved a single millimetre. Stean had died here, in his alb, the crucifix in his hand, his eyes closed, his jaw bound shut. His body was unblemished. No sign of a violent death.
John held out his arms without commenting and pulled Sherlock in close. He closed his eyes when he felt Sherlock's sigh against his neck, his arms wrapping around him, snug and affectionate. A current of warmth flowing between them. Relief. Relaxation. Home. Maybe home. And low in his belly the initial fluttering of a butterfly. John gently extricated himself from Sherlock's grip, ran one hand through his friend's damp, dark curls.
The train to Interlaken left at 6:14 a.m., arriving at the Zurich airport at 9:16 a.m. A direct flight at 10:05 a.m. He'd be in London shortly before noon. Before Sherlock's train even reached Meiringen. John had decided in favour of avoidance. He'd come to the decision while hiking along the Hochstollen ridge, steep chasms on either side. He'd become even more sure during the descent. He would take a timeout. At least until things had cooled off. That would be best for both of them.
"It symbolises the presence of Christ in the flesh. In our eyes, it is no yoke, but rather a fountain, a source. You will bind yourselves with this golden ribbon, and in doing so ignite and release both His power and yours. The power of the Trinity."
Sherlock examined John carefully. He didn't want to upset or hurt him. But it was absolutely essential that they work together now. That they pool their information.
And then they'd just stood there, close together. Their lips mere millimetres apart. Sherlock's breath on John's mouth. After several heartbeats of hesitation, Sherlock had kissed him again. A surprisingly sweet taste. Soft. His lips unexpectedly tender as they tentatively sought a path in between John's. John had closed his eyes and returned the kiss. His heart thudding, an incredible turmoil in his head, incapable of understanding what was happening. Comprehension dawning slowly that they were kissing and that it felt wonderful. A gently awakening arousal seeping warmly through his body.
"Too dangerous," Sherlock said. He'd started to pace up and down in the living room. "Isn't there another way?"
John was overcome by a sense of panic. That wasn't what he wanted. Didn't want to let go. Not yet. He wanted to endure the pain a little longer, to leave just one more option open for himself and Sherlock. He'd suspected it, suspected that it would be hard. Very hard. Life with Sherlock was hard anyway. An intimate relationship even harder. He'd suspected it and had still been willing to enter into it. Into both. For as hard as it was, it was also an adventure. It was both. But he hadn't expected it to be so painful. So incredibly painful.
Sherlock took a deep breath and let it out again, let all the air flow out, everything, became aware of the tension in his shoulders, in his neck, tried to release it, concentrating on it with his next few breaths. He pulled air into his body, deep, wide, in all directions at once, let go of everything, released everything, let everything flow away, let everything loose. John. The name resounded in him. A vibration deep down, spreading at the tranquil pace of the second hand in his body, filling it. Like the wind reaching playfully into the crown of an old alder tree over in Regent's Park, making the leaves dance, a rustling that moved through the park, passing from tree to tree. The water rippling in the wind. A regular pattern moving across the pond, dark and secretive, complex and illegible in its timeless beauty.
"So," Ethan said, "I suddenly understood the Bible. Things that had never been clear to me before. I suddenly understood that all of the liturgical texts are beautiful vessels that fill themselves if you have what belongs in them inside you. But they aren't the only vessels that can do that. Creation is full of them. You find them when you stop waiting at the station."
"Thanks, you're really helping me out here," Sherlock said politely and clipped the badge to his coat.
Since John didn't know what Sherlock had told his son he was, he answered evasively, "I'm a doctor."
"Stop! Stay within yourself, John," Martin whispered urgently. "Stay entirely within yourself. Centre yourself."
Sergej turned and looked at John. "What should I have done? They killed my mother, injected Pentobarbital into her IV in the hospital. And they would have let you and my father die. I also have a pregnant wife at home. What would YOU have done in my place?"
Sherlock spoke quietly. John gave him a once-over and shook his head. "I don't understand. What role?"
"You lied to him the same as you did to me," John said bitterly. "And him a child who needed a father."
The reaction in John's eyes. John knew what he meant. Sherlock could tell by the brief flash of disbelief, followed by the brittle reflection shutting down any further access to him. It wasn't the first time. He'd tried more than once to leave John in order to protect him. This time would have to be for good. He would have to break John's heart one more time. One final time.
John? John knew what this was about? That had made Sherlock think. If John knew what this was about, why hadn't he said anything? He hadn't been able to see John's reply to his text before they'd taken his phone away. He had no idea what John had written. But Rosie's abduction obviously had something to do with John. Or maybe with Mary? And what about Eurus? Did she have a hand in it?
They sat silently on the back seat of Mycroft's limousine. The driver was fighting his way through the midday London traffic. It wasn't until they'd left the city on the A20 going south and were driving through the countryside that John relaxed a little. He'd had an internal struggle over the fact that they weren't being taken to Baker Street. It was so strange. A journey out into the country, into an unfamiliar life. Not to Baker Street, back to the familiar chaos. John had a hard time with it. Their flat on Baker Street didn't exist anymore. It had been let out. Other people lived there now.
"I don't want to make Mrs Hudson wait long. I promised her I'd pick the little one up on time." John checked his watch. "I only have a couple of minutes."
Sherlock was at the station. John saw him right away. He went to the tall, slender figure standing there motionless, enveloped in the dark coat. It was cold at this altitude at this time of night. Sherlock spread his arms as John approached him, hugged him cautiously. John wasn't prepared for that. This was a new thing from Sherlock. An unfamiliar gesture. John was out of sorts and tense, felt stiff and clumsy in Sherlock's arms, sensed the uncertainty, the other man's hesitancy, the hard, gaunt frame that couldn't seem to reach his. He couldn't just hug Sherlock after all that had happened. He couldn't simply accept what Sherlock was offering. Sherlock couldn't give him what he needed right now, not like this.
Sherlock hummed. Hair brushed John's neck. The tip of a nose, sniffing, snuffling, lips, tongue. A soft, wet nuzzle behind his ear. Sherlock kissed and suckled the sensitive spot, and John's body promptly responded. He reached into Sherlock's hair and pulled him away from his neck.
Sherlock immediately began searching the floor around the corpse, pacing here and there, examining the prayer bench. In the meantime, John took a look at the body. The people from the Yard had taken a few steps back on Lestrade's instructions, to give them room to work.
John searched the blue eyes. "YOU'RE the one who recommended the book to me," he said, his voice icy.
John extended his fingers hesitantly; he couldn't resist it any longer, touched the black strand of hair on his lover's forehead. Just lightly. A reassurance that this was real. It felt as if he were dreaming. As if he were breathing nothing but light and pure joy. Such was the enchantment which lay over the sleeping man.
John closed his eyes. Damn it! Martin wanted to know every last detail. And John had to play his role, had to keep himself open, allow it. Had to find a killer. He had an assignment. In light of the situation, it would be productive to give a positive answer to the question.
"Sherlock," he said, just the one word. It sounded more like a reprimand than a reassurance. If looks could kill, John would have dropped dead in the pew.
It cooled off a bit around two in the morning. Sherlock opened the window and let the night air stream in. It smelt of the smog that sat over London like a lid. But there was also a note of freshness to it. Maybe the trees of the nearby park with their photosynthesis. Maybe the Thames with its water.
Sherlock sat down again after a while and continued reading. It wasn't true that John had been waiting for him the whole time. John had tried over and over again. Given signs, sent signals, talked, acted. Time and again. And he, Sherlock, hadn't understood. All the countless courtesies, looks, the conversations, the shared adventures and experiences. Smiles, touches, words, body language. He, Sherlock, had noticed those things and enjoyed them, the attention, the affection. He'd returned them, absolutely, he liked John, had always liked him, that wasn't the issue here. John was his friend. But he'd misunderstood that friendship. All that time. Hadn't been able to properly read the signs, misinterpreted the signals. And whenever John had become more obvious, he'd looked away.
Her pace was calm and smooth, lively but unhurried, as she entered the restaurant and approached their table, warm physicality and purposeful clarity unified in one. She wore a simple, dark wine-red dress that didn't exactly emphasise the curves of her body, but it also didn't hide them. She had a scarf of the same colour slung over her shoulder. Her reddish, slightly frizzy hair was loose, combed forward over one shoulder.
Sherlock smiled back. "Fine," he said. "We'll go out, go on a date together – with all the implications – and talk about Emmy Noether and music, especially the clarinet."
"Then let me get the files, Mr..." Sherlock leaned forward in order to read the nametag. "Mr Cargony. I've been here with Paul Legganis several times and I know the way to his office. You should be able to verify that in your visitor log. I'll only be a couple of minutes."
"It was made up of 150 pairs of male lovers," Sherlock specified. "And it was said to be an unbeatable force. The best and bravest warriors from near and far. Chaeronea was their last battle, however. They held out until the bitter end, but nearly everyone died." Following several heartbeats of pensive silence, Sherlock added: "They wouldn't abandon each other. That was their downfall."
The shock of the notion was like a bolt of lightning in John's gut. Dismay. John looked into those black eyes and knew he'd been fooling himself. That he stood on the threshhold, that he'd been there the whole time. That Martin was an option. Not for a lifetime, but for a fling. Not for the future, but for the present, the pulsating, very real moment. It was possible with Martin, John realised that right away. He could have sex with him. That was all. No complications. Just sex. His body longed for it. Sex. Free. Open. Just give in. Let it happen. Enjoy. Enjoy it with no strings attached. An alien concept where Sherlock was concerned. Why couldn't he overcome this, why did it crop up again and again? His body was a danger when its needs were unmet. He needed to get away.
Sherlock took a deep breath, closed his eyes for a moment to escape John's gaze. Then he leaned back in his chair, groped absently for the menu, and tried to relax. At least on the outside.
The woman at the front desk was at least 80 years old, if not older. Her grey hair was pinned up in an old-fashioned bun on top of her head. Beneath it, her face was withered and wrinkled. She was knitting but looked up briefly, nodding to Sherlock with a good-natured smile and understanding eyes before she returned to her yarn.
John didn't know what to think, what to feel. Inside him was chaos. A painful chaos that couldn't be healed. Rain outside the open window. It was coming down harder again. The Reichenbach Falls audible, percussive in its abundance.
Maybe it was the smell of coffee that woke him up. Maybe it was John banging around in the kitchen. At any rate, Sherlock slunk into the kitchen fifteen minutes later. He looked sleepy, his hair disheveled from their night of passion, a t-shirt pulled on at the last second, his pyjama trousers barely tied on over his hip bones. John smiled at him.
"There's no other way this time, Sherlock. I'll be going undercover. I need to cut all my ties to London for the mission."
Dr Kenny smiled. Then she said, "Your partner says he's not able to satisfy you sexually. Do you think that's one reason for his jealousy?"
Sherlock thought for a few seconds. "I did some work on the Lowe case a year ago and discovered that Steven Berting was the killer. But there wasn't enough evidence for the case to go to trial. As a result, Lestrade sent Luke Corcoran after Berting. Luke fit Berting's victim profile."
Sherlock wrapped himself in the blanket that was draped over the couch and curled up in it. His phone. He groped for it. Six text messages from John, from throughout the day. John describing the excursion to the lake, sending pictures of himself and Harry and the countryside. Asking for a response, wondering why Sherlock wasn't answering. Sherlock wrote back that he was hard at work, and would report in tomorrow. And thanked him for the pictures.
I fly to Sherrinford twice a week to play music with Eurus. It's an odd sort of experience, and it affects me. I notice it best when I come back home after Eurus and my eyes meet John's. That's when I realise something's different. That everything's different. John feels it too. I can see it in his eyes. Those are moments in which I get a vague sense of what's happening here.
"I've sent a two-person security detail to Mary and the baby. Quite unobtrusive. She won't notice anything. I assume you are in agreement."
John stared out at the night-time streets as they passed by, not really seeing them. He'd left the veterans' meeting before the actual festivities had begun. He'd given the taxi driver the wrong address: 221B Baker Street. He was restless and somehow disorientated. He couldn't go to Sherlock. He felt as if he was the one who had been abandoned.
He opened the cupboard, took out John's duffel bag and set it on the bed. He packed some clothes for John, ones that he knew John liked to wear, jeans, shirts, jumper, sweatpants and a sweatshirt. He added socks, underwear and two sets of pyjamas from the drawer. He knew John's wardrobe and preferences perfectly. The intimacy of that fact made his heart glow briefly. It was something he'd never expected to have in his life. That closeness to another person.
John closed his eyes and simply waited. Martin ran both hands down Sherlock's back, John could feel that much. And then he felt Sherlock relaxing. The temperature rose between them. Sherlock's heart rate increased, became faster and faster. He panted lightly against John's neck. John could feel Sherlock's heart beating hard and fast against his chest and tugged his friend closer, a signal that it was all right. Everything. Including the arousal that seized their bodies, both of them, the fire in their loins, making their genitals swell and press against each other. Sherlock burrowed into John, his fingers digging into John's back, grasping at his hair. He writhed and gasped. He clung to John, and John to him.
Sherlock broke off his playing. Dumbfounded, but still confident enough to reach for a pen and write down the sequence of notes. Inspired. Sherlock played through what he'd written. The lines striving upwards through several attempts. The threshhold. The consciousness of what was perceivable. No, this melody was not sweet. It was austere, yet tender. It wasn't without questions, not without doubt, not without fear. A heartbeat pulsed in the background. And even as Sherlock played, he knew that this wasn't all. There was more. He closed his eyes, let the instrument find its own way, let it sing, let it express what he was undergoing, what he was feeling, what he saw and knew.
Callum paused what he was doing to look at John. Something seemed to have hit him. He took a deep breath.
Sherlock considered that for a moment. He'd clasped his hands behind his back and stared at the gravel path in front of him, lost in thought. "That would explain why there were no signs of a struggle. The victims were distracted by one person and killed by the other."
John didn't leave his side. He got into the ambulance with Sherlock and watched attentively as his colleague tended to Sherlock's injury on the way to the hospital. John looked terrible. Tired and sad. Sherlock saw it all, but didn't say anything. He didn't know what he could have said.
Everything had been surprisingly smooth and easy so far. Sherlock had given John a letter of reference that identified John as an army chaplain, requesting that any recipient support him as he re-adjusted to ecclesiastical life, and to give him any assistance that would promote his spiritual recovery and progress. The letter was written on fancy letterhead stationery and bore the bishop's seal and  signature.
And Molly. Molly was no demon from the past. Molly was flesh and blood, the present, an indispensible part of his work. He was scared to face her again. He hadn't been here at the morgue since everything that happened at Sherrinford. Not alone anyway, just together with John. John had been the one who insisted they talk to Molly.
John decided not to pursue the matter. Sherlock had been reacting with even more resentfulness and jealousy since they'd slept together. It hadn't been that long; maybe things were just too new. It had been chaotic and left them both feeling insecure.
When we reach the cottage, banks of clouds tower to the north-west, a grey band at their base. The precursors of a thunderstorm. We first go to the well behind the house, have a drink and cool off our arms, faces, and necks. Watson runs his wet hands through his hair, smiling at me. The sticky, pale hair standing on end, the water drops on his lashes, make him look like an overeager schoolboy for a magical, fleeting moment. He places one hand on my shoulder and squeezes it before mutely making his way into the house. Mrs Walton has left a simple supper for us: bread, cheese, boiled eggs, cold mutton, wine.
He was worried about Sherlock, for one thing. He couldn't figure out what had happened at the clinic. Dr Kenny had provoked him, poked at his tender spots. She was apparently interested in him. John hoped she would consider including him in Sherlock's therapy. He'd asked around. Dr Melicia Kenny was known for taking unconventional approaches. That didn't always please family members, who she tended to rope into things. She was his only direct connection to Sherlock. But she was also keeping him from Sherlock. Luckily they were able to text, and Sherlock had begun what he'd referred to as the "inundation":
What would Mrs Hudson say? John felt miserable about leaving Sherlock and causing him emotional turmoil. Even if it was all made up: it would send shock waves through their circle of friends. Mrs Hudson would suffer. Molly would be furious, Lestrade alarmed. John wasn't sure about Mycroft. He'd want to protect Sherlock, so he might even be relieved. At any rate, John would need to reckon with everyone coming after him. He needed to prepare and arm himself well. It wasn't like him to just leave someone like that. John knew he never would have done it, or would ever do it, without trying everything in his power first.
"It's best if you don't say anything to John. You know how he is, always so quick to become upset. We don't want anything to mar his happiness as a new father, do we?"
"That's good," Celine said. "The weather's going to turn. You should start back soon. Before three o'clock at any rate. Or are you flying back with the others?"
"I can't discuss things like that with him, and I'm not about to start now," Sergej countered and stood up.
The room froze for a few seconds. Mrs Hudson stood fixed in place in the doorway. Sherlock clung to the chair by the window and struggled to breathe.
John looked over at Sherlock, trying to catch his eye, but Sherlock wasn't looking at him. He stood there, observing the nun, his expression cool and flinty.
"Yeah, I like him," John said honestly. "He's a fascinating bloke. We've been through a lot together, gone through some difficult times. We relied on each other. You can't just sweep that under the rug."
John got up anyway. He felt hollow, like he'd been run over by a lorry. His eyes were swollen and sore, felt as if they were full of sand. Sherlock was right: he couldn't go out in public like this. Even more so after he'd checked the mirror in the bathroom. The ice-cold water felt good. John cooled off his face, couldn't get enough of the coldness. But it stayed on the surface. His heart was raw. The water didn't reach that far.
"Mrs Hudson's already set it up as a nursery," John said. "Rosie sleeps there when she stays with her. But I think Rosie should sleep upstairs with me as long as she's still small. We'd have to take stock again later."
John had asked for some time to think about it. He and Sherlock would have more mutual therapy sessions and work together closely. That would make it possible for him to receive more information and protect Sherlock better. But it would also endanger the case. They wouldn't be able to maintain their roles and it wasn't clear whether Dave would still be interested in a Sherlock who hadn't been walked out on. On the other hand, it had worked well enough so far, at least as far as Sherlock was concerned. Slit wrists were apparently convincing enough. And if you really thought about it, it really only depended on Sherlock. John's role was already done with, no longer relevant. He was nothing more than an extra at this point, one whom Sherlock had been lying to his masseur about the whole time. Sherlock had never actually been rejected. What would happen if they changed the goal of the therapy? Sherlock probably wouldn't even notice. He was too preoccupied with his case.
"I belong to you. But I won't commit any crimes and I won't kill for you. Except myself, if that's what you want."
The forest he had to traverse was a raging hell. Branches flew around. Crashing and howling. Roaring cacophony. John simply kept walking straight on. Thumbing his nose at fate. He didn't care, simply didn't care what happened around him. It would have been fine with him if he'd died. He would have welcomed it. He scorned all of creation and asked to be struck dead, to disappear beneath the chaos. Sherlock was gone. Everything, anything at all, was less painful than that.
His phone rang. Sherlock went to the couch and picked it up. John. He refused the call. Two missed calls. One voice mail message, five new texts. Sherlock set the phone to mute and stuffed it under the couch cushions. Sweat dripped from his face. The stuffy midday heat squeezed into the dusky room through the walls and windows. Sherlock decided to take a shower, wondering even in his continued state of agitation how to capture the variation on paper.
We returned John's body to the earth. I had committed him to memory. Every inch. His overpowering beauty and strength. I felt him every moment. I laid flowers in with him, a witness of my esteem. I was aware of death then, with that gesture. The man I had shared my life with, to whom I had revealed my soul and given my body, did not exist any more. That singular person was no more, who had been the object of the unquenchable longing of my heart, day and night; for whom I had ached. He had freed himself. And myself with him. There was a path to him now.
John looked into the blue eyes in surprise. "Yes. Of course. That's still true, Sherlock. No reason to doubt that," he said, touched. He lifted one hand to rub Sherlock's arm, down to the wrist and the cool, hard hand, where Sherlock's fingers caught his playfully.
"Yes, I drank a glass of wine with him and we talked. Then I went to Baker Street." John smiled. "I slept in your bed and caught an earful from Mrs Hudson."
Sherlock laughed, free and bubbly. My God! How often had John heard him laugh like that? Perhaps a dozen times. A dozen times in their life together. More often recently. John studied the beautiful, carefree face in front of him.
Yes, that sounds familiar. There was a scandal within the church a few years ago. Something about widespread heresy. A group of priests had been secretly practising ancient rituals that went against parts of the canon. In some cases quite radically. The group was exposed because one of the practitioners had a heart attack during one of the rituals. It was all kept rather hush-hush and never really got out to the public. But there was a report in 'Inside'. Hold on."
"You're not my child, Sherlock," John said harshly. He sat up straight and looked at Sherlock, a flicker of anger in his grey eyes. "And yes, you're right: I don't need another child. I'm already overwhelmed with one. What I need is a friend who can stand and walk on his own and take on responsibility. And Rosie needs a godfather who takes the role seriously. The game is over, Sherlock. The stakes are too high." John paused. Their gazes fixed on each other. "It's never going to be a game again," John said then, softer, a moment of pain in his eyes.
Greg Lestrade looked from John to Sherlock and back again. Then he looked down at Magdalena, who steadfastly met his gaze.
"We are going to pay a call on the Widower Waugh to-day," I announce in an attempt to distract my Doctor with other thoughts.
"It still would have needed a certain amount of strength to drive a metal blade through a person's torso, wouldn't it? Not to mention the precision. Between two ribs directly into the heart. Everything had to be just so. The point of insertion, the angle of the blade and the wound, the length of the weapon, the force applied. A heart isn't that big, not always in the same position, and constantly in motion. It's virtually impossible to hit it so precisely."
It does not appear to concern him any further. He closes his eyes once again, stretches contentedly, folds his hands behind his head. He has removed his waistcoat, made himself comfortable. His shirt is open, exposing a section of his bare chest. The blond hairs there. The summer sunshine filters through the leaves of the oak tree, splashing a play of light across his skin. The air smells spicy out here, like grass and greenery. Admixed with the scent of the countless flowers scattered over the meadow in a colourful spray. It is filled with chirrups and buzzing, rustles and hums. The white umbels of the cow parsley,
John flinched, pulled back into himself immediately, into his own weakness and loneliness. What was happening here? What was he doing? Bloody hell! What had he got himself into? He felt Martin's hand rubbing his back, a warm, probing pressure. It was pleasant. He leaned into it. He felt Martin's fist in the small of his back, hard knuckles burrowing into the flesh to one side of his spine. It hurt. John moved forward to escape it, but Martin wrapped his arm around John's lower body from behind and pulled him carefully yet firmly into the counterpressure of his fist. A strong, tender pain shot through John's body when the energy point reacted to the pressure. John gasped and stiffened immediately. Martin held onto him firmly, didn't ease up, pushed his knuckles into John's body.
They ate in silence. Like in the old days. A different flat. A different couch. The same food. The same lies.
John had then gone to his own practise in the afternoon while Sherlock worked out the details of the operation with Rose. It was difficult. John would be entering a closed system they didn't have any access to. Sherlock wanted to make sure John was safe. But Rose was no longer able to use the secret entry point she'd used for Mary without being recognised. Still, she was prepared to do everything she could for John, and activated an agent who could be slipped in as an inmate at short notice to protect John. Rose was preoccupied. Her error with Mary lurked heavy and dark between herself and Sherlock as they discussed the topic. Sherlock accepted Rose's grief and sparse taciturnity. Now, without Lestrade present, Rose expressed her emotions more freely, was more approachable. Maybe because she sensed Sherlock's fear and concern for John.
When the day dawned, Sherlock closed the blinds and pulled the blackout curtains. He made himself some tea, ate the piece of apple pie Mrs Hudson had brought – and which had sat untouched in the refrigerator for the past two days. The world was waking up outside. Five in the morning. He needed to sleep. To eat. John would want him to, would pay attention to things like that. To him. To his health. To the way he lived. John would take care of him, guide him, watch out for him. Give him structure, direction, routine. But John wasn't there.
The man broke down in front of the altar, wracked with misery, and fell onto his face. He stretched out to his full length on the cold stone floor, before the plain, unadorned altar consisting only of three stone steps, a wooden cross and a simple wooden table. He splayed out his arms and legs, his naked body, barely covered by the torn cassock, quaking with relentless sobs.
"Unfortunately, I'm not at liberty to divulge any further information," the woman replied, still calm and business-like. "But I do recommend that you cooperate. It's the most pleasant option for you and will cause the least trouble for everyone concerned."
John nodded, asked for the stethoscope, bent over the little bed as Sherlock sank back against the wall beside the door. Dizzy. Confused. He felt sick.
"Good. Good." Sherlock appeared to be distracted all of a sudden. Lost in thought. Absent. He felt for John with one hand, unfocused, latched onto the sleeve of his cotton jacket and tugged at it meditatively. "John. Come."
Sherlock decided abruptly that the piece was ready to perform for John. It was time to get ready. He cleaned the violin and the bow. Put them both away in the case. He'd taped together the sheet music so that he could play all of the variations without turning any pages – he was playing from his draft copy which he'd added fingerings and bowing notations to, rather than from the fair copy.
He turned away, looking out at the moonlit expanse of snow, at the black skeletons of the trees. I knew of what he spoke. The repressions of society. The constant fear of being reported. Patients turning away from him in disgust. The gossip, the suggestive remarks in the Times. Dr John Watson could not afford to be convicted of sodomy. Nor could I. We had already leant too far out the window, were no longer anonymous members of society. We would drag each other down into misfortune. We had spoken of it long enough, argued long and hard before Watson had left me and created an acceptable alibi for himself with Mary.
"There's already a search on. We need to leave," the man with the gun said to the woman. "Pack some things. Fast!" He waggled the gun frantically toward the stairs.
John left the church about twenty minutes later. He was in a hurry to get out before everyone else. Outside, the new day was just beginning to dawn. It was cold but the rain had stopped and the sky was clear. John stopped in his tracks, astonished. Directly opposite the church door, straight ahead, the morning star was visible low on the horizon.
"It's part of the rite of ordination. Some of the priests have the bishop put a ring on their finger as part of the sixth vow, as an outward sign of their devotion to Christ." *
Magnussen gave a signal. Both men went over to Sherlock and forced him to his knees. Mary. Sherlock closed his eyes. What had happened? One of the men yanked Sherlock's head up by the hair while the other one pressed his silencer into Sherlock's forehead. John. John needed him. If Mary was truly dead, then Sherlock couldn't leave him alone. John. He needed to do something. Now! Sherlock threw his arms up with all the strength he could muster, the revolver flew away, the man flinched back. He punched the other one, looking for an escape route out of the corner of his eye.
The question was sincere. Celine thought about it for a moment, then said, "We have a leak at British Aerospace. Any new discoveries pop up with the French within a very short time, and from there to the Chinese. Someone is selling information and research results. Moriarty has his hand in the game. We set a trap for him at the European arms dealers conference in Ballenberg. But Sherlock got in the way with his private schemes and eliminated Moriarty. Now we need to start all over again."
But Sherlock disagreed. "Whatever it was, John, we knew it was coming, something was going to set it off. If not some action or emotion, then the passage of time. It's fine. Let's just accept it."
John fell silent for a long time. He was standing in the door to the kitchen with his teacup, leaning on the door frame and staring at the cup in his hand. He took a deep breath and then spoke, sadness and resignation in his voice.
Sherlock fell silent. Breathing. He didn't look up. His fingers slid away from the glass onto the white cloth, seemed to explore the texture beneath the pads of his fingers for a moment, then lay still.
He let go of John's arm, grabbed hold of the coat hanging on the hook, closed his eyes, and took a shaky breath. Taken aback, John studied Sherlock's pale face. He looked exhausted with his wet hair in the poor light of the entryway. John swallowed. The unexpected words had taken him by surprise and shaken him. The remarkably long and unequivocal statement.
His voice was laced with pain. John inhaled sharply. Sherlock's words made him shiver. Made him realise all at once that something had changed between them. These words were new. New emotions. A painful, deep, delicate layer. What had he got himself into? Sherlock was right. He knew neither of them was capable of pretending at what was between them. Not on any level of their relationship.
The music forges a connection between Eurus and me in a clear, straightforward manner. Playing together requires a degree of concentration and engages our mental capacity: both mine and my sister's. At the same time, it opens up a subliminal emotional pathway. I treat it with care. I can direct it through the music, opening it wider or narrowing it. Eurus can too. We are on equal footing when it comes to music. It enables us to approach each other whilst maintaining our distance. Both at the same time. A balance that we strike between us, that allows us to be close without risk, without feeling insecure.
It was quiet in the living room. All he could hear was Mycroft snuffling. Then the porcelain, the cup scraping the saucer as it was lifted. Mycroft drinking, swallowing. The cup being returned to the saucer. The spoon laid alongside it.
"Yeah. You're right. I guess that's something I need mercy for." It was quiet for a long time. Then John said, his voice low and reflective: "Lord have mercy. Christ have mercy. Lord have mercy on me."
"I'm a consulting detective and was undercover in the clinic as part of the investigation," Sherlock said. "John never left me. It was all pretend."
The corner of Mycroft's mouth twitched. John's fingers dug into the wool of Sherlock's coat. He'd reached for Sherlock automatically where he stood close beside John, had found his sleeve and latched onto it.
His voice sounded so distant that John wasn't sure whether Sherlock was really aware of him, or whether he was talking to himself. But then Sherlock raised his eyes and took the bow away from the strings. He looked at John, and John moved toward the light-coloured eyes, fascinated by the way they were still so distant, their focus turned inward as if in the grip of a dream, the pupils blown wide. Softly gleaming silken shimmers. John stopped in front of the armchair and they watched each other silently for several seconds, during which Sherlock found his way halfway back to the here and now.
John sat down, unresisting. Sherlock filled a glass with cold milk and placed it on the table in front of John. He spread some butter on a piece of bread, cut it in half, put it on a plate, added some cheese that he'd cut into thin strips along with two pickles. John looked at him without really registering what was happening.
Sherlock's body was seized by another bout of tremors. It took a long time until they reached the palette in the corner. It was difficult for John to maintain his orientation, his thoughts were murky, his throat no longer able to form the words he wanted to say. Sherlock was greatly weakened by his numerous injuries, unable to put any weight on the one leg. Using his last reserves of strength, John dragged him over the dusty floor and heaved him up onto the palette.
"No," Sherlock said, annoyed. "No, I'm not sure. But even if Dave and Margret aren't the murderers themselves, they'll lead us to the killer. I'm sure of it. That's why you cannot come with me tomorrow night, John. Even if Dave's invited you. No matter who the attacker turns out to be: I need to be alone, I have to remain a potential victim. I don't know what's got into Dave. He knows perfectly well that you're not coming."
I stand in the middle of the chamber, ensconced in the towel, dripping. The Doctor stands in front of me. His eyes are gleaming. A glow from the deepest depths. Lightning flashes in. He smiles. A gentle, tender, expectant smile, as he reaches for the hand holding the towel over my chest, takes the cloth from me and slowly draws it away from my body. Rough linen scrapes my skin. Watson observes me unabashed. His breaths come quicker. His gaze is palpable on my body. Lingering. I can feel it as if it were his fingers. The roaring and raging outside.
John remained calm. He hadn't considered Mycroft. Next of kin and official contact for the clinic. Of course they'd informed him of the change.
"What's going to happen with Sergej?" John broke in to ask, in an attempt to put an end to the mutual accusations of the two brothers.
"He's getting by? And you think that means he's fine? You probably told him you're doing splendidly too, didn't you?"
"That won't work," John said. "We may see each other now and again, for a couple of days somewhere in the world. We may sleep together. But we won't have a life together anymore. We won't share anything. We'll be lonely, we'll lose that closeness. You'll die somewhere out there and I won't even know it."
The taxi driver slid back the partition and John handed him a couple of notes. They got out and stood there for a moment in the rainy hustle and bustle on the pavement. Sherlock flipped up the collar of his coat. John huddled down in his jacket. Then they set off in the direction of the restaurant, Sherlock's hand on John's back for the space of two heartbeats.
Desire exploded between them, strong and wild. They let it overtake them, no questions asked, not thinking about it, let themselves be carried away by the breathless fever. There were no games. They made love, honestly, intimately, quickly. Fast, like the first time. It was only a matter of minutes before they arrived unerringly at the finish line, eagerly letting themselves be swept across it. Sherlock gasped and writhed, and the moonlit ecstasy of his friend immediately carried John over the edge too. A heartbeat later, he dug his fingers into the dark curls, and they kissed each other in the ebbing rush of their joining, desperate and tender.
Their conversation had somehow turned the corner into an interrogation. John was aware of that, and his responses were accordingly cautious. He was careful to stick to the story he'd worked out with Sherlock.
The upper station was gloomy and overcast, visibility poor. Dusk was already falling. The goat bells were far away. The rattling of the rain all around. Far and wide no Sherlock who might have picked him up. John ignored the cold and damp and set off, walked the last bit up to the cabin slow and deliberate. The ground was wet, the stones slippery. The steep ascent warmed him up a little, got his circulation going. That was something anyway.
John reached out one arm to grab Sherlock's phone, which lay on the coffee table, and held it out to his friend. "Call him. Tell him we can't come to the wrap-up conference."
"It's so far removed from everything we usually do and think about," he said. "You're a scientist, Sherlock, a man of logic."
"I'm here too, John. And Mrs Hudson. And my parents. They've always wanted grandchildren." Sherlock couldn't quite suppress a smile.
He didn't want to give himself away, didn't know what kind of situation John was in. Rose had received confirmation from the agent she'd planted that one of the inmates really had gone into labour. It could be true that John was assisting with a birth.
Sherlock hugged John unexpectedly, right there on the dark path in the midst of the wind and the rain. Just stopped in his tracks and pulled John close. Almost rough. Clumsy. His coat damp, his hair wet, his arms heavy around John's neck. His slim body flung – thrown – into John's arms with its full weight. After a moment of surprise, John put his arms around Sherlock's waist, tugged his body all the way in and held on to him. A gasping sigh against John's neck, damp-wet heat. Raindrops. Strands of hair glued to John's temple by the wind.
John smiled. "We're in a saltwater bath, Sherlock. And if possible, we should avoid causing a public spectacle. But we can go home whenever you want."
Mary looked peaceful. Her facial features completely relaxed. The bandage on her head as white as snow. A plastic clasp around her jaw. Her bloodless hands were placed on top of each other over the sheet. John and Sherlock stood there a long time without speaking, just looking at her. Someone had put a chair next to the bed. John sat down. Sherlock stayed standing next to him. He felt empty. Tired and empty. Mary was dead. Mary. He and she had had a connection. He could feel it now, painfully, now that he'd lost her. Sherlock didn't know if he was crying. His eyes were dry. It was as if all the tears were running down inside him, through him, flowing down the wounded walls of his insides, a river washing everything away. Leaving behind this terrible emptiness.
I am horrified at the comparison. Watson smirks. He seems to take pleasure in upsetting me with such declarations.
Ethan reached for the teapot, refilled his and John's cups after Sherlock had indicated with a gesture that he didn't want any more tea.
"I know you're jealous, Sherlock. I'm sorry. It's nothing serious, don't worry. Come down and let's spend the rest of the time together. Should I come home?"
There had been one time, though, out in Regent's Park. They'd been walking beside each other for a while, not speaking; he'd said something to John then, and as John had turned toward him, lost in thought and still half a world away, it had been like stumbling across another world in his eyes. Deep, mellow grey. And that field between them. He'd forgot whatever it was he'd wanted to say. And for once, he hadn't retreated. Maybe because he'd been so startled, so fascinated, so taken by surprise. Because he trusted John. For several long moments. The truth between them. Warmth. Sadness. Longing. Unspoken.
John hiked up the Rosenlaui gorge the way he already knew. At the top was the trail to the Engelhorn lodge he'd hiked a week ago. The trail to the Dossen lodge veered off here, and pretty soon John left the forest behind, following the Dossen trail across barren rock. A lonely desert of stone. A moraine landscape. Steep and remote. Vertical rock faces. All alone. The shriek of a jackdaw. Up here?
*** Therefore I beseech, pray for me to the Lord our God. The complete liturgical text here would be:
They watched each other. Sherlock felt himself trembling inside. His heart was thudding so hard he could feel it. Such a struggle. So much effort to ask for a bit of time from this man with whom he'd shared so much. Hours, months, years. Day and night.
"You are wrong, Holmes. Your body reacts in a perfectly normal manner. And you have the usual bodily functions that any man has. Not even your brilliant mind can spare you that. So just stop it." The anger in Watson's voice cannot be missed now.
"Why did she have Mary taken to Holloway?" Sherlock repeated his question. He was furious. "And where is the child, for Christ's sake!"
"There's an internet cafe in Holloway," said Rose. "The inmates can send emails and surf the internet there under supervision. They need a special login code and everything they look at is registered, and their emails are read before they're sent."
Sherlock had said to him once. And after John had pointed out that that was the same as running away, he'd replied:
It turned into a long night. Rose's computer expert had found the computer that was responsible for controlling Copernicus. They'd also found an NAS server with encrypted and encoded access data for public buildings. All of the information was in the Holloway network. The computational capacity outstripped that of the prison's internet cafe and administrative computers by severalfold,  indicating that there was a hidden computer room somewhere in Holloway. The facts were sufficient to order a house search. Lestrade submitted the paperwork right away.
"Whatever for, John? It's titillating to kiss the case into you, distribute the facts across your skin, combined with legends and dragons and mysteries; to lick them into you, love them into your body. Oh! To infiltrate you with them completely. We're going to be part of all that soon."
Sherlock was sitting in his chair in front of the fireplace, lost in thought, staring off somewhere into the distance. He held the violin upright on his left thigh as he stroked the long bow across the strings. Very slowly, without exerting any pressure. A soft, scratchy, sonorous sound. His left hand on the fingerboard, as if in slow motion, fingering random notes on auto-pilot then lying still for long seconds while the bow set the strings in motion. Not in a melody. Just long, vibrating oscillations, so slow that they threatened to disintegrate into their overtones at any moment. Sherlock didn't seem to be aware of what he was doing.
An hour. They were supposed to sit here for an entire hour in preparation for the subsequent talk therapy session together. That was all. Nothing more.
Sherlock looked horrible. Pale and sunken. His hair had been shaved off where his head wound had been stitched up. Oxygen. Stomach tube. Bruises on his face, his arms, his torso. The orange from the Betadine everywhere. Wounds, stitches, scrapes. Most were uncovered. One leg and one hand in casts. Sherlock was sedated and didn't move. He was asleep.
John shook his head in aggravation. "Listen to me," he said. "I'm on my way to London and I don't feel like being dragged into your games. I'm a free man."
It took half an hour before Sherlock recovered enough to struggle to his feet and wash his face. His nose had stopped bleeding. He dragged himself to the table, where the soup and both plates still stood, sat down and covered his face with his hands. John had withdrawn to the armchair again. Now he stood up and sat down across from Sherlock.
"Stop it, Molly." Sherlock was startled at how injured his own voice sounded. Molly's accusations hurt. He hadn't lied to John. He simply hadn't given him all the information. He'd never known a complete exchange of information to be a requirement in a relationship. He'd never truly understood that, and he still didn't. No one shared everything. Even Mary had withheld the truth from John and still loved him, even married him and bore his child – a showcase model for a relationship. Why was it so important to reveal that which one believed to be the truth?
"And you're married to me too. Remember that?" John's voice was quiet now. The immediate presence of the grief he wasn't able to handle. Desolation. Nothing but the hiss of the gas heater in the stillness of the flat. A television was running somewhere.
Watson is waiting. His grey eyes glitter, his lips are parted. I move closer to him, reach out my hand, trace the elongated bow of his upper lip with my fingertips. I dip into his mouth, fascinated by the feel of the moist, warm, soft flesh. Watson suckles on my fingers, his tongue wetting them with saliva, and I withdraw, drawing a wet line across his lips, passing over them, breathless. In and out. In again. Watson has closed his eyes. He moans softly. My prick reacts strongly when he licks my middle finger with abandon, draws it into his mouth and sucks on it lasciviously.
. What sweet last words," Magnussen mocked. "However, I'm afraid you will not be able to fulfill her final wish. What a shame."
Sherlock didn't respond. He scanned the three individuals, the room. There must be some way of overpowering them, getting away, contacting John. Or Lestrade.
"Nothing will be happening tomorrow," Sherlock said. "Let's do an outing." He gently withdrew his hand from his friend's, picked up the stationery pad and wrote:
I sit there, not knowing what I should do. Go after him? I should not have mentioned the potassium bromide. I used to use it to enforce calm in my body when the Doctor's proximity awakened undesired impulses in me. It allowed me to deny my feelings and reject the Doctor. For many, many months.
"Yes. Yes, he was with me." That bottomless sense of fatigue. It settled over Sherlock like a heavy blanket. He sat slumped down in the comfortable armchair, and for a moment he was afraid he would fall asleep if he didn't focus. "He was the one who found Victor's bones. In the well. He's a doctor. He saw that they weren't dog bones."
"I'd suspected all along based on the murder dates that the two Lowe murders had something to do with a Celtic holiday. I didn't know how, however. I remembered that a client had once mentioned in the course of a different case that there was a therapist at the Rosenfeld Centre who celebrated Celtic holidays. I thought I could sell it that way. As an undercover mission in the Rosenfeld Centre for the Lowe case. That was all ongoing and current. But there was a time factor. The celebration is always at the beginning of August."
"That's also my belief, Watson. And in the meantime, Waugh could have ridden home and killed his wife. His farm is also only five minutes away from here."
John stared into the grey eyes in the mirror. There was something deep down that belonged to Major James Sholto, and which he kept hidden from Sherlock.
He felt John, deep in that exhilaration, his proximity both startling and bewitching, felt him with every fibre of his being, with every impression from his senses, drew him in with every breath, with every heartbeat. John, who reacted to him, strong and direct. Who confirmed each of his impulses, reinforced them, returned them. A breathless game beyond any rules, their senses open wide and wrapped up in each other. John.
Sherlock led John into a side aisle. Along the wall, the stations of the cross were depicted in the figures of Jesus of Nazareth. Sherlock's hand gripped John's tightly. They crept more than walked, crept along the dark aisle. Past the grey sandstone sarcophagus that seemed to be exhaling mustiness.
Sergej didn't answer for a long time. Then he lowered himself reflectively into the chair next to John's bed.
John, on the other hand, found it bothersome to interact with people when he was wearing the cassock or the white collar with his street clothes that identified him as a priest. He tended to react coolly. And yet it made him very aware of what it meant to be a priest. It was a profession between two poles, between God and man. The art was to be open to both, to forge connections with both. In moments like that, John was just grateful he was nothing more than a doctor.
"How can you know that? Maybe you won't be killed, fine. But we have no idea what else happened. The victims are dead and can't tell us. And the killer might do something different this time. Which pond are you going to?"
Lestrade ran off. John considered running after him and joining the officers. But then he decided to let Lestrade and his people do their job. He'd done his part and would continue to do so, together with Sherlock. It was comforting to know that Lestrade had a good lead anyway, and was going out on a call. Maybe the perpetrators would be caught and arrested. Then there would be no need for Sherlock to go to that weird ritual thing on Friday and put himself in danger.
"Verena Wilmer had a file on her desktop computer with passwords and access codes, including a six-digit numerical code. It fit the safe. I guess she has a poor memory for trivial things like passwords and safe combinations."
John hesitated a moment. He hadn't expected that question. Not so soon. The scene with Sherlock came to his mind. He'd asked Sherlock the same thing within 48 hours of meeting him. He hadn't known him well enough at that point to understand how difficult a question like that was for him. John smiled. Then he forced himself to remember his mission, his role at the club. He was an undercover investigator.
