He was finally happy.
is how you repay me? By putting yourself in danger,
“Oh.” He replies dumbly, feeling very awkward all of a sudden. Unable to meet Cas’ eyes he just stares at his feet. “Right. Well. That’s okay…” He trails off, not really sure what he’s saying anymore.
“Okay, give me a minute to get ready,” Dean said, attempting a grin. From the look Sam shot him in return, he didn’t get close.
“He’s in love…” Gabriel declares, and all of a sudden he seems to be in one of his rare serious moods.
Dean knew he was being less than convincing, but he was hoping Sam would just go along with it.
the words – and he and Sam have gotten into an odd new routine. Though they are still hunting, they are living a strangely domestic life at the bunker in the time in between. Every day Dean gets up, makes his bed, and feeds and walks Miracle, before settling into a chair to do research, or heading out on a case.
“Dean…” Suddenly, Sam looks very worried. He wrings his hands and glances around the room as if he expects someone else to turn up and take over what he clearly thinks is an extremely difficult conversation. Eventually, he says, “Don’t you remember? Cas is dead.”
“It’s your turn, man!” Gabriel exclaims jollily.
Dean slowly stood and made his way around the table so he was standing next to where Castiel sat. Cas looked up at him, confusion gracing his beautiful features before he stood too. It felt as though his bright eyes were boring into Dean's very soul.
For a moment, Dean says nothing, wondering how it’s possible for Cas to think his death was
They both dive to grab the fallen weapon but Dean, in his distracted and sleep-deprived state, is slightly too slow. As the demon stands before him, he makes one last attempt to grab the weapon from her, without success. She quickly attacks and he tries to block but is too late. Searing pain runs up his side.
“Dean, I don’t understand this game.” Cas states as he kneels in the centre of the circle, waiting for the hunter to do something.
"Hmm" Cas looks at him thoughtfully, “I would really quite like to kiss you again, Dean.” he tells the other man matter-of-factly, and Dean is actually quite shocked at his boldness.
When he eventually speaks, he sounds completely heartbroken for having caused Dean such pain. “I am truly sorry, Dean. I guess I just thought… I’ve died before and you’ve coped fine. I didn’t realise this time it would have such a profound effect on you.”
“Is that all it’s been?” Dean asked quietly. “Seems like an eternity…" He trailed off as his thoughts wandered back to tear-filled blue eyes and heartfelt confessions. He shut his eyes, willing the pain to go away but knowing it wouldn't. "
his back.
The final straw for Sam comes when he enters the kitchen one afternoon to find Dean trying to bandage a large, bloody gash on his hand, arguing heatedly with thin air.
before, but even if you meant what I-” he stops himself saying ‘hoped’. “Uh, what I
Cas looked like he was about to say something but Dean couldn't hold in his anger any longer, "What the hell have you been doing for the past three weeks?" Dean blurted out, and before Cas could even reply he continued. "Do you know how worried I've been, Cas? What I thought had happened to you? Jesus," he cried, throwing his arms in the air and beginning to pace back and forth, "What was I supposed to think when thousands of angels want you dead and you can't even take the time to make a frickin' phone call to let me know you're okay?" Dean's voice was getting louder as he released all the pent up emotions that he'd been refusing to let the his brother and Kevin see.
, and left them a note saying he had gone out for supplies and to call if they needed anything.
Cas’ eyes flitted down to stare at his hands and Dean thought he looked almost
“What happened?” Dean asks as he glances around the room casually.
“God, Dean. I thought so too! I was so worried. You started spurting all this stuff about 'this being the end' and babbling about the night you came to get me from college and–”
They sat in the war room together, Dean on the floor, leant against the wall, and Sam at the table. They drank to their newfound freedom, to the people they had saved; to the friends they had lost along the way. But no matter how much Dean drank, he couldn’t stop thinking about Cas, the look on his face as the Empty swallowed him, the words he had uttered to summon it–
kissing my brother.”
stupid
excited for it, as he always would have been before; like he’s not just there as a distraction from feeling like he’s dying inside.
He pointedly ignores the constant drum in his head of
Dean thinks,
He turns to Castiel, “Cas?”
(And he feels guilty. Guilty, after all Cas had told him about how
after
whether you have your powers or not. I just care about
want to talk about this!" Dean growled, slamming the door in his face. The supplies could wait until tomorrow.
? Don’t you
“Err, let me think-
Dean just laughs and slings his arm around Cas’ shoulders. “Where do we go from here then, Cas?” He asks, unsure of how to act around Cas after the conversation they’d just had.
He has moved closer to Cas now; so close that the tips of their boots are touching, their faces mere inches away from each other. “I know how much you do for me and I’ve never even thanked you. So here I go, Cas. Thank you, for everything. I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel unwanted, unloved, that’s
alter that fact.”
Realization dawned on the creature’s version of Dean’s face.
When Sam laughs about the tears in Dean’s eyes, Dean goes along with it, pretends like they’re because of his love of
“Oh.” Cas says simply, before adding, “Yes, I suppose I should have seen that coming.”
that he didn’t even try to stop the words from spilling out of his mouth. “He said he loved me,” he muttered, looking up at Sam with glassy eyes.
“What? No,” replies a very different voice as a shot rings out and the mother collapses on top of Dean. Gasping, he pushes the body off of himself and jumps to his feet in time to see Sam tucking his gun back into his waistband. “I told you
“Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything, y'know,” Dean continues and Cas shoots him a bored look. “Oh, we are
. There was a small mark on his neck, where the dried blood Dean had seen earlier had clearly been cleaned away from, and a cut on his arm where, Dean assumed, Sam had done the silver test.
He sees Cas again on the next hunt, with a small coven of witches, and the one after that with a wendigo. Wherever Dean runs into trouble, Cas is always there. Dean resigns himself to the fact that his grief has driven him mad. He keeps Sam in the dark about his hallucinations, but his brother isn’t stupid and is clearly growing suspicious.
“Do you really think so little of yourself?” Dean almost sobs.
Dean’s heart is in his mouth as he shuts his eyes and leans in to kiss the man who has been the object of his affection for well over four years…
Cas spits.
But Dean can’t bring himself to broach the topic. Every now and then Sam will make a passing comment about Cas – trying to be subtle, urging Dean to reveal more – but Dean will just swallow hard and bottle up his feelings like he always has, avoiding the question and quickly excusing himself to the privacy of his own room to break down in.
“Sammy,” Dean tries to say, but his throat is so dry it comes out as more of a cough.
Cas looks mildly offended and Gabriel laughs loudly, “Rules are rules, Dean!” and Dean has to hold back from hitting the smug son of a bitch as he shoves a wide-eyed Cas towards him.
“I… don’t need… to kill you,” Cas growled, lifting the scythe towards himself.
When Sam asks Dean “you sure you’re ready for this?” as they exit the Impala, Dean knows what he’s talking about; this is the first time Dean’s left the bunker for something other than a hunt since
Dean had been pacing the room as he said his piece, but with this question, he comes to a stop in front of Cas, a couple of meters between them. “I know the last few years have been tough, I know I haven’t appreciated you like I should’ve. I’ve said things I shouldn’t have said – things I didn’t mean.
They entered the barn, slowly, carefully, with their guns drawn and their torches raised. The walls were still covered with the warding Dean and Bobby had painted all those years ago, and there, lying in the center of the devil’s trap they had sprayed on the floor, was a body.
“I’m not an angel anymore, Dean. And I meant it- I still mean it. I love you.”
He crashes through the door and the three werewolves inside immediately bare their teeth. The mother springs in front of her two children, pushing them back in a protective movement. Dean dodges as she jumps towards him, grabbing the son and shoving him against the wall. Normally it would be more of a struggle but the children are clearly inexperienced in a fight and Dean has no problem lopping the boy’s head off with one swing of his machete. This turns out to be a bad idea; both the mother and daughter immediately scream in anguish and the mother again pounces towards Dean. This time he doesn’t have time to dodge and is knocked to the floor.
– but there was one that he had been simultaneously desperate and terrified to ask, ever since Cas had said those words; a question to which he was sure that whatever the answer was, it would break him.
That isn’t the last time it happens.
But then it hits Dean: Cas’ powers during the hunt. Cas is back to full-on angel. Perhaps he had actually been worried that Dean
“Honestly, he’s an idiot if he couldn’t see it, Castiel!” Gabriel exclaims, but Castiel is already shoving him towards the house. He looks more furious than Dean has ever seen him in the whole time he’s known the angel.
“That’s
“Gabriel.” Cas growls in warning.
my love, but once I understood it I realised it had always been there. I am in love with you – no matter what form I take. Regaining my full grace could
It’s been a couple of weeks since Cas
He smirks at Cas, brushing his hands away from him, and walks towards the front door. “You’re welcome, assholes!” he laughs, before disappearing back inside.
then she wouldn't let me leave."
As he wheeled his trolley round the corner of the last aisle Dean was greeted with a sight that made him freeze mid-step; Castiel was standing awkwardly by the till, talking to the elderly cashier behind it. He was covered in bruises and cuts, with bags under his eyes that made it look like he hadn't slept in days. His usual trench coat and suit were missing and he was dressed instead in a baggy, dark blue hoodie, faded jeans and a grey t-shirt, but it was unmistakeably Cas.
Dean stares at the other man, shocked and utterly speechless after Gabriel’s announcement and the followup of Castiel not even
Gabe ignores him, turning to face Dean fully, “He’s in love with you, Dean.”
to live?” Cas pulls him up by his shirt collar and slams him against the nearby wall.
He said nothing for several minutes, but Dean waited uncharacteristically patiently.
“Yeah,” Sam frowns, “and by the way, I am
) and a few times he had even ventured in to the surrounding towns specifically in search of Cas, but his search had so far been unproductive as he either found nothing or bumped into angry angels also searching for his friend, and all too happy to use Dean as their own personal punch bag until he gave them information about him. Luckily most of them had been injured in the fall and weren't too difficult to gank or banish, but Dean was getting pretty tired of having to deal with them.
Dean tries to be happy with what they have. He tries to be happy now that he’s free, but every day his heart grows heavier.
At the beginning of the second week Dean had convinced himself that Cas
Dean stopped pacing but continued with his rant, ignoring Cas' comment, "What am I supposed to think when you say you'll come back here but you never do? Hell, Cas, it doesn't take more than a couple of days to get here from Longmont! I've been waiting here for
more guys than girls.” Kevin and Ash nod glumly in agreement, though neither of them really seem too thrilled about the whole spin the bottle situation anyway.
The world was ending, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to get up. His world had been ripped from him, and he had never even gotten the chance to tell Cas how much he had meant to him.
about you? Giving up a millennia for a human who will be gone in the blink of an eye… Or sooner than that, even. What you did made no difference; you probably bought him a day, at most. He can’t stop God.”
Sam looked at him, one eyebrow raised in confusion, an invitation for Dean to continue.
Cas gave him a look and continued. “So it may upset you to know… that I am now human,” Dean looked at Cas, wide-eyed and confused, so Cas elaborated. “The Empty is where angels go when they die,” he explained slowly. “Apart from I wasn’t dead, I had just been
Cas frowns and slaps Dean’s shoulder, never a fan of these sort of jokes.
“Cas, I–” he began, but Cas stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
this time and he has so many regrets about the things he left unsaid.
When he got to the store he headed straight for the pie, 'cause hell, if that wasn't the most important supply Dean didn't know what was. He spent a while browsing the aisles, not eager to return to the bunker and have Sam and Kevin tell him how 'okay' everything was going to be
“Don’t say that Dean. We just gotta keep researching, y’know, I’m sure we’ll find something.”
“What was that about?” Dean growled, popping a painkiller in his mouth and downing it with a swig of whisky from the near-empty bottle on the table.
, he thought automatically but recognized the ragged silhouette a heartbeat later. Castiel sat with his back straightened like a proper soldier, deep in thought. So he was still here. Dean was genuinely surprised, he hadn't thought guarding his sleep was Castiel's top priority when everything was going to shit with the world.
He doesn’t have to wait for long; a meager amount of people start trickling in from the doors, and Cas is among them, dragging a heavy suitcase behind him, looking scruffy and exhausted. Dean can’t help the huge smile that forms on his face, heart leaping in his chest, and his legs start slowly carrying him towards Cas, like he’s drawn to him. Cas spots him, and the echoing smile Dean gets in return, is equally soft and delighted. And suddenly Dean just
. Now Castiel probably thinks he’s coming onto him,
Cas greets him and Dean pulls him into a hug, makes it really count, holding him close like he’s a precious thing, and Cas leans into the embrace easily. Something fragile shifts in his chest, easing up the pressure that has been holding him down for weeks.
“It’s just Cas.”
“C’mere.” Dean doesn’t wait for Cas to catch on, but takes initiative by snaking a hand from under the covers and tangling his fingers in Cas’ dark curls, pulling him forward for a kiss. He tastes like rain and stormy winds, lips chapped and salty. Cas melts against him easily, opening his mouth and letting Dean guide the pace, hand curling around his torso possessively. “You cheesy cowboy. You wanna make it up to me, for missing my birthday?” Dean murmurs against Cas’ lips with a playful smile, taking his lower lip between his teeth and tugging it gently. He doesn’t like voicing it aloud, but god he has missed Cas, and it feels so good have him here.
oh crap shit is getting real! The day when I don't feel inspired to write some hurt!Dean, is the day I die.
“Okay, just one thing-“ he starts, turning sideways to look at Dean. Drum roll, the curtains rise, here’s the encore, folks.
“Too much?”
“That was my whole opinion.” He says it straight-faced, but Dean can see his lips twitching, hiding a smile. He huffs, faking irritation.
Well, technically it turns out to be more than five minutes, but Dean blames his hangover. Roughly after seven hours they are finally nearing Lawton, riding the Impala around the outskirts of the town, trying to find a suitable motel. They’ve hardly said a word during the first half of the trip, although Sam has dug out some new info on religious murders in the last five months, and curtly gives Dean the details. The cases have been happening mostly in small towns all over the country, some even in Canada, increasing in the last two months. They throw around some ideas and Sam tries to narrow down their suspects. “I’m out if it’s witches, man. That’d be just fucked up, Jesus-witches”, Dean says in disgust. But Sam is convinced it’s got something to do with angels, maybe a group of them, or even demons with a weird sense of humor. “The whole explosion thing would fit angel M.O.,” Sam thinks aloud, and Dean argues it could be hex bags too. The bickering restores some normalcy to their interaction, and they seem to leave some of the tension back behind them on the road. Sam still feels more jittery than normal, often stealing unsubtle glances at his direction, drumming his fingers against his thigh, but whatever secrets he’s got buried underneath, Dean’s not gonna give him the satisfaction of digging it up. Either way, they got nothing concrete when they pull to the parking lot of a shabby motel, called the Shanghai Inn. It’s dark already, soft drizzle making the windshield all foggy, and Dean peers outside, taking in the run-down green paint and half-decayed oriental decorations on the door frames.
“Yeah yeah mom, you just keep the beers coming,” Dean mumbles, taking a swig from the bottle and grimacing when the bitter drink stings his bloody gums. Sam shakes his head and scoffs. A feeble attempt at normalcy. Cas sighs heavily, and Dean steals a wary glance where he’s sitting, slumped in his seat from exhaustion.
“Yeah, ha ha.”
“No,” Dean rasps out, but he flicks his watery eyes towards his brother, quietly signaling him to move. His mouth tastes like bile and the hospital garb clings to his skin, damp with blood and rain. He feels cold and miserable and his entire body fucking hurts.
is harder than he even thought.
“Yeah, and?”
“You make it sounds like he had cancer or another terminal illness.”
“Dean, for what’s it worth, I am really sorry about your father. And sometimes talking makes it just a little better. So, uh...if you ever want to talk…” he procures a piece of paper and a pen from his pocket, writes something on it. “Here’s my number. I would enjoy talking with you again.”
“You never spoke about-”
“Hey, Cas,” he whispers, weakly gesturing with a nod for him to step closer, and some of the tension bleeds away from the angel’s posture. Sam glances between them with a scrutinizing expression, wordlessly getting up, making room for Cas, who takes up the space hesitantly. Dean sees his brother retreating further back in the room in his peripheral vision, allowing them some space.
“You actually want that?”
Now Dean doesn’t dare to touch Castiel when he shuffles stiffly to take his seat at the kitchen table. Doesn’t dare to look. To see the guilt. He feels the pain radiating from the angel a mile away. Or it could be the blossoming bruises painted on his own swollen face. Even Sam seems reluctant to hold Dean’s gaze, settling for awkward glances and smiles, mostly staring at his beer bottle. Either way, there’s a big, fat elephant in the room and nobody is willing to adress it. A whole herd of them actually, stomping around. The mark of Cain, gone. Dean almost killing Sam.
“Dean! What the hell just happened?” Sam is right there in his face, frantic, cupping his head in his hands. Dean tries to wave him off, tell him that he’s okay, but his fingers are still twitching, and he feels like a huge rock was dropped on him. He manages a nod, and Sam eases up.
“I’m sorry for saying those things to you. None of it is true. You have to know that. I was just weak, and I thought running away was easier.” Cas continues, relentlessly breaking him apart further. His voice hitches like it’s stuck on enormous lump in his throat, clothes and hair disheveled and damp with rain, and fuck that, Cas doesn’t get to earn him back with his misery and heartfelt apologies. The anger fuels Dean again, and he finds strength to move and take control of the situation, he
“What do you mean?”
“Dean, no. I’m not pulling your family into his messes, please just let it go.” Cas looks at him sharply, his voice not leaving any room to argue. Dean finds himself retreating back with a reluctant apology ready on his lips, but Cas quickly puts a placating hand on his arm, placing a more soft smile on his lips.
They go about their evening routines in an uncomfortable silence. Cas disappears into the shower after Dean, while he crawls under covers and curls up on his side, back facing the other side of the bed. Well fuck. This wasn’t how their road trip was supposed to be going at all. He’s not entirely sure, what the fuck just happened, but the level of discomfort just reached epic proportions and blew the roof off. This he’s pretty sure of; he caused it.
Dean thought,
. I buried this feeling so deep that when you told me you loved me I just– I didn’t know how to react. But now I know, Cas. I just want the chance to make you happy," Dean took a deep breath, preparing himself to admit something he had spent years living in fear of. "I hope you can forgive me for everything I've said, everything I've done in the past to make you feel unappreciated. There's a lot I wish I could take back - a lot I should have said instead - but I wanna try my best to make it up to you. I'm sorry I didn't have the courage to say this sooner, Cas... But I love you,” Cas’ eyes widened, as though standing there, mere inches away from Dean, with Dean’s hand pressed to his cheek, he had
“What really happened, Dean? With Cas?” Sam asked suddenly, shaking Dean from his spiralling thoughts. “Jack told me about the deal; Cas was only supposed to be taken when he felt true happiness. I know there’s something you’re not telling me.”
Dean had been dreaming, for the first time in days, of something other than The Empty taking Cas. Barn walls were shaking around him, light bulbs shattering above his head, and a figure approached with the bluest eyes he had ever seen.
By the end of the second week Dean was a lot less confident that Cas would be arriving soon. In fact it was obvious to both Sam and Kevin that, no matter how much he was trying to hide it with comments about how he had 'more important things to be worrying about', Dean was growing more and more anxious every day.
“Maybe you should go after him, Dean.” Sam suggests, looking concerned, and though Dean thinks that that’s probably the worst thing he could do, he’d take that over his current embarrassing situation of kneeling in the middle of the circle looking like an idiot any day.
And it’s very odd, kissing Benny. Not bad, exactly - Benny’s beard tickles Dean’s face and his lips feel hard and cold against his own, but not in a bad way - but honestly it isn’t who Dean would like to be kissing. Luckily for Dean they don’t kiss for long, Benny pulls away grinning after only a few seconds.
Cas looked like he wanted to argue but did as Dean asked and stayed quiet.
Dean laughs and elbows the vampire in the ribs and everyone else chuckles along with the two of them, but before long they are insisting Dean spins the bottle.
“Go away. Just go inside
“I need a beer,” he muttered to himself.
) for Sam, and once he was absolutely sure he couldn't put off leaving any longer, Dean headed to the checkouts.
when did he lose his gun?
“Yeah, but I still wanted to be here with you”, he half-whispers, lips still hovering over the spot he kissed. Dean keeps watching him, their faces close enough that their noses are almost bumping, breathing the same air. There are wrinkles around Cas’ eyes; he isn’t fully smiling but radiating contentedness all the same. Something eases in his chest, like he can breathe deeply after days of inhaling thinned air. It’s what Cas’ presence always does to him.
"You don't mean that." Castiel said quietly after a moment of discomforting silence, standing stiffly in the middle of the dark hospital room. Street lights illuminated his figure from the window across the room, and suddenly Dean was remembering an instant from the past, from another life it felt like, Castiel sitting by his hospital bed, Dean shedding some discouraged tears when the fight against the apocalypse had felt like it was too much. The horrible feeling of helplessness washed over him, echoing from the past, the feeling that it was in the end his fault. That something he had done, had caused things to be this way.
The trust shatters between them so audibly, it almost sounds like glass breaking. And Castiel knows he can never forgive himself for that.
“No”, Dean lies through his teeth.
Dean wants to protest everything but in truth, he’s too tired for that. Careful fingers prod the wound like hot pokers and he flinches, vision going white. He feels suddenly very ill.
The uneasy feeling follows Dean to the site. Turns out good old Richie did more than work here; he owned the friggin big complex that comprises of a grey, spacey building, housed for cars that are brought there for fixing and a small number of new ones, and a smaller warehouse in the back that mostly holds his personal projects and acts as a storage. Dean really hopes the personal tinkering projects are somewhat more classic, because the cars on the front just look too new, too soulless and clean.
“Yes. My plane leaves in the morning, and I still have to get back, so...” Cas trails off, but he doesn’t make the slightest effort to move, instead just watching the endless pouring of the rain thoughtfully. He looks content to just stay here, side by side with Dean. Bolstered by the alcohol and the lowered inhibitions, Dean opens his mouth to ask the one question he didn’t dare ask inside.
Dean’s used to seeing the airport packed with people, so being there in the middle of the night without all the noise feels strangely eerie. Some of the coffee shops and other essential services are open, and couple of weary travelers occupy the small tables, half-asleep. He walks past them, steps echoing in the vast hallways, the overly bright neon signs and lights stinging his sleep-deprived eyes. He catches sight of a clock that almost mockingly tells it’s quarter past three. He fucking figured that on his own, thank you very much. But he’s here of his own volition, because he
Dean freezes, forgetting he still has a mouth full of bacon, almost choking on the meat. “Wait, what? You date guys?”
Dean arrives there first, settling for a small table furthest away from the door. There’s a winter storm outside, but it’s raining bucketfuls of water. Couple of other people sit at the clustered booths, deep in conversation, but otherwise the place is nearly empty, country music blasting from the stereos. He orders a shot of whiskey and gulps it down, before Cas can come and reprimand him for it, then continues his sober streak with a bottle of beer. He fiddles with the bottle, feeling oddly nervous. It’s not like this is a date with a girl, he reminds himself, but he can’t shake the jittery feeling from his limbs. The door swings open and Cas swoops in, hair messy from the wind, wet trench coat clinging to his clothes. Dean’s eyes are glued to him, and Cas finds him immediately, a big smile lighting up his face. And he looks...good.
“So are you. You just can’t deal with the fact I'm walking away from you, like the rest. It isn’t about whether you want me to stay. I’m done saving you, Dean.” The last one is a lie, and Castiel’s voice almost breaks down when he whispers the words, his mouth refusing to cooperate. The impact hits Dean like a freight train, and he becomes so very still, only the tightness around his eyes convening how he feels. Betrayed.
"Dean. I am so, so sorry." Castiel started to speak, gesturing helplessly with his hands. Dean raised his hand slightly, shutting the angel up immediately. Bitterness and anger rose up in him, a wildfire burning through his body. Groveling wasn't going to work. Not this time.
"Dean, you're okay. Come on, I got you." Sam's voice sounded calmer, as if he finally had grasped the situation.
“When was the last time you slept?” Dean blurts out, disgruntled about the way his voice wavers, betraying his big brother-act.
And with that brutally honest plea, the hurt was back, an aching, suffocating feeling that clawed its way to Dean's throat. Suddenly he wasn't able to hide himself any longer, like every restraint he had was shedding away. He was unable to look away from Castiel, breathing unevenly to steady the sudden turmoil betraying his body. The angel got up hesitantly and with long strides walked to the edge of the bed. And this time Dean let him. Why couldn't he hide anything from the other, even though he tried to hold on? Why couldn't he cram back the messy feelings that threatened to surface when Castiel looked into his eyes? It had always been like that with them. Castiel brought out the insecurities and hidden fears in Dean, but also utter devotion, akin what he had for his brother. But with Castiel it was more fiery and unstable, as Dean couldn't always be sure where the angel's motives lay, but he knew he would die for Castiel in a second if need be.
“Look, I’m not the greatest with this stuff, but yeah, I did mean it. I’m in, if you are.” Relief floods through Castiel, and he can almost forget about his bone-weary exhaustion for a second. He leans forward to place their foreheads gently, fingers snaking behind Dean’s neck to intertwine in the fine hairs there.
But it wasn't about the severity of insults no longer. It was about what drove him onward, all that sophisticated machinery inside them what made Castiel who he was. And Dean had found a weak spot in his.
"Okay then." Dean coughed finally. "Now this is getting just awkward." He was slowly becoming aware of his surroundings, suddenly needing to back away a little from the intense connection. Castiel just burrowed his eyebrows together in a way that always told Dean that the angel was innocently unaware of some parts of human interaction.
It might’ve been few minutes of or few hours, when Castiel comes back to himself. He’s lying on the floor, face down. Everything hurts. He tries to move his arms, but they won’t follow his orders, instead just trembling uncontrollably, terribly weak. He feels like he just shredded his own essence into mangled bits.
“So, I’m thinking morgue first, then the victim’s wife?” Sam asks without looking up.
Dean concentrates on opening his eyes, squinting against the harsh, electric light, wincing as his head starts pounding harder. He’s lying on something soft. A sofa, he concludes after he’s able to make out the floral patterns on the backrest. A heavy blanket is draped over him. There’s an empty fireplace in the corner, and the walls are bare. Dean doesn’t recognize the place. Sam must’ve found a hiding spot for them.
“Dean, I’ve had this conversation with many, many straight people, and you’re acting just like them. Your problem is that you think, me being gay makes me somehow different. It doesn’t.” Cas leans forward, unflinching. They stare at each other for few beats, all other people around them forgotten, and you could almost charge a battery with the static tension they’re generating. Dean’s used to the soft or quizzical looks Cas usually throws his way, but now his blue eyes are piercing, unintimidated.
“We need to replace that.” She nods towards the useless rag, and quickly glancing at Dean, as if asking for permission, and presses the fresh cloth to the wound. Dean’s body seizes, but he refuses to complain aloud. Everything hurts, so it doesn’t matter. He can take it. Cold sweat gathers on his skin, but he lets her hold the cloth.
"Let me be." Dean whispered, feeling the numb exhaustion spread throughout his limbs like lead, washing the anger away in its wake. He closed his eyes to block out the angel, everything.
“Good?” Cas checks, and Dean nods, letting out a sound that might be a small whimper. He didn’t even realise how tightly strung he’s been, but he knows he’s not gonna last for long. Cas huffs, nosing his neck, then licking a stripe downwards, following the tightened cords of his throat with his tongue. “Hold up”, he murmurs, taking his hand off him, and Dean opens his eyes to see what’s the problem, watching as Cas picks up the bottle and squirts the contents on his palm. His cock twitches and Cas takes him into his hand again, liberally spreading the lube on his erection. That eases the chafing, and Dean can’t focus on anything else but the easy glide of Cas’ hand on him, his breath hitching and hips pushing up to chase his own pleasure. He bites his lip to keep the moans from spilling out, as Cas keeps playing with his cock, massaging the head, coaxing precum from the slit by rubbing it lightly with his thumb. There’s a crooked, pleased smile on Cas’ face, watching Dean come slowly undone.
“That’s Dean alright.” Sam is giving him a
. He hasn’t heard from him since last night. A twinge of shame twists his insides.
“You got us a case?” Dean asks, voice rough, looking over the news pages and maps Sam’s got open in his tabs. Sam gives him a calculating look, like he’s trying to assess how much he should tell Dean. Dean raises his eyebrows expectantly.
.” An uncomfortable feeling spreads through Dean’s body, lodging heavily in his throat.
“Sammy, please. You-you know it’s the…only way.” Dean runs out of breath to speak, but he doesn’t break the eye contact. He sees the uncertainty and despair on his brother’s face, and muscles jump in Sam’s jaw when he tries to figure a way out of this. They are interrupted by hesitant footsteps behind Sam, and the nurse appears in his field of vision, hovering over Sam’s broad shoulder.
and gets up, chair scraping the floor behind him.
"I don't want to." Castiel punctuated each word defiantly, facing Dean, all bloody and bruised. The angel with the will of humans. He knew that Dean would've been proud, under different circumstances.
he could keep looking at him forever. There’s still sorrow and regret, but also immense warmth, that lights up his whole face tentatively in a way that only Dean recognizes.
That’s when there’s a loud clatter behind him, and he can’t help but to turn around and look, seeing the now mangled chair on the floor and the doors, wide open, waiting for the angel to make his grand entrance. Dean doesn’t want to wait for that, he swerves left, following a narrower corridor further away, littered with hospital beds and medical equipment. There aren’t enough words to describe how much Dean hates this feeling of helplessness, and he would give his liver to have his Colt or the angel blade in his hand again.
. Like he’s just
He is so close to Cas, their faces are mere inches away from each other, and Dean is overcome with the urge to kiss him. He places his hand gently on Cas’ hip, “Okay?” he murmurs, ready to pull away immediately if Cas objects, but the angel gives him a small nod.
“Dean,” Sam begins as Dean turns to leave the kitchen. “I know how you feel abou–”
Dean blinks at Cas, his mouth opening and shutting several times without any words actually managing to make their way out, before he finally succeeds in spluttering, “Don’t-
On the other side of the room, the clumsy warding Cas had applied finally gave out and the door burst open to reveal Billie standing there, scythe at the ready. Dean looked back to Cas in panic, knowing this would be his last chance to say something,
And they both just stop and stare at each other, because things just got
“But I’m the one responsible”, Dean argues back, voice thick, blinking back the sudden tears, fists clenching and unclenching helplessly at his side. Cas looks back at him with such compassion and sadness, blue eyes holding Dean captive, but it seems even Cas can’t find a reasonable counter-argument for his words. Instead, he reaches his arm towards Dean, maybe trying to pull him closer, he doesn’t know, but Dean withdraws slightly, out of his reach. He doesn’t need pity. Dean feels his defenses snap back faster than light, building walls a mile high.
“Well, I could’ve sworn they were glowing,” she says wonderingly, immediately straightening up and waving his hand dismissively. “But hah! Look at me, ravings of a lonely old widow.” Huh. So, maybe it’s safe to rule out witches at this point.
“Goodnight Dean.”
“Oh, you know you love me for this. You think I would’ve let you wait for a bus at this hour?” Dean is able to get past the sudden brain freeze with minimal amount of panic, when he realises he just slipped the l-word into the conversation, just like that.
“Pretty bad. Apparently Raguel fried the whole hospital, along with the back-up regenerator. He blacked out complete wards, I mean nurses, doctors, patients, everyone. He wanted to take his sweet time with you, I bet. When the machines failed, they lost twelve patients. They got everything up and running now and are calling it a gas leak. Nothing on the body though. Looks like our secret is safe once more.” Sam doesn’t look particularly happy when he says that. Dean nods quietly, grim expression settling on his face. He’ll find a way to feel guilty for those lost souls, Castiel knows this. Hearing about how far his own former brother is willing to go for his crooked ideals, sets a twisted, cold feeling in his gut; the knowledge that he’s responsible for it too. They’ll both bear the weight of these murders.
“Cas- I think I’m in love with you.” He forces out, ignoring the slight shaking in his fingers. He hears Cas inhale sharply. “I didn’t mean for it to happen, I’m sorry. I know I’m someone who’s a fucking mess, and someone who you shouldn’t be with, but I can’t help it-”
“Yes”, Cas admits reluctantly. He finally meets Dean’s eyes and he has to fight to keep the smile off his face. “It’s not funny, Dean.”
Cas leans in again, planting a soft, wet kiss on his lips, but Dean can’t reciprocate. “I guess it’s your turn”, he says, his voice darker and huskier than Dean has ever heard it. He plants his hand unerringly to Dean’s cock, feeling the outline of his erection through the damp boxers. Holy fuck. Okay. This is moving too fast and Dean needs time to think, he needs time to figure out what this means, before he lets Cas jerk him off and there’s no going back.
"What are you standing there for?" Dean had patted the bed, holding Castiel's gaze in his own, propping up on his elbow.
“Dean? You awake?” A familiar voice speaks up right beside him, and he hears rustling, when his brother’s shifting in his seat. Sam. Sam’s here. He gathers the strength to turn his head, to find anchor in his brother’s presence. The whole room sways with the movement and it makes him queasy. Dean swallows again, inhales deeply to settle himself and the nausea passes slowly. Sam looks haggard, hair disheveled and bags under his eyes, but he still smiles when their eyes meet. Dean still can’t shake the fogginess in his mind, only recalling some flashes of a fight that happened. Was he there? Was Sam there? He frowns, trying to formulate the right questions in his mind, but it’s all a tangled-up mess, impossible to separate individual thoughts.
"You are badly hurt. I will heal you. You shouldn't suffer like this for my wrongdoings." Castiel's voice had gotten more quiet, heavy with sorrow. He stood up and walked closer to Dean's bedside, but Dean curled his fingers to a fist and shot an angry look at the angel hovering over him.
“Remember, you picked it,” Sam shrugs, tosses his bag to the bed on the farther side and starts unpacking.
did this happen without him even realizing it? His brain short-circuits and the rapidly rising panic just stops, all the alarms in his head going dead silent.
“You have to let him heal you, we need all three of us for this fight. I had to take down the protective sigils to let Cas in, so the angels might be here any minute. We need you for this, please.”
He follows Cas inside, who orders a table for them, and a short man leads them into a plushy booth. The seats are cheap leather and there are lot of spices and a jar full of chopsticks placed on the table. The scent of roasted meat is pervading his senses, reminding Dean that he’s about to die in five minutes if he doesn’t eat right about now. Cas slides in opposite of him, accepting the menus with a grateful smile. Cas hands one to Dean and he peruses through the menu like it’s instructions to build a atom bomb.
Dean gestured round the room slightly and as he went to leave Cas touched his wrist lightly. Dean turned to look at him, confused. "I have not been able to sleep," Cas said simply, and then, "I find your presence comforting...?" he trailed off, not quite knowing how to phrase the question, but Dean knew what he meant.
Dean doesn’t miss how Cas almost uses the term ‘
Charlie, Bela, Sam, Ash, Cas, Gabriel, Benny
” Dean’s eyes widened at this and Sam’s features softened slightly. “You’re not as subtle as you think, Dean. I’ve known for a while.”
,” his voice softens as he continues. “You’ve been distracted lately, careless -
"Very same thing happened to me, brother,” Benny mutters from Dean’s right, “and I can’t say I know how Jo tricked him into this, but your angel over there clearly has no clue what's happening."
After what happened with the angels Dean had rushed back to the bunker claiming he needed to check on Kevin rather than admitting to the fact that he wanted to make sure he was there for his fallen angel's arrival. But that day was still yet to come.
"Come
"C'mon Cas, we're going." Dean said angrily, leaving the trolley in the middle of the store and heading outside towards the Impala. Castiel turned to the woman and thanked her for her help before happily following Dean outside and into the car.
, Dean thinks as he grabs his gear from the trunk and makes his way towards the small cabin.
When Castiel smiles shyly at him, his hand still tangled lightly in Dean’s hair, Dean thinks he has never seen anything more beautiful, and as he gazes into Cas’ bright eyes, Dean knows he’s finally found his true happiness.
“I love you.”
, he thinks to himself,
Gabriel.” The angel hisses.
Dean gently gathered the angel in his arms and followed Sam out the barn, and back to the Impala. Surprisingly, they saw no-one on their way back to the car, a fact which only caused the boys to grow more suspicious.
“This barn!” He shouted as he gestured towards it. “This
by The Empty. It wanted to put me into an endless sleep, same as with my deceased brothers and sisters – what I had experienced the last time I died, before Jack woke me up... But Billie’s scythe was there and I thought - it was stupid really – I thought that, as I was technically still alive, if I was no longer an angel The Empty wouldn’t want me… So–”
“No, Cas,” Dean interrupts, as the voice in his head whispers
, he told himself.
“Well, friend,” he grins, a twinkle in his eye, “That was certainly an experience.”
“Dean!” Sam shouted, running towards the older man and sinking to the ground next to him. “What’s wrong?”
“Yeah, it is,” Dean grins cheekily, placing his mug on the bedside table. “So where’s my birthday kiss?”
“Guess it’s you and me then, friend.” Benny smiles, nudging Dean playfully.
“What?” Sam asks, his eyes narrowing.
“You got to have your big speech before you fucked off up to Heaven without telling me – well now it’s my turn to speak. I have not ‘
, why hadn’t he let Dean know he was okay?
Dean groans and drops back down onto the bed as he feels a blush spread across his cheeks.
? Do you have a death wish?”
Dean gapes at him, confirmation that Cas
. I’m
Having a routine helps keep Dean’s mind off of other things and, while he’s aware that it’s definitely not the healthiest way to go about his life, he just can’t bring himself to actually talk to anyone about his feelings.
“Well, that was disturbing.” Kevin comments, and Dean nods in agreement. Everyone else just laughs as Gabe makes a face at Sam, who grins back, and the game continues.
meant
“Dean,” Sam whisper shouts, immediately jumping out of his chair and moving closer to the bed. “Oh my god, you’re awake.”
Dean didn’t know what to say, but he knew Sam was right – and deep down he had known Sam would support him,
Sam keeps talking but Dean has stopped listening, suddenly his mind is racing. He knows he should be glad to see Cas alive but there’s a sense of doubt settling inside him; if Cas had been alive this whole time, why hadn’t he come to see Dean sooner? It had been
“I’ve been doing a lot more than just ‘hanging out’, Dean,” Cas states solemnly, though the air quotes kind of undermine his seriousness. “I’ve been helping Jack rebuild Heaven. I had thought it important that our- that
Cas did not know how time worked in The Empty, but he thought it had taken Billie a long time to die. The infection seemed to spread through her body far slower in The Empty’s domain than it had when they had both been on Earth; possibly the creature’s punishment for her unforgivable betrayal. Cas had watched, frozen in place, as her body finally gave out and she dropped to the floor, immediately sinking into a pool of darkness, leaving only her scythe behind.
Dean literally feels his heart being ripped in two.
happy I will finally be able to go back to sleep,” it told him. It had been wearing Meg’s face previously, but as it spoke, its form quickly shifted to that of the man Cas had given his life for. “But first, I think you deserve a bit of pain,” as it spoke, The Empty twisted Cas’ insides until he was screaming in agony. “Was it worth it?” The Empty snarled through Dean’s face. “Sacrificing yourself for
“Dean– Dean!” Cas laughs, pushing Dean away slightly, despite Dean’s protests. “Sam and Eileen are making breakfast and Jack’s already here - playing with Miracle, of course. They’re all waiting for you in the kitchen.”
On and on this went, the taunting, the torture, the constant talk of Dean’s death while the creature wore his face. Cas had no idea how long he had been there, it could have been hours, could have been days – time meant nothing in The Empty. The more The Empty talked, the more Cas started to believe what it was saying. He didn’t regret giving up his life for Dean but maybe, maybe if he had found another way to save him from Billie, he could still be there to protect him, keep him safe from Chuck - help him
Gabriel!” Cas shouts just as Dean squeaks “What?” just as loudly.
look up to you, and love you for who you are. I just want you to be able to accept this part of yourself, because it has
He can feel a wet, stickiness dripping down his spine and he suddenly realises that he can’t move.
“Dean?” He said, in a voice even raspier than normal, as he gazed up at Dean in amazement.
Concern was written all over his brother’s features and Dean was just the right mix of tired and drunk and
all the time! That’s why I’ve been messing up so much on hunts. I thought I’d never see you again – I missed you so much I’ve gone fucking insane.”
Dean had wasted, hiding his feelings for the angel, when he could have just been happy. A sob ripped its way free from his throat, and once they started, Dean found he couldn’t stop them.
Cas gripped the scythe tighter as he grit his teeth, riding out the pain.
Sam was still standing by the entrance to the barn, his gun still raised as if he expected an enemy to jump out at any minute which was, of course, a logical assumption.
not expected to hear him utter those words. “I’m sorry I made you think that my love – that
of January, 2021, Dean awakes to the sound of his bedroom door quietly opening and closing again. He opens one eye to find a sleep-rumpled Castiel, his hair sticking in every direction, clothed in one of Dean’s plaid shirts and a pair of pyjama pants, carrying a steaming cup of coffee towards him.
Perhaps he was embarrassed about his confession? Thinking Dean didn’t feel the same way? But that doesn’t seem like Cas…
Dean finds Cas outside, leaning on the Impala and gazing up at the starry sky.
Kevin are already sitting in a large circle, waiting for him and Jo to join them. Half of the group look extremely uncomfortable and/or pissed, while the other half look positively thrilled. Jo grabs the bottle off a near by table and takes her place next to Ash, leaving Dean to sit in the last remaining space, between Kevin and Benny.
Sam beamed at him as he pulled away.
“Oh come
“What?” Sam asked, stopping a few meters behind his brother, worried all of a sudden. “Dean, are you okay?”
Cas was so close, his face just inches away from Dean’s. They had stood this close many times before during the ten years they had known each other, but never before with the knowledge that Dean held now. His eyes flicked down to Cas’ lips and back up again, all it would take would be leaning in just slightly…
Cas looked up from his book, his eyes wide. “If this is about what I said before I, uh, left–” he began but Dean interrupted him.
Sam lets out an awkward laugh before nodding. “Yep, totally real. Cas turned up and saved your ass because you were acting like a reckless idiot, as usual. I found you guys and you asked me if I could see Cas too, and when I confirmed that I could… you kinda passed out.”
Dean was unsure how long it had been since they had defeated God – it could have been days or weeks – and he hadn’t left the bunker since they’d returned to it. He knew Sam was worried about him; his random meltdowns over the smallest of things were so out of character it was unsurprising, but he simply didn’t know how to be normal after what had happened.
– will see you any differently for who you love, surely you know that? Me, Jodie, Donna, Eileen – we all just want you to be happy. So please, Dean, just sort this out. I know it’s hard for you, but just let yourself be happy. Let
“Is that–?” Sam began, before Dean let out a breathless cry.
The bottle has already landed on Sam, Bela, Charlie (again), Ash, Jo and Benny, and Dean is beginning to relax. That is until Benny leans in and spins the bottle hard. It spins around once, twice, three times, four… slows and slows and slows… and comes to a stop right in front of Dean. Jo and Charlie giggle, and even Kevin tries to cover up a little laugh from his place on Dean’s left.
It’s more a statement than an actual question; Dean not really wanting confirmation of something he already knows to be true. Confirmation of the fact will only break his heart more.
“Cas? Did he save me?”
Sam had watched as the broken man eventually passed out from sheer exhaustion. He hadn’t wanted to move him for fear of waking him up, knowing the state Dean was in he would never sleep by choice, so Sam grabbed some pillows from his room and placed them under Dean’s head.
Castiel is silent for a minute before responding.
“I love you,” Cas interrupts, gesturing impatiently for Dean to speed up.
“Err, okay.” Jo mumbles, raising her eyebrows at Gabriel. He just shrugs, clearly unbothered (if not slightly amused) by the weird turn of events.
After the kitchen incident, they don’t discuss Cas again, but Dean notices Sam doing a lot more research than normal. Sam has banned Dean from hunts for a while, telling him he needs to rest, and he enlists the help of Eileen for any cases he can’t designate to other hunters.
“Wait–” Dean gasps, his face immediately mirroring Sam’s confusion. “You can see him too?”
“You still doubt you deserve love?” Cas questioned in reply, placing his book down on the table and leaning forward in his seat.
. Dean glances round the room, but Cas is nowhere to be seen. He frowns; it’s unusual for the angel not to stick around to check up on him, perhaps he’d gone to get Sam a coffee or something?
Dean gets there first, having driven the Impala. It’s not a large town, so Sam had opted to walk to meet Dean. He has been waiting half an hour and Sam still hasn’t arrived.
“What…” His voice sounds tinny, and there’s a bitter taste of copper in his mouth.
“It was my fault.” The words spill out of his mouth, before he can even wonder whether he meant to say them aloud.
was that. It was just a dream, he tells himself. Dreams mean nothing. He feels guilty. Mortified. Panicked. Friends shouldn’t have dreams like that about their gay friends. Dean attempts to draw his mind from the memory of it, thinking about work, his past girlfriends, the tv-show he watched last week, but stuttered images of the heated dream invade his every scrambling thought. The fact that it was about
”So that’s why the place was silent as a grave when I tried to escape,” Dean mutters partially to himself, after a while. Sam mouths a silent
“Y-yeah, but you-you-,” she stammers, pointing vaguely at the body, but Sam cuts her short, hands gesturing soothingly, his whole demeanor softening in a way that compels most of people to stand down. The nurse isn’t an exception; she focuses her sole attention to Sam like a beacon.
he needs Cas there like right now. That breaks whatever spell Cas was under, and he takes rushed steps forward and Dean tries to meet him halfway, but he’s forgotten the stupid cast and ends up doing an awkward hobble instead, almost losing his balance. Cas catches him like it’s a fucking romantic comedy, steadying him with a sturdy grip on his biceps. Dean’s grinning like an idiot, taking a second to appreciate that Cas needs their closeness just as urgently as he does. With a glance and a careless wave of Cas' finger, the cast snaps in half, and then Dean can’t wait any longer, and crushes him against his chest without any warning, arms wrapped around him tightly, and Cas' response is to pull him even closer, fingers curling into the nape of his neck. Fuck, how he’s missed this. How fucking stupid he’s been.
“It should be around this corner. Here, turn left- no wait, it’s the next intersection-”
He catches a glimpse of Cas, picking himself up clumsily from the floor, looking dazed. Sam kneels next to him, helping him stand.
?” Dean cuts him off, and Sam shoots him an irritated look.
Dean’s words ring hollow in his ears. Isn’t he the one who betrayed Dean by chasing down the cure for the mark? Isn’t he the one who’s responsible for Charlie’s death? All the good intentions seem to turn sour in his hands. Dean’s the opposite. He pulls through every time, saving the day. It’s what Castiel admires in him, his ability to focus and put others first. It appeals to the celestial being in him, the selfless dedication to better the world. But this time, it hasn’t worked out in his favor. Dean’s always been able to shake off his personal feelings when there’s a world to be saved, and dealing with cursed, dying Cas didn’t exactly offer them fertile ground for healing. So, it all ended up being bottled until they actually sat down and realized they had no idea what to do with each other. It broke Castiel that Dean couldn’t even look at him when they finally had the chance to find their footing again. The distance between them felt cold and vast, an endless ravine. So yes, Castiel has done enough and there’s only one way he knows how to fix it.
To soon there are hands snaking under his armpits and he groans.
Sam tried to explain, using
“Hello Dean”, Cas says in his rumbling voice, shedding off his damp jacket, and Dean snaps back to reality, limbs suddenly functioning again. His body feels like he just got electrocuted.
“Now can you please fix it, so I can stop doing couples therapy with you two?”
Finally they find the house they’ve been looking for. Dean parks the car, kills the ignition, checking out the place. It’s a remote, one-storied house, no neighbours in sight. The windows are bare, devoid of any light or life. Sam wakes up when Dean exits the car, and even Cas struggles his way out of the car, not listening to Dean’s protests. They gear up, barely saying a word. A numb kind of determination fuels them. They just need to see this through and then let it fade from memory.
“And how do we find the original host?” Sam crosses his arms in deep concentration; Dean can almost see the wheels turning in his head. He listens in silence.
“Yeah, Sammy.” The call ends and Dean lets the phone slip away from his hand, and it clatters down onto the bloody floor. He has to hold on until Sam comes. He places a hand sloppily on the wound, ignoring the pain, feeling the blood sluggishly trickle under his fingers. He thinks about Cas. His wild, messy hair. How Dean’s fingers run clumsily through it and Cas doesn’t mind it. How his nose scrunches when he smiles. His smiles are often the softest things, hesitant at first and only reserved for him. That’s at least what Dean likes to think. The way Cas looks at him and the whole room becomes electrified, and how much that makes Dean want him. The sex. The sex is awesome but even more than that, Dean likes the little things. The way Cas says his name. There’s always a story there, an emotion behind it. The way their legs slot together in bed, muscled calves all tangled up with each other.
A sudden touch on his forearm snaps him out of it. The blue-eyed man is still beside him, offering him a soft smile, a lifeline that Dean grabs hold of like a drowning man, and the words tumble out of his mouth before he can stop himself.
"I waited for you to come back. I counted on you. But you didn't. And the way this works, I need to trust you got my back. Always."
“Cas can help.”
“Me too.” Cas answers with his lips, pressing a gentle kiss on his mouth, before he settles back, breathing into Dean’s neck.
Heavy thoughts weigh his shoulders down. He has molded his shape to fit Dean, chosen him over and over again, only to watch everything burn down once more.
“Dean, there’s man leaning against your car outside. You’re expecting a customer?”
“Okay, let’s go. You got a room?”
"Whoa, what's with the grabby hands?" Dean had instantly snapped at him, making everyone look up and pause their conversation. Castiel had been taken aback by his words, but almost instantly slapping himself mentally for forgetting their unspoken rules.
It isn’t until noon the next day, until Dean finds the energy to get himself out of bed. His head is pounding dully, mouth dry as a desert, limbs refusing to cooperate. So maybe he had too much to drink. But after dealing with Sam guilt-tripping him the rest of the night, maybe he had no choice.
Summoning the last remains of his anger, Dean lets out a furious growl through his tightly clenched teeth, mustering the flicker of newfound strength to get on his elbows and knees. His body protests fiercely, but Dean drags himself forward using anger as his fuel, muscles trembling with the effort, ignoring the screeching pain. And even through the haze of disarray and agony, he wants nothing but to feel the First Blade in his hand again, feel the power running through his veins. A junkie is a junkie. He can almost feel it, the remnant of an intoxicating song he used to hear. But he’s weak now. And his arm feels so incomplete.
“You can come with me to visit him in prison.” Cas rolls his eyes, but a flicker of sadness shadows his face for a split second. Dean wipes the grin off his face, feeling a like insensitive asshole again. He knows Cas isn’t that close with his brother, not like he is with Sam, but family is always family, and Cas has probably been dealing with this alone, while Dean’s been feeling sorry for himself. A flicker of guilt stabs him.
“Dean-”
Castiel straightens himself, allowing his form to grow taller, intimidating. The nervousness passes, and his only thought is to protect Sam and Dean. If it was up to him, he wouldn’t even let them fight these abominations, but he also knows Dean would rather knock him out cold than be left out of this.
“Jesus, Sam. Did you even call him?”
He pushes off, somewhat reluctantly, and starts pulling his jeans up, mindful of his jizz-covered hand. Cas does the same, staying quiet. The air hangs heavy with unasked questions. Dean can’t look at Cas, so he walks to the small bathroom on wobbly legs, scrubbing his hands clean and trying to salvage his clothes. This wasn’t supposed to happen. His insides turn and twist, chest hollow with ache. He needs space. He needs to think, can’t with Cas right there.
“Nothing. Good talk. Let’s talk about it like, never again.” Dean turns on the radio, cranks up the volume to let Metallica cut off any further conversation. Enough is enough, and this isn’t an episode of Oprah. Sam shakes his head, clearly exasperated, but gives up and turns his attention to the city landscape outside.
“Um, this was the only room besides a one single room”, he says, some hint of apology in his voice, grabbing his bag and leading them to a room directly in front of the car.
“Stop trying to save me.” Every word floated through the silence, like they had no place to go, but finally they thudded through Castiel’s body like heavy rocks. Dean opened the door and was gone. And the utter sense of failure surrounded Castiel, who still stood in the middle of all that destruction, and it was screaming loud, making him almost bend down under its pressure. He needed to save that man and no gods would stand in his way.
“It shouldn’t be your business in the first place,” Dean mutters, irritated but managing to summon a weak smile on his lips. He isn’t sure whether he should feel glad or annoyed that his brother is so invested in his love life.
"Come on, just fucking hit me!" Dean's voice rose, until he was screaming at Castiel, eyes harsh with anger.
“You know me. I always land on my feet.” Cas makes a wordless noise in the back of his throat, stepping closer carefully like he’s expecting Dean to hit with that thing. Dean sighs, tearing his eyes off Cas, fixing his eyes on a dirty spot on the cushion. “Okay, be out with it. No need to sugarcoat it, I think I can handle it”, he says quietly, defeated. Cas takes that as an invitation to sit next to him, the cushion dipping slightly. Dean keeps his eyes off him, stubbornly fixated on the stain like it’s responsible for this fucked-up fight.
“This road, I told you, turn left here”, Cas says snappishly, signaling with his hand. Dean swerves to the left, not bothering to ease up on the gas pedal, and he’s feeling Cas’ eyes on him. He drives on without answering to him, quickly spotting the motel and parking the car in front of the reception. He turns off the ignition, leaning back and letting out a small sigh of relief.
Dean’s not sure what wakes him up. It’s not a slow ascent into wakefulness, but he snaps awake like someone hit him with a rubber band. He’s suddenly very aware of Cas, who is nestled against his back, his breath tickling Dean’s neck, and his own pressing erection, which is tenting in his boxers very demandingly. He lays there, paralyzed for few moments, not able to grasp the dream he just woke from. Cold sweat trickles against his skin, his body simultaneously hot and cold, his heart beating way too fast. Fuck. He needs to- he needs to get away like right this moment, before Cas wakes up, fuck, and he scrambles up, rushing to the bathroom. He sheds his t-shirt and damp boxers like they’re criminating murder evidence, stepping into the shower, letting the cold spray calm his body down. He stands under the freezing water as long as he can, mind blank.
, Sam thought,
The new demons all immediately lunge at Dean and he rolls out of their path, grabbing the young demon he had followed into the barn and stabbing him with his demon blade. The three remaining demons growl and pursue him, and Dean gracefully dodges their incoming attacks. He has just narrowly blocked an attack from the male demon, kicking him off of his feet, and pushed the youngest female a few meters across the room, when he hears a voice in his ear.
“I’m as sure as I can be,” Dean replied. “We can do all the normal tests when he’s awake but… I think it’s really him, Sammy. There's just something about him... It... smells like him.”
“Nothing, I’m fine!” Dean yells back defensively.
“Oh,” was all the younger man said. No hint of confusion, or surprise -
“This is a trap, isn’t it?” He sniffed, rubbing aggressively at his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket. “It’s gotta be.”
“Cas,” Dean rasps, with as much of a smirk as he can muster in his current state. “Careful, man, I’m dyin’ here.”
“Keep the pressure.” Sam directs his hand to his abdomen, and Dean very carefully presses the cloth to the wound, sucks in a sharp breath when the contact feels like burning coals on his skin. Sam watches him closely, and Dean swallows down any further complaints he would’ve liked to scream out loud, holding his gaze steadily.
“Okay, I just had to ask, you know.”
Dean carefully presses the cold beer bottle to his swollen face, sighing in relief. Cas keeps fidgeting and giving him wide-eyed looks in the unsubtle way that still seems very much like him. Sam has settled for checking his phone. Dean can’t look at either of them. Every time he does, the guilt makes him so nauseous he wants to vomit. “
They had been driving aimlessly in the Impala, mercilessly exhausting the back roads in the middle of nowhere, Dean behind the wheel and Castiel in the shotgun seat. They had sat in a comfortable silence just taking in each other's company, as they often did. Then at some point, Dean had started to steal sideway glances at him, not saying anything but Castiel could feel the whole energy of the space between them shifting, electrifying. After a while Dean had steered the car in the side of the road, silencing Castiel's questions with a nervous smile before he had the mind to ask them, as he had turned the ignition off. He had stared at the wheel, all jittery, while Castiel had waited for him to gather his courage, whatever he wanted to say.
“I need to stretch my muscles”, he mumbles as a explanation.
Dean tries to adjust his uncomfortable position, but every movement twists his body in a wrong way. The throb in his broken ankle has reduced to steady discomfort, but the dull pain sinks its claws in with vengeance the second he tries to move the leg a little. He only partially manages to hide the groan that escapes his throat.
“Dean, what-” Cas tries to ask, but another stroke renders him speechless. He goes rigid, breathing through his nose and trying to stay silent, but each inhale is labored, as Dean touches him through the fabric.
Castiel had seen it now. He had seen it in Dean's handwork, with the animalistic cuts and the mangled bodies left behind in his rage, and he feared. He feared and loathed the mark, how it had devoured Dean. And he wondered, how was there ever such a time they still thought they could beat this. With bright eyes and optimistic smiles they had sworn that this was just another obstacle, making something akin a spark of hope light a new fire in Dean's eyes. Now only killing made those dead eyes come alive. And still they had to believe and fight, struggle against what felt like walking against stormy waves.
“Fuck, that was good”, Dean mumbles against Cas’ neck, when the angel settles back at his side, trying to angle his hips to keep himself from poking Dean. There’s a thick vein on his neck, which Dean can feel thrumming and pulsing when he sloppily traces it downwards to his jugular with his tongue. Cas swallows audibly.
“Yeah, we will, like always.” He says with absolute surety.
”Cas? You have anything more that can help us?” Sam startles him and Castiel’s focus snaps back like a rubber.
“What do you want?” Cas asks, inches from his face, lips hovering over his, but Dean keeps getting distracted by the hard press of his cock against his crotch. Cas quirks his eyebrow knowingly, grinding their hips together and Dean moans, tilting his hips to allow the friction between them bring some relief to his trapped erection. He bites his lip to keep the noises in, and it brings Cas’ laser-sharp focus to the tiny movement.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel says, voice gravelly with weariness, and he looks so rumpled and miserable that the whole encounter feels like a scene from a royally bad movie.
“Okay, now we’re all cozy and best friends forever, so can we finally order some drinks?” Dean butts in, needing the alcohol appear like pronto and his brother to stop milking the situation like yesterday. He eyes Sam meaningfully, and his brother takes the hint, rolling his eyes.
“You’re still blaming me about going away?” He asks quietly, eyes dropping to his nervously fiddling hands, like he doesn’t want to hear the answer. Dean stops. This isn’t going right at all. There’s enough pain to go around already, and Sam’s got nothing to do with it. Dean only needs to look in the mirror. He takes a deep, steadying breath, lets his anger dissipate. Without it, he suddenly feels empty, and terribly heavy, like he hasn’t slept a goodnight’s sleep in a century.
“Cas, I wouldn’t even be alive if it wasn’t for you. We’ve all screwed up, more times than I can count. And we’ve done some good, too. And- and I wouldn’t wish to see you anywhere but here, with me and Sam, okay?”
"I have been doing some soul-searching, so to speak, in the last hours. And I've realized I was wrong to leave you back then. My intentions may have been justified, but in this case the result was disastrous and you were left with this-" Castiel gestured vaguely towards Dean's face, "-outcome."
“Don’t worry. All they’ll find are the exploded bits, but not a trace of you. I had to throw your clothes away too, that would’ve been uh, difficult to explain otherwise. But I got it covered.” Dean sinks back in the bed in relief, letting heaviness overtake his limbs, numbness spreading slowly through them. It seems like a terrible effort to stay awake all of a sudden.
He keeps replaying his last encounters with Dean, over and over again. Had he taken advantage of Dean’s distressed state? Had he been overly intrusive, breaking apart the last chance they had? Should he have stayed away, like he planned to, if not for his weak moment? These questions torment Castiel, and they rattle around in his skull, and it’s all so frustrating and…human. Choosing a course of action based on uncertain outcomes, decisions borne out of ‘I would like to’. They exhaust him. He knows what he wants, to stay beside Dean, but he’s not sure he can salvage anything out of the shipwreck they’ve suffered. He’s not sure if Dean wants to have anything to do with him anymore, so the question of continuing this…whatever, unnamed thing they’ve been slowly building up for years, might be off the table.
“You’re a fucking coward, you know that?” He jabs a finger in Castiel’s chest, invading his space, green eyes filled with rage. Castiel sighs heavily. In order to save him from a lot of pain, he must hurt Dean now. He forces himself to look at the hunter with pained eyes, taking in the freckles on his nose, light stubble on his cheeks, the bags under his eyes, the bruises, all the details that he knows by heart.
, but it came out as a feeble croak past his swollen lips.
“So when can I meet him?”
“Look… I’m sorry. I don’t blame you. Sometimes I just wish… I wish things would’ve been different. I wish I would’ve left with you, how much easier things could’ve been. I envy you sometimes, with the starting of the new life and all.” Dean lets his shoulders slump, offering his brother a small fraction of a sad smile. Sam eyes him in surprise, clearly taken back by his confession. Few years ago, Dean would never had backed down from this fight, and he never would’ve admitted a treacherous thing like that, a secret wish to leave his duties behind, however self-imposed they may be. He feels little bit lighter, with the words finally out in the open.
There’s a silence for few beats, where Sam is looking at the body and the nurse and then Dean, who fights for breath, so he can tell how goddamn good it is to see his brother. He manages a lopsided smile and he sees Sam’s shoulders slump in relief in return. The nurse has fallen quiet, staring at the stilled body in numb disbelief. Sam spares a glance at her, but then his sole focus is on Dean, stepping around the body, ready to run to him. Dean shakes his head vaguely, nodding towards the woman. He can wait, and she needs to be calmed down before she flips. Sam complies his silent order, however reluctantly. He kneels by the woman.
“Look, you know how uncomfortable my couch is, so it’s no big deal if you want to sleep with me. My bed is spacious enough for the both of us”, he offers. Cas shoots him a questioning look.
“Hey, take two rooms, will you?” Castiel offers him a tired, but surprised glance, but Dean ignores him, raising his eyebrows expectantly to Sam, who coughs awkwardly.
“Dean, what part of my confession of love did you miss? So yes, I’d like that.” The look in his eyes is too fond for someone who five minutes ago dominated Dean into oblivion. He swallows, heart constricting a little.
“On three. One...two...three.” Getting up seemed like a simple idea, but now that Sam’s lifting him slowly, it sort of feels like getting stabbed again. Dean tries to help by pushing himself forward with trembling arms, swearing under his breath in a steady stream, but his strength gives out halfway there and he just sags against his brother, panting harshly. Sam grips him tightly against his chest, and Dean lets his head loll on his shoulder, battling nausea and raw pain hammering every nerve of his body.
Did I write this chapter just to include a storyline about sharing a bed? Yes and I have zero regrets. Poor, clueless Dean, he's such a fuckin mess.
It’s slow and painful process getting dressed up, although Sam has succeeded in finding some loose-fitting sweatpants and a hoodie with a zipper in their bags. Dean manages to tug the pants on, once Sam has gotten them past the clumsy cast, and he has to allow Sam to help him with the hoodie. Sam works hurriedly, glancing out of the windows every now and then, and Dean’s reminded that yeah, there was a psychotic angel right in their heels few moments before. The exertion leaves him winded and there’s nothing more he wishes than passing out. Right now. But Sam won’t allow him a second’s rest, as he taps him on the shoulder. There are couple of white pills on his palm on offer, and Dean takes them without question, drinks stale water from the bottle Sam puts in his hand.
Cold air hits him suddenly and Dean slowly realizes they’re outside. He opens his eyes, blinks groggily. It’s dark. Sam is pushing the chair forward with determination, towards the rows of cars in the parking lot, their hoods speckled with raindrops. The wheelchair rattles and shakes in the gravel. He feels sick. Like, really sick. He tries to open his mouth and tell as much, but it takes couple of tries to get his lips move in coordination.
“He’s right here,” Sam is saying quietly. Two figures enter Dean’s field of vision and he tries his damnest to focus his blurry eyes, which widen in surprise at the sight before him, lips parting open when he tries to get his mouth working.
Their bodies stayed frozen like that for what felt like eternity, relishing in the afterglow of pleasure, although in reality it must’ve been only a few fractions of a second. Then Castiel’s spent body gave out and he collapsed on top of Dean, face buried against his collar bone. He tried to find some oxygen again, taking deep gasps of air like it was the first time he experienced breathing. Dean’s chest rose and fell rapidly underneath him, his whole body trying to regain their senses. When they stayed like this, Castiel could almost believe that this was just like the other times, like there never had existed any marks with bitter curses bound to them or any rifts between the two. He took in Dean’s scent, under the smell of sex, particles of motor oil, alcohol, gunpowder, evidence of the life he had lived. And under the warmth of his skin, the anguish of constant doubts, the strain of worry, the need to push people away, but also deep caring, the need to protect. That was all Dean, and he wasn’t the easiest person to be with, but Castiel wanted all of him, even if it meant going against his wishes. He needed to save this man.
“Where’s this workplace? I’m afraid I need to visit the site.” So, Mrs. Mannings gives him the address and tries to offer him some tea, which Dean politely declines and excuses himself, before she can start showing him her doily-collections.
” silently. Castiel’s face lights up in understanding, then he flinches in alarm when his mind gets caught up with Sam’s demands.
“Who’s Cas?”
"Don't expect me to get all soft on you now, angel boy", he had grumbled back, settling in, broad chest against Castiel's frame, arm draped comfortably over him.
“You know how it is. Someone’s gotta die in the end.” He speaks in a muted voice, giving Raguel a final chance to say something, but the angel merely blinks at him, a defeated look settled on his pale face. Dean steels himself and drives the blade deep into his chest, holding the spasming body in place with his other hand. A bright light enlightens the room for a second, dying out just as quickly. The body goes limp, eyes mercifully closed, and Dean makes out the shape of wings in the grey lighting in the room. The imprints of the feathers are sparse and charred, like they’d been burning awhile.
he didn’t notice it earlier. What did he mean it was obvious that Cas was gay? It’s not like he’s discussed his romantic life with Dean, or had any pride flags laying around. He wants to ask Cas more about the subject, but he seemed reluctant to talk about it, and hasn’t brought up the topic since. But somehow Dean has become much more aware of every casual touch and hug they share, and he has to constantly remind himself that nothing has really changed between them and it’s normal to be physically close with people important to him. He considers Cas to be his best friend, even though they rarely talk of their friendship.
“Dean, I-, this is the first time you’ve called me your boyfriend,” he blurts out, and Dean leans back, a lopsided grin lightening up his bruised face.
“Morning, Cas,” Sam greets him with clear unease in his voice. Dean knows Sam hates being stuck in the middle as a mediator, but time after time still humors his dysfunctional brother.
“So, wait, it’s just one angel? How is he able to jump from place to place so fast? He doesn’t have his wings, right?” Sam interjects. Dean looks up in surprise. The thought hadn’t entered his mind at all. Cas seems troubled and unsure about his answer, seeking correct words and stumbling around them.
“That’s awesome, in that case you’re welcome inside”, Dean grins, finally bringing himself back online, stepping out of the way and gesturing Castiel to enter.
“So, uh, Cas…” He says softly, and Cas turns his head towards him in the dark. “I didn’t mean to be a jerk. I was tired and frustrated and I made things uncomfortable for you, and what- what I’m trying to say is that I’m sorry for taking it out on you.” Cas shuffles to his side under the covers, so they’re mirroring each other.
him. And even in his wrath, Castiel couldn't ignore what Dean needed, wanted.
“Oh man, this is a classic. It’s got everything, a hero, a princess in need of saving, the bad guy always loses, a happy ending…” He trails off, suddenly self-conscious about his childlike excitement. But Castiel is looking at him with warmth in his eyes.
"I'm saving you!" Castiel refused to back off, not an inch, standing just as tall.
“No, seriously, he sounds kind of awesome. I want to meet him some day.”
"Do I have your permission now, Dean?" He asked so seriously that Dean let out a small chuckle. He was quite done laying around in this bed. It was time to go and be with his family.
He opens his eyes quickly, only to find their impromptu combat arena transformed into a slaughterhouse. There’s virtually nothing left of the man, large splashes of blood and bits of skin, muscles and innards splattered everywhere. The stench of massacre is so strong Dean feels ill, and his clothes are soaked through with red. Somehow, he survived this. The feeling of relief cuts through the haze and he looks around, seeing the angel blade laying few feet from him. That makes him smile weakly, reaching for the blade but not quite managing it.
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure. I think I would’ve noticed if I was dating a dude”, he sputters, suddenly very uneasy, fidgeting in his chair, half-ready to shoot off it and disappear, if Sam won’t abandon his Oprah-moment. Sam raises his hands in a placating gesture, apparently sensing that Dean’s a flight-risk right now.
if he does.
with him and there’s no need to act like an asshole about it.”
“You might be right. I’m not being paid to drink coffee and talk with strangers, no matter how pleasant.”
“Yeah. Peachy.” Dean’s voice comes out all kinds of wrong, choked off and distant, and he flashes a smile that turns out to be more of a grimace, avoiding Cas’ eyes.
Later that night finds them drinking at Dean’s kitchen table in sullen silence. Sam’s playing with the label of the bottle, gathering stray drops with his thumb. Dean has retreated into himself; a numb and unfeeling shell. Speaking about loss and other heavy subjects have never been their strong suit, although Sam certainly keeps trying. But what could he even say in this situation to make it better?
“If you can survive that long,” Sam says darkly, shaking his head in refusal.
“Lead the way.” Dean pushes himself from the windowsill, still evading his gaze, a discontent frown darkening his features. Castiel glances back to Sam to wish him goodnight, but the hunter gives him a nervous, barely noticeable thumbs-up, and the corners of Castiel’s lips turn into a reluctant smile, despite everything. If only that would be all that was required to fix things.
“Okay.” Cas echoes, and that breaks it. Clearing his throat, he opens the door and steps out, waving at Dean as a goodbye.
“Yeah. You know about classic cars?”
“Now, I know I’m going to regret this, but I gotta ask. Are you sure you two aren’t dating?” Sam isn’t even teasing him anymore, he’s asking that seriously. Dean looks at him in disbelief, eyebrows raising up to his hairline.
Dean stood in front of him, blood spattered all over his skin and clothes. He was hunched like a tense predator, with a dangerous glint in his eyes,
"Now it's a fair fight."
“I’m sorry for your loss, mam,” Dean offers as parting words, once he’s safely out of that herb-smelling house. Juliet extends her delicate hand, squeezes his tightly.
