Steve only understood half of it, the better half. Of course Steve would risk his health to save others, but would he risk himself out of cowardice?
Before the bastard left him, Tony felt a prick of a needle in his arm, and something injected into his system. Tony was alone. He could see the handle of whatever was sticking out of him if he lifted his head, but he was too tired to inspect it further. Whatever Osborn had injected felt like a vague acid-burn spreading through his veins. He took deep, shaking breaths, trying to ignore the terrible sensation, but by the time it reached his heart, he was sobbing. He was no longer Tony Stark; he was merely a pulsing mesh of different pain sensations. Nothing was worth this pain.
and he was rambling. Tony knew he was rambling. Somewhere deep down, he knew he was being unreasonable too, but he was just so
Happy was too loyal to Tony to just listen to Cap, and Tony gave him props for that, it takes a brave man to refuse Steve Rogers’ orders.
Tony muttered. Remembering an accident that happened once in the lab, he suddenly had an idea. The flurry of movement caught Clint off guard, and he watched with interest as Tony pulled out his cell phone and quickly disassembled it, holding up the battery in triumph.
The two men shared a silent conversation of facial expressions. Tony must’ve gotten the response he wanted because he let out a whoop.
He gave a firm nod, then sat back down. When had the night become this serious? Peter’s words surprised a small gasp from Steve. He had to clear his throat, decidedly not contributing more to tonight’s tears.
The workout helped. Steve felt like a tightly coiled spring ready to burst upwards after the conversation this morning, and he would rather get the energy out productively than exploding at Tony. He was beginning to come to terms with the fact that Tony truly didn’t understand the issue with these things. The genius was so used to being on his own and barely cared about his own body, that he honestly thought it would be a useless bother to tell his family. Tony didn’t mean to starve himself for days, or hurt himself carelessly in the lab; he just truly didn’t care about his own body. He had said something once about it being just a vehicle for the mind. It didn’t matter how many times Steve told him that said mind would cease if said vehicle died, it just didn’t stick. Steve was trying to accept these flaws as just part of who Tony was, and he loved all of Tony, even the parts he didn’t like.
When Phil got to the room, he stopped in the doorway to take in the scene. Steve had settled into a chair beside Tony on the outside of the bed, and another chair waited for Phil on the opposite side of the room. He looked at Clint first, the majority of his abdomen covered in bandages, he was more obviously injured. Looking at Tony, one could fool themself into thinking he was fine, except the man was hooked up to far more wires and monitors mixed in with the matching IV and tubes that Clint had. They both had visible bags under their eyes, but were deep asleep.
The resulting spark in Tony’s chest felt like a white hot poker that sent out a wave of vibrating heat. Tony could taste the familiar coconut in his mouth, but he was still too weak to breath and his heart was still beating irregularly. He couldn’t really feel the mask on his face as they started pumping air into his lungs for him. His chest still ached and all he could think was that the damage was already done. It didn’t matter that an extra reactor had miraculously appeared, the shrapnel was there, ripping him to tiny shreds. He was still conscious when they shocked him with the paddles, felt his body jerk with the jolt and his heartbeat return to a more normal rhythm. Without the focal point of pain in his chest to cling to anymore, Tony finally lost consciousness.
He moved as quickly as he could without running through the group, trying to escape. Steve caught his wrist, and he spun around.
Steve agreed. It was the simplest explanation to the sudden deafness they were all experience. He wondered idly how long they all might have spent trying to figure it out if Clint hadn’t been there. Steve wouldn’t even know sign language if he hadn’t learned it for Clint. Clint had laughed at them all when he walked in on JARVIS’ lessons, telling them it was silly. He could read lips well enough, plus when he wore Stark’s improved hearing aid designs, he could hear nearly as well as he used to. Tony had waved Clint away, annoyed.
The astrophysicist sometimes came to live with them for months at a time, but it had been awhile. It was as sporadic a living arrangement as Thor, who whisked off to Asgard or landed in the roof without warning.
There was no response over the calms, but Steve could hear the screams of Dracula stop, and Vision was already beside the jet by the time they were properly in the air. The jet bay opened to allow him entrance, and without a word he took Tony and zoomed off. The rush of air behind him nearly knocked Steve off his feet. He had never seen Vision that fast.
Quickly unmuting the phone, hoping the man was still there, she whispered into the mic before hanging up immediately.
Natasha had walked back towards them, and pushed Steve back into a seat before the man passed out. He had locked his knees and was clearly a little in shock. That alone seemed to break Steve out of it, and his Captain demeanor took over.
she snapped. She hadn’t needed to of course, as Steve was already in the process of kneeling beside her and pinning Clint’s shoulders down.
Clint said at dinner that night. Thor had brought a tabloid magazine to the table with an article speculating about their attire.
Steve checked his hair in the mirror for the fifth time. He felt like a walking flag in his navy blue suit, with red tie and white shirt, but Pepper had brow beat him into wearing it. Tony was going to be wearing a gold tie with a deep red suit and shirt. Tony loved it, but Steve wished they didn’t have to be so obviously mimicking their uniforms. It made him feel like they weren’t allowed to be Steve and Tony, they were only allowed to be Captain America and Iron Man. He was reminded of his fear of being a dancing monkey that had began all the war back in WWII.
Tony was no longer on the side of a country road. He was suddenly in Gulmira watching small children begging and crying while men scarred them for lives by holding them at gunpoint with
Steve knew Clint understood. He thanked God he had finally found a group of people who understood each other and him better than the rest of the world possibly could. If anyone could understand Tony, it was Clint. They had fairly similar experiences as far as relationships and betrayals from what Steve could tell.
JARVIS allowed more of the footage to play before continuing. The view of the room was not complete, but from what the Avengers could see, something was very wrong. No one on screen was clearly the robber, but the two police officers were pointing their guns at the huddled group of five or more (the group was cut off by the edge of the screen) civilians in the corner, all of whom were in various states of panic. Some were rocking back and forth in the fetal position, one was frozen like a statue. The most worrying part was that the officers were clearly in a panic as well, jumping at every movement and firing shots here and there that narrowly missed people.
Clint got that mischievous glint to his eyes that Tony had learned to be wary of. You’ll regret calling my weaponry primitive by the end of this weekend, mark my words.
Steve had opened his mouth to reply, when the sound of the door opening drew everyone’s attention. A woman was standing there, clearly the doctor, taking in the scene before her with a raised brow.
The camera took dozens of pictures rapidly, zooming in on various parts of Tony and different monitors. Steve watched in awe, seeing JARVIS’ meticulous cataloging of everything Tony-related in action for the first time.
he squeaked. She smiled at his obvious fear. With a single upward sweep of an arm, both her and Tony disappeared, leaving behind a stunned silence.
Steve wore a maroon vest with a black tux, and his bow tie matched the vest. The best part, in Tony’s opinion, was the gold glittery shimmer that was over the whole tux set. Tony wasn’t sure how his designer friend, Janet Van Dyne, had done it, but it looked like someone had very lightly sprayed the whole thing with gold glitter spray paint. Steve’s mask was an arc-reactor blue, as he called it, feathered along one side with gold feathers. Tony’s was a phantom of the opera half face style white, with a red and blue gradient of tiny, sparkly stars along the outer edge. Together they looked simultaneously gorgeous and ridiculous.
Clint and Tony had a Halloween tradition. Every year, they attempted to pull a prank that got the other to scream. The first of October all the way through the 31st was all fair game. Whoever screamed first lost. To make things fair, Tony always let Clint have full access to his credit cards and JARVIS kept their plans from each other equally. Last year, Clint had got Tony good. Tony tried to blame it on being sleep deprived, but they all knew the truth. Clint had used Tony’s high-pitched scream as a ringtone for months. In fact, Clint had won three years in a row now.
He followed her through the halls, her heels clicking loudly. They didn’t say anything until they had coffee in their hands and were sitting in a corner of the cafeteria, Steve worried about what she had to say. He really wasn’t in the right state to deal with a lecture right now, even though this was his fault.
he blurted out. Tony could not have found a more adorable man to marry. He pulled Steve in for a kiss, that quickly turned a bit too sexually charged for the dinner table.
It was a good assessment on Tony. Natasha read people well, and Steve was glad she had never been assigned to write a file on him. He didn’t think he’d like what she’d have to write. Steve let the story wash over him, thinking about what it must’ve been like being Tony and thinking that no one should be bothered by the knowledge that he was dying. The genius had come along way. It was no small feat that the man now allowed them all in behind the public Stark mask. The battle to remind him that he didn’t need to face things alone was ongoing, as it was for a lot of them, but Tony had made tremendous progress.
The point of the matter was that it was impossible to narrow down. It was like an old wives’ tale. When people break a mirror, they have seven years of bad luck. It does happen in real life. Now does it happen to everyone who breaks a mirror? No. But it does happen. Plenty would say that the bad luck and the broken mirror were a coincidence; that the correlation was imaginary. Psychology would say that confirmation bias leads a person to decide that their perfectly normal amount of bad luck has increased or that they notice bad luck more because they’re looking for it. The chaos of the universe seems more neat and logical if they have something to blame for their troubles in a bad time in their life. So were the Avengers under some curse or were they in the midst of a mental breakdown?
Thor boomed, electricity sparking around him. Maybe this realm made his godly powers more obvious. That would be a bonus.
Peter cried out. Clint lunged forward to tickle Peter. His squeals filled the room. Steve snatched the mug of cocoa before it spilled, shooting a glare at Clint. Clint winked at him before stepping back towards the TV again.
Steve whipped around to see the sorcerer collapse into a heap on the ground, wax figure safely cradled in his hand. Wanda seemed to take this as her moment to give in as well, because she glowed brighter for a moment, whispered
Steve sucked in a sharp hiss. He had known about the palladium poisoning, but no one ever talked about it.
That was the most infuriating part about all of this, Tony decided. He had been so close to finally going home when Dracula snuck up on him. It hadn’t mattered that the suit was with him, that it could produce UV radiation now, or even that he carried silver with him. After dealing with vampires the first time, he had tried to prepare for the next, but he still hadn’t figured out a way to detect them with his tech. The lack of heat signatures, or even a pulse, was a major obstacle for early detection.
he told the room. Steve and Peter had been watching the show all day. Each of the others had come into the room at different points, and having been sucked in by one episode or another, settled in to join the marathon. Even Tony had eventually made his way sleepily from the lab. He was currently drooling on Steve’s left shoulder, fast asleep with his plate of pizza still sitting in his lab. Between his husband and his eight year old nestled into his lap, Steve was beginning to sweat.
The snarls of the gargoyles could be heard around the corner. As Strange and the Avengers rounded on them, Steve threw his shield down the narrow hallway to clear a fast path for Strange. While the sorcerer ran ahead, the Avengers started their fight with the creatures as they got back on their feet. Tony made sure to stick to physical attacks as much as he could, but there were a lot of them. By the time the team had fought their way into the throne room, the suit was at 36%. Tony scanned the room, seeing Strange and who he assumed must be Nightmare in the throws of battle above the throne, and a large cage of terrified children in the far corner to the right of the throne. He took down another creature to his right, and they were thinning out. Tony was more focused on watching Strange.
several months back. According to them, Kimmel wanted to talk to the two of them about being the Avengers’ leaders, and how their different leadership styles meshed during missions. When Steve had called Kimmel’s assistant with his idea last week, Jimmy himself had called him back to tell him it was a go.
The gym was on floor 52, and the most logical guess for where he would go would be up, since that’s where the penthouse suites and labs were, so Tony decided to head down.
They jumped out of bed without a second thought, Steve pulling his suit out of the closet and Tony pulling on clothes and running for the door. He turned before leaving the room. They both said
It was extremely abnormal for injured Avengers not to have at least one teammate at their side at all times, but this had been an abnormal circumstance. After Tony and Clint had been stabilized, everyone went to the tower to sleep. The lack of sleep from the curse left everyone dangerously exhausted, and Steve was the first to wake up two days later, starving.
Bruce’s lips were pressed together in a thin line. The bursts of air coming from his nostrils were audible, and a bead of sweat had formed on his temple. Tony felt his own heart rate pick up. If Bruce transformed in here, anything of value would be destroyed.
‘Like this,’ he mouthed, placing the familiar part of the comm in his ear as usual. Steve could see where the extension went now, and followed Tony’s lead. The comm had an arm that ran around the ear and stopped at the temple, where it was attached to a little white rectangle piece that hung in front of the eyebrow. Tony turned away so Steve was facing the comm unit in his friend’s ear, before making an exaggerated movement to press a small button on the temple. A small screen appeared in front of Tony’s eye, and it reminded Steve vaguely of google glasses.
in the first season. It can be construed as canon-compliant to that universe, but where it would fit in the timeline is probably murky. Definitely before Tony gets stuck in another dimension, but pretend he developed the Bleeding-Edge armor before.
Tony grit his teeth against the angry responses in his head. Antagonizing his captor would likely only quicken his death and perhaps make it more painful. A bat flew over his head carrying a flash drive, presumably with the footage they had just made. He was depending entirely on Steve telling the other Avengers. Because if Steve came alone, they were doomed. If Tony could control the outcome, he’d rather have Steve just not come at all. Dracula would probably kill him rather than leave him alive to get revenge. Steve would be the naive kind of person who would believe Dracula that he’d be sparing Tony. Of course, he already knew that the vampire had no plans of letting him live.
They popped back into existence in a backroom at SHIELD HQ. A dolly was there already so they got the capsicle onto it and rolled him away. Phil turned to the three Avengers.
Steve had compared himself to Tony, as if that weren’t the most laughable concept Tony had ever heard. Steve’s voice still rang through his head,
Krupp’s gravelly voice rang out as he apparently told Mr. Marcus a story. Jessica recognized the name Prospero, but wasn’t sure where from.
Dr. Nicholson stepped back, writing more notes. She turned to face Clint’s bed, where Phil was standing behind it and Steve was sitting in front of it. She pointed at Steve,
- “...but He will by no means clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and the fourth generations.”
That was apparently the worst thing to say because Tony jumped up and his chair clattered to the floor.
Turns out Tony should’ve been worried about himself instead of the man. As soon as Tony’s hand touched his shoulder to wake him, the stranger sat up, wide-eyed, gripping the armour’s wrist with enough strength to dent it. The alarms in the suit were immediate.
to see him breathing that his tears were those of joy. The last time he had seen Tony’s face it had been a cooling, lifeless body, illusion or not. Bruce didn’t even realize what he was doing until he was already gently caressing Tony’s face, just to feel the warmth. Granted, he was a little too warm for comfort, but Bruce was sure that would pass. Luckily Tony didn’t react at all to the touch, he was much too deep in sleep. Bruce looked to Steve to make sure he wasn’t angry, but Steve just looked at him with helpless fear on his face.
the slightest gasp from Steve made Clint pause, Steve was no expert at hiding emotions like a SHIELD agent.
He ducked the pillow thrown at him before continuing. His face grew more serious as he decided what he should talk about that wouldn’t be too dark for an eight year old. Not that they ever shielded Peter from much, but the kid could stand to mature a little before hearing some of their tragic backstories.
When the ground suddenly opened up beneath them, Tony quickly tried to scan as much as possible from the glowing white light full of creepy shadows. Dracula’s escape was too quick for Tony to get anything useful. He sighed. Oh well, it was time to go save Widow with science. He couldn’t wait to rub it in Cap’s face.
Amora searched the priestess’ body language for signs of deception, but found none. She would know, being a master of deceit herself.
Tony shook his head hurriedly when he saw that the others actually seemed to be contemplating the stupid idea.
Steve grit out. That got Clint to hesitate before throwing another. Steve hadn’t called him Barton in a long time.
In front of them stood a being Steve could only assume was Mephisto. The man was crimson, and wore a cloak not dissimilar to Strange’s Cloak of Levitation. His boots were a slightly darker red than his own skin, along with pants that had some sort of long loin cloth attached to them. The pointed ears and deep widows peak reminded Clint of one of the elves from Lord of the Rings.
Clint caught himself holding his fists too tight and had to consciously loosen them to stop his fingernails digging into his palms. Sometimes it drove him nuts how easily Phil read him, whereas Phil was often a complete mystery to him.
Steve started tickling Tony and scooped him up, bridal style. Tony fidgeted, not liking to be carried, but looking satisfied when Steve laid him in his bed and pinned down his shoulders.
Norman Osborne gets a hold of Tony and is determined to get the information he wants. He will not take no for an answer, and Tony would learn that the hard way.
Tony was amazed that he was still conscious; actually, he was amazed he was still alive at all. By his calculations, he probably should’ve died about twenty minutes ago, but Dracula must’ve done something with the set up to slow it down. He was barely breathing, and the room had been spinning for a while now. Initially, he had been sweaty and hot, but now he felt like ice. Dracula had grown impatient with his slurred weak speech, so the astrophysics conversation ceased. Tony could hear the vampire say something about the Captain arriving, but Tony couldn’t really remember who he was or what was happening. All he knew was the spinning room and rapid, tiny movements of his chest as he tried to keep breathing. His heartbeat was less a beat and more like a flutter that occasionally took a small break.
He searched Tony’s eyes for a hint of why this bothered him so much. All he saw was raw fear. He sighed.
Tony opted for a compromise; he leaned against the television stand, flipping the folder open. Natasha didn’t move from the spot, ready to do whatever was necessary if Tony didn’t handle this well. The folder was the same meeting notes that Steve had received, although she was sure Tony wouldn’t need to read it all. He was already painfully familiar with the Ten Rings.
He nuzzled into Steve’s shoulder. This was all too much to deal with and he didn’t know how. He still didn’t really know how to be loved by such a perfect man. Nor did he know how to have this family he had now, that supported him and was always there. It was so foreign.
Tony said quietly. It was so strangely intimate, but it also didn’t feel weird like it should. This was his drinking buddy, but also the guy who had to have his back on the battlefield. If he could let Tony hold his life in his hands, which he definitely has before, then he can talk about scars.
He kissed Tony on the forehead and when Tony looked into his eyes the mask slipped a little, something was causing Steve pain, which was the last thing Tony expected. Worry, anger, disappointment; all of those made sense to Tony. Pain seemed random.
Tony heard his name being called, could see Steve’s facing above his own, but he felt trapped inside himself. Instead of floating above and looking down, Tony was sunken below, having to swim through thick, boiling oil to reach the surface again.
He reached the door, throwing it open before Hulk hit him from behind. The doorway was definitely weaker than the other parts of the wall, because Hulk crashed through it behind Tony slamming into the building across the street. The suit crashed through glass, and Tony squealed to a halt on the linoleum floor of what appeared to be a children’s clothing store. He silently thanked the universe that it was nighttime, so no one had been in harm’s way. Standing with a wince, he began the march outside towards the Other Guy. Hopefully the others got here soon, because Hulk was clearly furious, and the armour had never had to stand up to a truly antagonistic Hulk, only an irritated one. Bruce had told him once that the Hulk’s strength was correlated to his anger levels.
She gave him her sweetest smile. If she had to work around these guys for the rest of the case, they could at least be friendly.
Tony wasn’t sure how to explain considering he hadn’t come up with that one, it was Bruce, so he decided to just go for honesty.
He looked up at her. It was such a wise thing for a child to say, all of the Avengers looked a little taken aback.
He watched Steve war with himself, his face twitching with conflicting emotions. He moved forward, turned off the stovetop before Steve burned his food, and grabbed Steve’s hands from underneath his crossed arms. Steve watched their hands for a moment, before meeting Tony’s eyes.
Peter turned to grin up at his dad. He snatched the man’s hand, and began dragging him towards his room.
Tony reached the cave opening first, peering inside. It was too dark to see much, so he cupped his hands to his mouth.
The first several hours were perfect. The dashed lines passing him by and the focus he could put into just the feeling of driving was therapeutic. The slight buzzing of the engine underneath his fingertips reminded him of his teens, the good parts, when he could get away with long trips to nowhere to escape everything. There was no time for brooding or panic attacks when autopilot wasn’t an option, like in the suit, and driving helped keep Tony from drinking. He sighed, life was going pretty alright.
He stepped back, and let Peter take a look. The blood moon was plenty visible without the telescope, of course, but this was more fun. Plus Steve had convinced them to make is a nighttime picnic. Tony settled onto the blanket beside Steve while Peter fiddled with the telescope. They held up their wine glasses,
Tony quashed the panic, there was no time. He lifted the faceplate of the suit as he lifted Jones’ light body onto the ground above so he could give mouth to mouth. He heard Steve sigh in relief with him when the girl gasped and began heaving in air on her own. When her eyes fluttered open, she was met with Tony’s concerned face. She wasn’t dead. Jessica began crying with relief, and the Tony Stark caressed her face.
They both took off in opposite directions in a rush, Clint with his bow, and Tony to gather wood. Clint may be a perfect shot, but he was crazy if he thought he’d win this one. He had to find an animal, kill it, lug it back, skin it, and butcher it. All Tony had to do was gather wood, use some rocks to border a pit, and get some tinder. It’d be a piece of cake.
he lied, sauntering towards the bar so he didn’t have to look at any of them. The lack of response behind him told him no one bought it. Tony poured another glass of bourbon, and a shot. He threw down the shot, set it down, and leaned heavily on the counter, dropping his chin to his chest. Just leave it alone, please, someone change the topic, he thought desperately.
One of my favourite urban legends is the black-eyed children. Usually one or a couple of them show up at your house asking to come in and use a phone, or asking for a ride at your car. They never actually do anything except cause fear until the person runs away. It's just so strange.
Steve nearly brained Natasha with his fist when she touched his arm. The poor guy was still standing in front of the restaurant in shock. She watched painfully as his eyes went from wide with terror to miserable in an instant. Supporting his wait a little, they got in the car Happy was driving. Natasha knew not to expect Steve to really be there with her until they got confirmation that Tony would live. The news they had gotten from JARVIS was suspiciously vague, and none of them actually knew what had happened yet. All she knew was that Tony was taken to the hospital, unconscious.
This is pure crack. I like Clint being smarter than he lets everyone think but he only lets it show when there's a competition at stake. Tony gets slightly angsty for a hot second in the middle, because Howard is an ass, but really he's just sleep deprived and worried he doesn't really know his friends. He'll be fine.
When he came into the room, Tony was out cold. Steve hoped he hadn’t been working himself too hard in the lab, but he was grateful that Tony was willingly getting some sleep. He was freshly showered, which was odd for Tony. Tony tended to take showers in the morning, or when Pepper made him. Steve carefully curled around him, not wanting to wake him. Tony just adjusted himself into the curve of Steve’s body, attracted by the warmth even in his sleep.
Tony Stark had foiled Morgan le Fay for the last time. First it had been back with Merlin and Doctor Doom and the whole Excalibur nonsense (
WARNINGS: mentions of alcoholism, physical abuse, mental abuse, severe illness, false memories, and spooky ghosts
His choked scream sounded like it was coming from someone else when Norman stabbed the weapon into his navel. It was certainly deeper inside of him this time, and his gut felt like a cold ache beneath the heat rippling through him. It felt like an eternity before he could breathe again, gasping and shaking miserably. His moan filled the room.
Tony scoffed. Steve forgot to mention volunteers. Plenty of people will volunteer to do things for Tony Stark just for the chance to see him and the Avengers in real life.
Bruce said firmly. Nobody questioned the doctor when he started giving commands, which was a very rare occasion.
Tony was overcome with grief, sobbing into his hands as he lay next to Steve’s body. His Steve. Steve Rogers, beautiful, perfect man, the great Captain America was dead. The tears that streamed down his face felt hyper-real somehow. This was all his fault. How could he have let things spiral so far out of control. The love of his life was still and cold, and Tony would never be able to tell him how sorry he was. He should’ve listened to the man sooner. If sadness was going to kill him, this was it.
As Bruce perched the glasses back onto his nose, he blanched slightly at Fury’s one-eyed glare. Fury glared at him for another fifteen seconds, counted meticulously for intended effect, then turned to speak to all of them.
Halloween is a very busy time of year for the Sorcerer Supreme. The veils between dimensions thin, and not so nice beings try to take advantage; Basically, Halloween is the worst overtime day of the year for Stephen Strange. This year, in particular, someone has decided to team up with Nightmare, and he is far more powerful than he should be, and he's after the children. If Strange wasn't so tired from all the other multiverse protecting, it'd be no biggie, but he is, so he asks the Avengers for help.
He could tell already how his body wasn’t taking the alcohol as well as usual. He was only 3 beers in and he already felt drunk. It wasn’t enough though; his thoughts still had too much clarity for comfort. Maybe if he died here of alcohol poisoning, his death would be looked at with the shame and disappointment he had earned. He’d lose Steve’s respect, and Pepper and Rhodey’s too, which would really suck. Not that JARVIS would let him drink himself to death, override codes or not. He had a knack of finding loopholes in Tony’s commands when Tony was doing something
An air horn sounded just behind him and to the right. Tony couldn’t possibly have been ready to stifle his startled scream.
Tony tried to reactivate his nanotech with his thoughts. He knew it wouldn’t work, but it was worth a try, right? He began running through a list in his head of ways out of this mess, but short of somehow talking Dracula out of his admittedly logical plan, he was completely dependent on outside help to rescue him. He wondered what the rate of his blood loss would be. If he knew, he could calculate how long he had. It would probably slow down as he lost volume, he decided, since his blood pressure would keep decreasing.
Tony didn’t even see which ring it came from this time; he was too distracted by the pain. Heat was radiating from the Mandarin’s left hand, burning Tony’s right. Tony screamed as his skin blistered before his eyes up his forearm and covering his palm. He wasn’t going to be able to hold anything with that hand for awhile. His screams died slowly and he realized that the Mandarin wasn’t even burning him anymore, but the pain was still excruciating.
Natasha replied as she jumped from halfway down the stairs, landing in a roll. Her calm demeanor and tone were only skin deep because neither of her friends looked too good right now, but luckily there weren’t many guys left. The man who had shot them heard Steve’s running and turned on him, but Steve deflected the shot. He was about to fling his shield when Natasha reached up and snapped the man’s neck from behind, smiling grimly. No one had heard her.
The sound of shattering glass against the castle’s stone walls scared away some of his minions lurking in the shadowy corner. Dracula roared in frustration. No matter how many times he played through the events with the Avengers in his head, he could only come to one conclusion. Anthony Edward Stark had ruined him. Even if the gamma radiation had been what decided the battle, the scientist had destroyed his his remaining chance when he figured out a way to cure Natasha without Dracula releasing her. It was supposed to be impossible. Nothing was more powerful than Dracula’s hold on one of his own, personally created, vampires.
Tony watched them go, walking over to sit next to Bruce. He placed a hand on his best bud’s shoulder, and Bruce nearly fell out of his seat in surprise. He had been staring at the tea in his hands, and hadn’t seen Tony approach. Not hearing things was hard.
He was walking back to his hotel from the  Palazzo Chigi, where he had been schmoozing the President del Consiglio. Tony was always the one to deal with Italy for SI since so many of the powerful figures were old family friends on Maria’s side. Most of them hated that she had left with Howard, but luckily they were charmed by her son and how he shared her eyes. The vintage Italian wine had left him with a warm buzz, and the night was mild and humid, so a walk had sounded much nicer than calling Happy up. His only warning was the wisp of black smoke in his periphery and the sound of a whispered
Peter nodded in agreement. He and Wade had already tried to summon her several times before JARVIS explained that it was only an urban legend.
she yelled into the chaos. The previous mix of yells, screams, crashes, laughter, and pounding music of Tony’s Halloween party was replaced by a deafening silence.  Wanda dropped the hands that she had been digging into her eyes and looked around the room. Everyone gaped at her, words caught in their throat. She was usually such a quiet spectator at their get togethers, that her outburst was a shock to even JARVIS, apparently.
Tony smiled tentatively. This new open thing had come with their engagement, and stuck around into the marriage. They had agreed it was their best chance to avoid repeating their many past mistakes. It often left Tony feeling raw and exposed, but Steve was there to soothe it.
Tony rolled his eyes and took a sip of his water bottle. The night was a bit chilly, so he had the convertible Audi R8’s roof up to avoid the chill. The air flowed openly through the vents though. If Tony liked one thing about October, it was that the smells of autumn hung in the air before being swept away in November’s cold.
Sometimes, Tony just got these ideas. "We’ll each tell you a story about our childhood fears. That way,” he glanced around the room, and his eyes told them there was no getting out of this, “Peter doesn’t grow up thinking he shouldn’t talk about his feelings like some of us did.”
He shouted after her as she stormed away to her car. She flipped him off without looking back. Once she was a couple blocks away, Jessica pulled over and parked, rubbing her face. She had stopped shedding tears over judgemental pricks years ago, but they were still exhausting. She emailed a copy of her notes and Mr. Marcus’ paper trail to the Detective, so she wouldn’t be bothered later with requests to go to the station. The asshole was gonna feel like an idiot later when Jessica dropped off the kidnapper tied up all neat with a bow.
. Steve wished with all his heart that Tony being so happy wasn’t a cause for alarm, but he knew the man. Tony should be stressed and irritable, should have dark circles under his eyes, should be twitchy and a little out of it. Whatever was different this year, Steve wanted to figure out if only to make sure he could repeat it from now on.
It had been nearly a decade since the last time he used the doll. His life was comfortable, he didn’t need to. The money was running out, though, and in retrospect he maybe should’ve invested some of it, but now it was too late. He could pull out the old costume and doll for one last mission, then he would invest it properly this time and swear off hurting people for good. The only logical target was the richest man in the world, of course. Tony Stark.
Tony’s face scrunched up in confusion. Steve only asked that after something bad happened, or Tony had a hangover, but he’d been clean for awhile. Tony sifted through his somewhat foggy mind, trying to remember what happened before he fell asleep. He and Steve were on a date, Tony was sober. They had great baklava, had made love, then… It all came flooding back.
It was too late though; Bruce saw the minute stiffening of Tony’s shoulders and hesitated. Was Tony afraid of him? Or just on edge because of everything that’s been happening? He was an abused child, so jumping to the assumption of physical abuse is to be expected from him, especially when not at his full cognitive functioning, but Bruce also had to wonder if it was Tony’s past fears of Howard being projected or a current fear of the Other Guy. He continued onward and laid a hand on Tony’s shoulder anyway. When Tony relaxed a little at the touch, it assuaged his worry a little.
The nurses wouldn’t let him have coffee. It was the worst sort of hell for Tony. Clint had a much less restrictive diet, and he couldn’t help the envy that flared up inside him. Only he would be unlucky enough to have somehow damaged himself more extensively than the man with a gaping, semi-burned wound in his side, but show no outward signs. Clint fell asleep after a couple hours. The other Avengers, beside Steve and Phil, took that as their cue to leave. Phil took a shower in the room’s shower.
Clint looked around the room. The front door led into a small kitchen, to the left was a doorway into what looked like a cramped family room with some mismatch furniture, and in front of them in the direction the girl had waved was an entryway into a dining room. There was a backdoor that led into the dining room that was straight across the house from the front door. Given the placement of the room, the stairway must be between the family room and whatever was catercorner to their current position, against the inside wall of the kitchen. He had a vague memory of one of his foster homes having a similar layout.
Steve didn’t have to gasp so loudly. Tony hated the drama of it all if anything was ever actually serious. He took a steadying breath, annoyed at the way his heart rate picked up with anxiety at hearing that his heart might have even more problems.
It’s not like Tony was suicidal, but he also didn’t seem to care either way if he lived or not. Was he truly so miserable that he didn’t feel it necessary to protect his own life? Steve thought that Tony was happier now that they were together. Was it not enough? He’d just have to work even harder to make Tony believe that he was worthy of living. What other choice did he have? He looked at Tony’s sleeping face, wishing so hard it hurt that he could make Tony love himself as much as Steve loved him. He wanted to take all those insecurities Tony kept hidden from the world away and throw them into oblivion. For the rest of the night he brainstormed plans for how to amend his obvious shortfall for Tony’s happiness.
he croaked. He didn’t have time for this. He had work to do and for some reason, the Avengers were blocking his path.
It was supposed to be a simple mission. Tony and Bruce had felt no need for any of the others to come along, since they’d be useless. They were gathering samples for experimentation, and knowing what they needed samples of was tricky. The scientists didn’t think the others had an eye for it. Dr. Strange had showed up at the tower only a week ago, looking for Tony.
Julie smiled at Steve, and he was reminded of how young she looked. She truly was pretty brave to step into a room full of jumpy superheroes, and not run out screaming.
Tony felt his mouth snap shut, hit teeth clicking together. He looked at Peter, then at Steve, and back again.
Even JARVIS was making light of this. Maybe Steve was paranoid for being worried, but he still felt the cold dread settle in his stomach.
ALSO!!! Please check out the event Marvel Trumps Hate on tumblr. I'm participating as a creator under the name rhys, so if you like my work, you can bid to request a fic to your specifications, and the money goes to charity!
Tony’s eyes fluttered open at Steve’s panic, he caught Steve’s wrist, noticing the tubes in his hand.
This was eating away at his work-time. Tony would much rather be getting things done than dissecting his every decision for the team. Past experience told him it was more efficient to get it all out now, though, than walking away and having an argument later.
Steve sat down, groaning in frustration. Tony made small whimpering noises and settled down, just squirming uncomfortably.
Matt honestly hadn’t even thought of it. He dialed Natasha automatically, since they were already friends.
It was a good thing Bruce wasn’t a supervillain, because the look of sheer deviousness that crossed his face was creepy. Hulk and Bruce would be bad enemies to have.
Steve entered the throne room at a sprint. His eyes found Tony immediately, and he almost forgot the plan. The brunette was sheet-white, with blue lips. He didn’t even look like he was breathing. The two bags were full of so much blood and how could Tony still be alive he had failed him he should’ve just come alone sooner and maybe Dracula would just kill him quickly so he didn’t have to live with this guilt and-
This fic has two special guests and one of them is in this chapter, the other in the next. I just love adding in Marvel characters that aren't MCU, because I just want to read about all my babies. Let me know what you guys think of the battle! I tried to make it as clear as possible!
Tony sounded blasé, but he was trembling as he eyed that ring. Ten rings and Tony had only seen some of the power so far; almost anything could happen.
Tony blinked. He felt the fog lift from his mind, but truthfully, he had expected more of a physical feeling, maybe a shock. Instead, he just slowly realized that his decisions were his own again. He gave an experimental tugs on the chains, just for shits and giggles. He had no such luck. This really sucked, and now that he was no longer under the vampires hypnosis, it began to sink in.
Tony pulled his hand away from his arm and investigated in the dawn light shining into the cave. He could see two smears on his hand that had clearly been spiders, and they had both bitten him before they died.
Jessica gave her an awkward pat on the shoulder, leafing through the cheater’s suitcase again. In fairness to Sharlene, the man did seem to be packed for good. He must’ve bought a whole new wardrobe because there was no way this much was missing from his closet, Jessica would’ve noticed.
Steve detected a slight accent, Afghanistan maybe. Was his smile strained? He could just be shy, Steve reminded himself. His therapist had been trying to teach him to be a little less paranoid all the time, one of the first steps to addressing the PTSD. He smiled back, trying to seem as genuine as possible, considering Tony seemed to know and trust this man. He could at least trust Tony.
she said darkly, stepping towards him again. Instead of fighting back like she expected, he started backing away on his hands and knees as though she were a monster and he were defenseless. She stopped again.
Vision’s voice rang out. Steve felt Dracula let go as the beam of light threw him across the room. Vision flew over, never allowing the energy beam to stop, and the vampire was screaming in agony.
Clint didn’t say anything, just took off his t-shirt and placed it in his lap. He had never been self-conscious about his body before, but being studied made him feel a little like squirming.
The portal appeared just beside the armour, sucking Iron Man in. Steve jumped to grab the boot closest to him without thinking. His instinct was just to grab on and pull back. Instead of helping in anyway whatsoever, Steve just ended up falling through the hole as well just before it closed up around Loki’s cackling. Luckily for them, the other side of the portal was only a couple feet off the ground, so they only tumbled into a tree rather than fell from the sky.
Tony and Steve stared at each other for a moment in silence before Tony burst out laughing. Steve watched him in horror, confused. Maybe he had lost it.
He jumped unintentionally, which even through the drugs in his system reminded him that his insides had had a bullet ripping through them.
Wanda asked quietly. The doctor had to strain to hear her over Tony’s hissing breaths as the new pain subsided.
Tony waved her off, already switching mindsets to design new components for the suit to deal with future possibilities. Maybe a toxin scanner? Yeah, it could check his blood toxicity like what he used when he was dealing with the whole palladium poisoning thing…
Tony jumped to his feet and staggered over to the bar. He was pouring more liquor. This had been his first night off in weeks, and damn, he had needed this. The glass slid away from him as he recorked the bourbon. Tony stared at the spot it had been, confused. Tilting his head and reaching forward to investigate, he suddenly noticed the figure in his periphery he somehow hadn’t noticed. Maybe he should stop.
Tony now sat one room over from the vent he knew Clint would go to. He smiled when he heard the archer shuffle through the hallway towards the room. This was going to be epic. Tony heard Clint move the furniture covering the vent out of the way and pull the metal grate off. It would be any minute now.
Thanks to everyone who read the whole way through! I put a lot of time and love into this piece and I can only hope it makes some readers as happy as it makes me. I know, I'm cheesy, but who doesn't love cheese?
Bruce wasn’t paying him any attention at all, though. His eyes were fixed on the floor, his hands still clutching the tool. Tony thought that his skin might have a greenish hue, but the lighting was not good in here, and he hoped he was merely being paranoid.
Steve let him lead the way, and they were to Tony’s bed where an IV was still being put in his arm, and the man was already intubated. Steve collapsed unceremoniously into the seat beside Tony opposite to the side the nurse was on, grabbing Tony’s hand. He squeezed just tight enough to let Tony know he was there, that Tony had to pull through. The words he had spoken earlier that night were running through his head on repeat and he felt sick.
Where did his genius IQ go at times like this when he desperately needed to form meaningful sentences?
Tony heard the Mandarin approach before he turned to see him. He didn’t have time to move before the foot connected with his side, sending him sprawling onto his stomach. The blood that welled up came too easily, he had to spit it out to keep from drowning. There’s no way he was in good shape internally. Tony wasn’t so sure he’d make it out of this alive by the time his friends came to the rescue. The Mandarin laughed.
Strange looked around at the others, some of whom were slowly coming away from illusions, but Rogers was still frozen. He'd come back for them, Tony needed attention now.
Later that night, when they had finally come down from the sugar rush and were almost asleep, JARVIS spoke up.
He narrowly dodged the swipe of Hulk’s hand attempting to swat at him like a fly. Taking to the air, Tony circled his
As she drew closer to the kidnapper, she could hear more details. Poor Mr. Marcus was yelling through the wooden box he was locked in, but it was too muffled for her to make out. Jessica couldn’t help the way she winced slightly with each plop of dirt onto the box.
Steve was off on his morning run, Phil was out of town for a mission, and Clint and Bruce were still in bed, so Tony was the only one else in the room. He lifted his head off his arms to see who she was talking to and quirked an eyebrow.
Tony rolled back over to the long meeting table, sighing and pulling out his phone. This game in the tower was a bad idea, far too boring. Now was as good a time as any to check his email, he supposed. He hadn’t been kidding that he had work to do.
Bruce was barely holding it together. Steve couldn’t blame the man as he stormed away, green tinged skin shimmering before Bruce dug his nails into his skin. Steve hoped he could keep away the Other Guy for now.
He didn’t mean to sound so accusatory, Strange probably was trying to help, but honestly, right now? He just woke up.
Steve knew how to handle Dracula. They had a rapport. So when Clint shot an arrow uselessly through the vampire, he was furious. The archer had ruined their chances of settling this peacefully with one thoughtless act. The vampires could be handled easily, Steve knew his way around them. He never would’ve been comfortable fighting beside them in the war if he hadn’t known how to defend himself should they betray the Howling Commandos. Dracula himself in a fight though? He wasn’t as sure they could handle.
The elevator door opened, and Tony looked up in time to see Stephen Strange stumble out. That alone brought Tony back to alertness. Dr. Strange didn’t stumble. He floated, or walked so gracefully and lightly that it was almost floating, and those were his only two methods of transportation Tony had ever witnessed. Today? The man stumbled, righted himself, saw Tony on the floor, and lurched forward.
JARVIS would sigh if his program allowed it. His creator was looking smug, apparently convinced he had won the debate.
The paper was glossy. It looked like one of those mailer flyers that people shove under doors to try and get as many people to see it as possible. Clint was surprised they hadn’t died out as a concept yet, given social media had become a much easier method for disseminating information.
Tony said nothing but he nodded. Everything he had just learned running through his head. So there was a price on his head. Alright. He could deal with this. He’d dealt with it many times; it was no different now just because it was the Ten Rings. When he looked up, it was just Steve left there with him. He had that pinched look on his face he always had when he didn’t know what to say, but otherwise his face was unreadable, something Tony wasn’t used to. As far as Tony was concerned, Steve was an open book. His face showed every little emotion, and Tony took so much comfort in that, being used to constantly wearing a mask himself. He’ll admit sometimes he misread the thoughts beneath the emotions on Steve’s face, but he almost always got the emotions right. The fact that right now he looked so blank was unnerving.
Tony knew what he was asking for. But he couldn’t very well leave MODOK running amuck, could he? Once they took care of the threat, he could be taken care of. And if it was too late? Well, the others could get on without him, he left all his money to Pepper with the instructions to manage the Avengers. Steve would be angry, but he’d deal eventually… Tony hoped.
The entire city of Paris is full of statues. No, he berates himself, they’re not statues. The population of Paris was turned to stone because he couldn’t convince Odin to help him save it fast enough. Half of the fight with serpent had nearly killed his friends while he was taking far too long in Nidavellir making their weapons worthy. If Tony had just been a little more focused, things may have gone smoothly. Every casualty in Paris was a failure that ate at him from the inside out. Tony should’ve never even tried to claim he was a hero.
When Tony came to, it was after eighteen hours straight sleeping. He could breathe and move again, was no longer dying, but his body was so sore. He shifted with a groan, shakily sitting up a little in the hospital bed. When he forced his heavy eyelids open, Steve was right there to greet him.
Lisa frowned, seeing right through the facade, but Frank Jr. nodded enthusiastically, always excited to impress his namesake. He had such good kids.
She asked. As she walked in the direction of her apartment, she was constantly scanning for anything suspicious. Just to be safe, she took an indirect root home.
Natasha interrupted, voice even but threatening. She would not take insult to their actions as a whole that day. Coulson had led that mission and he had done everything he could, it was her old enemies in the Hand that had caught them off guard.
he paused, waiting for Jane to show a sign of recognizing who that was. She nodded, that’s who had kidnapped Tony.
Dracula asked him. Tony was lying on a stone table, watching his captor chain his wrists and ankles to each other and locking them to the bolts in the ground. It was uncomfortable and cold, but he didn’t struggle. This was what Dracula wanted.
He opened his eyes and yup, there was that pity in their eyes; that worry and exhaustion and relief all at his expense. It only made him feel all the more guilty. He never wanted to make his team feel that way, or Pep and Rhodey, and especially Steve. He didn’t deserve this kind of love from all of them. They were all stronger and better than he’d ever be.
He considered it a win when Tony laughed. Sure, the situation kind of sucked, but they may as well enjoy themselves while they were stuck here. If anything, being forced to camp in the woods and be away from the stress of SI could be good for Tony.
As soon as they reached a main road, Steve hailed a cab, asking them to step on it to the nearest hospital. They were safe now. Tony hadn’t gotten any worse, and he was sure there’d be an antivenom.
she whispered. Strange glanced up at her, unsure if he could finish that quickly. She sent him a wave of confidence without breaking her gaze with Tony, and Doctor Strange decided she was right.
Tony snatched the tablet up that was sitting on the breakfast bar. He scanned the list and frowned. He scanned it again. The words were disappearing from his mind as quickly as he read them. He wasn’t even absorbing information. This confirmed they were on the right track, he decided. Whatever magic this was did not want him to figure it out.
The reactor was finished, drained of power. The pins and needles sensation in his chest was harsh, and he gasped with the sharp pain of the shrapnel moving. He was vaguely aware of the stranger’s hand still there on his chest. His heart was stuttering and he felt out of breath, and the effect was happening quicker than usual with a reactor failure. Tony could only assume he was still somehow stealing life energy. The sound of shouting somewhere behind him felt unreal, and Tony couldn’t make out the voice or words, anyway, with how loud his own struggling heart was in his ears. The blur of colour, probably Cap’t shield knocked the Stranger’s arm off of Tony. It was a little late though, and Tony felt a very distant acceptance that this might be it. He could barely suck in a breath for all the effort it took.
Some of science’s most spectacular discoveries were made through risky experiments. Tony Stark was an avid believer in the idea that sometimes you just have to ‘run before you can walk’ technique if you wanted to get anything done in a timely manner. He had explained this to JARVIS over and over again over the years, and seriously, Tony thought JARVIS was supposed to be an intelligent learning AI, so why couldn’t the stupid program seem to learn this one fact!?
Clint whined from his spot on the floor. He was leaning against Phil’s legs against the armchair, and the SHIELD agent was mindlessly playing with his hair, eyes closed.
Tony tried to keep his voice calm. Morgana enjoyed fear, especially from men. She was more likely to release him if he could appeal to logic.
Tony had a bad habit in antagonizing his captors. SHIELD had tried to teach him repeatedly how to undergo torture successfully, but their methods of merely repeating one’s name and identification code did not work for him. He only remained motivated to stay alive by maintaining his adversarial, sarcastic attitude. Otherwise he’d crumble.
One corner of the room was much darker than the rest. All the ceiling lights near were burnt out, and the reactor’s aura was the only thing shining into the darkness. Tony held one gauntlet up, repulsor at the ready. That was when the smell hit him.
Janet remarked. Tony just looked at him with wide eyes, feeling like he was falling in love with Steve all over again. This man was far better than he could have ever dreamed.
Peter snorted at the picture in his head. Sex still seemed gross to him, but it would be extra weird if your sister was attached to you.
Steve sighed. Something to dwell on later, he guessed. He pulled out his phone, sending a mass text to everyone to update them, including Pepper and Rhodes. He vaguely wondered if Thor got bars in Asgard. His phone buzzed in his lap.
Norman showed no reaction to Tony’s screams or whimpers, just continued to ask questions. Tony merely glared at the other man, clenching his jaw to keep from whimpering again.
Thor returned her smile and they started making out. That was Darcy’s cue to leave. That part was always gross. Why did they always have to do this when she was around? They have a room! Sometimes she could swear she’s invisible or something.
The rest of the room exchanged glances. Loki was a perfectly logical suspect given his track record, but Thor was biased even if he claimed he trusted Loki no more than a stranger anymore.
Tony didn’t look up from the tangle of wires he was fiddling with. The big metal contraption that contained said wires was a mystery to Strange; its use not obvious from its appearance. Tony’s world of engineering often seemed as mysterious and unattainable to Stephen as his world of magic seemed to Tony.
He turned and started walking out. His cape billowed behind him and Clint had never noticed how deep the red was. It didn't look like fabric, but somehow otherworldly. He turned,
Tony took one last glance over their handiwork. The small group of senators had worked with him and Fury to write the law, made sure they were well-worded to do the greatest good. Masked heroes needed to be held accountable. Tony had made the mistake of being unaccountable before, had been the Merchant of Death; he wanted to save all his friends the pain of learning that lesson the hard way. The children who’d died in that explosion were his fault. Not directly, of course, but Tony knew better. He should have foreseen this and done something sooner. This was for the best. A flash of the future felt like a punch to the gut. Tony should’ve never made the Superhero Registration Act.
he just wanted this conversation to not be happening. He was going to say something he shouldn’t and Steve was going to know too much.
He let out a startled yell when Dr. Strange was suddenly standing just behind him with two fingers to Tony’s temple.
Coulson’s tone was all business and brooked no argument, but they all knew that it really meant he was relieved that Tony wasn’t dead and that he had faith in his recovery.
Steve watched Tony answer another question and the rest of the room could’ve disappeared for all he cared. When the billionaire really got going in an interview, his real personality would begin to bleed through the cocky public persona. His easy going responses put even the most rowdy reporters at ease and he expertly steered conversation to topics he was comfortable with. Growing up in the spotlight had shaped him into the perfect interviewee that Steve, with his awkward shyness, could never hope to be.
Tony mulled over that. He didn’t feel anything, but Bruce could be more sensitive to whatever it was. Dr. Strange had assured them that nothing magical remained here, so it wasn’t that.
Steve stood awkwardly in front of Tony, and everything they had shared before was gone. Tony didn’t trust him, and he didn’t trust Tony. It was the greatest surprise in the world that Steve had never actually died, but the suffering had been real nonetheless. And now that he was here, Tony had no idea where to start. He had failed with SHIELD, had barely survived the Skrulls, and his health was failing, his brain slowing. Steve shifted on his feet, sadness so clear in his eyes that Tony felt like it stabbed him in the heart. He needed to explain everything, that he regretted all of it, but his brain just wouldn’t seem to work fast enough.
Steve was far too smug on the ride to Transylvania. Tony was not saying that vampires were magic, although Steve seemed to thing that in agreeing to go he was admitting defeat, but the scientist knew when he was outclassed in tech. Right now he needed to gather more data if he wanted to help Natasha, and that data was in Transylvania. His mind was racing with possibilities, maybe nanotech, as he listened to Steve explain his history with the vampires. He couldn’t believe in all of Howard’s tales of the war and the great Captain America, he had never mentioned this. Maybe he had been just as skeptical as Tony, and didn’t want to address it.
she managed before breaking into a coughing fit. She spat blood with each cough and she fell off the chair with the force of the fit. Thor lunged forward and caught her, holding her carefully in his lap.
she whispered to the room before turning and fleeing. She normally prided herself on her self-control; she never lost her temper. Knowing it was too dangerous for someone with reality warping chaos magic like her own to lose control of their emotions, she spent years mastering meditation and emotional control.
What he found was somehow worse than the reactors being stolen. Both crates were still full, minus the three reactors he had used since bringing the crates over from Malibu. But they could hardly be called reactors at this point. They were all dark, completely drained of any energy. They looked like empty husks. It was eerily similar to finding a pile of dead insects. Tony found it creepy, even though neither the insects, or the inanimate objects, were ever intelligent creatures. Not to mention, that this meant something was definitely wrong down here. What could have done this?
He slid it across the bar and Phil stopped it from going over the edge. He dropped his face into his hands and grumbled into them,
Direct continuation to chapter 4, Curse. Tony and Clint are injured, and stuck in SHIELD medical. Phil and Steve are not new to being the boyfriend at a hospital bedside. At least they have each other, right?
Tony startled awake at Clint’s outburst, and Steve could punch the archer, Tony needed to sleep. The genius reached down and took another bite of pizza as though he hadn’t just been asleep.
The portal closed directly behind Strange, and Tony could see the sheen of sweat that had formed on his forehead before he hastily wiped it away. The sorcerer really was weakened, Tony had never seen him like this. He shared a look with Steve through the suit. The Captain noticed as well. Dr. Strange might be the one needing protected by the end of the night.
When they came back the next day, Bruce promised he’d bring Tony’s tablet so he could work, despite Steve’s protests. He needed to look at some possible alterations to the arc reactor that might fix his newest problem. Maybe JARVIS could help him come up with a whole new mechanical organ. He could just replace his stupid, problem-causing heart.
. It felt like being burned alive, but with no end in sight or deadening of the nerves. Instead, Tony tried to writhe in agony, but that only pulled harshly at his joints. Through his now blurry vision, he could tell Morgana was laughing, but the sound was lost to him. She didn’t seem to have any motivation to let up and give him a breather, so Tony had to take the small gasps his body forced him to take when his lungs grew too thirsty. With the way the magic was consuming him, he had no control over his bodily mechanics anymore. A far away part of his mind wondered if he had pissed himself. This was truly hell.
The air wasn’t helping her anymore. She kept breathing, harder and faster, but it was just recycled CO2 at this point. It felt a little like drowning slowly.
At least, that was why she assumed no one spoke, as some of them even moved their mouths to speak, but remained speechless. The overwhelming migraine was finally bearable in the new quiet. With the pain subsiding, Wanda was overcome by sudden embarrassment. She had ruined everyone’s fun. Tears blurred her vision and her face was hot.
But Tony and he were gonna be here all weekend. Maybe this was finally the time to let their relationship grow, even if only a little. Plus, Tony had chosen to take a break in his busy schedule to go on a trip with him. There had to be something more to that than just Bigfoot, right? Tony hated camping. He felt like he owed it to the genius a little to try to be there, not just shrug off the man’s discomfort.
Tony wasn’t sure if that would make sense at all. It did to him, but he recognized that he was delirious and probably would lose consciousness soon. He huffed out another laugh that turned into a cry of pain. That wave of pain made his vision white out for a moment.
He did not cry now, he just swallowed the pain and emotions, quashing them down for later. Instead he allowed himself to take comfort in Steve’s arms, nuzzling into those rock hard pecs. He was too embarrassed already to put up a fight when Steve brought up the wheelchair.
She tried to push up on the lid with her considerable strength, but there had to be metal reinforcing the thing and keeping it shut, because it didn’t budge.
JARVIS tried desperately. They had been arguing about this for twenty minutes now, and he was getting the sneaking suspicion that Sir was only humouring him.
He downed the drink, made another, and quickly drank it as well. He kept the third mug full alcohol-free, and waltzed past the worried blond to go to his lab. He could feel Steve following him like a shadow, but ignored the man. Maybe he would just give up and go away.
Steve snapped. How was the team supposed to operate of they were keeping things like this from each other?
he managed, but his voice cracked. He turned away and walked more quickly towards the others. He was done with this conversation for now.
JARVIS asked. Natasha scooted away without a word. Everyone looked at each other awkwardly before starting conversation back up, talking about ways to keep Tony away from his suits while he recovered. Steve tuned them out and looked at the tablet.
Before Tony could begin a therapeutic rant about magic, excruciating pain in his left leg had him screaming. When it was a little less overwhelming, he looked down to see his femur was bending unnaturally. He closed his eyes and willed himself not to pass out.
he gestured to the opening elevator doors. Tony walked out in a huff, and he wasn’t, most definitely wasn’t pouting. Steve laughed and set the baklava down on the table as he plopped down on the couch. Tony immediately pounced on him, planting kisses along Steve’s clavicle. Steve made a low, needy groan and started at Tony’s shirt buttons, stopping to touch his hand over the beautiful, blue glow of the reactor. Tony tensed but immediately forced himself to relax. He’d come such a long way since the first time they had tried to have sex and Steve was proud. Steve had touched the reactor triggering a flashback for Tony, and he had had a full blown panic attack. Steve had to sit with him for two hours before Tony was able to talk about Obadiah and his heart being ripped from his chest by someone he had trusted. Who wouldn’t have trust issues after that?
She shook him violently with each word, probably because he had started to black out again, not because he was a sadist.
They all startled at the laughter suddenly echoing all around them. It was a woman’s laughter, and Tony did not like the way Strange suddenly looked stricken.
By the time they were done eating and packing away the leftovers in bear-proof, freshness-preserving containers of Tony’s design for dinner, it was somewhere in the late afternoon.
Steve smiled at the tiny screen. Barton had to make jokes out of everything, and Steve wouldn’t have it any other way. They all loved Tony so much, if only Tony could see it when it wasn’t being shoved down his throat. Steve wished he could get a better understanding of what happened during the battle yesterday before Tony woke up. He wanted to know Tony’s actions without any omissions, something he’d be hard pressed to get from Tony. He mentally walked through yesterday again.
Tony was back, on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere, but now it was daytime. Where had the girl gone? Who was shaking him?
Everyone was sniffling at this point. How could they not? Peter stood there, clueless to how much they were all admiring him.
Steve asked, already knowing the answer but trying anyway. They couldn’t risk a passerby getting their hands on the tech. When Tony didn’t deign to answer the question, he moved on.
Somehow the ring had turned on the reactor but blocked it from powering the suit. How convenient, Tony thought. Magic really was the worst. The Mandarin easily found all the latches and pulled the suit away. He threw Tony’s shoes and socks away as well, making doubly sure Tony wouldn’t get very far if he ran. Tony started to back away from him without even really thinking, the guy was just right above him and so close, so calm as though Tony were a small child. It made Tony uneasy.
Natasha got an opening and flipped Steve onto the mat. WHO PAST-KNOW W-A-N-D-A CHAOS MAGIC ACCIDENTS USEFUL SOMETIMES? She signed.
He reached over and ruffled Peter’s hair. This kid was smart and sensitive, who could ask for more? Steve had made a lot of mistakes in life, but the family he ended up with was worth every single one.
Tony had been healthy when the alarm sounded, but when did the symptoms start? Tony’s performance in battle had been stellar as usual, definitely not noticeably impaired. His voice had sounded slightly strained on the comm when he asked for a plan of attack, but Steve had figured it was because he was flying in circles and shooting while he spoke. There certainly hadn’t been worry in the tone. Maybe it wasn’t severe yet at that point? Once they had started the plan though, Tony had been busy taunting MODOK. There was a moment when Tony had turned off his comm, as he did when talking to JARVIS. That conversation had to have some clues. JARVIS never let Tony risk his health without fair warning and often had to be ordered to allow Tony’s actions.
Natasha flipped him off while Steve only nodded. Bruce hadn’t seen Clint sign, so he looked back and forth confused by Natasha and Steve’s responses. I MISS SOMETHING? He asked.
When Clint cleared his throat behind Steve, he actually jumped. Normally only Natasha could startle Steve. He had been in a trance-like state, thinking of nothing but the force of each blow.
JARVIS’ voice came from the small speakers. The screen flipped to camera mode, showing Steve his lap.
Some of science’s most spectacular discoveries were made through risky experiments. Tony Stark was an avid believer in the idea that sometimes you just have to ‘run before you can walk’ technique if you wanted to get anything done in a timely manner. It's how he made the armour, it's how he made most of SI's products, and the strategy served him just fine.
Bruce was looking around confused and he was naked and Clint could help there. He walked towards him, pulling the spare pants out from his satchel. As he drew nearer, Bruce jumped up and grabbed the pants from Clint's outstretched hand a little too forcefully.
Tony was standing now and Clint didn’t remember rising to his own feet. They were inches from each other. Someone could cut through the tension with a knife.
The crash of the chair against the wall startled everyone. Steve stood over the pieces, his chest heaving.
It hit Natasha like a ton of bricks. The Enchantress. The necklace had to be controlling their friend somehow. Thor had told her about the Asgardian woman who was obsessed with Thor. She had tried many times to make him fall in love with her. They had to get the damn thing off!
Steve chuckled quietly, the specific laugh when he gets a reference. And that was just not fair. When did someone show Steve
Steve asked quietly. Tony gave him a pained smile. It was answer enough. They stood, and Steve put his arm around Tony’s waist as they exited. He wished, not for the first time, that he could bring Howard back from the grave to kick his ass.
They ended up on tuxes with each other’s usual colour schemes. Tony wore a light blue vest, with matching pinstripes on his pants. The tux jacket and bowtie were black with a blue shimmer that you could see only when the light hit it right. He thought it looked perfect with his engagement ring, and he used one of those blue tinted mascaras to accentuate his naturally long lashes. Now that he knew Steve had a thing for it, he finally had an excuse to start exploring some of the more feminine parts of vanity he’d always wanted to, but he’d start slow. There was the public to consider, of course.
going easy. The serum meant that Steve could hold up against Thor better than the others, minus Hulk, but Thor was fighting with more ferocity than usual. Steve narrowly dodged another blow, thankful they were fighting bare-handed. Even with the shield, Steve was sure Thor could hurt him with Mjolnir if he wasn’t careful. He managed a kick to Thor’s side before rolling away again. His best strategy with the god was always to stay out of reach.
Loki doesn't take it well when Tony decides not to play along with their usual fun. Somehow that translates to Steve and Tony stranded in unfamiliar woods with no working tech.
Tony was still lying on the ground, but Clint could see he was moving as he neared the bottom. He groaned.
Tony felt a spike of energy and his heart sped up. It became a little easier to breathe so he brought back the taunting.
his voice was too loud; people were starting to look at them curiously. It took him real effort to quiet himself.
So Tony would survive because Wanda Maximoff had declared it so. Stephen Strange used more magic than he was prepared to in order to save a close friend, and both sorcerers would sleep for the next three days, recovering. With the magic removed, Tony’s nanobots could help hold his bones together while they began healing, instead of him needing metal rods everywhere. Steve was made fun of for months for fainting when he hadn’t even done anything, but secretly they all just needed something to laugh about to mitigate the shock of the situation.
The lab in front of him was now a completely different lab. Tony looked around the room, vaguely aware that this was in his head; that he was still at home. This lab looked more like disorganized warehouse. There were tables scattered about, with chemistry equipment and glowing solutions. In piles throughout the large room there were metal tools and weapons, but they were completely alien to Tony. The view before Tony was suddenly back to his own lab with Strange facing him. He couldn’t help the hand that flew to his heaving chest. He took a few deep breaths, letting his panic ebb away.
Tony replied slowly, his eyes working the HUD display in the suit as he told JARVIS to turn on the UV lights in the gym.
Clint would wager it started with the game of darts with Sam. He missed a shot, and Hawkeye never misses a shot. Everyone pointed out that he had been injured and tired from battle, but Clint knew something was amiss. Steve thought he remembered his sketchbook being ruined by the exploding pen happening before that, but he could be wrong. Tony was 68.2% certain that it began with his suit’s repulsor misfiring during the AIM raid. Natasha and Phil decided it must be when Fury lost his eyepatch, because the man never lost his eyepatch. When did Nick Fury misplace something? Bruce might guess it was the most recent chemical explosion in his lab, but Tony argued those were frequent enough that maybe Bruce was just too reckless with solution mixing. The laughter was unanimously uproarious at the suggestion coming from the most reckless scientist in the building. Thor unabashedly proclaimed that he did not pay attention to details so he would never have noticed the start.
Strange opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by the door to the surgical wing swinging open. Dr. Stein stepped out. She looked thoroughly exhausted.
Steve shouted. The argument wasn’t a new one, and his patience was beginning to wear thin. He understands that Tony’s heart is in the right place, but the genius was not hearing his words.
Tony let himself be led away, looking back at Steve with his face frozen in shock. Steve only smiled at them.
How many times had he found Tony injured in his lab because he tested things with no precautions? How many times did he have to carry Tony to bed because he had passed out after several sleepless nights? How often did Steve have to nearly force feed him because he wouldn’t step away from his work? It felt like Tony had a death wish, and Steve didn’t know what to do about it.
Genius or no, it wasn’t a surprise that Steve was one of the last two standing. Natasha wasn’t really a surprise. The two of them were probably the best tacticians, and they were both genetically enhanced. Tony had nearly gotten Steve once, but Steve managed to slide away from him, and Tony hoped the resulting rug burn was worth it, because the infinitesimal space between his fingertips and Steve’s skin made him feel like he might somehow go Hulk. In that moment of shock after Steve got away, laughing as he ran, Tony finally understood what children saw in these games. They were so exciting! Maybe more adults should keep playing childhood games. It would certainly be nice for other adults like him, who never got to have a childhood.
Natasha was wary. In her experience, direct confrontation was not a very productive method with Tony. She raked her eyes down the genius’ form. He had dark bags under his eyes, his bones seemed a little too close to the skin, and he was actually trembling with manic energy.
But no. One of the solid, comforting facts of Dracula’s existence had been shattered by Tony Stark and the Avengers. Captain America’s blood was still the primary goal, but he needed the genius dead. It had taken him longer than it should have to realize the real danger of Stark’s discovery. The mortal could potentially ‘cure’ all of his kind, returning them to the weak state of humans. While maybe once upon a time, in the early days of being immortal, Dracula would have welcomed the opportunity to be rid of what he thought was an evil curse, centuries later, he knew better.
At the sound of Clint's footsteps (the sound he made sure to make) Phil opened his eyes, a tired smile creeping across his face.
his accusation was slurred. Steve hadn’t seen Tony get sloppy drunk in real life. He had seen the videos on the internet, sure, but those were from years ago.
Strange spoke up. Clint nearly jumped out of his skin at the volume. Strange broke the circle of hands, and was looking at Meryll sharply. They seemed to share a silent conversation through looks alone, before she inclined her head, conceding.
Bruce said wryly. He was watching the red wine in his glass swirl round and round with the fascination that only an inebriated person can achieve.
Tony murmured tiredly. He must be on a lot of meds, because he felt loopy, giggling when Steve smiled at him. That was fine, he really didn’t want to feel anything right now. The pain could wait for later. He wasn’t really sure how he ended up here. The bank robbery had clearly gone to hell, but the fact that he was here meant something had gone awry. The bandages on his abdomen meant something must have injured him through the suit.
Phil’s smile was a small quirk at the corners of his mouth. Anything more was typically reserved for Clint.
He sounded like a stereotypical old man, but he was definitely not generic. Even in the dark, Jessica could see that his skin was off. It was a green, with some darker bluish undertones on his elbows and neck. It reminded her of a cartoon zombie. He waited another few minutes, listening to the night. He had sworn he heard someone else out here. Why anyone beside him would be out here in the middle of the night was beyond him.
With that, she walked away, hips swinging, heels clicking. She was probably right, as crazy as it sounds. Tony would somehow go from billionaire to flat broke in a manner of months without Pepper, he was sure of it.
He had trouble believing that. They'd met a lot of telepaths over the years but it was hard to be like Charles Xavier.
It shouldn’t have surprised Stephen Strange how soon Captain America began moving and trying to wake, but it did anyway. He was stronger than he should be, and before Strange was done with warming him, he began struggling against the sleep. He really wasn’t at a temperature yet where he should be able to function, yet he’s already thinking and murmuring about Tony. Strange shook his head with a small smile. Love was a magic all of its own.
He had Thor/not-Thor in a full nelson, but he was too strong to be immobilized. Natasha hit him in the head with a weight to no effect.
So as far as his co-conspirators knew, the plan was to feed Clint a drug laced pumpkin pie, then when he was tripping, scare the shit out of him with an air horn and strobe lights (in case Clint wasn’t wearing his hearing aids). It was nice and simple. Clint usually ate a whole pie himself, so it wasn’t even unusual to make several different pies. When the rest of them were eating pie around him, it would hopefully help the archer disregard any suspicion.
The work engrossed him immediately, so he didn’t notice the way everyone else in the room exchanged glances. Eventually Bruce shrugged, deciding Tony would probably be least annoyed by him pressing.
The plan seemed to work, both to Tony’s delight and dismay. The Hulk let out a furious roar that vibrated Tony’s bones before taking off towards him, and consequently, the door. Tony turned and kicked on his boots, escaping the green beast’s grasp not a moment too soon. He aimed a nice medium repulsor blast at the wall to escape through. No time for opening doors.
he called out. Tony had his head ducked behind something, so Steve couldn’t see his face. Steve saw a hand wave him off.
Steve didn’t like that Tony knew about this already. If he had control of this situation, he would have left Tony in the dark the whole time and taken care of it in secret, but that option was already out the window.
Jenny asked, surprised. She quickly ducked under his right arm and practically dragged him into the now visible ship, before setting him on a bench. She put her hands out, and made a motion like she was running them over his suit, but without actually touching him. The grimace she made was not a promising sign. “There’s a lot of bleeding, and the bullet seems to be migrating. She looked confused.
The elevator sped up, and Bruce had to grab onto the handrail to keep from falling over. Their ‘meeting room’ was actually the entertainment room where they gathered for movie nights, but somewhere along the line it also became where they gathered for team planning and debriefs from the Captain. Tony and Bruce were there first and Tony just pointed to a chair,
Phil stated simply. No one could confidently refute it after that display. They all began to make their way home, ready to collapse from exhaustion. Everyone of them had at least some minor injury at this point, and no one had been sleeping well the past week. They all had nightmares, it was no secret, but they were never all plagued with them at the same time. Sleep deprivation was surely causing some of their mistakes on the field.
Steve stared at her, face full of fear. Natasha was afraid, too. Injuries that just appeared were not something she could do a damn thing about, and it was terrifying. Someone to beat up would help.
Tony let out an annoyed huff. He knew Strange was right, but he wasn’t going to say it. Strange already knew that Tony respected him anyway, this banter was their thing. Plus Wanda knew that Tony adored her. He just wished she would hide the worry on her face a little more as she stared at him.
Tony groaned. They couldn’t strip now! There were dinner reservations. He tried to think of something gross to get rid of his hardening boner. He cleared his throat,
The tinder on top of the base, surrounded by the other logs above and beside, was not lighting the way it should. Clint had already dragged back a mule deer and was nearly finished skinning the giant buck, and Tony’s perfect setup wouldn’t light. He had read plenty on camping, used to do it with JARVIS even, Tony knew how to start a fire, damnit. The problem was that everything was damp. He hadn’t noticed it on the hike here, but it must’ve rained recently. That damn hawkeyed archer had probably noticed it and that’s why he was so confident in the bet. Tony narrowed his eyes in concentration, Clint was forgetting that he was a genius. He’d solve this.
- Bruce typed. His name usefully appeared with a colon before the sentence on the screen. Why had Tony even created this in-person chatroom type thing in the first place?
He had meant it to sound joking, Tony’s tone had been only semi-serious, but Clint was losing control of his emotions. Clint tamped down the urge to punch Tony. This is what happened when people didn’t sleep, their fuses shrank.
Frank didn’t even try to find a new place to live, he just slept on the street, usually as close as he could to the ashy remnants of his life without being harassed. Survival instincts took over enough that Frank continued living, but he was hardly alive. Then they caught the arsonist.
When Tony didn’t respond, he raised his head so he could see the man’s expression. He was beginning to look very pale, and a bead of sweat ran down the un-masked side of his face. It seemed like a weird time for Steve to notice that they had never removed their masks like Tony said he normally did, but Steve’s mind was all over the place. He stepped towards the man,
When Steve was finally able to pry his eyes open, he was surprised to see Doctor Strange standing over him. He tried to sit up, but his muscles were too stiff. Strange looked apologetic.
That settled it. As soon as he could, Steve would propose. It was probably better this way anyway, since knowing Tony if he had been the one to propose it would’ve been a grand, embarrassing gesture. Steve would do something small and private. He preferred their private moments, though they were hard to come by. He looked at Tony, who at least looked peaceful in his sleep. There’d be a lot of pain soon while he healed. He reached down and held Tony’s hand. His strong lover could handle pain and come out even stronger. That was one of Tony’s talents, Steve had learned. Steve would stand at the sidelines and pick him up when he needed, all the while cheering him on. That’s all he could do.
Tony ground out in response. God, he wished there was a rescue coming. He could only take so much of this. Besides the burns lining his arms and chest, the shattered bones throughout his legs, this newest addition to the list of injuries had been his least favourite thus far. Being electrocuted hurt a lot. The tension it left behind in one’s body might actually be worse than the ripples of current during.
Natasha and Bruce walked over to talk to Dr. Strange, conveniently leaving the two to quarrel in peace. Thor had already moved to stand off at the sideline, looking like his mind was very far away. Phil moved forward, an awkwardly jerky motion as he tried not to lunge into a hug, but still wanting the physical contact desperately. He wasn't one for public affection, at least when SHIELD agents who were under him could see, as it undermined his
That was the wrong answer. All of Steve’s movements became sharp and harsh, slamming plates down and dumping food on them messily before throwing utensils in the sink. The clamour seemed to solidify that Tony had fucked up.
There was no choice but to retract the suit as quickly as possible before whatever power this man had began draining Tony’s reactor. The suit was completely drained by the time Tony was free of it.
he gasped. It took everything in him to keep his eyes locked on the blue ones in front of him and stop writhing away from his gentle touch.
I wrote this all in one go, and haven't really had time to read it over, but I'm still trying to catch back up so hope it's good. Let me know if there's any glaring mistakes. This is generic voodoo doll stuff, but all should be aware that this is not at all representative of any practice in either Haitian Voodoo or Louisianan Voodoo. Mr. Doll's character came about a very long time ago, and for some reason the original writers thought it made sense for Nathan to get a Voodoo doll while in Africa. Do not take anything from this story as useful information about actual religions.
Steve sat up with a sigh, taking in the new surroundings. Tony’s suit had stopped working as soon as it passed through the portal, so he was peeling off the useless metal in pieces. They were sitting in a thick forest. Steve could see nothing but trees in every direction, and didn’t even hear running water. He pulled out his cell phone and found that it, too, had become a useless brick. Apparently Loki’s portal ruined electronics. At least Tony’s arc reactor seemed unaffected.
his voice was sharp, more so than he intended. He gave Phil one last look with the faith that Phil understood, that he wasn’t angry. Phil nodded and Clint practically ran, his fingers itching for his arrows.
Steve watched his expressions carefully. If there was anything suspicious about the man, he was good at hiding it.
As they shook hands, Steve noticed that his hands were a little sweaty, unconsciously taking note of everything about the man with a quick once over. It was a skill that all of them did automatically anymore, a necessary defense when you make a lot of enemies. He noticed that he looked fidgety and a little nervous, but decided it might just be his disposition.
Tony’s heart had stopped. He was certain of it. What was Steve thinking!? He felt dizzy, and oh yeah, maybe he needed to breathe. He took in a shaky breath. He couldn’t even tell anymore if he was ecstatic or terrified. Of course he had wanted this, more than anyone could imagine, but Steve was not thinking this through. The right wing news was going to tear them to shreds tomorrow. A hush fell over the audience, and Tony could feel the people leaning forward on their seats in anticipation, but his own gaze was locked onto the kneeling blond.
His suddenly shaky legs gave out and he sat on the ground in the middle of the jet while JARVIS took care of piloting. Steve was starting to agree with Tony that maybe October was cursed.
Phil stood as well, putting his hands up in a placating gesture. His flat, calm demeanor was good for calming situations like this.
I think we all needed a break from the seriousness I fall into with these prompts. So here's a nice little fun one, where they just play a game. I thought about getting into the Marvel Zombies universes, but really, it's far too big a project for the one-shots these are supposed to be. And if the mechanics for the game are at all unclear, let me know. It's hard to tell if something is explained well when everyone you know has played it growing up.
When Steve made it to the gps coordinates JARVIS, he couldn’t make sense of what he was seeing. Tony had never made it to the meeting this morning, and Pepper had called Steve demanding to speak to the genius. When Steve assured her that no, Tony had never come home, and no he wasn’t just covering for the man, the fear had started to settle in. Together they traced Tony’s phone through the night, and for some reason it had stopped traveling in the middle of nowhere, and was still there.
Tony couldn’t help the way he pictured her suddenly, standing over her with his chest open. She quickly morphed into Yinsen and he wasn’t there anymore.
he agreed easily. They took their time walking back towards Steve’s old neighborhood. The sun was slowly setting, the sky a gorgeous array of orange and pinks. Tony inhaled the crisp autumn air and allowed his current happiness to chase away the lingering bitterness about his childhood for the time being. He had a great life. The love of his life had married him, they adopted a wonderful son, and his team had become his extended family where he never really had a real one. Life was good.
Despite preferring to be a loner, Natalia Romanova had to admit that sometimes it was nice to have friends to lean on.
Steve plucked Tony’s empty glass from his free hand so the man could take the new one Clint was trying to hand him. He got a kiss on the cheek for his efforts.
Clint said as Thor nodded solemnly. They boarded the evac helicopter as Natasha pushed Steve into the back of a nondescript black SHIELD car with Bruce on his other side.
Dr. Stein walked in a moment later, flipping on the lights to full capacity. Tony scowled in disgust.
Tony merely nodded his consent, looking at the magic experts in his life. Strange and Wanda both stepped over beside the bed, scanning Tony, sharing a look, then looking back at Tony. Dr. whatever-his-name had two strong hands gripped painfully around Tony’s arm, and he was biting his lip to keep quiet. Tony was pretty sure people are normally put under for this. The man made a quick movement to set the bone and Tony couldn’t hold in the yell when his arm didn’t move, so the doctor’s hands just wrenched away and scratched his bruising arm enough to draw blood.
Strange had returned with a team of SHIELD agents, including Coulson. Coulson gave Clint a questioning look, and only when Clint gave him a small nod that he was unhurt did he move with the rest of the team. They quickly apprehended the Mandarin's unconscious body and had a team assessing the captain while Clint, Bruce, Thor, and Natasha stood and watched, waiting to give their reports.
Clint and Natasha watched from a dark alley, waiting for the few late evening customers to leave before they made their move. Natasha was in a nice black gown, one side cut so that her leg showed through when she walked. Her gun strapped to her other thigh and a blade hidden in her hair, though she hoped it wouldn’t come to that. Clint wore a nice suit with the compact, foldable bow and arrows that Tony had invented tucked in the back of his slacks.
Sure the anger and confusion would return, Steve closed his eyes. Right now, he only felt exhausted.
Tony heard the sound of MODOK’s hovering chair too late and turned in time for one of his telekinetic force blasts to hit Tony in the left shoulder, sending him crashing into a nearby office building. He brushed off the debris and took to the air again. Ow, his shoulder ached. Sometimes it was easy to forget what getting hit felt like because a lot of things didn’t hit hard enough to hurt through the armor. He came around the building and shot a repulsor blast at MODOK, who was heading towards Hawkeye’s vantage point. He dodged easily, but Hawkeye took the hint.
He could hear Tony’s huff of laughter. Loki’s plan had certainly backfired. Tony was more relaxed and happy than Steve had seen him in weeks. Maybe he should coordinate for Loki to always do this in October, but act like it was villainy. Not that Tony would fall for it.
The rest of the Avengers had found the whole debacle immensely amusing. Clint especially loved to poke fun at the stories where Tony was an evil seducer that turned Captain America gay.
he said weakly. It felt like a Hulk was sitting on his chest. His vision was going black around the edges. He saw Natasha and Steve running towards him as his eyes closed and he fell to the ground.
He was very glad Tony understood, and he reached into the bedside drawer, pulling out a condom and the lube. Tony quickly slipped on the condom and held up the lube with a smile too similar to the Cheshire cat from Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland.
This was really all about Howard bankrupting Stone? That was over twenty years ago. Tony and Ty had only been children, barely broaching adulthood, how could Ty blame him? He’d had people hate him because of Howard before, it was nothing new, but never someone who really knew him. How long would he be haunted by the actions of Howard? The man made his life miserable enough as a child; it’d be nice if he could give it a rest from beyond the grave. His only hope was that someone would find the sudden vacation suspicious. Maybe Steve. Steve seemed to like him recently, like maybe he thought Tony wasn’t like the tabloids said. Steve looked at him with fond smiles and listened to his ranting with patience. Steve defended him when reporters shouted nasty questions no matter how many times Tony told him to let it be. He smiled at the memories.
Tony had a good feeling about his progress on the chamber a few hours later when he heard the door slide shut. He didn’t turn to look at the intruder as the footsteps approached his back. Tony knew Steve’s gait by now.
Steve looked the man in the eyes the whole time he responded, which obviously made the man a little uncomfortable. Reporters were not used to such directness with their shouted questions, as Tony had warned him.
They followed her quietly into the SHIELD medical wing, where she led them to the third door on the left. She opened the door and gestured for them to go in, but stayed in the doorway herself,
and collapsed, unconscious. Steve stood rooted to the spot in the hall while the staff rushed in around him. Monitors began screeching again and there was chaos, but Steve could only stare. He must’ve locked his knees or something, because he passed out not long after the others.
His voice sounded small. He was glad the fire had died down enough that Steve probably couldn’t see him blushing.
Phil wrapped his arm around Clint as they walked out together. Steve knew they both understood seeing their lover nearly die all too well. Clint had had to actually deal with Phil’s death. That had been horrific.
He hissed. Sitting back from his crouch and recasing the reactor, Tony met Clint’s stare with a satisfied grin.
The Mandarin jumped up and whipped around, punching his fist through the air towards Tony. The blast of light sprang forth from his ring, hitting Tony square in the lower abdomen. It felt solid like a wrecking ball, his insides crushing between the wall behind him and the impact. The blood gushed from his mouth as he fell to his knees heaving. He caught his breath on his hands and knees before he pushed himself back to sit against the wall. He knew if he tried to stand right now he’d fall; he was too weak. When he wiped the blood from his mouth, his hand was shaking.
). The man wasn’t even a sorcerer for Gaea’s sake! How the hell he had escaped Mephisto from that Hell was beyond her entirely. Mephisto was nearly powerless within his own realm. Now he had been instrumental in disrupting her plans with Nightmare to take down Stephen Strange. (
Natasha shouted as she managed to tackle Thor away from Tony’s prone form. Tony coughed and sputtered, thankfully not dead.
if you are curious enough to want a continuation of this one, I'm considering taking this and chapter 4 and making a whole separate fic, so let me know. There isn't a nice wrap up ending to the dilemma in this, because there's just no time for it.
JARVIS manufactured the rest of the comms in no time, and Tony brought them to the table at dinner. After being showered in praise, he took them back and put them in a labeled suitcase, explaining that they’d be kept in his lab for missions when they’d be appropriate. Clint met Steve’s eyes. ‘Thank you for this,’ he mouthed across the room. Steve felt himself blush, but he was glad Clint liked their weekend. Silence wasn’t so bad, though he could admit he was impatient for Monday.
The archer watched helplessly while Tony fell to the ground below, the thump of his body landing in dead leaves and rolling a little making him wince. How had he thought sneaking up on a trained SHIELD agent was a good plan? Clint had efficiently flipped the assailant over, knocking each hand roughly to disarm him in case, and let go to watch them fall. There was no way he could’ve known it was Tony until it was too late. Everything had happened so fast, plus with the night vision goggles on, Tony looked kind of like a blurry bright blob, details like his goatee disappearing in the resolution of the lenses. Clint took the goggles off and strapped them to his belt, quickly climbing down after Tony. His natural night vision was better anyway.
The star shaped gem on his right index finger started glowing with a deep magenta while he was still speaking. Tony eyed his hand warily, as it was balled into a white knuckled fist, and he hadn’t noticed that until now. It looked like this guy was barely holding in his rage.
The searing pain in his right side came with no warning. Clint had lost track of his 6 o’clock, it was a rookie mistake. He was just so tired. He couldn’t really hear anything over a shocked ringing in his ears, and he had already crumpled to the ground. He tried to stop the bleeding from the new gaping wound in his side, but there was too much.
The corners of Phil’s lips twitched and Clint quickly enveloped his mouth, rough and needy. Phil groaned and turned on the water with a hand behind them, leaning into the contact. They stood there and kissed for a moment before Phil broke it off.
Steve had to admit that the man had a point. What more could they do? Worrying wasn’t gonna stop anything from happening. He let out a sigh.
Tony’s energy had been flagging over the last hour. He had gone from looking excited and flamboyant to looking tired and withdrawn. Steve caught him wiping a sweaty brow a few times, but until now, had only assumed it was due to the running around in a tux in a fairly hot room. No one else seemed to be sweating though.
Tony had landed, broken the serial killer’s arms, and left Steve in charge of watching him. It had taken JARVIS and him a several hours to locate them, and it was hard to tell how long Jessica Jones had been underground. He wasted no time using a repulsor to blast away the dirt all at once. He melted the locks and ripped the metal coffin open only to see the woman close her eyes with a shudder. Her lips were blue and her hands were bloody from beating on the inside of the box. He couldn’t help the swell of panic that washed over him at just the thought of being buried alive. Tony thought the cave had given him claustrophobia, but this…
Tony flew in circles, firing a couple blasts, knowing they would miss while he tried to come up with a plan. His breathing was getting kind of labored and he wondered if that telekinetic blast had broken a rib or something, because he really hadn’t done much. Maybe he should stop going in circles too, because he was getting a little dizzy.
Clint and Tony were firing shots left and right, but there were a lot more men flocking to the north end of the building as soon as they realized what was going on. Clint took down a dozen or so with one of Tony’s new experimental arrows. It has a small blast radius that sends out an electric shock through the ground, similar to a taser and stuns people. Neither of them noticed when one of the guys that came around the corner had a strange gun, there was just too much going on.
weapons. The weapons he had created with no second thought; had made his riches off of. The weapons he had started creating and designing when he was only 15. He had never lost a wink of sleep over his death machines until Afghanistan. How many people had died because of his designs? No matter how many people he saved, he could never make up for that.
Nathan Dolly was a very rich man, once. He would claim he was self-made, that hard work had got him there, and it wouldn’t be entirely untrue. As the villain known as Mr. Doll, he made a lot of money through extortion of successful business men. Some would say the hard work was done by the men he stole from, but they didn’t know how hard Mr. Doll had worked to gain his skills.
