"Dean.” Cas said, unable to form any other words. That was alright, the two of them had said everything they needed to. Dean leaned down to give Cas a kiss. Castiel immediately melted into the kiss, giving everything he had back to Dean. He made an unspoken promise not to die like that again.
“So, being raised in a cult sounds pretty crazy. What was that like?”
“No, we aren’t dead but Cas came pretty damn close. I was taking care of him. He was pretty shaken up.” Dean squeezed Cas’ hand tighter. There was a silence on the other end of the line. What could Sam say to that? Could he chastise his brother for taking care of his best friend after a near death experience. Dean heard a rustling noise followed by a new voice.
"But I can't do this without Eileen going through it as well. I can't be practically immortal and watch her deal with this on her own." Sam argued.
Hey everyone so the first part of this chapter is fun and fluffy but this is where things take a turn in the story.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do, Cas. And I am very sorry. I never want you to doubt that I am hopelessly and irretrievably in love with you.”
"Hi Rowena." Sam responded awkwardly.
Sam shook his head. "He just said you died saving him and drank himself into oblivion."
"I definitely have at least one fond memory here." Gabriel said, pointing to the replica of the bookshelf where he and Rowena were almost caught making out. Sam scoffed in response.
"No! Dean! I have to stop him before Dean gets hurt." Sam yelled, trying to break out of Gabriel's grasp. Gabe managed to pull Sam out. He shut the door behind them just in time for Sam to hear the loud slap.
“I’m talking about this.” Dean leaned in and took Cas’ mouth in his own. Dean kissed Cas hard. Cas was taken aback but melted into the kiss soon after. Dean was getting lost. He was vaguely aware of his cheeks being wet. He knew someone was crying but wasn’t sure who’s tears he was feeling. Just as Cas pressed back harder and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, Dean heard the Empty open. He sobered up. He chucked the vile at Billie, without letting his lips go off Cas. Cas was starting to pull back but Dean kissed back harder. He wanted to spare Cas from seeing the destruction happening before them. Billie instinctively caught Cas’s grace as the Empty’s black goo, chasing the vile, swallowed her.
“What?” Cas gasped.
"What?" Gabe asked.
A hurt look passed Sam's eyes before he just made his bitch face.
"I know, is that what Sam had to witness for 12 years before we got together?"
"He will. Give it time. Emotional scars run deep."
“All done!” Brandon said. Dean finally looked up at Cas to see his bed hair now tamed and neatly combed. He seemed much more innocent now but Dean just wanted to ruffle Cas’ hair back up again. Brandon came back and slipped his number into Cas’ hand. Cas smiled and thanked him before following Dean back to the waiting area.
"Jealous?" Dean teased.
The first thing Dean wanted to do was find Jack and beg him to bring Cas back. He had prayed more than a nun to Jack when he was on Earth. Now that he was here, Dean planned on bugging Jack until Jack gave in. If Castiel could annoy a cosmic being to let him out of the Empty the first time, well Dean had the power to be a lot more irritating than Cas. He had all the time in the world. This was partly the reason he asked Sam to let him go.
"Yes, it's no big." Gabriel shrugged.
Just then, Sam entered the room. "Hey Dean, how are you feeling?"
"Theoretically, yes. If Castiel dies, he would go to the Empty again. However, there is no imminent threat to him so I don't see that happening anytime soon. I can always try to get him out again, though." Jack answered.
Dean harshly cranked the gearshift into park.
Sam nodded.
“Cas,” Dean smiled and pulled his angel in for a hug and kiss.
Hades turned to face the cavern that the demon had run down and clenched his fist as his eyes glowed orange. Suddenly, a bone chilling scream echoed through the realm and the demon was pulled to Hades, struggling to get away as he tightened his fist, and the demon thrashed and shook.
“Dean?!” Sam exclaimed worriedly and the younger Winchester’s eyes widened at the sight of a suddenly very pale Dean shaking ever so slightly and swallowing hard as he tried to walk forward.
“Wait what out?” Clark asked.
If there was one thing watching over Dean Winchester had taught him, it was to never give up.
"Jay." He leaned in close, providing Dean with his name, and gave a sinful smile. The jukebox changed again.
Dean’s hands never shook.
The last two figures to emerge from the long hallway Dean had just walked down stood for a moment, admiring the group before them. The one reached what would have been his arm up to pat the other on what would have been a shoulder and walked forward.
"What can I say," Dean chuckled. "I love me some burgers, ones with bacon and all the fixings."
Bane replied.
“Here,” Titan commented. “I’ll help you pick up your candy.”
The look on Castiel's face when he'd flown away still haunted Dean.
“Dean,” Castiel said. “It’s fine if you do not reciprocate anything, I may have been feeling due to this. This was simply a heat cycle and now I have satiated it. Nothing more is expected of you.”
"Hey," he smiled. "Do you wanna sit outside for awhile? Look at the stars? It'll help your chest."
“Never challenging my ideas,” Chuck continued, tossing the blade He held from hand to hand. “Or the way the story was supposed to go. That is, until I got a little niggling in my head to create two more characters. The perfect ones, really, or so I thought. Sam and Dean Winchester. Those two idiots were meant to be my greatest storyline ever. Then the idea of you, coming to their aid, teaming up with them. It was brilliant! Yet you were broken, are broken, and now I realize the grave mistake I have made in allowing this little story to play out for longer than it should have.”
Another note: Cathalsis is an OC of mine that's been in a few other fics of mine. He's Heaven's healer and does a fantastic job. Hope everybody liked him. I also have a headcanon that Castiel and Hannah were born on the same day. Ignoring all the creepy romantic stuff that happened between them, I'd like to think they were more siblings than lovers obviously. That's where the "sister" reference Cathalsis made comes in.
Castiel came up on Aiden, staring at him from mere inches away from his face. The angel lifted his blade. Aiden stared right back, unblinking, and unabashedly unafraid.
Dean’s mouth half hung open until the noise started up once more. The ringing was still subtle, just as the creature had promised, but the humanoid things made of light were still speaking in their strange tongue. Dean had had heard it before. In spells. In ramblings amongst beings not of his world.
“Things have definitely changed,” Dean smiled. “For the better it seems.”
Once the brothers had reached the motel of the night, slammed the door shut, and tried to determine how they were going to tell the victim's family about the incident, they settled in for the evening.
Austin handed off the capsule full of souls they had either cultivated by themselves or had monsters acquire for them. Austin had to admit, as fun as it had been to take Ron’s little friends on a wild goose chase, the next part was going to be even more satisfying than the first.
Ron swallowed a hard lump forming in his throat. Kevin wasn’t wrong. Ever since Halloween night, and even before then, Ron had been struggling to fight in the monster inside himself. He’d given Kevin hints, dropped them here and there, about himself and what he was capable of.
Jamie. Lee. Jay. John. Sam.
Dean jumped, grabbing at his heart upon seeing the strange monster from before. The freak of nature looked over at him and Dean immediately tried to grab for it, struggling to keep his footing upon going right through the thing as though it were a spirit.
"You didn't even give it a chance," Sam complained. "It's the first song we've heard in miles!"
“We have about five months,” Meg explained. “Crowley said he’d help deliver them.”
See everyone in the next chapter! Hope you all enjoyed!
"I'll leave the two of you alone," Sam remarked. "I think you've both got a lot to discuss."
Read and Review!
“My name is not Agent Fuller.” Castiel gripped his blade tightly, taking another few steps forward.
Castiel stood up to leave, but Dean's mildly pitiful sounding voice stopped him.
Yet, as Castiel’s thumb finds its way across the man’s cheek to wipe the tears that escape their waiting room, Dean feels a new sense of calm wash over him. He looks up at the angel, who has a small, crooked smile upon his face, and a slight twinkle in his eye. The former hunter knows, by a single touch, that all is forgiven even though it shouldn’t be. Because that’s just the type of person Castiel became when he fell. The type that forgives, despite the hurt, and perseveres despite the consequences.
Titan replied and if he’d been human, he’d have smirked.
"I'm always there for Sam." Dean glared at Gabriel, though he couldn't see him.
.” The woman’s smirk turned almost feral, and her eyes went completely black.
Sam looked over quickly when he felt something cold being pressed into the palm of his hand.
"If you give someone a chance Dean," Holly replied. "They may just surprise you."
"S'at the same Billy that called you an ugly face in second grade?" Future Dean smirked.
Eventually, they made it into Garth's town and Dean could feel his limbs aching and growing hot once more. Afternoon was upon them, and illnesses, even those of supernatural origin, only got worse at night.
“Castiel!” Jack waved excitedly from across the way. Clark lifted his hand in acknowledgment, the other gripping the side of a rather strange, but cool and vintage looking, camera that hung around his neck. Castiel waved back at the two boys and grinned wider upon hearing Jack call out and point at the sky as a quick bright object whizzed through the blackness and then disappeared moments later.
"I've been meaning to get that fixed," Future Dean said, getting out of the car, his daughter did too. "Damn trunk's loose."
She took in the sight of Titan in his human form, his slightly tanned torso and arms sticking out from under the blanket. He’d gotten his hair cut from a human barber not long ago, resulting in a dirty blonde medium crew cut of sorts. He’d also chosen to adorn his human arms with tattoos over the years spent on Earth, watching over the Winchesters. A spiderweb wound around his elbow. A woman, he claimed was supposed to be Meg and it sure did look like her, on his right forearm. His blue eyes still shone bright as the sky during daytime.
"Thanks Cas." Dean said instead and took a sip of his coffee.
"You should talk to her," Castiel said. "After she calms down a little, she deserves an explanation."
“The Council and Warriors are still tracking Adam and Eve in my absence while the children are ill,” Castiel explained. “They said they have stopped a few monster disturbances before they have gotten out of control, but more are to come, and they still have no answers as to what Adam and Eve are up to in the long run.”
Kashmir by Led Zeppelin
The sigil covered barn he currently stood in, however, did no so such thing.
“Yeah, it’s me.” Ron whispered.
“We’ll change the password,” Crowley looked over at the archangel with a playful smirk. “Another benefit of the Demon Tablet.”
The beginning of the first chords was interrupted by Sam’s voice.
The ruins that Castiel sat by mocked him.
Dean paused, eyes closed, swallowing hard, and slowly, his lips made their way down Castiel’s neck. His hands gently pushed and led the angel to the bed behind them, and, luckily, Castiel didn’t need much guidance on the next step.
A new memory, this time not his own, and Dean grew angrier by the minute.
Dean almost choked on his own words. Not that Sam needed to know, and Dean swore up and down he would never tell him, but the thought of that happening made Dean fill with the slightest bit of nauseous rage.
But that night, that was the first time Dean had ever felt true religion.
"I have been alive for billions upon billions of years Dean Winchester," Castiel said. "I have seen a great deal of things in my time in Heaven and on Earth. I have witnessed creation and destruction, disaster and miracle, love and hate."
The Prophet couldn’t know the full extent of it all. It would surely destroy any chance Ron still had left with him.
Dean swallowed hard again, shifting in his seat, and clenching one of his fists under the table.
"Billy was mean to me again…" the girl said quietly, still not making eye contact with Future Dean. "He called me an ugly face."
“What are you doing?” Sam asked, annoyed.
“Son of a bitch…” Dean hissed and grabbed at the area.
“Can’t imagine how it feels to be betrayed by your father?” Castiel finished for him, giving him a knowing look.
He saved Castiel for last.
“Well,” Dean remarked, swallowing his cotton mouth. “That was…something.”
All of the angel’s newfound human-like emotions went into overdrive the moment he saw the fear in Adam’s eyes, and understood why.
Carry on!
"Why are you saying my full name?" Sam asked with a hint of laughter in his voice.
“Yeah she doesn’t get that from this one.” Sam motioned to Gabriel and Gabriel gave Sam his own bitch face. Sam stared to laugh. Jody turned to Daniel.
"Impatient as always." Holly remarked and grabbed Dean. The time changed to night and he was suddenly standing in a church. It was barely standing. The paint was peeling as badly as the house Future Dean had bought had been. The windows were boarded up, the cross on top was barely hanging on, and it looked creepy central. The door was cracked open and a light poured out. Someone was inside. Dean's feet betrayed him once again and he found he slipped through the front door with ease. The inside of the church was dark and drafty. He could feel the chilly air from outside seeping in through the cracks and crevices that had been left behind by memories of the past. Dean looked around him at the rotting red pews and the Bibles, worn and yellow from exposure to air for years without a single hand touching them. Dean could only imagine whose fingers had flipped the pages, whose unruly children had run up and down the aisles. It was kind of sad in a way, how the future moved on sometimes without any regard to the past.
Titan wanted to believe him, but ever fiber of his being screamed otherwise, even as he left for Earth, closing his eyes, and picturing his destination.
"Guess again," Gabriel answered him. "It's just me."
Dean felt his body relax once more, and the hunter settled into the pillow, facing away from Castiel. Dean closed his eyes and tried not to think about the angel, who was most likely staring at the back of his head, watching over him yet another time.
Chuck came closer. Castiel tried, once again, to free himself from the wall.
He would have stayed longer, but the local cops would probably arrest him for trespassing. He heard the laughter again. The ghostly karaoke machine, long since dead, blaring a song it shouldn't have been playing, but it wasn't really.
Crowley could see better than the average person in the dark.
Sam went into the details about a haunted house about three hours from there. The ghost girl apparently was still there. She had yet to move on. Sam's excited look had Dean pumped for another hunt.
“No more than usual,” Sam fit a joke into his statement. It wasn’t like hunters ever felt entirely normal, well, or rested. “Why? Have you?”
“You can touch.” He said in an even deeper voice than before, which sounded well and truly fucked out. Cas’ dick gave a twitch at the sound of Dean’s voice and a drop of pre-come formed at the head. Dean grabbed the bane of Cas’ cock and licked the vein at the underside of it – the warmth of his tongue surrounding the cool metal of his piercing – and dipped the stud of it into the slit.
“Dean-” he breathed out.
Dean recollected the events of the evening, up until the point where he went to talk to Cas. He knew Gabe wanted to know what he had said, and that he wouldn’t let him off by just telling him a vague version of the chat. But at the same time, he didn’t want to admit to Gabe how stupid he had been. He knew he was to blame, but he couldn’t let Gabe remind him again how much of a failure he had been. He didn’t want anyone else to remind him that he wasn’t a really good friend and that all he did was destroy the people he loved.
After spending some time with the family while they mourned, Dean went into his office to cry in private. Even though they were all part of the same family out there, Dean couldn’t bring himself to cry in front of anyone. So dean cried in private. Dean cried because a child died that day. He cried because Asa would never be able to go into space or fight space vampires like he wanted to. He cried because a boy would never get to go for his prom with his girlfriend (or boyfriend, whichever). He cried because a man would never be able to see his bride (again, or groom) stand in front of him and cry. He cried because a life was lost right in front of him as he cradled the limp body in his arms. He cried because Asa’s family would never get to see him grow up and he cried because a child would not get to live another day. He cried because he will never again see the child who laughed at even the most pathetic jokes he made. He cried because Asa was the happiest kid whose smile lit up the room, despite his discomfort. But mostly, he cried because despite the best efforts made by him and his team, he was helpless as he stood there and watched the light go out of Asa’s eyes. Despite all Dean had done, he could only watch and hold Asa’s body close to his as Asa slipped away into nothingness, and Dean could do nothing about it no matter how much he wanted to save the little boy.
Happy reading :)
Sam spluttered on air at the unexpected turn of conversation and shook his head, “No. No one you guys need to torture, yet.”
Suddenly Dean felt cold all over, his afterglow dissipating right away. Cas was standing right there, looking straight at Dean with a look in his eyes that Dean could not recognize. His voice was strained in a way that sent chills down Dean’s spine, and not in a good way.
Without Cas, there was no one to burn down the house, trying to make coffee for Dean. Without Cas, there was no one to call Dean out on his messiness. Without Cas, there is no one to make sure he wakes on time for his classes. Without Cas, there is no one to look after him. But most importantly, without Cas, there is no one to stop him from drinking.
Cas almost choked on his tongue (he’d much rather choke on something else, his brain provided helpfully but that wasn’t the point) and managed to give the guy a look which he hoped looked like confusion and intrigue.
"Umm, no?" Dean's reply is sheepish as Jo suddenly hugs him tightly again. "Oh I'm so happy for you, Dean, Cas. I'm still pissed at you for not telling me, but I'm so happy! And I definitely like you a little better now that you've come out."
Dean in turn took a deep breath and braced himself for Charlie’s reaction to the incident. He was sure that she would first screech his hearing away and then tell him what she felt about the situation.
“Where are we going, Cas?”
Dean had even gone to Cas’ classes when Cas wasn’t there to invite some of his friends from there. Turned out Cas didn’t have many friends. Of course he didn’t. The guy was about as social as a moody toddler. He did find a black haired girl from one of Cas’ classes who said that she was a sort of friend, which was as close to a friend as Cas got. She even pointed out a couple of other guys who Cas talked to. One of them was an Asian kid named Kevin with lanky limbs and long shaggy hair that reminded him of Sam. He was also a nerd, like Sam and Dean took an instant liking to him.
Dean braces himself and enters the toy store before sighing to himself and feeling like the worst parent ever. He loves Ben more than anything, he would take a bullet for the kid. Shopping for him shouldn’t feel like such a chore. Except, all the parents at the daycare were making Dean feel pressured to ‘find another parent for his child because no child should have only one parent’. Not that Dean believes that bullshit, but it grated on his nerves nonetheless. It didn’t help matters that Ben had been asking after Michael, no doubt missing his father, and Dean had to be the one breaking it to him that his father was no longer going to see him. That had led to the little boy crying his eyes out for over an hour, which in turn made Dean cry too; he hated seeing his son’s heart break like that, and he added that to the list of reasons why he hated his ex even more.
Cas took off his panties and turned Dean’s head to make him look at him. Once he caught Dean’s eye, he got the panties to his mouth and proceeded to lick the come out of them. The sight was so hot that Dean’s dick gave a small twitch in an attempt to get hard again. Cas then leaned forward to kiss Dean and Dean could taste his own release in Cas’ mouth, which he chased with his tongue. God, could this man get any hotter? He wondered.
"Cas-" Dean begins to speak but is interrupted by the chirping of his phone, indicating a new message. Cursing internally, Dean pulls out his phone and opens a message from Sammy, asking him what was taking him so long and that Ben was getting antsy.
“Dean! Dean, come here real quick I need your help! Dean Winchester!” Cas called out to Dean without giving him a chance to reply first.
That morning as Dean lay in bed, cuddled up to Cas, he felt a sense of happiness he hadn’t felt before and his last thought before falling asleep was that he could get used to it.
Just around the time he reached his Car, Cas called out to him and jogged to keep up. “You are not driving on so little sleep, Dean. I’m going to drop you off to your place and then pick you up around 7. Then I will drive you here to pick your car and we’ll go somewhere to drink. Now come on, get in my car and tell me where you live.”
“If you don’t stop soon, I’ll come, and I want to do that in your ass this time.”
I guess it does help that I had this chapter written since Sunday.
Cas scrunched his nose and said, “Hah, you wish, Winchester. My head may have been in your lap but there’s mot way I gave you a blowjob if that’s what you’re suggesting. Get your mind out of the gutter.”
“God dammit, Joanna Beth.”
Dean felt cold all over. He couldn’t believe this was happening. Tears formed in Dean’s eyes as his mind comprehended exactly what was happening. He didn’t need to look at Cas to know that he hated him, and Dean didn’t blame him even a bit for that. God, he had messed up the most important friendship that he had, just because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut, he deserved that pain that would come with their separation.
“I guess that I’ll just have to take care of this myself. Then. Good night, Dean. Sleep well.” With that, Cas winked at Dean and turned around as he left to go to Dean’s room, his hand already finding its way into his pants.
That morning was pretty much the busiest, fastest, morning he had had in a while. Just a couple of hours after Dean went to sleep, his phone rang, waking him up from a pleasant dream. Before he could answer the phone, though, Sammy barged into his room looking pissed and answered the call. Apparently the phone had been ringing for quite some time and had woken Sam up, and GOD that moose of a man was a bitch when he woke up.
Also, please feel free to point out any and all mistakes, and constructive criticism is appreciated. Feel free to rant about the actions of any and all characters. It's fun to see what you guys think of my story.
Please do leave a comment telling how you liked it and a kudos maybe, it really makes my day to see people acknowledging my work.
Cas slid his head down until Dean could feel the head of his dick touching the back of Cas’ throat. And then Cas swallowed. HOLY MOTHER OF FUCK! Dean quickly pulled over and gripped Cas’ hair tightly.
Feeling bolder by Dean’s reaction, Cas squeezed Dean’s cock again, this time, moving his hand along the shaft, jerking Dean off through his clothes.
A sudden thought occurred to Dean and he let out a breathless laugh.
“Shh. You’re so good for me, Dean.” He said as Dean whimpered. “Do you want to come, Dean? Can you come only on my fingers?” he asked. Dean nodded, a bit more present in the moment as the looming orgasm receded. “Good boy.” Cas said and immediately pushed in two fingers, going straight for Dean’s prostate again. Within moments, Dean was coming, shooting his load all in his panties, with a moan so loud that he was glad he lived alone.
was a cheating bastard, and despite not being his biological parent, Dean got custody of his No-Longer-Step son, Ben. Now, it was Dean’s first Christmas as a single father, and he would do anything in his power to make it the best Christmas the four-year-old would ever have. The only problem was that Dean had forgotten all about the holidays until just a week before they were supposed to celebrate and he was being forced to go to the mall to find something good- no,
indeed making him breakfast but holy fuck was he wearing the most enticing outfit ever. Cas was wearing a tight red and black corset, the tightest,
“Yeah whatever. Anyway I think I should go.” He replied, wanting to get away and be home by the time Cas came back from whatever class he has that day. He was really looking forward to spending time with his best friend, and this time there was another reason for it too.
Balthazar apparently came from old money and lived in a mansion like house just outside the campus. When Dean went to ask him about hosting a party at his place, of course he agreed. Why couldn’t Cas have dated a douche? It would be so much easier to hate him if he was a douche.
“Yes, Jess. What’s wrong?”
Sighing, Dean managed to get himself free from Cas’ death grip and went to the bathroom to feel a little human again. His headache just seemed to get worse as he got up and his mouth felt drier than the Sahara desert. Ugh, he was never drinking again. Ever.
Cas took his time preparing Dean, not wanting to hurt him on his first time. After what seemed like an eternity, he finally took out his fingers (he was up to four by now). Dean whined at the loss of sensation, but soon it was replaced by the head of Cas’ dick. Cas came up and kissed Dean in such a filthy manner that if he could have come from just the kiss if possible. Cas looked into Dean’s eyes as if searching for any sign of discomfort. Dean gazed back with as much honesty in his expression as he could manage. “Do it.” He whispered and that was all the permission that Cas needed.
“I need you, Dean. Please, more!”
Sam looked confused. “Yeah, and? He probably just needed some space from you before he ended up a widower.”
I, for some reason, am stupidly proud of this chapter. Hope you guys enjoy it too.
The first thing that Dean was aware was of was that there was something on him. Dean immediately stiffened his posture until he remembered he had been sharing the bed with his best friend. His best friend who apparently was a cuddly sleeper and had migrated not only to Dean’s side of the bed, but also managed to trap Dean under his body. Trapped under Cas’ body, it was difficult to move him away. Dean struggled for a few minutes until he felt Cas’ morning wood poke him in the side. Panicking, Dean pushed away Cas without caring much about if he woke Cas up because it was fucking weird having his best friend’s hard on sticking up his side. On a totally unrelated note, Cas did have a huge dick though.
“OH GODDAMMIT DEAN WINCHESTER SHUT UP AND KISS HIM ALREADY! THIS WAS THE MOST HEART WRENCHING LOVE CONFESSION EVER!”
So here Dean was, two weeks before Cas’ 21st birthday, planning a surprise party for his best friend.
Dean talked for a good fifteen minutes, the longest he ever talked about his feelings, only to realize Charlie was trying not to laugh at him. “It’s not funny, Charlie!” He scolded her, which just caused her to break out into peals of laughter.
Cas just walked away from there, hearing Dean call after him but ignoring his pleas to stop and come back. He couldn’t talk to Dean right now. He didn’t see where he was going, he just needed to get away, and he didn’t care where he went.
“Looking good, Cas.” He said.
“You know, I gotta tell you, you are completely out of my brother’s league.”
Anyway, here's another chapter, enjoy and let me know if there are any mistakes.
He cleaned up his house and began to get back some of his previous energy. He was nervous about meeting Cas, not knowing how he’d react to seeing him after such a long time, but at the same time he couldn’t wait to meet him.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas greeted him with a smile, even though Dean couldn’t see it.
“Uhh, yeah. Um, Jess wanted to apologise for last night so she invited me for coffee tomorrow. Hey! Don’t change the subject. Go home. No more work for you today.”
Anyway, as always this is unbeta’ed and all mistakes are mine. English isn’t my first language so feel free to point out any and all mistakes. Constructive criticism is welcome.
“Fuck- Cas!” he groaned, breathless. “Do that again.”
They sat there for a few minutes, catching their breaths- foreheads resting against each other with Dean still rocking slightly in Cas’ lap, and Cas’ hands exploring Dean’s body.
“Ah yes. Did you like the lady doctor?”
This action of affection brought forth another burst of tears. Along with tears came an overwhelming feeling of suffocating guilt. Guilt for not being able to save Asa. Guilt for not being able to save so many other kids who lost a chance at a happy, carefree childhood, who will never be able to do things like other kids. Guilt for not being able to save all the kids in the future, because Dean knew that Cancer was a bitch and there would be more deaths that he’ll have to witness.
Happy reading :)
Before Dean could reply, the doctor came in and told them that Cas was out of surgery and was mostly out of danger, but they didn’t know when he would wake up.
Charlie hung up before Dean could crack a joke about how last time a girl said 'We need to talk' to him, it ended up with a pregnancy scare or something equally lame.
Just as Dean turns around to collect himself, he sees a smirk grace Castiel’s full lips, but Dean doesn’t wait to confirm his suspicions. With his back turned towards the class, Dean takes a moment to calm himself down, as he pulls off his tie and the suit jacket that he needs to wear  because of the fucking Dress Code™. Cursing his waistcoat (ugh, who wears a fucking waistcoat daily?!) Dean folds the sleeves of his dress shirt up to his elbows, and takes a deep breath before turning towards the class and starting the class.
On the days that Cas was feeling really upset, Dean would go out of his way to make his friend smile. Not only because he loved the way Cas’ face lit up when he laughed at a particularly raunchy joke that he made, nor because he loved to see the crinkles around Cas’ eyes when he smiles, but because Cas was a good person and he deserved to be happy. Sure, he was in a shitty situation, but he deserved better than what life was giving him.
Dean cut her off mid-rant because once Charlie got going, she was hard to stop.
“Please, Cas.” He begged. “Touch me please, I have to come.
Blondie didn’t look even a bit fazed as he replied, “Yeah don’t worry Romeo, your precious won’t be harmed, not by me at least. I might have the sort of vibe going on where I seem to not care about others, but I do care about Castiel and I won’t hurt him, calm your balls.”
From: Balthazar
"Shh, Dean, someone will hear us. We can't have them walking in on you getting fucked by a student, can we?"
Dean hugs her back, and pretends to be grossed out at the kiss she drops on his cheek, where she slapped him.
When they entered The Roadhouse, Dean led Cas to the bar where Jo was tending the bar that day. Jo came over with a smirk on her face as she saw Cas sitting with Dean. Oh no. Dean knew that face meant no good. He should have told Cas to go some place else instead. Jo came over and smacked Dean on his arm with a towel.
While Dean was lost in his thoughts, Cas woke up and turned to face Dean.
“Yeah, yeah okay. He’s the parent of one of the possible new kids.”
‘Snap out of it, Dean.’ He thought to himself.
“You finally, after so many years, realize that you’re in love with your best friend. Let me emphasise on the finally part of it, by the way. And you don’t think that I should know? You’re supposed to tell me stuff like that yourself. Instead I heard it from Charlie because she thought I knew.”
_____________
Cas was getting harder by the second at the man’s words and he was sure that he could feel the other man’s erection against him. He quickly slapped some money on the counter and pulled the man out with him. As soon as they were out of the bar, Cas pressed the man up to the wall beside the door and kissed him greedily. After almost no hesitation the man began kissing him back, and Goddamn he was good at it. Before Cas knew, they were panting against each other and rolling their hips together. When the man broke the kiss to breathe, he began to mouth at Cas’ neck and suck marks into the skin. Cas moaned and took a breath before speaking,
When Jo untangles herself from him, the others take the chance to congratulate him on coming out, and Dean can see the moment when something occurs to Jo.
Before long, Dean was standing naked in front of Cas, who was still sitting on the bed. Sweat beaded on his forehead and he was looking at Dean hungrily, but he still hadn’t broken like Dean wanted him to. Upping his game, Dean leered at Cas and focused his eyes at Cas’ hard cock, slowly jerking himself off at the sight, and moaning softly. That is what broke Cas. He leapt up from the bed and pushed Dean against the wall, kissing him with force. The two men battled for dominance, neither willing to back down. Cas thrust their hips together, rubbing his panty covered cock, against Dean’s naked one. Dean gave him a few more moments before he pulled away, resting his head against the wall and baring his throat in an act of submission. Cas latched on to the offered skin, sucking bruise after bruise into Dean’s neck. Cas pulled Dean’s legs up and wrapped them around his waist, pinning Dean against the wall with the weight of his chest. Dean groaned as his cock twitched at the idea of having sex against the wall. He rubbed his dick against Cas’ corset as Cas latched on to his nipple and sucked it between his teeth.
On the way to his car, Dean sends Cas a message so that he has Dean's number too, and the goofy smile on his face doesn't fade for the rest of the day.
"Deannn!!!! WAKE UP DEAN!!! WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP!!!"
The night went on and drinks were flowing. Cas was talking to Dean and Sam about something inconsequential that their drunk minds gave way more importance to. Over all it was a fun evening, until Sam demanded to see Balthazar and talk to him and give him the If-You-Hurt0Cas speech. Poor Balth, he was going to get that speech from so many people.
“Cas, this is Jo. She is like my little sister and her mother – “
“Dean. Slow down. You have to get us home in one piece, don’t start speeding. I’ll be very disappointed if you were stopped by the police for that. I’m enjoying myself down here and I wish to do that uninterrupted until we get home.”
Quickly wrapping the towel around his hips, Dean went to go outside, hoping that Cas was still asleep, and get his clothes. When he opened his door, he bumped into a very sleepy, very bed haired Cas, who was about to knock on the door. He quickly took a step back and thought that Cas’ hair looked even more sexed out than usual. His brain immediately went into the gutter and he snapped himself out of it by clearing his throat.
When Dean goes up to his room to get ready for the day, he sees Cas sleeping peacefully in bed, clutching Dean’s pillow so tightly to his face that it would make Dean laugh, if he didn’t know it was his fault. Dean carefully lay down beside Cas, probably making what Sam called heart eyes at his husband as he combed his fingers through the soft hair. The touch seems to wake Cas up as he nuzzled against Dean’s hand and purred like the cat he sometimes acted like.
Also, I got a beta and she's awesome!
“What’s bothering you handmaiden?” She asked.
“Ugh! How do you not have a massive hangover after all the drinking we did last night?”
Cas pretended to think about it before replying, “No, why would I ever do that?” with a grin.
He buried his face in Cas’ neck as he rode out the waves of pleasure. He could still feel Cas’ hand on the growing wet spot in his pants. Just that feeling was enough to send Cas over the edge too, and he bit down on the spot between Dean’s neck and shoulder as he came.
Apparently that was the wrong question to ask because Cas started to go on and on about how the date was perfect and how ‘Balt’ was an absolute gentleman to him and how he absolutely enjoyed himself.
Charlie turned as red as her hair as she replied, "Well, first of all, I'm so sorry for your hearing, Dean. How will you ever listen to my good news now that you're deaf, I mean I'm so fucking sorry that I broke you", her voice dripping with sarcasm. Dean shot her a 'I love you and I'll kill you while you sleep' look, which Charlie ignored and continued, this time without any sarcasm.
“The problem, my so intelligent queen,” Dean replied with sarcasm, “ is that Cas is already in a relationship with that British Blond Douchenozzle. And if he is already in a relationship, then there is no way he’d want me. So maybe I’m just projecting and stuff and reading too much into signs that don’t actually exist.”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart” Dean whispered, unsure if Cas was awake enough to hear him but not wanting to wake the man up either.
With that, Dean and Cas lean forward, FINALLY having their kiss. The first touch of their lips is nothing short of electric. Cas’ lips, though seem to be permanently chapped, are so soft and pliant against Dean’s, pressing back with equal fervour.
“Stop being so cheeky.” Dean grumbled, as he picked a piece of bacon from the plate that Cas had prepared. He bit into the strip of bacon and a bit of it fell on his shirt. Awesome. Dean picked it up and ate it too, because who cares? It’s food, dammit.
Dean laughed at how far from the truth Cas was. He was the only person Dean wanted to talk to, and it was such a relief that Cas texted him.
To this suggestion, Sam decided to put his moose antlers where they didn’t belong. “Yeah, Dean. I cam contribute to buying you those. You’re my only brother after all. I can’t let anything happen to you because your boyfriend snores now, can I?” he said with a shit eating grin that could compete with the one Gabe had.
"I really do have a non-ass." Dean butts in, glancing at Cas for half a second before turning to look at Jo.
Her sincerity warmed Dean’s heart and he smiled as he replied, “Char, I’m in a bit of a problem. No wait first let me tell you everything then you can judge me all you want. But don’t interrupt, I won’t have the courage to say this again later.” Dean took a deep breath and told her everything, from hearing her talk to Sam, to his dreams, even all the explicit details of his dreams because, well, it was Charlie. He told her that he wasn’t creeped out and that made him feel weird and that he really had no idea what to make of it.
His resolution to stay quiet goes out the window when Cas presses his fingers against Dean's prostate, and relentlessly rubs it, until Dean is a quivering mess.
Charlie liked to do this thing known as LARPing. Or Live Action Role Playing. Where people would dress up as characters and live their lives and stuff that Dean never got the hang of. Dean tried LARPing once and somehow got stuck being Charlie’s handmaiden, while Charlie was the queen of someplace called the Moondor. Dean wasn’t sure how it happened but the nickname stuck and Dean being the amazing friend that he was, humoured her whenever she slipped into her Queen persona. This seemed to be one of those times so Dean played along.
One movie and around 2 beers each later Charlie finally brought it up with a sigh.
_______________________________________
A/N: HEY GUYS! I'M SORRY FOR BEING AWOL FOR SO LONG, BUT I REALLY HADN'T BEEN DOING TOO WELL. HOWEVER I'M BACK NOW WITH A NEW CHAPTER, AND I HOPE THE NEXT CHAPTERS WON'T TAKE SO LONG TO UPDATE. WE'RE ALMOST AT THE END OF THE STORY, AND I HOPE YOU ALL STICK AROUND FOR THE REST OF IT AS WELL.
Cas pressed a soft kiss to his palm,  “I know. Good morning, Dean.” He said with a smile. “You’ll be late if you don’t get ready now”
Dean had no idea how to reply. On one hand, he was elated that Cas wished him, but on the other hand, he also wanted to ignore it, because replying would just mean opening up a wound that hadn’t completely healed. He wanted to talk to Cas, beg for forgiveness, and ask him to come back, he wanted to know why Cas left him like that, and what he had been doing all these months. He wanted to catch up with Cas. But he wasn’t sure if he’d be able to survive it if Cas didn’t come back to him. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if Cas decided that this was the end, and he couldn’t be friends with Dean any more. He had already almost died a few times with his excessive drinking in the past few months, this time he was sure he won’t survive.
“Don’t you dare say stuff like that. DESTIEL is damn real and there’s no way I’ll let you say otherwise. The signs are all there.”
Keeping that in mind, feel free to call me out on my mistakes so I can correct them.
Driving without any stops for longer than 5 minutes, Dean got to Sammy’s locality in record time. It was late by the time he reached Sam’s house and the lights were off. Sucker had already gone to sleep, Dean chuckled to himself.
Dean did not remember how he got changed and into bed, or even what he dreamt of when be woke up, but whatever it was, had been better than what he had dreamt of in a long time.
"Oh Holy Shit I totally forgot your brothers were over! Awesome. I'm coming over to your place. We need to talk. And I want to meet your brothers. Seeya in a bit."
Using the hand in his hair, Castiel pulls him up against his chest and rests Dean’s head on his shoulder. Pinching his nipples with the other hand, Cas brings his hand down from Dean’s head to wrap around his dick once more before continuing to thrust into him. At this angle, Cas goes deeper and is able to hit Dean’s prostate with each thrust, making Dean groan loudly at the many sensations.
By the time the prince got to their home, Castiel had lost hope because surely by now the print would have faded. When their family got the notice that the prince would be arriving at their place in a few hours, they all began hounding Castiel about cleaning the house and washing their clothes and by the time the prince actually arrived, they told him that after serving the prince, he was to go to his room and pretend that he didn’t exist.
As quickly Cas had thrust his fingers into Dean. he took them out, leaving Dean feeling empty. Dean looked down to see Cas pull down his panties to his thigh and lube up his cock, ready to fuck Dean into oblivion, hopefully. Instead of pushing right in, however, Cas ran his lubed cock against the length of Dean’s crack, pushing against his hole but not breaching him. It was driving Dean crazy with lust.
That shut Cas right up while the others laughed at his expense. Dean turned to Cas and squeezed his shoulder with a wink, just to make sure he knew they were all just joking. Cas smiled at the gesture and the conversation continued around them.
Cas sucked at his head sharply, making Dean tighten his grip on the wheel and he unconsciously stepped harder on the accelerator. Cas immediately pulled off and spoke,
“Like something you see, Dean?” Cas asked, the smirk audible in his voice even though he wasn’t facing Dean.
” he growled. So Dean did, he fucked Cas hard enough to push him further up against the headboard, making the bed bang against the wall with each thrust.
“Oh. Okay. I, uh, I’ll just get ready too. Then I’ll take you to, uh, your place for a change of clothes and then we can go to the hospital.”
After a while, after Charlie had helped herself to every food item in their fridge, Dean finally asked her what he and Cas had been wondering for a long time.
Dean’s hands wrapped around Castiel’s neck, trying to pull his mouth impossibly closer. One of Castiel’s hands came down to rest on his hips and he used the leverage to push Dean down on him harder. With the other hand, he reached between them to rub Dean through the material of his sweatpants and squeezed gently.
The night before they were supposed to meet, Dean didn’t sleep too well, but this time, it was because he was too excited to meet Cas. He hoped that for the sake of him and all his friends, the meeting went well and that they could be friends again.
After he was done puking for the time being, Dean went into the kitchen where Cas was preparing him Bacon and Eggs with a large glass of Orange Juice. The trademark Hangover Cure. After having gulped down half the juice and having eaten some of his eggs, Dean realised that anyone who knew Cas even for a week knew that Cas couldn’t cook anything to save his life. As the realisation struck Dean, he stopped eating and went into the kitchen to see what was wrong.
By the time they were done, it was getting late so they decided to order in and snuggle into the cushions to watch some movies. After eating, less than halfway into the first movie, Cas noticed that Dean was already asleep, leaning his head into Cas’ side. It couldn’t have been a comfortable position but Dean looked so peaceful that Cas just didn’t have it him to wake Dean up and send him to bed, so he repositioned himself and they both fell asleep, limbs tangled around each other.
Disregarding that line of thought, Dean decided to take a shower and get dressed before Cas showed up, he probably stunk a lot. Taking a whiff of the air around him Dean decided that yes, that’s what happens when you don’t have time to take a shower before reporting for a work related emergency.
s were punched out of him, as he got closer to his orgasm. Suddenly, Cas shifted his hips and thrust
‘Oh come on, Dean, you’re just in a good mood, happy that your childhood best friend is getting some, that doesn’t have to mean more than that to Cas.’ Said a Sammy sounding voice.
I can't promise that the next chapter will be on time, but I'll try.
The next chapter will be Dean and Cas' not date with drinks, so hang on tight because this is going to get fun.
ENJOY :)
That morning started out no different. Dean went to the hospital with a shit ton of donuts and coffee to give among the patients and their parents. Then Dean went over some of the changes since last night that Jess had recorded. All had been good over the night, not that he had been expecting many changes. He was just about to launch into some paperwork when Charlie, one of the nurses and his best friend, knocked on his door.
Soon, the party was in full swing and Cas was whisked away by various people to talk to. Among the guests were Meg and Alfie as well, who were from his classes, as well as what seemed to be the entire student body.
against Dean’s prostate, making him come immediately. His white cum decorated Cas’ corset as he rode out his orgasm, and Dean slumped against Cas’ letting the man use him for his own pleasure. The speed of Cas’ thrusts increased as he bounced Dean on his cock against the wall. Dean dragged two of his fingers through the mess on Cas’ corset and sucked his cum into his mouth. Cas groaned at the sight, and Dean took the opportunity to kiss Cas and push the cum into his mouth instead. Tasting Dean’s cum in his mouth was the last straw for Cas and he came with a shout of
“Come on, I’ll cover you.” Cas said with a grin.
“Yes, I talked to Claire as well, asking if she’d be okay with it. I want her to stay at the hospital because with me in school for half the day and busy with school work for the rest, she would have more supervision at the hospital. Also, all I know about Cancer is what Wikipedia told me. If she stays here, I know she would be in good hands. I know that she would be taken care of better than anything I’d be able to do at home.” By this point, Cas’ voice began to crack. “At the hospital, my baby would be in better hands than she would be with me.”
Dean hears Sam clear his throat and suddenly breaks off their, quite frankly, eye sex.
As soon as Dean closed the door behind them, Cas spun him around and pinned Dean to the wall, kissing him greedily. He held up Dean’s arms and pinned his wrists against the wall above his head with one hand, as the other explored his body. Cas ground his hips against Dean and he could feel the hard line of Cas’ erection against him, its heat could be felt through all the layers of clothes. Cas’ grip on him tightened and there was nothing Dean could do, and GOD did it turn him on.
After Dean came down from his orgasm induced high, he cleaned himself up and grabbed the towel he had put on the rack when he realised that he had forgotten to bring any clothes with him except for the ones he was wearing, and those has gotten wet because of the mess of a shower that Dean had just taken.
“Well, hello stranger. How come you’re here tonight? I thought the only places besides the Hospital and your house you were ever in was your Baby? I thought you had forgotten all about me.” She pressed a teasing kiss to Dean’s cheek which he automatically wiped off on her sleeve. Before Cas could get the wrong image, Dean introduced them.
“Okay. Um, Cas hasn’t been home in a few days.”
DEAN: Thank you, Cas. And no, I’m glad you texted. I – I missed you. I was a mess without you. I fucked up, Cas. I’m sorry for that. There’s nothing I could do that would make it better, but I hope you know that no matter what you do, you’ll always be my best friend. I want you to come back, I miss you. I love you.
“Or not. Get off me.” Dean pushed Sam off himself and they both got up.
It had been so long since Dean had masturbated without a vibrator in his ass, stimulating his prostate, that even though he was close, he couldn’t tumble over the edge. His fingers never seemed to leave his prostate and his other hand worked furiously over his dick, but Dean couldn’t quite get there. He knew he was making some sort of noise by now, but he didn’t have it in him to care. He needed something, anything to help him tumble over the edge.
“More? More fingers? I can do that. Or do you want something else?” Dean loved seeing Cas like this, needy and begging to be fucked. Prim and proper Cas who had a thing for dirty talk but never cussed. It gave Dean a thrill knowing that he could get the man to swear, and hearing him swear was so hot, because he did it so rarely.
Dean was sitting on the uncomfortable seats in the waiting room when he was attacked by a violent Gabriel.
“Well, what can I say?” Dean shrugged. “I can’t resist the call of a time of myth and a land of magic at 3am.”
So Dean drank. Days and nights blurred into one and he had no idea what day, or even month it was anymore. Sam tried to stop him from drinking so much, but Dean just snapped at him, making Sam pissed at him.
This thought brought Dean back to the present, when on one of his low days, Cas decided it would be a good idea to go to a bar and get drunk. It was Friday and neither of them had to get up early the next morning. Sam and Jess were invited too, and Sam left no chance to tease Dean about the ‘double date’ they were going on. It wasn’t a ‘double date’, Cas and he weren’t dating, dammit. But Sammy wasn’t bothered by that, he was being a little bitch, teasing Dean at every opportunity he got. Jess, while berating Sam’s comments, still teased Dean as much as Sam did. This is why he hated people; they get one hint of a crush and they can’t stop talking about it. Of course it was common knowledge by now that Dean had a major crush on Cas and his brother decided to take it in his hands and get Cas to unknowingly touch Dean in a way that, even though was platonic, sent shivers down Dean’s spine solely because it was Cas. Cas, thankfully was unaware of what was going on, deciding to ignore the other three in favor for the line of shots he had ordered. Either that, or he was purposefully ignoring it, so as to not embarrass Dean in front of everyone with his rejection.
After the reunions, Jack explained what he planned on doing for the boys.
“I’m done.”
"Fine." He agreed. "Let's get this over with."
“Dean Winchester, I have had an eternity of existence yet it was the past 13 years that stood out the most. You changed someone who was supposed to be incapable of feeling. You made me fall in love with you over and over again. Anytime I would question my decision to rebel, I would take one look at you and it would all make sense. You are worth every battle we had to fight in order to get here. Seeing the universe born, the first flash of light, the first sign of life, none of that compares to being with you in this moment. I want this moment to never end yet I am so excited to see what the next one will bring. It would be my honour to spend eternity with you. Dean Winchester, will you marry me?” Cas opened the box to reveal a silver band with a stone in the middle. The stone was glowing a light blue color and Dean gasped at the sight.
“I love you too, Cas. You are the reason that I want to live. I have survived for Sammy but you give my life meaning. You make me feel that I am worthy. When you are gone, life is incomplete. There is an essential part of myself that I’m missing. I have had a lot of terrible moments but few come close to when you die.”
“Don’t be. I’m in love with this you, the one who is rough around the edges.” Cas said.
"Ah, Gabriel back so soon?" Rowena asked. She suddenly noticed Sam and greeted him with a hug. "Oh, hello Samuel, I expected you to be visiting me soon."
The new hybrids decided to leave for Earth. Jack waited a couple minutes to say goodbye.
"Shhh... Dean I am right here." Castiel soothed, running his fingers through Dean's hair.
“He seemed a bit tense so I used our house made lavender shampoo to help him relax.” Brandon said.
"Yes, Dean. You really are not fully healed yet."
"Of course. It's a win win and it's not like we have many other options available." Gabriel replied.
“Dean, we would never make you move out of the bunker just because you aren’t hunting.”
"Dean," Castiel said.
"Would you like to know how she is doing?"
“Yeah, kid. He’s fine. You’ll see him soon. I promise. Now give the phone back to Sam so we can figure out how to meet up.” Dean promised.
Then, the flood gates broke. Cas was sobbing uncontrollably in Dean’s arms. His knees gave out and he sank to the floor. Dean crouched next to him and held him in his arms. Since Cas was now human, his adrenalin was wearing off and he felt the weight of his near death experience.
"I'm still here, Dean." Sam said.
"Thank you." he croaked before falling asleep in Castiel's arm.
Seeing Dean like this made him happy. It also worried him because Dean would have a hard time letting Castiel go up to heaven for a week.
"Damn, that was quick." Dean laughed.
"I asked Jack to put me in-charge of corresponding with hell. I see her almost every day. She told me to give you her regards if I ever stumble upon you again."
“Oh” Sam’s voice softened, “Gabe is annoying the fuck out of me but other than that, I’m fine.”
“Rise and shine, Sammy!” Dean greeted.
“E tu, Castiel?” Sam said before hanging up.
"Everyone's in the library. We should get back." Castiel murmured between kisses.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll give the phone to Cas.”
“I love you but we gotta go. Sam will kill me if we don’t meet up with him soon.” Dean stood up and pulled Cas up to his feet. Dean latched onto his hand tighter as he pulled his phone out to call Sam.
Dean really let his guard down. He was not on alert mode and that was because of Castiel. That was because, for the first time since his mother died all those years ago, Dean felt safe and protected. He knew his angel would have his back. Dean could finally let go of the anxiety and uncertainty that came with being a hunter. This would surely take a while but it seemed that Dean was off to a good start.
"He fell asleep and I came back for a goodbye. I know I can't convince you to come back and you don't really need me here either. I need to go back." Castiel saw the grim look on Jack's face and misread it. "Maybe I should stay. We can wait a few more decades. We still have a lot of work in heaven and I..."
Sam and Gabriel reached the gates to hell, which Rowena had redecorated with flames and purple flowers. It almost looked friendly. The guards let them step through since they were used to seeing Gabe come and go. Gabe led them to Rowena's office while Sam kept on begging him to explain what was going on. Once inside, Gabe told Sam to shut up for once and asked the receptionist for an urgent meeting with Rowena. They took a seat and within a few minutes, Rowena's secretary called them inside.
"You want to talk about it? Like an actual conversation, not yelling and destroying objects." Gabe said.
"Cas, you always were." Sam responded.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas said. Dean pulled a blade and found a vile somewhere in the mess.
“Sorry, man. We lost track of time.” Dean said when Sam answered.
"I can't tell you. That is Sam's story to tell."
“Cas! You assbutt! I am not leaving here without you. What were you fucking thinking? What makes you think you can say all that to me and just leave? Stupid angel didn’t even care about what you put me through.” he began to grumble.
"Don't pray to Jack right now. He needs to sleep." Gabriel reminded.
“Did you talk to Cas about this?”
And that's the story. It became very domestic and a bit out of character but I think the boys deserve that. What do you think? Like it? Hate it? Let me know in the comments!
"I trust you slept well." Castiel said.
“How the fuck do you know hindi? And what even is your point?”
“Dean.” Sam breathed out softy. He went in for a hug and Dean reciprocated. Same closed his eye for just a moment until he jolted away on a bed in the motel room.
"It's not a problem, Jack. You are still my son and my love and responsibility towards you doesn't go away because I am now with Dean. Let me just inform him. I know he will get worried if he finds me missing again."
"Yes, baby" Dean murmured, completely distracted.
"And his word is God." Gabriel joked. This earned a laugh from Castiel and Jack. Dean looked as confused as ever and Sam rolled his eyes.
"What? What is it?"
"What? No. Not that. I need his help getting rid of these scars." Castiel's eyes lit up as Sam's went into shock.
"Cathalsis." Castiel nodded.
“I could ask the same thing to you,” Dean gave Sam a look. “And to Cas too, for that matter, but I haven’t.”
The air in the room begun to vibrate. A flash of light was seen and all of a sudden, a new map appeared overtop the old one on the long table before the trio. Charlie’s eyes widened at the sight and she touched the table. The image rippled like water before settling and Charlie took in the sight of the red dots everywhere.
Castiel looked up at Balthazar, craning his illuminated head shaped upper half and suddenly the area was filled with brilliant blue light. It danced and twirled through the air, gingerly sliding into place with the same light that came from Castiel. Eventually, the light strands became one, and suddenly the two figures were nothing more than sentient watery looking beings, melding with one another, and circling in the air.
Then there was the whole matter of Dean randomly popping a boner every time Castiel had been in his thoughts lately.
Jack had made it weak…
Back to black.
“You’ve been saying that for months now,” Castiel jerked his hand away from the angel holding him back. The Seraph got close to the angel’s face, practically snarling, and baring his teeth as he spoke.
Shock filled the young Nephilim instead. The kind of shock one feels coming on slowly like watching a car crash in slow motion.
Dean felt as though his head were up in the clouds too.
When the pair reached the furthest private room down the long hallway, Dean plopped himself down in the chair and smiled up at the waitress, who immediately grabbed the back of it with both her hands and leaned in close to his face.
“Hey dimwit,” Austin snapped his fingers in Ron’s face and Ron shook his head, before slowly pocketing his phone.
It was him. Just a "him" he didn't want to be for a list of definitive reasons he wouldn't dare speak aloud.
Dean took a long gulp of his whiskey and groaned.
"Thank you, Dear Abby," Dean rolled his eyes and thrust the bag over his shoulder with a strangled groan. "I think the two of us will be fine. Things like this happen and they blow over."
Read and Review!
It showed just how small such things were in any given moment in time.
Reality took hold of him once more and Dean bit his lip as he walked out the door.
It was the storybook ending he craved so badly he would sell his soul for it.
Dean remembered the confliction he’d felt in that moment. The feelings of guilt that had arose in his chest and crawled up his throat the moment his father’s words had hit him like a freight train. The publicly displayed disappointment in Dean that John often gave him more than love. It was enough to make a young man cry.
“How do we wish to go about this?” Adam asked from the other side of the room.
"Dad," she said. "I'm sixteen. I'm not a kid anymore."
Dean sighed, not wanting any of them to be separated with what was going on, but Alex was a capable fighter. Adam was too. They’d be okay. He had to convince himself of that and let the kids have some normalcy.
“Well,” Sam blew air out of his cheeks. “That was a long time coming, I’ll say that much.”
“I go centuries without knowing Him,” Titan remarked, coldly. “I go centuries thinking we’re just left to our own devices. Then, He comes back, and throws us all away like broken toys.”
“I just,” Dean let out a deep sigh. “I’m worried about him okay?”
It’s been a long ass time, but here’s a small update! Fun fact, I plotted the scene at the end of this chapter between Daniel and Dean like pretty much before the rest of this fic lol. And now we’re here! More is still to come, and hopefully that will be sooner rather than later. School is killing me.
Dean licked his lips and returned his attention to Jay's face. Jay cupped his cheek and kissed him, slowly and fully. His lips hugging Dean's every time. Dean's eyes closed and he practically melted into the embrace. Jay tasted like whiskey and lime from his last drink: a Corona Light.
Until time and John and his own damn setbacks about himself had finally ripped the two of them apart.
Dean knew exactly how Castiel felt and Future Dean's reasoning for the house. Dean wouldn't have ever considered settling down anywhere anytime soon if he hadn't seen this. He'd never felt ready, he'd never felt like there was any reason for him to until now. He saw the smile on Future Dean's face as he looked at the house, at Castiel. Dean had been denying himself something he'd desired for so long that it had twisted inside of his brain and laid dormant.
Read and Review!
“Hey,” Titan playfully pushed Meg’s shoulder and laughed. “While that is also my answer, it’s not the one I was going to tell you.”
His scruffy red beard dragged along Jessica’s skin and she smiled as her husband whispered little sweet nothings in Spanish in her ear.
Dean parked the Impala alongside the Fastback and the group exited the car. They were immediately greeted by the sound of windchimes in the tree nearby. The birdhouse nearby was still slanted and in the trees fairy lights were strung about. It was a small setup in the back, with two foldout tables filled with homemade food and a small altar arch near the far end of the fence. Loretta Mae Riggs stood behind the table, apron on, and waved a fond hello to the boys as they approached.
Gibson had grown up lanky like his father, with pale white skin and sleek blonde hair. He had also picked up his father’s love for music and his fashion sense. Today he was sporting a black AC/DC shirt and blue jeans. His eyes shined red in the right light but were Jude’s gorgeous blue otherwise.
Dean turned on the fan to suck up the steam forming from the hot water. The glass door to the shower steamed up and Dean motioned for Castiel to get in. The angel nodded and pulled back the door and climbed under the water.
There was a knock at the door and Sam quietly entered.
Castiel turned his head at the sound of Crowley’s voice and the King approached slowly, Meg by his side, with his hands in his pockets. The demon woman smiled upon seeing Titan, who winked at her and barked. She gave him a sideways smirk.
“With the way our lives have been going recently,” Daniel commented. “And for the majority of the time we’ve been alive, it’s probably best if I don’t.”
the creature turned its head to look towards Dean and Dean glared.
Okay um...so. I am a dumbass when it comes to the Bible and did not know Adam and Eve were technically married (lol oops). So, we're gonna go with my own interpretation and for the sake of this story they're more like brother and sister. I think it adds a nice new element (an element we're gonna pretend was misconstrued in the Bible) to the story.
Dinner had gone well. Jack and Clark had come home about an hour after the rest of Team Free Will had made their way back home to the bunker, and luckily before the food had gone cold. The boys had had two helpings each of the macaroni and burgers Dean had made before taking off, whispers abound, to Jack’s room and closing the door behind them.
“Or show me how to do it myself.”
No turning back now. Full speed ahead, but Dean’s lived his entire life that way.
“You’re doing fine,” Titan gave her a sideways smile and turned to face her. “If you piss me off, you can just blame it on hormones, and I can’t say anything.”
Adam took a deep breath, the results of his entrance exam staring him straight in the face. He hadn’t touched it for three days, as though it would suddenly grow teeth and bite his hand if he tried to open it.
John Winchester’s words hung in the air of the motel room like a bad fog and Dean found himself smack dab in the center of his own memory once more, watching his much younger self walk through the door and shut it behind him like the top on a coffin.
“I missed you.” He smiled and Meg did too. “You were gone for such a long time.”
Titan returned the other hound’s hard stare and addressed the others. “
Dean and Holly get a cheeseburger, as promised, but even that can't last. It's all in Dean's head after all? Holly shows Dean the hunt that she claims 'starts it all'.
"Hey there champ," Sam smiled. "You been good for your dad and your papa?"
"Sasquatch," Gabriel said. "Relax. It was a joke."
She was truly a sight to behold.
Yet, the memory remained, as Jamie’s lips met Deans and the mostly empty field around them bled into one giant blur. Time stopped. Those were always the best kisses, Dean had heard. This had most certainly been one of the best.
“At that time,” Titan finished. “There was nothing for me to fight for, but Heaven. I’ve never known what true family felt like until now. I don’t want to lose it.”
“Austin,” Ron warned, throwing his hand up in defense. “Don’t do this.”
"Well," Dean hoarsely replied. "He'll never know that now, with you here."
"No Dean," Castiel answered. "I am not."
"Do we?"
Without truly meaning to, he managed to manifest Dean in the pool of water. His voice echoed in Castiel's head.
“Dean.” He practically whined. It was most likely going to cost him for using his real name, but he didn’t care. It felt so nice. “Yours?”
They hadn’t known for sure, but they could feel it in their bones that every human being in the world was gone. Every single one, but them. All their effort had still been for nothing. All because Chuck had written his story. His last sentences carved out in an eternal book with a heavy pen and weary paper.
Oh, and Happy Halloween fellow Americans ;)
“A good writer never stops writing, even if he believes he’s told all the stories he has left to tell,” Chuck’s voice came from behind Castiel and the angel looked over his shoulder to see the two guards standing behind him and each taking a hold of one of his arms and spinning him around to meet the steely gaze of their Father.
Castiel leaned back ever so slightly to look into Dean's eyes and to process his words.
“Cause my outfit is cuter,” Sarah teased Daniel. “You look scary!”
Well, this chapter was a journey to write, but as the monster in this fic says, “enjoy the journey”. Christmas season has me drained and feeling crazy, that’s part of the reason this took so long. I also have one hell of a headache tonight. Just figured I would get this out before Christmas. Hope everyone has a good holiday and I’ll see you again real soon!
“Empty in here, isn’t it?” Dean commented, not really knowing what else to say.
Read and Review!
See y’all in the next chapter!
Dean followed her up the creaking steps. He remembered the inside well. The peeling paint on the wooden surfaces was peeling worse now, but it was fixable. The walls were probably loaded with asbestos. The stairs looked older, less taken care of than they had looked before, but again, fixable. Dean could see a half decent house just by looking at it. He'd always dreamed of fixing up something like this, somewhere he and Sam could live out their glory days without fear of someone else sleeping or doing worse things in their bed before them. No more yellow sheets, no more moldy walls, no more loud neighbors, no more motels, no more sleeping in the Impala, this was home now. This was what Dean had wanted his entire life.
Somehow, they ended up at a bar. Claire casually forgot to mention her homework and Jody had the next day off. Eileen and Sam made their way over to the bartender, ordering a drink each, and Castiel joined them. Dean claimed a stool in between Claire and Jody.
Dean's eyes, however; caught something else. There were children's drawings on the wall. Taped up and organized in a jumbled collage-like way. They were most likely given to the waitresses as 'tips' from the children. One picture though, it made it feel as though there were rocks in Dean's stomach. It was a picture of purple moon.
"Because he'd have stopped me from coming here on my own."
"This is the future Dean," Holly explained. "Let it play out. You can't do anything anyway."
“Uncle Adam,” Sarah said, quietly approaching the young man sitting there. “Do you want to play?”
“Nah,” Clark shook his head. “It’s the strangest thing, ya know?”
Coming back to this one, guys. It won’t be too long now before this series is done! I cannot wait for that moment; it’s been a long time coming.
"Hey," Dean pointed a finger at her. "What did I say about the lessons thing?"
"What do I smell like?" Dean asked.
Yet, he felt somehow more compelled, more drawn to those topside who’d decided to call him a part of their messed-up family.
Some went by the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy, others just let it all hang out, metaphorically.
“There’s always something up with the damn angels.”
"You mean you never met the one," Gabriel asked. "You haven't found the one who you were determined to dance with to all the cheesy love songs and the one who you'd gladly surrender your favorite jacket to a puddle for them to cross?"
Right in that moment, though, Jack just felt tired to the bone. His legs about gave out from underneath him the moment he reached his bed. He laid back against the pillow and closed his eyes, taking a long slow breath. The room spun.
Ron and Kevin were both sitting there, along with Gabriel and the kids. Ron had Daniel in his lap and was showing him the controls for a video game, to which he was doing sort of poorly, but still enjoying himself. Sarah sat beside Kevin, attempting the same controls, and winning the fight with a giant smile on her face.
“Well if you hadn’t spent so long in the bathroom doing your hair and makeup Samantha,” Dean replied. “I would have had time to fix it before we left.”
LeSalle looked over at Sam, slightly confused at his statement, but also shocked at the bluntness of it as well. Sam watched the way his eyes followed Drew as Dean and he laughed about something and carried the bags of snacks to the car.
“Whatever it is,” Titan replied. “We’ll figure it out, the way we always have. If I’ve learned anything in the time, I have known you and Sam, it’s that this family is capable of so much good it outweighs whatever bad is out there.”
“And what journey is that? Asshat.” Dean glared, debating his irrational brain on whether or not it was a good idea to go for the thing again.
“It’s about time they made today legal,” Delilah said. “You two are made for each other.”
“First of all, let me just say that I am mildly insulted that you believe I cannot achieve this task on my own.”
Reviews are appreciated!
See y'all in the next chapter!
“You okay?” Dean asked.
"Oh that," LeSalle waved him off and blew air out of his lips. "I feel like I kind of always knew that. Just never really acted on it til I was older."
"Castiel," Holly shot back at him, Dean took a step back at her defensive tone. "My Papa."
“How about we get back the bunker first,” Sam said. “I think he can explain this whole thing better than I can.”
Dean parked on the outskirts of the woods near the edge of town and begun to walk.
The kidnapped children in the back had screamed so loudly Dean bet if he ever went back to those woods, he’d still hear it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kevin asked, worriedly.
Sarah quieted upon Daniel pointing up at one, and then another, going down the line and other pedestrians had begun to take notice as well. Suddenly, the ground below the two cousins started to vibrate, softly at first, but then it grew more violent as it continued. Daniel and Sarah looked around, then over at one another, and then back at the record shop, which they realized was crumbling ever so slightly with how old the building was.
Dean excused himself from Crowley and made his way over to Castiel, placing a hand upon his mate’s shoulder and smiling at him. Daniel stood on the other side of Castiel, near his cousin, and Dean’s smile only grew when he saw his son lean into Castiel’s shoulder and rest his head.
“Clark’s missing,” Dean’s voice cracked ever so slightly. “Jack’s worried sick. I figured you…wouldn’t mind helping.”
“Definitely the flu,” Sam sighed. “Or something like it. Try and get him to drink something. I’ll go get some soup and other stuff from the store, if you don’t mind playing babysitter.”
"Welcome back Dean." He said.
“That’s my girl!” Gabriel cried out, whooping, and hollering at every little thing his little bouncy brown-haired daughter did. Dean caught Sam’s cheesy smile in his mate’s direction and the arm he wrapped around Gabriel’s middle before turning to look at his child.
“Sorry for that rather earthshakingly big entrance,” the woman smirked, revealing white teeth from behind red lipstick-stained lips. “We were always a dramatic pair.”
He knew it, and now it felt as though it was too late.
"Come on," Holly grabbed his arm. "We need to keep moving. You've got a lot to see before you wake up."
Dean looked over at Castiel, who quickly averted his gaze from the hunter’s the moment their eyes met. Dean considered commenting on the strange behavior. Was Castiel mad at him for some reason? The angel seemed to be a little tense and his hands were rarely ever anywhere inside of his pant pockets or trench coat.
"It's me Dean," Jamie continued and motioned to the back room where they kept the pool tables.
"I had a purpose," Castiel replied. "A mission from God, or so I thought…"
He determined he’d discuss it with Sam once they had a moment alone, but for the time being, he grabbed a pair of cuffs and attached Clark’s right hand to the bed.
Castiel left and the door closed behind him. The room fell silent.
"I told you this in the mystery spot years ago Sam," Gabriel said. "I like you. I like your caliber. I like the way you keep going even after all these shitty things have happened to you. You haven't lost faith Sam Winchester, not like the rest of the world. You always believe in that perfect little pot of gold at the end of the magic rainbow and honestly I don't ever want you to lose that mentality."
He turned to face the man and asked, “I’m sorry what? I didn’t hear you, what did you say?”
He smirked at Cas’ whine of protest but noticed that Cas twisted his hands into the covers to avoid touching himself. Any other day, Dean would have loved to see Cas jerk himself off as Dean gave him a strip tease, but not today. Today he was going to tease the fuck out of Cas, and make him break his composure until Cas finally fucked him hard.
Biting back a moan at the touch, Dean wraps an arm around Cas’ neck and climbs onto his lap, as Cas licks his way into Dean’s mouth. Cas wraps an arm around Dean’s waist, resting his hand on his hip, and they stay there for the rest of the evening, kissing and watching the movie. It is, no doubt, the best Christmas Dean has ever had.
“Yes, Castiel” Dean replies as he turns around, desperately hoping that it is about the lecture, and not the weird thing that happened during the class. Dean is suddenly drowning in blue, as Cas apparently is all up in his personal space, leaving almost no gap between their bodies.
Damn that stupid blond guy with his stupid good looks and his stupid sexy accent.
Cas chuckled. “Yeah, I noticed. So, um, can we talk about Claire? Or is it a bad time?”
Dean smiled at the formal tone of the message, and the contact that Cas had saved.
“You want this, Dean?” Cas asked teasingly, as his hand moved from the base of the plug and palmed his clothed erection. Dean swallowed audibly and nodded, still mesmerized by the sight in front of him.
– what name to shout as I fuck you into my mattress.”
They ate breakfast in a comfortable silence, interspersed with small smiles and stolen glances. Why either of them were stealing glances was beyond Dean, considering that they were going on a date soon – it wasn’t as if either of their crushes were a secret any longer.
“Don’t you worry about that. You made me fall for you on the night of the Ball and there’s no way I’m letting you go without a fight. If your family has anything to say about that, they can talk to me themselves.”
“No, Cas, I- I guess what I’m trying to say is, Castiel, will you marry me?”
"Yeah well you didn't grow up with all the eye fucking they do. I just really wish Dean would get his head out of his ass and see that he and Cas are already boyfriends. I mean I can see that Dean is in love with Cas, everyone else can see they love each other, but they can't see it. How blind can someone be?"
“Hey, Cas. I’m sorry about Balthsa- Bathal- Balth’r- your boyfriend. He was a dick and if it helps, I never liked him anyway.” There was more than a slight slur to his words and it was obvious that he was still very drunk.
“Hello, Dean.” The man replied. When he made no effort to give his own name in return, Dean gave him a cheeky grin. “So do I get your name in return, or do I have to keep on calling you ‘Mr. Greek God whose dick I want in my ass tonight’?”
Dean adjusted his hips to give Cas more space to work with and sighed as his zipper was opened, relieving some of the pressure on his now hard cock. Cas wasted no time in sucking him down completely and moaned loudly around Dean, causing the vibrations to travel up his length in the most pleasurable way imaginable.
That seemed to snap Cas out of a trance and he replied, “Yeah, um, I was downstairs when I realized I forgot my overnight bag at home so I, um, came back. Yeah.”
“Why is it, that when you have to go to Kindergarten, you won’t wake up no matter how much I try, but today, you woke up before the alarm and have so much energy?” Dean asks as he prepares the batter to make some pancakes for the two of them to eat.
Cas returned home from a long day at work. Who knew working at a bakery could be such hard work? Although he supposed it was more due to the fact that he owned said bakery and had to be awake daily before dawn, but that was beyond the point. Right now, he had worked a long day, baking and maintaining the bakery, with the help of a select few, trusted people and he was tired, in dire need of a pick me up. Thankfully, tomorrow was his day off – the bakery was closed on Wednesdays – and it wasn’t too late to hit a bar.
Dean is the youngest professor that they have in the English department - in the entire university, in fact. At age 35, he is also the best they’ve ever had. Dean is at a good place in life and couldn’t be happier about the way his life is going. The only thing that pisses him off is when students are late to his classes!
"Yes, I-" Dean spills the entire story about his first Christmas as a single parent with a wavering voice. The man looked at him with sad eyes before suddenly standing up, and pulling Dean with him.
By the time he made his decision about what to do, his phone had locked up again, so he swiped up and opened Cas’ messages. There was one more unread message that had just arrived.
“Oh shut up, Dean. You very well know what happened.”
God dammit. Dean could not wait for their date to be over so that they could get to the after-the-date stuff already.
When they stopped at the hospital, the kids were having their daily story time thing that Charlie had come up with. The idea was to engage all the kids in some sort of activity at the same time so that even those who are too weak to do much, get to socialize with other kids instead of just lying in their beds all day long. Even though it was called story time, it was actually Do Whatever You Want As Long As You Stay In This Room And Talk To Everyone time and it was the best part of the day according to the children.
There were at least two levels inside, full of arcade games. Arcade games. In this day and age! Dammit it had been so long since he went to an arcade, he had no idea those even existed anymore. With an excited grin, he turned to look at Cas who held up his hands in a vague shrug that seemed to say something between ‘what can you do’ and ‘don’t mention how sappy this idea was’. Dean turned back with a smile and looked around. Apparently this arcade sold booze too – it had a proper bar and everything – he noticed as a waitress served a tray of drinks at a table in the corner. Dean walked up to Cas and enveloped him in a hug.
“Ooooooooh, you are Cas’ daughter. Why didn’t you say so earlier?” Claire giggles.
Dean moaned loudly at the words tumbling out of Cas’ mouth and slid his slick cock right into Cas, as he demanded.
Sure enough, the next thrust was hard enough to punch out all the air from his lungs, making him gasp in pleasure. “I’ll show you what I can do, Dean. I may be older than you but by no means am I an old man.” Cas growled as he fucked into Dean even harder.
...and that’s all she wrote.
Dean comes explosively, ropes of white cum dripping all over Cas’ hands and gloves, and he fucks himself into Cas’ fist through his orgasm. Dean’s ass clenching around Cas sends him over the edge too, and he pulls out, coming all over Dean’s ass and lower back.
*Blackout*
Not expecting the touch, Dean jerked forward and moaned into Castiel’s mouth.
A few hours later Dean woke with a start and noticed how they had fallen asleep. Cas looked so peaceful sleeping on his lap that Dean couldn’t help pressing a soft kiss to his temple. Just then, Cas woke up too looking confused and extremely adorable. He saw Dean grinning down at him and he asked,
Extracting himself from Dean’s octopus-like grip, Dean hurried to the bathroom for a cold shower. He quickly undressed and before he could have second thought, he stepped under the freezing stream of water. The sudden, shocking cold did help get rid of his erection, but once Dean realized he would be using a bath gel that smelt like Cas, and on top of that he would need to use Cas’ towel, his boner was back in full force.
“That’s my mom.” He told Cas.
As usual, this is unbeta'ed and english isn't my first language so all mistakes are mine. Feel free to point them out, yada yada yada.
Dean went to the guys’ side of the room and sat at the bar, ordering himself a shot of whiskey and some beer while he looked around the area for potential hook ups. He didn’t pay any attention to guys that were a lot shorter than him because he was in the mood to be bossed around and manhandled. Not that smaller guys couldn’t do that, but today, he just wasn’t in the mood.
Ignoring the various protests made by Dean's body, Dean sat up and tackled Cas to the bed and climbed on top of him. After being inseparable, attached by the hip, and a various other phrases called by people over the years, since they were still in their diapers, Dean knew exactly what weaknesses Cas had. Being ticklish was one of them, right at the top.
Dean shook his head instead of replying and moved to get up, when he felt the gross mess that was in his pants.
“Sit up, and spread your legs for me.” he told Cas, and gave him a soft smile when Cas sat up at the edge of the bed and opened his legs. Dean moved forward to stand between Cas’ open legs and leaned in to kiss him. They stayed like that, kissing for a few moments, before Dean pulled back and went to stand near the opposite wall.
Shirt in hand, Dean went back to Cas’ room where he was trying to tame his hair only to have it stick out even more, making him go from just-woke-up-from-an-amazing-nap to I-was-just-thoroughly-fucked-by-my-boyfriend-five-minutes-ago and Dean would be damned if that look didn’t do things to him below the belt that no amount of deep breaths could calm down. It was not a good idea to have the hots for his best friend but apparently his dick seemed to have missed the memo.
Dean's eyes roll into his head at the thought of being caught and he bites back a moan, not wanting to stop anything even though that would be a much better idea.
Claire laughed at her father’s antics and replied, “No, silly. We just met yesterday!” wow. Apparently little kids didn’t know how to control their volume. Not that it should surprise Dean after working with kids for so long, but it almost always did.
“Cassie, do you have any idea how expensive booze is in bars? No thank you, I’d rather get a head start before we head out. Now take out your shot glasses and let’s drink to a good night out and a ménage a – what’s the French word for twelve?”
Taking out his lock picking kit, Dean made his way across the street and into Sam’s. He was barely in through the living room when he was attacked from behind. Instinct kicked in and he fought back, pulling his attacker to the ground but not before both of them landed a few punches on the other. One palm wrapped around his attacker’s neck, Dean finally got a good look at the face and saw it was Sam.
“I – You – You kissed me. Shit, you really kissed me? I’m not dreaming this? Wow.”
“WHAT DID YOU SAY TO MY BROTHER, YOU SON OF A BITCH? WHAT COULD YOU POSSIBLY HAVE HAD TO SAY TO HIM THAT WOULD HAVE HELPED? WHY COULDN’T YOU JUST STAY AWAY FORM HIM AND LET HIM BE INSTEAD OF MAKING HIM MORE MISERABLE? TELL ME WHAT YOU SAID TO HIM. ALL I KNOW IS THAT YOU WENT TO TALK TO HIM AND THEN HE RAN IN FRONT OF A CAR. I SWEAR TO GOD IF SOMETHING HAPPENS TO MY BROTHER I WILL MAKE YOU REGRET YOUR VERY EXISTANCE, DO YOU UNDERSTAND IT?”
WHOOP ANOTHER CHAPTER WITH SEX! DISCLAIMER: EVEN THOUGH I READ A LOT OF GAY SEX, AND HAVE A LOT OF GAY SEX, I ABSOLUTELY SUCK AT WRITING ABOUT GAY SEX (ALTHOUGH THAT MIGHT BE BECAUSE MY SEX NEVER HAS ANY DICKS INVOLVED (EXCEPT FOR THAT ONE TIME BUT WE DON’T TALK ABOUT IT) BUT WHATEVER) SO HERE YOU GO, OUR BOYS HAVING SEX. I’M NOT TOO HAPPY WITH THE CHAPTER BUT I’M NOT WRITING THIS SHIT AGAIN, DEAL WITH IT.
“I won’t get any space on the bed if I share it with the moose with his long ass limbs.” Dean complained.
Cas pushed Dean down and searched through the bedside drawers for lube and condoms. He took out the entire strip of condoms, instead of just one. Dean chuckled and made some comment about being ambitious but Cas cut him off by taking his dick into his mouth.
When Cas was close to his orgasm, he pushed up against Dean and flipped them over, so that he was still buried deep in Dean’s ass but now Dean was beneath him. Cas grabbed a pillow and put it under Dean’s hips. He pulled one of Dean’s legs over his shoulder and hooked the other around his elbow, as he leaned forward to kiss Dean. He began to snap his hips at a brutal pace that had him slamming against Dean’s prostate at every thrust. Dean was screaming out in time with his thrusts. When Dean was close, Cas leaned down (Thank you yoga, he thought) and wrapped his lips around Dean’s cock, and sucked hard. Dean’s hips arched off the pillow as he came with a loud shout of
Dean continued, “Now, I would like to conduct some tests on Claire. The results should be prepared by tomorrow so I’ll give you a call about it.”
“Oh yeah? I hadn’t noticed that, Cas. What do you suggest I do instead?”
He turned on the shower and waited for the water to heat up while he stripped. He grabbed a bottle of waterproof lube and stepped into the hot water, letting it wash away the sweat and some of the grime over his body. After he had soaped himself up and was cleaned, he began to lightly touch himself all over to get his body into the right mood.
Suddenly, Dean realized that he still hadn’t answered Cas’ question. Cas was looking at him with a furrowed brow and his head was tilted in that adorable manner he had. “I get it if you don’t want to go out with me, Dean. I –“
A/N: HEY THERE! I’M SORRY IT TOOK ME SO LONG TO UPLOAD, MY LIFE HAS BEEN ONE SHIT STORM AFTER THE OTHER AND I HAD NEITHER THE TIME, NOR THE ENERGY TO WRITE OR UPLOAD. I HOPE Y’ALL ARE STILL FOLLOWING THE STORY.
The night passed too slowly for Dean’s liking, but at the same time it flew by too fast. He was eager to meet Cas but at the same time, he was apprehensive. What if Cas just wanted to meet to tell him that they couldn’t be friends anymore? Was it better to not know and still have some hope, or was it better to know for sure so that he knew where they stood with each other?
Dean ignored the commend and replied with, “Hey, moose, fancy seeing you here. Jess, huh?” with a smirk, knowing full well what was going on there.
“I’m not-“
Throughout all the years they had been friends, Dean and Cas would have these date nights when they’d order some cheap Chinese takeout and watch some movies until they fell asleep during the movies, curled around each other.
Dean smiles at him gratefully before letting the man lead him to the little coffee shop in the mall. Suddenly, he realizes that he doesn't know the man's name.
“Okay, so” Dean began. He was going to explain the pros and cons of Claire staying at the hospital vs her staying at home when Cas interrupted him.
“Professor Winchester?” Castiel’s rough voice calls out to him, and dammit, he should have known he wasn’t going to be that lucky. “Can I talk to you for a minute?”
He cleared his throat and replied, surprised at how steady his voice sounded – at least to his ears.
. As soon as he got into position, he looked over to Cas and saw that the man was palming his dick. Even though it was still trapped in the denim of his jeans, Dean could see the outline, and damn, he was huge. Dean was by no means small. At seven inches, he was way above the average size, but it was clear that Cas was larger than him, and thicker too. God, that cock would feel so good pounding him. Dean would be sore for days afterwards. The good kind of sore.
pair of red panties, fishnets, and six inch high black heels. Fuck. Dean felt light headed with the lack of blood going to his brain.
“Cas, I’m sorry.”
“I suppose that means you should pay attention to the road. Don’t mind me, I’ll just be here, worshipping you like you deserve to be worshipped.” Cas replied as he nuzzled against Dean’s crotch. Dean knew it was no good getting Cas to stop when he was on a mission. Drunk Cas was a horny Cas and apparently today, Horny Cas wanted to suck Dean off in the car. Oh well, Road Head rules.
Putting on his shoes, Dean went to the kitchen where Cas was bound to be. Dean entered the kitchen but before he could say anything, he stopped dead in his tracks as all the blood in his body rushed to his dick. He had never gotten this hard without a single touch, but here he was, looking at his husband, and hard as a rock. Cas
As they took their seats, the waitress came to take their orders. Dean ordered a beer, and a double bacon cheeseburger with a side of fries while Cas ordered a cheeseburger with a side of salad and coke. They sat in an awkward silence until they both began to break it at the same time.
“You’re hard, Dean. It wil be difficult to hide that in your jeans.” He smirked
Anyone else who cried? No? Only me? Okay.
"Look at you, Dean" Cas leans over and speaks breathlessly into his ear. "You look so gorgeous like this, sweaty and bent over for me. Look at your body, greedily taking my fingers like you were made for this. You have no idea how long I've wanted this, wanted you. Fuck, Dean."
HELLO PEOPLE I LIVE! Sorry, I have been busy with exams for the past month so I wasn't able to upload or write at all.
That night, after Dean had dropped Cas off at his place and kissed him goodbye, when Dean was lying in bed, he knew that even if they didn’t work out, they’d still be friends, and they would still hang out without any awkwardness.
“Damn, Dean. If I wasn’t strictly into girls, I’d ride you like a cowboy.”
At this, Cas opened his eyes and looked at Dean.
Not only did he love spending time with Charlie, but she also always helped put things – feelings – in perspective for him. Which was great because Dean didn’t do feelings. No thank you very much but he’ll pass. Charlie and Sam on the other hand were all about talking about feelings and everything. The next thing you know, they’ll be organizing sleepovers and braiding each other’s hair. God knows both of them have long enough hair for that.
When Cas had first showed up on Dean’s doorstep that evening, Dean had felt annoyed that he hadn’t had the time to jerk off in the shower, because he was sure that as good as Cas looked, there was no way his dick wouldn’t make an appearance that night. But as the night drew on, any thoughts about wanting to bone Cas had left his mind and they settled into a comfortable friendship. So what if they didn’t have much of a concept of personal space? They were on the road to becoming good friends and that’s all Dean could ask for. He was more than happy to just be a friend to Cas, if that’s what Cas wanted. But now when they were alone in Cas’ room, with his daughter spending the night with her mother, and Dean was changing into clothes that smelled like Cas, in Cas’ house, surrounded by Cas’ stuff, he was more than just turned on. Of course he couldn’t do anything about it. Masturbating in a friend’s bathroom? Not at all cool. So instead, Dean thought of the most unsexy things his brain could come up with, such as Bobby in swimming trunks, until his not so little situation went away and went outside to join Cas in the guest room where Cas had insisted that Dean would sleep, instead of on the couch.
Dean groaned as he paused the episode on his laptop and went to collect his coffee and pie. Watching him, the barista, who Dean had nicknamed Merlin in his head, smiled at him in amusement.
“I know this is not what you probably wanted. You already have a lot of problems to deal with, what with Claire and all, you don’t need to be burdened with me and my stupid crush on you. You don’t need your friend fantasizing about you over everything else that you already are dealing with. This is not how I wanted you to find out. Hell, if it was up to me, you’d never find out. And I’m sorry you had to see that. I – I like you, Cas. I really do. And I really hope that it won’t affect our friendship. I don’t want to see Claire go before her treatment is complete. I couldn’t bear it because she’s family. You’re family. But if that’s what you want, then I’ll respect your choice. I’ll recommend you a great doctor who’d treat Claire with the same care as we would. I’m sorry.”
“How are you feeling?” Jack asked.
The same instinct he’d seen the angel give to Jack flooded through him. Strong and powerful like a wave. It was almost overwhelming.
Bane gave her a small smile as Chaya commanded the hounds and then also vanished before the leader of the Angelhound Council’s eyes.
Castiel started towards the door, figuring Dean would wish to be left alone while he slept. He usually did. The angel recalled many a time that he’d been yelled at for staring or observing the pair of brothers while they slept.
“Alright,” Sam held his hands out, as though to calm a riled dog. “I won’t tell him. I think
Dean walked backwards into his motel room. He tried his best not to trip over his own feet. His heart pounded. He felt like a virgin all over again. Jay quietly slipped into the room too and shut the door behind them.
“I know how to chill out.” Dean said in an accusatory manner, giving Sam a look as he did.
"Trouble in paradise?"
Dean and Sam set the comatose kid down on one of the infirmary beds and they took a step back to examine the situation.
“Okay,” Dean closed his eyes and then shook his head before pointing a finger at Sam. “New rule, no Alanis Morrissette in the Impala, and you, Cas…just don’t use that term in front of the suspect, okay? And for the love of God, if it does come to that, just be safe about it.”
Wherever Dean went, Castiel wouldn't hesitate and surely follow.
After making it to the bathroom, Dean turned on the bathroom fan, and stared at himself in the mirror a for moment. His fingers tightly gripped the edge of the sink, as both of his arms trembled, one more so than the other. The mirror seemed blurry, or maybe that was the latent nausea and blood loss talking.
“Something smells good,” Sam remarked as he entered the room and then held up his phone. “You texted me?”
The door closed behind her and Daniel looked, embarrassed, over at Titan.
Despite lack of success in previous attempts, Castiel refused to give up. He lightly ran his fingers everywhere over the hunter’s body, trying to find an access point for his grace that wouldn’t drain the angel too terribly. No such point revealed itself or made sense.
Dean looked back over at the doctor letting Future him and Castiel into the room. Their daughter was lying in the hospital bed. The doctor unhooked the IV. Their daughter started to cry, wheezing and sputtering. Castiel took her into his arms and rocked her a bit. She started to calm and snuggled into him, resting her head on his shoulder.
"He smelled like a hunter," Bess explained. "I know that sounds strange, but you guys have this edge about you. This adrenaline that most of us creatures, if we're smart enough, can smell on you. It's almost like it's in your blood."
Sam nodded, half asleep already. Gabriel's voice was lulling him into slumber and soon Sam shut his eyes. Gabriel looked over at him and slowly ran his hand down Sam's back, rubbing it tenderly in an affectionate manor.
“That was before you left us for a man of God,” Tess scoffed. “You really think we can trust you now?”
"Am I missing something here?" Castiel asked, clearly aggravated at the brother's behavior.
“Oh, I’ve been well,” Delilah looked over at the man beside her and a playful smile came over her. “We all have. Excited as ever for today.”
"Cas, please. We need to talk."
Dean hadn't really thought much about it, but flashes of the night before came back to him. Vomiting in the bathroom being at the forefront because most people remembered anything of that sort. By the time he'd gotten out of the shower, Dean's fever had begun. He hadn't recalled too much after that, but there were echoes in his memory. Castiel's voice that could or not have been real, he wasn't quite sure yet.
Whew, just more emotion right there! At least everything is out in the open for everyone now and things are ripe for discussion. Speaking of that, I'm thinking about just one more chapter. An epilogue of sorts, where everything will hopefully be resolved (we'll see where the muse takes me, but I think I may be a fan of a happy ending this time). Just thought I'd pack a punch with the feels beforehand.
"M'not worth it," Dean whispered, so tired from fighting the poison. "M'broken."
A name that now made Dean's skin feel cold and prickly with goosebumps.
One of my OCs is briefly mentioned/makes an appearance in this story, but you do not need to know about him previously than this. He will not show up again in this story, and if he does it will be brief.
The feeling was nice. Plain and simple.
“Crowley,” Castiel nodded and the other angels followed suit. “Why have you called us all down here?”
"Eileen had it," Sam explained, knowing Dean could hear him. He could feel his brother's hard stare as the group started back in the direction of the cars. "She figured it would come in handy."
So, still dreaming. Dean sighed. He supposed it was better than beating up a monster and dealing with blood splatter and brain matter.
“And that’s significant because?” Dean retorted.
“Yeah,” Dean scoffed and pulled away from the curb. “That’s what I thought.”
Gabriel shut the door to his and Sam’s bedroom behind him. Castiel felt the heaviness that suddenly filled the air.
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
Castiel raised his blade, bringing it down hard and fast on the angel below him, and the angel’s life left him with a flash of light and a piercing scream. Dean felt his breath leave him just as quick as he gasped.
When Team Free Will arrived at the bunker, it was a little too quiet.
“I love you too, Kevin.” Ron kissed the top of his head and slowly felt his eyes starting to close.
"Really," Dean chuckled. "That's a first. Gabriel's the last person I'd expect to care about someone."
"Well," she met her father's gaze. "I am his daughter. I got the logic from him and the stubbornness from you."
None of Team Free Will dared move or make a sound when it was all over.
“Right.” Dean nodded and Castiel slowly nodded back, taking off in the direction of the hallway to the bedrooms. Dean stared at the entrance long after he was gone.
The dream had, once again, felt so real, and he swore he could still feel the chill of the wind in the field even within his bedroom in the depths of the bunker. Daniel untangled the dark blue sheets from his legs and pushed the plaid blanket away from him.
Dean sighed when he reached the road to pull off into Lebanon and tried not to dig too deeply into it. Jack was sick. Castiel usually acted strange anyway, even though this was still a bit abnormal for even him. Sam was always keeping Dean on his toes.
Jody smiled endearingly and let the brothers through the front door. The house was warm, packed to the brim with furniture and blankets draped over every place to sit. The smell from the kitchen was heavenly. Dean closed his eyes for a moment, trying to ingrain every smell and sight into his memory. It was so rare they had things like this.
No, it wasn’t right.
"Damn it Dean, c'mon man!"
"Of course, he's worried about you," Castiel chastised Dean. "The two of you apparently haven't spoken so much as a word to one another except on this hunt. What the hell happened?"
Dean shook his head, finding himself no longer in just the darkness, but instead on an empty city street near a dingy alley. There was no telling what city he was in, but just by looking around he assumed one of the bigger ones that he swore up and down he’d never visit again, even if a case warranted it. Let the big city slickers handle the monsters of NYC and LA.
"Forgive me Dean," Castiel nodded. "I forgot about humans and their affinity for coffee."
Adam nodded and continued on his way back to the motel room on the outskirts of the center of town.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I sense a “but” coming?” Crowley said.
"Cas I-."
Dean sighed as he packed the trunk of the Impala and looked over at the rest of his family giving fond handshakes and hugs to Jody on the steps of her house. The Sheriff kneeled down and smiled at the kids, giving each of them a pat on the shoulder and Sarah nodded at her before taking off towards her papa. Gabriel placed an arm on her back and looked over at Dean with a solemn glance.
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
He’s been here before.
“Over ten years ago,” Sam started. “I went to college. You controlled our lives from the beginning, so now I know that you sent me there. It was part of your story, no doubt. Well, I took a creative writing course. A little meta if you ask me, making your character live out your dream, but that’s okay. I took the course anyway. You wanna know what I learned in that class, Chuck? What I took away from it about characters in a story?”
Flashes of Dean kissing all those women he'd loved in different ways went through Castiel's mind. He kept his jealousy at bay.
Then again, he wasn’t truly a person at all.
"You may have started this whole thing on the wrong side, but you proved a lot of things I thought wrong. You let Sam live after all he was groomed for and all he did. You sacrificed an entire family, all you ever knew, for my boys."
(See the end of the chapter for
The room was dark, with only one lamp on a side table on, and the bed was made with stiff sheets tucked in a hospital corners fashion. There was an empty desk across the way with a rolly office chair, but nothing else.
“And you’re offended, I take it?” Sam asked.
"I thought he was gonna kill me the first time we met," Bess said, setting down the dish and towel and leaning up against a pillar near Dean's seat.
“What I mean is,” Dean continued. “I was taught from a young age to repress my emotions. They were weakness. They were a distraction from the job at hand. I know now that my dad was wrong about that.”
“What about humans…who want to help?” Dean replied and Castiel cracked open his tired eyes and finally managed to look over.
He hadn’t meant to run away from Jack, but what the Nephilim had admitted had simply been too much to process in that moment and Clark had just needed some time away by himself to think about the words Jack had said.
The headphones attached to the laptop drifted up to Jack’s ears as the Nephilim put them on. He closed his eyes and let the music flow through him. The rhythmic beat of the drums, the synthesizers, and the artist’s voice all caused Jack to flood with emotion.
"It was not any more dangerous than the situations you and Sam put yourselves in at least once every week."
“Tired,” Dean chuckled. “Can’t complain otherwise though, and you?”
Before Castiel could say another word, Dean had thrown his entire body at the angel and gripped him tight. He’d pressed his face into Castiel’s shoulder and then looked him in the eyes. His hand had reached up to cup Castiel’s cheek in the same fashion Meg’s had and Dean’s forehead finally came to rest on Castiel’s as his eyes closed and a smile crept across his face.
Sam reluctantly nodded, research being his forte. Dean was easier to convince, as he swiped up the Impala’s keys and tossed them to Sam, motioning for his younger brother to start up the car. Dean then turned to Castiel, who had worn a disconcerting look since the moment he’d arrived.
“I think it’s about time we changed that.”
The angel was trying to keep his somber mood above water, but it had become increasingly difficult as he tried not to count the hours down from when he’d fallen from Heaven for a second time.
Castiel sat rigidly in the backseat. The entire backside of his trench coat was oily, and it ached something awful. Even just being in the Impala made Castiel’s emotions go haywire. The smell of Dean was everywhere. The thoughts of many a drive with the two Winchesters passed through Castiel’s mind. He clenched his jaw, shifting in the seat, and closed his eyes for a moment.
"Oh yeah," Holly said, closing her jacket a bit more to hide the stains. "I'm clumsy I guess."
He turned his head to see the Impala. Dean smiled proudly; his faithful car was still running even in the future. His smile turned to a look of worry though shortly after when he saw who was in the driver's seat instead of him.
After the brothers had loaded up the Impala, Sam posed the question of Eileen crashing with them for a few nights. He pressed the fact that she had come in handy on the last hunt and that she had even more vital information to share regarding other creatures she'd encountered recently. He mentioned it would be good for them to have somebody else around, forcing them to be at least somewhat social.
"Tell me." Dean demanded.
He needed a distraction.
The twins barreled out the door, waving to Jude as they went and giggling up a storm. Their laughter soon disappeared to the other end of the house and the music room was quiet. Jude entered with a smile on his face. Clarence spun around in his office chair to greet him.
“Or you know,” Sam shrugged. “Just to check in.”
"None of us can change our fates," Cathalsis replied, getting up from the bench both of them sat on. "They simply just happen as they're intended to."
"I would have been happy," Sam assured her. "Even if it had happened. We would have figured it out. I promise."
“Buy me dinner first why don’t you?” Dean fumbled over his words, smirking a tiny smirk up at Castiel when the angel came face to face with him. Castiel felt his cheeks begin to flush but ignored the sick hunter’s ramblings and helped Sam lift Dean up into the cold water in the bathtub.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m afraid I don’t follow. We are hot? Should we just stand inside the freezer for a moment then? Will that help?” Jack cocked his head, still feeling that feeling of loneliness and longing deep down inside. There were other things swirling around in his gut, but those two were the strongest.
Oliver Thompson smiled to himself when he pulled up to his house.
Read and Review!
Today it was sitting in his recliner in the living room, stuck in a memory from about thirty years prior.
Isolation bred thoughts of helplessness, and now that he’d grown in age, Daniel felt an even stronger desire to help the cause than ever before.
Ron felt a few tears leak from his eyes, down his cheeks, and he hung his head ever so slightly at the sensation.
It wasn’t long before Dean was abruptly jerked into another timeline. One that didn’t involve Castiel or angels.
"And I suppose you'd know," Dean replied sarcastically. "I thought angels weren't supposed to fall?"
Dean's was out the moment his head hit the pillow.
"Go to the trunk of the Impala," he said, still not thrilled about the idea. "And pick out a gun."
“Still nothing, my liege.” A demon bowed its head ever so slightly, taking up residence on Crowley’s right and the King of Hell sighed.
"Sammy did something stupid," Dean said. "That's why I yelled at him. That's why he hates me right now."
Now, Dean stood before his bed, and tried to pick his words carefully.
He couldn’t really see Castiel either, and he suddenly realized how tight he was clenching his fist and how he hadn’t listened to or retained a damn word either of the people at the table had said in past ten minutes.
Dean listened with intense curiosity. He thought back to the day he’d found the tissue in the Impala and the almost immediate effect it had had on him. He watched Castiel’s expression as the angel spoke. Timid, slightly ragged. Castiel was slightly hunched, as though he was trying to hide something and was failing.
“Let’s practice our powers,” Sarah said. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen what you can really do.”
Dean’s mouth was slightly agape at the sight of an ancient Castiel, hair still a mess despite this not being his latest vessel, clothes still disheveled, and eyes still as blue as the brilliant sky even after his angelic power settled.
“Don’t let the Winchesters and their angels hear you say such a thing,” Titan growled, his blue eyes glinting in the light they stood under. “They’d disintegrate you in a moment without hesitation. Plus, you already know how I feel.”
"Hey princess it's time to get up," Future Dean said through the door to what Dean assumed to be his future daughter's bedroom. "You've been in bed all day."
Castiel stared as though Dean was the most beautiful thing in the world, and he didn’t even need to say it to convey it.
Dean pocketed his iron and let her words take residence in his head. He suddenly felt as though all his limbs were going numb and he walked without much thought past the train tracks into the cemetery.
“I understand,” Kevin said, and another yawn left his mouth.
"I suppose I don't have much of a choice do I?" Dean sighed.
The entire family had chosen to be skeletons to commemorate the kids’ first occasion of the holiday. It was simple and easy, and not reflective of anything Sam and Dean would sooner stab a blade through to kill on any other given day. Daniel gave an awkward smile, revealing his perfect white teeth, and his blue eye and green eye stood out powerfully against the makeup.
Feels all around. I wanted to break y’alls hearts one more time if the finale and the episode “Despair” didn’t do that enough already. Don’t worry, this is the good kind of break though. The kind that leaves happy tears at the end.
“Look Cas,” Dean sighed. “I saw some things when that Baku or whatever was in my head. Some things that I don’t believe belong to me.”
There were love spells. There were sickness spells. Hell, there were get rich quick spells and age reversing spells. Not that a witch would have any reason to put those on a hunter, and Dean had yet to see any side effects that would lead him to believe it had happened.
Dean clinked his glass against Crowley’s and took a long sip. When he turned the bottle back down from his mouth, he was met with a chorus of claps and hoots and hollers as Titan dipped Meg, who was smiling from ear to ear, and a small band of silver had suddenly materialized around her finger.
Dean almost thought he was going to be sick again. Upon seeing the flames in the ground, smelling the burning of bones and salt in chilly midnight air. The stars and moon fully out, shining for all to see.
“I’ll be there before you can count to ten.” Titan reassured her, allowing his hand to linger in hers as she drifted back towards their bed and out of their bathroom.
“I wanna do it Papa!” Sarah exclaimed and Gabriel, though shocked, backed up and ushered her forward.
Chuck motioned to the image and two humans appeared, one wearing rags and the other wearing what would be close to riches in olden times. The pair were fighting, the raggedy man holding his hand up to guard his face as the other richer looking man held a weapon above his head to strike.
A coppery taste filled Dean's mouth and he reeled to the right, face in the toilet bowl, as the contents of lunch from earlier came up. His legs shook, his knees dug into the tile. He dug them harder. He deserved to hurt.
"Feel like an ass about it."
"No more running," Dean's voice was surprisingly calm. "No more lies or secrets. You tell me the truth and first of all tell me how you're even here right now because from what I've interpreted here today you don't even exist yet?"
Overshadowed by a desire to pull Castiel to him and never let him go.
“That rules out vampires,” Dean said. “The moon cycle rules out werewolves.”
"Why?" Sam asked him.
Daniel awoke and jumped out of bed, throwing the covers away from him as he did.
He watched them concentrate, muttering magical words he couldn't hear, and slowly the men before him and Gertie became wolves. Dean had never seen a full-blown transformation before, only just the bare minimum claws and teeth. They looked like actual wolves, on four legs, and Garth looked back to his wife, guiding Gertie with his snout, and they all took off running into the woods, letting out loud howls into the dark night.
“I know,” Dean groaned, leaning back into the back of the car, and allowing the rising sun to beat down on his face. “It’s just before now…after Jamie I swore…”
Ron bit his lip, his anger and disbelief rising the longer he stood in front of his family. It felt wrong, even calling them that, after all he’d experienced with the Winchesters and the rest of Team Free Will.
He couldn't see Castiel, the angel had made sure of that fact as he watched, invisible, from the doorway. The angel sighed and turned his head in shame. It was his fault Dean felt this way, but there was no approaching a snake as poisonous as this one without getting bit.
“I feel like the only one here who hasn’t done much for the cause,” Adam continued. “My brain’s been a little Hellfire scrambled, ya know.”
Daniel's face lit up and he jumped up and down excitedly. The radio was softly playing in the living room, set to a local station. Dean was shocked; it was so rare that Dean didn't play rock and roll:
Sam nodded and took off for his room, quickly shutting the door behind him. Drew had a confused look on his face. LeSalle just stared and cocked his head.
Jessica would want him to finally be happy, Chuck rest her soul.
See you in the next chapter!
More echoing laughter, but this time it was real.
"It's something me and Uncle Sammy used to do okay?" Future Dean tried to shut the trunk. "We don't do it as much anymore…"
Jay swallowed hard, looking Dean in the eyes with lidded eyes of his own, and he panted as he turned to face where Dean was staring worriedly.
The creature he had shared all of himself with.
"You just look like somebody I know," Dean replied, sort of sheepishly. "And somebody I used to know."
"Like hell," she sighed. "I apologize for cussing, but seriously."
“Fill the deep reservoirs of his heart,” Aiden cupped Castiel’s cheek and whispered to the angel. “And you’ll finally be satisfied.”
"I am literally dying…"
Read and Review!
I will see everyone when that chapter comes out! If you're in the path of the two hurricanes down south, stay safe and evacuate if you're told to. Stay safe from COVID as well.
"Did anybody ever tell you that you're the best?"
“A true hunter.” Dean snorted and took another sip of his coffee.
Dean was about to protest, but he saw the innocent cutesy look in Gertie's eyes, coupled with the fact that so many other of Garth's guests were dancing, and he complied with a nervous smile.
Cloaking themselves meant a longer hunt for the duo. Something Dean normally would not have minded. He had loved the thrill of the chase ever since he’d first started to hunt monsters, but things were different now.
It was as though Crowley knew something he didn’t. There was something telling, yet not aloud, in his smirk. Yet, Ron said nothing, and followed instead.
“And ever since then there’s been this…divide between us. Sure, I took care of him. I made sure he was alive to see this day. I love him.”
So Central Rain by REM
"Of course," Dean rolled his eyes and let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. "Another angel. Listen sister, whatever it is that you're selling I ain't buying. You angels have messed with my head enough over the years. Especially that archangel brother of yours Gabriel, talk about a royal dick. So whatever lesson you're trying to teach me I'd rather you shove it up your lily white ass."
She’d barely managed to let out a scream before her existence blinked away like a shooting star.
It was even stranger they’d allowed him into it, without hesitation, after all Crowley had put them through over the years.
"So is driving a car," she replied. "So is every time you walk outside. No one knows what's going to happen to them dad."
(See the end of the chapter for
The brothers heard radio chatter and Jody responding from the other room after getting up to listen. She immediately began to shrug on her coat and adjusted her badge.
“I feel sick.”
Not all of the memories were his, Dean had gathered that much, but it still didn’t explain whatever had a hold over him. There were so many monsters who relied on memory and dreams to feed themselves. It could be any number of things. Dean figured eventually something would give it away.
The hunter made his way out of the room to start a pot of coffee. He knew Castiel and the other members of the Distinguished Angel Council would be waking soon, joining those up in Heaven who were eagerly continuing the hunt for whatever disturbance plagued the Earth this time.
He was beautiful, in the purest of forms.
He always would be.
The smell grew stronger and Dean leaned over the nearby wastebasket to see another tissue was half buried under a few empty granola bar wrappers. He moved the wrappers with the back of his hand, biting his lip when he released more of the earthy rain scent and stared at the same oily substance as before on the tissue.
Dean hadn't said a word to him since they had started the actual hunting of the werewolves. It was petty, the arguing that had ensued, and now Dean's silence, but he didn't care much.
"Thank you Captain Obvious," Dean turned to her then back to Sam. "But seriously? I'm not letting some…trickster douche turned archangel hurt my brother."
Jack moved without hesitation, to Clark’s side. He stared down at the boy, taking in every inch of his pale skin. Every crevice and crack. Everything that made him beautifully human. Clark’s skin felt hot against Jack’s hand when the Nephilim placed it upon his arm.
"I come bearing peace offerings," Future Dean said. "And a chance to explain myself."
“I wouldn’t have it any other way.” Dean nodded and gave Castiel his food. The pair dug in, immediately lost for words upon tasting the grilled patties. Castiel rolled his eyes in bliss and reached for the ketchup.
“I have witnessed the loss of ma entire family,” LeSalle kept going. “I have been called every horrid name under the sun. I have seen the truest of power and harnessed it just as easily, but nothing compares ta love. There is no power on Earth stronger, no force greater. No words or love songs can encompass ma feelings for ya. I will love ya forever ma Drewby, and if there is life after that, I’ll love ya then too.”
“Lay off the air quotes, dude, we've been over this. And yeah, we don't have any leads yet, but once we've got boots on the ground I'm sure we'll figure it out. And if we can't, I'll text and you can root through the library for us. K?”
First, an eye roll:
Back when they were crammed into a tiny dorm room together, Dean hadn't given any of it a second thought. Space was limited, and cuddle puddles were a classic part of the homesick student experience. After his feelings for Cas had deepened, he'd gotten a little greedy about it, hoarding those moments of casual touch and letting them warm him from the inside all week. It had been one of his guiltiest little secrets, actually. He'd never considered that Cas might be doing the same thing.
C:  Yes, three dumbasses with Daddy issues has turned out to be the sweet spot.
He dumps one of the bags onto the bed, pouring out a pile of decorations. "Guess we both had the same idea, huh?" he remarks with a grin. They take turns pulling items from the heap -- garlands, tinsel, ornaments, candy canes, even a handful of chocolate dreidels -- and adding them to the decor of the room.
“Yes, I was wondering about food.” Cas peered at his husband. “You seem flushed. Were you just...
And then Dean's naked. In bed. With Cas. Although the blankets are already becoming wonderfully warm, he feels himself start to shake, almost undone with emotion. He's
“I love you, Cas.”
“What do you mean, you don't wanna be my buddy any more, Cas? You pissed at me?” Dean's tone has completely changed. He's not bossing Cas around with his Overbearing Mom voice any more. Now he sounds hurt, and a little bit scared. His body language is different, too. He had been relaxed, propped solidly against the door, but now he seems to have shrunk. His shoulders are curled in towards his sternum like he's protecting his heart from an oncoming blow. Cas's own heart gives a twinge to see him like that, and he steps forward to wrap his friend in a hug.
Dean laughs and closes his eyes, picturing Cas sitting rumpled and pillow-creased in his brother's second-best bed. The image fills him with warmth. “I would never try to come between you and your first true love. Make sure Sam makes you a pot of the expensive stuff, angel. He wanted you sleeping there last night, so he better treat you like an honored guest today.”
The man in front of him is clearly sloshed. He's unsteady on his feet, weaving gently back and forth while he struggles to maintain enough focus for a conversation. He's dressed as Batman, in a movie-ready rubber bodysuit that clearly set him back some significant coin. The only parts of him Castiel can see under all the latex are his lips (pink and plush), his chin (strong, artfully stubbled), and his eyes (very, very green).
I want more than that. More
He cleared his throat once, then again. “Good morning, Dean,” he offered. “I apologize for my unprofessional behavior. Usually on Thursdays no one comes in until close to 10. What brings you here so early?”
In the far corner of the lot he could see some sort of... stand? There was a folding table and two chairs, a couple of small objects on the table, and some sort of sign rigged above the whole thing that hung from the lights above. The sun was more than halfway below the horizon now, though, and the light was dimming to dusk. From where they stood the contents of the table, and the writing on the sign, were unclear.
“As long as you're keeping the bed warm while you do it, I don't mind. In the morning I'll give you something better than your thumb,” Cas muttered as he pulled himself laboriously to his feet.
you can do about it right now. It's...” He pops his head up off the pillow and squints at the clock. “3:23 a.m. Not a time for decisive action.”
"We should be back in the Bunker by now," Dean spits. The walls of their cheap motel room still vibrate from how hard he'd slammed the door on his way in. "It's Christmas fucking Eve and we shouldn't still
The grass had been cut, left shorter but still soft, and a room-sized space had been cleared. White fairy lights were strung on poles around the edges of the area, and more strings of lights crisscrossed above it. A rough-hewn picnic table stood in the center of the clearing, covered with a white tablecloth and loaded down with a bountiful harvest of dishes and bowls of food. To the side a wooden porch swing, heaped with throw pillows and colorful blankets and suspended from a sturdy steel frame, swayed in the breeze.
to talk, or he would be asleep right now. He usually drops off first, content to snuggle in to their bed and drift into unconsciousness. Cas isn't going to let him duck into self-doubt or embarrassment in an attempt to hide from whatever conversation he'd tried to start. If he's been working something over in his head, they need to hash it out now or else neither of them will be getting any sleep tonight.
Taylor Swift sang, “missing him was dark gray, all alone,” and all Dean could think was
“Does Your Crush Give You Hugs?” Ah, Cas's hugs. He'd never tell another soul this, but sometimes the bear-like hug he gets from Cas at the end of a movie night is the highlight of his entire week.
from me, Dean? I've known you for three minutes and you've insulted me twice. Why did you even come up to me in the first place?”
Okay, that's weird. “Company” probably means Dorothy is over, which means Charlie is unavailable to chat tonight. But why is she so sure he'd be talking to Cas?
The hunter scoffs. “Self-harm? I'm just tryin' to lose some flab, dude. Got a little spare tire action goin' on.” He grabs his belly, jiggles it a bit.
Dean blushes. “Yeah, me too,” he replies, then his expression becomes stern. “If I let go, are you gonna hit the floor?”
C: What do you mean?
C: I have a tattoo.
“Okay.”
“I like that name a lot better,” Cas says with a grin.
D: You were right. Bronze knife dipped in salt and vinegar did it. I smell like a bag of chips but the thing's dead. All of the vics are here in the lair. They're skinny and confused, but they're alive.
of us. I can show you. You can eat well and still lose weight, if that's what you want. Really, though, Dean, you don't need to change
Dean would never endanger their working relationship, and the success they've built together, for a quick fumble in the walk-in (even though that's a scenario he's envisioned in detail more times than he can count, especially when he's in the shower). It's time to admit, though, that what he wants with Cas has progressed light years beyond fumble territory. The walk-in fantasy shares equal billing these days with something much more domestic – a soft-focus vignette of the two of them making dinner together in the kitchen of a house they share. He imagines glancing touches, shared jokes, dropping a kiss on Cas's cheek as he hands him a whisk. It makes him ache in a way the dirty thoughts never do, with a sweet pain like pressing his finger against a love bite, and he can never keep away from the feeling for long.
He'd never been in the library this early before; that sign in the window had flickered on only a handful of minutes ago. (He'd sat and waited and watched it happen from the window of the coffee shop.) It felt like he was the only one in the whole building, which was admittedly kind of neat in a “Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler” kind of way. But there was a reason he was holding two cups in his hand, and he was disappointed and a little worried when that reason was not sitting expectantly behind the reference desk the way Dean had been anticipating, the way he'd
As evening neared, though, Cas began to want his dinner. A quick check of the garage produced no Dean, and no sign that anyone had been working in there recently. As he was pulling his phone out of his back pocket to send a “where r u <3” message, Dean came up behind him.
“Yeah, this is great. You're a genius.” Another kiss. “Sleep good, sweetheart. In the morning I'll make you pancakes.”
~~~~~~~
think before picking his answer. He wavers with his mouse, pointing to KIND OF and then hovering next to YES, back and forth and back and forth and then he cops out. I CAN'T DEFINE FLIRTING
“Well, it's our anniversary. The night I proposed. I wanted to take you back, you know, to the fair. But they're not holding it this year because of, ugh,
“Sure did,” Dean replied. “It was right after they opened.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Yeah, Cas, I'd love that too. A little sidekick running around the Bunker? I could teach them about engines, and when to flip a pancake. What if I messed it up, though? What if I was–”
. I'd like it to be a date.”
“It's a Roman toga. Historically accurate in every detail.” He knows it is; he did the research for an Ancient History paper last semester. Even the tunic underneath, which no one can really see, is the correct color and length.
“Shit, let me help you, sweetheart.” Dean grabbed the shoulders of the trench and slowly maneuvered his boyfriend out of its folds. “Ribs bothering you that much, huh? Okay, unbutton the shirt, then, let me get a better view. Mmmm, yeah, that's the stuff.”
The color on Dean's cheeks intensified. “Yeah, I, uh... Wanted to grab you before you made yourself a PB&J or something. Dinner's this way, c'mon.” He hooked a couple fingers into one of Cas's belt loops and tugged him towards the stairs that led out of the Bunker.
Through it all, his roommate waits, leaning back against the closed bathroom door with his ankles crossed and his hands in the pockets of his jeans. He doesn't speak again. Cas is grateful for the silence, but he knows it won't last. He starts a mental countdown:
“Your brother spent quite some time attempting to find a cure on his own before he called me for assistance. By the time I arrived, he was distraught. I asked him for privacy to heal you but he didn't wish to be separated from you. I'm sorry, I know you didn't want him to know about us, but I felt there was no way to argue without arousing his suspicions...”
, beloved,” Cas murmurs. “You're the best father I know. I watch you with Jack, with Claire, with Sam, with Jody's girls, with the kids we meet on hunts. It would be an honor to raise a child with you.”
“He won't wake up, Cas. He won't wake up, and it's been more than a day.” In person, Sam was even more frantic than he'd sounded on the phone. “I've been through every book on sleep in the Bunker, tried twenty different spells. Nothing touches this. He hasn't stirred.”
“Dude, your name is
“Skin to skin, Dean,” Cas chides. He plucks at Dean's clothes. “Take these off.”
So his family gets spaghetti and meatballs with extra cheese and garlic bread, and he has a small bowl of plain noodles. His family gets triple-decker club sandwiches with homemade potato chips on the side, he has a couple pieces of dry toast. He begs off of their usual sit-down dinners together, claims pressing business in his room or under his car. He says he filled up tasting the food while he was cooking it. He fixes everyone's plates and then just fucking dips, driving out to Lawrence to complete a list of errands that are in no way as urgent as he makes them sound.
So he cuts out meat. And cheese. And eggs, and basically, if it tastes good? He's not eating it. He's still making it, of course, because he has to feed his family. So the good stuff all goes to them, and he nibbles at the scraps.
“Well, you know me, I'm a huge proponent of healthy exercise,” Dean blurts, grabbing Cas's hand and dragging him down the hall to his room.
“We can make a little bit of it a little better. Don't scoff at me. I'm serious. Look, tomorrow is Sunday. Well, actually, it's Sunday now but I refuse to participate with it for another five to six hours. If you settle down now, try to quiet your mind and get some sleep, I'll take you out to see the ladies before breakfast.”
Instead of replying, Cas chooses this moment to pull himself to his feet and attempt to gather his wits. He takes the cup Dean is still holding out to him and drains it. Then he brushes his teeth, wavering back and forth only slightly as he stands at the sink under his own power. He's starting to sober up; he can almost
“I'll think about it. Let's go sit on the porch and you can sober up a little. I'd like to find out if there's a personality under that mask.”
“You breakin' up with me, man? Because you'd need to ask me out first for that to work.” It's a lame joke, born of a desperation to distract, to defuse the tension between them, and it falls completely flat. Cas bats it aside like so much warm air.
Dean wants to stab him right in his smirking fucking face.
. S'what I was tryna tell you t'night.”
“There are two prizes here, and two of us.”
"I gotta--" The hunter runs a shaky hand through his hair. "I gotta get out of here for a little bit. I saw a strip mall a couple miles down the road, m'gonna go grab us some dinner and a coupla six packs."
is his own. For the first time ever, he can sleep as many hours a night as he likes.
“Well, yeah, Cas. I remember everything you tell me. Like, a couple weeks ago you told me about a new Italian place that was opening up down the block...”
When they're done, Dean produces two large clamshell containers from another bag and sets them on the table with a flourish. "Dinner for two from our favorite burger joint," he declares. Turning back to the bags, he lays a few more items on the dingy bedspread. "Bottle of cheap red," he narrates, "And pie, obviously. Then after we eat..." He hands Cas a copy of Battleship and a jigsaw puzzle. "Games," he announces.
He stood for a moment in the vestibule, taking deep breaths of lovely, warm, book-scented air until his heart stopped punching the inside of his ribs. Then, moving with the utmost care to avoid even a drop of coffee falling to the spotless marble floor, he passed the stairs to the children's section and approached the main reference desk.
