"Yeah yeah, its alright I was training and didnt pay attention" Steve replied. He just wanted this attention off him.
"I have sent over the recordings with Ross to the council and they are putting him up for a Trial. After that he will be done Tony for sure" Nat said.
"Dont say that Tony. I know you are stressed. Is it because of Steve or Ross? I can send them both to Bermuda Triangle you know. What is wrong Tony talk to me please" Stephen whispered. He took Tony's hand into his.
"You are not allowed to enter my lab Strange I told you to keep this circle outside my lab" Tony sighed.
"I mean some serious competition" Scott said from his place. Everyone looked at him. "What? I am just saying what you all are thinking and it is better to size him up Cap" Scott said.
"Yeah she controls her abilities fine that is why on the first day I had to tell Friday to issue code Whiskey" Carol replied looking at Wanda. Tony thought here we go again and wante dto interrupt but Nat just moved her head indicating to stay out of it.
"Okay, guys we now know it is Ross so we could probably start looking him in more detail. We have had a very shitty night and half of the day is gone so let's search whatever we can. Let's pull up all the files, recordings whatever we have on Ross. I will check on Peter and Rhodey and had down to my lab we can meet up at dinner and discuss it after. Sounds good?" Tony stated. He just wanted to know Ross's game plan. In the end, it was his fault for trusting him and see where it got everyone. Everyone nodded and started to scramble. Stephen looked at him to make eye contact but he just ignored it.
Somewhere where human beings actually considered the fact that stepping on another man’s foot might cause the guy a degree of pain.
The old lady is stubborn, but as Tony steps into the room, he’s glad he’s taken her up on her offer. He’s exhausted and the bed in front of him looks far too appealing.
Steve still remembers the harsh things Bucky had said to him, with total disregard to what he was going through.
“Steve,” Tony raises both brows, concern filling his brown eyes. Steve realizes he’s probably given himself away. “Why don’t we do this? Why don’t we just pretend that I’m not Tony Stark? Pretend there’s no upcoming movie and no fans. No parents, no tabloids. And just see where we end up.”
“I always wanted him to,” Howard shrugs. “I wanted you to give it up even more though. But Steve Rogers made it so easy for me after our meeting today.”
“Not young enough for you,” she quips. It’s always hard saying no to Tony. And not just because he’s as gorgeous as he is. Not just because he’s sweet and smooth and downright the only decent guy who’s ever shown any interest in her. There’s a whole list of reasons she has to want to say no to him. Even though it seems harder every time.
Tony considers the sound as he pushes deeper still, tasting Steve, letting his tongue explore while Steve unintentionally accepts wholeheartedly.
Tony rolls his eyes, gets to his feet and walks to the door, well aware that Hill is right on his heel.
“Oh God,” Tony moans breathlessly when Steve moves lower, his sweaty palms finally snaking into Steve’s partially damp hair.
“Finally, someone with some sense,” Steve laughs, suddenly a lot more comfortable and undoubtedly due to the fact that he thinks that someone actually shares his view. “They’re just shoving how better their lives are in our faces and people actually buy into it.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, “he’d been hiding it from Zane the entire time. He’d been going through clinical trials back home without telling his boyfriend, but it finally becomes clear to Zane why Jake had been acting strange prior to his departure.”
“He did, Tony,” Stan nods, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. “So everything is sort of at a standstill at the moment. He had a talk with your father and-”
He happens to pick out the one where his son is accepting a kiss from another boy in a swimming pool. He doesn’t look at it though. Instead, he holds it up inches away from Hogan’s face.
“I have no idea where you store all of that,” Pepper says, patting Tony’s flat belly and then gesturing to the plate of donuts on his lap.
“By dropping the needle,” Tony answers his own earlier question that Steve had forgotten he’d asked and it really makes no sense to him and Stark presses a button and music fills the hotel room.
Tony Stark peers into the empty room. The vicinity that had once held Steve Rogers’s belongings now looks like just another hotel room. The luggage is gone, the gifts are nowhere in sight. All that’s left is a dedicated maid and hotel furniture.
“Yeah, well you better start counting your days,” Hogan scoffs spitefully. “Howard is especially not too thrilled with you at the moment.”
Tony feels bad when he opens his eyes again and even in the near dark he can see pain cross over Steve’s face.
“Ms. Hill,” the assistant says timidly from the door, grabbing everyone’s attention, “Thor Odinson is here.”
And then Tony moans when Steve pushes back, depth dilated and cock hard, hand more adventurous when he manages to work it into Tony’s jeans. More dominant when his middle finger slips between Tony’s cheeks and the shorter man nearly breaks the skin on his back.
Tony looks around himself, blankly taking note of his surroundings. Steve’s hotel bed is unmade, pillow still softly dented. The light from the television is the only thing illuminating the room.
He didn’t know what to expect from Tony’s mother after receiving an utterly ominous, deceitful greeting from Howard.
“Can it wait?” Tony swings the duffel bag over his shoulder, “I was really keen on just heading home and-”
Hogan clears his throat, a completely obvious yet subtle warning that she is seconds away from getting them both fired.
“He left with his father just yesterday,” she informs. “Got shipped by the ambulance and everything. I wouldn’t expect any less, I’ll tell you that much. Not with what the hospital bill looks like.”
“As a matter of fact, Laura,” Tony doesn’t think twice before nudging a half unwilling Steve to the front line, “this young man right here. His name is Steve Rogers. He’s my co-star.”
Steve notices Tony’s face go from genuine amusement, to a tight, forced smile. He notices this happen the second he stares into the eyes of a beautiful, red-haired woman.
And this time Tony does laugh and Steve can’t help but do the same, even though their hands are still clasped and his boss’s lips look so inviting in that curve that Steve can actually taste them.
Tony smiles, admiring her sass. She’s clearly been spending far too much time with him. The attitude seems to be rubbing off.
Tony takes his time walking to the bathroom with a slight sway. Once safely inside, he shuts the door and leans back against it.
“Do you know what’s really working my last nerve?” Howard asks, eyes cast down at the magazine splayed out in front of him.
Steve goes silent, eyes going wide as he looks at the picture on the coffee mug that’s being handed to him. Looking from the mug to the smiling sender leaves no room for questioning. Sure, the mug does portray a well-groomed young man, with perfectly spiked hair and a bad-ass attitude. And sure, the person standing in front of him looks the complete opposite with his hair all shaggy, dressed like an ordinary kid with a friendliness that matches the intensity of his bright brown eyes. But Tony knows Steve finally sees it.
Steve rolls his eyes, clumsily getting to his feet. He picks up his half-finished can of beer and downs it before placing the empty can on Tony’s nightstand. Steve may have beaten Tony thoroughly in the video game department, but Tony had done a whole lot better than his guest when it came to drinking. So much so, that he’d past out for a good three hours.
Nothing’s changed. The main reason Bucky left in the first place is still there. The main thing, the only thing that Steve and Bucky were constantly fighting about.
They know they’re targets, their every move is being watched by vipers such as himself. They know that they are giving up the private life for one wherein their every move will be a headline somewhere.
Then Tony is yanking his shirt over his head as Steve spins them around pressing Tony into the wall. Their lips met again, this time, all hesitation cast aside. As if been taken over by a new wave of avid flame, all that Tony knows is that he wants this. He wants it so badly that he wastes no time unbuckling his own belt after removing Steve’s top.
“Yeah I know,” Tony agrees with his back towards Steve, pouring a fresh pot of coffee into a mug. One of the promotional mugs that Lee keeps on his shelf. It’s a beautiful black mug with Tony Stark’ name and face on it. “Like these rich kids on television have nothing better to do with themselves other than party and screw each other.”
Tony tosses the pillow aside and props himself up on his elbows. A tiny wave of anger flashes through him when he realizes that Steve has far surpassed his own high score.
Tony thinks for a while, taking in the audience disappointment. With a tilt of his head and a twinkle in his eye, Tony sits back and clears his throat.
Steve is so grateful that he doesn’t even have to try not to laugh because there is something about touching Tony again that has him incomprehensibly aroused.
“Who’s next?” Rhodey asks no one in particular as he tiredly flips to the next portfolio. “Steve Rogers.”
“Please,” he’s slightly taken off guard by the enthusiastic hand grabbing him, ushering him in without room for objection, “Come in. Oh my, can I get you anything.”
“Your family, Tony,” Steve holds Tony’s challenging glare, “it feels like I’m in the way of your reconciliation. In the way of…sort of… everything.”
“Are you kidding me,” Tony lays back down with his hands behind his head, “You were a few seconds away from needing an exorcism.”
Steve cocks his head to the side, hating the way he’s unable to completely vanquish his smile. He’s looking at Tony thoughtfully and Tony is watching him hopefully.
“Hello, Ms. Wanda,” the young man smiles at the old lady, despite her inability to return it in the slightest.
“Elevator-making-out is so archaic, isn’t it?” Tony smiles even as Steve forgets to pause the kiss. Because Tony’s mouth is just as smart and talented as Steve feared it would be.
A few awkward silent seconds pass until Tony finally clears his throat. Because his heart has stopped pounding and his cock has stopped testing the strain of his briefs. When had that even happened?
He wants to keep it for as long as he can, the intricate design amusing him enough to arouse thoughts of getting a real one. Nothing as big though, he confirms, remembering how the thing looked when he’d turned his back to the mirror.
“Good morning,” Pepper says cheerfully, completely unaware of the conflagration she and Hogan have just stepped into.
Tony grins at his assistant, scoffing down another huge bit of deep fried dough before speaking. “Blame it on my trainer,” Tony says simply. He proceeds to munch on his third donut as Pepper watches him in disbelief. “There’s a table full of food that nobody’s eating. What the hell?”
This is certainly more enthralling than stealing innocent looks at each other during the day. Even better than the occasional inappropriate groping during their earlier football match.
Hogan nods as does Pepper. Usually they would have debated, but something about Howard’s demeanor today makes them both choose against it.
“Could you excuse us a moment,” Howard says to the make-up artist. Tony muses over how even the kindest of words that escape his father’s lips still manage to sound like a threat.
“Can we get a picture of the two of you?” one of the well-known and more respectable photographers asks over the heightened commotion.
Steve hangs up the phone, grateful for having a slightly justifiable reason in doing so. He turns around to find Tony eyeing his new Xbox collection. Tony whistles low running his fingers across the titles.
As Steve lets out a shaky breath, completely triumphant yet feeling extremely defeated, he does everything he can to clear his head of the past few minutes. Days. Weeks.
“So,” Bucky hangs over the partition like he has every single day since Steve and he became cubical neighbours fresh out of college, “since Stark so economically replaced you with another Steven, I guess that means we won’t have to change the name on the locker at the corporate gym.”
There’s an endless amount of ways this could end. Different scenarios that could play out. Tony wonders when he’d suddenly adopted such a negative attitude, because all the scenarios that do play out in his head don’t have favorable endings at all.
“Doesn’t this give you Déjà Vu?” Tony grins at the man as people rushpassed them, up and down, all acting professional.
“Where are we going?” Steve asks, quickly gulping down his cereal while wondering how Tony had pulled a disappearing act with his own.
“It’s not just Natasha Romanov,” Hogan begins, “it’s everyone. The tabloids, the seven o’clock news, the papers.”
And Steve officially has no idea what to believe anymore, the cheesiness of Stark’s choice of words suddenly conflicting horribly with the sincerity in the man’s eyes. The shaky pleas as he reassures Steve that he’s ready. The way he accidently moans Steve’s real name through the initial stretch of Steve’s throbbing cock inside him.
“Jarvis,” it’s louder this time leaving Steve to wonder just how many steps Tony took at a time. Or whether or not he truly needs his caffeine fix first thing in the morning as desperately as he says he does. Either way, Steve thinks it’s adorable.
He frowns as Tony maneuvers himself onto his knees, sighs satisfyingly as he takes in the lovely curve of his boss’s ass, but refuses to do much else even as Tony bends readily for him. Steve knows what he wants and he has a strong feeling that Tony wants him take control.
“Fresh from the bakery,” Tony says, placing the box between them. “Well, from the backery, and then they sat in my car for a while. The elevator ride up here is pretty long too so I guess they’re only half fresh.”
His hair is long, tied in a single, low ponytail. His jeans are worn and the black jacket that he’s wearing seems as though it had been tailored just for him. Tony doubts anyone else can pull that look off, but this guy does almost poetically.
One, because he’s been more worried about himself when Ms. Wanda was clearly worried about Steve. And then because the kitchen’s become silent, and Ms. Wanda’s eyes are intently searching his own.
“Well,” she begins, “you’ve done nothing but make the boy feel incompetent. You’re just as bad as Howard.”
“What do you want, Tony,” Steve finally says, consciously wrapping his arms around himself, looking rather naked in nothing but a pair of boxers.
“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting to hear you say that.” Pepper says with a sigh. “I think Tony should know that, though. I think
“Don’t you dare compare me to that man,” Hogan states sharply and Pepper can tell that she’s actually offended him. “I’m nothing like him. You weren’t there from the beginning - I was. I was the one who got him to school every morning, who made sure he was okay. I sat through all his troubles and listened to his girl problems when he hit puberty. I’ve always been there.”
The audience doesn’t seem to notice though as they cheer Tony’s big entrance onto stage. The talk show host stands as Tony nears, letting out her hand ready to shake his.
He isn’t sure if it feels more erotic because it’s wrong or it’s wrong because it feels entirely too erotic.
smile as Steve’s face reddens and he tries to search for words, lips parting and closing but nothing coming out.
She’d known it would lead to this. From the second she’d received the call from Tony’s friend to pick Tony up from the club; to the second she got into the car. Though she was always annoyed at the late hour and the situation, something perverse about the twisted predictable behavior thrilled her, knowing exactly where the night would lead.
She doesn’t regret stealing the attention away from Hogan for that second, even though the look Howard gives her is enough to open the gates of hell and drag her down.
“My dad,” Steve begins, “he’s, like, this extreme biker type. Used to play in two rock bands, blazed green, has fierce tattoos. He wanted to name me Harley, for God’s sake.”
“So?” Tony sighs, wanting Steve to continue. Continue speaking, continue running his hands over the subtle muscle in his outstretched arms, he doesn’t care. Just as long as Steve doesn’t stop.
“Oh,” Howard finally says, shoving the photo back into the envelope, “I had no idea I was paying you two to fuck on the job.”
Walking from stall to stall is one thing, but keeping idle proves to be even worse. It’s like fighting a current, swarms of eager bargain shoppers hurriedly passing left and right. None of who seem to understand the concept of personal space. The hotdog stand a few feet away holds way more importance than a little human decency. As do the charm bracelets and mood rings a few stands ahead.
Joseph looks up, only just realizing he isn’t alone anymore. Irritation quickly vanishes, a pleased look taking over the man’s face as he looks his son over.
Steve looks deep in thought for a second. Only for a second, before taking one last glance over his shoulder to the only window emitting light, and then back into the challenging eyes of Tony Stark.
After sitting with Ms. Wanda for the better part of two hours, he’s found out what he’d wanted to know. Steve’s truth. He didn’t really care about everyone else’s.
Hogan’s equally as shocked as Pepper. Maybe even more. But he isn’t making it as clear as Pepper is with her hand over her mouth and her eyes going wide.
“I know, I know,” Steven interrupts quickly as if trying to spare Tony the sheer misery of having to say the V word.  Both of his hands are gripping the kitchen island with white knuckles, boxing Tony in so that he can get what he so desperately needs to out. “I know you, Tony. And relax, there’re no roses or chocolates stupid big teddy bears. All I have is a question. And I would’ve done this differently and more beautifully but you crave simplicity. And this is about as simple as things can get.”
But something else intervenes. Something large gets in the way and it takes Tony a second to realize that it’s Hogan.
Tony didn’t see Steve that day. They were in the same building on two occasions, they never crossed paths. Pepper picked up on this almost instantly. Mentioning it to Tony was completely out of the question. So when Tony pushed an extra load of weights and did more pull-ups than necessary, she decided to let him work off his anger the way he saw fit.
“Hi,” she giggles for all of a second before quickly pulling herself together as if reminding herself that she’s a journalist before an enthusiast. “There have been rumors going around that Lee has already got a full cast for his next movie. Are there any other faces as glamorous as yours that will be featured in this movie, and if so, are you at liberty to tell us who?”
“Oh,” Ms. Wanda raises her brows, looking behind Steve as he enters the kitchen, “Bucky not staying for Dinner? How tragic.”
As Tony walks away, Steve wonders why he doesn’t feel satisfied that the balance in power has not only been restored, but has altogether shifted. And it’s weighing in his favor. The thought of no more victimization should feel magnificent. The idea of getting away with insubordination long enough for Tony Stark to know how it feels, to feel what he’s been putting up with, Steve should be basking in the glow of power he now has, the type Tony had tortured him with all this time.  Steve will finally get the respect he deserves.
He knows he’s angry, his rage is directed at no one and everyone at the same time. Mainly at himself for being so stupid. For not seeing what was right in front of him, offering itself so clearly.
And then he thinkst about how every single thing over the past few months has been completely unexpected. From getting the role in the movie, to embarrassing himself in front of Tony when they first met. From their first kiss in front of the world to Tony showing up at his door admitting his feelings. Their heated nights together and the initial bust of the affair. Every single moment had been a rush.
“I’ll give you a call some time,” Sharon says dismissively, placing his portfolio aside before sorting through her own papers.
“That’s what you said, like, an hour ago,” Tony frowns, propping himself up against the wall as Pepper digs in her pockets for her apartment key.
“Are you kidding me?” Hogan looks at the large, black French iron gates that prevent unauthorized entry into the Stark estate, “I couldn’t even get a word in. He was relentless.”
“No more celebs, Dad,” Steve grins, grateful that Tony’s able to fake a chuckle at his father’s terrible sense of humor. “I’ll send her in, okay?”
Tony isn’t sure what he wants from Steve. If he wants them to talk about what happened or just hopes they’ll just pretend it never happened. He tries to convince himself that it was nothing. It was a moment that got out of hand due to the initial kiss which was only brought on in the first place due to a line in the script. It would never have happened any other way, not without the script.
“That’s enough Lee,” Hogan says, placing a hand between his client and the overly passionate producer to act as a barricade.
“Listen to me,” Tony pushes on. His voice wasn’t loud, but it was evidently full of deep rage. “I know you spoke to him. What did you say?”
When several uncomfortable moments pass without a word, Steve grows slightly tense. Here Tony is, far away from home, dealing with the idea of everyone knowing a truth that he is just starting to learn how to handle himself. Who knows what the world is doing with the information. Who knows where it will all lead.
Tony picks up on this, watching Steve intently. He isn’t sure how to place exactly what he’s feeling, but he likes it. It’s a capricious sort of feeling. He knows Steve really likes him. That Steve wants him. He knows the affect he has on Steve.
“What are you talking about?” Tony’s instantly sitting up and Steve immediately feels like he has to explain himself.
They both laugh as Steve crawls over Tony, the undisturbed side of the bed looking plush and inviting Only, Tony doesn’t let him get far.
Firstly, even with the discarded lollypop and tossed baseball cap, the other boy still doesn’t seem to realize that he’s talking to Tony Stark.
“Mrs. Cart- I’m sorry, Sharon,” Steve carefully changes the subject, “I know I don’t really have a lot of money and probably not even the experience you’re looking for. But, I’m kind of just asking for a chance here. I’ll give you as much as I can…everything I have. I’m really desperate.”
“I would have to say when my father-in-law made his full recovery,” Tony says, becoming slightly serious. “I mean, doctors said he would never walk again. I’ll tell you now; he’s doing a lot more than walking.”
Steve’s body protests, limbs tight and aching with those lovely type of battle wounds one signs up for when spending a solid day in bed with a raging nymphomaniac.
“Screenplay, screenplay,” Lee mumbles to himself, carelessly shuffling past it a couple of times before grabbing it and holding it in Tony’s direction.
The studio is packed, not a single empty seat in the house. Tons of eager fans sit cheering, not listening to what the talk show host is rambling on about, and none of them really caring what’s being said.
“Yeah, right,” Steve rolls his eyes, shoving Tony’s white-shoed feet off the bed. “How did the conference go-”
Prolonging the issue wasn’t making it any easier, quite the opposite. And so Stan decides to dive right into it.
And all it takes is one look between Steve and the boss’s closed office door, and by the time Steve has shut down his station and their colleagues are clocking out, Bucky’s eyes are wide.
Steve aims for the prostate with every thrust as Tony’s moans transform from shocked pain to complete pleasure. He keeps them long and calculated until the heels of Tony’s feet start to dig painfully into his lower back in a nearly desperate pace. It’s all the confirmation Steve needs to throw caution to the wind and all the derogatory statements he’s ever made about how he wants to fuck the boss up, defrost into a molten, hot need to fuck the boss out.
“Something tells me you like it,” his boss quips, smile vanishing. All authority returning with a hint of something Steve has never seen before. Complete and utter need. Want. Desire.
Because Tony has far too much confusion to sort through; an act that will be impossible while the object of said confusion is around.
He remembers the ruckus in the kitchen from when all four of them battled for control over just how much mince should be added or garlic was needed. He remembers the ten minute debate on how bolognaise was not bolognaise without anchovies. Then there was also the short bustle to get mozzarella cheese away from Tony, one which he was still glad he won. Because, all in all, dinner turned out great.
They’ve been doing this all morning, admiring random craft displays in the busy flee market. Tony has purchased two engraved dog tags that are intricately hand-made and he’s even talked Steve into joining him in a round of questionable falafels that tasted worlds better than they looked. But frankly, Steve is more than ready to go somewhere much quieter.
A moment of silence passes and Steve finds himself holding his breath, praying that his father has taken it to heart when he had literally begged him to stop blaming himself for their mother’s death.
Tony Stark is completely accustomed to wearing a smile for Hollywood, even when his mood is shot to hell. He wonders if he’s pulling it off right, because to him, it doesn’t feel convincing.
“A hundred bucks says that’s not his real name,” Lee rolls his eyes, sitting back, seeming less amused as the hours go by.
Tony looks over at Steve who is running his fingers gently over the controller buttons in the white vehicle.
“It’s a tragedy,” Rhodey adds contemptuously before gesturing to the script in Thor’s hand. “Do you mind reading for us. Scene seven will do. Ms. Hill will run through it with you.”
It never really matters what is said by who on television, but photographs don’t lie. Steve had hoped that the time he’d seen them in Lee’s office would be the last.
“I’m sorry Tony,” Lee mutters. It’s so low that he’s certain no one can hear it. It doesn’t matter either way; Tony Stark has already left the office and slammed the door.
It started the second they saw each other again. The second Tony stepped into Lee’s office and his eyes locked with Steve’s. For only a second. And then Steve’s jaw clenched and he looked ahead of himself with stubborn determination. And it drove Tony crazy.
It makes Tony wonder why everything is so different now when he looks at Steve. Before, it was a fellow, obviously attractive, co-star. Now, he’s the essence of all Tony’s desires.
“I’ve been more of a father to him than Howard ever has.” Hogan frowns, looking away from Pepper, somewhat deep in thought. “I love him.”
In reality, Tony Stark is not simply just the boss anymore, Mr. Stark is also the man that Steve had sex with, showered with, shared plates and sipped bottles with. And he is certain that, to Tony Stark, Steve is just the jackass who walked out on him without saying goodbye, commandeering incriminating evidence that could destroy Stark’s empire in the process.
“I’m not trying to,” Tony shrugs. Momentarily, he forgets to hold his own weight, leaning onto Pepper a little more clumsily and causing them to stumble in the posh apartment building corridor.
“No, Tony,” Steve moves Tony’s hand away from his face, even though the light gesture clearly affects him. “You’re confused.”
“It has a rather delightful twist at the end,” Tony pushes the DVD case against Steve’s chest, urging the blond man to take it, “the protagonist has absolutely no idea that he spent all weekend eating out his new boss’s ass until he walks into the office on Monday morning to find the company under new management.”
Pepper sighs, feeling her mood sink as she takes in just how much shit all of them are causing Tony.
“Would you calm down and stop drawing so much damn attention to yourself,” Tony stands too. He reaches for Steve’s arm to stop him from walking down the narrow aisle towards the exit doors.
And the picture is titillating, Steven concedes as he slowly removes his own pants. It’s ferociously erotic by the sheer illicitness of the camera’s participation in what they’re doing. What Steve is about to do to Tony. What Steve will so eagerly turn around and let Tony do to him.
merchandise at a music store and then dazzle at a press conference. I was gonna bring you back a shirt but I know how much you
“I wanted to see how you’re doing,” she says, looking her son over in a slightly different way than he’s used to.
“Tony,” Steve grits out, head falling on Tony’s shoulder. He’s close, way too close. The sound Tony makes is somewhere off in the distance. It’s a moan. A questioning moan that’s dragged out by a frayed breath. Steve hangs onto it.
into his stereo in the lounge. It successfully removes all the distorted chanting rock music that Tony had been blasting all through dinner.
“Steve,” he instantly recognizes Stan Lee’s voice. “Sorry to toy you around like this, but can you still meet me this morning?”
Tony isn’t about to blow his cover just yet, not when he can see amusement brewing in the oblivion outlining the situation.
Staring at the script lying beside him on the bed, Steve is willing to do just about anything to drop all of this and go back home. The feeling only subsides when he thinks about the one thing that made him do this in the first place.
Tony nudges his head to the side to offer Steve a mute explanation and when Steve looks in that direction, he’s shocked to see Ms. Wanda standing some distance away. Ms. Wanda’s smile is gentle, completely knowing and comfortingly warm.
When all that the man does is - so very helpfully - point Steve in the general direction of the pub with the tiniest tilt of his head, Steve feels stupid once noticing that half the patrons fit his description. Including the band.
Steve runs his fingers through Tony’s hair, taking in the tired look on the boy’s face. He’s exhausted too. He sighs as he gently rocks the swing.
Her laugh is somewhat melodic with a cruel undertone. “If you can’t be a shady agent why not become paparazzi, right?”
And then he found himself nervous. Wondering if Steve was ever going to actually talk to him again. If they were still friends at all. He wondered if Steve had any goddamn right to even be angry with him.
A look crosses Steve’s face. One that tells Tony he’s right. He gives a knowing sad grin, toying with the notion of it being too late. Something else inside him refuses to accept defeat. If only he knew what he was fighting this time around.
Tony’s face instantly changes and Natasha feels shivers of joy run down her spine. She loves it, loves getting under her guests’ skin.
“Hey, Mr. Hollywood,” the grin is apparent in his dad’s voice, the usual carefree haze in his tone. “How’s it feel like being a celebrity?”
Steve had told Tony he was falling for him. That he liked him. That he wanted to be with him. Not in so many words, but it was known, by both boys. Steve had feelings for Tony.
There’s a companionable silence for the rest of the ride up, even the short walk to the room. Steve is still relieved when Tony wastes no time opening large doors to a balcony as equally posh as the room itself before offering Steve a drink.
“Please don’t hate him, Tony,” Maria puts space between them enough to see Tony’s face. Tony’s doing everything not to look her in the eye, a shameful pink tint crossing his face as his mother wipes the dampness from his cheeks. “Don’t hate your father. Please forgive him.”
“Hogan and Pepper left for Lee’s office this morning,” Steve gets another bowl out of the cupboard and proceeds to pour a considerable amount of Captain Crunch in them both. He honestly can’t picture Hogan eating such cereal in the mornings and so presumes Hogan must’ve purchased it for such Tony-related emergencies.
“Tony-” Hogan interrupts, giving the boy a stern look, “-does not have to make any decisions right now. He has enough on his plate, Lee. You know this.”
It’s the only file there and he feels his stomach twist when he lifts it, the name on the dotted line jumping out at him:
“Yeah,” Tony finally lets Steve go to press the button for the ground floor. “Weren’t you listening to Mr. Lee? The premier for
“Camera shy?” Tony flashes a grin only slightly less menacing than the red light the camera suddenly offers.
At the last red light before his street, he finds his mind drifting once again. Maybe there is a reason he can’t get passed all of this. Maybe there is a reason he can’t stop thinking about Steve and the kiss. There has to be a reason why it hurts so much, those few times that Steve had looked at him over the past few days and he’d seen nothing but ice in those usually fiery blue eyes.
“You two are fucking, aren’t you?” Bucky is practically climbing over the partition in complete and utter delight, refusing to let Steve deny it. And Steve is lifting his friend’s briefcase, dutifully guiding him to the elevator as Bucky demands details incredibly loudly under his breath. Steve is unable to offer any more than a smile knowing full well that it is confession enough for his friend who is ominously gifted when it comes to the art of throbbing loins. And Steve does plan on filling Bucky in on it later because Steve has shared everything with Bucky since the night he made the biggest confession of his life. The confession that only made their friendship stronger, not end it like Steve had tortured himself into believing it would.
“It’s alright,” Tony shrugs. He waves at them pleasantly and they eagerly wave back. When Tony shoots a look at Hogan over his shoulder, Hogan simply rolls his eyes. “Let’s see my father try and do that.”
“If you get me fired,” Steve sips his coffee, only barely resisting pouring it over his best friend’s lap, “you’re paying my rent.”
Steve and Tony had been spending most of their time together. They had a bond. They were friends. The kiss was just something else, it was good acting. It was dedication to the art of the business. It was so insanely hot that as Tony lay on his back that night, all he could think about was the stupid kiss. Steve’s lips, his hands. Steve’s body, smooth and hard against his own. Denial was pulling out all sorts of emotions that Tony was completely unaccustomed to.
“Oh hello, Steve,” Lee says cheerily, entering the office before Steve can speak. “I see you’ve met your co-star.
It’s an early Sunday morning and the place is abnormally vacant, but the few employees that he does walk past greet him with much enthusiasm. They have no idea why he’s been doing odd jobs around the studio of late. They have no idea why he is offering to get the crew coffee or spending hours in Lee’s office.
Steve looks back at Tony, brave enough not to move away even though they are far too close. Tony’s smile is so breathtaking; it has Steve’s heart beating even faster. He looks down at their joined hands for the first time and sighs with the tiniest grateful smile. And then Tony lets go all too quickly in Steve’s opinion, but just in time when he notices the valet swinging the door open.
“I wanted to,” Tony chuckles. “For the longest time. But time and work. There was never really any time.”
And by the end of it, it’s clear to see who their best candidate of the day is. But it’s even clearer that, Thor Odinson, though terribly impressive, is not at all right for the character he’s auditioning for.
Steve tries hard not to look over his boss’s shoulder, because Bucky is hanging himself with an imaginary noose in the next cubicle.
As she speaks, she sits back in the chair and reaches for her glass of the best dry red wine she’s ever tasted. She wants to compliment Hogan on his fine sense of cuisine, but takes into account that he may likely misconstrue it as an insult.
Tony puts the car into drive and bypasses his turn off. He can’t go home yet, not to the empty apartment. There’s only one person who’ll be more than willing to be in his company, even if it is to witness him fall apart. Pepper won’t mind even if he does show up unannounced. That’s what he loves about her. She will listen to him and tolerate his crap. He needs her more than ever right now.
Not even the knock on the door can remove either boys’ smile, though the intrusion is slightly annoying.
“Maybe you should take a little time off,” Maria suggests. “You don’t have to come home like your dad wants. Just, some time away from work.”
“My dad started it,” Tony says casually, “but it’s mine now. I’m kinda sick and tired of being Robert Downey Jr. I mean, the show was great, the people were great but it’s over now. And you know what, everyone is expecting me to take on another role as the high school heart throb with good hair and a bad attitude, but I’m not gonna do that.”
“A save button,” Tony says, smiling when Steve actually laughs. “No wait, hang on, there’s more. Then, they went on to invent memory cards.”
Tony grins a little too quickly in her opinion. Or maybe it’s just her over analyzing things. She isn’t sure.
“Oh good god,” Tony is placing the coffee aside and already turning to push Steve away as if only just remembering what day it really is, “how many times have I told you how I feel about –”
Stan Lee considers not mentioning anything at all, but that will only be holding off the inevitable. And he knows that if Tony is going to find out from anyone, it should be him.
“Nothing’s wrong,” she assures, putting out her cigarette in the ash tray on her desk, “I’m guessing I know why you’re here.”
“Perhaps,” Tony is suddenly back at Steve’s side. He clears his throat and tries again. “Perhaps you won’t mind staying a little bit longer to help me load it onto my computer. I do like having a head start with these things and I am just dying to see exactly how good it is.”
“No, mom, okay,” Tony’s shocked by the rise in his own voice. “Just stop. To hell with Steve, to hell with everyone. I’m sick of people telling me what to do. What to feel. I just wanna move on.”
Steve clings to Tony’s body when Tony suddenly takes control. His hips rocking and gyrating, causing immense friction in all the right places. Only the silkiness of Tony’s boxers and the tight cotton of Steve’s jocks between their bare groins.
“Where’s Jarvis?” Tony asks, even though he takes the proffered glass. Steve isn’t even offended by the way Tony’s eyes narrow as he sniffs the beverage. He knows it’s perfect. Jarvis privately taught him the technique countless times that week until it was so flawless that Jarvis couldn’t even tell them apart.
“You actually got her at a bad time,” the lady states, leading Tony into the partially empty office. “She’s collecting the last of her stuff. You’re free to wait for her if you’d like.”
“Okay, Sharon,” he says carefully. She can sense his nervousness and she loves it. “My name is Steve Rogers. I haven’t actually been to one of these things in years so I’m not quite sure what to do or what I was supposed to bring. I brought my portfolio though.”
has overtly come out of the closet. Ladies and Gentlemen, we’ve all questioned his sexual orientation and now we’ve been answered, as he  takes his ‘outing’ a step further by accepting a gay role from Marvel Productions’ producer, Stan Lee. All I can say is, Tony Stark, it’s about time. More news on this when we return.”
"Oh man this is brilliant it sounds like you are going on your first date ever" Rhodey couldn't stop laughing and now Tony was pouting.
"How is everyone else? Pete saw me like that is he okay?" Tony whispered making sure this conversation wont wake Steve up. He was worried, he did not want Peter to see him so broken.
"I am so sorry Mr Stark we did not know what happened. It was a malfunction and I sincerely apologise. We are going to take Mr Barnes in our custody and-" Ross was interrupted.
"I am going to think about it and after I see him and see how kids react I will make my final decision" She replied.
After breakfast Steve made sure to give Tony a long kiss. "Eww my eyes" Barton screamed. Tony was not complaining but this was surprising Steve was not the one to show affection this way. Wanda and Vision had gone to there quarters excusing themselves to get settled. Barton and Laura went to their floor as well as the kids were in school and they had some time alone. Peter was at School as well. This left Tony, Steve, Nat, Sam Bruce and Strange at the common room.
"Uncle Tony we missed you. When we are done can we please please work on our project" Cooper started
"Okay Hulk you know about the Trial please be nice big guy or else they will take Brucie bear and you away" Tony said.
When Tony came up he saw everyone was sitting at the table and waiting for him. His seat was in between Steve and Peter. "I am here" Tony announced and took his seat. "You are late Stark we have been waiting so long" Barton said. "Well I am never late everyone is just early not my fault..ouch" Steve elbowed him and he just gave him 'Wtf look'. After they were finish eating Pepper got up to make an announcement.
"Oh he said he had met Stephen before and has something important to do" Tony looked her and guessing she was lying. He gave her the eye and she whispered.
"Jim let him stay here we will come down in a few hours and you havent rested as well it is not good for you. Come on" Carol dragged Rhodey away.
Tony woke up still in a haze. He remembered what had happened and a smile made its way on to his lips. He tried smiling but he was in pain. Steve was here when he woke up last. All Tony could remember was bit a pieces of his confession. He looked at his side and saw the blonde holding his hand and sleeping with his head on Tony's bed. He looked around and saw Nat sitting on the chair on his other side.
"Welcome Avengers. We are prepared for the Trial. We will have Bruce's Trial first. There will be 2 other people with Ms Romanov in the room. We will evaluate what Hulk does around them and see the threat level. Mr Barnes you will have Mr Stark inside with you. Mr Ross has designed these task and he would be administrating them with his team." The council members explained the whole process. Ross stood there with a smirk which they all noticed but didnt comment.
"No Tony there is nothing to be-" Steve was silenced again by another long kiss which had turned into Steve moaning in Tony's mouth as Tony's hand grabbed Steve's ass.
"Guys they are on their way to the tower, all I know is that there was an explosion and I want you guys to check up on others. Nat check up on Clint he isnt in the tower and probably went for a vacation, Sam can you check up on Scott and Stephen can you check up on Peter?" Tony turned towards him. They all nodded and Nat and Sam left. Strange just stood there and touched Tony on his shoulder comforted him and left. Bruce, Wanda, Vision and Steve stood there.
"I know you dont know me properly and you are right to hate me but one day I hope you can forgive me. One day I can forgive myself for what I did to Tony. I did not know that it would cause so much damage. I am not asking you to like me. All I am asking is for you to forgive me and get along. Give me a chance. We will be going for work soon and I want you to be able to trust me in the field" Steve said.
Tony was working in his lab as usual, the little amount of sleep was enough specially when it reminded him of his Steve. His? really? what is he thinking he thought. Steve was not his and he had made that clear when he left him and picked "Bucky". No he needed to stop thinking and work on these new braces for Rhodey so he can have better movement. It was all his fault for loving him. All he can dream about was Steve crashing his shield in his chest. All those promises of I will never hurt you were lies. No Tony thought he is thinking again.
The door opened and Tony saw a table with candles and roses in the middle with some food placed nearby. He looked around and saw there were candles lit up and a comfortable place to sit on the ground with some blankets and pillows. Tony just stood quietly he felt loved. Steve was nervous and what if he had screwed this up. Carol and Nat helped him set this up.
After half an hour they both made it to the lab. Vision and Wanda had left to take a short nap and Nat and Bruce had an hour of sleep each. Sam and Stephen were still searching while Clint had a lead. "We found one of the guys who planted the bomb at the mansion and Clint and Nat have gone to get him" Bruce had informed Tony and Steve and now they were patiently waiting for them.
"I was just stressed about Ross. Bruce told you right?" Stephen just nodded. "They have taken matter into there hands and are not telling me anything more about Ross. I realised something Stephen, its time for me to let go the pass and move on you know. While I was dying I realised how much i still loved Steve and I might want him back" Tony whispered. Stephen smiled for Tony but he did not feel like smiling he wished he could tell Tony how much he liked him but he never wanted this friendship destroyed. Somehow Tony trusted him with his deepest secrets and he wanted this to stay the same.
"It was Steve's fault wasnt it. I knew he was bad news. I should have gone after him. He just ran out of the tower like a coward. Next time I see him maybe I will transport him to the Everest" Stephen said.
"Nat I juste realised one thing you know if places were switched. If it was Clint for you or Rhodey or Carol for me we would have done something similar. We would have protected them as well" Tony replied.
"Mr Stark is shifting in Stark mansion for a few days, he cant leave right now due to the duties here but soon he will be leaving here. Mr Stark I can help you pack pleaseee" Peter said and came to stand next to him.
"Nat it is all my fault, it is all my fault, it is all my fault Nat. Look what I did to Tony all my fault.." He kept on repeating.
"So I am sure this genius here have informed you about why am I here?" Stephen asked and everyone nodded.
"You know what I do when I get those nightmares? I think about all the happy times we had. Where you made me laugh, cry, angry and took care of me. I think about those memories and I feel better" Tony whispered.
"Tony, you and Nat have been in so many meetings with that guy. Surely you would have noticed something off right? anything which can lead to proof against him?" Steve asked. He was sure that guy like him would keep the secret close to him or hidden and if anyone could guess it would be his amazing genius boyfriend or his spy redheaded friend.
"I spoke to Carol you know" Tony sighed "I told her to give me a chance but then I understood where she was coming from you know how can I ask her to give me a chance when I cant give myself a chance. I have hurt you a lot" Steve moved his first hand which was dressed up by tony towards his face to touch his skin and Tony suddenly flinched and moved back. Tony was panicking in the bathroom all he saw was steve's hand coming towards him and he panicked he could remember Steve putting crashing his Shield.
"St-e-ve" Steve could hear someone calling his name. Shit Tony was awake. Steve looked at him and smiled.
"I am not ready Tony the Soldier still is in me and he is trying to take control. I want to go back under the process of cryonics. I cant hurt anyone else Steve" Bucky said. Steve just nodded. He knew bucky would blame himself and he just wanted the best for him. He wanted to stay at the tower but after what had happened maybe this will help Bucky.
"I am good Tony just worried about you and you know Happy he is always running around" Pepper replied with a smile.
"I don't know, I don't remember anything. What about you Nat?" Tony looked at Nat. She looked deep in thought.
"Nope, I have given up on them you should as well. Lets go I have to get ready and I will see you guys in the common room. Friday you know the drill girl.
"Thank you Bruce. I have some business I need to attend at the hospital in the afternoon that is why I am dressed like this" Strange motioned towards himself.
"Actually James I have made a hand for you considering I destroyed the last one so this one can be for free but for the next one you have to pay up" Tony said
"That was sudden" Tony whispers and Steve feels like he might have screw this up again. Tony saw the look at Steve's face and pulled his face in and kissed him hard.
"Oh yeah sorry" Steve saw the plastic cup with a straw and fille dit in and brought it to Tony. "Small sips darling" Steve held the glass and made sure Tony took small sips.
Nat looked up to him she knew it will be a bit too much for Tony. It was what only 2 days since they came back and he just cannot sit with them and start having dinner. However, he knew this would be the only time Cooper will sit with his father. He wanted them to be a family but he knew he needed a way out. Nat knew Tony well but she knew it made her feel awkward as well. She might have forgiven Clint and the others but if it was between them and Tony she would pick Tony. Tonys expression were hard to read. He did not want to say yes but he knew he had to leave the past behind. He knew when they decide to work on Accords that everyone will be back. Everyone was silent waiting for Tony to say yes or no.
"Steve calm down Tony will be okay" Bucky replied. But Steve wasnt listening all he could think was that he did this.
Tony just wanted to stay in his room and cry he knew he couldnt do that face the man who didnt even love him. The person who picked someone else over him. But he knew there were poeple who relied on him and were expecting him to show up. He looked at the wardrobe area which was still empty, where his clothe use to be. After Siberia he changed the whole room interior well Pepper and Carol changed it because of the panic attack he had like a baby when he entered his room and steve wasnt there. God knows what they did with his stuff Tony thought. He took his darkest sunglasses so no one could see the pain in his eyes and left his room.
Tony was on his way to the meeting with Ross. It was almost a week after Wanda left and his interaction with Bucky made him feel better. The feeling of letting all the hatred and anger go away felt nice. He felt light. His soul was not burdened anymore. The Winter Soldier killed his mama not Bucky. He always use to call her Mum in front of everyone because Howard did not like him calling here mama. She was gone and killed by one of the people in the house who did not even remember it and the ex love of his life knew all that and did not even bother to tell him. Did Steve actually thought that he was going to kill Bucky? Was he thought that about Tony.
"Hello" Hulk said softly. They had Peter in the room just to see how Hulk would react to new people in tomorrows Trial. Tony was not happy with this but he had made sure if something was going to happen to Peter Mark 42 will engulf Peter.
After a few hours, it was almost dinner time. Friday had placed orders and everyone had started to emerge with the information. Steve came up looking for Tony, he knew Tony was working and probably was still upset over something he would just talk to him in the night. Before going to get him Steve announced that he would take a shower and get Tony after that. While Steve went to shower Friday informed Strange that he was needed in the lab. When he reached the lab he saw Tony laying on the floor and breathing heavily. Stephen had seen this in the past he was having a panic attack. He rushed towards Tony.
Tony had shifted back in the tower and his sleeping pattern was monitored by Carol, Nat and Steve. They had Friday inform them whenever Tony was out of bed instead of sleeping. This earned Tony a call from Carol and Steve and Nat showing up on his floor. Some days Nat would stay over to make sure he was okay. When Pepper found out about Tony's heart attack she was angry at another level and Tony had to buy her a dozen of new shoes and flowers.
"Hulk protect Bruce. Hulk be nice" He said and turned towards Nat. Nat just smiled and started rubbing his hand.
Next morning everyone was ready to go. Bruce was a bit nervous but Nat had reassured him that it would be all okay. The results yesterday were really positive and Hulk understood the situation. Whereas Bucky was nervous Steve and Sam had came in to give him the prep talk but he still was not sure about this. Tony looked calm and collected but he was as nervous as everyone else.
"Did he just say my name?" Tony was shocked. Nathaniel was 2 but he didnt really speak up. He was a very shy kid who did not speak much if he wasnt comfortable.
He got a small duffel bag and threw some clothes in and found a ring, the one he bought for Steve before the whole thing. He thought he would propose after he gets bucky home from Siberia. He laughed at his fate, how things turned out. He opened the drawer where he kept Steves Tags the one he gave him on there one year anniversary. He use to wear them all the time. It was time to give him back. He almost cried but he remembered he had to be strong for everyone around him.
Nat smiled, at least he was being a bit normal. However, she was worried for tomorrow. She know just the mention of steve results in a panic attack or him being out of control but what will happen when they see each other. She knew that he loved him a lot. He always knew his location and diverted council to save his ass but he just was not ready to talk to him. Nat spoke to steve once.
"Yeah sure" Tony got up and sat on the comfy mattress on the floor which looked like a sofa bed Tony thought. It was comfy with pillows and blankets. Steve made sure Tony was bundled up as it was getting chilly.
"Jeez Steve shut up and listen to me okay?" Tony said and removed his hand. Steve felt the loss of Tony's touch. he just nodded.
“I don’t believe him!” antman said but he was not antman anymore he was gothman because he was goth now. His suit was da same but black and cool and goth wit mcr all over it and he had a knife. He jumped at thanos and I screemed bc I knew what was gonna happen.
I was in da stupid date wit thanos. He was talkin 2 me all sexy an stuff I knew he wanted 2 put his u kno what in my u know who after da date. But den…
“nooo‼‼” I screamed as I looked out the hole 2 the group and dey all yelled and tried to grab me but dey couldn’t. tony and vampire managed 2 get on da ship b 4 it flew away and I cried. I fell asleep.
Da wall blew open and everything exploded and dere was fire and yelling. In da hole in da wall there was a man in a red suit but it wasn’t red it was black and said mcr on it and had cool guns and knives coming out of it. He had a helmet on so I couldn’t see who it was. A man in a black suit but it had da face out of it and a black and red shield wit a pentagram on it was beside him. Wit dem was…… Natasha, Darkness, Thor, Eclipse, Demon, Bucky, hawkeye……
“omg shut the ^*%$ up he didn’t get away omg” I sad and got up but then I fell ovr into thots arms he caught me and all da boys obv lookd jealous butdidnt say anyfing. He held me rlly close.
I texted goobye to eclipse dmeona nd then we left. Tony took me outside and we went out to the back and we came to a sleek black car and the lisense plait said… scarle4ever t and the front one said mcr666. We got in and the car was a flying car it turned into a flying and we flew to the city where the concert was held.
“sh scar I am her 2 take u away and treet u like u deserve.” He said and he held me sooo tight that not even my powers could fite him but only because I was scared. If I wasn’t scared I would hav blown him up.
It takes a moment of Pepper just staring at Hogan’s discomfort with the situation before she moves towards him. Once close enough, she wraps her arms around his shoulders.
Steve notices the frustration on Tony’s face. His voice has become considerably louder as well. It snaps Steve out of the little fight they are having and brings him back to their surroundings.
“Well that’s where you’re wrong, my dear,” Tony holds his chin thoughtfully, oozing mockery. “If you’re talking about the orientation that I
“Your father is just concerned about you, Tony,” Maria says, placing a hand on her husband’s arm. “We’re all thinking about what’s best for you.”
Tony feels his stomach drop, hope dying completely. He wonders when the hell he’s going to catch a break.
“I never said that,” Pepper says defensively with a half-smile as she gets to her feet to make way for the return of Jarvis. “I just want to check it out.”
He looks back at Tony, questioningly. Tony knows what he was thinking. However, all his questions can be answered later.
Pepper shimmies her way out of the bed, completely unaware of the glare Hogan was shooting at her back.
“Tony, please?” the same man with the headphones from earlier urges Tony to keep following him. “Peggy is seconds away from announcing you.”
“Mr. Stark,” Steve begins, “I’m fully aware of the fact that you don’t want your son to be in the movie. But I have nothing to do with his decision.”
Tony feels Steve’s hand slip underneath his shirt and slide up to his chest, leaving a trail of Goosebumps in its wake. He feels Steve’s warm breath hit his neck and Steve’s chest rise and fall against his side.
“However,” Stark holds his chin thoughtfully, “I fail to see where lies the necessity for laughter.”
“Not in the least,” Hogan shrugs, and then grins when Tony playfully hits his arm. “You gonna be okay out there?”
“No,” Tony says, halting her progress by tightening the grip around her waist and brushing his lips against her neck. “There
Hogan locks his car before walking over to Pepper where she stands beside her Beamer. She’s way too fresh and smug for such an early hour that Hogan wonders if her stupid attempts to get him to join her for yoga are actually a good idea.
“Right,” she returns to the table and takes a seat. Not before placing a fresh slice of American pie in front of Tony. “Where to begin.”
“I had to,” Steve states. “I went to the other spare room. It would’ve been kinda weird if Hogan or Pepper found us in the same bed when there are half a dozen other ones in the house.”
It’s heard from the kitchen, long before Tony even storms down the wide staircase or crosses the entrance hall. It’s angry and determined and intimidating. And Steve can’t help but smile.
“I didn’t kiss him, dad,” Steve confesses, exasperatedly. “He kissed me. And it wasn’t even like that. It was just a gimmick.”
In reality, Mr. Stark was no longer staring into his eyes and holding him passionately. The man who walked in was downright ignoring him, changing course when their paths threatened to cross and holding up a finger with his ear pressed to the phone on the three occasions Steve had felt brave enough to deliver the meeting’s agenda personally. Steve had found himself even missing his Monday morning dose of hearing how incompetent he was.
“Well what did you mean, Tony?” and then Steve lets out an exasperated sigh. “Do you know what, I don’t even care. I think it’s best we both just keep this professi-”
“Thanks,” Stan mutters subconsciously, wracking his brain for how to approach the subject correctly. In his mind, there already is no way. None that will lead to a favorable ending.
While many see him as the spoiled, womanizing capitalist he forges and writes himself to be for the media and industry, being with Tony was like unwrapping the exact same parcel daily yet finding a different gift inside each time. Steve knows all of Tony’s daytime quirks and nightly qualms. He knows what gets a smirk and what’s rewarded with a smile. Even the type of smile one should flee from entirely because nothing good can come from it regardless of how many wrinkles etch the corners of his beautiful eyes.
“I’m not even kidding, Tony,” Steve chuckles, “Thankfully my mom wouldn’t have it, so she said they needed to reach some sort of compromise.”
With a few parting words and waves, Tony and Steve leave the room, letting Mrs. Wanda get her chance to see Joseph Rogers.
High school hadn’t been the easiest time for Steve, as socially challenged as he was and so finding Bucky was easily the epitome of his adolescence. James Bucky Barnes, the misunderstood bad boy down the street who everyone avoided and Joseph practically took in. Bucky who had a brilliants smile and could detail a vehicle even quicker than his father could. Bucky who gave Steve his first kiss weeks after Steve had already given him his heart.
She shakes her head as if to clear it and gives him a smile, hoping it doesn’t reveal too much of her sudden burst of enthusiasm.
“You want to fuck that kid, don’t you,” Bucky had practically jumped on the couch in complete and utter delight, refusing to let Steve deny it. And the game on the television had been forgotten and the beers became warm and by midnight, Steve had confessed and cried and collapsed with his head on his best friend’s lap. The confession only making their friendship stronger, not ending it like Steve had tortured himself into believing it would.
“I swear to God, Tony,” Hogan whispers harshly, “If you mention anything about Lee, or Marvel or that damn script-”
Howard hasn’t yet looked at his wife. Not once the entire time she spoke. The vein bulging on Howard’s forehead is akin to the timer on a bomb. Pepper finds herself holding her breath.
That is more or less what they have, a relationship. A friendship that turned into something more. An affair. An insanely awesome physical relationship, Steve thinks back to the previous night. The image of Tony panting and losing control is enough to illicit some stirring in his pants. The look that crossed Tony’s face when he came undone, the sweat, the sighs. The way he licked his bottom lip, hard stomach bathed in a coat of his own –
“I’m going to have to mull it over,” Sharon says intently. “Run it by a few people, the usual. I can’t promise you anything.”
But right now, Steve has a very important movie date with his boss, a movie starring Neil Patrick Harris and Sean William Scott. And when he enters Tony’s office to find Stark sitting on the black leather couch, shirt unbuttoned and tie hanging loose, face lit solely by the light from the computer monitor and lips slightly wet from the scotch in his hand, Steve is ecstatic to be the first to know that the movie will most certainly be having a sequel.
It should be hilarious, and not just because Mr. Tony Stark of Stark Industries actually has Marvin Gaye’s album warm and ready on his hotel room stereo. It should be hilarious because not only does he have it, but he is also dancing to it. Steve should be in tears, itching for his phone to tell his best friend that Tony-fucking-Stark is lip-syncing and dancing along to what could easily be declared the most derivative song to use during foreplay. But the humor of it all is completely lost due to the explicit fact that the way Tony is moving his hips is hypnotically arousing.
“I’m sorry to just barge in here,” the boy says, “there’s no one at reception and I didn’t know where to…. what’s wrong?”
Stan doesn’t bother arguing with the man. He goes back to his table, sits back and folds his arms as Howard bitterly shoves the photographs back into the envelope they came in.
“Anyway,” Steve rolls his eyes, “my dad taught me how to play the guitar. I played in the church rock band for a while. But it was never really my thing.”
“Stop!” Pepper snaps, shoving Tony’s foot out of her lap. “Don’t spoil it; I want to read it for myself.”
“Better,” Tony loses no momentum. “Zane tries one last time. He drops everything, packs his life into his car and drives miles and miles to the one place he thinks Jake just might be. I mean, he literally leaves everything behind for a chance. He doesn’t even know if it’s a sure thing, but he goes. He remembers Jake once mentioning a place to him, in one of their many conversations. So he goes there. Day, night, day trip. And when he finally gets there, he
“Hogan,” Tony stares at the ceiling and pinches the bridge of his nose, “not so early in the morning. Please.”
Steve eases into the water  gracefully. With the grace of a crocodile slithering in to stalk its prey.
“Don’t do that,” Tony frowns, closing his eyes. “You see this is why… Just don’t. Don’t you dare apologize to me.”
The guitarist gives Tony an unmistakably knowing grin as he keeps playing the acoustic version of a Coldplay song that Steve knows, but can’t pin.
“What I need is Anti-Stark medication,” Pepper says with a fond smile, propping her head on her hands and her elbows on the table.
“Relax,” Tony continues, “everybody knows it was just a publicity stunt, okay. We’re gonna go to the after-party, some poor sap is gonna get shit-faced and make an ass of themselves and someone else is gonna get it on camera and I swear, tomorrow, nobody is gonna care about what happened
behind the safety of his shatterproof glass walls. Observing between barely parted blinds. Just enough to oversee flaws while overlooking hard work. Steve had been in that very office just that morning, the reasoning behind Stark firing him weighing down just as heavily as the rejected engagement ring in his front pocket.
Maria sees something flash over Tony’s face. A hint of emotion that she’s completely unaccustomed to.
Tony looks thoughtful for a second before smiling and shutting his eyes. “And stripping me never came to mind?”
“Steve,” he hears himself say, a sort of outer body experience. Steve moves a little, nestling further into his jacket as if subconsciously fighting off the cold air from the harsh hospital air-conditioners. “Steve, wake up.”
“Anyway, he’s stayed around for dinner a coupla times. Watched a little teli, just the usual,” Joseph says cheerfully. “Hey, he’s here now Wanna speak to him. I’ll put him on.”
,” Pepper laughs when Hogan decides to assist Kenny Rogers with his lines. It isn’t a mocking laugh and Hogan doesn’t take it as such. The low chuckle that comes from Hogan, however, still does shock her.
“Could you be a darling and upgrade the entire floor’s PCs with the new software?”  Stark says, sliding into a black Armani jacket that compliments his tailored waistcoat and does nothing to hide how perfectly the dress pants incase his thighs. Thighs that were wrapped around his waist for most of the weekend, Steve scolds himself for recalling. “And each tower needs to be individually encrypted and licensed with the twenty digit cryptogram that you’ll find I’ve so generously slipped into the back of the book for you,” Tony looks as though he deserves praise before adding, “- typed in teeny tiny, itty bitty font. It was far too complicated for me; pretty sure you’ll definitely have to read the manual.”
“When is this gonna end?” Pepper drops down dramatically at the kitchen table, laying her head to rest in her arms. Hogan muses at how her sprawled out blond locks just barely miss the saucy plate of spaghetti bolognaise remains.
A deep sigh escapes Tony as his eyes flutter open. Instinctively, Steve puts distance between them, only to be pulled right back.
Of course Stark would take him to a shiny hotel. A really shiny, golden hotel with marble floors and high ceilings, complex patterns etched into everything. What Steve hadn’t expected was to get there on the back of a red and gold Harley Davidson Rocker. What Steve hadn’t expected was the receptionist to greet Steve by the name of Neil before handing him a keycard.
He knows he can’t get free even if he wanted to and surrendering to Steve just seems so exhilarating.
“Thank you,” Tony stands, letting out his hand and trying not to pay attention to the venomous glare his agent is giving him. “You’ll be hearing from me.”
Steve smiles as he hears Ms. Wanda laugh. It’s a tender high pitched laugh that makes her face brighten up entirely. He can picture her clearly in her hideous floral apron and pink slippers. Her white hair is probably bunched up in a bun that looks years from untangling and her freckled, wrinkly cheeks are surely just as oddly rosy as usual.
"I am fine, yeah sure" Tony replied. They both first went to see Peter and May. They were fine Peter was a lot better. Rhodey was resting when they reached, Carol was sleeping beside him so they did not disturb them and left. Tony wanted some time alone and went to his lab. Steve knew him and he did not want to push him so he let him before making him promise that if he needs him he knows where to find him.
"you know I would have taken you back. I am just glad that it is in the past now Steve and I would like to give you another chance. Please dont hurt me" Tony had turned his head and whispered the last part.
Everyone slowly made their way to the floors. Everyone had been up since early in the morning. Nat, Carol, Rhodey and Peter went to Nats floor to plan a party for Tony at the mansion so he could forget about Steve for sometime. Where aa everyone other than Sam and Bucky stayed with steve in common Room.
"I am not getting back with him I do not know why you keep thinking that I am trying to focus on myself okay?"
"I know he is an idiot but he is my idiot I will talk to him" Steve said. Tony was now standing alone doing something on his tablet and Steve went towards him.
Steve was busy in the gym. He went through 5 bags and his hands were raw. He just couldn't stop it was all his fault and Tony had paid the price once again.
"I am winter Solder and you are my mission" The winter Soldier announced. Steve ran towards the door but it was locked. Tony and Steve looked at each other and Tony turned towards the soldier who was marching up to him.
"Steve lets go man" Sam said as everyone started moving inside. Steve just nodded and walked. He wished he could just kiss Tony and tell him how much he loved him but he knew how Tony had stopped him from getting near.
Everyone went silent for a few moments no one dared to speak. The word Family was so funny to all of them. Each one of them had a share of hurt by their families.
"No No Tony please dont say that it was my fault and I am sorry I did not think about the consequences of my action and I am just paying for it. Dont you ever be sorry for. You were right things will never go back to normal and I am at fault for that. You must hate me and you should because that is what I deserve. I am really sorry for everything and I will respect your boundaries" Steve said softly.
"I thought you were in a hurry as you were here for a night only as Tony said you had to be back somewhere"
"There is a No list?" Tony asked and Peter just nodded. He turned his head towards Nat and she gave him a strong glare and he knew it wont work. Carol wont be affected even if he made his puppy eyes. He could see Barnes laughing at him and he threw grape at him.
"Yeah I can see that Cap" Sam replied rolling his eyes. Steve replied but his eyes were stuck at the door. He knew Tony was out there maybe he will visit him later. He remembered how he had jumped in between and the blast. Nat was watching Steve she knew what he was waiting for.
"Okay Tones we will get the doctor there and I do not want to hear it" Carol had said. Tony just nodded.
"Oh shut up Tony I just missed you and No you are not about to be an uncle stop imagining things, We cam here to tell you to get up in the common room everyone is waiting for you"
"I am not saying no but next time we have a mission I will try for you" Tony was beaming at least it was not a straight no and how he almost killed him lecture. He kissed Steve again and again. Steve laughed in between the kisses as he knew Tony felt happy but he remembered the genius had to go up and get dressed for dinner. He pulled himself back when Tony tried to kiss him again. "I will give you more than a kiss if you go and get changed, everyone is waiting" Steve said and Tony pouted. "It better be a lot more than a kiss" and grabbed Steve's ass and left.
"We need to go to the hospital" Steve whispered moving his hand towards Tony. It made Tony flinch and Steve felt hurt. He knew all the process he had made with Tony just went away. He was about to drop his hand when Tony took it and Steve would have smiled if the situation wasnt this bad.
Steve felt guilty about Rhodey's leg if this whole mess did not happen he culd have walked and maybe wont be here today. He could see the same guilty expression on Carol's face. He said quietly as doctor did his work. When he left the room it was silent for 5 mins before Carol spoke up. "I was down in the kitchen sneaking some ice-cream because James steals mine when we eat together I couldnt sleep and went down and suddenly I heard this blast" Steve got up and sat beside her. He did not touch her but he knew how to provide comfort without invading someone personal space. "I ran up and James was there stuck I couldnt get to him at first you know and he wasnt wearing his braces. I could smell his leg burning but he couldnt feel it" a tear made its way down her cheek. "I grabbed him and made it out of the house but what if I was late you know? and the fire would have reached him. He couldnt move and I-" Carol chocked up. She did not mention the part where she flew him out using her powers but she knew she could not give that away.
"How are you doing with him back?" Stephen was always like this Tony thought. One of the things he liked about him that he did not go in circles and was always to the point.
"That is more than enough Tony more than enough" Steve said. Tony saw how a tear made way down Steve's face and before he knew he put his hand up to wipe it and paused. He moved back like he was shocked. Steve eyes were so hopeful at the same moment but now they looked sad.
"I really like the set up Steve just a bit overwhelming" Tony said and Steve put his hand forward which Tony took.
"Tony Hi" Bruce said. Bruce was always the awkward one and he never knew what to say. Tony smiled. Sometime he did not understand how did he got Nat. He was sure Nat asked him out.
"Hey" Tony smiled at Hulk and nodded. Nat was beside Hulk and looked at him. Hulk looked back at Nat.
When they entered the room everyone was already there. Pepper got up and hugged him first. Sam was smiling at Steve. Steve just moved away from Tony giving Pepper and hims pace. Next it was Clint and laura who hugged him. When he sat down on the sofa the kids had making drawings on his cast. Steve sat with Sam and Clint.
"I do not like when people look in mind Ed so Fri took care of it, do you want me to stay or go down to the car?"
Tony opened the door to the storage room and saw Steve looking in to the boxes. He clearly knew that he heard someone coming towards the room and had just started to look for information. "Oh Tony its you, I have found this box and it might-" Steve was silenced by a long kiss. When Tony's mouth left his he was still dizzy.
"Please I would be more comfortable there Tony please" Steve pleaded and Tony just nodded. He was already dosing off as the medicine were working. Steve changed and made his bed on the sofa. He kept an eye on the lift and stairs. He knew Friday wont let anyone up in the lift but the stairs still existed.
"This feel so much light and it feels like there is still blood flowing through it" Bucky smiled. He was so grateful for this.
"Tony you need to let me in and tell me what did I do wrong. i thought everything was fine between us and now we are back to square one. Tell me what I did wrong so I could fix it. Please let me in" Steve whispered he did not want to fight Tony.
Tony was happy. His heart was at peace. Steve was with him and they loved each other. Peter was happy about it as well and that made Tony really happy. The part which had been missing for 2 years in his life was complete. He was complete. He fought with Steve twice regarding the shield but he knew Steve was as stubborn as him. He was currently working on his shield but he had changed the design on it hoping Steve would agree to take it back.
"Yeah right. I read your reports. Bruce sent me a version and it was not good Tony but now your vitals looks promising. I will assume it is because of me making this visit. Wanda and vision send their regards. Wanda is doing better and I think she is enjoying it there as well"
"Steve come sit down" but Steve did not move. Sam and Bucky tried to move him gently but he did not budge.
"Really? I do not remember kids trying to kill people or aid in killing them or disrespecting people" Carol replied
"Steve stop getting Jealous over Stephen he is just a friend, you need to stop this. I had a panic attack and he was helping me. Go on tell me that you are jealous about it. Do you even trust me?" Tony replied. He was frustrated. Steve had never been jealous like this before over anyone.
They started walking towards the main lounge. Steve was sitting with Sam. Bucky, Wanda and Clint were speaking about something and Lang was not in sight. Nat and Rhodey had briefed them about everything. The kitchen was stocked and whoever wanted can cook and updated with the current political situation. They also told them to give Tony time and try not corner him. Steve was also told that his stuff had been transferred to his old floor.
"Bruce is with them. How about you get fresh Steve?" Nat replied. Steve did not want to leave Tony yet but maybe they were kicking him out.
Somewhere someone was making a plan to destroy the avengers and they would do anything. They failed in killing Captain America in the field but they knew if they were separated it would be much easy to strike.
"I have hurt him in the past and I agree but I would never ever hurt him again. Tony knows this and that is all that matters to me" Steve said.
"Its okay I got this I will get him" Tony said and ran towards Nathaniel room. He picked him up and Nathaniel just stared at him.
"i will just go and see" carol went to the lab. "Friday open the door" Carol said. "Sorry Ms. Carol boss has activated protocol and I cannot allow anyone inside" Friday replied.
"No one will take me away from you Tony. I promise the only way I am ever leaving you is if I die and to stay with you as long as I can I will probably fight death to, so how about we keep this in the past and move up to our bedroom you promised to put my mouth to good use" Steve replied with mischievous in his eyes and dragged Tony to their bedroom.
"Pepper my love stop talking please, I have no idea what you just vomited on me. Were there words in that vomit because I couldnt catch any of that"
"I will call T'Challa" Tony had said and Nat took his hand to help him. Bucky saw the full extent of Tony's injuries.
“I took the liberty of speaking to some of those techy geeks earlier today,” Steve is unable to hold back his grin as Tony’s mouth drops slightly open, the dark haired man taking in the four simple words written in sharpie on the disk.  “Apparently this is actually the new software we’ll be using. I can stay and load it onto everyone’s PCs right away if you still insist. I’ve got pleanty copies so it shouldn’t take too long.”
“All I ever tried to do was protect him from Howard,” Hogan sighs. “Howard was my closest friend, I knew him all too well. I still do. I had to steer Tony in Howard’s direction to make life easier on the boy. So don’t you dare make it out as if I don’t care about him. I love that kid more than Howard ever could.”
Maria Hill, however, is thoroughly involved in what’s going on. Even more so than Rhodey . No one expects any less from Hill. Her ability to find entertainment in the most boring of situations is exactly what makes her one of the best directors in Los Angeles. A vicious rose amongst thorns, having no trouble showing the male-dominant industry exactly how tough she is.
"See Steve is eating the same as you" Bruce pointed and he saw Steve sitting with same breakfast as him. All that frustration went out of the window when he saw that. He knew Steve was doing this because he did not want Tony to feel alone and sick. Steve knew everyone would be eating a different breakfast and he did not want Tony to feel sick or feel like they were treating him different so he would eat whatever Tony would eat. Tony just smiled and started eating his breakfast quietly.
"Hi Nat" Clint said and move towards her, however, Nat replied that stopped him in his place "Welcome back Mr Barton". That had shook everyone and the reality of nothing will be the same settled on them. Tony give her a nudge which meant knock it off but she stood her ground she was hurt and pissed at Clint. How dare he leave his family unprotected and accuse her of not having his back when he picked sides without even speaking to her.
"I did not mean what I said I mean I was saying that you look nice and it must have taken a long plan to look nice" Peter started rambling Tony noticed he knew they had a suprise or something and kid had messed up.
"How can I stop worrying about you when you do this" Steve said as he caught him. He helped him to the bathroom and left Tony as the door. He waited as Tony came out and took his medicines without arguing.
"Well I have a list of all the times you have hurt him would you like me to state it alphabetically or chronologically?" Stephen stood up as well he was not afraid of a challenge. Sam looked like he wanted to interrupt but Nat just shook her head she wanted to see what would happen. She knew Stephen had feelings for Tony but she wanted Steve to fight for Tony.
"Ross wants Barnes and Bruce because he has always been after the super soldier serum. Barnes the only good option I see is that you do not go the Trial and live a normal life. Same for you Bruce. We have asked for a few days and meanwhile I am hoping to get that video from Ross somehow. You both can go public and retire-" Tony was cut off by Bucky.
"Yeah you know Stephen darling there is no better doctor than you out there" Tony said rolling his eyes. Did Tony called Strange darling Steve just stared. It was time he made his presence known and he could try being civil to him.
"You guys go rest we can take turns and while we are here we both can keep a look out for both" Rhodey said and everyone nodded and left.
"Okay sorry jeez dont tell her please I will help man. Listen its Steve okay? just be yourself Tones and if he hurts you this time I will personally kick his ass" Rhodey replied.
"Yeah I am fine" Bucky replied and they tried again. Bucky looked in to Tonys eyes the whole time and Tony just smiled at him.
"Are you really? I give you your shield back and updated your hand harness accordingly and you did not even touch it. Not even that you went in field without it and nearly got yourself killed! If you are going to do that to yourself and leave me alone again I need to know because I cant play this game anymore!" Tony shouted and Steve came to the realisation that the genius was worried about him. It hurts to think that Tony thought this was some game to Steve but he knew the trust which he destroyed would take a long time to be build back in their relationship.
"Hey Tones I leave you for another month and you get hurt so you could see me again. How desperate of you" Stephen said.
"Its in the past okay? just let it go" Tony said and walked towards the elevator. He reached his floor. Cooper and Peter were watching some movie Laura, Lila and Nathaniel were in a room probably sleeping. He picked his phone and called Nat.
"After your cast are off in 2 weeks would you-do you I mean do you want to go out on dinner with me?" Steve said starring at Tony.
Next morning Tony knew he had to go back to the tower. Nat had already went with Bruce to get some coffee he hoped that they will talk it out. Bruce said that they will directly meet with them at the tower. Carol and Rhodey had a date night plan so they were staying at the mansion and Carol had clearly instructed him to get his ass back here as it was going to be Movie night. Laura and the kids were staying here as well so he had to bring them back as well. Unfortunately, Harley had to go back as he had some family wedding. Peter was his shadow he would go everywhere Tony went.
"Coop I know you are upset with your dad and I know you dont like him. But he is your dad and no matter what he will remain your dad. You cannot hate him forever. Give him a chance"
Tony was in his lab tinkering with Buckys new arm. After letting go the anger towards Bucky he felt light. Forgiveness was important he thought he felt like something had gotten off his chest after a normal conversation with the guy. He was still worried about Clint and Laura. He just wanted to fix everything like he always does. Apparently Nat was currently speaking with Clint and with the report Friday provided it felt like everything had gone well between them. Bruce was back and was working in his Lab. He was glad his Science Bro was back. He was currently installing the heating system in the prosthetic arm to make it feel more real. YOU and Dum-E had started a fight and Butterfingers was being Butterfingers.
"Its 3 am, you want to sleep or you going to the lab" she asked hoping Tony would rest because tomorrow was a big day. He had to take care of Ross, move out for a few days and everyone was coming back.
"Stephen is a friend Steve, he was hugging me when you saw us I think. I am not with anyone. You do not cause me pain Steve and whatever happened it was not your fault. I need you here. I want you to stay with me. Will you stay with me?" Tony asked looking at Steve. They were still in each others arm.
"You! You are the reason Mr Stark keeps getting hurt. Didnt you hurt him enough that you are back to hurt him more. Look what happened be-" Peter was cut off by Tony.
"Can I get the other guy now Hulk?" Nat whispered and soon Banner was back. Steve covered him with a blanket.
During dinner the baby monitor lit up and they knew Nathaniel was up. Tony just felt claustrophobic and saw this opportunity to leave.
In the evening everyone was sitting for the movie night. Stephen and Steve were not talking and were just having a staring contest. Tony came up and he looked tired. He sat beside Steve and laid his head on the couch.
"No Tony you cant what if the winter soldier comes out that is too big of a risk" Steve said. Carol just offered her sarcastic smile.
"Bucky would wake up approximately tomorrow in the evening. We need to be there to asses who wakes up in that room" Tony started.
Tony looked at all the completed weapons he created for everyone upstairs and his eyes went over to Steve's Shield the one his father had given him. He did not want to think about anything he just could not think about it. He researched about Bucky one day when he was too drunk to remember but he remembered that what happened to him was not fair as well. He could help him with B.A.R.F. if he wanted. He thought he should carry this upstairs and give them what belonged to them but was not sure yet. He was debating this when FRIDAY informed him about a call.
"I know things wont be the same again Tony but I-we can start over and if you dont feel like it I will back off. You just need to tell me and I will take your word but I really want to try" Steve whispered.
"What a way to welcome me Tony and I am not late look at the clock still 10 second to go" Strange replied
"So now as everything is taken care of your floors are the same as before, Scott and Bucky your floor is below Sam's floor. There are floors on which none of you are allowed on and do not have access to them. Friday will inform you if you are allowed to go on the floor or not. You guys need anything ask Friday. Friday introduce yourself" Tony said
"Guys calm down. We are taking Barnes with us. I have a room for Hulk and if it is about security Barnes can stay there. I am still his legal guardian and I call his shots. You guys might want to look at Ross and see what he has been up to. My team will be in contact with you" Tony said and started walking out with the help of Steve and Rhodey. While others just followed. Barnes was kept in a box while he slept.
"SURPRISE!!!!" There was everyone Nat, Vis, Rhodey, Pepper, Happy, Harley, Laura, the kids and Bruce.
"Guys this is Dr Stephen Strange. He is the Soccer Supreme also the Mater of the Mystic arts" Tony introduced him
"I will see you in the morning Stephen. Carol and Rhodey wanted me to go to the mansio-" Tony was interrupted as Friday announced that Laura had entered. Lila was standing with Laura while Nathan slept in her arm.
Steve felt happy and home. He was home in Tony's arm. He hoped everything would remain like this. Steve had no idea that this was the calm before storm.
"Why bother this time Steve if I did not come here you would have left without telling me. That is what you do nowadays seems like a trend. Give Tony hope and leave him as soon as he is better. I was such a fool hoping we could talk" Tony said and started to turn.
"Steve look I am tired of hating, fighting and everything. The team is back because we need to be together. I may forgive you but I cannot forget what you have done to me. You may be right there may be some part of me that still loves you but I cannot be with you. Steve this is toxic right now whatever you are wanting. I cant be with someone I do not trust. You have hurt me enough for a life time. You talk about love Steve. But you do not destroy the people you love and you destroyed me. You use to be my home but now you are just the cause of my pain. I am not saying all this to hurt you but make you understand that whatever you are hoping for cannot happen. I have moved on with my life and you should too. I will be back in a day or 2. or probably not. You have hurt me Steve taken everything from me and I cant forget all that."
"Enough Wanda!" Steve said. He knew Tony and was sure that he would not say anything to her as he held the guilt inside even after all this time. Wanda was young he agreed but she needed to respect Tony as well. He wished he could solve everything and all he needed was one chance to speak to Tony. He tried making eye contact with Tony but Tony would look everywhere but at him and with everyone around him he just could not find a moment alone with him.
"No but I just could not let the anger and hate inside me take over who I am. I have you guys to think about and I am leaving the past where it belongs" Tony said that and walked away.
"Yes. Thank you Tony" Tony just nodded at him. Tony knew how wrong it could go and if the video was out everyone will know about his parents about how he died. His mama how she died. How they beat him and left him there and suddenly Tony had a shooting pain up his left arm like someone had electrocuted him. He could not breath and the pain wasnt helping. Suddenly people were around him and all he could hear was his name. Steve's eyes he could see those blue eyes. Maybe he was dying but he looked at those eyes and everything was dark.
"Thats great" Steve said. Steve continued eating. Tony and Stephen were talking about so many things that Steve couldnt keep up and he focused on his plate. He could see Stephen touching Tony's eye or his hand to examine him and Steve almost bended his fork. He sighed. He had to calm down. In front of him he could see Carol, Nat and Pepper secretly laughing at him. They were having at his misery. Peter offered him another fork which he took and thanked him. tony just looked at him for a second and gave him a weird look and went back to speaking. Soon they both got up and Stephen announced he was leaving and took Tony into lounge.
Laura had taken kids to bed and Pepper had gone home with Happy. Carol and Rhodey had asked to stay but Tony told them to leave as well as he knew they have had a long day as well. Peter, Bruce, Nat, Steve, Clint and Sam sat in the lounge.
A doctor was waiting for them as soon as they arrived. Bucky was transferred to the Hulk room to make sure the person who woke up was Barnes and not the winter soldier. He was taken to the hospital floor and it turned out Tony had one dislocated arm, a dislocated rib, a sprained ankle and some bruises. Peter was unaware of the whole mess. When they entered the common room was half decorated.
They spent the whole night looking for information but all they couldn't find anything. The whole avengers were gathered in the tower except for Scott. It was half 2 in the afternoon and everyone was still hard at work. Carol came up to help but left when Tony shooed her out of the room so she could go and rest with Rhodey. Rhodey was fine now and had moved up to their floor. Carol and Tony had banned him from getting out of his room and tried to stay with him throughout the night. Peter was with his aunt on Clint's floor as Cooper and him were best buddies. While going through some papers Steve looked up at Tony. He looked so stressed and Steve's heart clenched so tightly, you could clearly see how tired Tony was this night was one of the worst nights ever. Tony was feeling the toll of the night he had started searching for information with Friday and after an hour he moved down to Rhodey's room to stay with him and worked from their and after Rhodey and carol had settled properly he came back up and started working again.
Tony was bored. He was glad that he had so many people who loved him but it was annoying how everyone was babysitting him. Whenever Steve came in he stood far away and observed him. Tony saw the sadness his eyes but they werent getting any time free. Steve had asked Friday if Tony was free.
"You guys did more than harm last time I checked" Carol replied. Tony hated this that everyone just kept fighting around him and ignoring him in the process he had a mouth and he could throw some good words but he just did not have the power too.
"I am not sure if I am hungry, but thanks for the offer. Where is everyone else Carol" Tony asked in a subtle way he could not see Nat, Vis or Rhodey. Honestly, he was panicking a bit but he tried to keep as calm as possible.
"Well normal people usually ask name and speak from there mouth instead of peeking into people's brain" Carol did not give up ever. She would not back down.
"Its my fault Its all my fault its all my fault..." That is the only thing he could say. He was whispering this to himself.
“Phteven?” Bucky cocks a brow. And were it not for the situation, Steve would’ve burst out laughing at the clear unimpressed expression on his replacement’s face. “Now I get why everyone’s calling you
The soft knock on the dressing room door completely spoils any plans that Tony was probably going to bail on last minute anyway.
It’s not that Tony would have taken Steve’s appearance into consideration were it not for the fact that Steve Rogers is going to be acting with him. They’re going to be continuously compared with one another, based on everything they do by everyone who sees them together. Tony knows this from experience.
A stern look from Hogan wipes the smile off Tony’s face; reminding him of where he is and what situation he’s in.
Steve not only sees it in Stark’s eyes, he feels it pulsate against his thigh. He hates that he forgets to forget that his best friend is always right. He hates that he forgets all the horrible ways his boss has treated him. He hates himself for voicing the insane thoughts that suddenly hold way too much truth.
Tony sighs, closing his eyes and letting his head fall back. His heart has been beating uncharacteristically slower and faster of late. Jarvis said it was anxiety and that he must take it easy for a while. Tony has a tiny feeling that it just might be something else.
Tony’s never been so grateful that he’s a brilliant actor before; otherwise everyone would see just how much it all really hurt.
“Maybe you should just listen to them,” Pepper moves out of Jarvis’ way as he walks around to spot Tony, “I mean, they might have a point. This is sort of risky.”
Steve grins, plotting revenge in his head. His sole target being Tony, since he had the one appointing teams.
After an entire day of feeling a whole lot less than nothing, Steve decides to do exactly what Tony Stark is doing, pretend that nothing ever happen in the hopes of them both somehow forgetting it ever did long enough for everything to go back to normal.
Brock jumps back into his rusted, black convertible, mouthwatering from the invaluable photographs of gold he has to deliver to Sharon.
“I’m sorry Peter,” Rhodey shrugs earnestly, “I think we’ve heard enough. We’ll give you a call, okay?”
“Howard, please,” Hogan says, his hands on Howard’s chest. “Howie, I’ll sort this out, okay. I’ll sort it out.”
‘Tony Stark’ Steve was talking about; how had he allowed himself to get so deluded. How the hell could Steve have been so wrong?
“Now, who else in my wing can say they get one hospital visit by two celebrities in one day?” Joseph chuckles.
Howard Stark shakes his head, walking past both of them, but making sure to bump Hogan deliberately on his way out.
Despite the countless messages, Bucky isn’t anywhere in sight when Steve finally enters the pub. But it’s far from surprising since Bucky was voted most likely to be late for his own funeral in their high school yearbook. And even with the amateur, gothic rock band belting out something depressingly incoherent on stage, Steve feels oddly in place surrounded by all the other dejected-looking, half-drunk patrons occupying the booths and stools and pool tables.
Steve is well aware that he must look several shades stupider than Stark usually makes him out to be because his mind is fully incapable of catching up to anything when Stark is close enough for his spicy cologne to invade his senses. So intoxicating, even more confusing than the fact that Mr. Stark is standing in front of him in the gay section of a rundown video store in the middle of Brooklyn on a Friday night. His usual blue-blooded exterior is adorned in worn out blue jeans and a black jacket that smells of cheap leather, as damaged as his dark boots that too had seen better days.
Tony and Steve stand in front of each other for the first time in what feels like forever, Steve searching Tony’s face, while Tony distracts himself by straightening up the disorientated boy in front of him.
“Doesn’t mean he’s not following up on you,” Pepper informs. She pretends not to notice Tony’s hands slithering around her slender waist.
“Feels longer. I guess the PG rated version of the question on everyone’s mind is, where the hell have you been?”
Steve remembers how light kisses had led to deeper excitement. He’d taken note of Tony’s hesitance to just let go. As if he was trying to wrap his mind around it all. He’d noticed that every time he pulled back and tried to move slower, Tony would take control. Then when he began to lose self-discipline, Tony seemed to withdraw. Only slightly, but noticeably.
Steve chuckles for a second, watching Tony walk back into the hotel before following him in on a heavy exhale.
Hogan stands beside Tony who’s seated right in the center of the room. His arms are crossed and his knuckles are white, fingers wrapped tightly around the PVR remote control.
“You can go ahead and do it for revenge,” Sharon finishes for him, completely changing what he was about to say. “I want Howard Stark to suffer.”
It hurts, but at that moment, that’s exactly what Maria wants. As Tony walks out of the room, she knows it’s just what was needed for Tony to find himself.
As the audience slowly begins to make their way out and the stars of the movie prepare themselves for the inevitable interviews, Steve glares at Tony once again. He’s been doing it throughout the entire movie. Tony was either pretending not to notice or really didn’t care.  All Steve had received from Tony was a questioning shrug the single time that Tony wasn’t ignoring Steve all together.
“Who is this ‘Mr. Stark’ you mistake me for,” Tony lets his unshaven jaw glide across Steve’s as he slightly backs away, “he must be handsome.”
The warmth radiating off of his chest and onto her back was almost distracting. Just not as effective as she would have liked it to be.
Hospital waiting room chairs are uncomfortable to sit on to begin with, Steve’s attempting to sleep on two pulled together.
“Besides,” Lee adds, “I think his presence puts necessary weight on the boys’ preformance. It’s kind of like an experiment, you know, to see if they can work under pressure.”
“We have to do some re-casting,” Lee sighes, not liking any of this one bit. “So it’s just postponed until further notice.”
But he isn’t going to stop. He isn’t about to make Steve stop. Not when for the first time in his life, the person he’s doing
“What do you think it’s about this time?” Pepper asks as they walk up the immaculate driveway between lush gardens.
Steve gives a small wave, blushing under the cameras, feeling terribly uncomfortable with the roar of the crowd.
As Tony nears Lee’s office, he notices someone waiting just outside - a young man sitting in the foyer.
“Okay,” Tony finally speaks after a particularly long and uncomfortable silence. “No party, I swear. We can just hang out. We can try that, right? I’ll even tell my driver to take the night off and we’ll take a cab and get some cheap beer and greasy questionable burgers and just…hang.”
Tony isn’t sure if he’s supposed to follow the old lady further into the house, but hesitantly, he does. He’s quickly greeted with an inviting smell of a home-cooked meal, something he’s completely unfamiliar with. It faintly reminds him of the days that his mother would treat the family a new recipe she’d picked up from her culinary classes. And then Howard made her stop after hiring more than one full time maid to take care of , what he called, chores that were beneath a Stark.
“Let’s not be bitter, Tony,” Natasha Romanov drawls, “fabrication is merely reproduction of the truth. And let’s face it; your life is all about
“Aren’t you a lucky young man, Steve Rogers,” Natasha muses, gaining a roar of approval from the audience once again.
Brock nods in agreement. He knows she’s right; they will probably be worth triple if they are even slightly provocative.
Even when Thor spots Tony for the first time, he simply gives an acknowledging grin. It’s nothing short of a sly smile. When Hill looks over her shoulder at Tony, he seems to be returning it. No cocky comments. No clever remarks.
As he stares into Tony’s bright brown eyes and at his even brighter smile, he only just remembers he’d asked the young star to come over. He looks over Tony, hair surprisingly perfect, like it usually does on television.
Sharon closes his portfolio and studies him from across the table. She can see his face plastered on the cover of a magazine already. She can picture fans screaming Steve’s name. She can see him telling his pitiful life story on the Oprah Winfrey show. The smell of money is so strong it makes her mouth water.
As Steve takes the early bus home, he smiles out the window, thrilled with himself for formulating such a brilliant plan.
“That’s really low, Lee,” Hogan roars. “You have no right putting that kind of responsibility on him.”
Steve feels his back hit the wall. And it’s only a few feet back, but unexpected nonetheless. Tony’s lips once again come over Steve’s for the fourth time that day.
“Give it up son,” Tony feels one end of the battle dwindle as he pieces everything together. Only, there were certain parts of the puzzle that just refused to fit. Even with the truth being told to him, by the last person he’d ever expected it from.
“You know,” Bucky hangs over the partition and Steve notices his friend is already all coated up and ready to bolt, just in case Stark comes back and makes him stay behind too – guilt by association. Stark has done it before. “He only does that to you because you let him.”
When Steve finally crunches his knuckles into the mattress on either side of Tony’s waist, Tony wastes no time touching anywhere and every inch he can of Steve’s body.
“I should have told you,” Steve nods, “but I couldn’t have accepted anything from you. It would have felt like I was using you or something.”
“Man, I wish he would’ve given up the bike,” Tony’s still chuckling. “Harley Rogers. I would’ve loved being with you in high school.”
Steve takes the glass, immediately missing Tony’s warmth when the other man walks away, his own scotch in hand. He swallows his drink in one gulp as he watches Tony waste no time turning on the camera. Tony fiddles with it a little, only looking back at Steve when his haste causes him to cough twice, clearing his throat against the burn.
Tony goes to the kitchen, not the least bit surprised to see Ms. Wanda already bustling with vegetables over a chopping board. Only, as she chops, she seems to be doing it with a little more effort than necessary. The loud knocks of steel against wood give away her annoyance.
Looking back at Tony, Steve begins to realize how pointless it is fighting with him. Although the short time that they had spent together that day had been enjoyable and Tony has been great company, it isn’t enough to cover the fact that he still is
“Yeah, I’m sorry. I am.” Steve tears his eyes away from the vehicle’s interior long enough to look at Tony. “It’s just; when you said you’ll pick me up I didn’t expect a limo. I mean, I should have, but I didn’t.”
Stan, he can handle. The man has done nothing but make him feel like family from the moment he’d announced that Steve got the part.
But, as Steve closes the office door, the realization of what he’s decided and what he’s sacrificing comes crashing down on him.
“Mom, don’t,” she hears her son’s voice break as she pulls the protesting young man into her arms. It doesn’t take long before she feels his efforts weaken, and then his head drops to her shoulder. Maria feels utter relief when his arms finally wrap around her, pulling her in a little harder. “How could he do that to me, mom? I thought he… I thought he loved me.”
“I know, I know,” Tony grins, “but it’s not all bad. I guess this gives all of us a chance to venture out into other fields and find ourselves instead of being behind one character for the next five years, trapped by a contract.”
“It seems like it’s been quite a ride for you, Tony.” Natasha smiles. “What moment would you say has been the highlight of it all?”
“Howard, Tony was going to do it regardless of what I said,” Pepper reasons. “Besides, I never once encouraged it, I just-”
“And it will start hundreds of homosexual ones too,” Hogan frowns. “Am I the only one who sees this?”
“So your father-in-law is Steve’s father,” Natasha raises a brow. “How are your families taking it.”
Steve reaches for Tony’s neglected, weeping cock, stroking the pent up pleasure out of him in four hard strokes. And if he thinks that watching Tony releasing his load between them is the hottest thing he’s ever seen, Steve is quickly corrected. Because Tony chooses that exact moment to grab hold of Steve’s jaw and force his head upward.
“He told me he was going out with friends,” Pepper lies with a shrug. “I’m certain he’s fine. Just, why don’t you lay off him for a while? Give the kid a chance to actually be a kid. Don’t you think he’s going through enough?”
Steve wants to roll his eyes, but he can’t. As dizzy as he is he feels it might make him lose his balance because Tony’s closeness is making him a lot more than embarrassingly hard. Tony’s intentions seem clearer by the second. Tony’s game starts to make sense. And so Steve shocks himself by saying; “He’s a royal asshole.”
The entire audience breaks out into a roar of applause, tears in the eyes of some and smiles on the faces of most.
His hand is shaky as he runs it impatiently through his hair, locks falling back into place either way because even his new mousse overachieves. It’s a mystery to him where all the nerves are coming from because he’s called this number at least a thousand times. But as the other end begins to ring, knots twist in the pit of his belly.
“He did,” Howard confirms. “Listen, Tony, I know you must feel really bad right now, but what’s important to know is that the people who still care about you, the ones who always have, are still here. Why do you think I had Hogan and Pepper on your tail, I was concerned.”
“I know why you’re here,” Steve notices Stan’s look of defeat as Howard proceeds, “I know why you tried your chances at this business. I’ve done enough research on you. Somehow I knew you were going to be trouble.”
“He looks great, doesn’t he?” Pepper says quietly, not wanting to disturb the people around them, hard at work.
Then there’re the freebies. First Edition Nike shoes, custom made designer jackets. Cellphones and watches. All because he is Steve Rogers, Stan Lee’s shiny new toy.
“I see.” Natasha nods, inwardly impressed by just how much the young star has grown. “Well, I understand Steve is here tonight.”
“Bucky,” Steve warns with a sigh. He watches the two boys shake hands as civilized as two civilized young men can fake.
“Are you kidding me with this?” Pepper hears Hogan say as she shoves her clothes back on. “Are you hearing yourself right now?”
They’ve been rehearsing just a few hours for days now, easily getting side-tracked when something in the script sparks up conversation. More times than not, they’ll end up leaving Steve’s hotel or Tony’s apartment to get a bite or catch a movie. Steve notices that Tony prefers to do it either when it’s too early for the town to be awake or so late that everyone is supposedly at night clubs.
With nostrils flaring and eyes narrowed, Howard storms out of the room with not so much as a look in his son’s direction.
“Well, if nobody else is hassling to take a few impromptu images of my client, I’ll just have to do it myself,” there’s a smile present in her voice. “He’s not exactly a live wire and if I’m going to get this kid famous he’s actually gotta be known.”
Steve steps closer to Tony, only barely dodging being run down by a burly man with a screaming infant in his arms.
The room falls silent for a moment and Tony’s certain he’s just hit the nail on the head. Then his father speaks. “I’m going to phone Lee in the morning, tell him to keep himself and his contract the hell away from you.”
As far as Tony is concerned, he’d received enough apologies to last him a lifetime within such a short span of time.
When Stark looks back at Steve its equivalent to a look that one would give a man about to bungee jump with the safety harness attached to his penis.  And Stark’s suddenly invested enough to examine the mental condition that he clearly thinks Steve is suffering from as he perches down on the edge of Steve’s desk, crossing his arms over his chest in his infamous, you-do-realize-this-means-you’re-fired stance.
“That’s because you’re missing the big picture,” Lee stresses dramatically. He instantly spins to the side, turning his attention away from the brooding agent and setting his sights on the young brown-eyed boy who seems to be finding all of this amusing. “
Tony’s smile becomes mischievous and before Steve can struggle against it, Tony flips them over and Steve lands on his back. Even with his arms pinned beside his head and Tony’s weight on his body, it would still be incredibly easy for Steve to wriggle free. Steve has not only height, but girth on Tony as well.
Pepper’s paying more attention to Tony’s smile. It’s completely different now as he elaborates his experiences over the past years. As he speaks about Steve and the aftermath of the outing. About how he lost a whole lot of fans and gained a wave of new ones. About a letter he received from an anonymous high school boy who claims that Tony had inadvertently saved his life.
Stan almost laughs, he can see right through the man in front of him. He can smell his trepidation, hell; he can see the bastard shake.
The soft knock on the door goes unnoticed by both men, but neither is surprised when Pepper and Hogan walk in.
“Knowing you, Tony,” Natasha continues once she has enough silence, “You always have something up your sleeve. Any new projects you’d like to share with us.”
When Steve looks back up into Tony Stark’s uncharacteristically black-lined eyes, he’s sorely disappointed with himself by how insanely and instantly turned on he is.
The past year with Tony Stark had been anything but ordinary. Nothing short of pleasurable. Exponentially enthralling. And it wasn’t just the sex even though their unsubstantial chemistry in bed was so complex that he’d often thought it should be studied and written about in semantics only the most eccentric of minds would understand.
“Yeah, I know,” Pepper nods, shivering slightly when Tony reaches up to brush her long blonde strands aside. This gives him better access to the flesh at the back of her neck. “Not many boys your age are household names.”
Tony has turned down countless interviews for ages, he’s dismissed hundreds of request. Which is probably why everyone is astonished that he personally phoned Natasha Romanov, asking for an appearance.
Pepper doesn’t waste time walking to her room. She doesn’t even wait to see him make out the couch. But she does turn to him just before shutting her bedroom door.
Tony looks down for a second as if deep in thought. “I need you, okay? Don’t let my father win again. He’s not gonna ruin this for me. If you want me to leave... If you.... you wanna leave me, let it be because you don’t want me anymore.”
Steve hears himself growl when Tony crawls back on his elbows the moment he has crawled forward enough for their chests to touch and their cocks to meet. He continues to crawl up the bed with his boss, never leaving the warm space between the Tony’s legs. He watches a stray bead of sweat slither down Tony’s temple as Tony reaches into the nightstand, eyes reflecting the same type of hunger Steve feels heavy in his balls. And Tony finds what he’s looking for without even sparing the transparent bottle or condoms a glance, too fixed on boring holes into every inch of Steve’s naked front. So intensely so that Steve even feels his shoulders blush seconds before Tony bites down on his trapezius muscle and wraps skilled fingers around his cock.
Stan sighs as he halfheartedly goes to Brock’s rescue. He’s grateful when he sees it’s only Brock’s collar in Howard’s hand and not his neck.
With his arms up just enough for Steve to make out every muscled curve of his triceps, the subtle way in which he rolls his hips draws attention to the definite outline of his hard cock, a site only made more delicious when Steve looks up to find Tony’s face a mask of pornographic meditation.  Almost as if in Tony’s head, with his eyes squeezed shut, he and Steve are already fucking like two cellmates after lights out.
“What?” both Stark and Bucky say in perfect unison. Bucky manages to duck behind the barricade just as Mr. Stark turns to see why he suddenly has an echo.
Pepper’s blonde hair falls in waves over his pillow. Her breathing is calm, reflecting nothing of what she’s feeling inside. She lays still as Hogan brushes tired circles over her bare shoulder with his thumb.
“Are you serious?” Maria speaks from the doorway, grabbing everyone’s attention. Her arms are crossed over her chest and she’s leaning on the doorframe, a mocking smile on her face. “Are you hearing yourself, Howie? You want them to babysit your grown-up son. Apart from it not being their job, Tony isn’t a baby anymore. Maybe,” she says, entering further into the room, “maybe we should let him make his own choices. His own mistakes. As much as we hate this, it is his decision in the end.”
Tony turns his head further back as he’s instructed to do so. There’s an awkward strain in his neck, but he decides to ignore it. It had been there for almost a week now and he isn’t going to accept it as anything other than a bad night’s sleep. He keeps reminding himself to buy new pillows, but never gets around to it.
There were many things Stan Lee had always liked about Tony. From the moment the young man was still a boy, following Hogan around with a smile that brightened sets and an eagerness that drew masses.
“Oh that,” Tony sighs, sitting further back in his seat. He smiles at his colleagues that slowly bustled out of the Hollywood Cinema. “Do you think anyone noticed?”
Bucky freezes as the elevator comes to a fitting halt and his mouth parts like the doors. Although Steve is well aware of his friend’s stunned gaze fixed on him the entire time, he’s grateful that the new loud company will be joining them for the rest of the ride down to the foyer. But his crowded peace is fleeting and the moment they exit, the second the tirade of accusations - more so than questioning - begins.
Steve watches Tony drop the remote control onto the couch, clutching the cellphone to his ear with the other hand. He watches Tony walk to the front door. He flinches, snapping out of his trance when Tony shuts the door behind himself.
“Not much, actually.” Joseph grins, holding firmly onto his son’s hand. “I dunno, do you think they’ll let me take a souvenir?”
And Steve’s wondering if Tony is slipping back into Stark mode as they ride up the elevator, because his boss is suddenly quiet and passive when he himself is itching to wrap his arms around the dark haired man again.
The smiles on the girls’ faces are infectious and Tony finds himself grinning wildly despite himself.
Then, as if at all possible, Steve feels himself get harder. Embarrassingly damp at the tip when Tony abandons his dance to straddle him. The act itself is mind-blowing enough, even without the thrill of craved contact Steve had no idea he so desperately needed. Even before Tony spreads his legs obscenely wide, thrusting filthily in a way that must be hurting Steve more than Tony’s elastic stunt. Because Steve has never felt such painful need for something he is already being given. Need for the tongue already tasting the inside of his mouth. Need for the feeling of Stark’s large hands on his skin, t-shirt bunching at the back of his neck reminding Steve that they have to find some sort of way to let go of each other long enough to strip.
Steve’s brows draw in a little harder as his eyes flutter open, clearly annoyed by whatever or with whoever is disturbing him. When he’s blinked the sleep away enough to see who’s in front of him, it takes a moment for him to fully register.
The bed is larger than any Steve has ever seen, more round than square and the mirrored ceiling is only slightly less daunting than what’s perched on a heavy blackwood table facing the pillows. The lens cap is off but the device is not on, the lack of red light tells Steve this. The video camera’s presence itself tells Steve that Tony hadn’t been joking about actually making a sex tape at all. But all uncertainty evaporates when Tony’s arm comes around his waist, glass of scotch in hand, mouth hot against the back of Steve’s neck.
“God please, Steve. Wait until it airs on Entertainment Now like the rest of my fans” Tony fans himself dramatically and they both laugh. Then Tony puts a game face on before slapping his hands together. “I do believe that interviewing me about an interview is not the reason you’ve been trying to get hold of me.”
“Holy shit,” Pepper completely ignores Howard, her eyes still fixed on Tony. Her smile brighter than ever. All men look at her, Hogan secretly relieved that the attention is off him for a second. “Do you have any idea what it means to get in with Marvel Productions?”
“Oh, ok.” Bucky scoffs. “You shag a couple times in the span of a month and now suddenly you know him?”
And so the rumors aren’t entirely false. Stark really does have a pretty blond thing willing to do anything to help him unwind after a long day’s work.  Steve will be pouring Tony a glass of his favorite scotch as they sit through their Painfully Corny Gay Amateur Porn production. And Steve will certainly be making a quick trip to the bathroom to make sure that when the movie is over, Tony finds no underwear under Steve’s dress pants.
“Actually,” the new employee speaks for the first time, voice already dripping with as much pomposity as his overly long face, high cheekbones and prudently constructed posture, “mine is spelt with a p-h.”
As Steve sits in the boardroom for Stark Industries’ weekly Monday morning power meeting, he is scowling, kicking himself for formulating such a ludicrous plan.
Steve realizes he hadn’t once thought about asking Tony for assistance. It just never crossed his mind. He had set out to do something, and as always, was determined to complete it himself. He never would have asked Tony either way, even if the idea had come up at the right moment.
Hesitantly, Tony brings his hand up, moving his fingers through Steve’s messy blond hair. He knows he’s prolonging the inevitable, but it can only last for so long.
Steve notices the genuine smile grace his father’s features and immediately picks up on who Joseph’s looking at. As if just remembering that Tony is there, he straightens up, clears his throat and wipes his remaining tears away. Steve hopes the embarrassment isn’t
“You’re not making my job any easier, Tony,” Pepper tries to put on her annoyed look, but the lazy grin on Tony’s face proves to be contagious once again.
It finally becomes clear to Tony what’s been disturbing his sleep. Opening one eye, he focuses on the television screen that’s illuminating the otherwise dark apartment. The flashes are torturous on his sensitive eyes so he pulls the pillow over his face and sighs.
Steve stands quickly; dodging Tony’s wet shorts as they fly passed him. He laughs, eyeing Tony from across the partially motionless azure mat.
“Lee kinda just…” Steve shrugs with a sigh, tossing his phone on the bed. “Where’ve you been, I’ve been tryna get you for the past week.”
He’s been moved from one hotel to another, one that Lee thinks is right for him. It’s like an upgrade from coach to a seat beside the pilot. Large and fully furnished. The hotel staff is tripping over themselves; overdoing everything they can to make Steve not have to lift a finger.
“What?” Steve asks, half wondering if he’s done something wrong. Half trying to remember if Tony had ever mentioned anything about being lactose intolerant.
“That boy has no idea how much shit he’s causing all of us,” Hogan frowns, quickening his pace down the hallway and to the staircase.
"Nice to see you Clint" Laura said and Tony kinda put his hand on her back to move. He knew the kids were watching and with Cooper watching he knew he did not want a fight here. Laura moved forward and hugged him and moved back. Clint just stood shocked he had no idea what had happened.
Half an hour later Widow and Hawkeye brought a guy who was passed out and frankly he wasnt very much alive as Sam noticed. They locked him up in one of the basements to interrogate later. "All we know is that the person who paid for this knows us well, he knew where we live what we do and he knows our methods of research. He did not have any name, just a paper with a picture of Stark mansion and o blew it up for money that is it. The money was was paid in cash and was dropped by another person who picked it up from a tunnel and the cameras weren't working so we have no idea who set this up" Natasha briefed. "Or maybe we do" Steve replied "We have pissed off a lot of people but who out of them would go to extreme lengths to destroy us?" Steve asked.
"NOOO" he sat up on the bed as he was shivering. He looked down and he was covered in his own sweat. He looked around and saw Natasha and Vision ready to attack. nat took his hand and kept it on her pulse so he could count in to his head and calm down. This wasnt the first time she did this.
Tony nodded and was off to his Lab. There were his favourite children, DUM-E, YOU and Butterfingers. Well not favourite that was Peter but no one had to know. That kid was something else. He started to visit him in hospital and started babysitting him. He hated it but somewhere inside he was happy that he had someone like him around. Innocence thats what the kid had and he promised himself he would protect that kid no matter what. Well his second favourite kids rolled towards him.
Tony walked off knowing what he had said, he agreed to speak to Steve what had he done. But he knew he needed to speak to him and he just could not delay it further, this talk was already causing him so much stress. He felt so tired already that he knew he needed to get over this talk and just not think anymore about it. Peter touched his back slightly.
"Hi Car bear, where is my other sweetheart?" Tony asked. He thought he was going to be ambushed by both of them
"Tony sometimes its okay to not to be fine. You wanna talk about it?" Tony just moved his head and Steve understood.
Steve turned around. He could not believe that Tony was apologising for something it wasnt his fault it was all Steve's fault and Tony was saying sorry.
Tony and Steve laid in each other arms, Tony's hand was rubbing up and down on Steve's back while his head rested on his chest. Steve was happy at the moment but he still had his doubts he did not want to hurt Tony but he did not know how to approach this topic. "Stop thinking babe" Tony whispered and his hand stopped, Steve moved back a little to look at Tony and smiled "How do you know I am thinking about something?" he said while placing a kiss on Tony's forehead. "I can clearly hear you thinking you know that right?" Tony replied. "Tony you love me right?" and Tony looked at Steve and smiled "Steve if you were paying attention attention I screamed how much I love you around 20 times in the last hour but I will say it again I love you Steven Grant Rogers and I will never stop so throw all this rubbish out of your head and get up we need to go back to our research. Also, I am going to take a shower and you Mr Rogers will join me" Tony replied.
"Steve your shield" Tony said and Steve just nodded. Steve just looked at it and did not move to grab it. He just looked at it and Tony was waiting for him to grab it.
"You going somewhere Cap?" Sam asked from the sofa. Steve blushed and Tony picked up what was happening. He knew Steve knew how much he loved him with shirt tucked in and he wore that because of him. Tony had no idea this was all because of the new guy.
"Well I snuck out they were going to discharge me anyway. You running away like always?" Tony said. He did not mean to be rude and sound so bitter but the words came out.
"Tony please try to understand. It is not safe and I want to be with Bucky I can be there if he turns. Take me with you. What if he hurts you I can be there to stop him" Steve said.
"Thanks Tony really appreciate it and stop calling me Sammy" Sam replied smiling. Tony knew he did not like the name but he enjoyed pissing him off.
"You are Tony Stark and that is Steve calm down Tony you can do this" Tony said to himself and walked out of his room. Steve was standing there wearing a baby blue shirt tucked in and his sleeves rolled up. He looked so Hot tony thought. Tony pushed all these thoughts away and took a breath and walked towards him.
"There wasn't a moment which went by and I didn't think of you. You were so far away yet you were in my dreams, in my thoughts. I really want this to work Tony and if you don't want me that is fine as well but give me a chance please" Steve said.
"I need a shower a very cold one" Tony said and walked away quickly. Steve just smiled and went in his room he needed a long shower as well. Steve was all dressed and ready to go to bed when Tony knocked on his door.
"So Dr Strange how long ill you be staying with us? We will be hosting a dinner tonight followed by movie as Vision and Wanda are back. Please join us" Bruce said.
"Me and Rhodey will be staying the night here Tony" Carol informed Tony. They still had there floor here.
"Yeah man. You should have seen Stark he knew it wasnt your fault and he doesnt blame you" Sam replied. Bucky just nodded. He could feel the headache coming. Sam left him some food and medicine to help him sleep. They sat with him and when he was done with dinner they left.
"But maybe its nothing like that the guy is here to help Wanda and we may be going a bit over board you know" Sam said to all of them. He wanted to be optimistic to this whole situation.
"I wont take long dont worry. I have realised we have limited time Steve and I do not want to spend that time fighting with you" Tony said.
In the evening everyone was present at the dinner table. Steve was happy to see Tony there but his smiled died on his lips when he saw Stephen and Tony sitting together.Laura and Clint were still not there and Cooper was present at the table with Peter. He came and sat in front of Stephen.
"Steve Peter was wrong, he was just upset with what had happened. He is very close to me and he sees me as a paternal figure. I love that kid Steve but I know when he is wrong. He was lashing out because he is afraid to lose me so please dont take anything he said to your heart. Although you already did by the look of your hands but I want you to know I dont blame you at all Steve and I know it was not your fault. This was all Ross's plan and I am okay so dont you think it was your fault or Bucky's. Okay?" Tony had said while taking his hand in Steves. Steve just held on to his hand. Tony saw a tear made way down on Steve's cheek. He was about to console him when the blonde started to talk.
"Well, you are not a genius" Tony mumbled and Stephen just laughed. When they both got up to leave Steve stood there with a grim expression on his face. Tony felt so much better after speaking to Stephen. He felt like a bit of burden was gone. He went towards Steve and threw himself in his arms which Steve accepted. However, there was certainly tension in his body. Stephen just nodded and left.
"You can pay me back by visiting me. Take care Tony" Stephen kissed his head and went. Tony smiled. Everything was falling into place. Steve was suppose to arrive and he did not. Tony thought maybe he got tired and cancelled. Maybe he should go and see him in the morning.
"If you want me too?" Steve replied. Tony was about to move when Steve noticed and stopped him. He just went on the other side and got under the covers. He made sure Tony's hand and foot was placed correctly. He left space between them and just stared at Tony. Tony was starring back at him and smiled.
"Stevie I know you are worried and honestly I am scared as well but me, Tony and Sam have been having these sessions to prepare myself. I am not sure if this would work but if it doesnt i want someone to stop the soldier and I know Tony would do it. He told me that he have asked them to allow you as well because the idiot thinks you are worried that he will hurt me. I told him no and that I want him to be there but he did not look convinced so talk to him?" Bucky replied and squeezed his shoulder. Steve just nodded.
"I am glad you asked and I had a great dinner. How have you been Steve?" Tony asked as he focused on Steve's face and the blonde looked tired.
"Buck I screwed up I almost killed him" He started crying again. Bucky and Sam just hugged him and sat there with him for a while.
"No No Tony this was for you no you cant give this back. This meant my love for you that what it shows"
Next day everyone gathered on the floor where the room for Hulk was build. Friday had alerted them that Bucky was stirring up. Steve stood in front of Tony. He was in the front near the glass but he made sure the way he stood Bucky couldn't see Tony. Bucky set up his head hurts but he could feel someone else taking control of his brain and everything flashed about what the other guy did to Tony. Bucky was so ashamed and the other guy wanted to take control over but he could not allow that. He examined his surroundings and he was in a room. Everyone was looking at him.
"Well we don't have Dum-E, YOU and Butterfingers here and they missed you so.." Tony knew Cooper being the oldest was upset with his father and was avoiding meeting him. Laura had spoke to the kids and Lila was confused but Cooper was not happy.
"I know and I love you too Steve" Tony nuzzled himself further into Steve's neck. He smelled so nice and fresh.
"Oh shut up Cap this is no bother just hurry up so I can start eating food again before Stephen steals some of it like always" Tony got up and walked towards the bathroom. Steve quietly followed him. Tony took his hands and put them under warm water. Steve did not even wince he just kept looking at Tony.
"I know you said we should be down there all of us but I mean are you sure you want to be there" Steve asked. He did not want Tony down there what if it was Winter Soldier and he hurt Tony somehow.
Stephen and Tony were off to pick up Rhodey. Stephen was still helping Rhodey with his injury and they left to check on him. It was only Steve and Carol. Carol was about to head off as well.
"Longing. Rusting. Seventeen. Dawn. Stove. Nine. Kind-Hearted. Homecoming. One. Freight Car. Ready to comply?" The tape was played. Bucky was fidgeting but he was looking at Tony. He knew he was in control.
"Oh man this is confusing, my work on gamma radiation is simple than this" bruce replied and Nat just smiled at her idiot.
"There is no point of you asking anyone Sam as everyone as at Stark mansion and will be having the dinner there. Is your stuff ready Tony?"
Sam met Tony's eye and nodding to say Thank you. Bucky smiled and Scott looked happy as well. Steve was still outside. Cooper did not look happy and Peter just stood next to Tony and squeezed his arm.
Tony was in a chokehold and was losing colour on his face when Steve, Nat and Carol attacked Bucky. As soon as the entered Steve attacked Barnes. He made him lose his grip and fixed Bucky's attention on him. Steve had punched him and taken Bucky into his hold. He held his metal arm while Nat and Carol held him down. Rhodey went to Tony to see if he was breathing properly.
"The what ifs they do not let us live Carol. You will think about this for a long time but just remember one thing Rhodey is safe because of you and he is alive. He is sitting in the next room and soon his leg will be the same but if you keep thinking about what could have happened you wont be able to enjoy this future with him you know" Carol just nodded and cleaned her face. She got up with all her strength and just nodded towards Steve. Steve got up and walked in the other room. He rolled his eyes when he entered the room. Tony was trying to feed hospital food to Rhodey even when doctor said he could have normal food.
"I dont care, why do you guys get to eat all these eggs and pancakes and I get this? I want pancakes as well" Tony replied.
"Well I am planning to take her with me to Kamar Taj for a month to test her ability and provide her better control. Do you think she will agree?"
He was wrong. It had been 2 days since he last saw Tony. His bones were almost healed and still no show from the genius. He went down to the lab twice and after 5 minutes trying to get access Friday had told him to leave. He knew that Tony came back to his floor really late at night as his door would be slightly opened when he woke up every morning and Steve had the perfect plan to ambush him. He sat in Tony's lounge in darkness. It was 2 am when the elevator opened and he saw Tony coming out.
"NO NO MY FAULT TONY IS IN THERE BECAUSE IT IS MY FAULT I DID THIS" Steve started shouting and everyone knew he was having a break down.
"I know I screwed up Tony and I am trying here to make up for it but you have to understand that it works both ways" Steve said. He just wanted Tony to tell him what was wrong so he could fix it.
"Well she just shared some words I would like to share some magic with him" Stephen mummers making sure Tony heard it and Tony just gave hime the look.
"Okay Mr Stark. But you will tell me if something is wrong, right?" Peter was now sitting in the chair beside him.
"Bruce you will have other people with you in there as well. It wont be Nat only you know that right?" Steve said.
"Yes and he wanted to see you as well, you can leave tomorrow. I have already prepared the jet. The holidays are going to be starting soon so it should not be a problem and no matter what he loves his family Laura. You and I we both know that"
"So now as Tony has gone lets drop being nice. Lets be clear on one thing I do not like anyone of you and I will not unless you give me a reason otherwise. Sam you seem nice but I am not sure how nice you are, James has forgiven you and told me about you so you might be the only person I can tolerate. James/Bucky you do not have any memory of the crime you committed and have suffered enough so I do not hold anything against you but stay a bit away from him till he decides. Clint try not to piss Nat off anymore than you have by protecting people.." Carol was about to say more when she sensed the mind invading tinge she knew where it was coming from.
Meanwhile Strange was laughing and Tony just smiled. He knew what Stephen was doing and as much as he did not like it he was having fun seeing Steve jealous.
"Hey its in the past alright? You can see them in 2 days I believe if everything goes smoothly which it will. I can bring them here but I am not sure if Hank will approve. That guy is tough man"
"Tony I am worried and hear me out before you start giving me I am fine bullshit. I care about you and I do  not want to see you hurt again. Rogers is obviously expecting or trying to get you back and I wont stand on the side to see you hurt. I have seen enough" Tony opened his mouth to defend Steve and Stephen knew Tony well and before he could speak Tony was cutoff "Before you defend him tell me he knows that you were about to die twice. Does he know what his shield did to your heart and how it sopped beating twice on the table. Did you tell him this?"
"There was an explosion" Carol had said those words and the line was dead now, Tony just sat their shock for a minute "explosion" this was all he could hear. He didn't even know what to think what was the situation. A hand grabbed his hand and he jerked out of his thoughts he looked up and there was Steve. "St-eve there-" Tony started but he couldnt form words. Steve knew what had Carol said due to his super soldier hearing but Tony was panicking. "Breath baby, breath sweetheart" Steve cooed and took Tony's hand and kept it on his chest. "Just count my breaths yeah?" Steve said rubbing Tony's arm. Tony looked up and slowly he was back to normal.
"I-Buck he left. He left me and I-" Steve started to speak but he chocked up he just couldnt speak all he could see was Tony's defeated face and tears welled up in his eyes.
"He brought you in and was with you the whole time. He is pissed Steve" Nat said after she saw the question mark on Steve's face that why Tony wasnt here. Steve just nodded. He knew Tony was upset. He will speak to him once he get out.
"Nothing is easy Tony it never is" They both just sat silently throughout the car ride. When they reached the mansion. Tony helped Laura with the kids and when he reached the lounge Carol was up waiting for him.
"He wont give up that easily but lets hope" Bruce said and Tony nodded. Everyone went to there bed leaving Tony and Steve alone.
"I am worried about you as well Bucky its not that I dont care about you. I know you will pass the Trial but I dont want Tony to be hurt" Steve replied looking down. He was ashamed that he was admitting this but he could never lie to Bucky.
"Well she wanted to see what was inside my mind and that is not welcomed here, this will keep her out for one hour. Tell her to behave or next time it will be high dosage. it hasnt been a whole day and she has started to piss me off already."
In the evening everyone visited Tony. He was allowed to leave in 2 days but he knew he could snuck out in the night as well but with way all the members were guarding him he doubted it. Bruce had told him that till he took less stress, ate on time, had a healthy sleep pattern and looked after himself he would be fine and Peter had taken notes. Bucky was confused about some things but Sam and him were listening with so much interest which made Tony laugh and earned him a glare from Carol. Rhodey and Carol were so pissed at him and Carol had taken her mission to blast Ross out of this world. Steve just stood in the corner making mental notes about Tony's health. Laura and the kids visited him and he was happy to see Laura happy.
"Wanda is going like Kamar Taj so stop telling her to come back here Stark. Always trying to steal people from me" Stephen said. He was standing beside Carol.
"Bucky I just really want to go out please do not stop me" Steve left and went for a run. He was responsible for this and he hated himself.
"Thanks Fri, you guys ready to move? Remember be nice okay I cant handle another Civil War and Carol you dont even know them yet so give them a chance before you start shooting unicorn poop from your hand on them. Peter stay close to pepper and Rhodey. Pepper you have all the paper work right? Nat and Vis you guys be-"
"Tony you say the word and we can go out and probably have some good pizza. I mean I really appreciate that you are making the effort but I want you to take it easy. Dont do something you are not comfortable with" Nat replied with a sigh. She was just worried.
"I am fine Steve stop apologising its just its been a long time when I woke up with someone next to me. I am just processing it" Tony replied. He wasnt upset about anything just felt a bit overwhelmed. Sure Nat and Vis stayed with him sometimes but waking up next to Steve felt so good and yet so terrifying. He would love to wake up like this but he knew last time he got too comfortable Steve broke his heart and left him with empty room.
"I am okay. I had a talk with him you know and didnt freak out. We are currently acquaintance or in other words trying to be civil" Tony said. He knew strange had been there with him as his doctor for advice. He had seen Tony when he was brought back from Siberia and was also there when he nearly died of alcohol poisoning. He was a good friend a brother to Tony like Bruce.
Tony thought work will make him feel better the whole chat with Steve was too much for him he just could not take it in anymore. Where as, Steve sat in his room. No he could not sleep every time he closed his eyes all he could see was Tony dead because of him. How did he not stop himself. He should have spoken to Tony no matter what he should not have hid things from him. He had screwed up and all he wanted was Tony back. He sat there with his tags the one he gave to Tony and now Tony had given him back. He did not understand how can he make it better but he loved Tony and wanted him back. There was a knock at his door.
"Yeah I am fine. Can you speak to Clint. A fight happened between him and Laura. The kids you know did not take Clint well and Laura tried but it did not end well. Clint is kind of alone and you know him the best"
"He is okay. They sent him off to bed. The kid wanted to stay up till Tony woke up but we put him to bed. We have not informed Pepper yet" Rhodey said.
"Dum-E I make you clean because you are the best at it and Butterfingers come here and help" Dum-E beeped happily and went to work. Tony looked over and the bot was creating a bigger mess.
Tony Stark - the star – who is doing absolutely phenomenally. Scores of reporters are screaming for him and he’s doing his best to make time for all of them. He’s already signed scores of autographs and at least six out of ten witty remarks he’s made that night will certainly make the morning paper.
“Don’t fight me,” Steve encourages softly as a third finger joins his other two, “let me in. Look at me.”
The dressing room door swings open. Howard Stark strides swiftly in with Hogan right behind him. Tony can almost swear he can smell brimstone.
Tony knows he’s doing way too much thinking. Even while he’s doing his best to block out scornful looks from his father and judging looks from his friends. He’s trying to block all of them out completely; yet making the effort still brings them up nonetheless.
“I’m strictly behind the scenes for this one,” Tony admits. “I’m enjoying it more this way, in fact. It just makes it so much better my being here tonight that it’s the same night the world will be introduced properly to Sam Wilson, who happens to be the lead in our production.”
“He’s Tony Stark’s co-star.” She sighs, her confidence making Brock itch. Of course he will listen to her now.
“Well here’s something that might shock you a little, Tony,” Hogan scowls, “that is exactly all you can do. It’s what you were made for.”
“Mr. Stark,” the receptionist’s eyes go wide when she sees what Tony has commandeered, “you’re not permitted to take that. It’s clients’ documentation. That’s illegal. Even if Sharon no longer works here, you could get into a lot of trouble.”
He sits up when the phone rings again, waking him from a highly uncomfortable nap. The big bag of potato chips slides off his belly and falls to the ground, emptying most of the crumbed contents onto the carpet. He growls a chain of curses as the muffled shrill continues. After a few more rings, he grabs a hold of the cordless phone, digging it out from where it was firmly lodged between the brown couch seats.
“Can I come in?” Tony asks carefully. He’s only slightly surprised when a reluctant Steve finally steps aside for him to enter.
She observes him almost as if she’s inwardly coming to terms with something. She looks at him with only what Steve can pin as concern.
With such a delightful crew and an awesome look, Tony decides that Hogan couldn’t have picked a better brand for him.
Even now as he sits in the boardroom and Bucky taps his thigh under the table, showing Steve a caricature of Mr. Stark being mauled by lions, all Steve can do is glare at his friend before returning his attention back to the boss. Because Tony has been looking directly at everyone but him and Tony has asked the room for suggestions only to deliberately talk over Steve when he is the only one willing to offer one and then Tony adjourns the meeting having discussed every point on the itinerary apart from the very valid one Steve had wanted to bring to attention regarding his department.
It’s a badly drawn caricature of Mr. Stark being struck by lightning, a lot better than the one he’d drawn of Stark being eaten by a shark during their last boardroom meeting. Steve hides his chuckle behind his fist, feigning a cough. It isn’t due to Bucky’s poor sense of humor; it’s the look of accomplishment on his face that always cracks Steve up.  The same mischief from years ago when they were being reprimanded by the principal for tugging Pepper Potts’ pigtails.
“Tony, please,” a man with a headset and clip board urges him to keep following, “You’re on in less than three minutes.”
“I’ll be there in ten,” Steve nods, feeling a thrilling sort of warmth burst throughout his chest. Growing more when he notices a ghost of a smile touch Tony’s lips, lips that he’s been starving to taste ever since the last moment he was permitted to kiss them.
It happens instantly. Like raw steak being tossed in the middle of a pack of ravenous and rabid wolves. Microphones and flashes are suddenly all on Steve Rogers. A thousand and one questions are being thrown at him. A whole new wave of nervousness washing to shore.
