John changes his position, determined to find that spot, shifting further down to make his cock drag deliciously along Iris’s insides. When he hits it, Iris’s whole body jerks and the little Omega cries out.
“I do,” she admitted. “I’ve checked it.”
She didn’t respond to his accusatory tone, so he pressed on.
Dressing for the funeral felt like preparing for battle, without any of the camaraderie or bluster. The deafening silence reminded him that he had to face this alone. His suit was pressed, his hair combed and gelled into place. He had shaved twice, in the hopes of avoiding a haggard look by the end of the day. Any measures he could take would surely help. He steeled himself for the pity and morbid curiosity that he had attracted since the day Sherlock died. In the mirror, John looked a perfect picture except for the emptiness in his tired eyes, and the bags that weighed them down. He repeatedly checked his watch until he couldn’t delay any further, then he slowly headed down the stairs to collect Mrs. Hudson.
John tried to throw his focus into each person who crossed his path, accepting and offering condolences, and carefully listening to every story that was offered to him. Some were insignificant, but even some of the shortest stories held a light up to the multi-faceted man that Sherlock had chiseled into being. John laughed, cried, and reveled in the revelations of Sherlock’s private interactions with others. His heart felt light as he heard the many ways Sherlock had touched so many people, and he only ached to share that knowledge with Sherlock. Perhaps he knew now. As big as the detective’s head had swollen regarding his intelligence and abilities, he had never quite wrapped that big head around the fact that people liked him. Thank God, John supposed, but still – it was a grim outlook, to think that he was only wanted for his mind and never for who he was.
John’s chest ached under all the admissions he wished he had made. It was easy to tell himself the tender words could wait when he thought they would have forever, but now, saying the words wouldn’t make a lick of difference. The words weren’t meant for her.
It wasn’t helpful. For each of her gripes, John had to bite back the flip side.
John rolled his eyes. They didn’t need to have this argument, and certainly not on such a public forum.
The imagined afternoon in the park with the bees never came. Moriarty and his bloody game clouded their life and stole their precious time. John stood by Sherlock through it all until his patience snapped in the lab. Not even an hour later, Sherlock jumped. John had come to think of their lives as one, a life meant for them to live together, and now Sherlock’s was over.
A new beginning
He picked up his glass and settled into his armchair with a sigh, crossing his legs. He took a sip of the whiskey and sat, only for a moment before he lost the battle against his curiosity and grabbed the DVD. He picked up the case and flipped it in his fingers, glancing briefly at the television. He had a player. He had an excuse. This was a chance to see his mannerisms, his stupid little charming habits that he missed so desperately. It was a chance to hear his voice again. To hear his name called by that voice again. Before he could talk himself out of it, John dropped the disc in the player and walked back to grab his drink. He plopped down on the sofa across from the television and stared at the wallpaper in 221B, complete with the spray-painted smiley face he hadn’t been able to scrub away. He took another sip of whiskey to steel himself and stared just above the television as Sherlock’s baritone rumbled into his flat. It had been so long since he had heard that voice. He hadn’t quite forgotten, but the memories had taken a ghostly form. Hearing Sherlock’s voice so clearly was almost alarming.
“I was
in the middle of the night…”
“Sher…” A knot rose in his throat, and his voice became too thick to grind out. He swallowed against the block and tried again.
“That’s all the time that we have today,” she said quietly, interrupting his thoughts.
When morning came, John wasn’t sure what he regretted more: the drinking or the phone call. He felt too humiliated to thank Harry for her help, and he couldn’t bear hearing her voice, so he sent a long text asking her to keep the previous night’s events between themselves.
yes.”
John nodded. “Yeah. The parks, the river walk… the touristy crap.” He paused for a moment. “D’you know I haven’t been to some of that either? Tower of London, all that.”
John stared at the screen while frustration and sadness twisted in his gut.
up the stairs. Sherlock’s weight had been hell on his back and knees, and Sherlock had always tangled his limbs around John in the most awkward way. But now, even as Sherlock’s body weighed painfully upon his shoulder, John was glad to carry him one last time.
“I love you,” she said earnestly, the first time that night that she sounded anything other than in control. If John were sober, he would have heard the concern in her voice.
“Oh yeah, good. Yeah. Much better,” he said, settling on the sofa.
Monday morning at the clinic, he felt different, but in a good way. He felt more whole. Over the past several months he had shunned part of his past – and a big part of himself. He was emotionally exhausted but hopeful that he could make something of this new beginning. It was easier to smile at patients, laughing with them over anecdotes and asking about their weekends. The fog was starting to lift, and John was so grateful.
John took another bite of his sandwich and contemplated Mary, wondering why she might be joining him. She looked up with a smile and he instinctively smiled back around his mouthful. He quickly swallowed and cleared his throat. “So, um, you wanted to talk?”
He walked around the room and took stock. The décor had all the drab drapings of a funeral parlor; ubiquitous tissue boxes, bland wallpaper, a certain musty smell that even the bunches of flowers couldn’t cover up. At the front of the room lay Sherlock’s coffin with a spray of flowers on top. He paused before the kneeling bench. Sherlock might start rolling if John knelt to pray for him. He knew that his only prayer would be hopeless – all he wanted was for Sherlock to be alive. He extended his hand, gently laying it about two thirds up the length of the coffin, roughly where Sherlock’s chest should be. He closed his eyes, not fighting tears if only because he had exhausted his supply. The hard, cool surface of the coffin felt wrong on his palm. It should be warm flesh, a shirt and a chest and a heart beating in steady assurance. Sherlock’s heart no longer beat. His skin would be cold, unfeeling, all the things he had claimed to be, but never was. John pulled his hand away suddenly, clenching a fist as his chest caved in. He sucked in a desperate breath and turned away. He couldn’t think about Sherlock. He had to think about getting through the day first.
John turned a few lights on and stood in the doorway for a couple minutes. He was overwhelmed. Where to start? John knew that if he asked, Mycroft would send people to come through and scrub the flat of all traces of Sherlock, but he didn’t want that. He could make decisions after getting some sleep. He skipped dinner, choosing instead to head straight up to his room. He stripped off his clothes and curled up in his bed, feeling more alone than ever.
that he couldn’t even voice, but before he could continue his increasingly hoarse rambling, Harry led him away to a private room and found a cup, ordering him to drink. He took the cup, squeezing his eyes shut as a shudder passed through him. A dark part of him wished the cup contained something stronger than tap water. When he opened his eyes to Harry’s unsure expression, he knew that his sister could read him like a book. She knew his shameful wish, and he knew that she had likely shared that wish a hundred times over. John swallowed hard, then took a sip to wash down the bitter poison of their troubled past.
“Oh, that, yeah. That’s um, that’s stuff from my office. Stuff of Sherlock’s,” he explained. “I probably should have thrown it out, but I didn’t know if…”
John cleaned up and glanced at the clock, sighing when he saw he still had an hour to go before they were supposed to go bury Sherlock. It was something of a rushed affair, but part of him just wanted it all over with. John stood up and brushed himself off, bringing Harry back with him. As he re-entered the viewing room, he busied himself with introducing Sherlock’s friends to his sister, putting names to faces for her.
birthday. John had never known about Sherlock’s birthday before the funeral. Now he knew he would never forget the date.
“Thank you for coming,” he murmured, and he meant every word, even to Sally who couldn’t quite meet his eyes. Anderson was actually crying. John didn’t know what to do, and he was thankful when Greg ushered the man away to clean him up.
“There you go,” she gently praised him as he followed her instructions. He was slowly losing his steam as the alcohol started to settle. His dizziness no longer felt giddy, and his glee quickly turned to guilt. He begged her to tell him what to do, and she complied.
John realised that Mary was holding his hand and he held fast. Mary was doing for him now what Sherlock had done back then. His heart was broken but not incapable of beating, or feeling. He wouldn’t let this opportunity pass him by. Not again.
Saying it hadn’t been easy, but it was such a weight off his chest. It was one of the truths that had shaped his relationship with Sherlock, yet he had never addressed it with the other man; it had seemed there was never a good time to talk about it, and then they were out of time.
That was all he could manage.
– souvenirs from cases that they had bought, or that Sherlock had nicked. The crystal ashtray from Buckingham palace sat ignored and unused on the table, and a lucky cat stared from the mantle. John wasn’t sure which was worse – the things he couldn’t take because they weren’t his, or the things he couldn’t bear to take because they would only remind him of Sherlock. The memories hurt. The flat itself made him ache. It wasn’t home.
“No more visitors, at all hours of the day!”
Mrs. Hudson patted his arm. “It’s okay, John. There’s nothing unusual in that. That’s the way he made
“That
“We’ll go together then,” Mary declared, solidifying the plan.
John told himself he tried to be a good brother, but in all honesty, he had failed. Perhaps he couldn’t judge Mycroft so harshly after all. John had been so concerned with his own life, so excited by his own prospects, that he had stood by while arguments and alcoholism clouded his little sister’s life to the point that she no longer recognized herself. Her life got steadily worse while John rose through the ranks in the Army, deploying for months at a time before stopping home for a celebratory pint (or four) with his sister while on leave. He cringed in hindsight.
“No, please, there’s just one more thing, mate, one more thing.” He hadn’t planned this. He hadn’t practiced this in his head. “One more miracle, Sherlock, for me. Don’t… be… dead.” His voice broke and thickened with tears. “Would you do that? Just for me, just stop it.” He could almost always convince Sherlock to do something he didn’t want to, just for him. He felt his self-control unraveling as he gestured helplessly toward the barren ground. “Stop this.”
“Yeah, um.” John suddenly wished he had packed a napkin. “What’s up?”
His chest heaved, but he couldn’t cry. Maybe he had run out of tears. His eyes burned nonetheless, and he apologized to Ella. To her credit, she didn’t try to tell him it was all right. Nothing was all right. When he finally sucked in another deep breath and met her gaze, she was still staring at him, leaning toward him, challenging him.
Visiting Sherlock.
. It was as sweet as it was incomprehensible. “He could be like that,” he murmured.
“Write something,” she encouraged him. “I’m looking forward to seeing what you have to say.”
alone, and I owe you so much.” He inhaled shakily. “Okay.”
“Never been there either,” he admitted.
“No.” The word was nearly lost to her ears. He shifted uncomfortably.
“You need to talk about this, John. If you don’t… you will go back.” She crossed her legs and smoothed her skirt. “You’re not there yet, but I don’t think either of us want that for you.”
John had ways of compartmentalizing and justifying and focusing on the next day, the next patient, the next life in his hands. Even as a student in the hospital, death became part of the routine. As several of his professors had stressed, it was a natural part of life. It wasn’t easy, it never was. But it had been a part of his life for years, and he had learned how and when to embrace it. There was a time to fight, and a time to accept the inevitable.
still stuck out slightly, and John reached out to gently extract it. He cringed as the other books fell into the void it left, but the disorder wouldn’t upset Sherlock now, would it? He opened the book and thumbed through its pages. It smelled musty, and John relished the weight of it in his lap. He started to scan it, taking the time to read Sherlock’s notes now. Even as his vision shimmered with tears threatening to fall, John smiled. He could practically hear Sherlock’s voice. John couldn’t make sense of half of what he was reading, but that wasn’t the
After reviewing the few pictures he had of Sherlock, he wanted to indulge in documenting his happy moments. He would no longer allow himself to be ashamed of his happiness, or his desire to revel in those moments. Whatever this was with Mary, whatever they might be in the future, they were happy. The picture was proof of that.
“Pretty picture, innit?” John said after several minutes passed, gesturing toward the manmade stream flowing amongst the plants.
Finally, the doors closed. The funeral director came to the front of the room and addressed the crowd that had stuck around for the burial. He said a few words about his professional relationship with Sherlock, including a few of Sherlock’s quips and questions about his job that made John cringe as hard as they made him laugh. He sobered when the floor was offered to anyone who wanted to make any comments. John swore he could instantly feel at least half a dozen pairs of eyes on him. He sunk into his chair a little. He had never been good at these things. He had to prepare his words to make sure he got them right. As it became evident that he would not be speaking, a few individuals chose to stand and share the stories they told John earlier. Then, to his great surprise and mild horror, Harry stood. Even as he blushed, John folded his hands in his lap. Things would only be worse if he tried to stop her.
“Ten.” Sherlock says, answering him as the kid says nine. “It’s a countdown. He’s giving me time.” The detective’s eyes shoot all around the painting, trying to take in every detail but nothing stands out.
“I…thought it would help you sleep.” Iris finally looks up and he has a small glint of mischief in his eyes. John almost misses it before the Omega’s eyes have moved away as he turns around to leave.
Sherlock’s insides clamp down on him, pressing on him and forcing a growl from his mouth, his tip gushing out his thick seed, filling up the Omega. John quickly leans over and bites into Sherlock’s offered scent gland, breaking the skin as their bodies are both in total ecstasy. The Omega doesn’t even feel the bite, the overwhelming sensation of being pumped full of cum overriding any discomfort he might otherwise feel.
“I told you: someone left Alex Woodbridge a message. There can’t be
“How’s it feel pup?” Sherlock whispers in his pup’s ear, nibbling on his lobe as he watches John start to thrust again, his mouth open as he begins to pant, drawing more scent into his fogging Alpha brain. He stares at where his cock enters Iris, drawn in by the virgin’s beautiful pink hole that wraps around him.
Eventually, the knot deflates and John pulls his still stiff cock out of Iris’s warmth and is pleased to see no cum drips out, the teen’s body having closed up to keep a hold of the Alpha’s seed in order to guarantee a pup.
“John…what the hell?” The detective is so stunned he loses his filter for just a moment and curses.
John pours his feelings into the kiss, making sure that Sherlock knows that he loves him, even if he hasn’t gotten to say it yet. Even if he never gets the courage to say it out loud, his mate will know it from everything he does for him and for Iris.
As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
“If we ever find out we can thank them later. Best be off, while we still can. I doubt we’ll get lucky a third time.” They look at each other before both bolting for the door. The adrenaline pumping once again as they run outside, Sherlock having grabbed his coat and shoved the pistol inside. It’s cold out but Sherlock keeps running, not willing to wait around for a cab so close to where Moriarty still might be. John keeps back a few paces but together they run as Sherlock looks for a spot to enact his own plan on the Alpha.
Alpha, with John who takes care of him and courted him properly, who will mate him properly.
“I’ll see if it’s been reported.” Lestrade is on his phone before he’s even finished his sentence.
Sherlock looks to John, they haven’t gotten to the level of silent communication that he and Iris have, but he bores his light eyes into the Alpha’s darker ones, asking for the permission to take this as far as it needs to go. He can see the understanding as John nods once, giving him the go-ahead. “Probably my answer has crossed yours.” Sherlock says, swinging the pistol around to once again point it at Moriarty. The man has no reaction until the detective starts to slowly lower it toward the bomb vest on the ground, prompting just the slightest hint of anxiousness if only for a moment, which then morphs into a smile a moment later.
“I like Iris, more than I should. I
By the time he is willing to follow the detective, they are typing the answer to the case into Sherlock’s website. The answer isn’t even on the site for a second before the phone is already ringing. To John that seems suspicious, as if the bomber knew before he even typed the answer that Sherlock had it.
John doesn’t take his eyes off Donovan and stands there a moment longer waiting for a response. Unexpectedly, he gets one in the form of a short nod.
John feels like he’s getting smarter with each case he goes on. Sherlock might not be happy with what’s happened around the flat but if he can help with this case, he might just get back in his good graces enough to explain the other stuff. If he were still courting Sherlock, not that he had truly started, he could have presented his findings each time as his gifts. Usually courting gifts were small and given frequently, but Sherlock wasn’t the type to like flowers and candies, or trinkets which gleam. But tangible clues and theories behind cases, things that John would think of but the detective wouldn’t, could be invaluable.
“No, but Sherl... The hostage... the
He draws his hand back, waiting for the Omega to answer his question, but the Prince stays silent. The Alpha lets his hand smack against the pale skin once, the sound obscenely loud in the small room. Sherlock bucks against the table and cries out, his voice high in his whine, a single small tear falling from the corner of his eye and onto the table below.
“Well, he has a very distinctive look. He has to hide somewhere where tongues won’t wag…much.” Sherlock looks around the corner, spotting a large shadow on the wall shaped like a person. He gives John a signal that they are about to go in and John reaches to his side but realizes he doesn’t have his weapon.
Lestrade lets them leave quickly, it’s late and the police now have to deal with the fallout. The call of an explosion rings in quickly and it’s no secret that this is where the poor woman was.
much, you have no idea.” Sherlock gives him a kiss on the nose and then one on his sweaty forehead, before hugging him toward him. Iris gives a little chuckle. “What’s so funny?”
you.” Sherlock looks to John but the Alpha just stares at the madman. “Wait.” He tells the other person on the line.
Wanna chat more about the story? Have an idea or something you want to see in the future? Let me know and I'll drop a discord link for you.
.” The Alpha snarls against his back and pushes in grinding his slowly inflating knot against Sherlock’s abused rim before picking his pace back up. “Your ass is mine.”
“Uncle, UNCLE! PLEASE! LISTEN!” Iris shouts.
“Get Connie Prince’s background. Family history, everything. Give me data.” With a nod, John is off, rushing from the room. A soldier with a mission.
, never say that again. Don’t you see, Moriarty was manipulating you, that’s what he does. The Omega looking like Iris wasn’t a coincidence, he knew what he was doing. He wanted your Alpha to be put under the spell of the virgin scent and you
With a nod toward Lestrade and a quick turn, he walks to a frozen Sherlock. The Omega’s expression is one of observation, just one of the many John has categorized over the weeks. John knows why he did it, knows that Sherlock wouldn’t want him fighting his battles, likely doesn’t care even the slightest about Donovan’s hate for him, but John does. But it was more for Donovan than anyone else to be honest. John has taken worse from his sister for years and never reacted, Sherlock himself would just snip back occasionally at the Beta, but if John called her out on it. Put everything she was doing into a different perspective. She might just change for the better, which could help them all solve crimes together as a team.
you were focused on the case for me so — I don’t mind.” Sherlock purrs and nuzzles his nose into John’s scent gland, leaving small kisses on his skin. He won’t let John’s amazing control over himself get in the way of making him
John doesn’t realize he’s weirdly smiling to himself and humming cheerily as he contemplates the best way to kill himself that would keep Sherlock preoccupied. He should take on another mob, but a Russian one this time instead of Chinese. If he beat them, then he did good for the world and if not Sherlock would take them down after, so a win win scenario right?
Not wanting to taunt him too much, John does smaller licks instead and finds as he does  that he doesn’t mind the experience, it just tastes like skin. He delicately cleans the clear precum from Sherlock’s cock, finding that he likes the flavor. Which doesn’t surprise him considering he likes the taste of his own cum.
“Yep.” Sherlock says, popping the P sound. “He was over the moon. Threatened me with a knighthood…again.” Sherlock shivers a bit as a breeze comes through the window.
They’re lucky the door to the bedroom is open, which John quickly remedies once they’re inside, kicking it shut behind him. He walks over to the bed and tips Sherlock backward, letting the two of them fall sideways into the nest. John gets on his knees caging in the slender Omega underneath him. Sherlock lifts his head with a whine, greedy to capture John’s lips and the Alpha obliges, kissing him roughly, forcing his head back down into the blankets. They both moan as they pick up where they left off in the alleyway, lips locked and tongues twirling together in ravenous passion, this time horizontally. Everything better now that they have the comfortable nest below them, smelling of home and soon to be their combined mating. A scent that will share together for the rest of their lives.
“No you won’t.” Jim shakes his head.
“Archway suicide.” John says uninterested, still trying to calm down.
“What can I do?” Sherlock asks as John sits up a bit and moves Iris’s legs, straightening one and hiking the other up onto Sherlock’s hip, letting the two Omegas keep cuddling, now front to front. Iris groans a bit but let’s himself be positioned without too much complaint. He shuffles a bit but his dad just gets closer and lets him curl into him, Iris hugging him close for safety.
“No, no, please. You’ve got the rest of your life.”
“A-Alpha.” Iris moans below him.
“I don’t do
John nods before manhandling his mate until he can get him on his belly. The Omega presents himself immediately like Iris had done, his abused hole on display, dripping obscenely onto the bed. John wastes no time, he sinks into his new mate and immediately thrusts hard, setting a brutal pace like he used for the pup. It’s going to be quick for Sherlock, the Omega is already on edge.
“How’s he feel?” Sherlock asks and John’s brain tries to form some sort of answer, but his mouth just hangs open panting as he keeps thrusting into Iris.
And there it is everyone, the final chapter.
“Lucky for you that when Iris is an Uni and you’re off…wherever you are, Mrs Hudson and I watch far too much telly.” The Alpha gets up and finds the little remote control, turning on the television and flicking through the channels until he finds what he’s looking for. He’s sat and watched the show many times with the Old Omega, enjoying how much excitement she seems to get from it. He found that hanging around her gave him a chance to breathe sometimes, her muted scent not over powering his nose and she didn’t seem to have visitors, so it seemed mutually beneficial. It even seemed like she relaxed in his scent when he was around. She didn’t make it obvious but John could tell she found it soothing. He had made sure to put out more scent near her door and in the hallway, claiming the building itself as his territory and not just the flat. She was becoming a piece of his family too, he could see why Sherlock and Iris liked her.
a message left for Alex on the landline.” John and Iris lock eyes, clearly both intrigued. “I can play it, if you’d like. I’ll get the phone.”
! It’ll take us
John’s head is swimming in wonderful bliss, but that shifts when his knot hits a point in Sherlock that it becomes too much and he can feel a break. A pained hiccup, followed by the Omega’s whole body tensing can be felt as John’s knot breaks a piece of Sherlock that his scent had said was broken long ago.
John and Sherlock have escaped Moriarty with their lives. As they run back to the flat, Sherlock enacts the plan he had been sitting on since after the explosion.
“It was just a job, you know?” She shakes her head.
-----
“Mmmm. Feels nice.” Sherlock hums. John kisses him and he can feel the apology from John as he’s gentle with his lips, kissing him slowly with patient passion.
Hey everyone, thanks for continuing onto the second chapter. I would like everyone to again take a careful look at the tags, specifically the incest (father/son) tag. If you have anything against the tag, it is time to turn back around, I will not be offended in the slightest. My work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the behavior in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. This story has not been beta read, please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors.
For anyone who wonders why I was gone for so long, please look back at the previous chapter and notice that it has over 2k new words and has been heavily edited to be better than when I originally posted it. I've learned from this past year of writing that putting chapters out each month is just too stressful and I feel like I was putting out chapters too fast. The last chapter felt rushed and a few people commented about it, so I took another look and added on because I agreed with them. That is why I took some extra time to feel better about this final chapter. In the future I'll be putting out full stories, so if you don't see anything from me for awhile, check my twitter to make sure I haven't died.
pretty pup. Fill him up like I’m going to do to you again soon.” John says and Sherlock’s eyes sparkle with delight. “Going to have you both so full, you’ll be giving me pups. Beautiful pups, smart pups.” John snaps his hips forward, knot pulsating at the thought of getting both Omega’s pregnant in the same night. He knows it’s a long shot but fuck does his Alpha crave it.
John lightly touches the sheet making it fall to the floor. “Sorry.” The object in front of him is a telescope, clearly one for stargazing, though it’s not so large as to be professional. “Stargazer, was he?”
“Raoul keeps a very clean house. You came through the kitchen door, saw the state of that floor, scrubbed to within an inch of its life.
John looks around to potentially find his pistol, while Sherlock has the man occupied, but when the Omega hits the floor, his mouth and nose being covered once again by the Golem, John jumps in. The Alpha manages to get onto the giant’s back and get his strong arms around his neck, putting him into a choke hold. John roars out, instinct to protect taking him over as he holds on tight, the Golem trying to shake him off like a wild horse who refuses to be tamed.
. Is somebody there?” The knot in John’s chest relaxes and everyone lets out a sigh, except the curator woman. “Somebody help me!” The kids pleads. He sounds so little and John’s heart breaks to hear a pup in such distress.
Sherlock is hurt, Iris is hurt, and John is hurt... just all in different ways.
Sherlock grabs a pair of gloves from one of the medical examiners as they walk down to the crime scene. A man’s body can be seen from where they are and Lestrade is already standing there, his gray hair being ruffled by the breeze.
When John is finally fully seated, he wipes the sweat off his brow, the temperature of the room hotter with the three of them and Iris’s actual heat. He’s never taken a virgin before and while his head is still clear, his body is heating up more to match that of Iris and the intense feeling of being where no one has ever been before. He rumbles a bit in his chest as he feels Iris’s insides do the same thing Sherlock’s had done, clenching and gripping him, trying to break him of his resolve.
Heyo everyone! Back for the next chapter and sooner than I would normally post because the coronavirus had be wanting to get this out since I know everyone is stuck at home. I wrote over 7k words on Sunday just to get this out for you lovely people. Please continue being safe everyone and enjoy this chapter.
Does Iris choose John in the long run, or does he find someone else when he gets older?
“Hello? — Yes, of course it is. What do you want?” He sounds mildly annoyed and mouths ‘Sorry’ over at them.
“I do feel really pretty sitting on the only knot I’ll ever need.” Sherlock says with a sly little smirk on his face. He leans his head to the side and kisses John on the cheek, catching the Alpha off guard. He looks into the teen’s light blue eyes for the first time since he told Sherlock to turn around, they’re beautiful and bright, full of happiness. John can’t help but smile, leaning in to kiss
“WHAT IN THE BLOODY HELL IS GOING ON!” The other Alpha yells, his eyes bugged out as he looks over the mostly naked party, the smell of mating and sex hasn’t left the apartment and anyone who’s not a Beta will know exactly what’s happened.
Read all the tags, this chapter specifically deals with the two newest tags of mentioned past rape and suicide. If these are trigger for anyone please feel free to skip the chapter or section, I won't be mad at all if you dont read those sections. Your mental health means more to me than my writing.
“What do they want?” Sherlock relents.
“You’re so warm Love. Feels amazing.” John says, nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck and licking at his scent gland, getting a rush from the way the Omega clenches around him each time he runs his tongue over it.
John’s back on his Omega and removing his clothes as the detective lays still below him, heavily breathing and staring at the ceiling. John is gentle when he removes Sherlock’s clothes, making sure to not jostle him too much. He can tell from the scent in the air that the Omega is falling deeper into heat but it’s tinged with some anxiety. He throws everything to the ground and turns back to see Sherlock and
“I said STAY!” John growls, yanking Sherlock’s hand out of his hair and slamming it down on the table, gripping it together with the other wrist. The Omega cries out, his body going completely still at the command of the Alpha, even as his hole clenches around the length still buried deep inside of him. In the dead silence that follows Sherlock can feel the way that thick cock throbs, aching to fill him with more than just its flesh.
“Oh.” Is all Sherlock can say, his face betraying that that wasn’t what he expected the answer to be, bewilderment the only way John could describe it.
John nods. “It’s why you see a lot of families with female Omegas and male Betas. They were likely supposed to be Omegas but didn’t fall into the range. My own sister is the reason why I was born. Once they found out mom could produce Alphas they tried to have as many as they could before she died. Sadly they only got me.” Iris and Sherlock watch him, unsure of what he’s getting at. “Sherlock, you should tell your brother that he needs to be more careful about losing his cool around Alphas.” John raises an eyebrow. Both Omega’s eyes go wide.
“Don’t stop.
Sherlock isn’t sure he’ll ever come down from the high he feels when John finally seats himself fully into him, their bodies fitting together as the Alpha’s cock stretches him open. It’s so intensely satisfying that he feels nothing from the rest of his limbs, his whole body warm and floating as his head swims in their scents. At some point he must have wrapped his legs around John’s waist because when the Alpha draws back, he naturally tries to pull him back in, digging his heels into his back, chasing that full feeling he just had, craving more of what he’s just had a small taste of. A whimper escapes his throat before his breath is punched out by the Alpha’s next full thrust, the power of John’s legs evident as he’s pushed up the bed a bit. They both groan together at the satisfaction of their bodies coming together, naturally fitting as if they were made for each other.
me why the painting is a fake.
The detective smirks. “Yes, I know.” Sherlock had thought of it, it was exciting at first knowing that the puzzles were for him, but now he worries that the bomber is going to target John and possibly even Iris as well. If they know him well enough that they can see his boredom, then clearly they know that John and he are…well something and potentially they may have found out about his relationship with Iris. It makes his blood run cold to think that his pup could be taken away from him because of what they’re doing and what they’ve already done. That the knowledge could be used against him in this cat and mouse game. But he keeps quiet about his worry. The first mystery had nothing to do with either of the two  besides the boy being a similar age to Iris and second only had the weakest link of ‘the two faced god’, which he had internally for a moment thought of John in that context before getting back to the case.
the explosion in the morning.” Sherlock stares into John’s eyes, making sure he understands. “It was too late by then. I’m sorry. Truly.”
The Alpha’s heart is pounding just as hard as his feet are against the concrete below, his own powerful legs propelling him toward the flat. He catches the scent of slick in the air and howls out loud, his Alpha excited knowing that Sherlock is going into a false heat, the kind a mating run brings, so that they can bond outside of a normal heat. It gives him that little bit of extra strength to run faster, the flat coming into sight. As he practically leaps up the stoop, he finds the door is already open and slams it shut before running up the stairs two at a time. At the top he finds Sherlock tearing at his own coat, which he barely gets off before John is on him, grabbing him up in a possessive bruising hug. He can smell the meadow grass scent getting heavier as the detective’s body succumbs to the heat run.
Immediately, she scolded him. “You weren’t upstairs! I was worried!”
John smiled at the encouraging comment and quickly typed out a reply. ‘Yeah. It feels good. Thanks. Typing up the old cases now.’
He opened his eyes and saw that she was leaning toward him now. He felt like a wounded animal, her prey. She knew he was hurting, and still, she was pushing him harder. Perhaps that was part of the therapy. He had asked for help. He knew he needed it. So, he took his time. He took a deep breath.
been different. She had given him space to grieve, to recover. She had been there just the right amount – present and encouraging, but not smothering.
Ella disapproved.
“Never mind,” she sighed. “Get into your pajamas.”
No more Tchaikovsky, or Vivaldi, or Mozart, or Holmes. Sherlock had shared a few of his original compositions, and now John wished he had a recording. It would pale in comparison to hearing the bow dance across the strings of Sherlock’s violin, filling the flat with music and resin dust, but it would be something.
“Thanks,” she murmured.
John kept his appointments with Ella and kept skirting the issue of his blog. He didn’t have anything to say. He certainly didn’t have anything to say to the world. He needed to focus on his life, for now, he insisted. He still found himself reading old entries at night, sometimes. He still felt like a guest on his own blog. Ella made a note of that when he let that slip during a session. As he fell into a routine, the weekly meetings became bi-weekly. The appointments started feeling less clinical, a lot less painful. Now it was more keeping track of his life. How was work? Any friends? Was he dating? John shook his head whenever she asked that. He wasn’t ready to date. He hadn’t really dated in the last six months of Sherlock’s life, anyway. He had discovered that save for his libido, everyone was a lot happier that way, and he could manage his libido well enough. It was a sustainable life, until it fell apart. He didn’t share those details with Ella.
Mary sat down and tugged on the sleeves of her cardigan before pulling out her lunch. The warm scent of curry and fresh naan filled the room, and suddenly John’s sandwich seemed incredibly boring. Mary was relatively new to the clinic – she had started working there shortly after he did. As they both eased into a regular schedule, they worked together frequently, though they hadn’t interacted much outside of work. While John was reticent in his grief, Mary was vivacious. She had a smile for everyone and sarcasm too. She was smart as a whip and didn’t hold back from lashing anyone who doubted her. John liked her as a coworker and admired her pluck.
,” she encouraged.
He looked around the flat, somewhat satisfied with the meager progress he had made, and when he turned toward the bookshelf, he found himself confronted by Sherlock’s bee books.
The summer months were filled with picnics in the parks with sweet wine and kisses that slowly, slowly soothed the bitter taste of loss. They trod familiar paths and made them their own. They ate their way through Chinatown, visited the little pizza place in Brixton that served homemade lemonade, stretched out in a field in Morden Hall Park to watch the starry skies on a clear night. John brought Mary to all the tourist traps they had never seen before; they particularly enjoyed the Eye. They revisited the sculpture at Kew Gardens. As soft music played and lights danced around them, John told Mary about Sherlock’s apparent fascination with the bees. Over brunches and quiet post-film cuddles, Mary told John about her struggle to put the past behind her as she tried to build a future. She told him about her ex, and the three of them even went out for drinks. David seemed to understand that he was her friend now, and John could hardly balk at her desire to keep in touch. He would expect the same grace granted toward him, after all. Mary explained that all she wanted was a normal family, unmarred by the pain of her past. The couple built a foundation poured with honesty and tended with care – John might even say love.
They walked through the hall until John paused at a bench. He tilted his head, and Mary nodded. They sat down together to enjoy the ambience of the room. The heavy heat was a balm against the chapping chill of the April winds, and a small waterfall babbled in the background. It was a good place to sit and be.
Mrs. Hudson’s face softened in a way that made John’s nose burn. He blinked stolidly.
Harry slapped his back, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. “Yeah, you too! You should come around more often.” She gave him a small smile and plucked out a couple tissues for him.
“Wonder what that is,” he muttered. He had never been particularly attuned to the fine arts.
John knew he looked terrible. He was still wearing yesterday’s clothes and his hair was a right mess, not to mention his snotty nose and red eyes. But Mrs. Hudson wasn’t going to leave until he opened the door.
John moved toward the door and opened it, nodding. “Yeah, and you.”
John wondered what Greg had found so funny in the outtakes. But he had started it now. He would see it through to the end. Sherlock was staring directly at him now, directly at the camera. His birthday had been only a couple of weeks before the end of everything. If he had known… well, lots of things would be different.
” she quickly corrected.
John wandered to Sherlock’s bedroom and sat down on the side of the bed, sagging with the mattress as he stared at the periodic table on the wall. The measure of a man was impossible to quantify. No amount of study or experimentation would ever yield a definition for the man he had considered his best friend. He laid down hesitantly, exhausted by grief. Sherlock’s mattress didn’t creak, and despite the nagging voice in his head telling him that what he was doing was probably wrong, he couldn’t imagine getting up now. He was mystified how he managed to exhaust himself by doing not much of anything, but he couldn’t argue with his heavy head. He shamelessly buried his nose into Sherlock’s sheets to chase his scent. Cigarettes, sweat, soap, and some note John couldn’t identify. It was that air of mystery that made the flat smell like home. The illusion of intimacy allowed him to drift off into a heavy sleep. When he woke, he felt like shit. His entire face felt a bit swollen from crying, but he could easily lie and pass off his red-rimmed eyes to a lack of sleep. He had been with Sherlock in his dreams. Upon waking, he was alone in Sherlock’s bed. John closed his eyes, grasping tightly to the details he could remember until the sun and Mrs. Hudson’s incessant knocking stirred him.
Sherlock tries to plan his next move, he’s clearly not playing the game as well as he thought he had been. Moriarty has them in a trap and even if he kills the master criminal, he’ll lose John and most likely be killed himself when the sniper sets off the bomb.
Iris is left alone. His dad is still in the room but with him lost in his mind palace he decides to head for a shower and to bed for the night.
Sherlock feels like his body is pure fire, the warmth in his belly becoming unbearable as he falls further into heat. John is taking it slow and it’s intense because each little thing the Alpha does sends luxurious pleasure shooting through him like he’s never felt before. At the first touch to his hole he moans out, his arms which had been limp by his sides twist to grab onto the sheets as his hips move, though he doesn’t know which way they’re going, both trying to get away and get closer to the unfamiliar sensation all at once. The pleasure of just that little motion, no more than a brush of skin on skin, has his eyes slamming shut and his pulse racing.  He feels John come back with two fingers which dip into him easily, his body readily opening up for the Alpha, his mouth betraying him as he moans wantonly into the open air, gasping on air heavy with Alpha musk, which lights up the instincts he had always kept well hidden. Any thoughts of John not fitting inside him are gone, washed away by skilled hands.
“Jesus.” Lestrade says and both Alphas mirror each other as they both cover their mouths.
What John says shakes Sherlock to his core. The Alpha’s words echoing what the bomber had said on the phone. “We were made for each other, Sherlock.” The voice had said, but he hadn’t told John about it. The fact that the Alpha was mimicking the words has him concerned for a moment. He knows that they haven’t gotten to talk about what they are to each other, like they both need, but he had hoped that the fact that he’s literally sitting with John’s scent on his skin would be enough to show that he wasn’t upset anymore. “Sorry, what?” He says instead of talking about what they really need to, ignoring that John is likely irritated that someone else is pulling his attention away from him.
“ALPHA! Yes. Ahhhh.” The little Omega’s sweet voice cracks and he shivers in satisfaction as he moans once more, his hips angling back as he presents himself to the Alpha.
Sherlock begins to lower his hand, still shocked but starting to reboot his brain. If John is sending him an S.O.S then he’s not the bomber, right?
John pulls back and uses his other arm to slide over the flat expanse of the Omega’s belly. It won’t be too long before he’s swollen with seed. He pushes down lightly and can feel his tip through the Omega’s skin, which swells with the additional pressure. He takes it back off, not wanting to accidentally come before he’s knotted him and uses that hand to wrap around Sherlock’s cock instead.
The detective stays still, he searches his mind for a crime that millions of people would want, but dismisses most as things the common person wouldn’t seek out.
“Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate it.” John is struck once again by Sherlock. How can this man one moment argue that something is irrelevant to him and then appreciate its beauty in the next. He’s a walking contradiction at every moment and maybe it’s just because with the Alpha around the detective’s finally learning to see things from a different perspective. John loves it, this walking paradox of an Omega.
John turns a few more pages as Iris leans against him slightly. “Two kids stabbed in Stoke Newington.” He closes the paper and moves onto the one below it. “Ah. Man found on the train line – Andrew West.” John tries to prompt some sort of reaction out of Sherlock.
John knows he could get addicted to this feeling really quickly, controlling the speed that Sherlock’s hole clenches around him by gripping him tighter or looser. Each time he changes how he does it the Omega below him whines and grinds up against him, his stomach muscles tensing and his body driving the Alpha to grind into him. John’s hips start to work of their own accord, his control slipping as his Alpha once again takes over for him, growling and rumbling out pleased noises as he rocks his inflated knot into Sherlock’s body, pressing against his prostate repeatedly.
“Old block of flats.” John says, looking back at Sherlock.
John ends up being the braver of the two as Sherlock stands poised for the other shoe to drop again. “What happened there?” The Alpha stands up still using the metal behind him to keep him up.
“Pointless. You’ll never find him. But I know a man who can.” Sherlock twirls around to leave.
He’s getting upset, shaking a little.
Sherlock comes back from his mind with a confirmation to John’s implied question, but the Alpha isn’t there. It’s completely black outside and the flat is quiet. The detective grabs his laptop from beside him. He lost a bit of time, John getting him caught up in analyzing his brother, which he didn’t really need but it’s annoying nonetheless. On his website he decides to meet the bomber, telling him to meet at the pool where this whole thing began. He had theorized that the final test was the Andrew West case and he had solved it, making a copy of the missile plans that he could bring along before he gave the original to his brother. Once he sends the message he grabs John’s weapon and is off to the pool.
Iris’s body doesn’t give him much longer and John can smell flowers as a fresh wave of slick leaks down onto the bed. He immediately gets back to work, scooping up the liquid and digging his fingers back into the young Omega, stretching his rim out little by little, as he massages his insides. This time, the Alpha avoids touching his prostate, not wanting to overstimulate him. Since he had the orgasm, Iris isn’t jumping around but laying still as if he’s melted into the bed, relaxed before the heat comes back fully.
“Gotcha.” He says while rubbing up against Sherlock’s chest coving him in more pine scent before tilting his head up for a kiss, which he gets, the detective grabbing at his face and pulling him in forcefully. The two of them struggle together, both trying to kick off their shoes, almost falling over in the process as they refuse to pull away from each other for even a single gasp of air. At the same time John is fumbling with Sherlock’s frustrating belt, which he eventually undoes before pulling it the whole way through the loops, sending it clattering to the sitting room floor.
Sherlock stays on the stage, lit periodically by the flashing light of the projector. “Who are you working for this time, Dzundza?” He shouts, hoping to lure in the hired killer. In the background he can hear the audio from the projector, talking about the collapsing of a supernova star. It’s so loud that he doesn’t realize that the large and lumbering Golem has snuck up behind him until a large hand clamps around his mouth, covering a huge portion of his face. The detective tries to yank on the hand as another one clamps around his neck, fingertips digging harshly into his sensitive scent gland.
“Woodbridge knew, but
At some point Mrs. Hudson comes up with snacks again because as much as she claims she is not a caretaker for them, she also loves them dearly and worries about them. It also helps that the handsome Alpha Lestrade is in the flat as she always likes to see him. She’s standing right beside him, observing the evidence board and talking to him, something about colors when Sherlock interrupts with a video that Iris found.
He met Mary at the Victoria Gate, hugging her as she offered an embrace. John picked up a map and frowned at it briefly, trying to figure out how much they could realistically do in a day, then revising his plan to make it enjoyable. He knew he wanted to walk through some of the indoor displays, and he enjoyed the solitude of the outdoors, too. He could try to relax around Mary and capture that treasured feeling of being alone, with someone else. It was a rare treat, and one he desperately needed. He hadn’t experienced that kind of tranquil camaraderie since Sherlock died.
“You only have to look at their faces,” Sherlock continued. “I wrote an essay on suppressed hatred in close proximity based
“My best friend, Sherlock…” He sniffed. “…is dead.”
“Don’t worry. It’s okay,” John said softly. With a quiet laugh, he added, “Probably won’t even watch it.”
“Love you too! Bye!” he announced abruptly, ending the phone call as he snuggled into his pillow. He passed out in minutes, floating on a cloud of intoxicated bliss.
Mary shot him a look. “I don’t live under a rock. People talk.”
John nodded shortly. “I’ll get a cab, then.”
They walked onto a glass floor decorated with a honeycomb pattern, and then John looked up. The blue sky shone through the center of the sculpture, and a beautiful concentric pattern filtered smaller patches of the sky. In all the chaos, there had been order. He only needed to look at it from the right perspective. He licked his lips and glanced at Mary, watching her experience the artwork for herself. He tucked his hands into his pockets and drew his heels together as he stared at the walls, then back at the sky. Birds and insects chirped, punctuating his thoughts with a note of reality. As he stood there, it was easy for his mind to drift. As captivating as the sculpture was, he wondered
Mary’s lips curled into a small, pleased smirk. “I suppose we will. Or the botanic gardens, if you’re keen on flowers.”
John met her gaze, and Ella knew she made her mark. There was fear in his eyes, desperation. He hadn’t forgotten those dark days, and he didn’t want to return.
He met her gaze, but the fire in his eyes had been put out. He couldn’t fight her anymore.
He set up a meeting time, and that in turn encouraged him to shower and change his clothes. Despite all the progress he had made since meeting Sherlock, there had been some bad days. There were days that he had stayed in bed with made up illnesses as he battled a very real one in his mind. But even on those days, he knew that he would recover and feel the sun on his face again, maybe even the next day. This felt like a depth from which he could never emerge. He slowly remembered that surviving sometimes meant small victories, each of which he tried to claim as one more reason to strive for the next. With help from Mrs. Hudson, John made decisions and sought to give Sherlock a suitable service. It was informal, with a closed casket. John didn’t want people coming in to gawk at a body. He needed to preserve Sherlock’s dignity. Besides, this was about Sherlock’s memory, not his body. He didn’t question the funeral director’s relief when John requested a closed casket.
He had provided more than enough evidence for the skeptics. Anyone who persisted in insulting Sherlock was only out to cause trouble. John wasn’t going to let some idiot ruin his day. In the early afternoon, Ella texted him. He had told her about his plans with Mary, and it seemed like she had approved. John couldn’t contain a wry smile and thanked her for checking in. He had stressed that it wasn’t a date. It was just going out. There was a difference.
“Right, I just- I need a moment to, um, figure out what I’m going to do,” Sherlock said on the video, walking toward the window. The camera followed him.
John leaned in.
“I’m angry,” he finally stated. The admission was a weight off his chest, and he had to suck in a deep breath as a counterbalance.
“Is it a bad time?” she asked, tilting her head to the side. Perception flashed sharply in her dark eyes. John knew that look.
John sniffed, swallowed, and tried to bring himself back to his task. The blog. He typed out a simple sentence and posted it.
John glanced up with hurt smoldering in his damp eyes. He wouldn’t ask, but his expression begged the question.
The following days were similar. John tackled the bathroom, cleaning first, and then putting Sherlock’s things in his bedroom, packing up whatever he could donate. The closet came next, and in cleaning out the closet, John found his way into Sherlock’s closet. His clothing was impeccably sorted by some system of Sherlock’s own devising that John couldn’t understand. The rest of his things, however, were more haphazard. A box on the floor of the closet seemed to contain mementos from Sherlock’s younger years and some newspaper clippings from some of their recent cases. John stared for a few minutes, struck and touched by the sentimentality. Sherlock had ridiculed John’s case scrapbook, complete with clippings and some handwritten commentary for context, but apparently, he had treasured those memories too. Or perhaps he just wanted to hoard the favorable media. Beneath the newspapers were articles, a few military-themed magazines, and some old notes from what must have been a uni friend, signed V.
‘You’re doing the right thing, John.’
“I think John takes home the ‘greatest’ title,” she teased gently with a smirk meant only for him. “But we’re here to talk about Sherlock. So…” When she spoke again, her voice was quiet and raw, a stark contradiction to her brash and unapologetic presence. “I don’t know what he did, or how he did it, but he worked a miracle for my brother. He took a man who… who wasn’t himself, and he made him new. And I saw, and heard,
He exhaled heavily and swallowed against a cry welling up. He managed to subdue it to a whimper. Arguments between two stubborn men often meant that securing the last word could drag into a new argument of its own. Now it would be his, forever. He found it wasn’t as satisfying as he thought. He shuffled up to the headstone and brushed his fingers across the cold granite, so much less forgiving than Sherlock’s stoniest expressions. He was a man of flesh and blood, with soft skin and bright eyes, even in his stormy moods.
.” He growls, not even paying attention to himself, knowing he can let his Alpha go with Sherlock where he had kept calm before, this time even willing his Alpha to bring itself out faster, to give to Sherlock what he was craving. He had seen in Sherlock’s face how much the Omega wanted to be taken in the same way his pup was and he was going to do exactly that.
“Someone changed his mind. The question is: who?”
“Lovely idea.” Sherlock says, still smiling. Wanting to pull John into a kiss, but he holds off knowing they haven’t talked yet.
“YOU BASTARD!” He goes to lunge for John and the Alpha quickly pushes Iris out of the way, but he doesn’t feel the collide of the Alpha that he was expecting. He looks up ready to fight, fists held up to protect his face, only to see Sherlock holding Lestrade back, full on bear hugging him. The Alpha is stronger but it gives John a moment to back up and talk.
The mysterious bomber continues and Sherlock discovers that it is Moriarty who is pulling the strings.
The nails dig deeper into his back and John realizes that Sherlock is trying to pull him down, attempting to bring their chests back together. The Alpha let’s himself be guided. He slows his pace and then stops to lay down on him, his broad chest covering Sherlock’s slim figure, his cock nestled in tight heat. He can feel the Omega’s walls rippling once again as they milk his length and he’s sure Sherlock can feel as he throb with each pulse of his own heartbeat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, well...” It’s a non-committal answer he used to give to his sister sometimes. One that to him means ‘I don’t want to talk about this.’ But Donovan doesn’t seem to notice or care that he’s not really answering her.
“Fingertips.” Sherlock says. John looks at him but goes back to the body.
The Alpha tucks his arms under Sherlock’s back, grabbing him by the shoulders to steady him, giving him the perfect grip to shove into the Omega. He’s been day dreaming about how Sherlock would feel wrapped about his shaft, how his tight velvet walls would grip and ripple with pleasure. It’s even better than he imagined as he thrusts in again, harder this time causing Sherlock to moan shamelessly beneath him, no sign of the earlier pain, his body fully taking the Alpha’s oversized cock. The time to go slow is over now, Sherlock’s fully stretched and John can’t hold back any longer.
“Raoul de Santos is your killer. Kenny Prince’s houseboy. Second autopsy shows it wasn’t tetanus that poisoned Connie Prince – it was botulinum toxin.” Sherlock yells into the police station, as he walks in with John following right behind him. He holds up the folder and then gets close to Lestrade, laying it on the desk. “We’ve been here before. Carl Powers? Tut-tut. Our bomber’s repeated himself.” He then says as the Alpha reaches for the file.
“It’s speeding up!” Lestrade yells as the little voice says five.
“Alpha?” Iris says, his voice breathy as he tries to look back at John. Sherlock watches the teen sniff at the air, attracted to the Alpha’s pine scent, the comfort that it provides, the possibility of the pain being taken away that it signals. The detective is sad seeing Iris lost to his Omega, the whole thing reminding him of himself when
“Nothing.” Is all Sherlock says before bringing up his phone to his ear.
“You are
“And a Happy New Year!” Lestrade says, but after everyone looks at him weirdly they fall under a strange silence.
The case of The Blind Banker continues with Sherlock and John having a bit of a row...
By the time he’s fully seated the Prince is moaning out at each small thrust, but John’s not ready to really take him yet. Keen to get him riled up, he stops his movements with one final shove, his cock fully enveloped in the velvet heat of the Omega’s hole. Sherlock tries to move, whining at the loss of the friction he was finally getting.
John feels that the case is nowhere closer to being solved, but his understanding of Mycroft and Sherlock’s relationship has sure changed. Mycroft isn’t just a Beta older brother who took care of his younger sibling. He’s an Omega in hiding who wasn’t able to also hide his little brother, who ended up getting hurt. Perhaps it’s not as simple as a sibling rivalry, but something deeper.
With the practiced ease of a doctor, John hooks his fingers to apply pressure against Sherlock’s prostate and from his new position he watches as the Omega’s back arches, his head thrown back, long neck on full display. He circles and plays with it, grinning as the detective’s legs twitch, hole clenching down on his fingers, trying to pull him in deeper. He watches as a drop of precum slides sideways down Sherlock’s stomach and onto the bed. The Alpha has never had his mouth on a cock before, but as he witnesses a fresh bead of precum fall from the tip of the engorged head, he can’t imagine depriving his Omega of the experience.
John broke out of his reverie and gathered himself immediately. He had been lost to the world, steeped in thoughts too big to hold.
‘I don’t think there is an answer. I’ve just got to keep going.’
version. It’s quite funny,” he said with a chuckle.
“He was… kind,” John answered, bringing his private thoughts into the light. “When I met him, I- uh, I wasn’t, em… I wasn’t okay. I was struggling.”
John went home after the appointment and pulled out his laptop. He typed in the web address that used to be the first bookmark in his browser. He opened a new post and stared at the blinking cursor. Nothing came to mind. After about five minutes he closed the post. Opening the blog felt like brushing the dust off an old book. He was reminded of looking through Sherlock’s things – the way his ghost lingered in his scrawl. John sighed softly and prodded through his old posts, clicking on his drafts out of curiosity. Several cases sat abandoned and unfinished. He smiled fondly at some of them, then returned to write his new post. It was sort of nice being back on the blog. Odd, but nice. He typed out a long post, then saved it to post later. He didn’t want to publish it right off the top of his head. Besides, there was more he wanted to say. He just wasn’t sure how to say it. He wasn’t sure how much he wanted to publish online, just in case anyone would still see it on his blog.
“Fine. Whatever,” Greg answered from behind the camera, and John could almost see him rolling his eyes at Sherlock.
No more quiet nights punctuated by the clink of glassware and the turning of newspapers, and perhaps the occasional small explosion.
John goes to therapy.
In anticipation of the visit, John tidied up. The whiskey went in a cabinet, flanked by two glasses. Behind the glass door, it appeared more official, as if it were only brought out on special occasions. It was half gone, but Greg wouldn’t notice. He wouldn't pay attention to anything that wasn't prominently displayed. He wasn’t an idiot, but he wasn’t a snoop either. Besides, this was a social visit, not a job. John tossed the miscellaneous post into his bedroom and did his level best to ensure that Greg would have no reason to wonder or worry about him. A few books on the table, curtains opened to let some light in through the bay window. It looked perfectly normal. He looked perfectly normal. Normality was a good disguise; nobody would ever think to question it.
Harry squealed, and John giggled for the first time in far too long. The giggle warped from a lighthearted laugh to a compulsive sob as John crawled into bed. He gasped for breath and gathered his pillow against his chest.
A new flat and a new routine afforded John the luxury of avoiding his grief, for the most part. Unfortunately, that also meant avoiding most of his friends. He still saw Ella, but she wasn’t a friend. She was a weekly reminder that as much as he liked to think he had moved on, he was still stuck in the mire of his emotions. They mostly talked about his workplace, his coworkers. Office friendships mainly revolved around work – going to lunch, happy hour, texting back and forth. Nothing personal, and that suited John perfectly.
was moving on.
Under her guidance, he found some headache pills and put them out for the morning. He wrote a note to make a scramble, and told Harry a meandering anecdote about how Sherlock used to eat eggs and soldiers. John hated soft boiled eggs, but he would make them for Sherlock.
John shifted. He hadn't realized his blog was quite so famous, still – or infamous? “So, drinks?”
“Aren’t you cheeky?” he teased, his voice soft as velvet.
Suddenly Sherlock turned back toward the camera and almost whined, “Why am I doing this again?”
, all the science equipment,” she lamented.
Mary obliged him, and they took a proper picture together, their cheeks practically squished together in an effort to fit more of their picturesque surroundings into the frame.
He sucked in a deep breath and leaned over to grab the remote off the table. He turned the television on again and fiddled with the controls until the DVD rewound.
When the day of the funeral came, John wasn’t ready. He wasn’t sure he ever would be ready. The shock had worn off, besides the annoyingly frequent inability to internalize Sherlock’s death. He still made two cups of tea sometimes. He had mostly stopped choking up every time he thought of his friend. He wasn’t ready to bury him. It seemed so final.
When John realized that he was getting hungry again, he checked the time and swore. Hours had passed without his notice. He loosely shuffled everything back into order and shoved the papers back into the box. He stood up and took a couple steps back, silently resigning himself to the conclusion that Sherlock’s clothes ought to be donated as well. It crossed his mind that he ought to try to contact the homeless network to see who among them might benefit. He added that to his growing to-do list.
He noticed lights blinking on and off, seemingly at random. He quirked his brow and pulled out the pamphlet from the front gate. He scanned through until he found the blurb about the attraction. He read out loud, so Mary could follow along. “The Hive is an immersive sound and visual experience. The lights you see and the sounds you hear inside The Hive are triggered by bee activity in a real beehive at Kew. Hmm.”
John raised his brow but didn’t mouth off. He was getting more comfortable with her. Her brusque manner put him at ease more than any amount of pandering. He didn’t want to risk putting her off by dishing out a full dose of his personality. She had only met his shadow. Substance still eluded him, though he was starting to feel a little more real, a little more himself. Maybe it was selfish, but John didn’t want to lose the one person who made him feel something.
“I’m here because…” His voice dropped off, and he glanced away, feeling a bit sick to his stomach. He closed his eyes and steeled himself, taking a moment to collect his anguish and stuff it back where it belonged. He heard her shift in her seat, and then she spoke clearly, demanding that he answer her.
John opened the door with a little more force than was strictly necessary, and his brow shot up when he saw Mary in her bright red coat smiling at him.
The funeral.
couldn’t fathom the idea of driving – it put him back in the seat of the MRAP in Helmand. He bore the scars of his trauma, but they were no longer weeping wounds.
many people today who must’ve been touched by that… Sherlock magic, or whatever the hell it is. And that’s what we’re here to celebrate. So, thank you for coming. Thank you for your support.” She eyed John carefully, then decided it was nearly time to sit down. “Sherlock, we love you,” she concluded, bustling back to her seat amidst scattered applause from the small group.
It wasn’t a lie – he was much better. He knew he could be happy again but getting there had been a struggle. He stood on a precipice, teetering from side to side. Some days were better than others. Greg neither needed nor wanted to be privy to his personal struggles, so John deflected.
John mulled over that as the clock ticked. He thought about what he would say if he had the chance. What should he say now? Talking to a gravestone seemed futile, but perhaps it was better than soaking himself in Scotch and drowning in his own sorrow.
They rode the tube together, feeling out the undefined boundaries of their new friendship. John didn’t want to admit even to himself how long it had been since he had gone out for anything other than drinks. John kept his hands firmly tucked in his pockets, swaying gently as the train rattled along the track. When they reached the Baker Street stop, John gestured for Mary to exit with him. His lips thinned but he kept his eyes straight ahead. He exhaled hard through his nose and headed toward the bridge to the inner circle. His heart pounded and his throat felt tight. They were close to the flat. Too close for comfort. He knew he couldn’t face the flat, but perhaps he had overestimated his tolerance for the surrounding area. Mary took his twitching hand and interlaced their fingers. Though he tensed at first, surprised by the unexpected contact, he soon relaxed. He wasn’t ready for something serious. He knew that. But this felt nice. As he grew accustomed to the warmth of her palm against his, he grew bolder. He stroked the back of her hand with his thumb as they walked. That’s all the contact he wanted, and it suited his needs. He glanced at Mary periodically to check that she seemed comfortable. He found that she was barely paying attention to him; the early signs of Spring that flourished around them held her gaze. Life thrummed around them: strolling families chatted, birds called out to find mates, bees buzzed on new blooms.
“Yes,” Mary agreed, quite pleased with herself.
John thought of Sherlock’s body beneath the ground now. He closed his eyes and saw Sherlock’s grey, dead eyes staring at him from the fridge. “Yes,” he said tightly.
“I was just… stopping by,” Greg said, treading the line between truth and etiquette. “It was nice seeing you.”
Mrs. Hudson was chatty on the way to the funeral parlor. Perhaps she felt she needed to fluff the space with words so that their grief couldn’t smother them. John sat quietly, humming or quietly agreeing on the pauses in her speech, but not really listening. They had discussed Sherlock’s death a few times, but Mrs. Hudson was always so insistent to stress how
John covered his face, embarrassed and proud and thankful all at once, and he just wished he could feel one thing at a time, even just for a little while. Anything but the grief. Once he had regained some semblance of control, he tuned in to discover that the time had come to move Sherlock’s body to his final resting place. His stomach and hands turned to stone, and he tried to steady himself for the next part of the longest day of his life.
Finally, her voice abruptly rang out. “John… uh. Do me a favor, Johnny? Let’s put the whiskey down, hm? Let’s find the cap- Tell me when you’ve got it.”
everything would be.
She joined him on the street a few minutes later with a wad of tissues and a handful of flowers. She offered him a few tissues, which he quietly declined. He wasn’t going to cry. He was getting better, he would prove it. When their cab pulled up, John helped her in, then walked around and climbed in himself. He cleared his throat and gave their destination, ignoring the lingering glance in the rearview mirror. Thankfully the cabbie had the sense to keep his mouth shut, and the back seat fell into unsettled peace as well. John had learned not to mention Sherlock in public; the media storm that had built his reputation had flattened it in a tornado of hatred and ridicule, and the public took the news as it came.
“What happened to your blog?” she asked him one day, a chilly day in April.
“Okay,” she replied, withdrawing from him. “I’ll leave you alone to, erm… You know.”
Looking around the flat he became more aware of just how much work he had to do. He stood with a heavy sigh and glanced over his shoulder into the kitchen. He pursed his lips and turned back toward Sherlock’s empty armchair. Every nook and cranny of the flat had Sherlock’s mark on it – things were his, or worst of all,
He found himself eagerly anticipating his session with Ella the next week. He didn’t look forward to the probing or the prodding, but he had some progress to report. He was still miserable, and he still struggled with the unbelievable denial, and it was still embarrassing to go to therapy, but he could see a few steps ahead of him. He was even ready to take them.
Christmas, then New Years, then five days later, Sherlock’s 35
“The rose garden is really spectacular in the summer,” John said softly. “We should come back.”
He knew that he couldn’t let himself stagnate too long. Putting Sherlock to rest would, in theory, help the rest of them move on. John wasn’t sure about that in practice, but he knew he couldn’t ignore the funeral forever. After puttering around with a bit of cleaning, John finally forced himself to call the funeral director. His name brought no recognition, but upon explaining that he was Sherlock’s friend, he was met by the familiar, reserved,
The claws of boredom sank deeper. His fingers twitched, and his frayed nerves buzzed for something, anything to take his mind off the
“Oh, right.” John reached out and took it, staring down at the disc with a small smile.
Harry’s pause hung heavy as she searched for words, twisting her lips in a way that mirrored John. “I’ve known John in the good times, and in plenty of bad. And I have to say… Sherlock met him at a pretty shit time.” The crowd didn’t laugh now; they could see from Harry’s face that it was no laughing matter. “Even though I never met Sherlock, I became his greatest fan-
Their shadows grew long in the waning light, and soon it was time to say goodbye. The casket was lowered, and each of them tossed a handful of dirt into the grave, along with a few flowers. John felt like throwing up. He leaned against Harry and Mrs. Hudson and let his family lead him back to Harry’s car to go home. As they drove away, emotions welled up again, asphyxiating him from within. He practiced slow breathing and avoided Harry’s worried glances in the rearview mirror. He was thankful that Mrs. Hudson had declined to ride with him, instead choosing to get a bite to eat with Greg and some of the other mourners. John was too tired to socialize any more, and he didn’t have any appetite.
,” he slurred defiantly. “I sleep in my pants.”
“You need to get it out,” she stated, and he nodded slightly.
John fell asleep with the book in his lap and his reading lamp on. He woke in the early morning with a headache and a sore back, with the sour taste of the night before laying thick on his tongue. He closed the book in his lap and tucked it away, thinking little of it before heading to the kitchen to tend to his hangover.
“I’m proud of you,” he said quietly, his throat sore from all the talking and the crying. “And… thank you. For coming. And… Sorry I didn’t call, I-” He took another sip, the cup in his hand shook slightly after he swallowed. “I’ve been trying to get things done. There’s so much.”
“Was that supposed to happen – the light going down? Yeah, okay,” came the voice, not yet attached to a body. Sherlock blustered onto the screen and started pacing in front of the sofa, gesturing wildly. “Oh, er, hm. So, what do I, what do I- What d’you want me to do at the end?”
that surrounded him. He briefly thought of Sherlock’s fits of boredom and felt a little self-conscious. Of course, life since Sherlock had never been truly boring. Even the flat was a trove of oddities and loose ends that Sherlock had hoarded and forgotten over the years. The first time John had walked in, he felt as if he had walked into a haphazard museum curated by the subject of its study. He had never felt comfortable looking through Sherlock's souvenirs under the detective's watchful eye, and it still felt like an invasion of privacy. Sherlock’s shelves had gathered John’s curiosity and a fair amount of dust between surreptitious cleanings.
He shut the door and listened to Greg’s footsteps retreat down the hall. His hand slid down the door as he turned to pick up the box and return to the sofa. He set the lid down on the coffee table and reviewed the contents. The pink iPhone from their first case. A box of nicotine patches. A yellow mask, possibly from a circus if he had to guess. A model steam engine, ‘LMS’. John frowned slightly and pulled out a folded note. He almost opened it but tossed it back in and shut the lid. It was private. All of it was private. Sherlock had asked Greg to keep those things. John’s nose burned as his eyes began to water.
“What else was he like?” Mary asked, watching John carefully for any signs that she was probing too far. She had read some of his blog, of course, and that painted part of the picture – but perhaps not a complete one. John was a private man, and Mary knew there must have been a million moments of intimacy that made up the magnificent friendship, like brushstrokes on a canvas. Perhaps John alone could see its beauty – that seemed lonely.
“I want- I want to see if we can make it open to the public,” he finally said. Mrs. Hudson flinched in surprise at the sound of his voice. “He… meant a lot to people.” His left hand began to twitch, and he clenched it a few times as he fought to regain control. Mrs. Hudson reached over and gently covered his hands with hers.
Harry didn’t sleep much that night. She considered a trip to London and resolved to ask John about it in the morning. She had never really been in this position before. He had always been cleaning up after her, listening to her rants and raves, healing her broken heart. Years of hurt lay between them, but he was her brother, and she was his sister; they found a way to push through the past to reach one another when it mattered most.
She put the car in gear and queued up. She reached over to take John’s hand, interlacing their fingers. She was worried about him. He hadn’t slipped quite so far as her into poor coping habits, but he tended to sit with his feelings before deciding to drink them away. It made her nervous in a way she couldn’t admit. If he couldn’t control himself, how could she be certain she could hold onto her sobriety? The new program she had been following helped her immeasurably, targeting feelings she never really identified before. She felt more confident in her recovery, more genuine in her relationships, and less like a chronic failure when she felt the tingling of temptation. She hoped that John would keep in touch. They rode in silence, Harry watching the road and John staring out the window. Harry only released John’s hand when the car ground to a halt.
‘And you will. X’ Mary again.
After a brief silence, and with a sharp intake of breath, Sherlock re-centered himself. In almost a whisper, he asked, “What was my excuse again?”
When John’s phone dinged with an alert to prepare for his next patient, he swore quietly and stood up. Mary certainly had an intrigue, and he didn’t want to stop talking to her. He was now rather looking forward to that drink. It would be nice to get out and spend time with someone again. Maybe something could come of it, after all. He wasn’t ready to entertain that notion beyond a mere possibility, but it
On Tuesdays, he afforded himself the luxury of an extra hour in bed. He stared at his ceiling and bided his time carefully. He didn’t work until three, and the botanic gardens opened at ten. He would meet Mary there, and they would probably get lunch afterward. He grunted and grabbed his phone to check the time, working out when he had to leave. He didn’t want to be late, after all. He checked the train schedule and allowed himself to lounge around for another half hour, then he finally got up. He groaned and stretched, grimacing as his joints popped. The rut of a comfortable routine and a lack of regular exercise had taken their toll. Ever since Helmand, he had looked his age; now he really felt it.
As he climbed into the passenger seat of Harry’s dinged Volkswagen, he glanced across at her with a question that she answered before he could ask.
to follow up. That night, his life had been changed forever.
“Um. Mmm.” John had prepared some words. He needed preparation, else he might have talked the whole night away. He gathered his thoughts and started off, a bit hesitant at first. “You… you told me once you weren’t a hero. Um… there were times I didn’t even think you were
After they finished eating, they continued talking. Mostly about Mary’s past, but John answered a few questions as well. Mary had the sense to give his time with Sherlock a wide berth. He wasn’t excited to talk about himself, and Mary was far more interesting than him. Her mother had been a product of the British occupation in India, her grandfather, a Colonel in the British Army. Her grandmother had taken her mother to Pakistan. Mary had been born there as Mariam. After her mother passed, she had been passed around her family until she ended up with her grandfather, who renamed her Mary Elizabeth. John didn’t have to be a genius to deduce that the Colonel had been a poor guardian. Mary didn’t delve into much detail, but John could empathize with aspects of her unhappy childhood. The drinking, the anger, the hurt, and the resulting estrangement; it was all painfully familiar. After graduating university, beyond eager to escape the confines of England, Mary traveled through several countries working as a nurse. John couldn’t stop the questions bubbling from his lips.
But one day, John saw a missed call, just a short message from Greg asking when he could come around. John played the message back a couple times and sighed. It was difficult to see anyone from that time in his life. Even Mrs. Hudson had fallen by the wayside. He had wanted to see her, and he had promised to call, but he couldn’t stand to hear her voice. She was perhaps one of the only people who could fully understand what he was feeling, but he didn’t want to think about it. All she ever wanted to do was
?” John puts his head back, laying it on the back of the couch, staring at the ceiling. He can partially see the map and pictures on the wall from the cases, the most recent of which hit way too close to home. Sherlock hadn’t said it, but John knew that the Prince case was too familiar to what they had going on here and the bomber was using that to his twisted advantage.
“That’s
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh yes. See, the Omega Mandate has been around for many years now and a lot of people aren’t happy about that.” He says matter of fact. Sherlock stares at him flabbergasted. “So many people who get early testing of their genes, only to find out that one day they’re going to be forced by the government to make little pups. All so we can have Alphas again.” He puts his hand on John’s shoulder and the Alpha bares his teeth, but holds back the snarl Sherlock knows he wants to let out.
“The Van Buren Supernova!” A moment of silence follows as the four of them hold their breaths, John praying that whatever Sherlock discovered is the correct answer.
He looks his new mate in those beautiful blue eyes. “I am sworn to protect you my Prince. I will never let anyone hurt you. You are my Omega. My mate. My soul.”
“It won’t happen like that again and as for mating, don’t think you’re getting out of
He starts to pump a slow rhythm, letting Sherlock get used to the feeling of being touched for the first time by another’s hand. “I’ve been such a bad Alpha, neglecting
“You sure you don’t want to cut your losses now. I can’t protect you from Moriarty, he’s too smart and I’m just an old Alpha with PTSD, an illegally obtained weapon that I like to obsessively clean sometimes, and an inappropriate crush on your pup.” John pulls back looking at the detective’s face.
“Yeah. He said that he had been accidentally tempting you.” Sherlock’s face has a slight bit of amusement on it. “I had noticed it and originally it made me mad but I don’t think he honestly knew what he was doing.” John nods his head.
“We need to identify the corpse. Find out about his friends and associates —”
John stands before him in a bulky green coat with a fur hood, his hands in the pockets. Sherlock doesn’t recognize it as one of the Alphas and just stands there stunned, his hand still outstretched with the thumb drive. There is no way John would have been able to organize this whole thing, his thoughts swirl and spiral out of control as dread seeps into his heart. ‘Had John really been a mastermind all along? Someone so smart that even he couldn’t detect it? Was the fact that John was an Alpha clouding his mind? The lines ‘You’ll be happy together’ and ‘We were made for each other’ playing over and over in his head. Had he let a dangerous man into his and Iris’s lives?’ John
John decides that making breakfast two days in a row is too much, so when no call comes in from the pink phone, he announces to the Omegas that he’s going to a diner for some breakfast. To his astonishment Sherlock says he’s coming with him and Iris asks to be included. The cab ride over feels a tad tense. Sherlock usually sits on the other side of the vehicle, they almost never end up touching. But with the three of them crammed in, he ends up with the detective and Iris both leaned up against him because for some unknown reason they’ve put him in the middle. He had tried to let Sherlock in as Iris bounded over to the other side, but as he looks between them, he can tell that both of them like to stare out at the world. They look so stupidly similar as they do it that if he didn’t know which one of them was on either side, he could get them confused.
“You were right.” The Omega says quietly.
“Oh, yes. I already canceled your services after your last — encounter. I’m actually calling you about something — different.” The doctor’s voice goes quiet at the end.
mate.
“I love you too pup. I
Iris feels as if his spine is on fire, he’s swimming in and out of consciousness, the heat no longer painful, satisfaction the only thing he can feel anymore. John’s cock splits him open and it’s better than he had imagined, the raw power behind each thrust adding more coal to the already burning fire of desire in his belly. The belly that’s going to get filled with the Alpha’s cum and that thought sends him even deeper into arousal, his sounds and motions no longer under his control. His Omega fully taking over, telling him to keep taking it, remind him how greedily he had wanted, and now he was getting.
, to let anyone who might see know that the Omega has been claimed thoroughly, but the smell of Sherlock’s slick is drawing him further down, pushing his Alpha to come out faster. To move
“I’m – I’m serious, Sherlock. Listen. I’m cutting you slack here; I’m trusting you.” He looks earnest. “But out there somewhere, some poor bastard’s covered in Semtex and is just waiting for you to solve the puzzle. So just tell me. What are we dealing with?” Sherlock notes how the last of Lestrade’s brown hair has finally gone grey, despite them being roughly the same age, just a few years difference. The caring and worry for people shortening the Alpha’s own life.
“That’s good – that’s a good deduction, yeah.” That strange sarcastic smile is still on John’s face as he points at Sherlock and licks his lips.
Sherlock takes a moment, pulls out his cellphone, shoots out a text and pockets it again. “Warning Iris.” He says, shrugging before taking off down the alley, long legs carrying him faster than he was running before, leaving behind the Alpha in a cloud of meadow grass pheromones.
“John?” Sherlock says, but his voice seems far away and the Alpha simply keeps rubbing over his stomach. “John!” The Omega says more firmly and John’s hand freezes. He looks up with a slightly embarrassed look on his face.
“Dad?” He questions, feeling calm suddenly knowing he’s not alone and is protected.
John sits up and lightly picks up the deflowered pup, moving him to the side of the bed, tucking him in with the comforter. Sherlock is on him before he can practically turn around, sitting in the Alpha’s lap and kissing him fervently.
“I—I don’t want to inflate your ego, but — ow.” Sherlock says breathless, a small moment of clarity slipping through the heat. That little worry of John not fitting coming back.
John watches everything from the side as the Omega’s get into position. He doesn’t want to interfere and staying still has earned him a front row seat to the two Omega’s make out session. His own breath catches in his throat as he watches Iris swoop down and then hesitate, his confidence not enough to do it in one shot. The moment drags on but then Iris’s lips are on Sherlock’s and the teen is kissing his dad, his lips starting to part as his more experienced and dominate father opens them with ease, sliding his tongue into his son’s mouth. The Alpha simply stares wide eyed at the display of passion that starts to heat up quickly.
“That painting has been subjected to every test known to science.” The woman says, arms crossed defensively. John looks between her and the painting, though why he bothers trying to find something wrong with it, he isn’t sure. He knows he has no knowledge that would be helpful when it comes to art.
“You’re a lunatic,
Sherlock whines and bucks, making the Alpha grab a hold of his hips, growling out a warning to be good as he stops to grind into his hole. “So close. So close.” John pants out as he draws back to shove in once again, picking back up a brutal pace for the moment, knowing the boy’s body can take it, just working him that final bit.
this – this little game of ours.” He smirks.
John rushes to Sherlock as he yells out for him, only to find his new mate telling him to turn back.
afraid to tell me when I need to check myself, when I’m being too harsh but you also don’t give up on me if I tell you I don’t care. You don’t need to protect us from Moriarty, that’s my job. Your job is to keep us safe from all the others and I can’t think of a better person for the job.”
Iris the serum, the one — sniff — he told us about. The one that makes an Omega’s body go into its first heat. He gave it to my Iris while we were at the pool. He dosed
“Only good?” Sherlock questions, watching John’s reaction. The Alpha smirks darkly and Sherlock leaks a bit of his own slick as a reaction.
Iris opens the door and looks around, but doesn’t enter. In his hands he holds John’s comforter. He probably could hear John moving around through the floor. The Alpha forgets sometimes that his floor is their ceiling in their bedroom.
“What d’you mean?” John says. He sees Iris shift forward to listen from his spot on the couch.
Alpha.” Sherlock sobs into John’s ear and John loses himself to the pleasure. He thrusts harder against that sweet slick hole.
“Normally an Alpha will only allow the Omega they are currently courting to scent them, whether by an exchange of clothing, or if already in a more committed relationship, by rubbing their scent gland together.” It sounds as if Sherlock is reading from a book and knowing his knowledge it most certainly is exactly that. “The second set of scent exchange is considered more intimate and is often used to initiate a mating.”
“Hello, this is John.” He says.
“Mmmm…not yet.” John says as he deems Sherlock’s rim to be stretched enough, pulling out his fingers before licking each one slowly, savoring the taste before climbing on the bed, positioning himself between his legs and leaning down to cage the Omega in. He caresses his face with reverent hands and brings their lips together, pouring his love into the action. Sherlock must feel it because he pushes into the kiss and wraps his arms around the Alpha’s back.
“You’ll be hearing from me Sherlock.” Moriarty turns about and strolls back around the pool, headed toward the door he first came through. “So if you have what you say you have, I will make you rich. If you don’t, I’ll make you into shoes.” When he reaches the door, he raises his hand and snaps his fingers. Instantly the red lasers of the snipers disappear as well as Moriarty through the door.
They lay together, breathing in sync as they wait for the knot to go down. It’s relaxing and perfect, John would dare say he’s never felt more calm in his entire life. Thinking about the three of them one day being a full pack has him smiling. It’s something that never happens anymore, something that so many people would shame them for because monogamy somehow became the normal over the years. But it doesn’t feel shameful to him, it feels like it would be perfect, like they would be great together. They’ll just have to wait a few years for Iris, John wouldn’t mind doing it right now but he still feels like the teen is too young to make that decision, even if he’s way too smart for his age.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade questions.
“What are you going on about?” The Alpha questions.
He’s not sure how long they sit there but as the meeting appears to be wrapping up, he’s somehow become lax in his grip and allowed the Omega to have free reign again. Sherlock had taken that as permission to try grinding once more. John grabs at those lean hips even tighter this time and rumbles low in his chest, knowing Sherlock will feel it against his back. “Little Prince, if you stay still and be a good boy for me, I’ll give you what you want.” He whispers right next to Sherlock’s ear and punctuates his point by lightly biting on the soft fleshy lobe.
“You’re right. You’re always right.” He nuzzles into Sherlock neck, breathing in the calming scent of meadow grass. Moriarty had used him against them but that didn’t make him a bad Alpha, losing to instinct wasn’t something that could be controlled and feeling bad about himself wasn’t what he should be doing. He’s been acting stupid, he was manipulated into a bad situation and that isn’t his fault.
“John and I mated. He’ll never be affected like that again.” Sherlock assures him.
“Anything on the Carl Powers case?” John asks. He knows Sherlock and Iris have been digging. Even if his doctorly knowledge says Iris
“Wrong. You haven’t got a case on, you solved the immediate puzzle last night and you
“Well, usually, he must stay above it all. He organizes these things but no-one ever has direct contact.” Sherlock finally shifts his eyes to John as he explains.
macho kind of Alpha but… it hurt because my knot is bigger than
John bends over and places a kiss on Sherlock’s stomach, then another and another, working his way slowly up and over his ribs. He can see goosebumps rise on the Omega’s flesh and when he gets up to that long pale neck, kissing it delicately he hears Sherlock’s breath hitch. The Alpha rumbles a bit, pleased that he’s affecting the detective, that changing the pace from fast to slow is throwing the normally calculated man off his game. John runs his tongue over a spot, gently sucking the skin before he nips it, causing the Omega’s hands to grip onto the Alpha’s sturdy biceps in shock.
Moriarty doesn’t even blink. “You’ve come the closest. Now you’re in my
John sinks his knot in and empties the last of his balls into his mate. His knot doesn’t even try to inflate beyond what it was and John is grateful because he gets to once again, pull his smaller knot in and out of his mate.
Sherlock’s eyes grow wider as Jim continues talking. He’s completely right, if Sherlock had known he was going to be an Omega and that he could take a simple dose of something to never have to deal with children, he would have. He’s horrified at the notion that he would have gladly done it, would have never met his beautiful pup Iris, who looks and sounds just like him, who he loves more than anything in this world.
“Are you going to be a good boy now, my grace?” The Omega nods his head frantically. It’s a beautiful site to John, his young fertile Omega laying there on the table, overwhelmed and already looking debauched, with just the little he’d done to him. Slick once again coating his thighs, John’s handprint is now bright red on the Prince’s ass, matching the scratches down his back. He knows he didn’t hit him with his full strength, not really wanting to hurt his soon to be bond mate, but just enough to sting.
“Evening.” John stays steadily. But as Sherlock looks on, John’s eyes rapidly blink, then slow down, then rapidly blink again. He recognizes it as an S.O.S message that soldiers are taught to use when on video as a hostage.
“John, you don’t have to…” Sherlock starts to protest before John is licking fulling into his hole, tongue dipping beyond his rim. The Omega’s toes curl and he buries his face into the pillow in front of him, muffling his own cries. John sucks and slurps his own cum out of Sherlock, cleaning him up before moving to his balls, where he removes the cum he had dripped there from his earlier enjoyment.
“But even after you both fell into instinct and gave in, you were able to stop.” Sherlock pauses and watches as John’s face changes. “You left him. You went to the clinic like I told you to.” The Alpha looks down, his smile gone. Then he looks back up, zeros in on Sherlock’s eyes.
“YES!” The Omega exclaims as his heels dig into John’s lower back, his body going wild as John steadies his rhythm, shoving himself in the same way each time to keep Sherlock on edge for as long as possible. He can feel nails digging into his back as well and continues to watch the Omega’s pretty face, his mouth open as hot breaths are being punched out him. John can’t help the smirk that’s plastered to his face as he witnesses the raw pleasure he can give to Sherlock, though his breathing his labored and he might need to give the overwhelmed Omega a break.
“Yeah. Bye Eyeball.” The Alpha says, with a small smile. The old nickname from his youth makes the teen giggle as he walks out.
While Iris had told him not to worry, his awake brain wasn’t really into that. As he made a large breakfast, hoping to tempt Sherlock into more food, he mulled over the possible ending of his relationship with the Omegas. He would obviously have to move out and find his own place. The money from the clinic would be enough to cover all the overdue bills but he’s
weakness. You can’t be allowed to continue. You just can’t. I
“Probably.” Sherlock says bluntly, causing Iris to snicker into his hand.
Finally outside the cab and wandering into a strange back alley, Sherlock looks to the sky. “Beautiful, isn’t it?” He remarks.
fertile and could someday give him a child if they wanted. At least this time, he’ll get to see and feel how swollen with seed he can make the Omega, which is more than enough to have him aching in his trousers. He pulls up a bit, nipping at Sherlock’s plush cupid’s bow, turning the flesh a deeper shade of red from the abuse. John doesn’t want to stop kissing but there are too many clothes in their way, he’s already heating up in the light sweater he has on over his own dress shirt.
“So pretty, my pretty Omega.” John’s voice is deep, growling out every word in his own unique timbre. He grinds his length into the slick, getting some of the lovely smelling liquid to coat him.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone.
Hey everyone, thank you all for waiting patiently for the next chapter. I know it's been a month, Bubblegum_taffy and I have been working back and forth on making a good chapter. I'll admit that the reason this chapter took so long is because I had written the first 3000 words and had her edit it. She basically told me politely that it was terrible and I agreed with her, so I had to rewrite it. But it took me about a week to think about how to change it all, but I think you will all agree it's for the better.
kill you.” John threatens, growling a bit at the end. But the Golem shows no reaction to his scent or his Alpha command.
“What did I say if you were good? Hmm… use your words my baby Prince.” He taunts the younger, wanting to hear the virgin boy say his deepest wishes. Hoping to give him anything he wants, ready to take him just the way that will make the Omega howl his name for everyone in the castle to hear.
They sit for a while, neither saying anything just being together for a moment. Iris curls up next to him and pushes himself up under John’s arm, his head resting on the Alpha’s chest as he slumps back onto the couch.
“Hold that cab!” Sherlock shouts and points.
Stomping on the stairs alerts the three that they have a visitor and while Iris and Sherlock don’t react, John does, sitting up suddenly to confront the intruder into his territory, his teeth already bared and scent beginning to spread. When he sees the face of a shocked Detective inspector Lestrade, he backs down, comfortable with Sherlock’s chosen Alpha friend.
“Four pips.” John points out.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment. I hope you enjoyed. I enjoyed writing it. <3
He makes sure to hang his coat before he goes into the pool area. If he’s pushed in the coat would get weighed down in the water and potentially be the death of him. He moves in through the door to the pool area, silent in his steps though he lets the door close loudly anyways. Sherlock knows the bomber will be here, in fact he’s counting on it. He holds his hands behind him, thumb drive in hand, he twirls in nervously. He’s meeting Moriarty, the only one who could have truly set this all up and the name the curator had told Lestrade and himself was the mastermind behind getting the forged painting authenticated.
Omega is
A small knock on his door startles him as he hadn’t even heard anyone come up the stairs. “John?” It’s Iris’s voice, small and questioning.
John smooths his hands over the boy’s body again, comforting the newly deflowered Omega, keeping him calm since their first mating isn’t quite over yet. He can tell it works when Sherlock is purring away happily in his ear. John runs his fingers over the Omega’s no longer flat stomach, feeling a small bulge of his seed filling the teen. He hugs the Prince in close, licking at the mating mark, enjoying their new slowly combining scents.
“Gushing just for me aren’t you baby, getting yourself all nice and ready. Let me
As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
“Bet you never saw
When the Alpha gets back to the flat, he’s happy to see that Mrs. Hudson is bringing up a few small sandwiches and tea. Iris grabs one smiling before Sherlock slams his hands down on both sides of his microscope, sending Mrs. Hudson scurrying from the room. John frowns at that, he hadn’t even gotten to say hello. He was really starting to like the elderly Omega, they would watch the television sometimes when the scent of the flat got to be too overwhelming, or one of Sherlock’s experiments became too much for John to stand.
Donovan keeps her head down, not moving a muscle. She may be an officer of the law and thus supposed to be able to handle and calm hostile situations, but her biology renders her docile, even as she likely is protesting the treatment in her own head. John hates using his Alpha to influence people, he avoids it at all costs, but in this moment he doesn’t care, she deserves to be put in her place.
“Eighteen months since our last appointment,” she countered patiently.
“Uh, so what’s in the, um,” he pointed at the box Greg had given him.
When he finally forced himself to call the office, he got an appointment quickly due to the urgent nature of his situation. He was caught between relief and annoyance when he hung up. It had seemed like a good idea to reach out for help, but now that it was within reach, he regretted it. An appointment would force him to shower, shave, dress himself. He might even have to do laundry. The formalities of life were overwhelming in their own way. They were a reminder that life went on. In some ways, it felt good to feel some sense of purpose again, but it was so exhausting. Life was relentless in its march forward. John could only do his best to keep up.
“We can go see things,” John replied almost immediately. “Together.”
John tossed the DVD onto the coffee table and stood up, reaching out to clasp Greg’s arm. “Thanks for, uh, bringing this stuff, yeah.”
As a doctor, a soldier, a friend, John couldn’t find an answer. Where there was once an abundant wealth of information – answers John didn’t wish to know to questions he didn’t think to ask – Sherlock had now left a gaping hole that he couldn’t fill. Sherlock’s explanation, more like an excuse, didn’t satisfy him. The ‘confession’ had washed over his ears, only taking root as news stations projected Sherlock’s lies in Piccadilly Square, newspapers, magazines, talk shows, everywhere. It was inescapable and inconceivable. Nobody believed in Sherlock. The public that had carried him to such heights now turned on him, casting him away as a fraud. But John had been there. His life had changed over the course of a brief conversation, followed by an invitation.
“Do you read the papers?” he challenged.
He walked into the sitting room and groaned at the stacks waiting for him there. As he mentally mapped out the flat, he knew the hardest places would be the sitting room – or the unofficial office space – and Sherlock’s bedroom. He was thoroughly exhausted even though it was only mid-afternoon, creeping into the evening. He plopped down in his chair, staring dolefully at Sherlock’s. The man was an enigma. A prism with infinite facets. And a bloody packrat.
For the first time since before the funeral, John grabbed a bottle of Scotch and poured himself three fingers. He deserved a bloody drink. He deserved to relax, and this was the only way he could let go. He sat down in his chair and closed his eyes, sipping until he was pleasantly dizzy. He exhaled, relishing the burn through his nose. The haze scattered and diffused the intensity of his pain.
John was surprised when he heard from Greg rather out of the blue. He had seen him maybe once or twice after the funeral, but then… John was mired in his grief, Greg in never-ending paperwork and tangential guilt; the spiral, like a noose, had tightened considerably after Sherlock’s attempted arrest. Not that it could have been avoided. Greg’s career was already on the line as case after case became subject to appeal as Sherlock's reputation began to crumble. But none of that mattered after Sherlock took his life. Not to him, and certainly not to John. Neither of them felt strongly enough about the other to overcome the awkwardness. Life went on.
A shelf crammed with worldly detritus quivered in John’s vision. He knelt and properly inspected the souvenirs for the first time. They were all pieces of Sherlock’s life before him – a life that he desperately wished to know now. He had been so content with the present that he had never considered delving into Sherlock’s past. Truthfully, he wasn’t sure Sherlock would have told him much even if he had asked. Despite the darkness that had crept in at some point, John knew that Sherlock must have always been extraordinary. He didn’t want to be jealous of the people who had known Sherlock his entire life, but he wished that he could have been there. He craved information, as if that would fill the hole in his heart. At the very least, the depth of his pain might feel more justified. He exhaled slowly and considered the personal effects that surrounded him, the weight of it all threatening to suffocate him. What would Sherlock do? He would take these facts and artifacts and deduce a narrative. He could do that, too. If he couldn’t have Sherlock, he would cobble together a representation based on deductions. It was almost logical. He could mourn Sherlock in his entirety.
