Over at the bar, Tony had thrown down a triple margarita and was working on his second.  Sam had gotten a soda and was watching him with fascination.
He saw a peek of blue and red from the back of the walk in wardrobe, the door left slight ajar. His Captain America get-up.  Steve stared down at his phone and went on a news website to avoid looking at it. All he could see was speculation pieces about who his 'third' Alpha was. He sighed and dropped his phone on the bedside table.
"I can assure you, it was pretty maddening at the time.  I wanted him to breed me.  I wanted it so bad."
Steve's phone chimed from the couch.  Tony looked over, then back.  "...you can get it if you want.  I'm just hangin' out here," he said, as if being stuck inside of Steve was something that happened to the best of them.
per se (aside from the whole Cap and SHIELD thing). Everything else was true- it was a deception on the surface, but not underneath.
She hit the stun gun again.  Both Bucky and Sam went down.
Steve sipped at the water then spat it out. "That doesn't taste right."
"Who, Sean?  SEAN!" she yelled.
.  Must be the sideburns.  ...c'mon, sugar." He made a kissy face at Steve.
?  It's not exactly the love story they're gonna wanna hear.  And I'm... I'm probably not the best guy to talk omega rights with.  I mean, I support them, I guess. I'm behind Steve all the way, but- but, you know, let's be honest, guys, I've got a lot of prejudices.  This will come as a surprise to you, but I'm not perfect."
"For the last time," snarled Karpov into the phone, "the Winter Soldier program and Project Guiding Star are
He ducked down to kiss Tony's bottom lip.
way?  React
"Tony, he's chosen you, he's here with you, what more do you--" began Tiberius with exasperation.  He paused. Tony's hackles were still up and there was a shiny pink mark on the back of his neck.
Then he gathered himself up and, with cold, mechanical precision, began making all the funeral arrangements.
Steve swore he could see fire or gauze or something, and it was stretching, and he could almost feel his body growing, time pulling his body in two directions, his spine elongating, his muscles pulling out like taffy, spooling out like string.  It wasn't an altogether unpleasant feeling, but very uncanny.
"Thanks... Doc..." wheezed Tony, reaching up with one hand to clutch at his chest.
At the heart of every question, Steve knew, was the unspoken crux of the matter: Was Steve safe?  Could he be trusted? Would anything like this happen again? Considering the mess they found themselves in, these were valid concerns.  It was a bit ironic, since as far as any of them having a meltdown and inadvertently causing a massive international crisis, Steve was probably far, far behind Tony in the probability rankings.  As Iron Man, Tony regularly violated international borders and sovereign airspace. But because his actions had never affected civilians and because Tony greased the political cogs with obscene amounts of money, people had turned a blind eye.  Besides, the fact of the matter was, Tony had managed to bring some stability to a very unstable region. Shortly before Steve's assignment to Tony, he'd watched the news, watching as Tony cockily proclaimed that he'd successfully privatized world peace, all while holding up his signature peace sign, grinning cheekily at the cameras while people cheered for him.
"...you can't fire me!"
After a fair amount of arguing at the gate, they let the car through, and Happy dropped Steve off at the entrance.  "Knock 'em dead, Cap!" he called.
He set it delicately down on the stand beside the bed, but just before dinner, Steve saw him taking it down to the shop.  There were only a few pictures in the house, and those were over Tony's workbench. Steve realized where his present was going.  It was probably going to be set on Tony's desk, next to the one of him and his father, a rare picture from Tony's childhood with both of them smiling.
Pietro dragged a shaking hand over his face.  "...where will he go?"
Gleason looked rather distracted by everything in Tony's workshop (of course, he hadn't seen it before).
Pepper stared at him, unperturbed, like he tore down the stairs naked every day.
, look at him, he's ruined!  ...I'll go get the book... fuck her, this is a waste of my time..."
Tony patted Steve's hand.  "Thanks, Ty," he said, and hung up.  He was glad Steve was excited, but he couldn't help but feel worried.  The guy had been in and out of camps since 2002, and before that, had been exchanged between private owners... he'd spent, what, twenty years being tortured?  Who the hell knew what he was like after that? Tony hated himself for thinking it, but part of him wondered if it would be better if he were dead.
...unless that first time...
"Another," he demanded.
"Can you deactivate the suits?"
"His ribs are damaged. We recommend bed rest. And if any signs of concussion persist you have to take him to the ER," the paramedic said. "He shouldn't really be flying..."
"What did he say to you, Steve?" asked Natasha.  She was more interested in the practical questions.  If the Winter Soldier was trying to lure Steve somewhere, then something was wrong.
"Yeah, well, people get married and divorced like four times, what's the big deal?"
Tony, face-down on the couch, reached up and made a non-committal hand-waving motion.  "...I need a drink..."
?" grumbled Tony.  "Did he
"That's something," said Tony admiringly.
"Alright, is that it?  Any more questions? Usually there's more question... then again, I generally teach twenty-year-olds... alright, well, that's all I have for you!  If you want to speak with me in private about any concerns I'm happy to talk to you, but disclaimer: I'm a doctor and my hourly rate is
"Грязные,"
about to unzip your pants in front of a hundred people with cameras on their phones," she hissed.
Steve sat up. "Of course."
Steve thought he might be in love. Just a little bit. Irshad reminded him of Peggy; she had the same sort of fire. She happily put all these Alphas in their place without batting an eyelid and when she shut Ellis up about politics Steve wanted to kiss her. Not like
They got back around eightish. More waffles had clearly been passed around and a few showers had been had. Donner was still practically glowing... but it was only a matter of time before Gideon tried to call him. That made Steve nervous.
" she hissed.  A moment later, Steve was--
His hand snaked down between Steve's legs again.
He looked down at Steve.  Steve was hard as a rock; Tony was half-hard himself, still pushing the dildo into Steve. Oh God, what the fuck was wrong with him.
Then Steve told him to stop.  He pulled into the first spot on the curb he could; Steve got out, and Bucky's heart dropped.  Was he leaving? Had Bucky done something wrong?
Maria rounded on Tony suddenly.  "I thought I told you not to touch the monitors, Tony!"
to trust him to always make the right decisions.  Being smart didn't mean he was good at long-term planning.  Rather, he tended to react to everything impulsively and emotionally and then use his intelligence to justify his decisions later.
He understood.
"We can have a lie in," Steve murmured, trying to sound positive after they'd toweled off and crawled under the covers. Gingerly, Steve tucked his head against Tony's shoulder. He had to curl his legs a little, else his feet would have stuck off the end.
"It got the job done," said Steve with a shrug and a wince.
"I'll be honest, I always just thought you were doing crosswords, I had no idea you went to all this work," said Tony.  "Oh, look, there's Elon.  HEY, ELON!"
"Howard never treated you right," he offered, half-remembering.  His brow furrowed. "Always bragging how he created perfection, how you were his greatest creation... always trying to touch you.  That guy was a bastard."
"нет."
When the door finally opened and Steve stepped in, Tony was chatting with Ellis; his sense of relief at seeing Steve's face immediately turned to horror at seeing Steve was wearing jeans and a workout shirt and that both were caked in blood.  He was limping.
In the end they'd left Tony to his own devices to focus on Steve.  Being bonded was on par with being mated; they were currently operating under the assumption that Steve had probably been forcibly mated by the Winter Soldier.
"Tony," Steve whispered as soon as he heard the children's TV show echo down the hall way. "He's here!"
"...Rhodey!" exclaimed Tony with delight, turning.  Rhodey was standing there in uniform, looking... not thrilled to see him.
"...this is seriously great coffee.  Better even that Steve makes," said Tony.
to sell themselves to a bunch of creepy old men. Surprisingly enough they were pretty thrilled at the news. I didn't even walk out with them," Steve pointed out. "Literally all I did at this conference was talk to people."
The moment Nate was down, Tony put a firm hand on Steve's arm and pulled him away.  "He won't understand until later," said Tony quietly, tugging Steve away. "Come on.  We should keep sweeping. I forgot to put the tape on the door and we should probably drag Melinda up here to explain how they--"  He couldn't finish.
"Steve.  Steve, talk to us, please.  Where are you?" asked Aria. "Who hates you?  No one hates you, Steve, all your friends are here with you."
"JARVIS.  Can it," said Tony, who had a headache.  Also, he didn't want to be reminded of the date.  It was only twelve days-- less than two weeks-- until his parents' deaths anniversary and he didn't want to think about that.
He'd been to beaches before (maybe?) but not like this one.  Beaches were dangerous places where you were exposed and mortar could strike you down at any moment.  This beach was calm and very wide.  The ocean stretched on forever.  A sidewalk split the grass and the palm trees from the sand.
Steve watched Tony go silently, not really knowing what to say after his little emotional outburst. He hadn't been planning it but all his anxieties just started tumbling out. It was easier with Tony than with anyone else. It felt good to get it out but now Steve was feeling strangely empty all over again, and almost queasy. But the doctor had said that was to be expected, hadn't he?
He brought Steve's hand up his his mouth and kissed his knuckles lightly.
Pietro was hoping, though, that the truth was that it hadn't been forced.  Hadn't they already been bonded?
"Probably getting groceries or something," said Tony with a wave of his hand.  "He doesn't like using JARVIS. Bit too technical for him. He's an old man, you know."
"That outfit is fine, Steve.  Just help Tony with his."
"I'm not going to ask if you're sure it was him, because he was your mate Steve. I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt; I trust you on this. I just want to say...I'm so,
"Good!" Steve said with an enthusiasm Tony hadn't really seen before. Steve looked hyped and energised, just about ready to go out on a run again and then probably four more after that one. He almost couldn't stay still. He was bouncing on his feet. He smirked subtly as he glanced over Tony, looking oddly at home as he was. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes (although it would have been fondly).
Modern day showers had been a revelation. The water pressure in them was
He walked to meet her halfway, his shoes crunching over the frost. He was glad he'd worn walking boots.
"Here, ask this cookie," said Tony, handing a small, orange-ish cookie in a clear plastic wrapper to Steve.  It was clear this was new to Steve.  "You break it open, like this..."  He demonstrated.  "...and there's a fortune inside.  Nifty, right?"
He got out of the car and nearly fell, grabbing himself at the last minute, and limped stubbornly into the foyer, wanting to leave Happy with a good last impression, since he was willing to bet that Pepper would grill him later for an update, and he knew what a shitty liar Happy was.
"Huh?  Yeah," agreed Tony, shaking the phantom memory from his head.
Tony paused for effect.  "...yes, we'll be releasing a sex tape shortly."
"You can have cookies for breakfast," said Clint, trying to compromise.
"I don't get why you even need the tracker.  Can't you just use your bond to locate him?" asked Happy casually.
And then he did. Tony eased the orgasm out of him skillfully, Steve's whole body shaking beneath him as his climax washed over him. It was so hard not to thrust his hips up but he just about managed to stop himself. It felt good, no matter what. Steve was panting as he came down, easing his fingers out of the sand, his eyes finally focusing on the sky above and the hint of moon.
like a nightmare.
... fantastic...
"But I'm so close, Steve!  I'm so close to having armor that comes to me and self-assembles... I'll be like a
, no you didn't!" laughed Tony, slapping Steve's chest with a wet smack.
contractor, their weapons helped saved lives and keep America safe.  Tony had sparred often with liberal, left-wing journalists; he didn't think of himself as an arms dealer, but as an inventor, a modern Renaissance man.  He joked about the weapons, deep down assuming that his cause was noble, that the monikers that followed him, like the Merchant of Death, were cute little tongue-in-cheek jokes that everyone was in on.
"Oh, boy, wait 'til she sees what we did to the sheets," said Tony with amusement.
"He can't have two Alphas," said Tony to no one in particular.  Gleason didn't comment on this, opting instead to keep speaking with Steve.  He asked him about the potted plant Tony had brought down on his head, asking him to follow his finger with his eyes, shone a pen light into his eyes.  At the end, he declared that Steve, miraculously, didn't appear to have a concussion.
"I didn't think so," Steve breathed.  "You fellows look out for each other out on the field, okay?  Status doesn't matter when you're getting shot at."
"We're grateful you came back so soon, Captain Rogers," Richards said, glancing between Steve and Tony quickly. "We've been consulting about yesterday's events and we've drawn up a blank."
Tony had more than a couple of drinks before they touched down.  They were dropped off at the Atlanta, Georgia, airport and then it was a three-mile drive to Scottsboro, the town south of Zephyr Hill.
"Warming up the crowd for Hammer.  What are
"Steve!"  Tony picked up Steve's ragdoll body in his arms easily.  Steve looked pale and gaunt; he had bags under his eyes and his lips were cracked and he looked like he hadn't showered in over a week.  To Tony, he'd never been more beautiful.
Steve reached up shakily to touch the back of his neck, where Tony had bitten him; it was bleeding. It was nothing dangerous but it was a considerable amount. And it
"Well," the doctor cleared her throat. "You should be dead."
It was probably about ten minutes later when Steve heard the suite doors opening. He was worried it might be DeSoto but then he heard them open the bedroom door and Tony had specifically told him to stay out of their room. Steve made a noise of acknowledgement and blinked an eye open. A Brooklyn drawl crept into his voice. "What was that you said about foolin' around earlier?"
Eric was beckoning them over. Piper looked bored by his side. Steve stepped closer to Tony. "Or we could go check out our room, chill out for a bit. Take a break," Steve suggested gently, a hand on Tony's elbow. Gideon had gotten them one of the nicest suites available, again probably just to show off. Although he had no real idea how much it was going to backfire.
!  Well, how was I supposed to know it was top secret, I don't have clearance to look at the files yet!"
He was in his blue uniform, well-dressed, back straight.  Despite his polite words and pleasant, professional demeanor, the back of his neck was tingling.  He knew Tiberius from magazine covers and talk shows but he'd never actually been in a room with him, and his smell had a sort of uncomfortably acridity that made him want to get the fuck away.  He pretended, of course, not to notice, and everyone else in the room pretended not to notice that he'd noticed.
"Is it true you had a miscarriage?" Sixteen asked in a whisper. "What did you mean when you said your old Alpha made you loose it? Isn't he super old?"
"I don't know. He already looks perkier," Maria pointed out drily.
He touched it, tracing it.  Steve kept shivering beneath him.  If he were an Alpha, his dander would be up, but of course, omegas couldn't bristle the backs of their necks like Alphas.
"Well, you see, I finally decided on my New Year’s resolution and I wanted to treat myself."
Donner suddenly looked up, worry clouding his features.  "But I had a sip of champagne last night. Is that bad for the baby?"
Again, Eric ignored his question. Steve thought it was pretty disgusting either way. That really was treating someone like a dog.
A few weeks in Steve went to visit Clint and his brother at the family household. Natasha was there too. It was amazing to see them all together. Laura probably hugged Steve about ten times, thanking him over and over. Natasha just patted him on his arm as he was leaving and told him:
"Donner, have you thought about going back to your old name?" asked Tony.  "The whole reindeer thing is weird. Also wasn't there like, a bunch of famous cannibals--"
"If I see any hint of Schmidt, I'll make sure they shut it down," murmured Tony softly, touching Steve's arm comfortingly as the doctors hovered over a computer, calibrating a program.
Steve smiled, eyes narrowing a little, but in a playful manner. "Yeah. That's how we did it back then. Didn't have none of your fancy ass plastic sleds...how did you even know about- you know what, doesn't matter." He reached up, fingers brushing against Tony's cheek and then he leaned up and kissed him, legs and back curling into Tony's hold.
He would do practically anything for Tony in that moment, including wear the collar. Right now Steve only cared about one thing.
She fixed him with a stern look. Steve saw her eyes dart briefly behind them, toward the bar.  Tony was throwing back margaritas like it was going out of style and Sam looked extremely uncomfortable.  Clearly, he wasn't sure whether he ought to be intervening in Steve and Natasha's conversation, or whether he should continue to sit next to Tony, who was brazenly getting drunk.
"Pick a team?  We could do math versus humanities, but I think we'd mop the floor with you guys," said Tony, elbowing Callum.  His grin widened, clearly pleased that Tony was suggesting he and Stark would be on the same team.
"I liked Irshad when I met her. She knew I'd had a miscarriage and put her hand on my arm and told me I was brace. No else did," Steve said quietly, gaze growing a little distant at the memory. That had been the day everything had gone to shit.
Steve was so excited. He was giddy and hyper at the idea of going back out into the field. Steve couldn't wait to do his bit again, to be a
She was in the doorway, looking stressed. "Are you… are you okay?"
"I'm sorry.  I don't know why I said that.  It wasn't him," said Steve quickly.  "It was just... weird.  I thought I was in an electric chair.  ...probably just heard somethin' on the radio that freaked me out.  Really.  It's nothing, Tones."
"...we've got one," said Tony.  "That Gene guy, remember? He's one of Eric's clients."
He kissed Steve on the cheek and gave his hand a squeeze, silently reassuring himself that, regardless of what the headlines read in the morning, it would be worth it to go to the Expo to see Pepper and to show off Steve and to rub Justin Hammer's
"Steve," said Tony, his mouth still full of Steve's flesh.  He glanced up at Steve and, almost begrudgingly, he stopped biting Steve's shoulder.  "Steve," he repeated with uncharacteristic seriousness, his hands running hypnotically down Steve's arms.  "I want to mate you now."
"I know," Steve assured her. "But it's okay Danielle, really." He said but she didn't seem to believe him. Oh well. That wasn't exactly Steve's problem.
He stretched on top of Steve for the box of condoms and tore it open.
"No bahg on me.  Only Dad and Steve," said Natasha.
this?  He wasn't an abusive drunk, like his father.  No-- Tony was a fun drunk.  Didn't that count for anything?
him; she always had...even when he was little Steve Rogers, trying to drive a tank and getting stuck in the mud. She'd laughed at him, arms wrapped around her middle and it had been a warm, not mocking, sound.  Even before the serum, when he was the lone omega on the base and he was failing at every task set to him, he felt that she had respected him.
"Sorry if I was a bit of a dick earlier; I legit want you to be happy, man." Sam said and reached over to squeeze his shoulder. "You know that, right?"
"What?" Steve asked, trying not to sound annoyed. He didn't like the way Sam was looking at him.
Then it was SNL. And Steve did okay! Or at least, Aria told him so. "You did awesome. You nailed it!" she said as they stepped out and into the car to be driven home. It was late. Steve had hung back to talk with some of the cast. "Everyone loved it Steve. They got just the right amount of politics in... it was
The soldier didn't move.
Then he'd brushed his teeth (his breath had been awful) and stepped out to find Tony already drinking. Steve wasn't surprised. Board meetings often made him drink (he was assured they were very boring). Steve was just the icing on the cake at this point, he guessed.  Tony's alcoholism rarely needed much fuel to get going.
He said it glibly but it wasn't a joke.  He and Pepper had always spent Christmas Eve together, but for Christmas proper, Tony was usually alone.  He hadn't had a proper Christmas for decades. He wondered if he ought to dig up the menorah for Aria. Wondered if all the agents hovering around were going to treat this like a normal day or put on a bunch of jolly good cheer.  He couldn't quite picture Coulson in a Santa hat.
need to unwind."
To reassure Trickshot, Steve got a picture of Natasha and Clint up on his phone. Trickshot gripped it tightly. "Yep," he croaked out. "That's him." Then he laughed, softly. "She is
Pepper's head whipped around to face Hill. "...swhy do we need defense systems?"
"This way, please, Mr. Stark," said the colonel politely.  "Captain Rogers was left in one of the second-floor lounges."
been just another brash Alpha who was a womanizer and a party animal
"Boring.  Continue."
"Tony!  Follow that!" said Clint eagerly.
"--and she said, ‘Trust me, this is important. This is time-sensitive. It's critical--;"
But, smell aside, watching Gleason drain the back of Steve's neck made Tony's stomach turn, especially the noise of the fluid being poured down the drain and the way Steve was going gray and clammy.  At some point, without realizing it, Tony offered Steve his hand, and Steve gripped it desperately, eyes watering, teeth gritted.
"Good omega," said Tony softly, squeezing Steve's left hand.  Gently, he let go of his cock and wiped his right hand on the sheets.  Tony had no embarrassment when it came to leaving huge sexual messes. In fact, he seemed to take pride in them.  When he wore condoms, he tossed them away without looking to see where they landed; Steve was pretty sure Tony's maids got paid an enormous amount to clean up after him.
"...you look awful," observed Pepper.
Pepper sighed and watching him go, then rounded on Steve.  "...what was
"She's not even a week old.  She can't do anything," said Donner.  His face broke into a grin again. "Look, Dr. McDermott gave me this book!  Right now she can't even hold her head up... and she doesn't really track things more than a foot away."
"Oof-- he weighs like a million pounds," said Tiberius.  Not completely unconscious, Steve was having trouble staying on his feet and was being half-carried by Maria and Tiberius.
pretend he was just a regular beta businessman, home from a long day at the office.  That everything was normal and okay. The cigarette smell helped cover up Steve's scent, which was nice.  He could almost ignore the upset radiating from their bond.  Steve's upset.
Tony peeked over the railing.  "...goes down pretty far," he observed.
"I don't have one," protested Tony.
"No, no, of course not," agreed Steve quickly.
"Well, normally Pepper is here, and she just gets me whatever I want.  I eat out a lot and order in... but I wanted Steve to wake up to something home-made.  It's more meaningful that way," said Tony, sipping his drink.
"I prefer to take my bike."
God knows how many days later, Steve was coming back from yoga, Aria having dropped him off.
"Uh huh," Steve said, sounding unconvinced. He sent a sideways glance at Tony and the two of them fell back, letter Eric and Piper walk ahead of them. "Do you actually wanna go to this thing?"
"For you?  Or in general?  I mean, they had workshops for guys like you, you know, with unruly omegas."
On the other end, Phil frowned at the phone.  It seemed like an odd question to ask out of the blue.  He was at his desk in the JDE Mission Facility; he turned to his computer and went to check his e-mails.
"Can't you smell if someone is bonded?"
Donner shrugged and gave the answer he expected. "Erm.  Justin Hammer?  Look, I should go..."
Time went quickly. They had a lot of sex.  It was better than talking; Steve could not talk to Tony because what he wanted to talk about was Bucky. Tiberius delivered pills and only saw about five things he probably didn't want to, which Steve counted as a success. They went through all the fruit and cereal bars in the house and by the end of a few days Steve could feel the heat tugging at his bones, saying its goodbyes. He'd probably have a steamy morning the next day, but that was it. His body was done, drained.
Her hands were out and the blond on the roof was knocked over, skittering dangerously close to the edge of the roof.
she'd yelled, which was true, although Tony had pointed out that he'd aimed the oven away from the door and that unless you stepped directly in front of it, you were unlikely to get fried. It didn't matter.  He'd been in a ton of trouble. Dinner had been Chinese food and Tony was sent upstairs without getting to have any
"No, it's great, it's the best thing in the world," said Tony, setting his head on Steve's shoulder.  "Wanna help us answer fan mail until I get horny and take Steve out back to plow him again?"
There was a long pause.  "I'm flattered that you trust me, but I wouldn't want my smell to ruin your heat."
The fresh mark on Steve's neck ached.
"But I made it myself."
He winced a little when he felt Tony tense at the pain. "Sorry." Steve pulled out gauze tape next, fixing up the wound before carefully wrapping a strip of bandage around Tony's palm. It felt good to do this...to look after him. Maybe he wasn't Steve's Alpha, but he was still his friend.
He nearly bowled over a security guard on his way to stage 4.
"Tiberius Stone," said Phil.  "Head of Status Alliance. Tony's in the kitchen, probably on his second White Russian by now."  He realized what he'd said and added, "Sorry, Steve."
Child's play.
Tony sent back a text almost immediately:
"Perfect," whispered Aria, nodding approvingly.
"There you go," he said, pulling off the collar.  Steve's neck looked bare without it. "Now let's get dressed before you starve to death."  Tony was only half-joking; he knew Steve well enough to know that after the night's exertions, Steve was probably dying for some food.
Steve held the envelope at arms length, eyes wide. "Why the hell is there
The conversation on the phone lasted a while and Steve sat by nervously. He was nervous about what Clint was saying and wished he could hear it himself. Although, it was obvious that he hadn't told Tony about his own family, from the half of it that Steve was hearing. If Clint had, Tony would have no doubt reacted in a rather noticeable way. Even when Tony lowered his voice to try and be subtle, Steve could still hear him because of his superior senses senses, but he ducked his head down, nose into the SNL script with him as president, and tried to pretend he wasn't listening.
"...oh, sweetie..."  Pepper sat delicately on the end of the bed and reached over to take one of Tony's well-calloused hands in her own.  "You can go get him back, Tony. He loves you. You're bonded. I know how sensitive you are about... some things. But it's time to let go.  Steve is more important."
"You guys need to work on all that pent-up frustration. You're shit at talking. Both of you are," she told him matter-of-factly and then pulled away, as if she'd been waiting just to say that. Perhaps she had.
and he was pretty sure he felt his own cock twitch against his thigh in response. When they were downstairs in the conference and alphas called their omegas 'good boy' and 'good girl' it had made Steve feel sick. But here...in bed with Tony, it turned him on more than anything else.
!" said Steve, and he burst out laughing.  Even Fury chuckled a little.  "Oh, no, Tony... no, no, no.  I'm not coming with you.  My assignment is over.  I recruited you and you've been approved for combat.  We're done now."
"Enhancement work?"
"You know you sound like an evil madman, right?" asked Tony.  "I mean, you don't live in like, an active volcano or something, do you?"
The monitors were scrambling, resolving into a new scene, a familiar one, Steve's apartment... Natasha...
"Riley's getting him," said Dani gently.
Phil frowned.  "Let's try to keep it a little tighter than your birthday, shall we?"
Tony's stomach turned. "For once, Jarv, I don't think I'm in the doghouse with her," replied Tony.  Normally, he would find it amusing that JARVIS assumed he owed Pepper an apology. But he was more interested in who was asking for Steve's forgiveness.  He was positive that those tulips weren't for him.
swan, the other swan!"
"I don't care.  You can't give him another test, you're going to fuck him up in the head.  What, once wasn't good enough?  The guy's been through enough. He passed, didn't he?  Who cares if some super-assassin showed up?  I mean, hell, it's not like there's not a ton of people with weird prosthetics in Steve's life- there's me, there was that guy who attacked us in Monaco... Bam, that's two Alphas with weird metal appendages in the last week alone.  What're you gonna possibly find out by putting him under again, huh, that your stupid program is broken and it's dumping crazy assassins into people's subconscious minds without meaning to?  No way.  Forget it.  It's not happening."
"Sit tight," Steve told him, and kissed Tony's forehead.
they were friends, would it be weird for Tony to come over?  Talk to Steve without Natasha and Clint and Phil breathing down their necks?  Being caught in an intimate pose, with Steve at Tony's feet, had been embarrassing.  Tony was almost grateful that Coulson had dumped water on them.
Several unmated Alphas were watching her with fascination; one of them had already spilled a drink.  She ignored them.  Tony couldn't tell if she was bonded or not; the only thing he was getting from her is that she was at the top of the pheromonal hierarchy and was not to be messed with.  She was eyeing Steve, sniffing almost inperceptively.  Tony would have loved to see her and Natasha square off.  He felt like she was reading them with her nose; everything about her radiated an almost feral energy and Tony knew immediately why she was the head of the world's large omega rights organization.
Golly, the future was great.
"Captain America," said Cooper, tapping his left shoulder twice, lacing his fingers together, and making a stirring motion.  Steve realized he was automatically signing what he was saying.
Tony heard his name and the tone of desperation in his omega's voice, but that was it.  He couldn't process the meaning of the words. He only knew Steve was begging and he knew what for, and he felt frustrated that he couldn't give it to him.
"Ooh la la.  It look stunning on you," said Tony.
There were a few taps on the glass; Clint grabbed Tony and the two of them exited while Natasha threw the garrote around Sitwell's neck again.
The effects of the previous day's work were evident the moment Tony stood up.  He groaned, muscles stiff and cramped. He stretched and his joints popped, especially the right shoulder he'd dislocated so many times in the past.  He looked at the note again; Steve's handwriting was small and neat and old-fashioned. No doubt, thought Tony with a stab of annoyance, that Steve was probably working out again.
Clint was quiet and clever. He knew battlefields and battle tactics, but more than that. He was stealthier than Nat (almost impossible). He had a hell of a track record, most of which was classified. When Steve idly thought about actually leading the team Tony was obviously the person who'd be sent to deal with security. Clint would be the person you'd send up top to take out men before they even got to them. Of course, Tony would be amazing on the field... Steve had no doubt. But that certainly wouldn't diminish anyone else's contribution. Tony was a tech guy.  Not a sniper.
Steve leaned into Tony's touch, not noticing if he was gripping him a little tight. The presence of his alpha and touch was comforting and grounding. He sighed softly and let his eyes slip shut. Then they flew open again as Tony bit at his ear and he involuntarily shivered.
what he was mad about.  The bond that had come before him.  The bond that still existed.
Steve sighed. The place looked low key, at least; hopefully they wouldn't be bothered in there. Nonetheless Steve felt a little intimidated. There was a fiery look in Natasha's eyes that he dare not mess with. Oh...this was going to be fun, wasn't it? He wasn't sure who did it but soon his fingers were interlinked with Tony's and they walking up the steps.
Danielle put a hand on one hip. "I suppose you have a point."
"Photo!" John punctuated, pulling out a mobile that was one of the latest on the market. Steve frowned as he spotted Gideon and Donner a ways off. It looked like he'd gotten Donner in trouble. Shit. Now Steve felt bad.
In theory, Steve could very easily pull out of Tony's grip and take what he wanted. Or at least, actually get himself off properly. But in reality Steve was putty in Tony's hands and he would never push against hisAlpha's own hold; never in bed, anyway. And it wasn't because Steve didn't feel like he could-- he
Steve hadn't done much aside from sit in his cell. He couldn't pace, not with the ankle and the immobility combined with the entrapment was driving him insane. He wasn't surprised when Bucky came to see him but he was surprised that Karpov came to supervise. Of course, Steve wasn't stupid. He knew that there were cameras watching him constantly. Still, they were letting him lose on the Winter Soldier and his supposed 'programming'.
"Because you have several pounds of metal in your chest!"
Ah-ha!  Pepper leaped on his words.
"Yes, but Steve is--"  Tony considered. "--Steve," he finished.
"No. Bucky. I know there's
Tony was still wondering how Bucky had managed to pin Steve down and bite him without mating him.
want?  Seriously, you hated all those collars, I could tell.  Just tell me what you wanna do and we'll do it. But I don't want you to force yourself to do something you can't stand just to make a point.  Sometimes you've got to drop the whole Cap act and take care of regular old Steve."
"What, you want me to tip-toe?  I'm wearing two hundred pounds of metal, it's not gonna be quiet."
need maintaining). But Steve didn't see much point in sparring anymore if he wasn't going to be a soldier; he'd have to think of something else... and Steve fell asleep like that; curled up in the sheets and lost in his own thoughts.
Tony found it baffling that Richard and David, a conservative Alpha and a progressive omega, respectively, appeared to be friends.  Or at least colleagues who respected each other.
"Tony?" she ventured.  "...that was Natasha."  A pause.  "A friend of Steve's?"
Tony wasn't sure he'd ever really wanted to hold anyone before.  Oh, sure, he occasionally threw an arm around a girl after a particularly juicy conquest.  He'd let them curl up under his arm while he smoked.  (Back when he'd smoked; he'd quit after Afghanistan.)  But he'd never wanted to just
Tony hesitated.  "I don't like shaking hands."
"It's okay like this," Steve murmured, halfheartedly watching the credits roll past as he concentrated on the feeling on Tony's hands in his hair. The touch was pleasant, making a shiver run down his spine.
A moment later he cocked his head; there was a loud, heavy clanking.  Tony stomped into the room wearing a pair of red metal boots, wires running up to his chest.
Tony was rambling, his brain and mouth moving too quickly for Steve to keep up.  It was heavy, the suitcase, and now it was attached to him.  Steve swallowed.  Okay.  But why would Tony want his suit at the race?  That didn’t make sense.  Were they in some kind of danger Steve didn’t know about?
"Thanks, buddy," said Tony, heaving up the broken pieces of the armor and dragging them across the garage.  He tossed them inelegantly on a work bench, glancing down at the broken casing of the miniature arc reactor.  He reached up and rubbed his chest subconsciously, still listening in to Steve and Natasha.
Then without another word, he turned and left.
plural) really was.
Tony grinned at her.  "...be the godmother to our children probably," he said jokingly.  "Naw, I'm kidding, no kids. We'll use protection. Speaking of which..."  He reached out to pat Steve's leg. "If you'll excuse me, I have an omega to satisfy."
But it hadn't worked out like that.  There were some things you just couldn't get back.  Lesson learned.
Steve wasn't really a crier. He used to suck it up and bare it but he was feeling over emotional and shaky and Tony just said he...he wanted to...
Except that this time, Donner wasn't Steve.  Donner was a nobody.  And it was up to them and to them alone to find him.
"...kneel," he whispered.
PS: To pre-emptively answer questions, no, this story arc is NOT Winter Soldier and is NOT connected to the events that will occur in 2014.  We just wanted a plot bunny with Steve and Fury out on an adventure and threw Bucko into the mix for fun. - T
"Sorry," said Steve quickly.
Tony was still wheezing out the end of his laughter. Steve had to bite back a frown as he moved to sit down next to him again. Belatedly, he realised he'd just followed an order. Or was it an invitation? Steve wasn't sure. He didn't know what to say to make everything alright. Maybe it wasn't that simple. Maybe it just couldn't be that simple.
"Tony's a good guy too, Steve. I was worried before. But I see it now. He's a good guy. A good one."
"No, no, Erik Selvig, the physicist.  He's doing some dynamite stuff on dark matter, you ought to check it out-- right now he's on sabbatical in Tromsø.  Could be a nice little getaway for you."
He did another length and popped up again for air to see Tony sitting down but still watching him. Steve cocked a brow at him, the gesture almost teasing, and then he sank back under again.
"How come you and Clint don't have kids?"
They both began laughing again, grabbing each other, punching each other's arms playfully, swearing at each other affectionately.
"Yeah.  Time to go," he agreed, trying not to dwell on what Steve had just said. Tony struggled to capture a sense of peace, of happiness.  He had to be confident.  Had to steel himself for the upcoming media onslaught.
"Who?"
"I know. I know. You don't have to hurt me, please, just--" Steve sighed in relief as Tony's rough fingers closed around him and groaned as he stroked him. Steve rocked his hips into the touch with small undulations of his hips and panted and whined, his head tilted back until he finally came undone beneath him.
Aria got in the last seat available of the SUV, tapping away on her phone with one hand. She smelt of cigarette smoke and a tangerine body spray she liked to use. "Oh, and just to warn you-- last warning, I promise-- Malick is probably a sexist, statusist bastard. He's part of some 'Gentleman Alpha club' thingy. Which is not a good thing. They give money to those camps, the kind that Tiberius went to."
, Tony!  Firing!"
"I want to go to the Expo
"That was insane Tony," Pepper said quietly as she drove them away from the airport. "I've never seen you like that before. I've never seen
He'd been asleep just over three hours.
Someone fired in response but their round went wild, and someone else shot something much bigger and hit a car, which erupted into flames.  The stand-off dissolved as quickly as it had begun, but dissolved into a hysterical mess of smoke.  Half of them were blind and deaf; the others couldn't see further than their own arm because of the smoke.
SHIELD's records had been sparse.  In 2010, there had been waterboarding and unspecified torture, "physical and psychological." SHIELD's psychologists had easily diagnosed Tony with the usual gamut of disorders: narcissism, OCD-like tendencies, PTSD, anxiety, addiction.  But all of it was speculation and no one spent more than a paragraph on it because they just didn't know.  Realistically, Tony probably knew more about Steve than Steve knew about Tony; both were outrageously public figures, but Steve was guileless.  Tony's openness about himself was always tongue-in-cheek.
He flipped open the notebook, hoping perhaps, somehow, it might give him some instructions.
The plane was sleek, a marvel of Stark technology. Steve would be perfectly comfortable, aside from the whole heat thing.
"Tony--" He was struggling to get the words out. It was so hard to say it. It was so very, very wrong.
A lump welled up in the back of Steve's throat. "Thanks Nat. Look, I gotta go. I'll talk to you soon, yeah?"
Listening in from the basement, Tony felt a mean, vicious sort of satisfaction in hearing from Steve how terrible his first mate was.  He twirled idly around in his desk chair, feeling a lot calmer than he had a week ago, a lot more secure.  Hearing Steve say Bucky's name still made his hackles rise, but he didn't mind Steve and Natasha chatting, even knowing what a dominant Alpha she was.  It was only when Steve talked openly about his old bite mark... it hurt.  It hurt so much to know Steve had been claimed before.
. That was Karpov, wasn't it? Fuck. Steve's hands shook a little. Bucky was so confused, so alone. He didn't understand anything. Did he think the war was still going? Oh god. How broken was he? What had they done to him...? Steve wanted to kill HYDRA. He wanted to
Steve snapped awake when the jet hit turbulence.
During Steve's heat, Steve had been too preoccupied with Tony to do anything too destructive.  Although he
He stopped.  Steve's eyes had glazed over.
Tony smoothed down his suit.  "What's next, no rock n' roll?"
"I know you're worried about punching the guy," Banksy put a hand on his arm. "But I also don't think you should hide from him, Steve. Anger doesn't have to be violent, if you channel it in the right way."
Steve had admittedly forgotten about Natasha's gift with everything else that happened. He took the memento back gently, thumb brushing over the photograph. He stared down at it for a moment too long, his glassy when he looked back up. "Thank you Pepper," he replied quietly. "This means a lot. Really. ...Tony would freak out if he saw this," Steve whispered, sounding almost sad at the fact before he moved to pull a sketch book out of a draw. He slotted both the dogtags and photograph inside it before he placed it back. It was his private sketchbook, Tony respected that and didn't look at it.
"No, no, it's easy, you just have one person in the middle," Tony was explaining to STeve.  "You take one end, I take the other, and-- Steve, gimme that box, you're doing it wrong, here."  He plucked the box out of Steve's hands and opened it, immediately dropping the contents on to the floor.  Sure enough, it was a necklace with a pair of dogtags. Tony felt rather disappointed. He had hoped for something more exciting.
"Steve?  Anything you want.  I promise.  I'm your Alpha.  I'll take care of you.  Just tell me what you need."
(This notion was only slightly reinforced by the fact that Tony had knotted Steve.  He couldn't remember the last time it had felt this tight; whether it was that Tony's knot was more swollen than normal or that Steve was clenching harder was anyone's guess.)
have a life. I'm just trying to give you one. Do you really wanna raise a kid with that guy? What happens if you have an omega, huh? What happens if he wanted to send your kid to one of those camps where they cut their neck open? Or worse, what if he sold them? He's sold you. Why wouldn't he sell your baby?"
Tony felt so embarrassed.  He hoped Steve hadn't noticed his erection.  He'd been caught up in the moment.  He hoped he hadn't crossed a line.  Steve didn't want an Alpha and now he was marked and would stay marked for probably a week or two; he had every right to be furious at Tony over that.
“I want to say size nine? Ten?”
“Same goes for you, Widow, what’s the brief?”
Tony tucked his hand into offered arm Steve gave him, leading him on to the carpet, passing his keys to one of the valets there, thanking him quietly. The warm summer air was pleasant.
He steadily gets more confident with his comments, retweeting a few more articles about LGBT+ rights and showing his support for many of the young people who have been to marches and taken various pictures of signs and of the parade. Steve had tweeted and shown his support for every single person. He’d started going more political, calling various New York politicians out for their comments towards the Avengers and to people in New York. One politician tweeted about the problem of homelessness in New York and that he didn’t like seeing people sat in doorways. Steve promptly responded with: ‘if you don’t like it, fucking do something about it then. Start by not being an asshole and doing some good work for once in your life.’
SR: I’d love to! Let me know when it is and I’ll find something to wear.
Tony was in the worst state than them all, armour falling off from various parts of his body exposing his ripped undersuit caked with blood. His hairline was similar, crimson dripping from his dark hair on to his tanned skin. He was limping on his right side, holding his helmet in his left hand, raising it ever so slightly when he was the trio heading back to the Quinjet.
He had developed a blossoming friendship with Peter, the boy he saved in the subway. He was a smart kid, always happy to see Steve and chat about his day or his school work or a dog he saw on the way to work. The way he spoke made Steve think that Tony hadn’t told him about what had happened.
SR: It’s probably because you don’t know me, I might always be this amazing, people just happened to catch this on camera.
“Oh that it has,” his gaze moved over to Steve, “and who is this?”
“You and that smart mouth will get you into trouble one of these days, Rogers.”
They set a date for coffee, the 16th of the month, Tony picking the destination. Steve declined the offer for a lift, saying he would meet Tony there. He liked the subway enough, it was a constant for Steve, reliable.
“I wasn’t talking about wounds, but that’s alright. Let’s just get back, I want to go home.”
Steve left the phone open on the message as he ate his breakfast, half a loaf of toast with jam and 3 oranges. He was still annoyed, still angry to have been called a ‘keyboard warrior’, sure what he was doing essentially fit into the description of that person but he wasn’t abusive or trying to offend anyone. He just wanted people to know when they were wrong.
Steve then set his phone down, frowning slightly. What was the harm? Tony didn’t know Steve was Captain America, he would have said something to Steve if he did.
“Oh, I’m fine, Mr. Rogers,” he surged up and kissed Steve, closing his eyes and slipping his hand up to Steve’s jaw, pulling him slightly closer and kissing him deeper.
“Don’t you dare say that to me. Don’t you fucking dare, Rogers. I’m done. You lied to me for months, you made me look like the biggest idiot going! We’re done.”
Steve arrived early again, his sunglasses blocking out the worst of the morning rays as he waited outside the museum. He left his phone in his pocket, opting to people watch; the people of New York always had various stories to tell on a Saturday morning.
“So just agree with me then, doll.”
“My healing factor took care of it like it always does.”
The car stopped at the headquarters about 15 minutes later, Steve rushing out and striding into the building, following one of the guards down various hallways until they came to the hanger where Natasha was stood, arms folded.
Steve felt himself smile slightly, nodding his head towards Tony, keeping his arms tight around Natasha, she was awake he could tell, but better to leave her be.
Steve sighed, keeping his shoulders set before standing tall again. He could already feel a headache forming behind his eyes.
Steve frowned, going silent on the phone, letting Sam continue.
SR: I love art, I haven’t been to that one before, it’ll be fun. Say meet there around 11? We can grab lunch too?
“It wasn’t like I was trying to get beaten up, Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers just happened to be there and help,” he told him, the boy’s cheeks bright red, keeping his head down as he finished up the coffee.
Steve frowned, watching him walk past, trying to ignore the sway of Tony’s hips before looking back at Natasha who was smirking at him.
“I’m still amazed you bought a car specifically to match the suit you’re wearing,” Steve told Tony, looking over at the other who was grinning behind the wheel of his latest purchase.
TS: I can get rid of the article if you’re uncomfortable with it, honey. The press love to slander me but if you want it gone, I’ll do it.
He slowly opened the messages, wincing slightly as he read them.
“Captain America’s swearing? Damn, I must have annoyed him. I did my job, Cap, we caught them. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got a fortune 500 company to run,” he bit back, turning on his heel and storming off down the hallways of the compound.
“It is easy, you just think too much.”
“That’s it?”
TS: hey honey! Sorry I’ve been gone, works been a killer ): I was thinking suit shopping tomorrow? I can pick you up and we can get you all glammed up, not that you need it ;)
Steve dipped his head down, pressing a kiss against Tony’s temple gently, “I’m fine, doll, what about you?”
The genius let his head rest against Steve’s bicep, taking a deep breath and slowly letting it out. “You alright, honey?”
He was quickly moved on by some of the police officers who wanted to keep the peace, but Steve was amazed they thought that there was peace when there’s Nazis parading flags around. It made Steve feel sick.
“I don’t think so.”
Clint called for support, the archer finding himself surrounded on the rooftop. They quickly cleared the area, panting and exhausted.
“Wow, you flatter me, honey. I’m only human.”
TS: You got hit by a car!!!! I’m gonna send you a get well package, what’s your address???
Steve burned red, pulling back and looking over at the figure of Natasha Romanoff, sleek red dress hugging her figure. The clack of her heels echoed in the empty hall as she walked over to the pair.
But Tony Stark was just an enigma that Steve would probably never understand.
Steve was persistent, he kept trying to open and download apps of all kinds. He was proud of the first app he managed to download which was a cooking one, it gave him recipes and the nutritional value of each meal, which he used nearly every day. He’d made all sorts: lemon chicken, minestrone soup, a lasagne, even a couple of cakes. It kept him busy when he wasn’t out avenging or travelling for missions. His army back pay meant he didn’t have to get a job if he didn’t want to, he’d thought about volunteering at the museum but maybe that was pushing his luck a bit.
He didn’t think Tony would have remembered. That made Steve’s chest feel tight in a way that he hadn’t felt in a long time.
“Are you? Just go for it, you might see a new side to him. Just because Cap and Iron Man don’t get along, doesn’t mean Steve and Tony can’t.”
“Now who’s lying, Steven?”
“Well, breakfast and a show? Mr. Rogers, you spoil me,” Tony grinned, heading into the kitchen and giving Steve a kiss before picking up his coffee and taking a gulp.
“Just what? Wanted to see how long you could string me along?” Tony was red in the face, shaking with anger as his eyes filled with tears.
Steve opened his mouth to retort but fell quiet again, cheeks burning slightly. He regained his cool before clearing his throat and turning on his heel to head inside the jet.
He’d never actually retweeted with comments before until he saw an article about bringing back conversion therapy. Steve knew vaguely what it was, he’d read about it in a few other political articles about LGBT rights, but he hadn’t seen anyone actually think it was a good plan to bring it back.
“Oh, oh yeah sure,” Steve stuttered, nodding and standing slightly taller in himself.
The second app he had gotten was a game, it wasn’t solitaire but it was relaxing. He had to look after a bunch of various plants. He’d check the app every morning to water them and then leave them, it was as simple as that. It became a routine, to water his virtual plants and then get up and go for his morning run around Brooklyn, sometimes pushing into New York if he had more energy than usual. The plants game wasn’t really what he was looking for, he felt bad deleting it, worrying about his several cacti but quickly getting over.
“Oh, no, no, no, Mr. Rogers, absolutely not, that’s a surprise,” Tony took hold of the lapels on Steve’s jacket, tugging them straight before tapping his chest gently.
Steve pulled back the curtain, heading back out into the centre of the room, Tony and Gabriel both sat down but quickly standing up when Steve walked back in.
“Let’s go, Widow. Drop us down on the rear of the closest ship,” he told Hawkeye, watching Clint nod before flying them closer. Steve headed back into the seats, picking up his shield and settling it on his arm, rolling his shoulders again. He moved over next to Widow, watching the hatch slowly open before jumping down and landing on the cold metal of the ship.
It wasn’t long until Natasha left her seat to bring Steve a file, clearing her throat quietly and waiting till Steve opened his eyes, looking up at her and thanking her for the file, taking it and sitting up straighter before he opened the files, having a quick read of the pages. A large drug smuggling organisation, moving cocaine and various other class A drugs into the country from places, some in South America and some in Europe. Steve wasn’t really sure why this was Avengers work, but they hadn’t had a mission in a while and it seemed large enough to catch the attention of SHIELD so Steve wasn’t one to question it.
Steve never intended to spend as much time reading political and social articles on Twitter than he did. He’d read about strikes, government shutdowns, riots, marches. He’d ended up following a lot more accounts that all talk about the events going on in the world that the news didn’t cover. He still watched the news and read the newspaper daily, he bought it every morning when he’s coming back from his run.
The kitchen was sparkling, all chrome and metal. Steve opened the fridge, eyeing the ingredients before taking out pepper, spinach, cheese, milk, and butter. He was amazed to actually find food in the kitchen. He set them down, finding the eggs in a separate shelf. He got started, chopping the vegetables and cracking the eggs, taking a break to grab his and Tony’s coffee from the machine. He took a sip and sighed softly, JARVIS really knew how to make a good cup of coffee.
He ended up following various different Avengers accounts, some praising the group and some dismissing the group. A lot of arguments stemmed around the damages that were caused when New York was invaded, but a lot of those comments were shut down with common logic like ‘a few broken buildings is probably better than an enslaved world you idiot’, which Steve completely agreed with. Plus, he knew for a fact that Stark had funded various clean up schemes, all of which had done extremely well in restoring New York and its boroughs.
‘Sick to my stomach. People can’t be cured when there’s nothing wrong with them. Fuck anyone who thinks otherwise.’
“I gotta go, man, my next group is soon, text me if you need any more of my wise words, but really, what’s the harm?”
Tony stayed while Steve finished up, holding out a bottle of water to Cap as he came through into the lab, panting softly and accepting the bottle.
Still, in the back of his mind, he had the thought that he was wrong for doing this, that he was a horrible person for not telling Tony who he really was. It kept him awake at night, should he tell Tony or just wait until he figures it out? For a genius, he really was clueless sometimes.
“The beard’s a good look on you, you keeping it for the gala?” Tony asked, smiling up at Steve.
They headed down into the subway, waiting for the next train when Steve heard the commotion. A group of men were shouting at a group of teenagers, the oldest probably about eighteen while the other three looked younger. Two of them had the same flag Steve had on his shoulders, the men shouting slurs at them, throwing bottles on the ground near their feet.
He changed into it, staring at himself in the mirror for a few seconds before slowly heading out into the main room.
“Let’s go,” Tony grinned, leaning forward and kissing Steve quickly before climbing out of the car, rushing around to open the door for Steve, holding his hand out to the man. He only smiled wider when Steve rolled his eyes, taking the extended hand in front of him.
HYDRA missions were something Steve thought he’d be doing alone, but when the full team rocked up to the jet, even Tony in his classic sunglasses, Steve frowned slightly.
‘SECOND DATE FOR STARK AND LOVER BOY.’
He opened the message from Tony again, typing out his response.
What made his day though was when one notification came through on his phone at around 10pm a week after the incident; Tony Stark liked this tweet.
TS: But I want to! Call it more an indulgence for me for getting to pick what you wear ;)
‘This is what a true American hero looks like. Someone who isn’t afraid to fight against what’s wrong with this country.’
“I was in a car accident a few days ago,” Steve told him, glancing down at the parcel, “I didn’t think Tony would actually send me something.”
Steve carried on down Tony’s page, laughing at some of the jokes made at Hammer Industries and their attempts to copy the Iron Man suit, actually reading some of the articles Tony had retweeted about technology and even some of the slander articles about the Avengers, which Tony had all called ‘dumb’ and ‘pointless’.
The next text he got from Tony came two days later on the Friday night as Steve was settling down from a workout, drinking a protein shake out of a litre bottle as he sat down in his living room. He felt his phone buzz in his pocket, taking it out and smiling down at the screen.
The pair were spotted in the MOMA on Saturday afternoon, Stark and his anonymous lover who we’ve yet to identify spent the day together. Mr. Stark was unavailable for comment and so were the rest of the Avengers. Do they approve of Stark’s secret love? Turn to page 8 to find out.
Tony knelt behind him, running his hands along Steve’s neck, shoulders, back, and then Tony left little kisses where his hands had been, murmuring, “You’re so good, Steve. . .  Baby, you’re so good for me  . . .”
Steve’s hands closed around his wrists and pulled Tony’s hands down away from his belt. Steve shook his head, his expression serious.
Tony didn’t look up from his schematics. “Are you making
Thank you all very much for the positive response to chapter 5! It was very encouraging, so here's another chapter.  :-)
“Less than an hour. It is now seven o’clock.”
Steve chuckled around his dick and Tony realized he’d said that part out loud.
“And Tony?” Colbert prompts after a moment, leaning into his sight line.
Or maybe the whole team would be watching another picture, one of those loud, crazy things Clint and Stark liked, the ones that always moved too fast and cut too often. And they'd be debating what kind of food to order--Thai? Chinese? Mexican?--and maybe Stark'd say "Steve--" (No. Not Steve, not yet.) Stark’d say, "Cap likes pizza." And he'd smile at Steve, amused and kinda smirking, but not mocking--because he remembers and he's actually being kind in his odd way and Steve would say, "Yeah, I do like pizza." And this time, when they all went to watch the film, Stark'd come and sit on the couch instead of hovering at the kitchen counter with a tablet and all those glowing screens, insisting he can see the movie fine from there and has too much work and has seen it too many times to give it more than 15% of his attention. He'd sit on the couch this time. (Next to--? No.) With the team. On the couch.
, though at least that one could be a typo. Still. Proofread, people!” Tony shook his head again. “Gosh, no wonder you’re having a fit, Cap. Writing instruction really has gone downhill! I mean, we used to have quality tolls on the internet. Grammar and everything!”
“Thank you,” Rogers said softly, with a sad little smile. “I--” He swallowed, blinked, “I’m so sorry.”  Rogers gave Tony one last miserable glance, then left, head hanging, with a final muttered “sorry.”
“We’d be honored,” Steve said, reaching out to squeeze her hand.
(“You’re so nice and tight, baby.  Yeah, fuck back on my cock.  Are you getting this, Henry?  Yeah, do a close up. Christ he’s gorgeous taking two dicks.”)
Pep rolled her eyes and pointed up the stairs to the main house.
Very carefully, Hulk reached out his hand, holding it up to Tony’s.
“I was in the lounge and I heard a noise,” Steve said. “I thought you were . . . in distress.”
I’ll talk to the team before changing a training or a battle plan.”
“Mr. Stark,” Leila said, approaching with a quirked eyebrow and a sideways smile.
“So,” Tony said, as the Lotus purred down the street, “We’ve been doing quite the tour of international cuisine together, take-out-wise. Let’s see, we’ve hit Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Korean, Moroccan, and Mexican, right?”
“Steve?” he said, voice pained. “I really am sorry.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony almost felt for the guy. Almost.
“The pale grey suit with a white shirt, two buttons popped open, onyx cufflinks, black Prada belt and dress shoes.”
“Yes, sir,” JARVIS answered. “He has begun cooking breakfast.”
Dinner was actually lovely.  Not the romantic tete-a-tete Tony might have chosen for his first V-day with Steve, but still really nice.  He’d assembled the table carefully: he and Steve were sitting with Pepper, the Macmillians, and Sam Deetz and Rebecca Martinez.
“God, Tony,” Steve choked out, pressing his face to Tony’s neck. “You’re perfect . . . so perfect like this, bound and gasping, I want to—“
“Oh, don’t give me that!  You know why you’re grounded.”  Tony shook his head at the bot and grabbed another screwdriver.  “Thanks, Steve.  Now hold this one
“Why are you here?” Tony asked. His eyes were very bloodshot.
“Forgive the interruption, sirs,” JARVIS said, “but there is a call for Dr. Banner at the main Stark Industries switchboard asking to be put through.”
“I know you’re there,” Tony called without turning around.  “Even if you and JARVIS have some sort of creepy deal that he not announce you, which is obviously cheating by the way.”  (Damn super spies.)  He thought he could
"I'd like that, I think," he murmured. Steve didn't really want to make a big deal of it but he could understand why Tony wanted to do something. And Steve figured it might be nice...but he was kind of sick of fixating on the past. He wanted to celebrate the future for a change. "What were you thinking of doing there?  Do you think...maybe it wouldn't be weird if Clint and Nat tagged along?" he asked hopefully.
"That guy drives me crazy. I swear, someday--" snarled Tony, his hands balling into fists.  He stopped suddenly, his eyes lighting up.  "...
Tony bent back over the guitar, feeling out "Suicide is Painless."
"We can be a little late. It's fine," Steve assured him softly and then pulled out from the doorway. "I'll just go get dressed," he said and moved into his bedroom, although it smelled just as much of Tony as it did him now, and pulled off the shirt he'd been wearing.
"Happy," Pepper glanced over to see the bagel was almost devoured. "Please
"It's not like the sixties," added Happy helpfully.  He was trying (and failing abysmally) to look like he wasn't eavesdropping.
Donner gave him a tired smile, looking up from Granite since she'd been placed in his arms.
"You spotted Sitwell when no one else did though. Good spy work," Sam said, trying to lighten the mood. "I know Nat was impressed secretly."
Steve stared straight ahead at the wall in front of him. And then he said, abruptly: "I'm getting sterilized."
He examined his face in the mirror.  His hair had gotten long but no one had offered to cut it for him.  They'd shaved him, recently, but some stubble was starting to show.  He ran his right hand over his chin and jaw thoughtfully.  He couldn't sleep.  No one had instructed him to do anything in particular.  While he was often restless, he was usually capable of just sitting and waiting.  But the headache he was nursing had made it impossible, and he felt a terrible sense of foreboding, too, almost panic, that wouldn't let him hold still.
Tony's heart jumped into his throat and he hurried into the main cabin.  Steve was sitting there, looking perfectly fine, but Tony couldn't shake the sense of unease.  "Steve!" he croaked, practically flinging himself at the omega.  "Are you okay?  I felt-- I felt--"
The hair on the back of his neck wasn't going down all the way.
Steve rolled his eyes. "He doesn't even know who I am Nat. I'm not playing with him like that. You know he doesn't even think I exist, right? Thinks Cap was engineered by a load of guys running around in the same suit and shield."
"...you tried to call him?"
Tony had some firsthand experience with the sensation of being trapped.  In Afghanistan, for a little over a week, he had been hooked up to a car battery.  The thing had weighed probably thirty-five or forty pounds and the wires trailing from his chest had been a literal life-line.  He had carried that fucking battery around like some sort of grotesque lunch pail. When he was being dragged around by his captors, he'd clung it tightly to his chest, terrified it might be yanked away and that he would die an agonizing death.  Anytime the wires got accidentally snagged on anything and tugged, aside from the sharp physical pain to his ruined chest, he'd suffered a mild anxiety attack, convinced he was imminently about to die.
(No it isn’t.  You know perfectly well why.)  He’d overreacted.  (Not really.)  His stomach twisted and he felt bile in his throat.  (Oh, shit.
“Guess it worked a little better than he’d meant it to,” Steve added with a rueful chuckle. “Once we got older, he was always giving me guff for getting into fights and having the shit kicked out of me.” Steve actually looked nostalgic for getting beat up, which was weird, but Tony kinda got it.
Tony led Steve to the back door of Café Leila and knocked.
Clint continued: “And you! You’re so assertive and independent! I just thought Cap’d want some sweet, soft-spoken, doting little woman who’d—“
“Tony, look!” Bruce cried. Tony looked at the readouts. All the energy levels were dropping. The portal started flickering.
"Not really," Steve said. "But I'm trying to--I'm trying."
“You are most welcome, Prince Anthony,” the king repeated, then added, “I mean no offense . . . but aren’t you cold, atired thus?”
“Please say you were cool about it,” Tony said. “It’s good she takes care of her friends! That’s a good thing.”
Tony reached up and unfastened the top button of his shirt.  He took a step to the left, unbuttoning the next button.  Little by little, Tony undid his shirt, pacing in a circle around Steve.  Then he slid the shirt off and tossed it aside.  He pulled off his tank top next, exposing the arc reactor and his beautiful chest and stomach.
TBC . . .
There was a lot on the spreadsheet he’d have to look up.  (What was a CBT?  Enema?  Fisting?  Sounded more like boxing.)  Steve skipped ahead to a few of the things he wanted to write notes on.
“Good,” Rhodes answered, a hard edge in his voice. “I think I’m done here.”
“Sir? Lieutenant-Colonel Rhodes and Mrs. Rhodes have arrived.”
As Tony finished his first cup of coffee and Steve hastened to pour him another, that adoring stare was starting to get almost . . . uncomfortable. And it had an odd undercurrent that Tony couldn’t describe, but felt a bit . . . off.
“As you wish!”
Steve nodded and squirmed closer in Tony’s arms, his breathing going heavy once more.  He pressed closer to rub his body against Tony’s.  (So greedy, so eager. Please, I--)
The next chapter has been proving particularly hard to write, but hopefully I won't be stuck for too long.  Musings, curiosity, and cheer-leading welcome at my tumblr: ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com
“Pfft,” Tony said. “I hit that bench all the time. Didn’t scare me.”
“Please tell me you dealt with those idiots.”  Tony rolled his eyes.  “Turning things off then back on again three times can’t fix a design flaw.  And anyone who works in R&D and thinks it can needs to be fired.”
“Good morning, Tony.” Steve said the words, soft and intent, like they were code for something more profound and he just keep
It was a raw, choked out noise, as he crashed into Steve, desperate to be kissed and taken and
“Follow me!”
Tony measured out six scoops of coffee and hit the button a little harder than necessary.
Tony glanced at his watch, grateful that the mingling cocktail hour was almost over.  Soon they’d all take their places for dinner--he’d chosen his table with care--and then there would be dancing (and more mingling) and then at last they could go home.  He’d underestimated how much he’d hate making small talk with strangers and acquaintances on his first Valentine’s day with Steve.
“Wow,” Tony said.  “Congratulations! Welcome to the club.”
“You do,” Tony whispered, hot and heavy in Steve’s ear.  “You will.”
Steve’s cock grew thick and heavy between his legs. Steve kept his head bowed and knew he was blushing.  (Oh, for crying out loud! Am I ever gonna stop blushing?)  Steve spread his legs a little wider.  He was tempted to put his hands behind his back, but Tony hadn’t said anything about that, so he left them resting lightly on his knees.
“As for not wanting to let someone else dictate how we practice BDSM—” Tony shrugged, “--I don’t think you need to worry about that.  Things you could read, they’re more like general guidelines and possibilities, or maybe a philosophy rather than imperatives.”  Tony paused for a moment, then continued, “I mean, you can read about battle strategies and tactics in the abstract, but still make them your own in a given situation.  In fact, you have to do that, since no book is going to predict and work for every nuance in a battle.  Same thing here.  Now that I think about it, though, I’m not happy with the analogy I chose, but, hey—you like poetry!  There are probably, like, a million poems depicting love as war or something like that.”  Steve looked amused and Tony shook his head, dismissing the tangent.
They didn’t have to be friends.  He didn’t have to like Rogers.  They just had to work together, and Tony had managed to do business with some of the most disgusting orientationist jerkbags Wall Street had to offer.  Rogers was a kitten compared to Jordan Belford.  They could work together.
Suddenly, all Tony could think of was how easily Steve could throw him around, wrestle him down, pin him to a wall, to the mat. Heat pooled in his stomach.
(Exhausted.)
.” The tips of Steve’s ears were pink. “Makes me feel kind of . . . exposed.”
Tony sighed and put the soldering iron back down, then ran his dirty fingers through his dirty hair.
“Ok, Birdbrain, if you’re implying
Rhodey’s face flickered up on screen. He looked fine. (Thank God.)
“All right,” Bruce said and turned to follow Fury.  Tony threw his hands up and growled.  Rogers was still in his way.
“There’s
It bothered Tony that Rhodey fretted about him like that, that Rhodey worried about some big Dom “trying to pull something” with him; but at the same time Tony was grateful and unexpectedly
“I just . . . after, uh, you restrained me . . . it felt more and more like floating or maybe being under water, but in a good way like
Clint got out first, flashing a peace sign and joking around.  Bruce next. Then Natasha. Tony could hear the reporters calling their names, the clicking and lighting of cameras exploding.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
p.s.  I had the idea for POC Angie while watching Season 1 of Agent Carter--it would have been such an elegant (and easy) way to introduce an intersectional element to the show's feminism.  So, that's my head canon.  I've been sitting on it for YEARS. :)
invited him to come see the turkey.)
“Yeah, no. You’re right,” Rhodey said a little sullenly.
Steve nodded.
play by Marquise of Queensbury rules. They’re really known for sportsmanship.”  Tony rolled his eyes.  “Riiiight.”
“You yelled, Nick?” Tony gave an angelic smile.
“Did you already arrange another meeting?”
For a few moments, Steve seemed torn; then he ordered in a firm voice: “Don’t move.”
“Four times in a row.  Doesn’t that seem odd to you?”
Tony hesitated.  It
“Okay, now everybody. Huddle in. No, leave a spot for me there. I’ll set the timer.”
“Tony, darling,” Veronica said, taking his hand and leaning down to kiss him softly on each cheek. “I was hoping to see you here. We hardly got to say hello-goodbye at the last one.”
Tony shook himself a little.
Pepper shrugged and shook her head.  “Problems in R&D.  It’s a disaster.”  She pressed her palm to her temple and continued, “Basically, we were already behind schedule to release the next generation Stark Phones—as in, late enough to warrant a skit on SNL and to make Leno’s list—and now there’s a design flaw that’s gone into production and the functions we’re
“What did you say you wanted earlier?” Steve asked in a low voice.
“I note you’re not actually answering the question.”
“Yeah,” Steve said with a shy smile. “It did sound pretty big.”
and the man he loved: the arc reactor, the strange goatee, the intelligence in his eyes, the scars from battles and the burn marks from his workshop and the look on his face, not smiling right now, no-- too intense, too focused for that, but full of awe and affection and concentration and . . .
“You’re perfect,” he whispered and stroked Tony’s flushed cheek.
Tony nodded and got Clint into position. Below he could see Cap take out another spider then collapse to his knees, chest heaving. Tony nearly rerouted to grab him, but Rogers was already struggling to his feet. It looked like he might be limping.
Clint laughed. “Oh, I can take him! You’ve never seen
Rogers jolted at the vulgarity, erasing his previous scowl of concentration-- his eyes went wide and his mouth dropped open.
“No!”  Tony shook his head.  “No.  It’s good.  I’ll be ready.  Uh, what time?”
“Here you are, gentlemen,” the hostess said, “I’ll give you few minutes with the menus and then Maria will be over to take your order.”
“Then where my hand is set,” he said, then leaned down to kiss and nip at his mark, “my seal shall be.”
“All right then,”  Tony said with another shrug.  “ ‘cause I was thinking, you missed an awfully lot of classic movies and somebody really should start catching you up on that stuff.  We could have a marathon.  Do
You don't get to judge.) “He's having a hard time since Rhodey got hurt so bad.”
Clint rushed him.
Bruce shrugged. “I asked if he’d like to join us, but he said he had too much work to do.”
Pepper scowled. “That’s disgusting.”
Tony hesitated. “Nah, I’ll skip the spoilers. I’ll see it when it’s done.”
“I, uh,”  The king’s eyes roamed him, up and down, then he blushed brighter.  “Let us go sit by the fire where you’ll be warm.”
Tony watched as Steve shook his head, nodded curtly, and strode across the garage.
“Wait, Steve.  Honey, hang on.”  (Shit, shit, shit.  Way to sound like a crazy date rapist who doesn’t understand consent, Tony.)  “Yeah, no and stop should always be respected.  For sure.  With you a hundred perfect.  None of that ‘no means yes’ bullshit.  Unless you’ve set it up beforehand for role play or something.  Or you want to push your limits or—oh, I don’t know.  We may never do any of that and if we do we’ll be talking about it a lot first, but I—“
(See the end of the chapter for
“It appears he is attempting to sleep.”
“Really?” Steve asked, something wide-eyed and hopeful coming into his expression.
Steve sighed and smiled a sad little smile.
Five more creatures leapt through the portal.
“Then I’ll bet you haven’t had dinner,” Steve said.
“Well, if we’re in agreement,” Steve said, eyes flicking over to Bruce as he left a lingering pause. (Damn it, Steve! If you keep offering Bruce opportunities to back out, soon he’ll think you
“Yep.”
Tony poked him in the ribs, making him jump. Tony grinned. “Don’t be like that, buttercup! I’m looking forward to Big Green!”
? Just look at her!” Tony said, waving his hands dramatically. “She’ll purr at 155 on an open road. I was gonna give her 300 horsepower, but then technically she’d be illegal on public roads and I figured you’d frown on that; so she’s only got 250.” Steve whistled, low and impressed. Tony pointed to the engine and launched into an excited (if nervous) babble about shock absorption, LHT breaking technology, her turning radius and maneuverability.
(You will NOT molest your Dominant in his sleep.)
Sitting on his neatly-made bed was a plain paper bag and an index card which said “a little more, as promised. . .” in Tony’s messy hand. Steve held his breath, heart speeding—he had a pretty good idea what it might be.
“Yeah, fine,” Tony said with a rush of guilt.  “All right.”
Rogers took a sharp little breath and the expression of his face was . . . strange. (Huh? Weird.) The Captain cleared his throat before answering in an odd tone, “You may be right at that, Mr. Stark.”
The tips of Steve’s ears went pink and his eyebrows shot up, surprised but . . . pleased?
Tony watched Steve run a hand up and down his cock and felt a sharp jolt of wanting. His mouth fell open without thinking; he hoped Steve would let him suck it.
“You coming too?” Steve asked, swinging a leg over the bike and testing the weight.
Steve’s hips rolled against his, not enough to satisfy, only pushing Tony’s desire higher and higher. He kissed Steve urgently and time slid by.
“Nah, they fear your wrath.  They said they’d deliver it here tonight.”
Tony sighed inwardly.  Yeah, maybe he didn’t need two floors all to himself. And he
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve let out a little laugh. “Somehow I’m not surprised,” he said with a wry smile.
Tony could hear laughter inside, even through the thick glass.
Tony glanced over, looking up from the corner of his eye, and found Steve smiling down at him, eyes bright and shining. It looked like hope. An answering smile—gentle, almost shy—spread across Tony’s face. They stood, the moments sliding by, just smiling at each other in silence.
“Yeah, yeah. Got it.” Tony took another sip of coffee. “So, wanna hear about Stark Industries’ next must-have product?”
“Hey, JARVIS?  Put on the Cap Jazz Mix, would ya?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you so much for your patience!  I hoped to finish the entire Thanksgiving section for today, but couldn't quite make it.  So there will be a second chapter dedicated to Thanksgiving.  Not sure this came together as I'd been hoping, but really want to post today.
“Mmmm,” he muttered, beginning to drift off again.
Katie blushed even more; Tony Y. threw his shoulders back a little and announced, putting his arm around her, “I’m having Christmas dinner with the O’Conner’s. Just wanted to make this del—er, one last delivery. Now we’re off for the night.”
Part of Tony wanted urgently to shake him awake, demand that they fix this immediately, but another part of him was desperately grateful for the reprieve, for time to think.  He clutched Steve to his chest a little tighter.
“I—I—“ And, yeah, okay it was kinda funny the way that Steve was gaping at him, but Tony was almost afraid he’d offended the man’s sensibilities. (Should I apologize? I--)
“Only because you know it’s true.”
Tony snorted.
“Those pancakes look wonderful, Steve,” Bruce said warmly. “Did you put blueberries in them?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I’m fine, Tony.  Really—“
Tony rolled his eyes as JARVIS started ‘All the Single Ladies.’
Thank you so much for reading this story! (hugs)
Tony scrolled down to “R.”
On December 19
“You’d know, bird brain.”
“Glad you got it all sorted out,” Bruce said, shuffling in that awkward way of his.
Tony shrugged. “My presentation cake was some huge seven layer monstrosity: lacy vanilla icing and a bazillion white candles. And Mom wanted to do some sort of chic soirée with a ton of society guests, but Howard put his foot down. Said presenting was just biology; it wasn’t an accomplishment to be proud of.”
Tony leaned forward to press a kiss to Steve’s lips. It was soft. Gentle. Inquisitive.
.) His eyes flicked down to the arc reactor, then back up to Tony’s face with a hint of a smile.  (And, huh, that’s kind of nice actually.)  So, Captain America was more interested in Iron Man than--
(I want to flog you until your skin turns red and you’re twitching and whimpering . . .  I want to spank you across my lap until you’re crying and begging, for mercy or for more, you don’t even know which and—)
He took a long deep breath and let it out very slowly.
Bruce looked at Steve apologetically.   “Ah.  Timer.  Best get back to the lab.”  He picked up his bowl.  “I’ll finish this in there.”  He glanced around as if just noticing something.  “Tony skipping lunch again?”
“Tony,” Steve said, affectionate and chiding, “you barely wear your boots in the workshop. Not half as often as you should.”
Besides—it was time for their second date.
Tony’s breath caught slightly. He just nodded.
“Why not?” Tony stalked closer with a predatory smile. “I like the way we fight.”
“Clint,” Bruce chastised mildly, as Steve went on to say:
Tony waited for Rogers to speak, but it was starting to look like he’d be in for a long wait.
She took his bleeding hands in hers.
“Really?” Tony asked. This was quite unexpected. Not that he hadn’t been forced to memorize and declaim classic poetry of the Western Canon at prep school, but the idea that someone would do it for sheer pleasure was . . . New.
“Huh?” Bruce looked back up from his schematic. He pushed his glasses into place. “Yeah. Sure. And Tony? Thanks. Thanks for working on this.”
Steve’s expression went from hopeful to worried in a heartbeat. He immediately backpedalled. “Sorry, sorry. Do you not like--?”
hate you, Legolas.”
The situation in Central Park was less than ideal. The portal was floating some eighty feet in the air—high enough that it was in plain sight for myriad rubbernecking tourists even SHIELD was having trouble keeping away. As far as Tony could tell, they were trying to tread a fine line between “cause mass hysteria” and “no, seriously, you need to get out of here.” You’d think the sight of seventy-five heavily armed people in Kevlar would do it, but apparently nope. And, oh, goody. News crews. (Shit. Better give Katie and Michael a heads up . . .)
“I’m so sorry,” Tony cut in urgently.  He grabbed Steve’s hand and started to kneel again.
“What about this one?” Bruce asked, sending a blue schematic floating across the workshop.
“Not this Sunday apparently.” Clint shrugged. “I think he deserves to sleep in for once. He shouldn’t have to cook for us losers all the time.”
(Huh.)
“Yes.”  It came out a rough whisper.  Tony caressed him
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Steve loved
Veronica ran her thumb lightly across Tony’s wrist. The gesture went straight to his cock with a rush of happy memories. She leaned a little closer.
By lunchtime, Tony had managed to
Tony’s heart skipped a beat.
Tony closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  Then another.
“You’re my
“Really?” Tony perked up. He leaned over to grab his beer and looked at Steve expectantly.
Rogers was sitting at the kitchen table alone when Tony entered.  The Captain started to get up, then slammed his ass back down onto the seat; he dropped his eyes to the book open on the table.
“Yes, sir,” Steve said on the other side of the room and put his phone away. As he approached, their amiable chatter faded at the sight of his expression, tight and drawn.
“Dr. Banner asks that I remind you of your need for sustenance, sir.  He says dinner will be ready shortly.”
Tony suppressed a smile.
Tony didn’t make him wait any longer.  Steve’s body yielded readily for Tony’s slim finger and, unthinking, Steve bucked up into it, wanting more, harder, faster.  Steve licked his lips.
Tony shoved the contract in a drawer.  He’d sign it with Bruce as witness tomorrow.
“Yeah. But, hey, when you decide what we’re gonna eat with
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve panted and pressed back urgently against Tony’s fingers.  It was
“No, it’s not--” Tony frowned.  “I’m not kneeling
“Also, before I forget.  You’re going to have to call McNeil yourself.”
Tony rubbed the back of his neck and resisted the temptation to fidget.  Steve just sat there, looking up at him expectantly, curiously.
“So it’s true,” Captain Rogers pressed.
“—just wouldn’t want him to feel alone, you know? And mom’s always happy to have one more—or five, or six—and she likes Steve.”
SR: You don’t have to buy me anything, Tony, I’ve already got a suit
He was in a meeting with Fury, talking about strike patterns of a new terrorist group that had popped up on SHIELDs radar. They’d been talking for hours, planning different routes and plotting escapes. They were getting nowhere really. Steve said one way and Fury said the complete opposite.
Steve raised an eyebrow, looking down at Tony, “seems like you’ve already decided for me, I’ll get those then,” he directed the second part to Peter.
Steve watched Tony dodge a mother with her children, easily slipping past and heading over to him, a grin on his face.
SR: I’m okay now though, my friend came round before and he said I’m okay, it wasn’t that bad.
“Oh! And shoes, you need shoes too, what size are you?”
He got up slowly, collecting his gear from where he dropped it when he came in, throwing some of his stuff in the laundry basket before taking his shield into his bedroom and placing it at the back of his wardrobe.
Sam was wearing the gay flag in the same fashion as Steve, Riley opting for it on his cheeks instead, but wearing rainbow coloured sunglasses. They opted out of the gagworthy t-shirts.
Steve nodded, finalising the changes on his account and showing Tony, who laughed.
Tony stayed where he was, watching Steve sit down.
“If you’ll allow me, sir. Mr. Stark is particular with his morning brew,” Came the disembodied voice from the ceiling. Steve was familiar with JARVIS, Tony spoke to him near constantly over their comms during missions.
SR: Mystery lover? Wow, apparently we moved so fast I missed the part where we started dating.
“Everyone’s gonna have a field day when they find out Captain America is bisexual and trans,” Steve replied, pressing a kiss against Tony’s head.
“Yeah, I like it, although I’m not sure red is my colour,” Steve told Gabriel, looking at the mirror again.
He slammed the last bullet point in place, sending the message and locking his phone, slamming it down on his bedside table. He was trying to defend him! And he goes and is an asshole about it! Steve scoffed, laying back in bed and turning the main light off. That was the last time he helped Tony Stark out on the internet.
“Someone who might not be able to figure it out. Clint, Natasha, keep a perimeter up, don’t let anything go further than the jet, I’ll go find the action, send Thor my way when he arrives.”
“What? No, Tony! I wanted to tell you but I just--”
“That’s disappointing.”
“I want to, let me indulge you,” he replied easily, smiling over at Steve before getting out of the car. Steve quickly joined him, slipping his hands into Tony’s and letting himself be lead inside.
He couldn’t keep Tony in the dark forever, he would tell him at some point. That moment was just unknown to Steve, and to Captain America.
“Nope, you can just come along, me and Riley can meet you and you can come with us if you want to, you can buy a flag and stuff there if you wanna wear one.”
“Can you just accept that we’re coming? And like not argue for like once, dude?” Clint asked, making a face at him.
Steve took his hand, squeezing it gently and blinking when Tony slipped a bracelet over his wrist. It was a leather band, simple but attractive against his skin.
“You asked for a hint, that’s a hint!” He laughed, pushing his phone back into his pocket and standing up.
TS: I’m sorry, honey! I didn’t mean to upset you, it was just a little joke, but not a very funny one otherwise you would have laughed. I’m only teasing, I promise. I love it when people defend my honour.
He wasn’t abusive, they were criticizing the Avengers work, without them it the city would have been completely destroyed and the bugs would have been allowed to spread to more and more places. They stopped the infestation.
Oh, how Steve was laughing and crying at the same time inside.
He was just finishing up an argument he was having about immigration when Tony had suggested it.
“Can I take a picture?” Tony asked, standing up and holding the phone up, angling it slightly.
It took Steve a few hours before replying to Tony, trying to keep his hands steady before typing the message out.
Steve hadn’t thought about it. He still used Twitter, retweeting all sorts of articles and calls for donations and help. Sometimes with comments and sometimes without. He argued over Twitter a lot. People who still called Tony a warmonger despite stopping the production of weapons. People who called the Avengers unnecessary, people who tweeted racist things, people who tweeted homophobic things, people who tweeted transphobic things. The list was really endless.
“You’re not Captain America.”
Captain America here coming to you live from Stark Tower with my boyfriend! Hope you guys are having a great day!
Steve heard a scoff in his ear, “might be able to figure it out, who do you take me for, Cap?”
Tony stayed quiet, keeping his gaze fixed on the windows. He sighed, letting his shoulders sag before turning to look at Steve.
He frowned as he read the article, rolling his eyes at phrases like ‘secret relationship’ and ‘questionable sexuality’. Steve knew he couldn’t take articles like that seriously, Tony would probably find it funny if anything. So he sent it to him.
“Hi, honey! Hope I didn’t keep you waiting!” He smiled, stopping in front of Steve, his hands in his suit pants pockets.
TS: Silly me, looks like they’ve made us a couple before we even had a chance!
He’d have to give a reason that Captain America couldn’t show up, maybe a mission, or even just SHIELD work. No one would question him, maybe Natasha but Steve had a horrible feeling she knew who he was. Only time would tell.
Peter was quickly called back to work, leaving Steve in the quiet again. He looked down at his sketchpad, seeing Tony’s form come to life on the page. He took a drink of his coffee before pulling out his phone and dialling Natasha’s number.
“As long he’s there, that’s all that matters,” Steve replied, keeping his eyes closed, breathing through the rumbling of the jet. Planes still had him on edge, they weren’t a pleasant memory putting it lightly. He’d spoken to a few of the SHIELD issued therapists about his situation but he didn’t really feel like he was getting anywhere with talking. It wasn’t something he liked telling people. Cold water had been an issue too, he hadn’t admitted to anyone but the idea of cold water made his heart clench in his chest, made his blood freeze.
SR: I’m sorry, but I personally believe the Avengers were doing good work, sue me if I’m wrong, I’m sure you’ve got the money to do so.
SR: Tony, oh my god I’m so sorry, I’ve been in the hospital the past few days and my phone’s been at home, I really didn’t mean to miss it.
TS: It’s in two weeks and please let me take you shopping! We can go on the weekend if you want? Let me get you something to wear
Steve played dumb when his phone buzzed, loud in the quiet room. He ignored the way Natasha looked at him, the smirk growing on her lips.
They left the museum around 3pm, Steve was a little astonished they had been in there for so long. Steve had heard Tony’s stomach rumble and Steve quickly finished up the area he was looking at, leading him out on to the street outside.
The Captain took a few deep, steadying breaths before tugging his red leather gloves off, folding them over his knee. He knew Stark was stubborn, he’d always been like that, but he usually did the right thing in the end and actually listened to Steve, listened to the plan as a whole. When Tony Stark got something into his head, it was hard for anyone to shift that idea from him.
It was Sam that had told him about the pride parade that happened every year in New York. They’d just finished a run, sitting down in Central Park to rest when he brought it up.
“Are you really amazed? You are talking to me, honey,” Tony laughed, squeezing Steve’s knee gently before moving his hand back on to the gear stick.
“That’s what makes it even more special,” Steve answered, his voice open and honest. Full of care and admiration and something even bigger than Steve could put into words.
He made a quick dinner of spaghetti and meatballs, sitting down at the table with his phone and a glass of water, opening the app and frowning slightly. Make an account? Steve sighed softly before typing out his full name. He paused at his date of birth, still putting in July 4th, but changing the year of birth, maybe 1990 would be appropriate for this account.
“I wanted to surprise you with breakfast in bed, but apparently you like spoiling surprises.”
“I know, imagine people wanting to blend in. Although, the suit isn’t for me today,” he squeezed Steve’s hand, “it’s for Steve. He doesn’t have anything to wear.”
“Oh sure, and me and Sam are just friendly, Steve,” Riley added, bumping their shoulders together.
“Maybe when you don’t have secret meetings scheduled,” Steve teased, smiling down at him.
keyboard warrior
“She wasn’t that bad, the papers make her out to be a blank person,” Steve told him, patting the top of Tony’s hand softly.
TS: let me know soon as you can, I’m thinking someone downtown for it?
The fight lasted longer than Steve thought, more and more portals opening when the others closed. The flood of Chitauri just kept coming, their cries ripping through the air as Steve fought, shield staining black with blood and grime.
“Thanks, Pete, good luck on your physics test, e-mail me anything you don’t get,” he called over his shoulder, taking the tray of coffee and heading to the table next to the window, letting Steve trail after him, taking the seat opposite Tony.
He didn’t like the lie, the charade he was playing with Tony. He deserved to know but Steve genuinely didn’t know how to break it to him, how did you have a conversation with someone you really liked about your secret identity whom the person you like doesn’t actually like the person you are when you are the secret identity? How was that a conversation anyone would have? How did you even fully put it into words? Steve had debated writing to one of those agony aunts he saw in various magazines but thought it was a little too much for one person to deal with.
Tony looked over at Steve, eyebrows raised, “you know Peter?”
Steve had practically moved into Stark Tower within the first two months of them being back together. It made sense for the Captain to be there, it cut travel time down, it allowed him to have more time with Tony. It just worked well. They got their routine back.
It was late afternoon when Tony finally responded.
The repeated use of ‘honey’ sat with him. Tony didn’t know him, was Tony always this sweet with people? Maybe not sweet but.. different. Steve had only ever seen the Tony Stark that was encased in Iron Man. He had never seen the inner works of Tony Stark, never the man out of the hard shell he flew around in. Steve had never really met just Tony, not Tony Stark, just normal Tony. Maybe this was him?
However, hot water can’t fix all problems, Steve sighed as he made his way back into the bedroom, pulling on a clean pair of boxers and a white t-shirt, rubbing the towel through his hair to dry it. He closed his curtains, switched his lamp on and his main light off before settling in bed, picking up his phone and staring at the new notification on the screen. Another Twitter message.
He wore those black jeans Sam picked, a white t-shirt and his blue bomber jacket, a pair of brown boots on his feet. The clammy feeling in his palms and the butterflies in his stomach had been there for the past week. At this point, he didn’t try to deny his nervousness, he’d texted Sam telling him he was getting coffee, smirking at his phone when Sam wished him luck, told him to keep it PG.
Steve frowned at his phone. He knew the gala Tony was talking about, it was one of the charities Tony donates money to each month. They throw galas as thanks. Steve never enjoyed them much.
“Tony. Thank you, but I’ll be just fine. I’m a grown man, I can handle this.”
Steve slowly sat up, stretching his arms over his head and groaning softly. He glanced down at Tony, smiling at the sight of the drooling man. He pressed a quick kiss against his temple before slowly getting out of bed, pulling his boxers. He looked at his clothes from last night and decided to leave them. He found a dark silk robe in the bathroom, slipping it on and heading out of the bathroom, taking another look at Tony before leaving the bedroom and heading to the kitchen.
Steve stood their quietly for a few moments before smiling to himself, shoving his hands into his pockets and heading home.
Tony paid for their tickets, pressing his card against the card machine even before Steve had a chance to take his wallet out his back pocket, grinning as Steve frowned, thanking the lady at the counter as she handed over their guide.
The cafe Tony had taken him to had become a sort of safe haven for him since their argument.
“Because you knew I’d react like this. Well.. you got exactly what you thought,” He ripped his hand out of Steve’s grasp. “Just leave me alone, we’re done.”
“It’s not your business, Widow. I’ll tell him, I just.. I don’t know when I can. I don’t know how I can. He hates me.”
It hurt to see him, it made Steve want to curl up and cry. He nearly called out to him, but that wasn’t fair. What if Tony had moved on? What if he was doing alright? But Steve couldn’t seem to bring himself to answer those questions. He couldn’t bear the thought of Tony being with anyone else. He had caused this, he’d been the one to hurt Tony, it wasn’t fair.
Tony looked over at him, the sun shining on his handsome features, his mouth slightly open to respond before the waitress came over and asked for their orders.
Tony looked up from his phone, it falling into his lap when his hands went slack, his mouth starting to form a sentence before trailing off.
“Hi, Steve! It’s so cold today, I slipped on this ice patch outside the shop and I nearly dropped my bag and oh my god I saw a dog with a little jacket on the subway! He was so cute, he was called Harry, I know someone called Harry too, isn’t that weird?”
Steve laughed quietly, looking back down at Tony, “oh absolutely. As long as we can dance.”
There was silence on the line for a few moments, “I’m sorry, I think I misheard you, you said Tony Stark wants to buy you a coffee.”
“America only needs cleansing from assholes like you! Take your ‘values’ and fuck off back to 1942!”
“Like it? Steve, I love it, you look incredible.”
He finally left the hospital on a Sunday night, limping up to his apartment, thanking the SHIELD agent who drove him home. He set his shield and bag down next to the door, going to the sofa and collapsing down on to it, closing his eyes and immediately falling asleep.
Next up, Tony & Pepper's luncheon...
Steve closed his eyes and tipped his head back against the bed, mirroring Tony’s pose.
Steve faltered.  “Uh, yeah?”
“No,” Tony shook his head. It hurt. “It's not. I--” he swallowed. “I'm sorry.”
(Oh.) Tony blinked. (Well, that was good too.)
“HMMM.”
“It’s late. I should go. Let you get some rest.” Steve squeezed Tony’s hands, then said, “Good night, Tony. Sleep well. I’ll see you in the morning.”
With a teasing leer in his voice, Tony said, “They’re not the only ones,” then cringed.
Rogers just looked so surprised! He took a deep breath and began, “Mr. Stark, I meant no disrespect.”
With a lingering kiss, Steve took his leave. As soon as he was gone, Tony called out: “Ok, Jarvis! Let’s check a few more of the auctions on Sotheby’s.”
Tony let out a low whistle.  “Impressive.  I can alter the gym if you want though.  We could expand into the floor above it maybe.”
and ordered Chinese last night.”
“Stay put, man,” Rhodey said, his voice going a little raw for the first time. “No checking out early.”
Tony was out from under the adjustor in a flash.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Tony couldn’t hold back a laugh. “I bet it did!”
But it was cool. Nice really. Steve was just busy. Like Tony! They both had stuff to do.
“Uh-huh,” Cap muttered, spinning nervously at the center of the zombies.
(YES! Thank fucking God!)
pleased by the sight of Steve pressed submissively to his foot.  (Everything’s fine.)
Cap looked conflicted--(Well played there, Nat.)--but Clint was still furious.  He stood, awkward and fuming.
“Thanks, J,” Tony gritted out. “Little help!” he cried into the comm.
(Huh.) Tony blinked a few times and took a deep breath.
“It might be nice,” Steve admitted hesitantly. “If you’re sure you don’t mind . . .”
“It’s not very good,” Steve said. “Or done.”
“Oh!” Steve grinned at the ceiling, then turned his smile on Tony. (Beautiful.) He laughed.
“Yes, it’s something specific.”
“No.”
Tony laughed, head lolling back like he wasn’t strong enough to hold it up. “I break my promises,” he rasped.
(But when we first met, Steve had asked . . . He’d wanted to . . .)
Steve went quiet again.
“You are too.”
“Good,” Steve said nodding decisively. “If it’s random we’re less likely to encounter further hostilities, but let’s not make any assumptions. So, two objectives: first, prepare for additional attacks, repeated by arachnoids or perpetrated by as-yet-unknown forces; second, determine and address the root cause of these . . .
“So, are you squeezing me in?”
—while Tony glared at Clint.
Tony smiled, offering his hand. “Ms. Macmillan. A pleasure.”
Tony forced himself to stay still and let Pepper go back to stroking his hair, but it was hard.  Tony wanted to get up and go back to his workshop, but he hated to admit that Rogers had the power to ruin such a perfect moment.  Pepper-- wise, wonderful Pepper-- just stroked his hair and didn't say anything.
Steve was humming along softly to the music.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony released his hold on Steve, unsure if he’d want to be held or if he’d want Tony to let him go, but as soon as he started to move away, Steve pressed closer, reaching around to clutch at Tony so hard he’d probably leave a bruise.  Tony opened his mouth again to ask what was wrong, then bit his lip and held it in.  He wrapped his arms around Steve once more.
more than nervousness?
“It was about a radical display of trust,” Tony said.
“Yeah, fuck! Like that,” Steve answered, voice low and gravely. “You’re so good, Tony. So perfect.”
Steve blinked.  Tony unhooked Steve from the (hastily added…) d-rings then unclasped the restraints from around his wrists.  Tony ran his tongue across Steve’s skin, tracing the place the restraints had been, then rubbed gently at them.  (Everything looked fine.  The restraints were very well padded and soft.)  Steve twitched a little.  When Tony released his hands, Steve’s arms flopped down to the bed, limp.  Tony held back a chuckle—he felt rather boneless himself.
“-- so you see,” Tony concluded, “you'd better tell the tale of War Machine's latest daring-do if you want to compete for the crown of glory.”
“Pretty much,” Tony agreed.
Rhodey rolled his eyes.  “Tony, I’ve always talked about you with Pepper.  You know that.  It’s part of our sacred pact.”
“Uh, no worries.”
They were quiet a few moments. Tony cocked his head; Clint didn’t usually come down to the workshop.
Steve jumped back a step, looking guilty.
“Yes, sir,” JARVIS answered, volume dropping to sixty percent. “It’s currently on Level B-5, in Storage Crate 3, Box 7.”
“Any other suggestions?” Steve asked. Clint shook his head. Bruce shrugged. “Great! Then I guess we can call it a day.”
My love to phage for giving this an extra-beta read and laughing in all the right places.
“God, Tony,” he said harshly against Tony’s skin. “Sometimes I want you so badly—all of you, every way I can have you—it . . . it scares me.” Steve took a deep breath. “What if I lose control?”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, tilting his head for a kiss. Steve gave him a peck on the cheek and headed to the elevator with Clint.
.  Hell, she hadn’t necessarily been asking him on a date!  (Yeah, she had.)  Steve frowned.  (Okay, yeah, pretty sure she had.  But whatever.)
“Ok.  Well, when he wakes up, let me know,” Tony said, then amended it--not eager to talk to Bruce.  “Or, well, when he gets up.”
Tony was always telling him that Fury couldn’t actually
(Duh, nobody can keep up with us.  Nobody!  You’re so much better than I am. Never feel bad about yourself.  Oh fuck,
PR team was that they already knew how he liked things handled. Michael had shooed Tony off to the workshop shortly after their initial meeting; Tony had offered no resistance.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“No. I mean, yes--” Steve rambled on. “You can come. Just, Sam’s teaching me to-- basketball! But you could probably play with us?”
“Just making sure,” Steve said.
Steve frowned at Clint very slightly, then said to Tony with utmost sincerity.  “I just can’t believe how fast you whipped up the prototypes!”
“First round of tests, he said, ‘It’s obviously a mistake’ and patted me on the shoulder, but once they came back the same again and again—full sub—he wasn’t so confident. There was this new test—hypersensitive, just brought over from Geneva. His last hope.”
“Can I?” Steve asked him.  (Like Tony’d say no!)
“Sir is too kind,” JARVIS said in a wry voice.
Tony swallowed, his throat feeling tight and his eyes beginning a tell-tale prickle. He pulled himself up a bit to lean against the headboard of Steve’s bed.
So sorry for the long delay!  Steve was a struggle for me here and then I was struck down with the most miserable stomach bug...  If Tony gets hideously ill in a subsequent chapter, you'll know where my inspiration came from!
“Wait!”
“That’s good,” Steve said. He leaned down to kiss Tony on the forehead.
Tony swallowed thickly. “Talk to me, would you, J?”
“Thank God!”
Tony stared. (Really? That was it? Huh.)
Pepper scowled for a moment, then looked worried again. She asked softly, “Did you and Steve . . .”
Steve was different. He could be there, a steady, comfortable presence that didn’t demand anything, and yet wasn’t directly engaged in what Tony was doing like Bruce, but was just
“Uh, yes.”
“Not supposed to.”
“Yep, then double reinforced with a full seam though.”
“I see it!” Tony snapped. “Fuck!”
“Of course!”
Tony’s mouth went dry as Steve lifted his arms into the air above his head—not high enough to strain, but high enough to feel it.
“Well,” Tony said, recovering quickly, “if the spec-o isn’t here yet, there’s nothing for me and Bruce to do except help guard Bob.  So, phasers on stun everybody.”
Agent Already Forgot Her Name was still standing there in surprise as Tony slammed the door in her face.
The creature now looked remarkably like a five year old’s drawing of Captain America: colors in sort of the wrong places, one leg too thick, one arm too long, no nose, no mouth, eyes too big, but still recognizably
“Then what about that conversation made you think I needed you barging in and causing a scene?” Rogers was frowning, his stupid confused face, and something about it made Tony agonizingly frustrated.
“So hey,” Tony said with a grin. “Do you think we’re gonna be myths and legends of Eewoo culture?”
Up next: Steve reads SM101...  The chapter has been in the works for ages, so I hope you're looking forward to it as much as I am.   :-)
Steve took a sharp little breath, then said fervently, “Thank God you’re all right.
Everything he’d wanted to say, all the gestures he’d imagined making--gone in the face of Tony’s sharp gaze and scathing tone.  Steve swallowed thickly, his heart in his throat.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
The music stopped; everyone began clapping.
“Do you know who started it?” Clint demanded, not giving Cap time to answer before he started guessing. “Bush?  Johnson?  No, they’re too scared of Hill.  Dominick! It’s that macho asswipe, isn’t it?”
“I really appreciate it,” Steve added softly, then asked in a worried tone, “But did you get some rest too?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
And less and less with anyone else either.  It was getting harder and harder to walk away from a night of casual fun with a random Dom knowing that while he thought “NSA pleasure for two” the Dom was often thinking, “I sure gave that bitch whore a seeing to.”  He’d been militantly indifferent to what his hook-ups thought of him in the past, but it was getting harder to shrug off.  Harder to feel like they hadn’t
“See you soon, Cap,” Tony said and walked away with Bruce.
“Yeah,” Tony said heavily.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Shit!” Tony cried. “Am I late for our date? Did I miss it? I’m so sorry! I was in the zone with my project and must have lost track of time. Please don’t think I—“
treat you differently. Like a sub. Until you explained, anyway. You shouldn’t have to lie to protect my image.” Steve drew his shoulders back and added, “I can handle it.”
“Yeah?”
“Sam,” she said, a little breathlessly, “I had no idea you’d bring me a present home from the gala.” She turned to Tony playfully, “You are for me, aren’t you?”
“Not your fault.”
?  Well shit. Put a few things in perspective.
“Well, it’s done now!” Tony said a little peevishly, then regretted it. (
Steve was humming some church-y sounding music and piling pancakes on a platter. He turned to smile at Tony for a moment before looking back to the stove. (Wait. No, wait.)
“That gonna stop you?”
“Nope!” Tony cried.  “Not playing poker with a spy.”
The first five results were unanimous: “friendship.”
Rogers checked his watch.  “Well, it’s nearly my turn at Bob Watch, so I’d best go.”  He nodded to Bruce, bowed to Tony again, and departed.
“Absolutely not,” Steve said decisively. Tony frowned inside the armor. (Okay, like, he didn’t
. Almost changed—as if the Other Guy could have
“Huh?”  Rogers gave Tony his ‘baffled puppy’ look.
(Steve, I think we should talk about--)
“Again.”
thing her friend needs to see right now is a new couple in the honeymoon phase!” Pepper cut in.
“Do you need Iron Man?”
“Sure,” Tony shrugged.  “I mean, I’ve carried people before on rescues.”
out, as I understand it.”
It was Clint.
(Maybe . . . maybe . . . get, get him-- IT-- to hypersonic flow, then shield for the . . . the shock wave. And temperature spike. Shit. Wait. No.)
Silently, Ms. Potts motioned Steve to follow her down the hall. He held Tony close.
“Answer me,” Steve insisted in a soft voice, squeezing down on Tony’s wrists. Tony nodded emphatically.
Thank you so much for reading!
“Just really wish she were here, you know?” Rhodey said, gazing into his scotch. “You’d like her, Tones. She’s super fucking tough. You know, people think the Humanities are all sub-friendly and shit, but not History. That shit is still fucking Dominated, and twice as bad in military history. She’s up for tenure soon and they still ask Miranda to do the catering!”
But Fury was probably just fucking with him.  Tony shook his head.
(I want to paint you with my cum, mark you up, ‘cause you’re
“Come on!” Tony pulled at his sleeve and heading for the bar. “I want a scotch.”
Tony hesitated a moment before answering, fussing with the covers, pulling them up over Steve’s shoulders.
Thank you for all your kindness and generosity.  There’s no way I would have produced 120,000 words without you!!!
Tony landed and flipped up the faceplate, ready to pour out his apology (he’d practiced in his head the whole flight back), but before he could say anything--
talks over
“If I make a joke about the size of your endowment, will I get myself spanked?” Tony asked with a smile.
“Pretty sure I’m immune to pneumonia now.” Steve paused. “Or, at least, Captain America is.”
“Mmm?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve gave him a grateful smile. “Please.”
“Is King Steven really seven feet tall?” Tony’s page, Peter, asked nearly bouncing with excitement.  “Can he really bend a sword in two with his bare hands? Did he really kill the dragon with nothing but a shield!?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, holding in the breathy
(Shit.)
“As if sparing with a looser like you counts as ‘active.’”
Tony grinned. “I promise: nothing fancy. The waltz is an easy one.”
Overall, dinner wasn’t a disaster.  Barton was easy going and unexpectedly teamed up with Bruce to try and keep the conversation flowing.  They talked about Bruce’s travels in India.  Rogers asked questions and listened attentively. Barton added a few stories of his own, and pulled Romanov in, asking her to remind him how such and such happened, or demanding, “hey, tell Steve about the time. . . ”  Bruce tried to do the same with Tony, but having a more limited knowledge to go on, he had a bit of a hard time.  Tony was scrupulously polite—(proud of me, Pep?)—but far from gregarious.
Steve nodded, still focusing on staying open, relaxed.  Tony raised the cup to Steve’s lips, very, very slowly with a look of intense concentration.
“Pep? Pep?” Tony mumbled, fumbling out for her. He left a dark smear of blood across her jacket; she didn’t seem to notice.
“Yeah.” Steve smiled down at him and said, “Me too.”
has the flu.”
And then Tony was standing behind him, hands carding through Steve’s hair.  He shuddered.
was Steve’s first time.
“JARVIS?  Get me Flowers on Fifth on the line.”
“To you jumping out of the armor, with no backup and no place to retreat to?  Damn straight we wouldn’t have agreed,” Steve said, getting louder with every word.  “But that’s not the only way we could have tested your theory!”
(I'd carry you, if I thought you'd let me.)
Tony shrugged and Jackie gave a satisfied nod, before asking as always, “So, are we just doing the usuals today? Or are you gonna get with the modern age and let me fix you up nice?”
)  Steve tried to ignore his swelling cock and concentrate on his reading.  He took a few long even breaths.
“Thank you!” Tony cried, at the same time Clint said, looking worried: “I’m really not living this down any time soon, am I?”
Tony nodded, but he didn’t know. His mind was racing with possibilities, though . . .
“I’m a lot better now,” Tony told him, “but for a while, it was bad. I still go in every couple months. Like, for a check-up, you know?”
Tony grabbed a rag and made a vague attempt to wipe his hands, leaving a dark grease stain on it. He’d been working on the training bots again, refining their interior engines.
“I—“ Tony’s voice was full of protest, but then he sort of sank back, muscles going lax.  “Okay.”
“It’s totally different,” Tony insisted.  “It’s not an offering
Tony dropped his head to the side and whispered, “Please.”
“Yeah, no worries,” Clint said. “Only take a minute—I’ll ride the elevator with you.”
When he reached the penthouse kitchen, he found everyone had been put to work. Natasha and Pepper were coring and slicing apples, while Steve, Rhodey, and Clint peeled a mountain of potatoes nearby. Bruce was showing Mrs. Rhodes five heads of some wholesome looking greens. They were playing The Beatles again:
just cut the melon and was putting toast in the toaster. Maybe that counted as ‘cooking breakfast’ in Steve’s eyes.
“—running late. Okay. Call me tomorrow?”
“That would be great!” Steve said with bright enthusiasm.
He took a deep breath and sauntered down the hall.
(Crap! The sandwich isn’t just a sandwich.)
“Elect?” Tony repeated again, jaw falling open.
“Tony? Everything okay?”
“Believe it, babe!” Tony insisted, “You’re
“Huh?”
(Fuck me, please, please, please. . . )
,was on the way to conference room 22.
“So, when do you get out here?  I miss you, Pep!”
(Shit.  Is he--)
“Aw yeah?” Steve asked, his accent all Brooklyn, his warm breath ghosting against Tony’s cheek.
Pepper stroked his hand with soft little caresses; it seemed almost unconscious. The world still felt a little blurry, but Tony forced himself to focus.
(Oops. Her, not him.)
“Pep, I’m sorry!  I—”
Tony strode off the dance floor and headed for the bar.
“So . . . How’ve you been?” Pepper asked solicitously.
Tony fumbled his way towards the coffee pot and was grateful to find it full of the strong brew Steve favored.  He poured himself a mug and took a long sip before answering.
“160 decibels.”
“You’re a terrible liar,” Tony said, rolling his eyes.  “Just spit it out, Rogers.”
“Yeah, I think so.” Rhodey sighed. “I just really wanted her to meet you.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Of course, sir.”
And there was her car.  She stepped away, then paused to ask, “You know I wish you all the best, right?”
Cap was standing there, stiff and awkward, his brow furrowed.
“Oh, fuck, Steve!  Yeah, suck my cock, you—”  Tony bit his lip and groaned, flooding Steve’s mouth with come in long, hot pulses.  Steve swallowed it eagerly, laving Tony’s dick with his tongue.  Tony stood over him, cock softening in Steve’s mouth, gently petting Steve’s head.
(It was fine. He’d definitely remembered food. Who’d forget food?)
“Just so I know what we’re doing—“ Steve said.  “Is this an old fashioned date?”  He rushed to add, “I’m fine either way. I just wanted to be certain.”
Natasha had brought Tony a plate of sandwiches and a big mug of coffee.  (Had she been taking lessons from Pepper?)  He’d barely touched them.  (Steve said “love”.  He couldn’t mean . . . “This” couldn’t be
“Better not,” Tony said.  “My meeting starts on the hour, so I should probably head that way.”
Steve shrugged. “We’ll be fine. Doesn’t take that long to get there.”
“They didn’t bite or scrape the skin,” Stevee said consideringly with a hint of a frown, “but it looks like the pressure might be enough to bruise.”
Tony reached for his coffee. (Wait, where--? Oh. Right. Floor.)
Tony held back a sigh. (Guess that’s a ‘no’ to sexy foreplay—or fucking—in the gym.)
“What? No! God no.” Tony said, shaking his head emphatically. “Steve’s great. We’re great. Let’s go out!”
The Pierre.
Clint sat next to him, coiled tight, fists clenched.
Tony nodded. He expected Clint to leave; he didn’t. Instead, Clint took a few steps closer. He looked anxious; it was a weird look on him.
Rogers gave a tight nod and looked away.  Then he jolted with new distress.
The elevator doors opened on the garage.
Tony Y corrects his pronunciation
After what seemed like ages, Tony dragged his fingernails down Steve’s back with one hand and finally
“You want to go
“Of course.”
The sub on TV made ecstatic “chocolate-noise” and the camera zoomed in on her brightly painted mouth.  Rogers changed the channel.  Tony rinsed off his fingers, fixed himself a scotch, and wandered over to the couch.
“I’ll coordinate with SHIELD,” Cap said. “Widow and Hawkeye, join me tomorrow for their debrief?”
about him, though his comments really only sounded bad with
harassed.  Perhaps since, though Rogers was his Captain, Tony didn’t depend on him for income-- not by a long shot--and if Tony wanted out of the Avengers he’d go—and he could throw them all out of his Tower while he was at it!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Love you,” he murmured against Steve’s lips.
“So, uh,” Tony said taking another sip of coffee. “I’ll let you know when I get a prototype ready. It shouldn’t be too long. By my current calculations the poly-aramid ratio’s up to 6.7:1; once I hit 7, we’re golden.”
while I was only on question thirty-something.”
(Oh fuck.) Tony’s chest felt tight. (Also, he’d like to go back and punch those morons.)
“Later.”
“Of course, sir. Dialing now.”
It was good. Things were good. The Ranch would be good for them.
Francesca nodded, still looking stunned.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is there any place in particular you’d like to go?” Steve asked.
“Those are just the gifts I received at birth, Tony.”
“What did you get?” Clint asked, tearing his eyes away from “The Punisher.”
Rhodey nodded and said, “I get what you mean, but still.  He
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good boy, taking what I give you.”
. Part of Tony wanted to apologize to Clint too; but most of him was too pissed to do it). On the field, Steve coped with all the weirdness by being deeply stilted and formal. Only Natasha shot Tony the occasional raised eyebrow or smirking little half smile like usual.
Jerry looked disappointed. “Wait, isn’t it true? You and Stark?”
“It’s a lovely name.”  He took a sip of his champagne.  “So, are you still working for Apple?”
(I love you, I love you, I love you, I--)
Dummy had dropped the fabric in favor of bumping his claw against Cap’s knee. Steve looked a little confused, pet him gingerly on the top of his claw, then offered Dummy his hand. With a gentle care nineteen-year-old Tony had worked hard to teach him, Dummy closed his pinchers lightly on Steve’s hand and moved up and down.
submission so openly in front of the others. He hardly wanted the movie to end--except for the hope that his offering had pleased Steve as much as it pleased him to make it and that Steve might show his appreciation in private with something . . . special.  Tony tried not to let himself focus too much on that possibility lest he make an embarrassing display of his anticipation.
Steve rolled onto his side and Tony curled up in his arms with a contented sigh. Steve stroked his hand up and down along Tony’s body, lingering tenderly over his marks as he murmured sweetly, “Love you . . . So good . . .so beautiful. . . .”
Tony gasped, then cried, “Oh fuck!”
“What was it like when you presented?” Tony asked, at once curious and eager to shift attention from himself. “Were you relieved? To be a Dom?”
“Nope!”
Steve looked at the ceiling. “So, that picture will print on the printer down in my rooms, right?”
“You’re always welcome here,” Tony said, then at Steve’s incredulous look amended it to, “okay,
Jackie was a superb stylist, but his greatest currency was information.
“Excellent,” she said with clear satisfaction. “Would you like some coffee?”
(Also, I know Steve would rather watch
“Yeah.  I haven’t figured out the details yet,” Tony admitted, “But I was thinking about what you said this morning.  About my art being in storage. And how art should be for everyone. So I thought, if you’d like, we could set it up.  Maybe someplace in Brooklyn? Maybe put it up on loan to BAM? Or get our own space? Free to the public.”
“Oh, and I’m voting for
(Here goes nothing . . . )
Clint got up too. “Hey, Cap? You got a minute?”
(Shit.)
Tony squinted up at him and couldn’t quite resist challenging:  “Five bucks says you’re wrong.”
“Yeah, you too.”
“Are you at least gonna bring me a cheeseburger?”
about Tony-- wanted to hear stories about them at MIT, not the ones Tony always told with a wide grin, looking ahead to the punchline. He wanted to ask about Tony and Mrs. Rhodes, wanted to add one more to the list of people who knew the real Tony, at least a bit. He wanted to ask what Tony had told Rhodey about Howard when he was a teenager, so he could to map out more of that minefield.
and even more beer, so . . . Eh, who cares. He got plenty of sleep.
“No. I, uh,” Tony shook his head again. “Still no, Cap. No thanks.”
“Nat got this beautiful star for the top of the tree,” Steve said.
“Maybe, I guess, but,” Rogers spread his hands helplessly, “how is that a bad thing?”
Tony squeezed Steve’s ass, gave a hard suck on his cock and Steve was gone, gone, gone. He arched off the bed, gasping and shuddering, coming far sooner than he’d meant to, suddenly and without warning.  And, oh god, he could feel Tony swallowing around him.
(Oh, hm. There was a question. “The Naked Time”? “Balance of Terror?” Oh! “Devil in the Dark.” That’d be a good one. Hm.)
"You'd best not be caught speaking like that in Manottan," Phillips said sharply.  "They would take it very ill."
(Ah. Cap was pitching a Rhodey.)
Tony pressed kisses to every bit of Steve he could reach—his ear, his cheekbone, his hair—and wrapped his legs around him, as Steve shuddered and panted through the aftershocks, holding Steve close (Well, as close as he could, still tied securely to the headboard.)
Pep rolled her eyes. “When have you
“Wait, there are new ones?” Steve asked Bruce. “I thought the last movie was made twenty years ago?”
“If you have another theory--get another sudden inspiration--can I trust you to talk it through with us first?”
Pepper was dressed in a flawless black suit, flats, and a dark purple blouse. Pep gave him a kiss on the cheek and peered at the tablet.
“Where would you like to be?” Tony asked, intending sultry but sounding uncertain.
Supposedly you weren't supposed to move after an accident.  Nonetheless, Tony was pretty sure that you were supposed to get out of the way when you were on a live track.  He reached up, unbuckled his seatbelt, fell onto the pavement unceremoniously, and scrambled around the remains of the car, still trying to figure out what the hell was going on.  Twisted metal, fire, rocks, heat... it was Afghanistan all over again.  Tony's heart jumped into his throat.
Tony yanked open his front door furiously, still in his bathrobe, and realized why JARVIS had kept repeating himself.  There were at least twenty people standing there. Clearly, they had been waiting for some time and had elected a leader, a not-very dominant, heavyset Alpha woman who stepped forward with two large stacks of envelopes in her hands.
Aria laughed when Beth punched her arm.
A partial lie, of course.  Pepper considered Steve and Aria both to be friends, close friends, even, if only because she saw them so regularly.  She didn't want to admit to an actual kiss. Besides, it was hardly that; brief, with only a faint brush of lips, like butterfly wings.
"It's up to him how involved he wants to get," Steve said decisively. They went to go find a taxi to take them back to the hotel. They could have just walked but they both wanted to be warmer already.
"Yep," said Nate.  "Can you guys leave me alone now?  It's
he'd stolen Steve away.
Steve whined and curled off the bed as Tony thrust inside of him. But it ended too soon and whilst the feeling of his Alpha coming undone inside of him felt good, it wasn't enough. He whined and wriggled in frustration and neediness, his hands moving up to tangle in Tony's hair.
you to 'take care of it.' I do
He stared at the lifeless form of the man who the Angel of Death had murdered.
"Wash my car."
all-American innocence, so let's call it even."
He kneed Steve's legs apart and settled between them, rubbing himself against Steve's entrance.  Steve's body was moist but mostly as a physical reflex; Steve seemed a little bit too drunk to really be consciously into it.
He felt a sharp yank in his gut.  Like someone had hook him with a fish hook.  He groaned and keeled over. The hell?
"No, Aria got the entertainment."
"Heat's aren't a good time. Let's just say... the person who force bonded me--" Steve cringed. "He's on ice now. So my last heat I kept going blind, or being convinced I was freezing half to death.  I could feel him so strongly that-- that it was like I wasn't even in my own body.  Or, I was, but-- but it was just feeling him. It wasn't fun. And it's going to happen every heat."
Tony reached behind his other ear and felt carefully, trying to mirror her actions.
"Yes, in retrospect, that was a very poor plan," said Pietro.  Another flash and suddenly he was standing by Sam's side, holding his gun.
And that Rhodey was a threat.  And that maybe, just maybe, this was why Steve didn't want him.  Maybe he hadn't proven himself yet.  Or maybe Rhodes was encroaching on what was rightfully his.  Rhodey was, after all, a much more dominant Alpha than he.  And Rhodey was, like Tony, unbonded.  Competition.
Rumlow easily grabbed his wrist, twisted, and got him onto his knees.
He sucked in a breath when they got to the graves. Steve frowned a little. It was so strange to see Howard's name there engraved in stone. It made it so much more real- that that the ladies man Steve had known, with the shrill laugh and the charming smile, was gone. He thought to the vision Wanda had given him where Howard had been taking him dancing and a strange sense of eeriness washed over him.
Tony kissed his head affectionately.
"I'm going to recommend both of you stay here overnight for observation," said Dr. McCloud, scribbling notes to herself in a folder marked with Steve's name.  It was strange to see his birthday displayed on the plastic hospital wristband he was wearing; Tony stared down at it.  July 4th, 1918.
"Either one."
The doctor blinked in alarm when they entered the bedroom and he saw the bloody sheets. "Most of its from my leg," Steve tried to reassure him even though he wasn't honestly sure if it was. He just hoped it was. "Should I just...?" He felt awkward all of a sudden.
DeSoto was perched in his usual place on the end of the couch; he had been watching TV, the volume so low it was practically muted.  "A few hours," he said, looking up."They have to clear out the pen for the auction stage, so Dr. McDermott escorted me back here. I already made coffee for Mr. Stark."  The room smelled rich with the freshly brewed pot. "The auction starts in an hour, officially, but they never actually get to bidding under a half-hour after. That way you have time to socialize and read the program with all the omegas' details, like their ages and where they're from and stuff like that."
"Yes," Steve said quietly.  "I wanna go public about our pair-bond."  Maybe it was a little insane, or
Something hard and heavy, rope-like, wrapped around his body and the screen in front of his face scrambled almost immediately.
He slid to the floor and Natasha followed suit. She wrapped her arms around him.
"Update: Four dead," said JARVIS.
was an omega," growled Tony, who suddenly felt like Aunt Peggy had duped him for his entire childhood.
Steve let out a soft huff of air. There was.. a voice? Someone was saying something?
"Buck?" Steve's voice got a touch softer, almost a whisper. "Do you know the co-ordinates for this base?"
knows what I'm talking about!" said Tony enthusiastically, grinning.  He knew Steve was probably blushing even more beside to him.
"...it gets better, right?  Everyone says after a few weeks it gets better," Tony murmured, pulling Steve's bandaged hand up to the arc reactor and laying his own hand over it.
non-gantry?  If they just flew right onto my body?  ...like how super-models do?"
They put Steve on a SHIELD jet that was going to DC that night anyway. He didn't recognize anyone on it but they certainly recognized him. Steve shared an awkward goodbye with Alex on the airport runway and then, with equally awkwardness, headed up into the SHIELD jet full of strangers. The minute he stepped on literally everyone stared at him, realized what they'd done and then tried to look busy and look anywhere
noise.
Fury said nothing.  He just glared.
Then again, being alone meant valuable shop time.  The suit needed work.  And he knew Steve could handle himself.
The music faded and there was the soft sound from the needle skipping along the record; Steve heard someone replacing the needle and the same song began playing again.
"A lot of relationships aren't monogamous."
"Thanks," said Tony, rising and leaving.
"I know," said Tony suddenly, mouth watering.  He hadn't known it until Steve had said it, but... "When you were... when you were in heat... I could smell..."  He trailed off.  On the plane, God, yes.  He'd known Steve was in heat, known how aroused he was, how slick between the legs... he had wanted him so badly.  Tony was remembering it now and he could practically smell--
. The equivalent of Tony's lab.
Steve turned to Natasha before they left the room, however. "Do you know... who actually found me first? And how long I was unconscious for?" He asked quietly.
More and more of the hands were betting things other than money.  People were throwing in watches, car keys, collars... clearly showing off.  Tony was sticking to chips. Or at least, he was trying to. He won some, lost some.  He was currently breaking perfectly even, though he had apparently won a car and a little bit of cash and a night with DeSoto.
"Oh stop being silly and talking about nonsense."
"Hello, Audrey," he cooed, picking up an old acoustic guitar.  It was a Yamaha, the one he'd taught himself on.  He gave her a few loving plucks before swapping her out for a Fender Stratocaster.  He flopping onto the worn loveseat in the corner, dialed up the amp, and settled down with a bottle of whiskey for breakfast, plucking out the chords to "Welcome to the Jungle."
“JARVIS, save and close all that.  Bring up the Mark VII plans.”
“Morning,” Bruce said, entering the kitchen with Natasha right behind him.
P.S.  * Yeah, yeah. I know.  The scientific revolution’s start date is contested, but it was NOT in the eighteenth century in RL. But, hey, this is an AU so I starts the scientific revolution when I wants to.  :-)
“Are you heading out?” Harry asked.
Tony frowned.
Natasha shrugged.
Steve stepped back and gave Tony a little push towards the now-waiting elevator. “Now go on. Good luck.”
“I’ve occasionally heard of creeps trying to persuade their lovers to accept abuse because it was ‘part of SM.’  I hope the exposure provided by this book greatly reduces such incidents.  The Bible says, ‘He who doeth evil hateth the light.’  I want this book to be a floodlight, exposing evil and cruelty.”  (5)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Rogers to the rescue,” Tony muttered leaning back against the bed and closing his eyes.
“I’ve been thinking about you all day,” Steve murmured into Tony’s hair.  “I was going to do some more of the reading Fury sent over, but I couldn’t concentrate.  All I could think about was you.” He chuckled, nuzzling at Tony’s neck.  “Worked myself up pretty bad at the gym.”
’s going on.”
“Of course, sir.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(See the end of the chapter for
“After the serum?”
Tony licked his lips and took a cautious step closer, not breaking eye contact.  Steve was still holding his hand; Tony squeezed it.
“Sweet,” Tony said. “That’s what I wanna hear.” Tony grimaced, then added, “I mean that’s what I want to hear metaphorically—that it’s going to happen. I do NOT want to hear their ballads.”
Rebecca set her coffee down and laid both hands on Tony’s shoulders, then reached up to caress his cheek. “You call me immediately if you start to feel low or have any drop, all right?”
(Shit.
“Sorry,” Steve said, “I shouldn’t have—I mean--”
The Captain looked almost pained, as he asked, “Could you call me Steve, please?”
“Good,” Tony said.
Pepper gave him a sly smile. “I’m open to negotiations.”
The stranger nodded.
“So serious, pudding pie.  No Tones?  No pet names?  No insults?  Hey, you okay?”  Tony  climbed out from under the bench and looked up at the display panel.  Rhodey had a black eye, a split lip, and a neat row of stitches at his temple.  Tony felt a cold wash of dread run through him.  “Shit.”
“Consort,” Tony repeated sceptically.  “A male consort would give you no heir.”
Tony looked like he couldn’t decide between pissed and worried. Rhodes frowned and gave Steve a considering look for a long moment, then his expression went soft.
Was he thirsty?  Steve wasn’t sure that he was, but he was sure he wanted to watch Tony guide the cup to his lips so carefully and tenderly.  Steve nodded and Tony smiled at him.
Steve’s eyes went wide; he looked pretty appalled, really. (Oh. Okay. Apparently, he hadn’t heard twink or dyke used affectionately yet.)
“If you give me twenty minutes and order me pad thai with prawns, I’ll bring my
“I called Mother Superior and offered to bring toys to Magdalene House on Christmas dressed as St. Nicholas,” Steve said with a little shrug. He finished tying a bow, then added, “Uh, she said the kids would probably appreciate a visit from the real Captain America more than a pretend St. Nick, but yeah. She gave me all their wish lists, and the teachers added some notes. So, Jessica asked for a doll, but shows an aptitude for science according to Sister Margaretta, so I got her the chemistry set too. Stuff like that.” Another shrug. “It’s been fun. And we haven’t been that busy lately.”
“If we watch
Tony nodded. “Just filling in hypotheticals, then running various theories.  You know, if
Now Steve was shivering, so Tony grabbed the blanket and dragged it up around them.  Tony propped up slightly against the headboard and pulled Steve into his arms.  He stroked Steve’s hair and ran a hand up and down Steve’s back, murmuring softly, “You did so well . . . so proud of you, Steve . . . love you . . . I’ve got you, babe. . . ”
He waited for Tony to answer, to say ‘good night,’ to say
The audience applauds and Rogers looks over startled, as if he’d half forgotten they were there.
Ave going on one of their hotdog runs. Steve was laughing with his head thrown back. Tony remembered—he’d been trashing the iPhone vehemently and hyperbolically (for Steve’s amusement) and he’d gestured extravagantly while holding his hotdog; the relish went flying off and scattered a little clutch of pigeons on landing. In the photo, Tony’s eyes were very bright, laugh lines squinting up at the corners.
think it’s sinful?”
“My hero,” Tony said jokingly, fluttering his eyelashes.
“It’s a *pizza,* Tony!”
“Ah!”
“Nah, I’m good,” Tony said, eyes sliding shut. The pressure at his wrist, Rebecca’s fingers in his hair—it felt good, really good. Relaxing. Nothing like hitting subspace, but different from his usual brain buzzing. “ ‘m good.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Good morning, Steve. Tony,” Bruce said, arriving with a smile.
“Oh, Tony,” Pepper said.  Her voice sounded like heartbreak.  He turned to look at her, and found her giving him this watery, wide-eyed stare that made him ache all over.  She leaned down slowly to kiss him on the forehead.  (Seriously, why was everyone so damn tall?)
“He took Home Ec,” Tony explained, then turned back to Steve, “Yeah, I tired adjusting the tension, but the real problem was the damn machine wasn’t designed to do materials more heavy-duty than Kevlar which, okay, fair enough since there weren’t any until I invented them this week, but still!” Tony shook his head disapprovingly, then shrugged, “Anyway, so I was designing a new sewing machine.”
“Avoiding? Nobody’s avoiding!” Tony cried. He winced; his voice came out shrill. This did nothing to reassure Rhodey.
now, is it? What’s with you and him?”
“Money? No.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“December 21
Tony just couldn’t resist ribbing Clint a bit—he’d taken Hawkeye for a Stones type—and soon they were bickering playfully the age-old question of Beatles vs. Stones, each trying to win Steve over.
“It’s weird, isn’t it?” Steve asked, frowning into his coffee cup.  “Going into high alert and then all this waiting?”
“Green!  Fuck,
“And let her win again? Nope! This time, I shall be victorious!”
“I’m glad. Now, baby, let’s get you red carpet ready!”
“Have the suit standing by,” Tony called, scrambling down the hall. “But don’t startle him with it! Send it to the floor below.”
(Unless Jerry meant—)
Steve shook his head.  (No.  Tony loves it.  He does. We’re good.)  Steve called up a picture of Tony grinning at him, naked and sweaty and pleased.  (Tony obviously likes it like this.)  But suddenly another image of Tony flashed into his mind: Tony smiling, happy and satisfied, completely at ease surrounded by reporters and investors.
“I would be happy to alert you of Mr. Stark’s return, Dr. Banner,” JARVIS volunteered.
“Hey, JARVIS? How’s the weather out there?”
And for extreme extra clarity, there was an entire chart that repeated hard limits, the things Tony had taken entirely off the menu: scat and subspace. Scat because the thought of excrement in play gave him a shudder of revulsion—not the sexy, humiliated kind—and subspace because—
want to.”
“Give in and eat on the couch, buddy.”  Tony patted Steve’s arm.  “I picked out some awesome
Hugs to all of you!  Many many thanks to my devoted beta and generous cheer leaders.  Love you folks!
“Dude,” Clint said to the ceiling, flopping back down in his seat, “you’re my favorite.”
“Steve,” he said warmly. “Are you at school with Tony?”
me to.”
Dummy picked the screwdriver up very carefully in his claw and held it out with a hopeful whirrr.
“What do you want, Tony?” Steve asked in a rough whisper.  He squeezed the back of Tony’s neck and pulled a little on the ropes. “Do you want me to mark you?  Want my mark on your skin?”
She smiled back.  “Take care of yourself.  Bye!”
already.  We invited you for that and you skipped.”  Clint shrugged.  “So don’t bitch.  Beer?”
“No, no,” Steve said, “That one’s for you. Tony already has some water. See?”
Steve stretched out beside Tony, cock pressed against Tony’s hip, as he fingered him oh-so-slowly.
Captain America pulled himself to his feet, a little heavily but not shaky. He wiped his shield off on the grass, leaving behind a smear of blood and guts.
it’s creepy when people date way younger than them. like, predatory much there stark? #closethegap
Steve gave a stiff nod. His mouth was tight as he said, “It wasn’t right.”
“Yes, I’ve met him, but I don’t really know him.”  Something about Pepper’s tone was
“Not really, no,” Tony said with a snort, “but, whatever.  Semantics.”  Tony waved it off.  “But, you weren’t wrong.  I am single.  Pepper isn’t my Domme-- we’re just friends. I don’t have a Dom.”   Tony refrained from adding, “and that’s the way I like it!”
(Here we go!)
Tony nodded tightly, suffocating on words he wasn’t allowed to say. Steve entered the kitchen and, before Tony could get a word out, Bruce had exclaimed his name and asked him to come to talk privately.
Tony chugged down some coffee then shook his head. “No. No, that’s not--”
“Oh, right. Yeah. Okay.” Rhodey drank deeply from the cup. “Hey, Steve, have you heard any Michael Jackson yet? ‘cause he’s the
Tony shrugged.  He took another bit of éclair and looked back over to the schematics.
Tony reached across the table for Steve’s hand, wanting to touch and reassure him that—
spoilerish warnings (copy and paste at rot13.com) : Gbal qbrfa'g xabj gung Fgrir'f pbafrag vf yrff guna jubyrurnegrq; Fgrir'f pbafrag unf orra fbzrjung pbreprq naq znavchyngrq (abg ol Gbal), gubhtu ur uvzfrys vafvfgf ur'f univat frk bs uvf bja serr jvyy; nyfb noyrvfg zragvbaf bs vasregvyvgl; zvfhaqrefgnaqvat gung znxrf Fgrir srry rafynirq, gubhtu ur vfa'g.
“It’s all right,” Tony said, hating himself a little for how utterly inadequate the words were.
The elevator doors closed, leaving Tony alone with the tree.
“Penthouse, J,” Tony called when he got back to the Tower, then thought better of it and asked, “Actually, where’s Pep?”
“Haven’t published, won’t publish.  Nobody gets my tech.  Well, not in this format anyway.  The StarkSafes have elements in common with J, but they’ve got IQs of 70 or 80 to JARVIS’s 140.”
Steve was standing alone at the huge bay window, looking out at the skyline.
The man stepped aside, expression one of muted anger.
“On it!”
) Okay, deep calming breaths.  (Concentrate on the road.)
Steve jolted and whirled around, chest heaving. His eyes were bloodshot, his cheeks streaked with tears. He stared at Tony for a moment, wild-eyed, then stumbled from the railing.
“Yeah. Will do,” Tony promised.
“Are you Captain of the Avengers now?” Dominick asked.
“Hot dogs,” Clint prompted.
“Yeah,” Steve said, looking away again. He was having trouble meeting Tony’s eyes.
