“I see. Well tread carefully, Mr. Watson. Tread carefully” And with that John is back in the car, and on his way to The New Scotland Yard.
And just like that, it was like a veil had been lifted. Sherlock’s eyes sharpened, and his face actually brightened. He looked like a little boy on Christmas morning, not knowing which new toy to play with first. Forgetting the fact that the ‘toys’ were a human spleen and possible homicides, it was… endearing.
“Yes, it’s highly scientific, I wouldn’t expect you to know it. Now quit stalling and spill.”
“What do you mean, what? You know what.”
John Watson is nothing special, there’s nothing really that sets him out from the rest of crowd. His sandy blonde hair is nothing special, neither are his dark blue eyes. People often mistake his eyes for brown, but no, they’re blue, you just have to get close enough to see them. But even that’s not special, there are far more interesting eyes in the world. Sure John is fit, finding time to play some football when not in class, studying, or working, but he’s short, shorter than many women, and that doesn’t inspire much swooning. John Watson is nothing special, unless you count the healing thing.
“You married him after one weekend. So he was that good in bed, huh?”
“Oh wow! I had no idea that was here… I mean, what do you think that is?” John always was a horrible actor.
“She really is a very good friend, Sherlock. You really ought to treat her better.”
“John,” Sherlock swallowed, nervously, “you’re here.” How much had John heard? Judging by the stony-faced stare he was aiming at Theo, probably most, if not all of it. God, what could he be thinking?
John Watson was an extraordinarily patient man. Normally, at least. After all, he lived and worked with a man who proudly called himself a “high functioning sociopath” for God’s sake. Patience was not just a virtue, but a necessity. And as a doctor and a former soldier, patience was something John had mastered a long time ago.
isn't
“The arrangements have all been made.” Mycroft said, examining his cuticles, acting as if he’d rather be doing anything other than meddling into Sherlock’s affairs. Sherlock wished he would do something other than meddle into his affairs.
“There’s no need to be worried.” Molly sighed, handing Sherlock the little bottle of powder. “Your plan is airtight, there’s no way they can deny the facts. And even if they try, I can’t imagine John would let them get away with it. I’ve never seen anyone so dedicated.”
“Maybe… I hope so.” Sherlock grew quiet, turning the watch over and over in his hand, examining the little intricate details, it was truly a thing of beauty. And John had had it fixed for him, had used something so gorgeous and so meaningful to ask him to marry him. The amount of thought John put in to everything, organizing the trip, reserving the garden, getting the watch, it was astonishing.
“Charges? John, you’re being ridiculous.”
“That was…” Sherlock said, licking his lips, still breathing heavily.
“To you maybe.” John smiled. “Goodnight Sherlock, goodnight BuzzBee, remember to call me if you need anything.”
I'm currently at the airport, sitting at my gate with an hour and a half to spare. Might as well give you guys Chapter 4 on schedule! I'm not sure, but I think this is the longest chapter of the fic, and it's the one everyone knew was coming. Hopefully it's got enough of a slight twist on canon, that it's not too much of a snoozefest.
“And that I served in the army? That I was stationed in the Middle East?”
For the second day in a row, John returns to visit Sherlock in hospital, excited for the chance to get to know the man a little better.
“Mrs. Hudson, I don’t…” he stuttered.
*******
By half past nine John was taking a seat at the small table in the front window of Speedy’s café. There was still a half hour before Sherlock was due to arrive – and if he knew Sherlock, he would be walking through the doors at ten o’clock on the dot – but John had awakened early and was too eager for the day to begin. Plus it gave him some extra time to plan for the day, plan for the date. He hadn’t thought about what they could do too much – his brain had been a bit preoccupied with other thoughts the night before – but so much of his and Sherlock’s friendship had been unplanned, their entire relationship was defined by spontaneity, so it would be fitting if their first date was a bit spontaneous. Their first date, his first date with Sherlock, he had a date with Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes and he were going on a date. John had to bite his lip to keep from grinning like the madman he felt like.
“No… No, it’s fine.” Sherlock shook his head a little. “Now where was I? Oh, right, left handed. That was easy too. You accepted the drink with your left hand, you had faint ink marks along the side of your left pinky finger, you wear your watch on your right wrist, and your tattoo is on your right arm. People tend to endure anything painful on their non-dominant side.”
With a heavy sigh, Sherlock started explaining the timeline, going over the interviews, and dissecting every lab analysis and report. As he spoke, Molly sat and listened quietly, nodding along, never interrupting.
“Mmmm” Sherlock hummed, only able to give a half-hearted grunt, sleep having already started to pull him under.
“Say no more.”
The pavement beneath his feet, the warm summer breeze on his face, Sherlock felt invigorated as he passed warehouse after warehouse. McCall took a sharp left in an attempt to lose him, leading him along the embankment, but still Sherlock kept on him. Each time his foot hit the ground, he felt himself gaining on McCall, just a few more seconds and he would have him. Just… a little… further…
“Oh, right.” Molly nodded.
“Tuesday.” Sherlock nodded. “Goodnight, John.”
In truth, John had never looked more handsome in his life. The cut of the suit was perfect to show off his build. His arms, his chest, his thighs – his arse – which were too often hidden underneath old jeans and jumpers – though John looked handsome in those too – looked amazing wrapped in Savile Row’s finest. And the deep navy color of the fabric matched the deep blue of his eyes, making them stand out and look stunning, making John look stunning.
John was intelligent – not as intelligent as Sherlock, as very few were – but intelligent compared to the rest of the population. But Sherlock knew intelligent, clever-ish people. John was handsome. But there were men out there who were more universally accepted as ‘attractive.’ John was attracted to him, but plenty of people found him aesthetically pleasing. John was still attracted to him even after he opened his mouth. There were far fewer people who fell into that category, but it wasn’t unheard of. John liked his deductions. Lestrade liked his deductions. Alright, so Sherlock’s deductions often times helped him out on a case, but Lestrade like them to some degree. John liked
“Who are Michelle and Andrew,” he asked, not bothering to open his eyes, “and what are they about to have their twentieth of?”
“What?” Jack asked, turning back around, his brows slightly furrowed, and a curious quirk to his mouth. The way the light from outside hit him, playing across his face and his chest… Sherlock felt that all too familiar feeling in his gut, like his stomach was simultaneously tied in knots and doing somersaults. Jack was beautiful, he was perfect, and Sherlock couldn’t look away.
John hadn’t honestly expected Mike to object to Sherlock staying with them, he spent most of his time at Becca’s anyway. And frankly, John wouldn’t have cared if Mike did object, Sherlock was staying with them – with John – no matter what. Still, it was a relief to know Sherlock had more people on his side.
Sherlock felt his breath catch in his throat, John was standing in front of him now, hands clamped on his shoulders, beaming up at him. Sherlock knew for sure he’d never seen anything more beautiful. “I wish you had been there too.  I’d never had been able to do if it if it weren’t for you. You taught me everything.” And suddenly his arms were around John, pulling him into a tight hug.
“Be right back!” John leapt up, and was out of the room before Sherlock could say anything else.
“Where,” he croaked, “where was he… where was he stabbed?”
John’s reverie was broken by Sherlock’s voice coming from the sitting room. “John, come in here. I want you to take a look at something and tell me what you see.”
and make up, amiright?)
“Thanks for saying that, but yeah I did.” John chuckled, thinking back to everything Sarah had said. “The message thing was a mistake anyone could have made, and I really overreacted. Plus I said a lot of things I didn’t mean either. I think I was expecting something to go wrong, so I kind of… made it go wrong. So I’m sorry about that, I’m sorry about all of it.”
“I see.”
“I don’t care. You’re both adults, and in theory, you’re both professionals. Start acting like it.”
“I know how to swim, John,” Sherlock’s floating head huffed, “that is not the issue.”
Following Sherlock’s lead – something that was becoming a bit of a habit as of late – John stepped calmly out of the conference room and headed for the lifts. They weren’t stopped, no one even bothered to look at them. Sherlock had never looked so smug, John hated that look. No, he loved it.
I left dinner for you. It’s on the bottom shelf of the fridge - JW
“Is Lestrade here to help you, John?”
What is this in the shower - JW
“No. We hadn’t returned to England in time.”
He did push him away then, sinking into his chair, tugging down his clothes like it would fix everything. “I can’t believe we’re having this conversation.”
He didn’t ignore these. He always texted back.
Sherlock doesn’t know what he’s doing.
A silence continued. His anger simmered. “I’m getting another drink. I’ll get you a water. Lime?”
Like now when you are gone. I note the absence when before an absence never provoked more than momentary acknowledgement. - SH
Snape. - SH
thing to do I
“No. Later.”
“Too late for
for this chromite ore which is just perfect.”
The day he first met John, Sherlock was leaving Bart’s to go meet with some other man, some Victor that Mycroft had suggested as a flatmate. He’d stopped for a coffee first and saw across the street his father run by, his father as he had been just once before, the cold man in a long coat who’d rubbed his back while he wracked shuddering detox. Sherlock left his drink on the counter and ran across the street and called out
He at first worries this will make Sherlock bolt up, eyes open, make that
Well golly let me distract myself from my date to help you find my personal computer - JW
He didn’t respond.
And yet you’re always telling me to put my pants back on. - SH
“Seems a bit rash to run off with him and your baby then, yeah.”
need to talk about this? Surely you have your
...Presumably.
“John,” Sherlock said quietly. “It’s fine. It’s been a long time. I also want us to come together without this cloud over it.”
, exclaim that John must have found the phone, and deduce everything following. He, of course, does not. He probably didn’t bother thinking about it for longer than it took to dismiss it as unimportant. John wonders if he could trick Sherlock into suspecting Something if he left a careful trail of tabs open, or history just-barely erased, and decides to keep that idea for a rainy oh-god-he’s-shooting-the-walls-day.
In thinking about his thinking (about his thinking about his thinking; how many layers could he have, hypothetically? No: concentrate -) he had been quiet. He realized Lestrade was waiting for a response. He scoffed and said, “I’m too useful to you to put behind bars.”
“Lean forward,” John whispers, and then, “lean back.” He is quiet. No doubt concentrating. Sherlock is quiet. His brain searches for causes, settles on,
And blood didn’t bother Sherlock, never had. But he had stared at it and then at John’s face and then fled the room.
Reminding himself to offer Sherlock a lecture on timing, the conversation waited until their usual after-case dinner three days later. John did not miss the significance of Sherlock choosing Angelo’s.
This topic does not come back up for day after day. John assumes this means it is settled. John assumes this means that everything is settled and that, whatever Sherlock feels for him, it is not quite the same. That’s fine, John tells himself. It’ll be fine.
He had then thought about a toddler Sherlock with his mother.
“Mary,” John started.
“No. You sleep there. I’ll call you in the morning, okay?”
Get the gingersnaps. - SH
Sherlock picks up the box for a third one and there is a brief wrestling match. John ends up throwing the box out the window and so Sherlock smacks his shoulder and so John punches back, fairly gently, just as a warning, and Sherlock tries to kick him while sprawled out on the sofa, which isn’t very efficient, and so John grabs his foot and glares at him, just holding it in the air, and it’s so ridiculous they both start gigging.
He could devote himself to something too. He’d find it.
“Yes, exactly. Come at six.” He paused. “Unless you’re busy?”
Well if anyone could it’d be you, Sherlock lol - JW
, to drop on someone like that. She was an ex and a friend, and the one supposed to be helping John be normal, he couldn’t complicate it with that. And since Sarah didn’t know he hadn’t told Mary. That was a bit much, for the beginning of a relationship. And then it’d been so long it’d be awkward
someone had
Sherlock pushed ahead with the conversation. The more John was drawn out, the more likely he was to rush to the tears, and then the comfort, and then the sex. God, he wanted sex with John. “Five weeks is very soon,” he said (stating the obvious also comforted John). “What are our plans for the delivery room? Is there an etiquette for my presence?”
Sherlock I’m sorry about that text last night - JW
“No, I don’t mean-”
“And I’m sure yours is perfect.”
Right - JW
John possessed a certain natural charisma.
That was sarcasm. - SH
Tell Lestrade to check the boyfriend for alibi. Stay, be there in five. - SH
John had nodded seriously and waited to hear more. When Sherlock didn’t say anything, still pondering, he had cleared his throat and said, “That’s fine. I mean, thank you for sharing with me.”
And that was the lie that compounded all lies.
“Yes, I agree, we should enter a romantic relationship. No, we don’t need to talk about it. There’s nothing new to it and the subject, in generalities, is dull.”
The funny thing was, the kind of funny that made John laugh and then wince at himself, is that Sherlock has had the most exhausting three years of his - possibly anyone's - life, and that as desperately tired as he was the hard thing should be
John, and something in her stilled and grabbed the banister and watched.
"I'm a demon."
Two LIVE bats?! - JW
The thief is there? - SH
“Aside from the addition of sex, however, our lives would remain exactly the same.”
Molly wouldn’t obtain me a fetus - SH
“If she needs to know, absolutely,” he said firmly. “Well - yes, yes, I will. But - at the right time.”
Something has all gone wrong.
“John,” Sherlock says, and hesitates. “About my appearance. Was that a come-on or a reassurance? Because-”
, John.”
Adding my socks cannot possibly make it noticeably more difficult. - SH
“Uh yeah, sure, but-”
John looked like he was going to have one of their ‘the world does not conform itself to your desires’
Sherlock analyzed the new data and reinterpreted drawn conclusions. “Perhaps I should meet him, some day.”
“Since you lost John.”
“No,” John told him steely.
That month, that was the first time he slipped memory and space and time by slipping forgetting into his veins.
Agreed. Slime is always more interesting. - SH
. He almost told her, in that moment.
We’ll never drink two gallons before it goes off, Sherlock - JW
There is still a lot they will have to figure out. But soon, a man named Henry is going to walk in, and they will have a new case, and not long after that they’ll be in Dartmoor and John will be told, “Sorry, we couldn’t get you a double.” And John will say, “That’s fine.” And this time he won’t need to correct the inevitable mistake because it’s no longer a mistake and, probably, never was.
The moan Sherlock released when John gave an experimental tug, sent shock waves up John’s spine. It felt like he’d been struck by lightening, every nerve felt electrified, his chest felt like it was going to explode. John had been on the receiving end of a number of blow jobs in his life, but never had he experienced one this good. It was… ecstasy.
“Here, drink this.” Dr. Sanderson said, handing cups of tea to both Sherlock and Molly. “Now I’m not even going to bother asking how you knew about the body, I’m just so sorry you had to worry like that. If reception wasn’t such crap down here, I’d have been able to tell you he wasn’t John. You must have been so frightened.”
“Wait wait wait. You’re John? He’s John?” the man said, looking to Sherlock. “As in the ‘muttering under your breath’ John?”
“I bet you were enjoying that wash.” Peter Bixby – left winger – said eyeing Sherlock. “Who’s this tall glass of water you have with you?”
“Everything, John. It’s everything you’ve ever done.”
“So you obviously have some idea of who I am.” The man said when his laughter eventually subsided.
“Friend, handler, babysitter. Take your pick.” Lestrade chuckled and shook his head. “No, I call him in to help on cases every so often, and I kind of took a shine to him over the years. Became his de facto friend I guess.”
Of course, even with Sherlock’s visible improvement, that didn’t stop John from making sure he was always on hand should Sherlock need help with anything, but Sherlock actually managed well enough on his own. He could stand unsupported for longer and longer periods of time, he could maneuver around the flat on his crutches with ease, and when they went to his doctor’s appointment, navigating up and down the stairs only took half as long as before. He still needed to hold on to something – usually John – if he wanted to actually walk, but if he held on to John, he could walk between the kitchen and sitting room with very little incident. Sherlock was terrible when it came to doing Heather’s “homework assignments”, so John found himself helping out with those too. In the evenings, before turning in for the night, he’d make Sherlock do the assigned exercises. Like with the eating, Sherlock would groan and grumble, but do them all the same. John actually suspected the petulance was all for show, because after Sherlock was done, he’d usually see a proud little smile flit across Sherlock face, followed quickly by an eyeroll and another complaint. Secretly, John found it just a bit charming, but only just. He didn’t to inflate Sherlock’s ego any more than it already was.
“I… thank you.” John managed with a half smile, and hurried after Dr. Cook.
“Shhhh, Shhh. You’re going to be alright. Everything’s going to be alright.” Hummed Sherlock. Tears ran down his face as he began to rock slowly, planting kisses on John’s damp crown.
“What? Oh, no, no we haven’t met. I’m Malcolm, Malcolm Vogel. I’m Sherlock Holmes’s roommate.”
“It’s not my fault I needed a lie-in,” Sherlock grinned, stretching before rolling on top of John, “this incredibly fit footballer thoroughly wore me out last night.”
John also found himself monitoring Sherlock’s incisions, helping him re-dress them, and properly wrap them when he went for a wash or a much-needed soak to sooth his sore leg muscles. So much for not being a nursemaid, but he couldn’t very well turn off being a doctor. He did however draw the line at dressing Sherlock, somethings the man had to do for himself. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind though, and apparently, everything he’d asked John to do – act as a crutch, help with the exercises, deliver food and tea – was nothing he wouldn’t ask of any other flatmate. John wasn’t exactly sure if that was a comfort or not, but it was what it was, and he didn’t really mind. It was nice to finally be needed again, and they were hardly major inconveniences anyway.
“Oh, I think it’s a bit more than that.”
“John.” It was more of a breath than anything else, but John thought his name never sounded more beautiful.
“Oh, John, it’s you.” Sherlock said, his exasperation disappearing as a smile spread across his face. Alright, so John was still welcome. “I’m sorry, I thought you were Molly coming back.”
“It’s really not a big deal, Sherlock. Honestly, it’s alright.” John really didn’t want to talk about this. It seemed like Sherlock wasn’t aware of John’s newly discovered true feelings – small mercies – but the more Sherlock pushed the issue, the greater the chance of John accidentally saying something incriminating he couldn’t take back. Or worse, doing something he couldn’t take back.
“Of course I do, you forced me to go to his wedding.” Sherlock frowned, not quite following where John was going.
He didn’t think it could get much worse after that first evening, finding out that John planned on dating again, and realizing he was never going to have what he truly wanted. But, as was becoming his habit as of late, Sherlock was wrong. As the weeks wore on, as he watched John prepare for and get excited for the stupid, pointless, useless celebration, Sherlock’s hurt – and jealousy – grew.
“I’m his friend. I… I accept him.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t.”
“More!” Sherlock cried out, trying to push down John’s pants. “I need more!”
“Fine,” he huffed, he couldn’t let her know he didn’t mind helping her out. “Just hold on a moment, there’s something I need to do.”
I just had you in my mouth. How are you –
The only thing I love more than Johnlock happy and in love, is hearing from you guys, whatever that may be!
*******
“When you know, you know?”
“I thought you two broke up, you haven’t seen him in months.” Harry called after him.
“Pop music,” John nodded.
“Sherlock… Sherlock, we’re here.” Molly’s small voice pulled Sherlock back out of his own mind, her gentle hand rested on his arm.
“What are you doing just standing there? Get in you burk.” John says, flinging open the door, barely noticing the look of shock on Sherlock’s face as he shuffles in.
“I was fine.” Sherlock grumbled, and the petulant, almost childish, little frown on his face was enough to evaporate any annoyance John may have felt towards his stubborn flatmate.
“Whoa! Don’t blame that on me!” Sherlock protested. “You’ve been patently ridiculous since the moment I met you,” he laughed.
“Heading the investigation? He left.” Mr. Watson honestly believed John left. Eighteen years with him, and he didn’t know John at all. Sherlock wished he could say he was surprised, but really, he was just disgusted.
“And I’ll be Captain Watson, of the Royal Navy. I’ve dedicated my life to bringing you in.”
Shoulders slumping, Sherlock seemed to shrink in on himself. “Oh.” He said quietly.
They had recently moved in to a new flat – in the building with the world’s worst locking system – located about halfway between the university where Sherlock had just started his third year, and St. Bart’s Hospital where John was doing his clinical rotations. Although they had been living together officially for the entire year before the move when Sherlock ‘took over’ Mike’s bedroom when Mike moved in with Becca – the room never actually got slept in once Mike left so they had turned it into a makeshift lab/evidence room -  this new place felt wholly theirs. John knew he was probably just being sentimental and sappy, but they found it together, they chose it together; it wasn’t John’s flat where Sherlock had come to live, it was theirs together from the off and that made it special.
Remind me again why I'm putting these two through all this. Oh right, to give them a happily ever after!
“Hmm? Oh, yeah. I got them.” John reached into the bag he and slung across his shoulder, pulling out a couple of battered journals. “I don’t know exactly what you’d glean from them, they’re just my old procedure logs.”
’ he told himself.
“As long as I don’t have to remain in the facility, I’ll be fine.” And he would be fine, it was being stuck there, not able to leave, that had bothered him before. He’d be fine.
“And the Yard calls you, an eighteen year old kid? Why would they listen to you?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed, his whole body tensed, and his shoulders hunched as he looked to fold in on himself. Shit. “Wait, what am I saying? You’re a genius, they’d be idiots not to listen to you!” John hurried to add.
Later John will blame it on the drinks lowering his inhibition, but whatever Sherlock was going to say is cut off by John surging forward, and unceremoniously crashing his lips in to Sherlock’s. After a few seconds, John can feel Sherlock recover from the initial shock, his hands rising to grip his hips. Encouraged, John parts his lips, asking silent permission to deepen the kiss, which Sherlock readily grants. Feeling Sherlock’s tongue moving against his own, John lets out a low, heady groan, hands moving from the lapels of Sherlock’s long coat, to his back, pulling Sherlock tight against his chest, and tilting his head for a better angle.
“Me too, Husband. Me too.”
“Lots of stuff. He’d laugh at us when we got something wrong, but not in a fun nice way. I think he was making fun. And one time, I accidentally tore my homework. I tapped it back together real careful, and it looked good as new, but he wouldn’t take it and threw it in the bin. Oh, and he never lets anyone go to the bathroom during class, even when it’s an emergency!”
"It’s back to my parent’s place in Aldershot. It may not be as idyllic as your Christmas at the country estate, but it’s nice too. It’s the one time of year Dad puts forth some effort.” John sighed. “And Mum always finds a way to make it special each year. Every year she decorates the Christmas tree yard with a different theme. Like last year, she staged a battle of little plastic trolls against aliens; another was four little pyramids of oranges. Oh, and one year she made an entire pipe cleaner village.” He smiled, getting lost in the memories.
“It’s about damn time!” Mike laughed. “Oh, wait. Shit!”
“Is it?” Sherlock turned his head to look at John, and
“We? We who?”
“John should be fine, his surgery went perfectly. The bullet missed everything major, going straight through.” The surgeon addressed Mr. Watson.
“Oh sorry Sarah,” John mimed, ignoring Sherlock’s insults, “I’m not sure if I can make it into work today, I have to run it by the guy I just hooked up with.”
“But?”
They are tailing the daughter of a wealthy banker who suspects she is stealing from him to fuel a drug habit. She’s actually running an illegal gambling ring right under her father’s nose, and it is actually a few of the players who have sticky fingers. As it turns out, the ring is also being used as a front for even more illegal dealings by the Clerkenwell crime syndicate.  Which leads John and Sherlock to spending 32 hours parked in a rented car outside of the daughter’s flat, waiting for a known member of the syndicate to show up. Strictly speaking, it’s actually the Gangs and Organized Crime Unit, that are staking out the flat, but that doesn't stop John and Sherlock from observing. According to Sherlock, “When are we ever going to get the chance to be part of taking down an honest to god crime family? And besides, we’re just watching. We’re not
After much fumbling – which took too bloody long in John’s opinion – Sherlock produced a condom and a nearly full bottle of lube.
In this short outline of people Sherlock likes John is not entirely sure where to put himself. Perhaps John is unique category, but he would like some clues.
Not in character. - SH
Right. Sherlock had ‘forgotten’ Mary, beyond a necessary calculation. Set her aside. He would need to consider her more fully if he were to create an opportunity. “Of course. She’ll have input on the situation.”
“I’m not going to...I can’t leave them for you.”
While I’m washing your socks?! - JW
The way that John was shifting in his seat implied guilt; Sherlock had several hypothesis but would solve them later. “Agreed.”
When he was twenty-three, Mycroft pulled him aside and told him, “I’ve read your book.” (Of course he had.) “They’re doing something important and you’re not going to see them for years. I’m sorry.”
Harry knew, because Harry was the one he’d told everything to, right after. And John knew Mycroft knew but they never said anything about it. Sarah he hadn’t told because... well, it was just too big a
I don’t use nicotine patches for bookmarks - JW
“Hmm. That depends on your presuppositions. If you mean having sex-”
"I'm a demon," Sherlock says. "Fallen angel, that whole bit. Didn't care for the rules so I opted for the globe."
John sat back down and felt absolutely worse than ever.
Yes!! - JW
He wasn’t leaving 221b for the last time, the day he stepped out with the last box in his hand, they both knew it, but this time, when Sherlock said “Goodbye, John,” it had felt even more final than his death.
Sherlock wasn’t there.
Wow thanks for making me toast - JW
“Of course,” John began, but she held up her hand.
"No," Sherlock says. "You die in your seventies and I have your skull preserved. Then I timelock it so I could carry it with me even in the past, before I met you and couldn't yet have you."
Sherlock scanned it quickly before starting to reread it slowly. The frown deepened.
He did not even know where to begin, so instead he picked up his phone to call Jack. He reassured himself that this was the one phone call he could make in his life that Sherlock couldn’t deduce and Mycroft couldn’t trace.
“Sorry, do you not-”
each other and how you’re
He was one of our greatest composers. - SH
“Never.” Sherlock’s grip on John’s hands tightened.
He then proved to Sherlock how a kiss was no mere addition but
That is not worth biscuits - JW
We have already elucidated this subject. - SH
John slams the lid shut and decides to read a damn book already. It bothers him that this is bothering him so much.
No. They have lost.
“Ask you to remove it,” he said. “Worry about you. Worry for myself. Ask if someone has made you do this. Remove the gun from your hands as quickly as I could.”
“I need a cup of tea.”
We’re out of bread? - JW
John Watson wasn’t in his notebook at all.
“How are
Sherlock felt his eyebrows raise so high they hurt. He’d never expected
You don’t need to be lonely, Sherlock. You have friends - JW
He was absolutely going to cut back: his vow to John to put him and the baby first was completely genuine. He would permanently take fewer cases, perhap take less dangerous ones. But first he needed to loudly and insistently quit completely: he knew that John and Mary’s primary concern was the child’s safety (and for John, the attention demanded). To pacify that fear he was required to eliminate it. Only then would Mary accept Sherlock as a permanent figure around John. Sherlock didn’t demand her approval, but John did, and so Sherlock needed it.
“I’m seeing exactly when we can see him. I know it’s very soon, I’ve been getting this arranged for it.” He said
romantic dramas to pay attention to?” Sherlock tossed his phone down on the table in frustration. “Isn’t this what your bloody telly’s for?”
to Lestrade, who took off for the glass, and then gave John a
I suppose I occasionally feel lonely because you’re here but still so far away. - SH
Or the week after that.
Before John could possibly summon an answer Lestrade asked Sherlock for his guess. “We’re off to the V&A,” Sherlock answered. “Get me access to her house. And if a man in a green suit comes to ask about the corpse, arrest him immediately.”
The truth of it dawned on John slowly, crept up his back as his hands tried to deny deny deny. Of course, he said, there’d be some anger, some confusion, some re-alignment of the same souls in different times, of course it’d be difficult for awhile, but…
“Mm,” Sherlock said. He gave Mary a brief, tight smile, and then focused back on John as if she didn’t exist. “We should talk privately.”
John wondered about it.
“People.”
“So I’m going to give you my two insights, okay? And then I’m going to get out of here, with you, and you’ll crash on my couch and be out by seven because I have brunch with Lisa.”
They gave him a blue bassinet, and a black notebook, and swaddled him tightly in a white blanket. Then they held him and held him until they had to let go.
“And how are you going to help?”
“Stop worrying,” he commanded him. “We have everything we need now. I can become an expert in parenting within a few weeks,  I already know all the strong research is in cognitive development. Does she have a particular theorist she favors?”
Do you only feel lonely when I’m gone? - JW
We should do that - JW
But Sherlock doesn’t always ignore his body on a case, does he? John knows that now.
gay men.”
“Excuse me,” he said, “for communicating elliptically. John, the -”
Her eyes flickered to John, who nodded.
of it, the sheer coincidence, and the Doctor said, with wonder, “Look at this. We’re already all family.”
“Well, to start with, I’d kiss you.”
John listened to some very strange squishing sounds in the background. Sometimes he wondered what it would be like, if everyone weren’t five steps ahead of him, and if he had such a thing as privacy. “Does Mycroft just run
skull, and they’d both see it and laugh, and John would say, “hurry, hurry,” and she’d feel it and know something.
John continued to frown at her, but Sherlock raised an eyebrow, leaned forward. She realized how much of a stranger he was, a story-character from a forgotten past brought to living flesh. She realized how little she really knew of him. Of John’s time with him. John who was perfectly, beautifully ordinary, smart and handsome and strong but kind and everyday, not like this man, who was all flashing blade. Mary wondered what ordinary John would have to do with it. What he would want with ordinary John. She knew, then, that there was more missing than she’d even just realized.
Sometimes just his father came to visit. It wasn’t ever just his mother. Once his father stopped in when he was on a binge, and had carried him into the old bedroom and kept him in the sweaty sheets for days. “Clean up,” his father had ordered, in the coldest tone Sherlock had ever heard.
“Ah, no,” John said. “No, this is going so not well that well is not a word we should even utter.”
“What museum?”
Also I have forwarded your last text to Scotland Yard. - SH
, like Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft (...probably) and a few he likes and even respects (Lestrade and... Lestrade). How many equals does he meet? (And the ones he does, they’re always trying to murder him.)
“You are almost completely correct,” he said, “and taking the mature decision because it is better for both yourself and John. You are right in taking the short term pain for a longer happiness.”
“Make things weird, why don’t you,” John joked. And Sherlock laughed and when John shook his head and walked into the kitchen to boil the water and Sherlock saw him there, moving around their home with such simple ease, rising on his feet to reach the box of loose leaf, his arm stretching, the hem of his jumper lifting and Sherlock could walk over and trace that line, too, that stretch of skin, the tingling slope of John’s spine, and John wouldn’t say anything (likely) or stop him (less likely - but possible) and the comfort of it was achingly erotic and his eyes blinked and there were
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “You need to be alone.”
in love with Sherlock, if Sherlock was his Exception it wasn’t something he was going to admit to Sherlock or to himself. Because he saw what happened to Irene. To Molly. He couldn’t deal with not reaching Sherlock, in the end, there, not being Sherlock’s Exception...
“Stop it,” she said. “I know what you’re doing and stop it.”
, they had
“He does
They and Mummy kept his notebook up to date. It was all rather confusing, and Sherlock sometimes learned things improperly, out of order, so he learned to delete what was as-yet-unknown or dangerous. He found he was rather good at it.
“There are definitely times we need you. But, you know, for three years we had to make due and things were still okay.” Lestrade made a
“I needed to see you.”
Sherlock declines the offer and advice of food, and says something about buying a harpoon, and leaves. John walks down to the Thai place for take-away. The cashier hands him his small brown bag and asks if his boyfriend out of town again.
He wasn’t going to give up on Sherlock. They would stay friends. He would listen and gasp in amazement and laugh at all of Sherlock’s stories, and go with him on the cases he could, the ones where Sherlock actually needed him (or actually wanted his companionship). He just wouldn’t be Sherlock’s John anymore.
“Er,” he said, eyes flickering to the distance of the door.
Yes - JW
is dealing with a peaceful break better than he is, he is due for a serious conversation with reality.
British Government?”
The next time Sherlock saw him, the Doctor didn’t remember any of that, and so he could never tell him anything.
. Not
something. Even when his arms begin to ache. John smiles at him. It is more of a smirk. Minutes past. Long minutes. He can’t see the time, but he can count it, internally. He remains posed and obedient. John continues to look pleased, patient and still himself.
She continued to stare at him with wet eyes.
I know. - SH
“It’s a distraction. What if we’re on a case and the craving flares up and takes you away from your work?”
“I’m sure we would have, although the matter was never official. But we were unable to until it was too late.”
He travelled a lot, in the army. Made a lot of friends. Got a bit of a reputation. That was okay, because he was sweet and considerate and kind, and because everyone liked him anyway.
It was a rather extended metaphor, but Mary liked it, because it made it neither of their faults. John wasn’t distant and she wasn’t failing him, it just
He’s off his diet. - SH
It wasn’t.
“That’s hardly indicative of how much John’s told me about you.”
Oh yeah, the money is right here - JW
. It’s a stupid looking hat and looks just completely ridiculous on Sherlock but now they start getting pictures from people drawing him in it and the photos are everywhere and it makes Sherlock grumpy in the most pleasant way. John is enjoying this terribly until one night Anderson says it makes him look hideous.
Donavon had often said that, in the end, Sherlock would be making the bodies. He had disagreed. John had disagreed even more. Now Sherlock must be content that neither of them had to clean up his mess.
“Hooray,” she said, so bitter it must taste like denatonium on her tongue.
That fact feels wrong but also things are
told him
“That’s my fault, too,” Sherlock said, that time as if he was just realizing it, and he was. “That was my fault because I was too good at it... but I
He was not able to go more than ten minutes without mentally commenting upon John unless his mind was
“We can’t be friends?”
He still hasn’t properly categorized it, Sherlock’s or his own or what their relationship is, now, exactly. Partners is good. Partners is newly good although not... complete, somehow. Exceptionally Exceptional, he thinks, grinning to himself. He kisses Sherlock even though Sherlock doesn’t deserve it and has just undone a week’s worth of tidying in about four minutes searching for what he promised he wouldn’t have.
Sherlock didn’t see them when he was thirteen, or fourteen, or fifteen. When they came back they were most apologetic and took him on a very lovely trip to all kinds of times of London, but when he returned home the following week (the wrong week, he completely missed Mycroft’s birthday, but then so did Mycroft) and he listened to the blue box melt away, he wondered. He wondered if they
She imagined that his thoughts where rolling around in his skull like their daughter was playing in her womb, that sudden brief stroke of other-flesh against the inside of her skin, and that it would suddenly ripple through
Sometimes when he wakes up he can tastes blood. He assumes he bites his tongue when he’s asleep but he’s never sure.
John is still holding tightly onto his hair, bracing him back. His fingertips trace the roots of Sherlock’s hair, checking, and he makes a satisfactory noise. And then John lightly strokes his eyebrow. It is a curious sensation. It feels indescribably close. John has to lean over him, to do this properly, and Sherlock can feel John’s exhale, John’s breath against his own lips, can catch the air currents as they travel, can imagine the distance between. When John nudges him forward, back to his original position, he instead feels the breath on his neck, like he’s waiting, but Sherlock doesn’t know for what, and it’s cool, cold in the dye, and John strips off his gloves (Sherlock can hear the snap) and gently takes Sherlock’s head in his hands and rolls it around his neck, checking his work. He does this leaning far over the chair. Sherlock is almost too tall for him anyway. John has clearly been successful, as there is a happy
Sherlock stared at him for a long moment. And then gathered the note and his phone, his scarf and gloves and coat, pulled back on his impenetrable layers and left Lestrade there.
At one point John had returned to their room, in the abandoned house they were staying in, and washed in the bucket, but it was difficult and so he didn’t quite get everything, and he’d had a busy morning, out for Sherlock, and after he’d cleaned he’d laid down next to Sherlock, and buried his face into Sherlock’s neck, and then his teeth, and Sherlock was helping John out of shirt when he found the blood on his arm that John hadn’t washed off.
In an attempt to regain control he recounted what had happened. This was what one did in emergencies, to localize the important information and calm nerves. So in the past half an hour, he had most definitely cheated on his wife, physically (emotionally, he’s not going to analyze right now, because the answer was so darkly guilt-inducing he
I’m touched by your concern - JW
"You are the skull. Kneel and unzip me."
"Uh huh," says John, arms crossed.
John wasn’t sure what to say to that.
). “Do you...er...”
“You meet her, and we’ll see how we all three get along and... and what you think of the baby and... oh!” John grabbed his wallet from his back pocket and pulled out a photograph for Sherlock to see. He considered it carefully; it was obviously a sonogram of the child.
“Just you wait,” he’d said, and John agreed that they should have Sherlock over, as soon as possible. Maybe that weekend.
interesting man in a deal, who knew something about the drug trade and quite a lot about trafficking women into England. She was his quickest way to him. For the information, they’ll let her off on the possession (or so he can convince Lestrade). He was not interested in her, particularly.
. That was a decisive win so quick he spun to cope. So quickly it was even suspicious. John’s face held a look he couldn’t even understand.
Lestrade had seen Sherlock cry before, for cases. His eyes would fill and his chin quiver and he would look just awful. This was different. His face was blank. There was a pulse in his neck beating. He looked more miserable than anyone with an expression possibly could.
“You haven’t slept well since Davies found those two infants in the dumpster.”
Still on date? - SH
and then he fully realizes what John said.
One might assume Sherlock is the same way, looking at the disorder of the living room that is essentially, almost wholly his: the post slid everywhere and the tobacco in the slipper and paper pinned to walls and coffee mugs with colonizing mold. But his mess is incidental. Things come, and things go, and it doesn’t really matter to Sherlock. He keeps what he needs, for the cases, notes, objects only preserved if there is untranslatable information in them. The rest of his life flows through and away, treated like his data, precious until useless and then casually, heartlessly deleted. He has his pinned bat and old jack knife and the antelope skull with its headphones (John
they were a couple and Sherlock seemed to have no concept of personal space and was practically having eye-sex with him all the time, it was the case that Sherlock had no interest in actual sex, or dating or generally, well, interacting with people. So John set his shoulders and drank a lot of tea and ignored it, like any proper English bloke.
“Okay, brother. If it’s my support you want, you have it. I’m a happy aunt whatever happens. And I’m a happy sister as long as you’re happy. But I want you to ask yourself about
John immediately helped her into the sofa, giving her hand a comforting squeeze and checking for any signs of distress. She mouthed a
John thinks about that. He thinks about it all day, while he washes the dishes and starts a new post for the blog and makes a shopping list and doodles on it.
“These things get people hurt when someone says “it’s all over, that was all in the past,” and it’s not. John, you... I was worried about you, too, for a long, long time. So I don’t know how you feel now. I don’t. But I might suspect. And I
”) Mary made sympathetic noises and just said, “next week then”. Occasionally she’d sigh for John, and tell him he really needed to go
I’m in the kitchen!! - JW
Wasn’t it. - SH
He closes the whole block of tabs and stares at his keys.
As if
Instead he just said, “No. Really, truly, no,” and kissed her forehead. Her hair smelled like peach shampoo and he kissed her again. She smiled and stroked his knuckles with her thumb, nodding that she understood, that she took him at his word.
They hit another lull.
when that other person just tells you “I need tea immediately, and for you to leave me alone for the next three hours,” and
“Not for you. Never for you.”
“Yes. This is about her now.” She brushed her hair back, redid the bun. “John, would you let Sherlock be alone with her? With our child?”
Mary set her fork down calmly.
“Wonderful! For you and him
, but that was it too – if you played games you could recognize other game players (and Sherlock was obviously a grand master), but because John didn’t, you couldn’t tell if he was doing things genuinely or for an aim, or if he was even aware of the difference at the moment. And anyway he was almost always genuine. And anyway there was something in him below that he hid from her and they both knew it but had never said so. And Mary had assumed, war, and gone on with things. A mistake: conclusion without sufficient data. Sloppy,
I’m on my way. Please contact if safe. - SH
She did actually have several theories, but most of them were awful.
“I never wanted to.” He leaned forward, to whisper into John’s ear. John could move back. He didn’t. “Not for a minute. I know you think - I know you thought I put Moriarty first, the game, my career. I didn’t. I won’t. You. You are what is most important.”
“Oh you have nothing to worry about, John, the shirt wasn’t actually see through. It was only because of the contrast against your skin that I could see it. Even so, your build is nothing to be ashamed of.” Was Sherlock flirting with him? John thought. Well, it wasn’t completely out of the realm of possibility. “Can I continue, or do you not care about the rest of my deductions?” Sherlock asked, completely unaware of the butterflies his words had hatched in John’s gut.
“I said I’d dance with you if you told me five correct things about me, and you told me five correct things about me.” John said, moving towards the dance floor.
“No, Sherlock! Absolutely not!” John hissed, trying to keep his voice low so as not to be over heard. The guests were all dancing or talking, and Sherlock had tried dragging John into the temporarily empty house. “The first time I make love to my husband is
Clocking out was bitter sweet, because the relief of being done for the day didn’t come without the knowledge that he would have to repeat the whole thing tomorrow. He ducked into the staff washroom before leaving; better to pee here than to step one foot into the public stalls down the hall.
“Hello again,” he said without looking to the boy.
He pulled his heavy coat on over his shoulders and let himself be swept up into the faceless stream of pedestrians meandering down the grey sidewalk, surrounded by repeating brick buildings and the smell of petrol. If the twenty minute bus ride in was loathsome, it was really nothing to be compared to the infuriating, nearly humiliating way that he would spend the next eight and a half hours of his life: working retail.
Sherlock cut him off, suddenly feeling more like his old self than he had in a while, and overwhelmed by it. “I’m only saying that because if you did have a lot of friends already, then you would be able to tell, probably, that I wouldn’t make a very good one. Or perhaps you wouldn’t, I can never quite figure out how much goes on in dull people’s brains.”
“How could you have possibly known all that, though. I mean—you must have looked me up, or talked to one of my friends…”
‘Those things’ll kill ya’ he heard his own voice say, and it made him smile cooly, taking a long drag on his cigarette as if out of defiance. Sherlock two years ago had considered smokers the scum of the earth because couldn’t they see just how bad for you the filthy habit was? Sherlock two years ago hadn’t felt the things that Sherlock now had felt. Sometimes, being the scum of the earth was his only retribution. What his parents would say if they could see him now.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say, he had never been good at small talk, so he replied with, “You don’t have many friends, do you?”
“Didn’t, actually. Had a right awful time. How’d you guess that one?”
“A few, yeah.” The boy smiled good-naturedly, and turned his torso towards Sherlock. “John.” He stuck his hand out for a shake. "But perhaps you already knew that.”
“Sherlock.” Sherlock shook the other boy—John’s—hand, but made sure to keep the contact to a minimum. “And I hadn’t deduced that yet, actually.”
Twenty minutes of this every day. One hundred minutes by the end of the week, two hundred if you counted the ride back as well, (which of course you should—it was just as mundane). So, two hundred hours per week that Sherlock was forced to sit on public transit. A complete waste of his abilities—someone only half as smart as he was could have solved many of the world’s problems in that amount of time. Sherlock loathed being locked, Wi-Fi less and unoccupied, on the same damned bus.
“What do they normally say?”
The boy had wrapped an arm protectively around his middle, and had a bewildered expression, but the words that came out of his mouth were the last thing Sherlock had expected to hear.
The day went like this: stock the shelves with scratchy jeans and flimsy sweaters. Refold flimsy sweater pile after hoard of teenagers walk through. Sell two pairs of scratchy jeans to middle age woman and her pouting teenager. Clean out the fitting rooms and return items to their correct places with either the flimsy sweaters or scratchy jeans. Tell his boss he’s going on his lunch break, disappear to smoke out beside the trash cans.
He almost sat in the lap of someone.
His head still ducked down over his chest, Sherlock unfurled the paper ceremoniously, dragging his eyes over the blocky letters. Accompanied by a phone number was a message:
Sherlock ignored his phone alarm when it went off. No one would notice if he took a few extra minutes to finish his smoke. He pocketed his cigarette box and lighter, digging his last piece of gum out of the fold of his apron and setting it onto his tongue.
And then there was his jacket. The last remembrance of the life he had once lived, his jacket was British made and tailored to fit his every curve, or at least it had been two years ago. If he hadn’t chosen such a plain colour, he wouldn’t be able to get away with wearing it still. Luckily, unless one looked up close, or was incredibly up to date with expensive British Clothing Brands, the jacket looked just the same as one he could have bought from even the store he worked at. God forbid he ever sank to that level.
“Oh, really, I would love to tell you how I deduced it. All from looking at you, clear as day. But this is my stop. Good day.” Sherlock stood to his full height and sauntered off the bus. He didn’t spare so much as a glance backwards. No one had to know how desperately he hoped the boy would be on the bus again.
The yellow light fixture above him reminded him more of something you would see in someone’s house than in a low-end retail store washroom. It was stained glass and had a pretty diamond in the center of it.
Not bothered enough to try and play it off as anything cooler, Sherlock side-stepped one seat to the left and sat again, this time successfully into a vacant seat.
John frowned. “I’m not too bad off, actual-”
John. Sherlock wasn’t sure how or when, but somehow he had written the note up when Sherlock wasn’t watching, and slipped it in his pocket before leaving.
“Piss of,” Sherlock said, and they both chuckled.
Of course, this wasn’t the first time Sherlock had noticed the light. It also wasn’t the first time he had looked at himself in a mirror, but that caught his eye as well. His dark curls were unruly and nearly covered his eyes, but he couldn’t be bothered to pay what he would make in three hours to get them cut, so he ignored the whole thing. His eyes were framed by dark circles and his pink lips were terribly chapped, probably something to do with the amount, or lack thereof, of water that he drank. Why buy a bottle of water when Redbull is cheaper from the vending machine, and also means that he won’t have to sleep that night?
“Hello again. I suppose you worked out exactly where I would be so you could see me again?”
“That was amazing”
John leaned away from Sherlock, offended, and Sherlock quickly tried to backtrack. “Oh it’s not like that, practically everyone is dull. That’s the better sort of being. Fat lot of good it’s done me being one of the smart ones. And you seem rather interesting for a dull person! You’re not well-to-do, so that’s good. Shows grit. And you’re kind. Bit naive and unconfident, yeah, but that’ll get better with time.”
Twenty minutes alone on a bus. Twenty minutes to reflect back on all of his failures and downfalls that had resulted in this. What good was the tortured genius who wasn’t even smart enough to keep a single friend around? Sherlock shoved his hands into his pockets and hung his chin down towards his chest. The pads of his fingers made contact with a thin, soft corner-y thing in his pocket that he was certain hadn’t been there before.
He almost sat in the lap of the boy from the bus that morning.
“Thanks for that, mate.” Said the boy breathily. “It means a lot. Actually, my leg—”
‘Rough day at work? Send me a message when you feel capable of talking without sounding like a complete nutter.’
He entered the store—clothing retailer, cheaply priced shirts and pants that followed all the teen trends but that lasted a week at most before they began falling apart—as a customer would. He relished the few seconds as he made his way from the entryway to the back of the store that he was just like anyone else. It wasn’t until he donned his purple apron, tied three times to fit around his slim waist, and his name badge that read ‘Sherlock H. at your service!’ that he would be distinguishable from the other teens and weary young adults who wandered sleepily through the isles.
Too quickly, he found himself clocking in to start the shift. He had, back when first starting the job, made an effort to smile at the customers and contort both his face and voice  into the sort of high-toned, bright eyed robot that his bosses seemed to inhabit. The facade had quickly lost its charm. Sherlock nowadays couldn’t be bothered to put that much effort into his job; they weren’t going to fire him over it, and he had no real interest in ever being promoted, so for perhaps the first time in his life, Sherlock accepted mediocrity in himself.
“...That’s not what people normally say.” Sherlock’s voice was less sure than it had been a moment before.
The lady with the dry hair whose husband cheated on her every time he ‘went to the gym’. The old man who owned three little dogs and who ate the same thing for dinner every single day. The man and the woman who had recently suffered a rather messy breakup and who now spent the bus ride glowering at each other from either end. Boring. Too easy. Sherlock threw his head back against the glass in desperation. In two more stops, he would be done. Another twenty minutes hopelessly wasted. Time was money, and he was burning up fifties by the second.
For dinner, Sherlock lit another cigarette as he walked the route back to the bus stop. The wind had picked up, and he enjoyed the feeling of the bottom of his coat billowing out behind his knees. He passed by a school bus stopping to let out a few uniform-clad teens, weighed down by backpacks no doubt carrying too many textbooks and notebooks. That had been Sherlock once upon a time. Not in the school bus—he had never even known a school bus to drive down the road he had lived on—but a boy keen on learning, messily devouring each new fact and formula, easily committing it all to memory. Researching the top universities, planning ahead to a bright future.
Ah, yes. The most glamorous part of his job was undoubtedly the thirty minutes per day that he spent sitting in the three-slit white plastic chair blowing clouds of tobacco smoke out at the empty back parking lot. Hardly anyone ever bothered him—the mall was unpopular, and even the actual stores and areas where it didn’t smell of trash were often vacant.
The boy smiled gratefully, a similar expression to the one he’d given the bus driver, and slumped into the seat beside Sherlock.
“Not a guess,” explained Sherlock, “A deduction. Your shoes have been retied recently, but your socks have stayed on, obviously from when you wore the skates. Your hair is flatter than it was this morning, from wearing a helmet.” Sherlock lifted one hand to dust something white and cold off of the boy’s shoulder. “Biggest giveaway, though, is that there’s still ice stuck to your jacket. Had a fall?”
He ran through the elements of the periodic table as he refolded the flimsy sweaters. He mentally listed off the main events of Vlad the Impaler's life as he rang a line of colourfully dressed girls through the till. He counted all of the different ways that he could murder his coworkers using only items found in the store as he swept up. By the time he had half an hour left of his shift, Sherlock had resorted to daydreaming, which he considered pitiful and saddening, but which he sometimes permitted anyways when there was truly nothing else to occupy his maddening brain by.
Surrounded by the same damned people, too. He had had them all figured out within minutes of laying eyes on them, and ever since was hopelessly bored without even his deductions to entertain him.
“Right. Bye, Sherlock.” John shook his head ever so slightly, in the way that a parent might shake their head while watching their child make the same mistake over and over again. He leaped off the bus when it stopped, and was gone in an instant.
Sherlock couldn’t believe how good it felt to tell John all of this, to talk about his past, to talk about rehab. He had never talked to his parents or Mrs. Hudson about his time there – not for lack of trying on their parts – but with John it all came rushing out, and Sherlock didn’t mind. He actually liked it, it was like a weight lifting off his shoulders. Once he started, he didn’t want to stop. John listened, he understood, he didn’t judge, and he forgave Sherlock his abominable behavior – along with the understanding that he not
– don’t hold back,” Jack moaned, leaning back and impaling himself further onto Sherlock’s finger. “I can –
“Please, you’ll never take a cab on your own and it will take forever you to get there on the tube or a bus at this hour. I’ll just be stuck waiting around for you there.” Sherlock huffed.  “No, it’s better if we just go together.”
“That-a-boy!” John laughed. “And trust me, it’ll all be worth it.” At least he really hoped it would all be worth it.
Sherlock rode with Lestrade and Evans, not wanting to waste a moment, and Mrs. Holmes agreed to meet them at the Watson house. As he slid into the back seat of Lestrade’s car, Sherlock found a folder laying next to him. After catching her eye in the rear-view mirror, Sherlock began reading as they drove off.  It was a copy of tech’s findings after examining the phone. He didn’t know whether to be relieved or frustrated to find they found nothing. No suspicious calls or messages from unknown numbers, no strange pictures or web searches, nothing. There were nine unread text massages, the five he send throughout the day the day before at school, the one he asked Molly to send, and three Sherlock doesn’t fully remember sending late the night before, begging John to be okay, telling him he missed him, begging him to come home safe. There were also the three missed calls made when trying to locate the phone in the square. So much of John’s activity centered around Sherlock, his last outgoing call was to Sherlock late Sunday morning, calling to tell him to check his texts and that he was outside. The last text was to Sherlock, right after they both left for home:
It’s four in the morning. - SH
He blew off the drink and the appointment and went back to Bart’s to finish the lividity test and by the end of the day appraised events differently. It was fortunate, to have met this very
“Sherlock...” The miracle was closing. The light in John’s eyes was growing dim. Doubt was creeping back in. “Sherlock,” he whispered, “I don’t know that you really understand, what you’re saying.”
“No.”
sleeping.
What? - JW
care, because he was as close as Sherlock had ever let someone get even if it was still in the outer regions of a vast labyrinth with something dark and slinking at the center that devoured and crumbled what could have been growing. John told himself his affection and care and –  and love, it was still hard to say that, he had to spit it out like a seed in the corner of his teeth, he still couldn’t look directly at it – he told himself it would be enough to sustain them both.
John continued to drink.
. I know
His parents made jokes all the time that he couldn’t understand. He hated not understanding. He learned what kind of jokes his father wouldn’t get, that made his mother laugh, and that was a pleasant revenge.
Making cheese. Borrowed two bats, explain later. - SH
“I know that it was hard on you John,” he said quietly, “and that my imagination of it is likely insufficient but... but my three years haven’t been pleasant either.” He swiftly unbuttoned and removed his shirt. He knew, when John’s eyes widened, that he was surprised (some) hurt (very) concerned (the most) by the changes, that he was cataloguing the injuries new and old, examining what must still ache and what had healed over, and that too despite everything John thought he
Sherlock opens the door.
John hugged her goodbye and grabbed a cab, thrumming with excitement, his leg bouncing all the way back, the bad leg with the ache now gone.
each other, you idiot.”
Not that weekend.
Damnit I fell for it - JW
There is, instead, something complicated happening. Up until the moment, there was nothing, a smooth roll of persuasion and material-gathering and instructions and John rolling his eyes at the instructions. Sherlock sat down and leaned forward and braced for the cold gel and then…
John stared at his ring. It was still on his finger. He didn’t know when to take it off. Or what to do with it. Or how.
“He and I… Well. We’re in a relationship.”
Sherlock reconsidered how smoothly the right conclusions were collecting.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said pleadingly, and took his own seat. “I’m honestly very worried.”
It was uncalled for - JW
Pansexuality had been, he decided, not so different from demisexuality as to list it separately.
He’d missed seven texts from Sherlock.
The lock definitely wasn’t hard for him to break into - JW
Clearly this doesn't help matters.
Mike cheerily updates John on the family while they drain their lagers away. John is happy to hear it all. He eats a handful of peanuts because they’re there.
Tell Lestrade he left it in his desk drawer. - SH
Tchaikovsky. - SH
No, John had said.
“No. No. God no. Not even if you were the last person on earth.”
unfairness. Because I get it, okay! I see what I’m supposed to do here! I see how much you two
It’s simple neurobiology, Sherlock would have said. People experience a deep bonding sensation in dramatic situations; the danger is arousing. There was a study with a bridge – no. The bridge was John putting words in Sherlock’s mouth (
“We’re visiting next week. Don’t tell her.”
He wishes they were still applying the dye, that he still had John’s hands on him. He moves slightly at the thought, shoulders bracing, and John frowns.
She wasn’t wearing a wedding ring, which, judging by the tan lines and loosening of her shoe laces, was recent and due to water retention. Still she clutched her fingers together to feel the familiar press of gold into skin. Her throat worked.
No. I’m trying - JW
people can sleep, he wailed.
But thank you - JW
“You’re still in love with me.” Sherlock announced this as if he had just grandly deduced it. “And I’m still in love with you.”
John spends a lot of time online. Probably too much, although he justifies it as part of his job, now that he’s (somehow) gone from picking up shifts at the clinic to being Sherlock’s biographer and... partner. (“Now there are two consulting detectives,” he had joked one night, and Sherlock had said, “Please, John, we know that at very best you provide 40% of the work,” which was 40% true and 100% completely irritating. He does the maths wrong in his head because he knows that would annoy Sherlock.)
Sherlock had no intention of quitting his work.
Really the least of my concerns with this - JW
"I'll always have you," Sherlock growls, tightening his grip on John's wrists braced pleasurably painfully at John's back. John groans and bares his throat for Sherlock's teeth.
One too many horcruxes. - SH
There’s a moment of quiet. Then John says, with a lilt of panic in his voice, “Sherlock, we don’t have to-”
But Sherlock swings back in and the correction cannot be made. John’s not sure how to correct it anyway.
Sherlock are you awake? - JW
And? - SH
) John, perhaps, had a rosy view of things. He perhaps let the emotional resonance wash over and wash away more clear-headed thinking. Because that’s who John was, he felt, he felt things (up to a point, but then Sherlock had swept past that point and nestled himself into the innermost parts of John without comment, certainly without invitation, certainly by request). It was Sherlock who calculated coldly and slid around the metal beads of his mental abacus until he was satisfied with the logic of the situation and if there were feelings to weigh emotions were something that happened around Sherlock, maybe sometimes
Brilliant!! - JW
for each other and how no one can possibly compare and how now that the impossible has happened I’m just supposed to…” She looked at John. “Supposed to step aside. Not because you asked me, John. Not because you ever would. But because it is just the right damn thing to do and anyone can see that. Even I can see that. And because it’s the
museum, don’t be daft, John.”
, Sherlock could at least appreciate it, and not startle at John or hide in the walls like a ghost.
the one giving up everything here. He doesn’t want to be a husband and father and care about the domestics, but it’s worth it to him, to be with me, and so that’s one huge sacrifice he’s making, and Mary is making an enormous sacrifice, and Madeline is making an enormous sacrifice, and all of that in service to my selfish needs, so I’m the one who’s a problem here.”
Right then.
people do? Keep their pointless feelings quiet and suffer so that others don’t have to?”
The third person they find, the fifth murderer they’ve stopped, John has to strangle. Sherlock had shot at him but only hit the leg. He leaves for the strangulation. John does not blame him. It is much harder this way, up close. Sherlock does watch their next kill, forces himself to, the time they’re escaping from a warehouse and John only has a hammer. Sherlock’s knuckles are white. John knows he is watching because he feels he is morally obligated to. John doesn’t feel much about it at all.
. “That is much harder to date,” he said finally. “Perhaps since we first faced Moriarity. Perhaps since the day we met.”
“It’s fuzzy.”
And it tingled, it shocked, it felt like a tight burn, like a quiet groan, it made Sherlock bite his lip in surprise. His fingers tightened on the back of the chair. John squeezed out more dye onto his palm, a liquid pool, a promise, and then his hands curled through together into Sherlock’s hair. Tracing lightly on his skin, like a whisper, chilled electricity running down his spine and up again while John stroked up and down, adding color, rubbing it through. He made swirls in the back. He laid fingertips on Sherlock’s forehead and brushed backwards, adding dye more aggressively now, pulling on his hair, tugging at times, to get in deep, but not cruelly, gently, just with necessity. And as suddenly buzzing and alert as Sherlock was, sitting straight curled up like an arrow about to spring, he felt also very indulgently relaxed. His eyes fluttered closed and he just felt John, just rolled in the touch, in the pattern of sway and tug, in John slipping through his hair and coating on dye and laying curls flat. His fingertips brushed against Sherlock’s ears. There was this spot, behind his ear, which if touched lightly made him shudder, uncontrollably, and he does now when John traces gently around.
“Oh, of course you do. But... but children aren’t an experiment. They’re not something you can un-decide on.”
At least tired of being one who worked alone.
. A stranger who’s, who’s,
Sherlock isn’t a memento person.
life. And if you could get it all sorted I could go back to concerning myself with plebeian things like my
THE RED LID. THE GREEN LID IS FINGERS - JW
He still went out with women 1) to get over it, 2) to enjoy their company, 3) it was fun, and 4) they bloody well chased him down.
“Wait,” Sherlock says, when John closes his eyes. “Turn the water back on.”
Sherlock I am going to kill you - JW
There is something happening here. He knows that. He runs through the ideas, again, incorporating the new data. His brain answers,
It was the first real surprise of Sherlock’s life and he absolutely loved it.
John would get this slow deep smile reaching out of his heart, sneaking onto his face and grinning like a new sun.
It was very subtle, as a child, barely there; people were just fond of him, without being able to say why. He was very trustworthy. He was given free candy all the time. He was picked as the kiss-ee in playground challenges.
“A bit of old habit. I’m sure you’ve heard John’s theatrical renditions of our – John, did you-”
“No,” Sherlock answered, while John shook his head.
You call me an idiot all the time - JW
They both noticed his hesitation.
So they tried. Again. They moved into the same flat and had the same adventures and Sherlock had the same annoying habits and played the same beautiful songs and John read the same books and made the same tea and nothing was the same.
But he grew into it.
“Because I love you, you idiot.”
Sherlock, with great eloquence, says, “What?”
That was the polite way of putting it.
Our couch. - SH
“I think Sherlock could love someone without being attracted to them,” she whispers back. She is whispering even though Sherlock is in the hallway, texting. This is probably wise.
“Just this once I’ll let you in.”
I am drawing the line Sherlock and the line is at kittens - JW
He cuts off.
Let’s start with you cleaning the shower - JW
isn’t over you, John.”
“I’m going back to 221B,” he announced to Harry. “I’ll think about those things. They’re important and I appreciate your advice. But right now I need to be with him.”
“I really want you to quit,” he says, when Sherlock looks like a nicotine patchwork quilt. It’s not even for the case. He’s just bored.
Fuck, John realizes, I
like this, but close - play out, and it’s always the same, and I don’t want to see that poor women get hurt. Or you, for that matter. Or Sherlock. And I’m worried about him, John, I really am. He’s... he’s like he was before he met you, only worse.”
“I’m sorry, Mary. I’m so sorry, I know I should’ve - there’s no excuse, I just...”
The question was what John felt.
discover this?”
“That’s wonderful,” his father had said, “I knew you’d find it.” And he was very proud.
“By doing so. It’s not terribly complicated, Davies, perhaps if you –”
“Well, three insights. Freebie: you’re feeling very shocked right now so don’t take your mopetastic sudden insights as something important, okay, once the deep emotional waters of John Watson settle you’ll know what’s right for you.
by one person.
John sank into his chair. “No. It’s not like that.”
“Problem?” Mike asks, when their glasses are refilled and set in front of them.
John Watson can go be with his Sherlock Holmes and then Madeline and I can just…”
The hot water sinks into his hair. John lets it rinse first, rinse and rinse, and then must turn the water up and now it borders on the too-hot that is pleasure and the too-hot that is pain. His hands return to Sherlock’s hair, pulling from roots. Water splatters down. John shapes and tugs, shaking the red out, and it’s harsh, it almost hurts, but the pain has tightened something in Sherlock and he leans into it. His skin tingles and when John says, “lean back” or, “to the right,” he instantly obeys, shows off by guessing where John needs him next, listens perfectly. John’s hands are on him and when he lightly brushes Sherlock’s neck Sherlock moans.
Now she wondered if Sherlock had
Sherlock obediently picked up her glass, after he looked at John and John had nodded yes with a glum, broken impression, and she walked out, and left him behind.
John was already handing him the pepper.
“You don’t seem extremely sure about that.”
Sherlock had been a flurry of kindness when she’d rounded the counter; John leaning back away from him, and Mary politely pretended she didn’t notice. Sherlock offered her the flowers and introduced himself and said he was delighted to meet her, that he’d heard
“I enjoyed it to.” He can hear the warmth in John’s voice. “Hadn’t thought to use
“Since I left?” he snapped.
I’m missing you right now. - SH
John couldn’t answer that.
“Yeah. Uh.” He exhaled loudly, jigging his leg, which still did cramp up, at times. “Last night. That’s why I was home a bit early.”
Meet me at scene. The lions were stolen. - SH
John Watson, perhaps worth the accident.
“Yes.”
Lestrade has case. - SH
After four days in hospital he returned to the flat bruised and sore but victorious. Sherlock had thrown his bags on the floor and immediately flopped into his sofa, pushing the laptop lid open with relish. John had gone to make tea, and came back and handed a cup to Sherlock and then sat down in his chair with his tea in front of him, untouched.
It was a very quiet
He drummed his fingers on the table. “I know you’ve deduced what I’m thinking about.”
The face that John made was beautiful. Sherlock wished he had some way to record it besides memory. It was the most lovely bloom of surprise and Sherlock knew,
John quiets it and leans over Sherlock to turn on the shower. It splatters cold and then hot, and then John is standing over Sherlock, one leg braced on each side, and he tells Sherlock to keep his eyes closed.
We need milk. - SH
John slammed the cup down, making the table rattle and several peanuts roll off. “For fuck’s sake Harry, I called you here to comfort me, not to yell at me.”
“Oh,” she said. “From the dead?”
Sherlock didn’t say, at least I know who my father is. But he thought it. And Mycroft knew that.
for years with John, that Sherlock must know John better than she did. That perhaps she had only wife-wisdom separating them, and that,
When he’d first met Sherlock he had felt like he was tasting fire and ice; so cold that it burned, so blazing hot that it melted, melted through the careful layers he’d constructed like paper barriers in the chambers of his heart. When he first met Sherlock he’d felt dizzy and electric and swept up and swept away. And riding on his coat tails was still faster than he could walk himself (limp himself, but Sherlock had cured that too, had put the run and the blood back in him after it’d leaked out in the desert sands and the streets of London).
Sherlock stood outside the library and took out his phone and sent two messages to John. They were simple but he knew John would get the point.
“Shut up.”
John has a breakthrough. Epiphany must be catching because it comes, like some of Sherlock’s, from something totally disconnected to the mystery at hand. He is dusting the bookshelves - one of the other changes, in becoming Sherlock’s full-time blogger, is that he has an awful lot of down-time inbetween the weeks he can’t spare a second to breathe. He hasn’t quite settled on a hobby so to keep his hands quiet he cleans a lot. No one can even notice. This day he’s dusting and he finds a copy of Verne.
him, if he made these
You’re reading Harry Potter! - JW
“No,” she said, “no no
His father had always told him not to trust coincidences.
“Of course not.”
Haha I’m sure Lestrade will find it amusing - JW
I will be home to remove them back downstairs after Molly finds me an ear. - SH
“I thought I should get my things,” John said, pulling down two mugs. He had to reach even further to get one of Sherlock’s, and blow off the dust. This distracted him sufficiently, and he was perhaps far enough away anyway, to not notice the tiny steadying inhale Sherlock made when the sharp cruelty of it bit his throat. “Since I was here anyway,” he continued. He had not turned around. “Why am I here? I mean - I mean not that I wouldn’t, but it seemed urgent.”
was changing every day, from one person to two, two people with one body and the second unknown and quickening. Naturally, with a new marriage and a baby on the way they must sometimes clumsily bump into each other as strangers, like paper dolls. And John now had his old best friend returning from the grave. That was going to confuse anyone’s time of it. She knew they were talking, quite frequently, but not in person: brief messages passing like ships in the night. She knew if she mentioned the name of Sherlock John would flinch, looking suddenly guilty, or angry, or concerned. And sometimes she spoke the name – it became
“You solve crime.” John goggled at him. “Of course you solve crime. It’s like you’re a hero right out of a Christie novel.”
“Sherlock, if you would now place the ring on John’s finger.” At this Lestrade stood up and hurried to give them both their rings.
As the weeks wore on after that Sunday in the library, Sherlock noticed that things between him and John seemed to shift. John would invite him to go to the café with him after class on Tuesdays, when they both had a couple hours free, and Sherlock found himself accepting. They talked for longer and longer after – and sometimes during – their Thursday night lessons. And if they happened to spot each other on campus, they would smile and give a little wave. Sherlock would actually smile and wave at another human being, willingly.
, Sherlock found himself in Molly’s lab at St. Bart’s, trying to identify the unknown substance found in both the victim’s bloodstream, and on the trowel used to sever his carotid, femoral, and brachial arteries. Thankfully Molly was busy preparing samples from some other recently deceased, and stayed out of his way. Lestrade on the other hand – Sherlock second shadow as of late – was sat in the corner doing ‘paper work’, the
“And honestly, we’ve all done reckless things.” John continued. “Hell, I signed up for a war because life got boring after medical school, so who am I to judge.” He sighed.
“Well yes,” Sherlock smirked, lifting his wine glass up to his lips once more, “but that is only because I helped him put up shelves.”
together, so chances were John would probably not have been her type anyway.
Sherlock glared at her.
What few articles of clothing remained were quickly shed, and then… oh god and then it was skin. No separation, no barriers, just skin. Sherlock practically cried as he felt John’s warm, soft skin slide against his, he melted into each of John’s touches. Sherlock wasn’t exactly what you would have called inexperienced; hell, he wasn’t even inexperienced with John, but this? This was different, this was… there were no words to describe what this was.
“Stop trying to insult me, we both know I’m an advanced healer. You’re just scared.”
“Oh pay me no mind, baby brother.”
“Ok, I’m going to chalk this attitude up to you being in pain,” John sighed, “but like hell I’m going to leave you. I’m taking you to hospital.”
“No need to be rude, alright. I wanted to make sure you’re okay.” John sighed raising his hands. “I could have a look if you want?” Sherlock was obviously in some pain, why couldn’t he just accept the help?
“That’s correct sir. John Watson left a note saying he’d run away.”
For a while they just lay there in the quiet, legs entwined, Sherlock with an arm around John’s waist, and John rubbing a hand slowly up and down Sherlock’s back. John was just starting to think Sherlock had finally dozed off, when Sherlock shifted to look up at him, his chin resting on John’s chest, his eyes bleary.
“You make an excellent point, Detective Inspector.” Sherlock said, his eyes never once leaving John’s as he addressed Lestrade. “It’s clear you have everything under control here, so I think it’s about time John and I be on our way back to Baker Street. Don’t you agree, John?”
, full lips parting under his as he deepened the kiss. Running his tongue along the defined cupid’s bow that had haunted him for months, John bit down with just enough force to earn a moan from the gorgeous man writhing underneath him.
The past three months had been the best of Sherlock’s life, and to cap it all off, John had finally agreed to give up his crappy little bedsit – he hardly used it anymore – and move into Baker Street, move in with Sherlock. That’s what the gathering was about, a ‘house warming’ of sorts. It didn’t matter that Sherlock was staying put and John was the only one moving, or that they’d all but lived together for a while already, it was official now, they were official. What they had was real – not some fling, anomaly, or flash in the pan – and Sherlock felt such an occasion deserved to be marked in some way. He fought the good fight, but sentiment won out in the end. He was blissfully happy, and that was all down to John. And if that wasn’t something their closest acquaintances – friends – should know, Sherlock didn’t know what was.
He stayed upstairs for about an hour. He vented his annoyance into a blog entry – then deleted it, it was just meant to be cathartic anyway – he tried to read a few articles he’d bookmarked, then finally settled on doing the ‘meditative breathing’ Ella had suggested he do when thoughts of Afghanistan got to be too much, what he wouldn’t give for thoughts of Afghanistan right now.
“Come on Sherlock” John said, stopping Sherlock before they could exit the main door and step out into the cold January air. “I don’t have a game tomorrow, and this will be the last free Friday until the Championships at the end of the month.”
They wound their way through the small crowd until John spotted a large planter box, and sat down before someone else could take it, pulling Sherlock into his lap as he did.
“Hey, how hungry are you right now?” John asked as they made way towards the road to catch a cab.
“Because John sprained his wrist last Friday, his left wrist. If John had really written this note, the writing should be sloppier, would show the affect of his injury. It wouldn’t look like his normal writing.” Sherlock explained. “And how are you so sure it’s his writing? Just because his father said so?”
*******
“Yeah Sherlock, I’m here. How are you feeling?”
“That was the plan.” John smirked. “The Blue Plaque should be going up on Monday.”
Maybe… maybe there was something he could do about that. “I don’t know if you’d be interested,” Sherlock said, “but maybe once Lestrade lets me back onto crime scenes again, you could come along on a case or two. It’s not war torn Afghanistan or anything, but I’ve always thought of London as a battlefield of sorts.”
“Thinking about…” John prompted.
“I can deal with something physical,” Sherlock continued. “But I find that I’m attracted to everything about you, and not just that I find you handsome, which I do. And not just for everything you’ve done for me since pulling me out of that building, the help with physical therapy, and looking out for me, all the stuff for which I will never be able to properly thank you. It’s all the little things that I would normally ignore, or would annoy me, that I do ignore and that do annoy me when it’s anyone else… When it’s you doing them, I like it. I don’t know when it happened, I don’t know how it happened, but it did. I just feel so much for you, John. Even the times when you do annoy me, I still like it, I still like you. I actually like when you annoy me, as ridiculous as that sounds.”
The Friday after the incident, Molly calls to invite John to dinner with her and Greg, the following evening. Hesitantly, John accepts, not that he lets on about his hesitation. He just has to mentally prepare himself for an awkward evening.
“Of course you would have.” John grumbled, but got up anyway.
“Oh, don't worry, there are all sorts around here,” she said with a conspiratorial wink. “Mrs. Turner’s girls next door are married even.”
John’s chuckle bordered on indecent as – after making quick work of the offending dressing gown – he tugged Sherlock’s legs so they were hooked over his hips, and began trailing his lips up Sherlock’s neck. It was ecstasy.
"That certainly would have saved us both a lot of time and injury.” Sherlock said, eyeing the bandaging around John’s palms.
“True, but they had to figure the police were going to be watching every fence in the city. The rumored owner of a fifteen million quid necklace dies and the necklace goes missing. I’d at least wait a couple months, let the case go cold, before trying to unload it,” John said. “And there’d be no way I’d leave it in my flat. I’d set up some sort of offsite storage beforehand.”
When graduation rolls around, John makes some decisions about the future and Sherlock reacts badly.
The thrusts became faster, harder; Sherlock lifting himself almost completely off John before sinking back down, forcing John in deeper than he thought possible, dragging himself, hard and leaking, against John’s stomach. Their incoherent babble filled the bedroom as they clawed at each other’s bodies, and moaned desperately against each other’s skin. John could feel Sherlock’s muscles start contract around him – they were both barreling towards the edge – when Sherlock repositioned himself, instinctively tightened his thighs around John’s waist, allowing for John to flip them over.
“Where are you hurt?!” John asked, dropping down next to the man, his voice calm and steady from years of experience.
“Knew you’d get us out. Never doubted you for a minute.” John smiled, turning his head to look at Sherlock, sounding much more alert.
“Well I can’t make any promises, it all depends on what you tell me.” John shrugged. “Hey, I’m dying for a cuppa. Let’s go to the café, I’ll even pay if you want something too.”
The missing persons posters and ads garnered some attention, but it wasn’t until Sherlock successful hacked the BBC News ticker to include a notice about John, that things really took off. Every tenth item on the ticker app, on the website, and during broadcasts, read:
This is the last chapter, all that's left is the epilogue to tell us if these two crazy kids can make a relationship work.
If you leave comments and corrections, I'll be your friend for life! (Please, I have so few friends. I'm so alone)
“Yeah, I had an aquatic session or two for my shoulder; mostly just lifting some weights and a few range of motions exercises. What’s so funny?” John asked when Sherlock started to laugh.
Moriarty shows just how far he's willing to go, and has gone, to 'woo' Sherlock. But Sherlock isn't so easily wooed, and he and John plan.
guy? Harry would kick his arse if she could hear him, it wasn’t like same-sex couples were a foreign concept to him after all.
John was still a few streets away from the main road, his thoughts still focused on useless blog entries and horrible living arrangements, when almost out of nowhere a man came barreling past him in a full sprint, nearly knocking John to the ground.
“Come on, Honey. We know you’re upset, and it may not seem like it now, but you have to trust us. We only have what’s best for you in mind.”
“Why don’t we get these to go?” Sherlock suggested when they handed over their mugs to a certain disappointed looking barista.
John saves countless lives, returning sons and daughters, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters, back to their loved ones. This is exactly why John joined in the first place, to make a positive difference, and though he thrives on the action and adrenalin, John always feels that something is lacking. And though he desperately wishes he could forget the reason, he simply can’t.
“You were saying my name.”
“It can be both!” John said as he tore open the wrapping. “It’s… they’re brain scans.” He said, staring down at the framed picture, a confused smile on his face.
“A – a date?” Sherlock interrupted. John wanted to go on a date? With him?
“I identified a murder. I didn’t exactly… solve it.” Sherlock muttered. Perhaps it wasn’t a good idea to start off with his biggest failure. Not really a sure-fire way to keep John impressed, “When I went to the police to tell them what I thought, they just dismissed me. Said I was just a kid with an overactive imagination.”
“I’m sure it does, but you’re supposed to apply heat, not ice. It better relaxes the muscles.”
~***~
“I’m sure I make a comfortable cushion,” John sighed, his chuckles subsiding, “but I think your elbow is embedded in my spleen, Bee Boy.”
“Sherlock, Darling, would you stop fiddling with your tie? You’ll get it all loose.” Lydia Holmes said, swatting her younger son’s hand.
“Oy! You’re one to talk, Miss Marple!” Laughs John. “She’s a TV detective. You know what, never mind” He says when met with a blank stare.
Sherlock looked away. “I don’t have anything else,” he mumbled, the uncertainty returned to his voice. “Maybe this wasn’t a good idea.”
“No, no they really don’t. You need something loose with a bit of give, something you can move around it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock didn’t so much hear, but felt as John let out a soft chuckle. “Here, let me borrow your phone for a second.”
“Because I find that I am experiencing exceedingly fond feelings for you, and I’d like to…”
John paused to clutch Sherlock’s hands, bringing them against his chest; Sherlock could feel John’s heart beating steady. “I need you to know how important you are to me, how you’ve made my life better. If I don’t make it, I need you to know how much you mean to me.”
Sherlock sighed and kept his eyes fixed on his hands which were folded in his lap. He found it far easier to not actually look at John while he spoke. “Yes,” he said. “What I said before, it was thoughtless and cruel, and for that I am sorry. I didn’t mean to belittle your time abroad, or your injuries. I wasn’t thinking.”
“… My son… worried…”
Sherlock hummed and pushed back into John’s hand. “Imagined what?”
“Sunday? Um, nothing concrete, no. Why?”
– so do you.” Sherlock moaned. “You can – mo – more.” He canted his hips, trying to take John in deeper.
“I wasn’t planning on it just yet, no.” It wasn’t that late, and John would be damned if he wasted what little guaranteed time he had left with Sherlock.
By the time the nurse had finished her examination, the parents had returned, along with the doctor who conducted his own examination, and Sherlock was made to get back in his own bed. Reassured that John and Sherlock would both make full recoveries, Mrs. Holmes immediately began to gush over John in a way only a mother could.
bed, not with… with
“No,” Sherlock growled, pushing John back to lean against the headboard, “I want you to watch.”
“It’s not him.” Sherlock gasped, breathing heavily. “He’s not John.” He felt lightheaded.
They were having a party; no, a small gathering. What on earth possessed him to suggest they throw a gathering for their closer acquaintances, their friends? Sherlock thought as he settled back in his seat. But no, he knew why. It had been three months since their first date at Angelo’s, three months since he woke up in John’s arms knowing he wasn’t about to lose him. Three months of falling asleep together and kissing each other awake, three months of dates, of dinners, and occasionally dancing – though now that he had John, he had a far more enjoyable method for burning off adrenaline; and they did dance, they danced with no one but each other. But best of all, it was three months of cases and crime scenes.
"Yeah, good.” Sherlock said quietly to himself. “Listen, if you hear from him, will you let me know?”
“No, no I didn’t think you would.” Sherlock hummed, not looking at him
It was quiet for a few long moments, then at the sound of John’s deep exhale, and the sound of a poorly stifled sniffle, Sherlock looked up to see John wiping at his eyes.
