“Now you two just wait here, nice and quiet,” Madge grinned, shoving a washcloth into Dean’s mouth as Ed did the same with a hot pad to Sam.
Brandy glanced up at Dean.  Dean nodded.  She stayed by his side, but gave Jody a more receptive look.
“I did not see that coming,” Dean said softly, his head tipping more with confusion.  “So...the butt-probing alien thing?”
Cas squeezed in anticipation and groaned at the slap to his ass.  It was like a defibrillator to his cock.  “Ohh, yeah,” Cas panted.
What baffled him the most was how interested Cas was in him.  In what he was doing or what he thought about things.  They’d had a ten-minute conversation about toothpaste preference!
Madge huffed her way out of the living room, returning much more happily with the one face all of them had not wanted to see.
“Let’s get Daddy Murphy up here,” Gabe shrugged.  “It’s pointless having this discussion without him.”
“I have a pool,” Zoe notified them, reminding Sam of how her mother, Sue, would grin and tip her chin.
Castiel woke in the middle of the night.  Sam and Gabe were curled up on the brown sofa, heads at opposite ends.  Castiel smirked at the pair of them.  Sam had one of Gabe’s feet cuddled to his chest.  Gabe had an arm wrapped around one of Sam’s legs.  He shook his head, turning the TV off.
“He’s so immature and playful!”  Sam laughed again.  “I’m...not!  I’m like...all work, all business and then he just...  I know what you mean.  He makes me better.  I make him better.  I...” he glanced around the room with a sudden look of worry on his face.  “Where is he?  I gotta fix this!”
“More,” Cas barely managed, clawing into Dean’s back and crying out as Dean took his leaking cock in his hand, stroking fast.
Dean adjusted beneath his touch, moving just a little closer.  Castiel was glad he was laying down.  He was glad his eyes were shut.  He was glad no one was watching.  He shivered a breath out slowly as his hand glided down Dean’s side, feeling the muscles beneath.  Dean gripped his side a little more firmly.  His hand slid down, resting on Castiel’s hip.
Dean was glad to hear the familiar crunch of gravel as he rounded Baby’s rear and opened the trunk.  This had been a long hunt.  And as much as he had grown to love Claire, she was a little more teen drama than he was built to handle.  He grabbed a duffle full of bloody machetes and guns that needed cleaning.  His husband was the most badass hunter around.  And his nursing skills were damn handy to have in the field.  He and Sam were damn good hunters too.  Gabe rarely went out in the field.  He stayed home to take care of Fletcher and did a lot of behind the scenes work to help Bobby keep everyone’s records clean.
Castiel nodded, not sure he should be nodding, not sure he wanted to agree to a next time but feeling quite overwhelmed with it all.  “I gotta...go,” Castiel nodded.
“We found a basement door, well, we’re pretty sure it was a basement door,” Sam said, getting everyone’s attention, “and it had a big lock on it.”
Gabe grinned back at her, following Sam to a booth.  “Figured we better get in here before all the milkshakes were gone,” Gabe joked.
“Austin,” Gabe answered, poking at one of the pink iced cupcakes that looked like it could be on a cover of a baking magazine.
“The Starks live in the big house at the end of Lily Dale.  They tend to...fight a lot.  I heard that they’re separating.”
“So, I think there really is something to the residents talking about missing jewelry.  There is more going on than Mahoney prescribing poor meds.”
“It’s not Lily Dale, Sam,” Dean called, flooring it over a hill in the road, making all of their tummies tickle.
Without a thought, Castiel moved his head back, into the touch.  He exhaled and closed his eyes.  For quite some time, Dean’s hand slid across every inch of his back and neck.  It was hypnotic.  His entire body relaxed.
Dean nodded, watching Sam leave.  Gabe came into the foyer, waving to someone at the door.  Dean shook off his fifty million thoughts about the back of the house, switching to wedding mode as he stepped into the foyer, greeting the bride’s family with Gabe.
“She left for college,” Sam said.  “She was trying to get Dean to see her before she left, but he wouldn’t go.  And she’s too prissy to come to Smitty.”
“So good,” Cas panted, taking Dean’s entire length.  Dean stopped, rubbing his balls into Cas’, making them both moan.
Dean could feel his cheeks blush as he grinned harder, looking down at his shake.  “You know you are.”
Dean gave him an I’ll-get-you-later grin before he plastered a smile on for Garth.  “I’m thinking about it.  Not too sure about this place yet.”
“Touché!” Cas laughed, turning to look right at him, even though he was leaned in close, putting their faces so close he could see every striation of gray in the dazzling depth of Cas’ blue eyes.
Sam nodded.  “I’m smarter than they might think.  I know the system.  And I know that kid needs help.”
“Yeah,” Sully said with a happy, dreamy look.  “Sam’s awesome!  He’s going to make SUCH a good counselor at Charming High!”  His head nodded emphatically; in case his words weren’t expressive enough.
“Hey!” Gabe grinned, answering the call.  “Goodie, goodie gumdrops!  Alright, sounds good.  See you then.”  Gabe hung up, dropping his phone beside him.
“No idea,” Cas mumbled, getting out of bed.  Buddy waited by the door as Cas threw clothes on.  “Today is the Wilson/Talley wedding.  We’re going to need to keep a tight lid on things.  I expect the bridal party to show by noon.  Her mother even sooner.”
“Besides, I baked for two reasons.  One, it makes Dean adorably happy.”  Dean winked back at him as Sam and Gabe sighed.  “And two, I didn’t find anything of use in Wayne’s office, so this, unfortunately, is my only thing to offer.”
Castiel got out, inhaling the fresh air that blew from the woods toward town.  Luc sat on the hood of his car, looking back at Castiel.  He came around the hood, sitting next to him.
Gabe headed to work, walking along Lily Dale Lane with a whistle and pep in his step.  He didn’t want to admit it, but Charming Acres was growing on him.  He liked walking to work, waving to the neighbors, and seeing his favorite group of ladies.
Luc looked at him.  Really looked at him.  “I always knew you were a decent guy, Novak.  Yeah.  I have a job.  If I don’t get fired.”
Dean and Sam exchanged the briefest look and Cas assumed they were excited to have gained entry.  Don led the way through a foyer lined with expensive paintings, marble floors, and a chandelier.  The house was beautiful from the outside, but on the inside, it was the nicest house Castiel had ever set foot in.  Unfortunately for his curiosity, Don’s office was just off the foyer, so they did not get to see more of the house.
Cas gave him a thumbs-up.  Already holding his first thought, that these two were as nosy as nosy Nellie.  But they were helping Deb, so there was some merit in that.
Sam stifled a laugh as Dean froze again, looking quite amused with him.  “Fine.  But you button it, Detective Lowrey.”
Camille glanced around, pulling out of Sam’s grasp as Melanie ran a soothing hand up and down her back.  Cindy Smith went out the door, likely to collect Fletcher, with a painted-on grin and endlessly perked eyebrows.
“Boys will be boys!  That’s what I always tell her,” he chuckled.  “She just blows a gasket every now and then!”  He smiled, nodding.
Dean got up, looking around the room like he was not quite sure where he was.  He grabbed a pair of shorts from the floor, smirking as he pulled them on.
“Okay!” Sam backed up quickly, not wanting to open that particular can of worms with two children that weren’t his own.  “Parents get sad too sometimes,” he attempted to explain.
“You’re right,” Dean amended.  “I take that back.  Then we started heading back and figured out Cas couldn’t get into his room and the couch is...small, and he hated the air mattress, and, oh!  He bought a duvet.  Wait until ya see this thing.  It’s…you’re gonna want one.”
Dean sat down on the bed looking exhausted.  “After what happened on the Fourth of July, I... I just couldn’t...”
He squeezed Cas’ hand and let himself relax.  He turned to Cas and smiled.  “Night, Cas,” he said, like he did every night.
After working him into a frenzy, Dean lifted him off his foot, turning and taking the three steps to the cushion, laying him down and taking on the faster pace they both needed.
He knew Sam was upset.  Hell, he was upset about the situation.  “You know you can’t just go off on those people, right?  It’s not like he has bruises.”
He steered her toward a chair in her room, sad to see her room barren of decorations.  Her rehab for her hip had been going very well and she was headed home at the end of the week.  Her shelves had been removed this morning by her daughter and all the extra pictures on the walls had been taken down.  A box sat on the table; figurines wrapped in bubble wrap.
Bobby leaned forward now, fired up from Rufus.  “Four people died at Sunset Acres.  All in a row.  One every other week.”  He accentuated his points by stabbing his desk with his finger.  “First, they get confused, then they die.  In the meantime, their family gets robbed of any money or heirlooms they got stashed away.  Even locked away.”
“Check for strange tea,” Cas said.  “We have some footage of the Whittakers bringing tea to Doctor Mahoney.   We’re wondering if it isn’t what they’re using to kill the residents.”
“I just don’t want you ending up like Gary.  Or Carl.  Dying and no one believes it’s anything more than heart issues.”
“What?” Dean took the paper Sam was gaping over.  It was a copy of the original deal for the strip mall.  Gary’s name had a red line through it with the phrase ‘knew about W’.  “W?  For Whittaker?  You tellin’ me Lucky Charms is whacking people for knowing something?”
Bobby turned, his gun now pointing at Mahoney, seeing Wayne as little threat.  “Everybody knows nurses are the real masterminds.  Not the doctors.  Specially not you, Doc Kevorkian.”
Later that evening, most of them re-congregating on the front porch, Sam looked up when he heard approaching footsteps.  He was a little surprised to see Bobby out taking a walk.
They all told him about it while the bottle went around.  Castiel got into his pajama pants, brushed his teeth and got onto his mattress.
Dean closed his eyes, fighting his temper to remain calm.  “You just put a huge target on your back, Cas.”  He opened his eyes.  “You know her fiancé is Chip’s nephew, right?”
“Mm.  We got a whole street full of ‘em,” Rufus nodded, eyes darting around the yard.  “Even the miniature sized people.”  His eyes followed the kids, playing some sort of tag game with Sully, without any actual touching.
“No,” Cas grinned.  “Honestly, I find her rather fascinating.    I’ve never been inside what feels like the Saturday Evening Post before.  She made pot roast and spoke about rock-n-roll like it was risqué, which isn’t that odd, but all she listens to is 50’s rock!”
Sam patted his shoulder, staring toward the Carrigan’s house.  “It’s alright.  We know now.  And next time, we’re goin’ all the way.”
“He sure did.”  Dean chewed his bottom lip as he made the left turn and followed the smaller highway road through the dark night.  Little could be seen in the black that engulfed them on both sides of the road.  Only asphalt and tall grass on the edge of the road were lit in Baby’s headlights.  In the rearview mirror, Dean could make out a few lights from the outskirts of Sioux Falls.
“Yeah.  What’s suspenders have to say about all this.  Cuz apparently imaginary friends have boyfriends now.  And get married.”
“Was she one of the silver swans?” Sam asked, grinning through his hurt for him, knowing he had a special group of residents he called the silver swans.  He told stories about them all the time and had taken to buying them little things.
“Fine, fine,” Crowley relented.  “I’ll purchase some jeans and flannels so I can blend in with the yocals.”
Chills followed the slow sweep of Dean’s hand down his back.  He gasped softly when Dean slid his hand beneath his waistband, smiling at the smile he felt on Dean’s lips.
All three of them jumped back when Bobby’s face appeared quite suddenly in their faces on the outside of the window.
Castiel watched with an open mouth as Dean went away from the crowd, taking a side path to head back toward home.
Castiel was buzzing the rest of the night.  He even beat Sam at a round of Mario Kart, which never happened.  He felt more confident.  Braver.  Excited.  Definitely excited to try something new.
“I don’t want you to be here.”  Castiel tried not to scan the room as much as he was.  There was a shirt with blood on it.  He hated it here.  He always had.  “So...am I getting in bed with you?  Or am I dragging you out of here?”
“Dirk.  I should have known,” she snapped.  “Looks like you can sit in detention all next week.  And no attending graduation.  No school events.”
“Oh yeah?” Cas grinned.  Their mouths were close enough.  If Dean got on his feet better, he could kiss him.  “Since you’re being so sweet, you get the couch.”
Very quietly, Cas whispered, “Her name is Donna Hanscum and she’s new to town.  I spoke with her this morning at work and pretty much gave it away that the call was from me.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean sighed, opening the door, and slowly getting to his feet, hands going to his head.  Doug, being douchebag Rambo-cop, circled the car like Dean might sprout wings and escape.  Once Doug was behind him, the cop shoved him down to the hood of Bobby’s car, yanking his arms into the small of his back to fasten handcuffs around his wrists.  “Easy, Rosco P. Coltrane.  I lost a nail.”
Their last night at the beach was a good bit calmer than the others.  While Dean did kiss him for what seemed like all night, and they brought each other again to climax, they spent the wee hours of the morning sleeping, cuddling, and touching.
Cas grinned, his head tilting with endearment as his fingertips smoothed through his hair and traced light lines over the shells of his ears.  He leaned in again kissing him gently, so pleased at the way he kissed back so eagerly, spurring him on to kiss more deeply.
“You -”. Castiel glanced at the stuffed animals.  There were bears of every color.  Not as big as the long, fluffy snakes or giant stuffed sharks.  But it looked softer.  He grinned, imagining it sitting on Dean’s bed.  “You wuv hugs?” Castiel grinned.
“And how many cops is that?  Two?  Three?  Yeah.  That would be my guess.  Makes you wonder what else goes on without being reported.”
Sam glared at the blue and white curtain, hearing Dean chuckling behind it.  “Yeah.  Okay,” he said.  He turned, a slight grin tipping his mouth and flushed the toilet.
Castiel shrugged with a little grin tugging his mouth.  “No idea.  Maybe we’ll go get stoned and rob a liquor store.”
“I know,” he admitted quietly.  But he had not been thinking about college when he stepped into the fight.  He had been thinking about Sam.  And Dean.  “I’ll stay out of trouble.”
“Just a ruse,” Wayne assured.  “And speaking of ruses, let’s be clear here.  You didn’t come here to make a deal.”  He pulled a gun out of his suit jacket, pointing it at them.
“I did,” Gabe said quietly, turning toward her more fully.  “That why you’re here?  Something’s going on, isn’t it?”
Several moments passed.  Castiel heard a few cars drive by.  There was no way out of facing what was happening here.  He turned around with his stomach clenched.
“I think we need to work very quickly,” Cas warned, hating to add pressure to this situation.  “Fred is already taking the medicine that I linked to the deaths of Imelda and Goldy.  His confusion is getting worse.”
Castiel nodded in defeat.  He knew this would happen.  But he wasn’t ready to stop.  A tiny voice inside told him he’d never be ready to stop.  His thoughts raced.  How could he keep this game or whatever the fuck it was, going?  “Maybe I can practice making some moves instead of you...taking charge.”
“Alright, alright,” Dean soothed, pulling him into his chest to hug him and kiss him.  “Let’s take this down a notch.  We can’t both be mad.  The guy might actually lose a head if we team up angry.”  He kissed Cas, grinning.  “You let me do angry.”
Castiel had cleaned his locker out.  His backpack was full of crap that had accumulated all year.  There had been a lockdown at school today, lockers had been searched, and he figured he might as well clean it out.
Dean, the last to join them, came into the kitchen with his nose leading him immediately to the table.  “What’s that?  Who was baking?”
She didn’t LOOK like a werewolf.  But then again, Dean had never actually seen one.  She had a bright yellow sweater on and shirt with tiny floral print.  She looked...wholesome.
He pulled his eyes from Dean’s waistband to his face searching for signs of apprehension or reluctance.
“Ohhh!” Came Madge’s perky voice as she and Ed came into the kitchen.  Smiling.  Creepy freaks.  “And here we thought you two lazy bones were gonna sleep straight through all the fun stuff!”
“I won’t drink,” Dean smirked, he fixed a piece of Castiel’s hair, letting his hand drop to his shoulder and run down his arm.
Dean reached up, running his hand down Castiel’s upper arm.  Castiel fought the gasp in his throat and the urge to lean forward and kiss him.  He was also able to maintain eye contact.  “See, you’re getting better all the time.  Won’t be long until some guy is glaring at me to stay away from you.”
“Castiel,” he fretted.  Gabe and Sam closed ranks around Cas protectively.  Balthazar threw his hands up, his smarmy smile faltering finally.  “I’m very, very sorry.  It was a great mis-judgement on my part.  Cassie-“
“Yeah.  Did welding on the ships in port until I figured out I could make even more money fishing.  Plus, I got paid better because I could haul fish, weld, work on the ship’s engine, and generally stay out of trouble.”
His body calmed, relaxing in his arms again as he stared toward the mountains.  The wind blew soundly, smells of pine and frost on the air.  Time ticked by for only a moment or two before Dean’s hand slid up to grip Castiel’s forearm.  “When you told me you loved me, I didn’t say it back.”
Cas sighed, resting his forehead on his hand gripping the post.  He could hear Dean unzip his jeans.  One hand gripped his hip and he gasped at the feel of Dean’s blazing hot cock slap onto his hole.
“No one DID anything to any of us,” Wayne explained as if Dean were simple.  “They have something we want.”
“Oh that,” Gabe grinned.  Seeming proud that he had made Castiel say it out loud.  “Yeah.  I mean...who cares, right?  If I wanna have sex with a guy, that’s my business.”
“We walked right out the door,” Madge explained, eyes a little too bulging for comfort.  “Dr. Mahoney keeps a check on us.”
Whether Luc had been chased off by Dean or he was just avoiding him, Cas did not see Luc the last two days of school.
Sam sighed, his head dropping back.  “I don’t want a gift.”  Dean had helped him so much.  He helped him through school.  He’d helped him his whole life.  From changing his freaking diapers to walking him to school, making dinners, helping him with homework, ALL the money he’d given him while in college, furniture for their first apartment!  Dean gave all the time.
After a few nights in New Orleans, they were headed straight for Sioux Falls, South Dakota.  When Sam and Gabe said they were leaving Charming Acres, the four decided they needed a new town.  Completely new vibe.  Bobby had suggested they come to Sioux Falls, and since none of them really had a preference other than NOT Charming Acres, they figured, what the hell.  So, by the end of the week, they would meet up with Sam and Gabe and give Sioux Falls a shot.  Bobby said the place was fine, so Dean figured that had to mean it was pretty good.
Sam shrugged.  “It’s possible.  Unless all these people are moving something else through the pawn shop.  But it makes sense to me.”
“How many people at Sunset Fields have died like that, Bobby?” Gabe asked, bringing everyone back to the heart of the matter.
She smiled, leaning against the door with her head on a balled-up sweatshirt.  “I slept and I’m still tired.”
Bobby sighed.  “My wife.”  His eyes dropped to the porch, a faraway look sagging his shoulders.  “Karen.  She was bit.  Infected and turned into a zombie.”
Cas nodded.  “It is.  He seemed like a very nice man.”  Cas remembered yesterday’s questioning of Deb and felt a pang of guilt about it.  He also remembered Gabe saying Wayne thought it was aliens, which was certainly out of the box thinking.  “I understand you think he may have been...abducted.”
Castiel’s wide eyes whited out, his entire body arching off the bed.  He was coming!  Cum shot up his chest and slicked the pressed dicks in a flood of warm, silky heaven.
Cas and Gabe stared at each other with matching tenacity.  If Cas raised much higher, he could wipe Gabe out completely.  Cas tossed two blue chips to the center.  “I call it.”  He laid down a pair of aces, a pair of threes, and a four.
Gabe rolled over on the floor, grinning up at the ceiling.  Besides the mess of bedding he lay in, there was nothing in the bedroom besides their suitcases.  His ass hurt.  And his back.  His arms had gone numb like ten times during the night, but they’d had their last romantic evening at home the night before.  Garth and Bess had let Fletcher stay late so he and Sam could finish cleaning.  And by finish cleaning he meant Sam finally came through with an epic two hours of hot as fuck sex in front of the fireplace.
Castiel opened his eyes seeing Dean under him, mouth open and eyes closed, his lashes spread softly across his cheeks.
Castiel put his hands in his pockets, tipping his head at the unneeded request.  “I don’t care what kind of underwear you wanna wear,” he said quietly.  “What baffles me is how she gets Dean Winchester to blush.”
“Thank you, Sonny!”  Nellie switched gears quickly, though a trace of nervous energy still lingered.  She slid a ten-dollar bill onto the counter and took the items, rushing out the door.
“I’m sure,” Sam grinned, feeling some leftover level of stress melt away.  “You’re right.  This town just wasn’t for us.”
“I as much as handed the sheriff the evidence she needs.  Now we’ll see what she does with it.  Whether it’s incompetence or purposeful, remains to be seen.”
They all moved against the house silently, watching as Mrs. Frieling snuck out the front door, crossed the street, and headed down Lily Dale Lane.
“Where are we delivering him?” Castiel asked, “ya know what, never mind.  We’re taking him to Sam’s.  Looked like they were already having a party.  What’s one more drunken lush.”
A flash of Dean’s past reached right up and choked him.  There had been several times when he had thought of doing the same thing to his own father.  Though he’d never actually done it, there were times he was screaming inside to do just that.  He licked his lips, taking a shaky breath.
“This is gonna work,” Dean insisted.  “I think we have more than enough people involved as it is.  We’ll figure out where the jewelry is going, who’s moving it, and then who they’re working with at Sunset Fields.”
Cas grinned, leaning on the doorframe and shoved one hand in his pocket.  He looked like he was IN a photo shoot.  His jeans were clean, new, stylish.  He wore a button-down rust-red shirt that was open to a charcoal t-shirt.  Hot-damn he looked good.
They all exchanged clueless glances.  “Cas and I will figure it out.  Then we can take it over to her house tonight.”  Cas gave Dean a curious and amused smirk, taking another bite of his burger.  Dean grinned back, looking a little shy about it.
“Nah.  I mean, he did crash it.  Totaled her.  But he was driving some piece of shit truck when he wrecked and died.  Luckily, Baby was sitting at my grandfather’s place slowly rusting to death.”
“What are we gonna do?” Sam asked, giving Dean a panicked look, Gabe dropping three shades into a pasty white.
“Right.  Well, PJ Berman, whose ex-wife lives right there,” he pointed at the Berman house, “just moved in with her.  They were banging before Gary died.”
“Ya know,” Dean went on quietly, “me and you were raised to fight.  Yell.  Tear each other down.  Cas and Gabe were raised differently.  They might not have yelled, but they tore each other apart and got left.  Same shit at a different volume.  All I know is, you deserve to be happy.  And I won’t let you second guess yourself and mess things up for yourself.”
“Naoki and Olivia’s little girl.  Kat.  She just got taken outta here in an ambulance.  It must be pretty serious.  Olivia said she’s been sick and today she had a seizure and now she’s unconscious.”
Gabe rolled his eyes.  “I said, let’s flip this table over and have some lunch.  I’m starved!  And the Whittaker’s casserole is still warm and smells good.”
The door opened with a clunk against the wall.  Sam winced at the doorknob.  “I’ll have to put a doorstop on that.”
Sam pulled the full bag of trash from the bin as Dean picked up the crate they put their recyclables in.  They went out the kitchen door to the outside trash bins, still tossing ideas around about Gary, Deb, Cindy, Don, Maggie, and the oddly high population of imaginary friends among the kids.
“I know, Marion.” Gabe put a calming hand on her shoulder.  She was no longer using her walker, but still looked a bit unsteady on her feet.
“Touché,” Cas chuckled.  “But I was chasing Dean.  If you want to be mad at someone for ditching you, be mad at him.”  He winked at Dean, who suddenly looked twice as interested in the conversation.
Dean stood up, collecting Castiel in his arms, turning and falling onto the bed with him.  Dean kissed him hungrily, gripping his hair with one hand and holding him with the other.
Sam sighed.  “Call it what you want, but I know that’s all dad heard.  Dean, my good soldier of a son is gay.  You shoulda let me go first, Dean.  He already thinks I’m worthless.”
“I’m from Texas.  It’s illegal not to.”  They exchanged a quick grin and Dean could swear he had just fallen in love.
Sam stared as the officer (Doug, Chip’s nephew and also the one engaged to Sheriff Dona Hanscum, who was faking her seat as ‘sheriff’ since she was actually an FBI agent) got into the cruiser, Chip following suit.
Cas met his eyes, their brightness never fading.  “I am so ready for that.  We’re gonna sleep until the cows drag us home.”
“Just a few of us.  But we got some interesting folks coming for the festival.  One guy bends spoons.”
Lunch was better this year by far.  Seniors all had lunch together, putting him with his friends.  He had never felt more comfortable in his own skin.
“God, I love hearing you.”  Castiel kept one hand against Dean’s chest, bracing him while the other worked hard to unravel him.  “I want...oooohhhh, what I really want is to get down on my knees and suck your dick.”
Jo looked disappointed while Ellen looked relieved.  Pam slapped her thigh.  “Unfucking believable.  That’s -” she pointed a red tipped nail to the table, “the hottest things to blow off I-29 in twenty years, and they’re all taken!”
Castiel jerked to a halt, shoving Dean against the house, his jacket fisted in his hands.  “I hope she’s worth it.  Don’t text me.  Don’t call me.  I’m done sneaking around for you.”  He shoved Dean one last time, thankful he did not follow him.
“Thanks, man!” Chuck half cried.  “Why do I do this?  What would I do without you?” Chuck slumped heavily onto Gabe’s side.  Gabe slung an arm around him, patting his head gently.
Nope.  The sun kept shining and sprinklers kept spritzing.  His own smile back in place, he gulped his coffee, regretting it as it scorched the roof of his mouth, tongue, and back of his throat. “Fuck,” he swore, wiping at his mouth and wincing.
Bobby shook his head, his mustache bristling.  “I might as well tell someone,” he said to his friend.  “It’s all bound ta catch up with me at some point.”  He went on, eyes drifting back to the kitchen, “he started pounding on my mom and I jus couldn’t take it any more.  I got his rifle from the corner there, and...”
‘Beaver is calling’ popped up on his screen.  Torn, he gave Marion an apologetic look as he answered the call.
Cas visited them once a month or so, but it never worked out to have Dean there at the same time.  Between Cas’ job as a traveling nurse (which had been international the last year) and Dean being in Alaska and out at sea all the time, their visits had always been separate.  He was glad the two could finally get to know each other better.  It had to happen eventually.  They were family now.
“It is.  I’m gonna miss her.  Sue lives on the other side of Ms. Butters.  She has a daughter, Zoe.  Nice kid, Gertie’s age.”
“You’re doing better, Cas.  Not so...uptight.  Tell ya what.  Next time you want to practice, you make the first move.”
“Oh, yeah, I’m Sam.”  He tucked his wet hair behind his ears, signing the electronic rectangle.  As he handed it back, he noticed that across the street an ambulance was sitting in front of Naoki and Olivia’s house.  He hadn’t heard any sirens, but he’d been preoccupied with his shower.
Castiel knew he wore a look of shock.  Dean met his eyes with a rather steely glare.  Castiel sighed.  This had Gabriel written all over it.
She nodded, sliding down to her feet.  “I’m looking for a priest.  Jody Mills said you could help me find him.”
“Mow the lawn,” Justin grinned.  “And soon we’ll make lots of money renting out businesses in the strip mall!”
Castiel nodded.  He knew Dean’s availability was only temporary.  Choosing to lock that away for later, Castiel cleared his throat.  “Let’s get rock star Chuckie downstairs before some cop rolls by.”
Cas attempted to ask something, trying to choose his words with care.  “At The Roadhouse...did you notice how the people...there was an odd sort of...”
After changing his shirt three times, he came back down to the kitchen dressed.  Sam was making some complicated looking salad with a lot of ingredients.  “Hey Sam, I know you’re gonna tease the hell out of me for this, but you gotta take me shopping.”
Castiel tried to shove all the thoughts out of his head as he chose his character.  “I think it’s great, Gabe.”
He could feel Dean’s back and shoulders through his shirt.  He was a little taller than him.  And broader.
“Stubborn ass,” Castiel and Sam said, exchanging an exasperated grin.  Sam followed Gabe through the crowd.
Dean looked at him and then away quickly.  He dropped onto his back, flipping the light off.  “I guess when someone kisses you like that...it’s hard not to be turned on.  Right?”
“Is it fast?” Castiel asked, stepping closer to talk more quietly and keep it between them.  “I felt like it was too much, too fast.  But I thought I was just being...stupid.”
Sam, Gabe, and he stayed up playing poker on the porch.  When Mary came by for the second time, she made them all go to bed.  Dean had taken the second of the two bedrooms.  Sam was supposed to sleep with him, while he and Gabe took the pull-out sofa in the living room.
Castiel blushed.  But at least he could breathe.  “Dean, I’m not...I don’t want to tell the others yet.  I will!  I just...”
“Let’s see what these scumbags are getting up to.  And if we get an all-clear, Dean and Cas go for it.  Get into the Carrigan’s and see what the hell is in that basement.”
Castiel pulled the blanket up higher and pulled Dean into him for more warmth.  They had been lying on the hood of Dean’s car for half an hour, staring up at the night sky, talking softly about nothing at all.  Frost clung to everything and they would have to go into the motel soon.  The southern heat was nice down south, but they were in the mid-west now, due to arrive in Sioux Falls tomorrow.  Dean had loved New Orleans.  He seemed destined to reign as King of Bourbon Street.  One restaurant owner took such a liking to him that Cas had to assert his dominant streak in a more public venue than normal.  Luckily, Dean ate it up and they’d had insanely hot sex in the alley out back.  Take that, Benny Lafitte and your jambalaya and Cajun accent.  The memory of Dean against that brick wall in the warm night, liquor on the very breeze, made his toes curl.
Sam grinned.  “You know there’s no rush for you to move out, right?  I mean, you’re welcome to keep using the guest room.  Especially since you seem to not mind sharing it with my brother.”  Sam smirked up at him.
If the lampshades weren’t in the shape of two blocky, white crescent moons, it would have been rather classy.
Gabe nodded, watching as Maggie and Sue stepped off to the side again.  This time, Maggie was glaring at Cindy Smith, who was standing with Madge and Nellie.
Dean nodded, not wanting to prolong the conversation and upset the neighbor kids.  When their ice cream bowls were empty and the pair had gone to Maddie’s house to play, Dean and Cas took their places on the porch at the top of the steps with bowls of ice cream for themselves.
“Not for long,” Dean grinned.  He pulled them off, tossing them to Castiel.  He put his own on as Castiel watched him, marveling at the fact that Dean so easily got naked in front of him.
“It’s...I swore I’d do better.  Cas...I love you.  So much.  And if you’re askin’...I’m sayin’ yes.”
Dean caught his eye, his grip tightening slightly.  “You seem awfully sure you’re gonna want a second date with me.”
“He’s a hugger,” Sam grinned nervously.  “Dean, Cas, this is Sully,” Sam made the introductions.  “He’s my mentor at work.  Or will be when school starts.”
Castiel shrugged.  “Guess I have a type.”  He forced himself to hold a bit of a stare-off with Dean.
Gabe hummed a sort of chuckle.  “Charlie and I wrote with weed killer, ‘bag of dicks’ across the front of that big grassy area in front of his place.”
Dean’s lips twitched.  “Same.  You were...damn...turning, bending over, washing like it...like it felt good.”
Cas mapped his torso, running his hands firmly up and dragging his hands back down, his blunt nails scraping lightly.  He licked a stripe up the underside of Dean’s thick cock, feeling him rock beneath him.  He sucked him down, swiping his tongue back and forth along the length as Dean groaned.  He sucked and swirled until he tasted the familiar light flavor of precum.
Cas could read Buddy as well as Buddy could read people.  She wasn’t a monster.  But she stunk like one.  She was human, but what connection she had to some sort of creature was questionable.  Cas grinned, petting Buddy’s head.  “Can’t be too careful.”
“Why?” Castiel laughed.  “I’m not a kid anymore, Dean.  Life isn’t a fairytale.  It sucks.  And then you get old and die.  Some people just do it alone.  Like me.”
Castiel tried to relax his shoulders and give the man a reassuring smile.  “I am...not a fan,” Cas said, glancing at Dean guiltily as he had broken his promised silence.
And soon...very soon...he would ditch his baggage long enough to tell the world’s best man that he loved him too.
“My turn,” Dean groaned.  He lowered Cas back to his hands, putting them on the bed.  His cum smeared hand gripped his hip as Dean started at a slow pace.
A) The sheriff knew Bobby and it didn’t seem to be the same way Donna knew him.  And now that he thought about it, why did Donna hang around Bobby so much?
As if someone might overhear his own thoughts, he glanced toward his mother’s bedroom door.  He stepped back into his room and shut the door, getting into bed.  He thought back to the look on Dean’s face when Gabe was talking about being bi.  He had hardly made any kind of change in expression.  But he was watching closely.  So, was he interested in a research kind of way?  Or was he curious what Gabe and maybe the rest of them were?  What would he think?  Would he hate him?  Would Sam?  Chuck?
He jogged out the front door.  It was warm enough now that he no longer needed a coat.  His t-shirt and jeans were warm enough.  Spring was in full swing with blooming trees and frequent rainy days.  But none of that was on his mind.  He wanted to get to Sam’s.  Chuck was finally back from his Mom’s.  She had promised him a new video game for Sam’s system.  The rest of them were probably already way ahead of him.
Their eyes met, desperate.  Castiel nodded, setting Dean into action.  He spread his legs, their dicks aligning fully.  Dean watched, wrapping his hand around both of them, stroking.  They both groaned quietly.  Dean spit in his hand with a frown, stroking them again.  The moisture slicked their skin, letting Dean’s hand slide easier.
“I don’t need a ring,” Dean smirked, stepping over the fence.  “And we have more shit to talk about before we go filing paperwork.”
“You’re pretty smart, Maddie,” Sam said quietly.  “I hope you know you can always talk to us.  Or Sully at school.”
Gabe shrugged.  “Because they’re about to be voted the safest place in the country for like the sixteenth time and don’t want to ruin their reputation?”
She shrugged, looking around the room.  “Funerals bother a lot of people.”  She got lost in a bit of a daze for a moment.  “Goldy’s happy.  She’s free of all her aches and pains.”
Dean tipped his chin, pushing Castiel’s head up.  His mouth ghosted his neck but did not touch his skin.  The need drove him to grip Dean’s hips, his fingers seeking skin beneath his shirt.
Jo, a woman with long brown hair, answered the door.  “Hey.”  She backed up, letting them both inside.
Castiel finished his apple, tossing the core in his trashcan.  “Did you really mean what you said earlier?”  It came out so quiet he thought Gabe might not have heard him.  He kept his eyes on his own calendar, giving Gabe the option of ignoring him or privacy to think about an answer.
Silence fell between the brothers.  Sam was right that Dean shouldn’t be butting in, but he couldn’t just watch them fall apart without saying something.
“Yep.  Been seein’ them around since their parents were pushin’ ‘em in baby buggies.  Well, ‘cept Fletcher.  But I see he’s fittin’ in.”
Cas felt bad for bringing up a subject that scared most people.  “All I meant was, I’m okay with dealing with death because I hope karma is kind enough to return the favor.  It’s a frightening time for some.  But most are so relieved that it really becomes more about just comforting them.”  Cas watched as Dean went up onto one elbow, looking down on him.  “I like to provide people with comfort.”
Cas grinned harder.  It was so true.  There had yet to be something Dean couldn’t do.  “You are so damn hot sometimes it really is ridiculous.”
“Oh!”  Castiel grinned, his heart warmed at the thought.  “Date?”  He laughed.  “We missed that part, didn’t we?”
Dean bit his tongue, resisting arguing with him.  Woo woo was beyond his skill set.  That much he knew.  “So, how do we do this?  It looks like the Carrigans aren’t home.  It’s now or never,” Dean said.
“And...that was it!”  Pain lit the end of his finger as she clamped harder and yanked his nail out in one strong tug.  “OWWW!”  Dean panted and fisted his bleeding finger as Madge held it up like a trophy.  “You bitch!”
Castiel grinned, his stomach easing.  “I am not in love.  It was...I don’t think I did a very good job.”
“It is,” Gabe nodded, slowing the play time to move frame by frame.  The window lowered and Mahoney moved closer, stooping to the window.  Wayne leaned just into the window enough to be recognized as he handed the doctor something, which was quickly pocketed into the white lab coat.
Jody nodded.  “Bess thinks Garth is a friend of mine.  That we met through you guys.  Which is true enough.  She has no idea this is a hunter safe house.  And I didn’t bring her here.  Ellen did.”
“You did,” Cas whispered.  “You tell me all the time in the little sweet things you do for me.  I’m not rushing you.  I’m just much more verbal than you.”
“But you...” Dean blurted, searching him for what exactly Castiel couldn’t guess, so he simply remained as open and full of love as he could be.  “You wanna...”
Dean pulled him in, kissing him until he thought he might pass out.  Again, Cas went to pull them onto the bed.  “Uh uh,” Dean huffed, shoving Cas over a step, shoving the nightstand down a few feet.
“Well, we were wondering if there were more details to that plan.”  At the lift of Don’s brow, Sam stammered on.  “I, we, it just seems like if you lost a partner in it, which, not to be insensitive, but you did, that you might be interested in another partner.”  Sam sighed.
“Hey,” Dean said, shaking their hands with a loaded grin.  Sam knew if he didn’t curb this conversation quickly enough, either Gabe or Dean were going to say something scandalous enough to make this incredibly awkward and start them off with a horrendous first impression.
Her eyes narrowing slightly, Jody grinned tightly.  “Please.  I have enough on you to have you shot.”
“Hi!” Naoki smiled.  “We live in the tan house across from the Smiths.  My daughter, Kat, is the one with really long, brown hair that’s playing over there.”
They both gasped softly as their chests met skin to skin.  Cas closed his eyes, groaning slow and low as Dean’s hands skated over his back.  When he could breathe more regularly, he opened his eyes, floored at what he held.  Who he held.  His breath caught again as their eyes met and got lost.  Absolutely, blissfully lost.  “I’ve thought of you so many times, Dean.  You are...” his mind grasped for words to match the feelings this man was igniting inside him.  “Captivating.”
Dean pulled the bottle from his pocket, sitting it on Bobby’s desk with a solid clunk.  “You do what you want, but I plan on being sober for this conversation.”
For now, his eyes lingered on the solemn front door to the Himura house.  Naoki and Kat had been in the hospital for too long.  He had mowed their lawn, hoping one less thing to worry about would help Olivia, who was endlessly at the hospital.  And though Gary’s death was important, Fletcher was important, the folks at Sunset Fields were important, it was time to start asking some questions about the Himura house.  And he knew exactly where to start.  He was starting with the last two neighbors who had yet to be truly tapped for information.
He bucked against the invasion, reaching his hand around to squeeze Dean’s thigh that was now over him.
A look of pain crossed Dean’s face.  He pulled Cas into his arms, hugging him.  “I’m sorry.  This wasn’t your fault.”
By the time Sam came up the steps, Dean was leaning against the arched doorframe of the big living room, staring at the mess of a pool through the large glass windows.
They kissed slowly.  Castiel took Dean’s hand in his, still loving holding his hand.  “I would love to date you.  And I do love you.  It doesn’t matter how we got together.  In fact, it’ll make a pretty good story someday.”
“I’ll head down.  The florist already delivered and the staff was decorating.”  He stopped in front of Dean.  “Steer clear of Brandy.  She already has a crush on you.”
He looked over at Cas, wanting to ask, but not sure he wanted to hear the answer to his question.  “Hey, Cas?”
His brain completely stalled.  Whatever suave persona he had planned on attempting was completely blown.
“Tell your boyfriend he’s gonna get evicted if he doesn’t quit freezing me out of the shower,” Sam snapped.
Sam stopped, giving Castiel a somewhat apologetic look.  A teacher burst through the crowd, blowing a whistle and yelling.
Castiel grinned sadly.  “She’s scared.  She thinks you left and can’t understand why you didn’t just tell her.  About being bi or gay.  About me.”
Castiel knew he needed to get a grip on his annoyance with police officers in general.  But this officer was a familiar shade of the bullshit they had dealt with in Florida.
Madge looked put-out as she headed for the door, but Wayne’s grip tightened on the gun and he looked nearer to losing his patience as his mouth pressed into a flat line.
Dean shook his head, completely dumbfounded.  This was the kind of shit you read about, or saw on TV, not your own freakin’ neighbors!
Castiel swallowed hard.  The bottle was more than half gone and Jack was blinking sleepily.  It wouldn’t be long.  He could run.  He could say he wasn’t ready.  Yeah, he really wasn’t quite ready.  Or... he could... learn something new.
“Heya, Cas!” Garth greeted.  He glanced over at Brandy.  “Hi.”  He stepped up closer to her, holding a hand out to shake.  “I’m Garth!”
By that evening, Castiel had managed to sit at the desk in their room.  He listened to a long lecture about keeping secrets.  About talking more.  About safe sex.  About how this may have ruined things between the Novak’s and the Winchesters.
“Yes, it seems like a pretty nice place.”  He picked up an apple from a fruit bowl on the counter, turning it in his hands.  “I start in a few days.”
“Ah, that was just the get to know you portion.  I can see why you want outta that place.  Ms. Dowling isn’t nearly as friendly as Sam makes her out to be.”
Okay, so he had a mortgage that made him nervous when he thought about paying on it for the next thirty years, and it was just as much his husband’s as it was his, but he still felt mighty proud about it.
The entire meal, Cas had two thoughts circling in his head.  Dean had told him he broke up with Brooke.  Sam said he slept at her house a lot.  His insides burned with frustration.  Holding his hand was one thing.  They’d basically had sex.  Several times.  And so the thoughts swirled as everyone around him acted normal.
The pair waved goodbye and headed out.  Dean sat at the table again, Gabe sitting next to him.  “What’s up?”
Cas could feel hot, wet cum burst inside him.  He moaned and trembled.  Dean slammed in again and pulled out, stroking his cock.  Cas felt warm cum slide down his back as Dean groaned again.  Dean smeared the cum over Cas’ back and pulled him up against him again, kissing his shoulder and neck.
“I’ve been there too.  Did you notice the butcher in there looks like the butcher from the Brady Bunch?”
Dean closed his eyes, fighting back memories of their worst nights as kids.  His anger and rage at so young an age.  Sometimes he had beaten himself up about not being brave enough to do just what Bobby had done.  As angry as he had been, hands shaking and no where to turn, he just couldn’t do it.
Gabe hugged her tight, letting her cry on his shoulder as Sam was sure he whispered reassuring things to her.  She nodded before letting him go, her sorrowful face turning up to him.
He looked down at Buddy, who was nervously standing next to him through the whole ordeal.  “Your daddy is a jailbird.  How you feel about that?”
He gave her a pat on the arm.  Both Sheila and Goldy could get confused from time to time, but it still bothered him that Goldy had reacted that way.  He would never steal from these people.  Anyone, for that matter.  “See you later, Marion, duty calls.  Sheila, no flirting with Mr. Jones over there.”  Sheila laughed, waving him off.
As the end of the day bell rang, he left all his books in his locker except his Science book and notebook.  That was his first final next week.
He could tell Sam was angry with him.  Probably because when Dean spilled his guts about ‘everything’, he only told them half the truth.  He told them he and Dean had hooked up...behind Brooke’s back.  That Cas had misread the situation because he was jealous.  But all Sam got from it was, his best friend had a crush on his brother so long that he was willing to screw around with him whether he had a girlfriend or not.  Castiel wasn’t correcting any of it.  Even if he was angry at Dean, he was willing to keep his stupid secret.  Somewhere, in his torment of frustration, he knew the situation with ‘Brooke’ was temporary.  For now, he would just have to endure Sam’s disappointment in him.
The friends made Cas grin a bit.  Brady seemed a much better fit for her than her fiancé, Jake Talley.
He reached forward, pulling Dean’s shirt off, taking the time to feel his skin the whole way.  “So, if I’m in charge tonight, what kind of boundaries do you have?”
Bobby sighed.  “I’m gonna tell you something.  You’re gonna think I’m nuttier than Fred.  But it’s the truth.”  Silence stretched for a minute as Bobby adjusted his hat.  “Monsters are real.”
They stepped apart.  “Your dad is gone, Gabe.  The police came the night you two ran off.  Naomi kicked Zach out.  I think he got arrested.”
Castiel found he fretted over things like bugs, too much sun, and whether or not Jack was hungry or thirsty.  Luc seemed amused more than anything, chuckling at Castiel fussing with the blanket.
“Shit.  I need him, Dean.  I know it’s kinda crazy.  He’s such a trickster and so...” he laughed.  “He has six rubber ducks, Dean.  He still puts them in his bath.”
The room paused in awkward silence and Castiel could hold his tongue no longer.  “We are interested in this business venture we’ve heard about, but we’re hesitant to get into investing when it seems you, we assume you are the major stock holder, might be soon entering into financial difficulties if there is a divorce.”
“Report any movement,” Bobby said sternly, “I don’t care if Melanie is taking her trash out.  I wanna know about it.”
Deb glared toward her living room.  “It wasn’t a heart attack.  The coroner said his heart was...destroyed!  It was...”
“Dr. Mahoney is at the Carrigan’s house right now,” Garth pointed out.  “I saw his car pull up as I was coming in.”
The kitchen had red walls with white cabinets, white appliances, and white tile counters.  In the center stood a butcher block table covered in an assortment of trays, platters, and bowls.  One was covered in tiny pecan pies, sugar cookies decorated like angels and ornaments lay on another.  A huge bowl of red and white wrapped muffins sat in the middle, with several candles scattered amongst them.  Christmas decorations hung, sat, and dangled from every wall space, counter, toaster, and knob.  Soft Christmas music played from further in the house.  They could see into the dining room, where a formal table was decorated with a two-foot-tall gingerbread house, ornately decorated.
“The stern guy and his super nosy wife,” Dean answered, scooping out his second helping from the pan.
“Really?” It had slipped out with surprise and warmth, Cas looking at Dean in a new light.  The light of possibility.  They might have a real chance at something if both of them were sticking around.
Dean had first met Gabe when Sam was a junior in college.  It wasn’t the first time Sam had gone out with a guy.  But it was the first time Sam had been so infatuated with one.  Gabe was a wildcard and Dean figured he’d be around for a semester’s worth of entertainment.  The guy certainly could throw a party.  When Sam was lovesick over the following summer, Dean thought he might hurl every day.  And then Sam became Sam and Gabe.  The pair were never apart.  Sam then graduated and started making a real life for himself.  And though Dean had wondered a time or two if the pair were gonna make it out in the real world, they did.  And Dean couldn’t be happier for his baby brother.
“He’s scared.  There’s a basement door that he’s not allowed in.  And, and he’s seen a diamond bracelet on a velvet pillow.  A stolen bracelet.”  She looked up at Melanie.  “And Goldy’s necklace.”
Dean pointed at one of the photos on the wall, reading something on it.  “Don, take no prisoners. D Trump.  Ah, a Trumpster!”
“Tell who?” Chip interrupted, smile growing.  “The police?  The mayor?  You’re sorely mistaken if you think anyone in this town is going to believe a bunch of transplants over me.  I grew up here!  I AM Charming Acres!”
The house floor plans for the third, fourth, and fifth floor were rolled and neatly packed away with the rest of the typical construction planning debris in the sideboard.  The meal was catered by the kitchen staff and it was a relaxing way to end the week.
Dean spit the screw out into his hand, licking his lips to hastily look half put together.  “Hey, Cas!”
“Yeah.” Sam nodded, Dean clapping him on the back.  After the surge of news reporters left Charming Acres and Bobby had gone home with Fred, the four of them had dug up the body in Bobby’s back yard.  There was little there to find, but every bit of dirt surrounding the fragments, including the tablecloth he’d been wrapped in, were all removed so no evidence would be found.  Dean and Cas immediately left with the evidence, promising to get rid of it.  Since he and Gabe were dealing with adopting Fletcher, they kept out of it the best they could.  Knowing the body was completely gone was their last tie of worry.  He let that relief sweep over him as he took a long pull of beer and sighed.  He gave Gabe a reassuring smile, which he hopefully picked up on.
He chanced a glance back at Sam, who sat with his head down, eyes cast to the floor, surely thinking the same sort of things.
Castiel’s hands were sweating and he thought he might lose his popcorn over how overwhelmed he was when Dean pulled his shirt off and got under the covers.
Cas gave no inclination of being swayed, so Dean rolled his eyes and headed into the house to look for the stairs.
“I don’t think so,” Cas chuckled, both of them shushing each other as they moved over to the rail of the porch nearest to the Frieling’s house.
Dean described his time out at sea, telling Cas how the hauling baskets worked, and what you did and didn’t see in everyday life according to The Deadliest Catch.
“I sure do!” Justin grinned, getting back to his familiar level of pep.  “I’ll go get them!”  He left quickly, Gary turning away with a plate full of burnt beef discs.
Dean waved his hand, then stared at it, wondering where his drink went.  “I’m good.”  He closed his eyes again, head dropping back.  “I’ma jus sleep here.”  So good.  The rocking swing and the warm night air.  He groaned as his world tipped and he was suddenly standing, face to face with Cas.  Oh wow...this close he was just...“you’re grinning,” he grinned, smiling down at him.  “Stop it.  It’s not fair.”
“We got our own houses!” Madge said proudly.  “We eat cookies for dinner all the time and there’s no one to tell us we can’t.”
Bobby and Rufus exchanged another quick glance.  He pulled open his desk drawer and lifted two glasses onto his desk.  “There’s more glasses in the kitchen,” he said to Gabe, who glanced around before getting to his feet to fetch them.
Breaking into their own grins, excited with the thrill of solving this case, Sam and Cas scrambled for the door, the three of them emerging from it in a hurried, less than orderly, exit.
Gabe turned to study his brother.  Cas was quiet.  Not shy, just often not outspoken, like himself.  Cas had wanted to be a nurse since back when he carted a play doctor kit with him everywhere.  As kids, he’d worn so many band aids that covered pretend boo-boos that, to this day, if he used one, he could hear little-Cassie’s voice.
“You didn’t have to ride to the corn soup rally with them,” Sam said.  “They played Christmas music!”
“I am.” Dean smiled a little more, pulling him back down, his arm wrapped around him.  “Been thinkin’.”
Bobby toyed with his glass, eyes downcast.  “After Fred and I buried him, he swore he’d keep that secret until his dying day.  Swore to my mother that no one had to know.  That everything was gonna be fine.”  Bobby swirled his whiskey again.  “The next day, when I got up, my mother said she needed to go to the store for some eggs.”
Gabe groaned.  “You are impossible.  How are ya ever gonna get laid if you never leave the neighborhood?”
Sam smirked.  Oh great.  He didn’t know which was more difficult to deal with, quiet, nervous Dean or cocky Dean.  His brother really needed to find some middle ground when it came to his self-image.  “Well, I’m glad you’ll both be staying here.  It’s been weird with Cas having to leave every night.”
“Well, you had lots of folks stop by to check on you today.  Anna from the photo shop, Alfie, the guy from the market, Missouri, both florists.  They all wanted to let you know they were rooting for ya.”
“I just needed to -” Garth froze in the doorway of the living room, his eyes going wide.  “Jeepers,” he gasped, Sully bumping into the back of him, his round face draining of color as his mouth made a perfect O.
Dean shook his head, completely ignoring the waiter’s return.  His gruff anger softened, and he shrugged his shoulders a little.  “There’s nothing wrong with local food.”
“Anything on the dead residents,” Bobby said, sliding the list across the table to Cas.  “Medical charts, death claims, that drug you told us about, anything hinky.”
I think you like my brother?  I think you need to stay away?  I think you’re gross?  I think I hate you?
“He was at the hospital twice last week to check on Naoki and Kat,” Dean added, watching both men carefully.
“There he is,” Gabe pointed.  Castiel slowed the car to a stop in front of the local library.  Gabe got out, helping him into the back seat.
To say they had a proclivity to have sex in new places, was fact.  While they were discreet and clean about it, they both had a tendency to get hot and bothered over potential quickies in new places.  However, darts was a different game.  They only did it when there was no one home but them.  They would go up to the billiard room, blindfold one of them, pick a floor plan, throw a dart and went for it.
Phone forgotten; Sam lifted it so Bobby could see the herbs bundled into neat clumps.  Trays of drying leaves, berries, and flowers lay on the table.  Sam flipped another switch, three fluorescent lights flickered on.
“So bad?” Cas cooed back, all his worries crashing to nonexistence.  “All you had to do was tell me,” he whispered, kissing Dean’s exposed throat, opening his mouth to taste his skin as Dean’s chin tucked down in a ticklish shy-away.  Cas gripped their cocks harder, stroking more strongly, dragging a moan from Dean that made him moan back in return.  “I’ll give you anything, Dean,” he rumbled, feeling Dean’s knees go weak.  “Anything you want,” he added, loving how he was melting into his hands.
They walked past Melanie’s house, then Sue’s, then up the driveway and to the wide front door of the Stark’s home.  The bust of Don Stark on a pedestal at the head of the driveway was surrounded by dead flowers.
“If they actually use poisonous tea, I doubt they would keep it in the kitchen with their regular tea,” Sam said.
Sam blew out a breath.  “The Starks.  Both of them, which is like six accounts.  And the Carrigans.  I also got past accounts for Imelda and Goldy.  And Melanie.  And I checked into Fred Jones too.”
Dean sighed.  “If I tell them I broke up with Brooke, they’ll need to know where I am at night.  And this isn’t going to work.  Your mom isn’t going to let me stay over.  And I have to have a reason to be gone at night.  I can’t tell them about Dad.  He’s getting better, but he still needs a lot of help.”
“I mean...I messed it all up.  I didn’t know it was coming and then when I did, I kinda...pulled back.”
Gabe:  mom went back to bed.  Mary found out too.  I think the whole fucking neighborhood is up.  Sam says to come home.  Dean left.  Please text me Cassie.
During a break, Sam and Chuck went upstairs to use the bathroom.  Jo had left half an hour ago, leaving Cas and Dean alone in the basement.  Dean’s hand had only lasted a moment on his leg, but he had never moved any further away.
“I am the administrator,” Wayne said curtly, standing his straightest, which still was not as tall as Donna.
“Yeah, Maggie and I are going through a tough time,” Don admitted quietly, looking down.  “Trial separation.  It’s temporary.”  He looked back up at them, maintaining his calm demeanor.  “Sometimes you grow apart.  It’s no one’s fault.”
Wayne nodded with a look of absolute certainty.  “I know.  No one wants to believe it, but it’s true!  Aliens.  They take you at night and sometimes the things they do are too much for a man to take.”
“No,” Gabe interrupted.  “No more law breaking from me, little bro.  Any of us.  We have too much to lose here.”
“Um...did we miss our exit?” Came Gabriel’s voice.  He, Sam, and Fletcher were in the car behind them.
“The first time I asked you about him, you gave me nothin’.  The second time, you agreed with us that he’s dirty.”
Even stranger, two of the biker dudes from the other side of the restaurant came over to talk to them.  And what Gabe had guessed would go over like a fart in church, actually turned into a ten-minute conversation, both sides equally participating.
Buddy approached the woman, smelling her.  His nose trailed one leg from her knee to her boot.  Bobby had taught them all the line of Japanese.  Buddy would smell the person and tell you what they were.  He was yet to ever be wrong.
Dean grinned, lacing their fingers together, pinning Cas’ hands just above his head.  He kissed him harder, hungrier.
Sam, trying not to look horrified, took the stool across from Deb.  “Sorry about that.  He’s been...going through some stuff.  What I think he was trying to ask was, is there any way Gary might have had some secrets?  Something he was hiding?”
The last time he had been at the beach was when his mom was dating Gabe’s dad.  It had been fun.  A taste of a new life.  He grinned as Gabe stepped up next to him, slinging an arm around his shoulders.  “Maybe we can find you a hot lifeguard.”
“If you had hung around,” Sam interrupted, “you woulda seen what Gabe and I saw.  PJ Berman is the guy Deb was sneaking off to see the other night.”
Fred hooked a finger in Fletcher’s bowl, pulling it toward himself.  Fletcher, spoon in hand, looked at him with big eyes.  Fred met his look.  Sam and Bobby both started to get up when Fletcher grinned and handed the man his spoon.  “There ya go, Mr. Fred.”  Fred grinned, taking the bowl off the bar and down to his lap, took the spoon and took a bite.
Luc slid a pair of sunglasses on and gave Castiel a grin as he unlocked his tan Ford.  “Hop in, Castiel.”
Sam put a calming hand on Gabe’s shoulder, glaring at Dean.  “Would you calm down?  They’re not sane.”
“I’ve been trying to tell people for years that THIS is the reason people go missing.  And in some cases, can’t survive the probings!”
“Okay!” Sully grinned, following him, standing just inside the kitchen doorway.  “Sam is so awesome,” Sully added.
“I’m six,” he answered.  He glanced over his shoulder and up to the right, grinning.  “Weems says I’m gonna swim like a fish soon!”
“I hope she stays gone and forgets about Dean.  She really did a number on him.  I was never so happy when he dumped her for good after graduation.”
“Not yet.  But my meeting was not with him.”  He glanced around again, leaning in closer, Dean leaning in as well.  “My meeting was with the new sheriff.  It was very...interesting.”
“Marshmallow nachos!  Yeah!” Sully laughed.  “They always make me feel better when I’m down and...I thought you might be kinda bummed and all, you know, because of your neighbor.”
“I go almost every day.  We play cards, like you said, on his good days.  Watch TV on his quieter days.  And I don’t much like that Mahoney either.  He don’t seem too motivated to do much for the residents.”
Sam’s face went from confused to an appreciative grin quickly.  “That was really nice of you, Sully.  I’m doing okay.  I mean, it is shocking.  We just met the guy.”
“I believe it’s my turn to throw the dart,” Dean said low, sitting on the arm of the leather sectional.
“Whatever,” Wayne waved them off.  “The point is, you’ve landed in a game you aren’t equipped to play.”
Two hours, a stain on his shirt, a sore ass, and a soaked pant leg later, the ice machine was clean and spitting ice cubes like a Pez dispenser.  He changed the two fluorescent bulbs he noticed were out, and he stopped for five call-lights blinking in the hall.  Call-lights were outside of every room on the ceiling above the doorways.  When one was blinking, you stopped to check on them no matter if you were a nurse, a receptionist, or Wayne Whittaker himself.  They were always a little adventure.  Today’s ray of sunshine was Mr. Andrews in 2B.  When Gabe knocked on the door and walked in, good old, Mr. Andrews was naked from the waist down, except the giant pants puddled at his feet.
Cas gasped, rocking his hips to seek more.  By the time Cas was ready, his legs trembled with anticipation.  His eyes flew open when Dean was suddenly gone from him.
Wayne Whittaker, neighbor and the administrator and boss of Sunset Fields, stood watching him with a subdued smile.  “There’s an issue with Ms. Golden’s phone not working.  Could you take a look at it?”
“Yeah.  Probably.”  Dean moved over a step, buttoning his dress shirt.  “So, you gonna be at the party tonight?”
“I think I deserve some compensation,” Cas said softly, hooking a finger in Dean’s belt loop, pulling him closer.
Gabe shook his head in refusal.  “I don’t want him drug through any of this.  I did it.  Me and Charlie.  I’ll get us out of it.”
She shrugged with a good-natured grin.  “More like...I read people very well.  But Mr. Angel Eyes was broadcasting loud and clear at the picnic that he was pursuing you.”
Dean sat on the top step of Sam’s porch, waiting for everyone to finish changing from the funeral.  His thoughts of settling into this strange town were getting weaker by the day.  While Sam handled the internet-digging on Gary’s situation, he was completely distracted with the neighbor kid.  With Sam’s focus on the Frieling house, the Starks and the Smiths, it was no wonder he was busy.  Cas and Gabe were trying to figure out just what the hell was going on at Sunset Fields with Doctor Mahoney.  Considering both of those issues had deaths tied to them (potentially murders), he felt a little lost on his own.  He’d had more time to watch the neighbors than the others did.  The Carrigans were cheerful fruit loops, tending to their yard of Christmas decor, bushes, hedges, and little patches of gardens in the back yard.  Nellie was a front porch look-out while Wayne the alien guru/leprechaun was at work all day.  The Starks raised a raucous every now and then with arguing.  Maggie staying with Sue was definitely not enough separation for the pair.  The neighborhood kids went on about their summer with swimming and sleepovers.  And imaginary friends.  Melanie was dealing with the death of Goldy.  And nights still brought out the swingers.  PJ sneaking over to Deb’s, Olivia sometimes joining them, when she wasn’t at the hospital.  Cindy heading to the Stark’s, Justin heading to the Whittaker’s (yep, he threw up in his mouth a little bit when he caught that one), and even Sue sneaking across the street to PJ’s house.  These little sneaky trips weren’t only relegated to night time.  There was plenty happening during the day.  And Nellie spent a good deal of time with Madge Carrigan, not that it surprised him.  Plenty of these sneaky little trips may have had nothing to do with sex, but it did not change the behavior that went with it.  Glancing over shoulders and scampering looked quite different than the parading walks couples took with their bright smiles and wide eyes.
Castiel had to admit to himself that he kinda liked the thought of hanging out with someone a little on the wilder side.  Luc might be just the thing he needed.
Cas got in, Dean turning the engine on and cranking up the heat as he rubbed his hands together.  “Like...I don’t want dogs.  I’m not really a dog person.”
A look of understanding passed between them.  Castiel huffed a bitter laugh, dropping to his back.  “I’ll figure something out.”
After kissing Cas and congratulating Gabe and Charlie, Dean whacked Lee on the shoulder.  “You brought a gun?”
Cas stretched out next to him, looking at the coffered ceiling.  Their suite was where Sam’s room had originally been.  It was slightly bigger than Cas’ original suite, which would be opened into a nice living room soon.  Remodeling had begun in their section of the house on the third floor.  It was frustrating, but their suite was finished, giving them a safe haven from the nonstop mess around them.  Their part of the third floor was going to be beautiful.  Like the rest of the house.
“Strawberry for you,” Sonny smiled broadly, sweeping in with two delicious looking shakes.  She set the strawberry in front of Cas.  “And chocolate for you!” Sonny beamed a grin at Dean, sitting it in front of him, earning a hesitant grin from him.
They filed inside the funeral home, nodding solemnly to those they knew.  A bitter taste grew in his mouth again.  It was disgusting that they knew the entire process to funerals.  He’d still yet to make it to the little amusement park just out of town or even to the bar he heard rumor existed.  But the dry, cool air and carpeted stillness of the funeral home was now a familiar environment.
“What?”  He tried to shake himself to act more professionally, but damn!  He liked Imelda!  She was one of the crew!  One of his ‘Silver Swans’ he had dubbed them.
Elbows on his knees and hand on his head, he took a deep breath.  He was fine.  He kissed a guy.  It wasn’t nearly as beautiful as he thought it might be.  But that had probably been his fault.  He had totally botched it.  Luc probably thought he was such a child.  The look on his face when he said he was ‘new at this’ made his stomach twist.  He probably thought he was laughable.
“Sure!”  Garth followed him into the kitchen, looking around at what would soon be his.  Sam poured him a cup of fresh, hot coffee and the pair strolled back to the front porch.  “You sure you wanna leave the swing?”
Gabe, a custodian at the college Sam went to, swaggered his way through work as much as he did life.  He’d landed a maintenance job at the nursing home right before you turned onto Lily Dale Lane, the street their house was on.  It was so fucking quaint it made Dean want to itch.  Dean had to give it to the guy though, he made life fun.  He certainly entertained the shit outta Dean.  Their shared amusement with Sam’s Susie-sunshine mentality had only brought them together even stronger, much to Sam’s annoyance.
“Yeah,” Dean said, like he was an idiot.  “Look, if you want pot, you come see me.  If you need...anything, come see me.”
Dean pulled into one of the furthest spots, Sam pulling up next to them.  Bobby came toward them from the front door with a big grin and hands stuffed deep into his coat pockets.  Dean couldn’t help but grin at Bobby, who looked pretty damn happy for once!
“There’s gotta be some event this weekend,” Sam suggested.  “Preferably something the Whittaker’s are at too, so nosy Nellie isn’t watching.”
“Guess the day I do that I graduate from your understudy program.”  Castiel’s grin crept wider.  “Night, Dean.”
“I have to take Fletcher home soon.  Let’s walk down to the Emporium and see if we see anything.  Then hopefully the Carrigans will go somewhere.”
“Hey, Cassie,” Gabe muttered, all his attention on the pasta he was mixing.  “I shoulda done this earlier.”
By the time Cas and Sam joined them, Dean took a break to go find Charlie.  He had been so busy the past few days.  But he hadn’t forgotten about her.
Gabe kissed him again.  “I gotta go.  I promised Marion and Imelda that I’d be there for breakfast.”
Cas stepped out of the bathroom, seeing that the dark pattern on the wall beside the bed was actually rippled glass looking into the shower.  He turned to Dean with a grin, his heart rate jumping at the eager, yet tentative, look on Dean’s face.
She smiled as Dean was making excuses for why he hadn’t called her back yet.  “It’s no problem,” she assured him.  “I was just wondering if you would be interested in house sitting for me this week.  I have a cat and three finicky plants.”  Her face lit up with a smile.  “Awesome.  Of course!  And you two can stay for the week.  Help yourself to whatever food is there and I’ll have clean sheets on the guest bed for you.”  She nodded, smiling at Dean’s words.  “Great!  See you Sunday night!”  She chuckled, “Yes, that is tomorrow.”
“There’s a door,” Cas said, pointing.  This door was wood, like the rest, but looked rather mundane.  It certainly didn’t appear to be locked or off limits.
“No.”  He kissed Castiel’s temple, holding him tight.  “I just don’t know what to do with this, Cas.”
Dean had no idea what that could mean, but he didn’t ask.  He did get a quick, curious glance from Cas, who also didn’t ask.
Bobby shoved his hat off, scratching his head with a sigh.  “It ain’t that simple.”  He sighed again in exhaustion, the years of the burden weighing in the creases by his eyes and circles beneath them.
Memory of his butt being grabbed made chills run through his body.  Alone with thoughts, he couldn’t figure out if it was fear or lust.
Gabe, Sam, and Bobby’s faces took on a guarded look.  Maddie, who never missed anything, turned to look up at them.  “Kat’s mommy is sick now too.”
Sam relented with a shrug and a nod.  “Alright.  I’ll bite.  So...I guess I’ll look into Wayne too.”
They caught the muffled sound of someone falling, both quietly moving to the corner of Sam’s fence.  Two yards over, they made out the shadowy figure of Fletcher getting up from the ground.
“I don’t know.  And neither does Sully.  But he’s going to keep an eye on all of them when school starts.”
One of Dean’s hands slid up Castiel’s thigh, under his shorts to the juncture where his ass met his leg.
“Yeah!” Zoe nodded, coming closer.  “You just have to keep the ladder out of the pool, bring her fresh flowers once a day, and she LOVES goldfish crackers.”
“A waffle iron,” Dean added with a fake, amused smile.  “No, see, Don, wives (or husbands) generally see an affair as more than ‘a thing’.”
Both women glared as all four of them took note of them.  Dean, smart-ass extraordinaire, waved with a cocky little grin.
“I hear you were an angel to our Bobby,” she smiled at him with what Dean already seemed to understand was an uncharacteristic spot of sweetness.
“So, an ‘accident’,” Cas said, not curbing his suspicion at all and forgetting to not air quote as Dean teased him for.
Dean looked down at his socked feet.  “Mom told me what you did so Sam could come see me graduate tonight.”
The drizzle and crash of the waves came back to Castiel’s awareness abruptly as he followed Dean’s gaze.
“Yeah, I think so.”  Castiel leaned against the side of the house, mustering his energy to climb the shed roof, up the balcony and slip into the hallway quiet enough to not wake his mom.
All of them came from blended families or single parent homes.  It was complicated.  Scheduling anything was hit and miss if it was on a weekend.  But during the week, during school, they all converged on the Winchester house as often as possible.
Cas frowned at his brother, not that it detracted from how fucking hot he looked.  Cas looked hot whether he was scowling, confused, smiling, or half asleep.  The guy was just fucking hot.
Crowley laughed, standing as well.  “Just so happens I am having a group of friends over in a few days.  You’re welcome to join.”
He knew enough about Dean Winchester to know that he had taken a serious misstep by bringing up his childhood.  Sam had told Gabe everything over the years.  And Gabe, in turn, had told him.  Sam had told him plenty on his own.  He recognized his error the second he had brought up Dean’s dad.  It wasn’t that he couldn’t handle hearing Dean vent, swear, cry, or even laugh about his past.  He was okay with all that.  What had hurt him to his soul was when Dean flinched away from him.  And it wasn’t that he couldn’t handle all that went with that too.  It just made him want to A) hug Dean, B) kill John Winchester and Samuel Campbell, and C) kick himself for bringing up such a touchy subject when Dean was obviously already a little nervous on this date.
Cas chuckled.  “I’m so glad I can finally say how I feel, I mean, I’ve thought it for some time now -“
“Yes, Lee,” Cas said more seriously to her father.  “I would be honored.  And you are welcome as well.”
“You did?” Dean grinned, the nervousness settling to something more like pleasant surprise.  Yes, that was better.
He watched as his neighbor, Olivia, pulled into her driveway, looking frazzled.  Sam, jogging up the sidewalk was watching her as well.  He stopped at the foot of their porch steps, breathing semi-heavy.  Gabe went down to meet him as Olivia went inside her house.
Dean’s eyes closed in embarrassment as Cas chuckled, flipping Gabe off.  “Come on,” he said softly, kissing him one more time.  “I’ll fill you in on all my plans for you tonight.”
Sam did not look convinced.  “Quit keeping secrets from us, Cas.  You have no idea the damage my dad can do in a weekend.  Let alone a freaking week.”
“Yeah.  They’re weird.  They give me the creeps,” Dean said quietly.  “This whole town gives me the creeps.”
Camille shrugged helplessly.  “Why would they be?  I mean, they’re weird, but I can’t imagine them being a part of anything like that.”  She squinted in thought.  “I don’t know.”
“She steals the sugar packets from her table at lunch every day.  It drives the nurses nuts.”  Gabe chuckled.  “I brought her a pack of Pixy Stix and now she calls me ‘Sugar’.”
“I’m not gettin’ any younger.  Claire and the girls have their reasons for hunting, but they’re so young.  We need more hunters.  And you all have a real knack for investigating.”
“Oh, even bleach couldn’t clean this puppy,” Dean smirked, pointing to his own mouth, making all three of them laugh.
Gabe took a screenshot of the job advertisement for an RN, in his work email, sending it to Cas.  He also sent a text.
“We’re going to talk to Don Stark,” Dean said quickly, backing out of the kitchen, Sam leaving with him.
“No,” Castiel said firmly.  “I... I’m not interested in a dating kind of relationship with you Luc.  I just...wanted to be friends.” He looked up at him nervously.
“What?  I freak out about shit too!”  He took a deep breath, calming himself down.  He did not need to bother Sammy with all the drama shit that floated around in his head.
Dean stepped back.  Castiel followed him step for step as if his body was in a trance.  Dean had suit pants and a dress shirt on.  The dress shirt was open.  Had he arrived ten minutes earlier, Dean could have been fresh out of the shower.  His hair was still damp.
“Look, I’m sorry boys.  It’s not a nice, neat ending, but...that’s hunting.”  Jody gave them an apologetic smile.
Charlie was the only one with two parents still married.  But her mom was in a coma at the nursing home in town.  Castiel had never met her.  But Sam and Dean went with her to visit sometimes.  It made Charlie sad to go.  It made her sad not to go.  It was complicated.
Dean backed further onto the bed, Cas crawling on top of him move for move until Dean’s head lay among the satin pillows.  For every one Cas tossed to the floor, he kissed Dean’s mouth, his jaw, his neck, his collar bone.  Flat and free of distractions, straddling him, Cas looked at him again.  He wanted to see Dean, to know he was alright.  Know he was being not only satisfied; but pleased.
Garth had to chuckle at that.  “Did I tell you Bess got a job at Sunset Fields?  Activities director.  She’s so excited.”
Cas frowned, confused by how she knew who he was.  And his occupation.  He was a traveling nurse, but how would she know that?
Lined up with Dean’s body now, he rocked, kissing him, teasing him with open mouthed kisses that had Dean arching up to chase him.  He arched his back just right to leave room for Dean’s balls, yet press his cock between their abdomens.  Dean whined immediately, wrapping his arms around Cas’ torso, clawing his back just enough to make chills ripple along his skin, making him gasp between one kiss and the next.
“So, Dean, where are you traveling from?” She asked, ignoring Cas as she handed him the basket of rolls.
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief and focused.  He had three balls left.  If he got all three in the hole, he would win the bigger prize.  He already had enough to get the bear.
Gabriel, in true Gabriel style, shrugged, totally indifferent.  “I suppose.”  He thought about it a moment.  “Yeah.  Guess I would.”  His cheeks colored only the faintest, but per usual, Castiel took him for his word.
Dean nodded slowly.  “Alright.”  He got out of bed, picking up a few things, putting them into a bag.  Castiel took his hand as they left the house, squeezing into the backseat of the car.
He rolled back toward his wall, thinking about last night.  Dean’s party had been a wonderful excuse to just watch him.  It was his celebration, after all.  Watching Dean with his mom and Sam left warm sensations in his chest.  Seeing Dean in a cap and gown had been an unexpected mixture of feelings.  He had looked so relieved and happy to have high school behind him.  He also looked incredibly adult.  While it excited Castiel to see these hints of change, it also made him feel further from him.
Sam shook his head with a smirk.  “Ed mentioned that there was an issue with the water.  He said Naoki’s family, Rufus, and Bobby wouldn’t sign up for switching to city water.  He made it sound like water might be making Kat sick.  So, I figured it might be worth checking out.”
This was a reckless move.  He knew it.  He could sense the impending stupidity of this plan.  But he just didn’t care.  He craved Dean in every way.
Castiel narrowed his eyes.  “When you get angry, just think about Jack.  Remember that you’re there for him.  Not just for yourself.”
He had better put Dean out of his thoughts again.  It only left Castiel sad when he really thought about it.  Knowing it was never to be.
The thought hit him so gently and unexpectedly that Cas gasped just slightly, the hitch in his breath caught by Dean’s watchful eyes.  He could say it.  It could just tumble out so easily.  So freely.  But the words might be too much for Dean.  Too soon or too scary.
Hope crept up his spine again.  Castiel felt like these moments were becoming so much more than the simple lessons Dean professed them to be.  Everything Dean did felt like so much more than what it actually was.
Father Murphy sniffled slightly, his eyes going anywhere but to his or Dean’s.  “When I came to town to meet Cathy all those years ago...when I...killed her...I had no idea we had children.  She never told me.”
“What is this?” Sam asked, poking the cheesy mess on his plate.  He preferred his food intact enough to recognize what it was.  And not touching.  This was...gooey.  “Who made it?”
So, his Samshine, best husband to ever huss, propped his cell phone up on a log that had been there since a week after they moved in (in preparation for the fire they would never have) with a fireplace screensaver playing.
“Again,” Cas said, “can we all just put the guns away?  I think it’s fair to say we know what you did, and you do not deserve to get away with it.”
“Melanie, dear!” Madge waved.  “Come meet these nice gentlemen!”  She leaned toward Gabe.  “She’s a nice single woman.  Works too much.  She just needs a nice young man.”
Cas nods, staring the doctor down.  “I have copies of charts linking your drug of choice, Tolteridine, to a pattern of six residents from Sunset Fields that become confused on this med, get robbed, and die.”
Bobby nodded, both he and Rufus peering across the street.  “Rufus and I are gonna go to Naoki’s.  We got a key from Olivia and she knows we’re gonna take care of the cat.”
He got in the car and looked up the address Gabe gave him.  It was a short drive.  They did the usual when they found him, Castiel driving while Gabe helped Chuck into the car and sat in back with him.
Cas was eating little pastries and nodding along to whatever the over-dressed couple he was standing with were talking about.  The man was wearing a suit and the woman was wearing a red dress that looked like something you wore to a fancy cocktail party.  The woman rolled her eyes and walked away, another woman joining her as they went off to the side.
Just as he had regulated his breathing, feeling the firm muscles that were relaxed beneath his warm skin, Dean turned over toward him.
“Oh yeah,” Sam bantered.  “Snows so much we couldn’t use our own lanes three weeks last winter, our closest neighbor (Bobby) has a safe room, and I buried that shapeshifter Charlie caught under the chicken coop in my yard last night.  Lebanon Road is the pinnacle of safe havens.”
“Cas!” Dean laughed.  Castiel cut anything else off with a heated kiss that had Dean’s hands pulling his shirt off.
Cas tried not to smile at his choice of words, but even Dean had to relent a bit with a sigh.  He leaned into Cas’ chest, letting him hug him.
Castiel realized how well he was doing talking to Dean.  He wasn’t even nervous.  He wasn’t even blushing.  Maybe his de-sensitization bullshit was actually doing more than fuel him with masturbation material.
Cas narrowed his eyes and looked at his watch.  Gabe moved on, heading to the next room to repair a bed that he had already repaired once before.  He stopped in the doorway as a police officer stepped out of Goldy’s old room across the hall.
“Aw, fuck,” Dean cried quietly, hunching his shoulders as his hand raced along the cum-slicked cocks.
“The fact that it took your fear and used it against you...I had no idea it was a psychological thriller in such a gory movie!” Kevin ranted, extra amped up from having candy and soda.
Castiel’s first day of work was a lot to take in.  The day began with a 7am change of shift unit meeting where he was introduced to some of the staff and listened to a briefing of how the residents faired the past night.  He went with the other RN to hand out meds to all the residents.  After that, he spent several hours in a visitor’s lounge reviewing charts to get to know his new charges.  Fred Jones sat quietly by his side watching cartoons, saying and interacting very little.  Nonetheless, Castiel enjoyed his quiet presence.
Dean shook his head no.  “They’ll know more than that!  They’ll know everything about you.  How awesome you were.  Are!”
“It’s gonna be fine!” Gabe waved him off.  He leaned in with an impish smile toward Dean.  “How pissed was he?”
“Fine, I’m going upstairs,” Dean griped.  “Alone, ya know, cuz it’s always smart ta split up, right?”
Castiel gasped when Dean straddled him over the blankets.  “Ready for training level two?”  Dean grinned, putting both open hands on Castiel’s sides.
Sam drilled the final screw to mount the pegboard onto the long wall of the small shed at the back corner of their yard.  He was glad he had finally beaten Dean to a project and felt quite accomplished as he began putting pins in it to hang tools.  Being a home owner meant fixing your own problems, so he was actually excited to hang the tools he had gotten from Dean.  He pulled a rubber mallet from one of the boxes, hefting it into his hands.  This was an old tool.  The wooden handle was worn smooth and some stray scratches marred the wood.  It was his father’s.  Sam stared at it, remembering the stash of tools his father always carried in the trunk of their car.  This was one of them.  Dean must have saved some of the old tools as he added new ones to build the collection.  He was tempted to get rid of it, but his frugal side told him it was just a mallet.  He sighed, hanging the heavy thing on the board.  At some point, he’d be glad he kept it, he supposed.
He pulled his phone out, seeing he had five missed calls from Dean, two voicemails, and a text.  He had twelve missed calls and eight texts from Gabe.
“Sam.  Winchester.  My husband.  What happened to small town gossip?  I figured every officer in here knew who we all were!”
“Using language like that...h-e-double hockey sticks?  Kissing!  You should have your mouths washed out with soap.”
“Hey,” Sam, now that he’d diffused the situation, wasn’t quite sure what to say or do with it.  “Would you happen to have a nail?  I was working in my shed and...I...can’t seem to find any nails.”
Gabe sighed.  “I will never get the last hour of my life back.  I hope you know that.  Even Fletcher thinks Garth is weird.”
Dean nodded, shoving away whatever Sam had inadvertently unearthed and set his jaw in what Sam now dubbed his ‘cop jaw’.
The Scooby gang has handed Donna quite a lot to work with.  As all the bad guys are put away and Charming Acres begins to recover, there is only one real mystery left to solve.
They ran.  Ran away.  For the first time, they felt like brothers.  True brothers.  Bleeding together will do that.  They both had shards of glass on the sides of their faces.  They pulled the chunks of glass out and took care of each other for two days.
“Sam,” Dean said seriously, slumping in his chair a bit as his cheeks held a pink glow, showing he was about half tanked, “this place is Crazytown.  I feel like I have the crazy ON me!”
“They’re all robots,” Gabe muttered, waiting for him on the porch.  He grinned and waved to the silver-haired neighbors.
“You and Gabe make Christmas a way better thing.”  He knew an admission like that would go a long way to keep Dean better balanced.  “C’mon.  It’s show time.”  He slapped Dean’s shoulder with a warm grin, reaching past him to jam his finger on the doorbell again.
“Please,” Balthazar shook his head, looking like he might jump out the nearest window.  “I’m here against my lawyer’s advice.”
Castiel closed his eyes again, knowing he should get up.  But the scent of woods and leather smelled so heavenly.
Dean chuckled, letting him go.  “Yeah.  Time out until bedtime.”  He stopped Cas from opening the door.  “Cas.  I’m not sorry we did any of this.  I’m only sorry I...I didn’t know.  I didn’t know I liked you...or any guy for that matter, like that.  I...”
All three of them pulled back hastily as the side door opened and a man came out, shutting the door carefully.
Dean put his arm around Castiel to turn and look as he backed out.  “Sorry,” Dean grinned, so in his space Castiel could smell his body wash.
Dean licked his lips, he reached over, bypassing his hand to put his open palm on his chest, pressing him back.  Castiel’s eyes went wide as he laid back.  “No kissing,” Castiel whispered.
“Right,” Ed nodded, potentially not buying the excuse.  “It’s too bad.  You missed our mayor’s campaign speech.  The voting will be in November.  Hope you can make it to the corn soup rally tomorrow at the fair ground.  I’m sure he’ll speak again.”
“Go!” Dean waved frantically toward the back door, herding them all around the butcher block and outside.  They ran, vaulting over benches on the patio, high jumping hedges and bushes until all three disappeared into the tree line of Bobby’s property, none of them stopping until they dropped onto Rufus’ front porch, heaving for air, and adrenaline still pumping hard.
Sam’s jaw dropped, as Cas had fully suspected it would.  Marion’s room was by far the most cluttered of all the resident’s rooms.  She had a table and chairs by the window.  The window sill and the four tall shelves lining the walls held an assortment of figurines, plants, trinkets, photos, and odd items.  The walls were covered with paintings and pictures.  Little bird houses hung from the ceiling in every corner, and besides the table set, there was a recliner across from a TV, and her bed, and nightstand in the corner.  The entire room reminded Cas of the inside of a camper turned into a gift shop.  Little fountains bubbled and wind chimes tinkled lightly in front of her intake vent.  When you turned the lights off, there were night lights and things that glowed so much he had no idea how she slept.  Her daughter was one of the owners of Good Graces Cafe and often brought her food and fun things that made Marion giggle.  She was a sweet woman and she adored Gabe.
“Naomi,” Sam said, stepping forward, “this is all my fault.  I’m the one who got in the fight.  Cas just jumped in because Mrs. Nelson said whoever was in the fight couldn’t go to graduation.  I...”
The bedroom section had a sleek, black dresser with a TV on top, two black night stands, and a large bed with a velvety silver/white bedspread.  Throw pillows of white, silver, gold, and black satin adorned the comfortable looking bed.  Above it hung a huge picture of a mountainscape in black foreground and a vast and beautiful spread of the night sky, stars bright and the Milky Way in all its splendor.
Cas frowned, but quickly schooled his confusion when Deb answered the door, dabbing fresh tears from her cheeks.  Dean assumed they were fake tears.  Why else would a murderer be crying?
“Bobby called me, and I left work right away, luckily you two got out anyway.  My poor baby!” Gabe pouted, inspecting Sam’s finger.
“Yep, the original.  Me and Chuck have been watching it the last few days,” Sam answered distractedly.
Sam stared after her, completely baffled.  Suddenly aware of himself, he closed his mouth and turned back to the kids, finding both of them staring at him.  He jerked to an upright position, shocked they were paying attention and wondered just what they saw or noticed.
Dean’s brows jumped again.  He leaned closer whispering sternly, “You two are officially the WORST cops EVER.”
Fighting his heart rate down, his blush down, and swallowing the yelp that almost burst from him, he turned to Dean.  “You scared the shit outta me.”
They all clammed up as the crowd’s attention was drawn to Fletcher crying.  Gabe left with him, making some sort of excuses as he headed out Melanie’s kitchen door for the yard (and some space).
Sam yanked his boxers down.  The jostling had Gabe’s eyes open, watching his husband.  He was wearing boxers of his own and nothing else, hair falling into his eyes, but Gabe could still see the firm set to Sam’s jaw.  Ohhhh, that was his Sammy’s tell.  He was gonna get fucked.  Hard.
“I’ll see,” he said, going to the laundry room hastily.  The knob was near the finish mark, so he pulled the door open.  Warm, dry sheets fell into his hand.  He pulled them out with a triumphant grin.  “They’re done!” He called, folding them hastily.  He shot the brothers a grin as he rushed through the kitchen.  “I’ll be right back,” he said, going out the door.
“Hey, hey!  There’s the jailbird!” Dean grinned, standing up to hug Gabe as he walked into the room.
Sam grinned, waving as he got in his car and pulled away.  Naoki and Olivia’s house was still dark, so he figured they must still be at the hospital.  He went back inside to fill Gabe in on everything they found out today.
All the sitting and talking led to munching, which led to poker.  Poker led to whiskey.  And now they were all half drunk and had been playing for three hours.
Several minutes later, Dean came back with a wet washcloth.  “This is messier than...” he handed Castiel the wet cloth.
Dean weighed the pros and cons.  He really wanted that body to not be a problem for his friend.  But Bobby was right.  The neighbors watched him like a hawk.  He wished Bobby had just told him, so he could keep Sam, Cas, and Gabe out of it, but since he’d come on the visit, the four of them had been pretty much inseparable.
They stopped, looking at each other.  “Come home,” Castiel pleaded.  “And if you need anything, you come find me.  You told me the same thing once, a long time ago.  It works both ways.”
Sam and Dean exchanged an excited glance, Dean adding, “We think he’s covering up Gary Frieling’s murder.”
The screen door swung open, Gabe, Sam, and Cas coming onto the porch mid chatter about Camille and whether her vision was truly a reliable clue.
“What?” Sam laughed.  “Come on!  They’re proud!  And they should be proud.  It’s a good thing to be safe.”
Gabe put his arm around Cas’ shoulders, pulling him into his side, resting his chin in his brother’s thick hair.  “I’m proud of you.”
Sam grinned as Gabe went on about their ordeal with getting their furniture moved.  He took the distraction to kick Dean’s toe under the table, lifting one brow when his brother looked up at him half startled.  “You good?” He mouthed.
“Me either,” Cas admitted.  “But it’s better than being outright enemies.  And he sure came in handy today.”  He grinned, watching the two bicker over song choices.
“I think these are ready for the table,” Gary said, holding the platter for Justin to put them on.  Don Stark meandered away, and Gary and Justin avoided eye contact.
“Wanna take a walk around the neighborhood?” Dean asked.  “I’ve been meaning to check the place out better since we met so many people at the picnic.”
Sam blinked in shock.  “Dean always did defend him to the end.  He acts like dad’s approval matters more than anything.  He...damnit!”
Dean let go of his cock, Castiel’s body deflating.  Had he just ruined it?  Were they going too far?
Castiel knew he was blushing profusely.  He stared down at Dean’s carpeted floor, eventually letting his eyes travel up to his nightstand.  There was a picture of his family, dad and all.  There was a picture of Dean sitting in the driver’s seat of the Impala with a boss grin.  Castiel grinned, remembering the day Dean got his license.  Sam was sitting next to him, Charlie by the door.  In the back seat, Castiel grinned with Gabe, Chuck, and Jo all squished in with him.  It had been a fun day.
“When I first came back, he wanted to tell the cops that he had done it and let me walk away clean.  I won’t let him.  All he did was help.  He gave up his life for me!”
“I’ll feed Loki,” Bobby offered with a shrug.  “Gotta say,” he grinned, “didn’t see that coming.  Seen you two idjits hauled off before...but can’t say I expected Gabe and Cas to be so belligerent with a cop.”
The door to the house opened and Bobby stepped onto his wood porch with a grin.  “Can’t believe you actually dragged that old bastard out of his yard!”
Dean took a deep breath, wincing at the sharp pain that ached in his head like he’d been...oh, like he was hit over the head.  His eyes blinked, taking in the now familiar sight of the Carrigan’s kitchen.  He wondered how the hell the pair had carried him and Sam upstairs.  He tugged his hands, which were tied to the arms of a chair he was sitting in.  Ropes secured his ankles and wrapped around his shoulders, keeping him tied completely to the chair.
“Pretty much”, Gabe admitted.  “Fred’s real quiet.  He likes playing cards on good days.  I thought I saw you a few times in there, Bobby, but I wasn’t sure it was you.”
Cas laughed just as hard as he did, until they both simmered into sighing, smiling, slumping stupors.
“Fuck these people.  They don’t own Christmas,” Dean argued, shifting uneasily as he banged on the door.
Fletcher tipped his head the whole way back to peer up at Sam, who grinned, squeezed his hand, and let it go.  “Sure.  I’ll be right here at this table.”
“What was Melanie doing at the retirement home?  I thought she was a professional psychic,” Sam asked, sitting up.
“Wow,” Dean said, so much more going on behind his playful smirk that he was, thankfully, not sharing with the group.
Dean got up, sending Lily running.  Worry crept into his chest at how defeated Cas looked, standing there with slumped shoulders and sorrow etched into his brow.  “Is the place that bad?  Don’t work there if it’s terrible!” He hugged Cas to him, wanting to erase anything that made him sad.  Cas laid his head heavily on Dean’s shoulder, hugging him back.  Dean rubbed a hand up and down his back slowly.  “I’m sorry you had such a bad day.  I have dinner in the oven.  Melanie left us some -”
“I know,” Gabe answered easily, tucking hair behind Sam’s ear.  “It just means I’m not gonna get laid in front of our fireplace.  Because we have a fireplace.  In our living room that we share with no one.  In our own house.”
Dean gripped his hips, steering him onto the huge cushion with him.  They moved to the center of it, loving the feel of skin on skin.  Cas laid back, letting Dean cover him with tender strokes and kisses, stopping to suck his dick multiple times.
They lightly searched all three bedrooms, only finding basic jewelry in Cindy’s room that looked like things she would wear.  They gathered Fletcher’s telescope and chart and left the house.
Dean walked over to the coffee pot, unfazed and most likely unaware of how his handsome face and lean build could effect anyone.
“That’s okay!  Go at your own pace, dude.  He’s probably eagerly awaiting more.  What was his name again?”
“Hope to see everyone at the bake sale next week!”  He waved around to the crowd, others returning it cheerfully.  He left with a gaggle of people following him to the side of the house.
“I... I want to tell you.  But...can it wait until we’re home?” Castiel said quietly, turning the water off.
Castiel looked up at Dean, sliding his thumb back and forth against his hand.  “Wild, was the word he used.”
Fletcher hugged him, making Gabe finally grin.  With Gabe came Dean and Melanie, Cas shortly after, still shaking off the Smiths.
That morning, before anyone left, Castiel told them all that he was gay.  Like the friends he knew they were, they only had support to share.
“I know,” Gabe shrugged, knowing he had just won over Sam’s heart for the millionth time.  He looked down at the little, curly-haired boy.  “Want some popcorn?”
“So, I knock on the Carrigan’s door.  That’ll distract nosy Nellie while you muttonheads sneak in the back door.  Got it?”
Cas woke, not even realizing he had fallen asleep.  He was warm and clean, wrapped in Dean’s arms and a cocoon of blankets.  Dean breathed warm and steady just under his ear.
Sam stood on his front porch wearing a suit, looking over Lily Dale Lane.  He felt defeated.  Like the very town he had invested his hopes and dreams into was nothing short of false advertising.  The serene imagery that had once made him smile, was now painted in distrust.  The sprinklers that spritzed the pristine lawns, the waves of his neighbors walking by, and the perfectly painted front doors were all taunting him.  Water from the sprinklers ran like tears down the reindeer’s face of the Carrigan’s gaudy lawn ornaments.  The Smiths looked like perfect assholes with their smart clothes and fake waves.  And the door to the Whittaker’s held secrets he did not understand.
Bobby had shared a little, but Dean suspected the tidbits he’d given so far were just the tip of the iceberg.
Sam tapped his straw to the bottom of his glass, stabbing his ice cream with a thoughtful frown.  “No, that would be ridiculous.  But we could do some digging.  See what we can turn up.  I mean, if we’re going to stay here, we should know what kind of place we’re raising our children in.”
At the moment, they lay sprawled out on one of the cabanas that had the roof rolled back and tied off, giving them a huge view of the night’s sky.  The thick cushion of what was technically a bed made to be outside, was soft under their backs, and gave them a nice place to stretch out.
“You’re a pain in the dick,” Gabe snapped at Chuck.  “You gotta quit getting so trashed you don’t know where the fuck you are or what you did.”
Cas moaned softly, spreading his knees.  Dean bent down, kissing him hard, pressing two fingers inside.  He pulled up, watching, eyes roving Cas’ face.  Lightening flickered.  Thunder rolled.  Dean flicked one finger, crooking the other, jolting Cas with a shock of pleasure.
Once they were back to the Carrigans’ house, Ed invited them inside, but they neatly declined, taking Fletcher to their own house.
“Let him smell your hands.  Please.”  Cas knew it was a strange request, but he had long since given up on not being strange.
“Don’t get your panties in a twist.  The picture...the, the, the picture from your wedding!  You, me, Gabe, Cas.  It’s one of my favorites,” he finished quietly.
The back door opened, and Dean came in covered in sweat.  All he had on were jeans and boots.  His t-shirt was stuffed into his back pocket, hanging down like a work rag.  It showed stains of black grease.  His hands were grimy, and his jeans were stained with grass and grease.
Sam hugged him back, his head tipping down to rest atop his head of curly brown hair.  “Hi, Fletcher.”  The little boy’s hug tightened, and Sam took it, feeling himself truly relax inside for the first time since this morning.  He sat up, finally, smiling at his little friend’s worried frown.
“I’m not gonna puke.  One time!  One time I got sick at an amusement park and suddenly everyone’s a critic!” Gabe guffawed.
“With who?” Castiel asked, coming to sit on his own, neatly made bed.  He couldn’t stem his curiosity.
Dean huffed a laugh, turning a warm grin toward him, exactly what Cas had been aiming for.  Encouraged, he rested his other hand on Dean’s hip, not missing the little intake of breath.  “And this was Sheri, a nurse I worked with.  Africa is amazing.”  He let go, stepping back to give Dean room again.  Dean licked his lips, setting the picture down gently.
Dean groaned, stepping into Cas’ space, sighing when he wrapped an arm around his shoulders.  “We gotta get back over to the Carrigans before they move the jewels, if they haven’t already.”
“My intellect!” Rufus said as if he were blind to the blatant facts.  “And...I...we, you and me, Bobby, can check into the Naoki’s house.  See if we can’t figure out why they’re sick.  Keeps you and me outta trouble with Chip and The Starks.”
“Well!  How are you boys doing?” Ed Carrigan asked, coming up behind them with a tray full of tiny sandwiches.
“So,” Castiel said, going up on his elbow again, his hand landing lightly on Dean’s chest.  “We...mess around here and when we get home, we go back to what we used to be.”
He glanced up at the smoky sky.  The fireworks were over.  Gabe and his friends would be looking for them.  He wanted to tell Sam and Gabe what happened.  He had kissed Dean!  But Dean hadn’t really meant it.  The moment was not meaningful to Dean.  Not life-changing like it was for Castiel.
Dean grinned, he and Cas passing Sam and Gabe where they had halted in his gravel driveway.  “Hey, Rufus.”
“Calm down, Gabriel,” Dean clipped, pointing at him to make his point.  “You can’t attack Sully or Garth.  That’s like kicking puppies.  You just don’t do it.”
Stumbling back, they all did their best not to trip over each other.  Sam wiped a hand down his face as he went to open the door.
Dean thought about it.  “You moved across the country to be here with us.  You can look at that two ways.  One, you’ve moved.  You can easily move again.  Or two, you already moved once.  Make her move here.”
Cas made a mockingly shocked face back at him before falling into an easy grin again.  “It’s fine.  I know you’ll figure you’re way out of it sooner or later.”
“The people love me!” Chip shrugged.  “I told them these deaths were all due to people’s hearts stopping.  That’s not a lie!”
“You said, kiss me goodnight.” Cas whispered, teasing both his nipples lightly as he leaned down, kissing him.
As they got ready, Castiel could not stop smiling.  He loved Dean.  He was a Dean guy.  And though he was working hard to push Dean past his comfort zones, he kept the rest of their morning conversation light.
There was nothing Dean could do to reel Gabe in at that point.  By the time Officer Kontos left Kripke Manor, he had Gabe and Cas both in handcuffs, and an eager Charlie.  All three sat in the backseat of the cruiser and pulled away.
“Gabe,” he said, shaking her surprisingly strong hand.  “Gabriel Winchester.  Head of maintenance and housekeeping.”
He dove in for a kiss that his entire body sang for.  He had never known he could love someone this hard.  He was inside Dean within minutes, shoving, sliding, rocking.  He planted a hand into the mattress, Dean anchoring himself by gripping his wrist.  He bucked his hips harder, harder, faster, tipping to meet Dean’s prostate, watching him gasp and squeeze his eyes shut in pleasure.  Dean began whining, a wanting croon that sped his pace and deepened his thrusts to give him what he wanted.
“Uh.  No!  That would go over real well.  Hey Brooke, I know you don’t know me that well, but, I have this gay friend who’s paaaaainfully shy.  Mind if we hold hands from time to time?”
“It’s a tiny school district.  Just the two buildings, so Sully and I make up the entire counseling department.”
He glanced across the busy yard, seeing two men talking by the grill.  The kids were sitting in the grass listening raptly to whatever the hell Sully was talking about.  Dean was managing to socialize with Melanie and Camille, Bobby, and Rufus.  Dean always did manage to gravitate toward the grouchiest of people.  He wasn’t sure who looked grumpier though, Bobby or Rufus.
Sam had said as much, but Castiel still found it hard to believe that Dean would even notice him there.
Bobby slammed on the brakes, kicking up loose stones and the dirt plumed, settling around them as the six men stared at each other.
They walked the few blocks home.  It was raining and a rumble could be heard far off in the distance.  They huddled together under umbrellas, the rain sobering them all quickly.
The young woman frowned, opening her palms to let Buddy smell her.  He did so, with interest.  He walked away from her, sitting next to Cas’ leg, grumbling.
Castiel swept his hand up the silky skin, watching Dean’s mouth part.  He ran his hand down and up again.  Dean’s head lifted, mouth still open slightly.
“Right.”  He rang up the gas and ice, taking a fifty from Dean.  He made change, double-checking the amount on the register since his brain had short-circuited along with his hands.
“What kind of date would I be if I left you with black coffee?” Gabe grinned, taking the mug to add creamer to it.  Sheila had short, straight gray hair cut in a bob, usually dressed in a beret.  She was a sweet, kind little lady who usually called him Richie no matter how many times he or the others corrected her.  She would just smile up at him dreamily and apologize, insisting he looked like her second ex-husband, Richie.
Dean swatted Sam’s pushy hands away just before he stepped out the front door, trying his damnedest to pull off a look of cool, calm, and collected.
“Porch light at the Whittakers!” Gabe said the second a light popped on in front of him.  Bobby’s rustling stopped and Gabe watched as Wayne came out back, talking on his phone.
Sam laughed as he heard Dean’s feet squeaking on the tub, crowding into a corner to avoid the scalding or freezing shower spray.
Dean hugged him back.  He was happy his brother was feeling better.  He deserved the best of everything.  “You’re welcome, Sammy.”
“Charlie chewed Dean out pretty good.  The more he explained what you and he had been doing, the more she yelled.  She thinks Dean took advantage of you.”
“Dinner is served at seven on the dot.  Pot roast tonight,” she beamed a grin, which Cas fumbled to return.  “No visitors after eight.  Wouldn’t be proper.  And no lady callers except in the parlor.”
“I’ve seen that before,” Cas said softly, squinting to make out the now blurry details.  “The square...I think it’s tea.”
“Still with us, Bobby?” Dean rasped, Sam checking the screen to see him peering back at both of them.
Gabe handed Cas several pieces of paper.  “It’s all there.  He dropped all his charges and Donna had all Kontos’ charges dropped.  Charlie and I just have to sign these forms and the whole thing is over.”
Castiel turned to look at him again.  Everything would be gone by morning, wouldn’t it?  But that was the game he had tempted fate to play.  Unless...
Luc stepped up to him again, his hands gripping his hips.  “I think I could get used to you bein’ around here more often.  Tell ya what, if you put that baby to bed when I get home, I promise I’ll put you to bed.”
The carpeted steps softened their footfalls as they descended.  What they found was an abnormally tidy laundry room and a storage room.  They spread out, searching through boxes, but found nothing.  Upon closer inspection, there were no other doors and nothing that looked remotely like jewelry stashes or anything that warranted Fletcher being not allowed.
Gabe leaned forward.  He loved his husband dearly, but he still had rose-colored glasses on when it came to this town.  “Sam.  It seems VERY important to the people here that things appear picturesque.  APPEAR being the key word.  Something is seriously off in Charming Acres.”
They went inside, Garth taking in the empty built-in shelves and freshly buffed hardwood floors.  “Gosh.  I can’t wait to move in.”
Castiel grinned into his pillow where no one could see.  He reached down, his own hand skating over Dean’s, stopping to squeeze it gently.  He grabbed the hem of his own shirt and pulled it up, squirming slightly to hike up the material.  Dean’s hand went back to work quickly, sliding up his side, pushing the shirt up until he managed to pull Cas’ arm out of his sleeve, exposing his whole shoulder, arm, and side.  Dean continued sweeping across his skin.
“So fucking hot, Cas,” Dean muttered, keeping his hand steady for Cas to fuck onto.  He rubbed his other lubed hand around Cas’ entrance.  He moaned in frustration, hoping that hand was going to grab his cock.  His dick jumped with want, cum slinging from the tip.
Cas leaned just a bit closer.  “Are you teasing that poor innocent girl over there?  She’s drooling over you and she surely thinks you’re straight.  And available.”
“Cuz Garth’s here.  And they’re talking about...stuff.  And I don’t wanna hear Mr. Fizzles.”  The bottom lip came out in a full pout, making Gabe melt.
“What is this place?  Jody said it was like a...safe house.  But I never heard of a safe house like this.”
Cas pressed his mouth together, unsure what to say to her.  She was so young.  And yet, knew about so much already.
“It’s like in the old movies,” Cas went on, grinning out at the road, “or country music videos,” his hand slid just a bit higher up his thigh, his thumb sweeping back and forth enough to lull Dean into feeling even more relaxed.
Dean’s eyebrows jumped and a smile stuttered across his lips.  Dean laughed a little, his cheeks pinking at the response.  “Yeah, uh, it’s...time.”
“No,” Dean said, taking his first sip of coffee.  “Cas swears if he hadn’t come in to work this morning that Fred would be drooling by tomorrow and dead by Tuesday.”
“Mrs. Smith!” He yelled, hopping his white picket fence, cutting through the Frieling’s yard at a run.  “Cindy!”
“Unfortunately,” Cas said with a weight that had everyone turning to hear him, “I do not think it wise to wait for next weekend.  I’m not sure Fred will be safe that long.”
Dean’s eyes raked over the inside of the house.  It matched the yard in that there was interesting stuff tucked everywhere.  Stacks of books had Sam and Cas’ attention as Gabe gave a gun on the mantle a wide berth, making Dean chuckle.
She smiled like she knew something he didn’t and left the pair alone.  She always smiled like she knew something he didn’t.
Bobby blew out a breath, eyes rolling toward the brim of his hat as his head wagged back and forth in calculation.  “Musta been...twenty-five years ago.”
Castiel settled his thoughts and stilled his mind.  He pulled Dean’s hand, putting it on his side.  Though he had a t-shirt on, he could still feel every ounce of heat and every flex or move his hand made.
“Actually,” Sam said, fighting hard to keep his temper, “studies have shown that having an imaginary friend is a sign of high intelligence and encourages communication skills, along with boosting self-esteem.”
Cas was up on one elbow again, grinning at him.  “There is more than one way to tell someone you love them.  I just happen to be fluent in Dean Winchester body language.”
Sonny, her eyes looking sharper than the other robots, actually stopped pouring coffee to talk.  “No.  Because if there was a real problem, they might have to admit that someone in Charming Acres wasn’t actually perfect.”
The man sighed, looking like he really did not want to share whatever it was that laid heavy on his shoulders, making Dean almost feel bad.  It also validated his theory that Bobby knew something vital to figuring out what was wrong with this town.
Cas’ eyes met his, just as soft and blue as if they were sitting in the kitchen having coffee together.  “Now that, Dean Winchester, is a lie.”
A knock sounded on the front door and then opened, making all of them turn to see who was comfortable enough to just knock and come straight inside.
Inias, the florist the couple had chosen cleared his throat from the open front door.  “Morning, Cas.”  He grinned, probably having witnessed that entire little Gabe tornado.
Several cars were parked along the cliff edge already.  “Looks like some of the regulars are already here,” Luc grinned, getting out of the car.
Sam sat on the couch heavily with a sigh.  “Where the hell was Donna?  I had two cops grilling me and Chip standing in the corner like a freaking mob boss!”
Gabe sighed.  He brought the walkie talkie to his mouth.  “This is Curbside.  We’re calling tonight a bust.  The Cunninghams are still watching TV.”
Castiel grinned.  Tessa’s father really was a macabre man.  It was as if he carried a cloud of death with him.
“The way your mouth presses together all tight and mad,” Dean continued, pulling Cas’ shirt off of him.
Their hang-out was the Winchester’s basement.  It had painted cinderblock walls and dingy carpet.  It held two full couches.  An old coffee table was where most of them propped their feet.  A big TV sat at one end.  The furniture was considered indestructible for the most part.  The TV and video game system were the only thing of any value.
Why was he not gracing the cover of every magazine?  He could star in any role!  Model any product!  How was the world not hounding down his door, following his every move?  He had never in his life, in all his travels, met someone so effortlessly gorgeous.
Gabe squinted, watching Mrs. Frieling’s slim figure pass under the streetlight.  She was on a mission.  She passed the creepy-Christmas-Carrigan’s house, passed the nosy-Nellie lady’s house, and much like her husband’s visitor, snuck along the next house and into the back yard, disappearing.
Sam scrubbed a hand through his hair, frowning hard.  “I just caught Cindy Smith screaming at her kid in the back yard.”  He sat on the couch next to Gabe, laying down to put his head in Gabe’s lap as he hastily moved the paper away.  “I thought she hit him.”
“I’ll sue the shingles off that monstrosity of a stone heap!  You ruined my sign!  Over nothing!  It meant nothing!”
“I’m gonna go see the lion!”  Claire’s face lit up.  It was hard to crack that sullen exterior most of the time, so Dean was glad to see her get excited.  She went out the back door without another word.
“He did,” Cas nodded sadly.  “I specialized in hospice care during my last three assignments.  It’s one of the reasons I’m looking for a change.”
Castiel tempered a whine or groan or whatever sound threatened to escape his throat.  He wanted Dean to grip those hands tighter on him and kiss him.  To hell with the room full of people with them.  He wanted Dean’s mouth on his.  He wanted that kiss from the park with him on his back and Dean over top of him.
Bobby only looked mildly surprised.  “Didn’t take you two long to figure out how things work around here.”
“Let’s just say, eating pie whenever you want has negative effects on enamel when you NEVER go to a dentist.”
Dean didn’t like it.  Not one bit.  There was something wrong here.  It seemed like there was something wrong in every nook and cranny of this freaking town.  And he had a real short fuse for asshole parents, which Cindy and Justin Smith must be.
Sam and Dean headed down the porch steps, crossing the street to the Carrigans.  Nosy Nellie, pointlessly checking her empty mailbox, gave them a scathing look as she scrambled into her house.
Dean rocked his hips in response, his eyes closing.  Castiel slid his stubbled chin over Dean’s other nipple, releasing the first one.  His hand, splayed open wide, slid down Dean’s abs to the line of his shorts.
The front door banged shut and rushing footsteps brought Dean into the kitchen looking quite excited.  “Cas!  Did ya get the job?”
Gabe had pulled his phone out and started a video.  “What else did you do in the closet, stud boy, besides wear black lady panties?”
The rain poured steadily above and around them.  It was pitch black outside.  The power was still out and the candles had all been blown out.
Castiel watched, squished on the couch between Gabe and Chuck.  Sam was on the second couch next to Charlie and his cousin Jo.
Dean hummed in amusement, letting go of his ass to shove his running shorts down.  Cas kicked them away, along with his shoes and socks.
Dean pulled back, looking down at Castiel.  He could feel his lips slightly swollen and his breath racing.  His chest flooded with want.  Dean’s eyes tracked down his face to his mouth again and he kissed him again, no tongue, but all the passion of a romance novel.
The boys are trading in their milkshakes and free affirmations for something a bit more...well, you’ll have to read to see!
Gary was losing his battle to keep up a pretense that they were only talking and not arguing.  Don Stark didn’t look bothered a bit, but Justin was glaring at Gary.
It was as if none of it had happened.  And Dean had been right.  He had lived.  His heart still beat, and he was breathing on his own.
Sam chuckled, kissing him.  “Alright.  See you at dinner.”  He grinned and waved at Cas as he turned for home.
Sitting up, he quickly lubed his fingers and kissed Dean’s knee, making him grin.  As he held his gaze, he slid two fingers inside him easily.  He hummed his own happy noise as Dean breathed out steadily.  “Ooohh, you did do a VERY good job.”  He added a third, fluttering his fingers, delighting in the little pant it elicited.  He withdrew and angled himself quickly to push his own swollen dick inside him like a hand inside a well-loved glove.
He rolled them, putting Dean on the bottom, where he preferred to be, and where Cas loved to put him.
“That’s good to know,” Sam nodded, his eyes darting from her to Fletcher to Bobby and back.  “He’s been through a lot.”
“Oh my God,” Dean balked, looking into the first room, then quickly glancing into the next.  “Okay, now I’m totally freaked out.”
So, clearly Nellie and Wayne Whittaker were NOT going to be Winchester fans.  “Come on,” he said softly, scorning her rudeness with a glare.
Cas chuckled.  “I believe he ordered ‘pig’ and did threaten to punch the waiter in the face if he ‘affirmated me’.”
“No.  No one has ever asked me.  But I do share a room with you.  I know you better than anyone.  Mom included.  I can see when your brilliant blue eyes take a liking to someone.”
Dean lay on his bed, sound asleep.  He wished he could just get in bed and cuddle up to Dean, like Gabe did with Sam.  He stepped back out of the room and went back to bed on the couch.
It was enough to knock Gabe off his feet.  Castiel had stepped in, holding an arm out to deflect the next item, but it was more than his scrawny arm could stop.  A huge stone paperweight hit his hand, breaking two fingers.
“No, I don’t think he is,” Castiel said aloud, not really meaning to.  Everyone but Charlie and Chuck looked at him.  Gabe with one arched eyebrow.  “I just mean...” per usual, Castiel wished he hadn’t said anything, “Gabe doesn’t exaggerate.  And I really don’t think he’d care if...”
Gabe peered through what trees separated them from the Carrigan’s yard.  “They are STILL watching TV!  Is there a run of Christmas movies playing?  I thought old people went to bed early!”
“Come on, Sparkle!”  The little girl ran to join the others as her mom watched and PJ looked at his watch.
Dean huffed a laugh at the hopeful look on Cas’ face.  He nodded.  Cas grinned wider, looking at Krissy.  “Would you like that?”
“Well, hello there, neighbor!” Justin beamed up at him.  The guy was thin as a rail and his wire-rimmed glasses perched smartly on his nose.
