They’re important, god-awful teens who raid his cupboards, drool on his sofa cushions and leave their roaches on the porch steps like breadcrumbs made of Castiel’s cherry print rolling papers. And that’s all they ever need to be.
bonafide therapy, Dean’s the closest thing he’s ever been to a functioning citizen now in his own little freaky way. He hosts DnD nights for Jack’s community college friends, doesn’t splash their faces with holy water on the way in (still stirs it into the punch nonetheless, he’s reformed not reckless) and even goes to the fucking farmers market on Sundays with his volunteer librarian husband.
“You’re all good kid, like a mini-me,” the words slip out his mouth before he has a chance to catch them. But he doesn’t falter, doesn’t backtrack or exit the room like he’s about to hurl.
Now, Sam and Eileen want their own dorky version of that, too. Obviously, they’re not willing to go as far as the Oregon coast for their slice of abandoned paradise, but an old ranch in South Colorado called out to them. Sam thought the bunker was far too oppressive, too militant for his new regime of rehabilitation and positive affirmations.
“Don’t wanna inhale this stuff, buddy,” Dean chokes through the haze. Cas squints through the mist, the fine lines of his face deepening. “Trust me, think I lost brain cells from cans of this back in the day.”
Dean settles the phone awkwardly on the ledge of the kitchen top and draws his husband into a crushing embrace. Castiel, startled yet welcoming, brushes the small of Dean’s back with his hands. The weight of Cas’s wedding band, amongst the many wire wraparounds and gemstone oddities of Sam’s handmade witchy jewellery Etsy shop, is heavy through his old shirt. It’s firm, a hand to his spine to steady his posture and keep him tethered to the ground.
“I find it so odd,” Castiel starts absently setting the jars he’s been fiddling with on their wooden countertops. “Despite the lack of biological relation, he looks so much like you.”
“How times have changed,” he reaches for his husband and tugs him over for a quick kiss. “Will you get the hairdryer?”
Cas wears a glimmer of warmth on his lips as he plugs in the hairdryer at the wall, carding his fingers through Jack’s damp orange mess. He’s adoringly gentle with their son, careful to detangle any matted strands with slender fingers adorned in silver rings. The digits move something akin to moth-wings resisting a nighttime breeze, or a practised musician lovingly tuning an instrument prior to a big performance.  Innocent worship to the humanity he's assimilated himself with however much it changes around him. There’s still an echo of purple nail polish left on his cuticles, from his and Kaia’s late-night snack talks. The two of them struggle to sleep, more often than not, and rather than wake their respective heavy sleeping partners, they find comfort in each others company on the back porch shovelling organic hummus chips into their mouths and experimenting with kitschy cosmetic products impulse bought off of Etsy at 3AM.
“That’s a joke, Jack.” Castiel reminds him through a hand clamped over his nose and mouth. After another twenty minutes of intense grooming, sculpting and what feels like intense labour, Dean takes a step back to admire his and Castiel’s joint effort. At the top, Jack’s shaggy fringe is perked into long spikes. Dean managed well enough to comb the shorter sides into their own skinnier spindles, giving his whole head varying depths of orange spikes. He reaches out to Jack’s temples, tilting his head to rotate his reflection, catching every angle of jack o’ lantern orange spiked up in the mirror for prime inspection.
He joins Cas in the kitchen, where his husband now dutifully spoons flour into a jar of starter they’ve been keeping going for a while now. When that’s ripe, he’s going to make the best sourdough pizza this side of the Oregon coast. Top it with fresh, lush basil from Castiel’s garden, and six kinds of cheese from the grumpy bastard at the dairy stand of the farmer’s market. He’ll have the whole family over. Hell, maybe even have it on the beach.
“Is it the Jewel?” The look on his face is curious in a theatrical sense, an eyebrow quirked to the ceiling.
“Hey,” Dean’s voice cracks but it’s still jokingly stern. “That was super cool to me back then, we called ‘em liberty spikes.”
“Right— it’s kinda sweet she doesn’t want us to know, s'not like I’ve seen her wolf out that one time— what’s
Rowena and Meg. Dean’s not sure what they even talk about, but judging on the fact he’s never been invited— he doesn’t want to know.
for the monsters. Over time, he curbed that itch for the trigger. Just like vamps resisting bloodlust frenzy, so did he.
Later that evening, when they got home, like a dam breaking, Dean collapsed in on himself on the doormat. Folded inwards like he was a sodden den of corrugated cardboard. All the trauma he'd kept hidden from the world, from his new life. He barely made it in the hall before the awaited flood spilt out from his eyes and onto his slouchy sweater, darkening the worn velour.
“Jo- go get Benny quick!” Garth yelled and loosened his grasp on Dean, noticing how he had gasped when he grabbed his side. Jo shot a worried look at Dean and ran up the steps. Garth led Dean over to the kitchen so he could get a better look at what was going on. “Dean what happened?” He couldn’t get out any words in between his gasping breaths.
“Woah, you’re not going to walk home like this are you?” Cas asked, his head swaying in Dean’s vision. Man, he was going to be feeling this tomorrow. He laughed, straightening himself out, but not pulling away from Cas.
“Yea, one outside. I tried calling but… phone lines must be out.” He didn’t pull his eyes off his knuckles. “We can’t be the only ones left, right?”
“Wait he hurt his side!” Garth added, “I held him up earlier and he hurt his side.” Dean couldn’t hardly lift his arms over his head without wincing, and Benny helped him out of his shirt, tossing it to the table. Jo sucked in air with a gasp and Garth’s mouth dropped. Even after what she’d seen at the roadhouse after a long night, Jo couldn’t believe how horrible he looked. He had bruises littering his chest and stomach, not to mention his arms. His ribcage was swollen where Garth had grabbed him and his hands were shaking, touching lightly over the bruises.
“I couldn’t leave him Sammy. He said, he said everything.” Sam raised his eyebrow, leaning back in his chair. “Then we got taken and I searched for what felt like months to find him again.”
“You sure you're going to be able to get back in okay?” Benny asked over Billie, she sat between the two, throwing a concerned look at Dean. “We can wait a minute if you can’t.”
After the fight, people began to dissipate, it was nearing twilight anyway. He saw Cas glance over his shoulder quickly as one of his brothers, Gabriel elbowed him and pulled him into their car. He avoided thinking about the disappointment on Cas’s face, he didn’t know Dean, he had no right. Dean scowled and turned back to talk to Pam, making sure to compliment her and lean closer.
The kids drank their fill, some more than others. Jo and Garth ended up having to stay the night, Garth had passed out before the rest of them even started to head home. Dean’s head was spinning like a top and he was sure his fingers had fallen off because he couldn’t feel them, but he watched Cas move to grab his things, and he wished he could grab him right here and now. He remembered the other night and grinned.
“I don’t think you’re screwed up.” Cas stared at Dean with those big blue eyes, which made Dean smile to himself.
Jo quickly noticed how this bad idea was going downhill fast and put herself in between the boys. “Get out of here Gordon.”
“I’m fine,” he searched for a reason to step away, “Do you want some punch?” She didn’t have time to do anything but watch him hurry away towards the snack table. She huffed and made her way over to Jo and the girls.
The duo took out all their frustration and destructive energy out on the bottles, the many colors glittering onto their skin, catching Dean’s eye. Dean pulled him in and planted his lips firmly on Cas’s, making him drop a small jar at their feet, where it bounced and broke. This time, there was no urgency in their lips, Dean nibbled at his bottom lip and threaded his hands into the nape of Cas’s neck. Whose own hands rested on Dean’s hips, pulling him closer till they were pressed chest to chest. Dean stopped for a second and took in the sight of Cas, his eyes closed tight and the lights dancing across his face. He leaned back in and inhaled, kissing him softly from his lips to his jaw. He could smell the soap and aftershave on his skin where he put his mouth against his neck. Dean could feel Cas’s breath hitch against his mouth, his own hands gently outlining the seam of Dean’s pants where they met his stomach. The memory of the diner slipping quietly away as they grasped at each other, Dean’s hands playing with Cas’s dark hair and Cas running his hands along Dean’s waist which sent a shiver up his spine.
Friday finally came, little to no problems, until now. Dean and Sam walked in the door and John was immediately on their asses, bitching at them for leaving the back door unlocked, as though they had anything worth stealing, and the water had been shut off. Dean shoved Sam into the hallway as John’s fist swung at the nearest body landing in Deans stomach before his cheekbone, sending white pain through his left eye. John shoved him around like that for a few minutes before Dean shook him away and bolted to his room, throwing his back against the door behind him. John still yelling about Dean running away like a bitch, and how they were good-for-nothing pieces of shit.
“Hey, at least these ones are covered!” He joked, the ones on his neck weren’t nearly as bad. Thank God. “Well, sweetheart, I gotta go.” He froze at the nickname and hoped he sounded smooth, Cas didn’t seem to notice, and just buttoned his shirt back up. Dean waved and headed back to the front of the school to find Sam.
“I don’t know.” Dean fidgeted with his lighter but continued, “I guess so.” Cas looked back and sighed, offering him a mug. “Do you live here with just you two?” Dean looked around for any signs of pictures or anything but found none.
“We don’t know that.” Sam tried calling every number he had in the next hour, trying to find anyone who would pick up, but no one did. “I think we need to find Chuck.” And he shouted at the walls of the bunker for Chuck to show his face
“They are fascinating,” he started, before going off onto a tangent about them. Talking excitedly about how interconnected they are, and how intricate the process is for them to create honey, and the queen’s role in the hive. Dean watches his face, and his eyes fall to Cas’s lips, which are moving quickly to keep up with his mind. He watches him like this until he notices Cas has stopped suddenly, eyes wide and blue as the chlorine pools of the summer. Deans mouth dries up and he notices how close they are, only inches apart. For the second time this evening, Dean’s body betrays him. Leaning in, until they are breathing the Same air, Castiel’s blue eyes wide with terror and cheeks flush. Dean stops. Suddenly very aware of what he is doing, and where he is at, and practically launches himself backwards onto his feet.
“I’m sorry, I was wasted, and I walked back home.” He looked into her eyes, and then away guiltily. “You guys were still having fun, didn’t want to break the mood.”
Jo came down the steps, Benny and Billie almost on top of her trying to see what the hell she had woken them up for.  They screeched to a stop in the kitchen doorway when they saw how Dean looked in the light of the kitchen, which shone painfully into Dean’s not-swollen eye.
“Hey, you’re kinda friends with him, right?” Jo asked, startling Dean from his thoughts. “Do you know who it is?”
“Thanks.” Dean could only stare in amazement that Cas cared for him like that. “I wish we could run away, not worry about any of this anymore.” Cas pulled him into a hug and held him tightly against himself.
Dean tossed and turned all night, trying desperately to drive the image of Cas out of his head. All of this was his own fault, John’s words rang through his head for what seemed like the twelfth time today. Fuck. From the beginning, it was Dean’s fault. He was the one who initiated everything. And now he was paying the price. He couldn’t even roll over without a sharp pain shooting up his side. It was around two and he couldn’t sleep. He couldn’t even properly toss and turn.
“Come on, you’re going to get hypothermia out here.” Dean started off towards his room, not bothering to check if Cas was following. They walked quietly, and Dean opened the door letting Cas into the motel room. “I have some clothes you can use.” He was almost whispering, pulling an old band tee and flannel tossing them onto the bed. “I’m not sure about the pants though.”
Outside, the sun hadn’t risen yet and the air was still crisp with wind. Before too long, it would be to cold to go for runs in the morning. Cas watched the clouds roll overhead and loosened up his shoulders, feeling the dull ache of a bruise swelling on his chest from last night. His feet pounded against the pavement, passing Billie’s house and turning left towards Eagles Peak, a small lookout over the river. He slowed down as he neared the edge and slumped down, sitting criss cross. The river thrashed quickly below. Cas remembers the previous night, and Dean. He did provoke him, but Dean beat on him more than he expected. He touched his cheek softly where he had been hit, it was still sore but not too swollen or anything. He had a cut on his eyebrow too, but his torso took the brunt of it. Dean had no fucking right to be pissed at Castiel. He didn’t initiate any of it.
He didn’t meet her eyes and saw that he walked back with only one cup, and he had emptied it out in the hall. “Oh uh, I forgot. Sorry.” He turned to leave again, but she stopped him and lowered her voice so that only he could hear.
“Cas,” His head shot up at his name, “It wasn’t your fault.” Dean stared down at their hands, feeling both calmed and panicked. His father’s voice singing in his head, but he looked up at Cas and melted. “It wasn’t your fault.”
At his birthday, his friends gathered around, Cas among them, beaming. He blew out his candles, wanting nothing more than what was right in front of him. Cas had become a fixture in their group after such a short time, partly due to Dean and Donna insisting he be invited the first few times, and everyone else warmed up to him soon after. He filled the space beside Dean seamlessly. John left shortly after Christmas, and still hadn’t been back. So, Dean went back to living in his house, figuring he still had a few weeks before he’d show up again. Him and Sam settling in like they always did, Cas stayed there more often than not. Sam was just glad to see Dean staying out of trouble, regardless of who for.
He hates to admit it to his lanky Sasquatch brother’s face— but it kind of worked. Dean’s aggression had tampered itself down a couple of notches, he no longer slept precariously on top of a demon blade stuffed under his pillow. Instead, he let the traps they carved the house with and their connection to Madame Hell herself do the job for them.
Jack stands by a stack of taped-up cardboard boxes. From the holes poked in the sides for carrying, Dean makes out a collection of comic books piled up in one. VHS tapes in another. From the lid of the final one that Jack leans over, there’s the handle of a grizzly looking machete peeking out of the serrated flaps.
“Woah, okay, yeah that worked,” Dean says with a double-take. “All we need now is to stick your ears a couple times over, huh?”
Dean tosses a screwed up ball of kitchen paper over at Eileen, who’s found her spot on the dining table— distinctly not helping him scrub the gaudy fifties splashback at all as she scrolls mindlessly on her phone, pausing at intervals to giggle at whatever she’s looking at.
her hair.” He raps lightly on the wood with his knuckle, expression drawn out into faux-shock horror at the reveal. He speaks low and hushed, for an added flair of the dramatic.
“Do you think I could do that with my hair?” He perks up, eyes wide with excitement. He touches his now-shaggy sandy-coloured mullet and pulls a strand of his fringe on its end. His anticipation rattles away with a litany of babbling questions. “How do you get it to stand up like that? What about the colour? Did you bleach it first? Claire told me not to tell anyone that she bleaches her hair but I really want hair like that. Will you show me?”
“Scooch over, hot stuff,” Dean's hip checks his husband as he reaches in the drugstore bag for the products he bought. Jack insisted on strictly scented ordeals of gels and mousse. Chemical smells, like the bleach, cause him to flinch, just like they do with Cas— perhaps, it’s that leftover molecules aspect. Could Jack smell the bonding agents in the gloopy mixtures? The heady cologne of the machine operator in the factory the bottles was assembled? Or, is it just the cushy tastes of one fussy angel and his organic, patchouli shampoo from the farmers market being passed down. “How we feeling so far, sweet child o’ mine? You ready for the spikes?”
It took him his sweet time getting there, even just to admit that the guy was a shitty dad in the first place, but Dean’s not John Winchester. Or, Mary Winchester. In fact, he's not anyone but himself. Yeah,
“Yeah, he kinda does, don’t he?” Dean grins and pushes back the tears that welled up in his eyes. He scrubs his face with his bare palm, a breath of disbelieving laughter escaping his lips. “God, come ‘ere you.”
“Yeah, well, thanks for that one, gorgeous.” Dean still finds himself breathless at the simple admission of these intricate moments of their life. The fact that Castiel has reshaped his body from that morbid lump of clay he found slumped over in hell takes some processing. It’s so easy to forget that man he nicknames ‘short-stack' and ‘baby blue’ over morning coffee was once an instrument, too. Yet, he’s so divinely
“Love you, Cas.” Dean shuts his eyes and noses into the side of the ex-angles thick, dark hair. It’s longer now, Cas likes it longer. Claire plaits it, on occasion, to match her old hairstyle that her current hair is too short for, now. He holds him closer, tighter, every human part tight and flush along his own body in their stupid sage green colour scheme kitchen. “Love you so fuckin’ much.”
At first, the option of raising a once-god teenager made him scared shitless. He was still getting over his repression at that point, struggling to hold Castiel’s hand in line at Trader Joe’s and everything. Dean had offered his life for the guy, over and over, but the concept of being so vulnerable out in the open petrified his battle-bruised brain. Throw a son in the ring, who was already technically your kid but now is actually, solidly, for real your kid, was like sticking a live wire in a pool of sharks and dangling Dean over the edge.
“Another mid-life crisis? What’s she mean by that? Don’t you think I’m entitled? If you add my years down under, technically I’m
fucks up sometimes, says the wrong shit to Claire and spends twenty dollars in commercialised coffee to get her to at least talk it out with him. But there’s the difference, he actually wants to talk it out with them. He'll admit his mistakes, spend a grudging thirty minutes apologizing in a coffee chain's parking lot and let Claire blast her shitty beep-bop music the whole forty minutes ride home. It’s not his way or the highway anymore.
Dean braces his hand on the counter. He holds the screen close to his face in pure awe, scared that if he blinks too hard it’ll refresh and disappear— a figment of his imagination.
Dean shakes his head. The tides shift beyond their window, lace curtains fluttering gossamer whispers with the briny breeze. A world that turns just outside their grasp, and he lets it. His world isn’t going anywhere.
Cas shoots him with a deadpan glare and distracts him by thrusting his clunky phone all wrapped up in a wallet-style case into Dean’s palms.
“Yes, I did,” Dean rolls his eyes as he shuts off the water. He drops a stained towel over Jack’s head and scrubs with vigour. “Have a little faith, babe.”
“I love you too--Is everything okay, Dean?” Castiel breaks their crushing hold to look Dean in the eyes, scanning his face with lucid blue eyes. Side-effects of angelic grace, Cas still tries to read his thoughts; most of the time, he still succeeds without the heavenly powers that be. A kind thumb drags across his cheekbone, studying the tears that slip from Dean's eyes down to where they gather in his cupid's bow. His cupids bow that's warped with a rare kind of smile that Dean's muscles had been evolved to hide prior to his older years. Prior to where everything went,
The ball falls in her lap. She shoots Dean a glare and arches her arm in a fell swoop to send it careening back his way. He dodges it with tried and tested reflexes. He’s old, but not geriatric.
It’s kind of hilarious watching an ex-angel teach the ex-son-of-Lucifer how to do the mark of the dark lord. Especially with Cas in his navy linen dungarees and worn tee, covered in thick artsy tattoos looking comically un-angelic.
Jack's hairline is pink and a touch raw from the chemical irritation. Dye saturated with water rolls down the inside of the tub and forms a steady creek bumbling into the shower rose. Under the white lights, it reminds Dean of blood disappearing down the ceramic altar of a motel's bathroom sink after a nasty hunt. He should feel the bruises and breaks in his skin, the raw filth of a tooth and nail fight beneath his cuticles and gums, yet all the injuries accounted for are creaking knees from old age and a spot of indigestion.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You’d think we’d never find out what with the sachets she leaves behind the toothpaste—“ “The weird smell we have to air out of the house with your citrus-ella incense.”
He probably buried those photos in that threadbare sports bag for a reason long gone to the wind— scared of dad finding them, or Sam finding out that in the year he was rubbing elbows with college lackeys; Dean was living in an anarchist’s commune with someone named Toast.
Later that week, Cas perches his hip on the rickety sliding bathroom door. On some days, their home looks more like a cramped student loft than it does a neat, two-story renovated coastal home. This is one of those occasions, with their kid bent over the bathtub basin whilst Dean showers out the cheap, neon orange dye from his freshly bleached scalp.
“I love it— I love it so much, thank you, it’s the best” Jack tentatively touches the tips of the spikes with a delicacy as though they’d break under too much pressure. “Will you take a picture? I have to show Auntie Rowena.”
“You good with Italian, tonight, kiddo?” He wipes his hands free of excess gel on a plush towel. “Your dad’s been yapping in my ear to make gnocchi again.”
“Happy?” Dean asks, a shit-eating grin plastered all across his cheeks. He knocks his husband a glance, full of pride and raw endearment at the vision of his kid’s unadulterated happiness. It feels good, this feels good.
It didn’t go away overnight. Nothing ever does. He started therapy, spilling his guts little by little. Most of which, he masked heavily with self-deprecating comedy to lift the load his shoulders had bereaved themselves with. Eventually, his therapist, a refined older woman in her early seventies, asked for Cas to come in the session. They talked and talked. Cas listened, hands folded over his lap every bit polite as he was kind.
“Jack’s called me, I’ll be back in a minute,” he signs the best he can with his limited online classes' scope of knowledge. Eileen shoos him away with her staple infectious grin, flicking her hand at him in an unbothered manner before glueing herself back to her phone.
Cas never probes, unless he has to. Never shudders rolls his eyes (unless Dean is being ostentatiously dumb) or jokes at his expense. He listens, he watches, he’s home. He’s the insulation that wraps around Dean’s heart, whispering strength back into him and protecting their foundations from the chill. He’s rebuilt every shattered fragment of Dean that his father chipped off even from beyond the grave.
His kids are the most goddamn important things to him and not in the way that war isn’t won without soldiers, they’re important in that stupid quote shit way that suburban moms post about on social media. They’re important in the way that Jack wants to look like Dean and not in the way that he wears his jacket like a weight on his shoulders. Important in the way that Kaia can drift off on their couch without holding Claire like a vice because she’s safe now in her dreams. Important in the way that Claire can drift between Jody and Donna’s and their house because now, she has a whole fucking team of parents to choose from and she deserves it.
He used to whisper the same things to the walls when they first brought Jack in. Then, however, he spoke of Lucifer instead of John. It’s the devil you know, after all.
They’re forever, now, or at least until they get old and senile and have to fit chair lifts on the stairs or get signed into a fancy care home in Florida where they’ll sip free whiskey cocktails in their apartment and go for laps around the pool like Dean never gave himself the time and privilege to dream about before.
Still, Dean picks up Jack’s gaudy phone case from the lip of the bathtub where it’d been placed for safekeeping amidst the dying process. He flips open the camera, snapping a few shots of his son posing in the exact same fashion as Dean had been in his old glossy photos. Jack even shoots up his fingers in a clumsy devil’s horn motion, taking a few tries and Castiel’s guiding to get it right.
Cas has never been fragile. He’s a product of cosmic war. Stardust and multitudes still hitch a ride in every burst of cells that make up the tiniest eyelash. Centuries of heavenly passivity at humanity’s destruction lead him to the most divine banishment, to live in love cohabiting a two-story beach house built in the seventies with
Cas casts the confusion away with a jostle of his shoulders. Typical of him to sit on the fence when she’s involved. God forbid—
It’s been a couple of years since they officially decided on it, and Claire would never partake in a million years, but Jack calling him dad still feels as new as the first time he heard it. A surge of pride wriggles in his body, planting soft roots at the base of his spine. He struggles to beat the giddy rush off his face as he swings into the room Jack called him from.
“Hey,” he greets Cas with a gentle squeeze to the hip and a press of the lips to his cheek. “Jack’s good with gnocchi. Did I tell you he exposed Claire’s dirty little secret to me in the bunker?”
“Dean,” Cas chimes in from the doorway clutching their shared dryer in his fists, ever the diplomat. “If he wants a piercing, I’ll take him to Esma.”
on his profile?” Cas still talks about social media like it’s an analogue computer updating war-time affairs, but Dean hasn’t the heart to correct his old man syndrome.
Dean begins the ritual, running his hands through the birthday cake smelling goop in the pot. He crafts the first initial spike on the left, at the front of Jack’s head, bringing the abnormally healthy hair up into a gravity-defying pose. He has Cas blast hot air from the dryer every so often, to set the gel in place. Satisfied, he takes his trusty yellow can in hand and instructs Jack to cover his face whilst he sprays.
He’s not ashamed, anymore, but he knows what it feels like to be so. More than most people, in fact, he imagines. It reflects a sad post-it note on the index of his life, reminding him of the hurdle that clipped his shins in his more aggressive years. That before everything went right, it always went
“What’s up, kiddo? All good in here?” He hangs by the doorframe, folding a damp rag in his hands that he’d been using to scrub at the surface of the tiles.
Jack hums in pleasant agreement, too engrossed in his phone to reply with actual words. Dean shrugs and smirks, teens will be teens, after all.
He runs his fingers over where the Queer Parents Of The Pacific Northwest sticker peels from the worn, baby blue pleather protecting Cas’ phone. The screen is lit up with two separate images. The first being a still-frame of Jack in the bathroom with his new hair emblazoned above his head like a halo of neon tangerine. Dean can just about make out his own concentrated face in the mirror behind Jack, peering down at the fancy phone he’s holding with a soft smile to snap the photo of his son. The second is that same damn photo they found in the bunker earlier on that day— appropriately paired with the caption:
and their snot-nosed fucking teenagers who are far too old to be called teenagers but they still do. And Dean, well he’s never been more grateful for anything than the way he simply gets to hold, cherish the man before him. That he’s a permanent fixture, never to slip through his fingers like the sand he brushes from their porch in the mornings after campfire nights on the beach.
Cas's head tilts in the same fashion as the day they met, yet it couldn't be more different. “You’re not upset?”
When Sam had asked him to help with cleaning up the bunker for new tenants/hunters, he didn’t expect to be stuck on Mrs Doubtfire duty with Eileen like a pair of grouchy housewives. Not that Eileen has any capacity for housework whatsoever. She’s the shittiest moral support Dean could have been lumped with today— making her, by proxy, the best.
Before long, Pamela pulled up to the house. Shit, Pamela. He didn’t even wait for her to start yelling, he knew she was pissed.
“I don’t know, I…” Dean’s eyes met Cas’s when he turned around, “yes.” His head was still humming softly from the alcohol, he couldn’t pull away. Cas walked over and had a leg in between Dean’s thighs where he sat, Cas's jeans still wet from the pool. Dean's breath caught in his throat, and he turned his jaw up to face Cas where he stood. “Cas,” Dean’s voice small and quiet. The other boy caught his chin with a finger and pulled him forward, kissing him. Dean’s hands grasped for something to hold onto, and they met Cas’s waist, where Dean’s shirt had risen up, exposing a sliver of skin.
“At least you have cable here,” Dean said, flicking on a recorded football game from months ago. The tv was about a million years old and went fuzzy if the volume was too loud but it did the job. “and its free!”
“What?” He ran his fingers through it and wheeled around, looking at his reflection in the window. “FUCK!” Staring back at him, slack-jawed was a boy with bleach-blonde hair. He whipped the front door open and ran after Sam, who darted past him for the front door, pushing past Pamela and snickering the whole way.
“Does the empty know you’re here? Although I’d imagine it does,” Zachariah began to pace around Dean as he spoke. “It’s probably busy putting the bigger things back to bed to worry about one little cockroach, speaking of, where’s your little brother?”
Cas woke up after about 18 hours of sleep. His tie was tangled around his neck and he pulled it off, glancing towards the other bed. Dean was asleep, arm outstretched towards him. He still had his boots on, and his hand was sporting a nasty new set of cuts. If he still had his grace, he would’ve fixed it back up. Cas stretched out and headed for the shower. It would be better for Dean to sleep anyways; he’d had almost as hard a time as Cas. Dean woke up while Cas was showering, and his panic dissipated after hearing the shower going. He remembered the call from last night and checked out the glass scrapes on his knuckles, wincing as he flexed his hand.
Cas rubs circles into Dean’s back until he falls asleep. Pulling him closer and watching over him as his chest rises and falls. He looks so calm.
“Donna, don’t you dare bring this up to me again.” And with that, he turned on his heel and headed back to the party, chugging down another beer before continuing to talk to Megan. Donna could only watch it happen. Not too long after, Gabriel and two of his brothers walked in. Cas among the ones who came. Dean pointedly did not look up at him when he entered, rather, leaned in closer to Meg, breathing in her cheap flowery perfume. And trying not to choke on it. Instead of walking up to Cas and throwing his arms around him, he pulled in Meg closer and took a shot. He hated the way she smelled, and her laugh flittering around his head. He started to get nauseous at how overwhelming it was and excused himself to the restroom, where he drank greedily from the faucet and pushed his sleeves up, splashing cool water on his face. Fuck’s sake. He saw how he looked in the mirror when he wasn’t putting up this confident ladies’ man routine. He looked like shit. His eye was a muted purple, his hands shaking and sweaty, the bruises on his arms making him sick to his stomach. He avoided throwing up and sat on the edge of the bathtub, head in hands.
“I just wanted to; do you want to go somewhere… more private?” He glanced around at the passing students. And Dean shrugged. Grabbing his elbow, Cas pulled him into an empty classroom. “I didn’t freak you out the other day, did I?”
“Sorry, didn’t see you.” Cas grabs his wrist and pulls him towards the front yard before standing up, Dean looks at Cas’s hand still gripping his wrist, he motions for the car. They pull off, cold air still flowing out of the vents. “What did he say?”
“I won’t if you won’t.” She looked off towards the pool. “Me and Jody, are kind of a thing. Since I know your person.”
“Welcome to Foreman’s, sorry for the wait, what can I get you boys today?” The worn-out waitress had finally made her way to them, but they didn’t mind. They got some waters and a burger and fry each, trying to be extra polite to make up for the mongrels eyeing her skirt from the other table.
They found a motel after fifteen minutes of walking through the ghost town that they learned was Boulder Colorado. Cas wasted no time in kicking off his shoes and throwing off his trench coat, falling into one of the beds gracelessly. It took nothing for him to fall asleep. Dean threw a glance at him and shut the door quietly behind him. He was exhausted too but he didn’t know what day it was or if Sam was alive. He found a payphone just around the side of the building and put some coins in, dialing Sam’s cell. No go. Phone lines must be down, that’s the excuse he used to tell himself Sam was still alive. He tried once more but still nothing.
“So? Seriously man, get a fucking grip.” He glanced over at his best friend; face illuminated by the headlights of a passing car. “God you look like shit.”
“No, it’s alright, I can take him. I’ll be driving anyways.” Benny eyed Dean, who was willing his eyes open at this point. He could barely make out what the hell they were saying. “It’s no problem, really.” Dean barely remembered falling asleep in the back seat, nodding his head to the radio.
“Hopefully not too many, my old man went crazy when he had to drag my sorry ass out of jail last time. I thought I’d never get let out of the house after that.” Benny slowed to the curves of the countryside and swerved to avoid a possum.
“Punch?” Dean extended his hand out to Cas, who took the cup and swirled the contents before taking a sip. He licked his lips and took a sip out of his own cup, vaguely aware of a group of girls further down the hall. “Not much of a dancer?”
“What? You gonna let your bitch stand up for you?” You could see the flicker of doubt, when he made eye-contact with Dean. Dean had too much to drink, and his fight with his father (or rather being his father's punching bag for the afternoon) had him all strung up. Dean pushed Jo aside and hit first, landing a punch to Gordon’s stomach. The other boy's  jaw clenched, trying to not throw up. But he barely hesitated and lunged back at Dean. Dean was taking it out on Gordon, all of it, tackling him to the ground and hitting anywhere he could reach. Not that Gordon wasn’t getting any in, Dean would have bruises for sure. Quickly, Jo realized that Gordon had his fists covering his face, expecting Dean to wear out, but he didn’t, he kept going. Out of the corner of his eye Dean saw Benny run up, followed by a panicked looking Garth, and they threw themselves on Dean hauling him off Gordon who started punching the second he wasn’t pinned, and a few other guys pulled him off towards the trucks. Dean was seeing white and his head was spinning from adrenaline and alcohol.
When Dean got back home, he found Sam on the porch, his eyebrows furrowed, and hands tangled in his too-long hair. He stands up and rushes to where Dean has just arrived, Benny pulling off towards his own house.
“I hate you!” Sam screamed at his dad, after he ducked into his room and slammed the door, locking it. Dean knew Sammy was alright, and his dad was probably pissed as something stupid, so he ignored it and slumped into his bed. Reaching out, he opened the drawer of his nightstand and pulled out a picture of his mother. He had found it in a box of shit in the attic a few months ago and swiped it. Her blonde hair curled delicately to frame her face, her eyes as green as his and her cheeks spotted with his freckles. But Sammy had her nose. John was still throwing shit around and yelling so loud it felt as though the walls would cave in. But they never have before, and they didn’t now. He didn’t remember very much about his mom, just her making him peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, or rocking Sammy to sleep, but he had been so young when she died that that was the extent of his memory. Sometimes the distain for his life, and the way they were raised got to him, and truth be told, he envied Benny for it. Even though his dad and him didn’t always see eye to eye, they were normal.
“Around four I think.” He didn’t wait for a response and headed out the front door, already reaching for a cigarette. After last night, he earned it. The bitter smoke filled his lungs, warming him up against the morning air. He stooped to sit on the porch, setting his elbows on his knees and sticking his head down.
She shook her head, “I couldn’t stay mad at you, you’re too pretty for that.” Garth made retching noises to that and grabbed a beer from Donna. Before long, more people started to trickle in, some kids from school, and a few from the neighborhood. Among which were a few people Dean recognized, and two of Cas’s brothers, Gabriel and Zach. Everyone knew that Luce was in prison on god knows how many charges, but Gabriel, everyone liked him. Dean waited, looking past the two, half-expecting Castiel to follow them in but he didn’t.
“Naw, I’m just trying to make it to my birthday. I’ve already got a few tattoos in mind. I haven’t been working at the garage every now and again for nothing!” He motioned to his bicep and started explaining his tattoo ideas. Filling his cup again. I’m thinking about a black band right here, and maybe I’ll get something on my back eventually.”
“I don’t know! It was fine I guess!” Dean could tell Sam liked Jess and he’d teased him about it all year, about Sam not having the balls to ask her out after 7 months of following her around like a puppy.
“Should we call an ambulance? Or the police?” Billie watched Dean dry heave into the sink, wincing at the sound.
Ellsworth’s was busy as all hell when they finally got seated. Benny, Billie, Jo, and Garth had met them there, securing the biggest table in the joint. They were all dressed to the nines and the mood was light. Garth kept joking and screwing around and the rest of them chatted away, wondering which songs would be played, if they should meet up after the fact. Dean lazily watched his friends, and Pamela, how her curled hair pooled at her shoulders. She’d swat him gently and look at his tie, which had since veered to the left.
“Haha, fine but no promises!” Benny gave Billie a sloppy kiss on the cheek, making her groan and wipe the slobber off with the sleeve of her sweater.
Around ten thirty, both movies had finished, and all the kids had begun clearing out, girls fixing their shirts and guys throwing their trash out as they left. Pam and Dean were no exception, but Dean had been distracted today, and Pam could tell. They drove off and Dean thought about Cas’s dark curls against his collar, he shook his head as they pulled up to Pam’s driveway.
“No, I’m not gonna be a buzz kill over nothing.” Dean ignored Benny’s frown and stepped onto the back porch, pulling out a smoke and lighter. He pulled his jacket tighter around him and let the cigarette warm up his lungs and cheeks. He stared at his palms; the faded semicircles not as faded as they used to be. He was clenching his fists too tight more than he realized. He ran a hand through his hair and sighed into the night. He forced himself to think of anything besides Cas, or his father. Ignoring the insults rattling around in his head. He remembered what Mrs. Lafitte said about disappearing on the people who cared about him and ran a hand over his face, gingerly avoiding his eye.
Dean hissed, “What are you doing?” Glancing around the room, but the other boys were still as death. He figured a train could run through the room and they’d not so much as roll over. Reluctantly, he scootched over, making room for Cas.
“Good morning.” Sam called over his shoulder, waiting for the toast to finish. “When did you get in last night?”
“I er- I was around, figured I’d swing by.” He flicked his cigarette butt to the ground and swayed as he talked.
“What the hell were you doing?!” Benny looked pissed and grabbed Dean’s face to make him pay attention. “You know better than to do that right now, what the hell were you thinking?”
“Well, it said that if I could find you it would fling us out of here.” Dean hesitated, “And it said it would keep your grace… so you never came back here again. You’d be practically…”
The beat bumped as the kids filled their cups and started the weekend off right. Dean filled his cup with more jack than coke and joined his gang of friends, turning his head quickly when he saw a familiar face with blue eyes duck off into the growing crowd. Donna and Jody walked up together when they saw Jo, Benny, Billie and Dean grouped off around the fire pit. Benny tossing his empty bottle into the pit and Billie elbowing him and whispering in his ear, making him smirk and wink at Dean.
Sam walked out of his room, suit just a little too big, and had a green tie to match Jess’s dress. Dean grinned proudly at his little brother.
“Good luck with that.” He shrugged away, heading out to the parking lot. Shit. Pam had left, there was no way that she would’ve drove him home anyway. Pulling his tie off, Dean saw that his nose was still bleeding, and that he had a trail of blood splotched over the light blue, thankfully it missed his white shirt. He hadn’t seen Sammy, but he reckoned he was busy tripping over Jess’s feet on the dance floor. Blissfully unaware of his older brother bloodied up, as per the usual. He heard steps behind him and darted quickly into the parking lot, thinking it was a teacher. The metal door slammed behind him for a moment and Dean turned to see Cas push it open. He could still hear the music playing faintly behind the other boy. Cas’s eyes examined Dean’s bloody face and he sighed.
“Oh yea, I’ll be going out with a friend soon anyway.” And Dean looked in the mirror at himself, the scar through his left eyebrow, and a faint outline of a bruise on his cheek. He ran his hands through his bleached hair, his roots coming back in darker than he remembered.
“Hey man, how’d it go?” Benny grinned, “Wanna come in for a beer?” He stepped aside, letting Dean walk in.
By Monday, John had returned. He picked up hours at the mechanics sometimes and it looked like that kind of week. He didn’t mention Deans face or where he was at, John never thought he owed them any explanation. Dean scrounged up some eggs and bacon for breakfast, they seemed almost normal. John grabbed a plate and ate in silence while the boys packed up for school and headed out.
“I’m fine.” Dean waved him away, but Cas pulled his hand in to get a closer look. “It’s just a scratch.”
Tuesday afternoon, Dean hung out in the parking lot after school with his friends, goofing off and poking fun of Garth. Thanksgiving was this week, and they were blowing off steam before being stuck indoors with their families. At least, most of them would be with their families. Sam and Dean usually went and got takeout when John wasn’t home, and when he was, they sat in Deans room, playing cards and crunching on snacks from the gas station. One year, Benny’s family invited them over, it was a stark change in mood from what they were used to. The group of kids were already making plans for Saturday, so they weren’t stuck in the house all week, but no one’s house would be free of family.
At lunch Dean could see Cas’s group positively buzzing with excitement. Gabriel shoving him in the side and everyone in a mile radius could see the jealousy on Hannah’s face. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Benny watched him and Jody closely during lunch, looking for any clues until Billie nudged him in the side.
“Here, I’ll take him home.” Benny moved to take his weight off Cas. Dean felt his hands tighten around him, still holding him upright.
“He’s not my, person. It was an accident.” He ran his fingers through his hair and crossed his arms against the wind. “I’m not like that, if I was my dad would kill me.”
“Hello Dean.” Cas’s voice was deeper and rougher than he remembered, and it sent a wave of anxiety through Dean.
“No, I don’t know. Jess invited me and I’m going, just letting you know.” He frowned and shut the door on his way out.
“Haha, everyone from here to Westborough High saw him.” She shook her head, “You really beat the shit out of him. I guess it was only fair that he got a few punches in.” Dean thought to himself, she Is pretty, but not my type. Jo has blonde hair and talks too much for him to stand. He thought about Sam’s comment on Jo liking Dean. It wasn’t a mystery to him, he wasn’t completely oblivious, but he had never thought of her like that, he supposed that he could if he tried. He twisted his ring and tuned out Ms. Warren’s lesson, it didn’t really matter at this point, he was only here because seniors were required to have an English credit. There were plenty of kids like him, waiting to finish high school barely passing and work at the mechanics, or some even had ins with some local electricians. These were the hands-on kids, better with their hands than they ever were with their brains. Dean was by no means stupid, school was just never a priority, he had bigger things to deal with and better things to do.
“Hello, Dean I presume?” It was Meg, or at least looked like her. Dean jumped back and watched her readjust herself in her throne.
“I’m just in the mood to go for a drive, that’s all.” Cas grabs a towel and wipes off his hands, grabbing the keys and his jacket before heading out the front door. Leaving Gabriel confused in the kitchen. Cas pulls his jacket tightly around his body and heads around to the back, ducking below the windows to avoid getting caught. He finds Dean sitting on the back porch, staring off into the tree line, a cigarette already lit between his lips.
“Dean, honey, who was that?” Her voice was like honey, like how he had imagined his own mother’s. And in every way that he figured mattered; she was like his mom.
“Listen, I know we have done a lot against you, but it’s Chuck. We need your help.” His eyes were pleading, and Jack just stood silently.
Dean saw someone out of the corner of his eye, a kid no taller than 5’7 staring at him with these big blue eyes. The second he noticed Dean watching his face turned red and his head shot down to his textbook. Dean had seen him around before but never really noticed him, Carl... Cam... C-something... Castiel. He watched as Cas made himself busy with looking everywhere but Deans direction and flipping quickly through his textbook to keep up with Ms. Warren. Whose attention had drifted back onto the chalkboard and away from Jo, who quietly resumed her task of talking Dean’s ear off.
“I cannot wait for you two to get out and stay out, you both have such big mouths.” Not-Meg reappeared in its throne.
“I don’t know man, probably nothing.” He took a deep breath. Without looking up he asked, “Have you ever wanted to be with someone, different?”
They lay in bed one night, Dean on his side, tracing his eyes along the other boy’s profile. “Cas?” He didn’t open his eyes, and instead breathed a ‘hm’. “Thank you.”
“Hey Dean,” Benny looked up, “They have ESPN here, we are living it up.” Dean plopped onto the bed and threw his arm across his face, Benny just watched him. “What are you and Pam gonna do?”
“Uh, walked?” Christ. Cas opened the kitchen door and motioned for Dean to come in. He put on coffee and tossed his jacket back on the table. Dean was taking in the layout and mess of the kitchen.
Dean worked him over in his hands and left a trail of hickeys across his collarbones and neck, and Cas bit at his shoulder. Leaving less obvious marks, ones that wouldn’t get him strung up by his friends at school tomorrow, unless he had his shirt off, which he was silently grateful for. He pulled Cas closer, watching his blue eyes gaze hungrily over his body. Cas’s hands fumbled underneath his waistband and pulled at the fabric, glancing upward into Dean’s eyes for permission. Dean palmed at Cas and lapped hungrily at his chest, barely taking his hands away long enough to pull his jeans off. Cas followed suit and got to his knees, kissing the inside of his thighs as he went.
“Dean, I’m not gonna throw you out on the streets. My mom’d have my head for it anyways.” He chuckled lightly, “So, are you gonna tell me what happened?”
“Oh fine. Well Jess and I kissed anyways. How do people like kissing?” He scrunched his nose and blew hot air into his hands.
“What the fuck?!” Dean yells it too loud. Startled, Cas jumps to his feet but trips, stumbling backwards onto his ass.
“Cas, you stupid son of a bitch.” He grabbed his face, “Of course I love you too.” He planted a kiss on Cas’s lips and breathed a sigh of relief when he pulled away. “Don’t make this into a chick flick.” He grinned.
“Nah.” Dean focused on not slurring his words, “I'll be fine,” and he cursed under his breath as he tripped getting out of the truck, not making a very compelling Case. “Seriously, go.” Dean waved them off. He watched as they pulled off into the night and set off toward his house. He knocked on Sam’s window twice to let him know he made it back and wandered to the backside of the house, dropping himself to sit on the back step. Fumbling with his back pocket, he pulled out a cigarette and a lighter, flicking it.
John didn’t always drink like this, well, Dean was sure it wasn’t like this when his mom was still alive. Dean desperately tried to remember how she sounded and looked but it was ages ago, as he got older the harder it got to picture her face. John didn’t keep pictures up around the house which was for the best because when he saw them, he got angry and got mean. But since then, I guess john did drink like this. He was constantly disappearing, sometimes for weeks on end, but his boys almost preferred it. Because at least then they weren’t being bitched at and kicked around. But this meant that dean never got to be a kid, since he can remember he's been taking care of Sammy or John, wiping his puke up off the floor and cleaning up broken glass. But he could never bring himself to run away, who would keep john and Sam from killing each other? It didn’t matter, even though john was a mean Son of a bitch, dean idolized him, he did what he was told and stayed out of the way. But Sammy, he had a mouth on him, which got him into trouble with their dad and when it did, dean always took the brunt of it. But none of this matters, because nobody knew but them.
He saw Castiel four more times that week, each time he’d duck away into the shadows. He must be following me, Dean thought, he remembered some of the rumors about that kid that went around school when they were freshmen, and grimaced.
“You’re lucky I don’t shave your head. That hair makes you look like some sort of faggot.” He flicked a beer tab onto the side table and knocked it back, his stubble making him look even older than he was. His hands were still filthy from the garage today. Dean grimaced and headed out the door, careful not to slam it behind him. The last thing he needed was John dragging him back in to kick his ass. He pulled a smoke out of his pocket and sucked on it until Cas’s car pulled off on the street. The old car’s squeaky brakes making him chuckle. He threw his cigarette down, stomped it out and walked up to the car.
“Ha, only as long as my dad stops joking about making me pay rent, and actually does it.” He frowned and took a swig of beer.
He pushed the door open and remembered that Billie, Jo, and Garth were also here. Fuck. This really isn’t something he wanted to announce to half their friends at once. He stumbled into the living room waking up Jo.
“DAMMIT!” Dean threw a punch through the glass wall and picked up a bar from outside the building, putting all his anger at Chuck and how it was his fault that everything was going wrong now, he threw it through a room window. He walked back to their room and dropped himself on the other bed, falling asleep quickly to the sound of Cas’s soft snoring.
“Hey,” she butted into his view. “What’s over there that so important?” Dean, suddenly very aware of where he was looking, turned to face Jo.
“My friends were on top of me all goddamn day, they won’t leave me alone about it!” He pushed his fingers through his own hair. “Because someone couldn’t keep their mouth to themselves.”
“Hey Dean!” Benny called from his garage, his dad grunting at the weight he was holding because of Benny letting one hand free to wave him over. The two let the engine down gently onto the garage floor and Benny’s dad mumbled something about heading inside to grab a beer. “You’re picking her up at six, right?”
“Do you need help with your tie?” Sam asked, reaching out to tie it securely and popped Dean’s collar down. “There, now you look like a gentleman.”
“Heya Sammy.” He steadied his breath, “I’m fine.” Sam eyed the injuries on his face, luckily the ones on his chest, stomach and arms were hidden, Benny had given him a hoodie. “I was at Benny’s.”
“What are we doing here?” He asked, getting out of the car. He mumbled to himself “What in the hell?” At this rate he would’ve preferred the *other plans*.
“Jo again?” Dean nodded, “Why don’t you two just date already?” Pushing his too-long hair out of the way.
“Yea, bad dream is all.” Their whispers barely heard by each other, and definitely not by the other three guys. “Sorry if I woke you.” As Dean laid back down, he felt Cas tracing circles into his forearm. His breath hot against his shoulder, Dean thought his heart might beat out of his chest. What if someone woke up and saw? It was bad enough that Donna had interrupted earlier. Dean soon felt Cas fall still, his breathing evening out with sleep and his hand heavy over Dean’s arm. He turned his head and traced the outline of Cas with his eyes, falling asleep to the lull of the other boy’s breath.
He looked towards the kitchen where Mrs. Lafitte was cleaning up, Mr. Lafitte and the kids were upstairs assembling a new gift. “I came by on Sunday.” Cas said dumbly.
Dean tossed and turned for a few more hours before getting up and going for a smoke. The cool autumn air crisp against his cheeks, making them pink. He took a long drag and started walking. He got a cruel thought in his head and jogged into the drugstore, dropping his cigarette outside the door. He grabbed a jar of mayonnaise and dropped a ten on the counter.
That May, Dean, Cas, and all their friends graduated. Throwing their caps into the air. Dean never thought he’d make it so far, let alone graduate. Cas was over so often that they had decided that he should just move in, though both Sam and Dean made a deal to not let him make the food, it never turned out quite right. But it always made them laugh. They settled into a routine, Cas crawling over Dean to go for a run in the morning, and Dean up and making breakfast by the time he got back. Sammy still had three more years of school before he graduated but he was settled on the idea of going to law school. So, Dean worked at the garage and saved every penny, planning to move to California with Sam and Jess, and he didn’t have to ask Cas about going with, he would’ve gone to the ends of the Earth so long as Dean was there.
“Ah, she’s fine. She’s pissed that I’m working now, but I bet she’ll regret that when I save us up enough money to get a place.” He had just turned 18 and even though he was still in high school, he was itching to get out of his parents' place.
Saturday evening, two loud honks blare from the street, scaring the shit out of Dean and making him jump. He walked over to the front window and pulled the curtains aside. Jo and Garth sat outside in her old beater, honking once more and having seen him in the window, Garth pressed his face up against the window making a stupid face. Dean scoffed and grabbed a flannel, jogging out to the car. He set his arm against the roof of the car as Jo rolled the window down. He could hear the bickering as it rolled down.
“One!” Cheering rang out from inside the house, noise poppers going off, they couldn’t hear a thing.
“I dunno, Billie and I invited a handful outside ourselves, Kevin, Anna, Gabriel, though he might bring a brother or two, and I think Billie has a few underclassmen that are coming. Should be almost twenty.” Hopefully they wouldn’t get busted, if so, they could just say it was a birthday party for Kevin, only a few days off. Dean thought of Gabriel and if he’d bring Cas. He let himself think of him now that he was out of the house. Imagining his bare chest in the water, hair slick against his head. Didn’t sound like such a bad idea. They pulled up to the motel and parked out front of their rooms, Benny jogging to the lobby to grab their keys. Dean hopped out and grabbed his bag, walking to get a closer look at the pool. It wasn’t too small, and just out of eyesight from their rooms, which sat around the corner. Jo’s beater pulled up, Donna, Jody, and Garth in tow. They parked next to Benny’s truck and began unloading. Benny, triumphant jangled the keys before tossing one to the girls and one to Dean, before grabbing his own stuff and heading off to his single room. The girls and Dean and Garth’s rooms were joined by a door that they left open for the moment.
He flinched at that, “Of course I care, you may not but I do.” Dean’s stomach lurched at the thought of Cas caring, but he continued, “And you wanna talk? Let’s talk.” Cas sat down at a desk, waiting for Dean to follow. The classroom was littered with empty desks, and no one would be back till the end of lunch.
“Nah, she only lives around the corner. I’ll be fine.” Sam glanced in the mirror before heading out, Dean right behind him, grabbing his suit jacket and locking the door behind them. Pamela had pulled into the driveway and waved at Sam. Who waved back and set off to Jess’s. Dean strutted up to the car and leaned in, giving Pam a kiss before walking around to the passenger side. Donna and Jody sat in the back, talking about Jo and how Garth had the hots for her. They quieted down on the subject when Dean sat down.
“Yea,” he doubted he’d be the one to tie Pam down, she wouldn’t have minded settling down with him, and he knew it. But then he’d be stuck here forever. “That’ll be the day.”
Later that night, after Benny had enough of his family, he came down and talked about it. Careful to not mention Dean’s family. They played on the new game system Benny had gotten on the basement TV and Benny had gone back upstairs. And just like that, Christmas was over.
“I ought to kill you.” Cas grumbled. Dean saw the dark purple marks littering the base of his neck and collarbones.
“Nothing, just been a little out of it is all. I’m fine.” Cas frowned and pulled his brows together.
“I uh, don’t really like men.” In her mind it had seemed fair, eye for an eye type of deal. Dean didn’t know what to say.
He took a deep breath. Now Castiel is going to think that he likes him or something. God. He had to get out of the house, so he put on his boots and leather jacket and slid out his window. It was about two in the morning, but he couldn’t just lay around thinking.
“You’re one to talk, mountain man.” Sam’s hair was almost to his shoulders and it was driving Dean up the wall. “Seriously, don’t be surprised if you wake up with a buzz-cut" Making Sam groan.
The night crept by, and the teenagers got drunker and drunker. Dean had been chasing his liquor with beer and stepped out onto the porch, music muted behind the front door. He took a deep breath of the cool night air and pulled a cigarette out of his pocket, lighting it quickly before the breeze could blow it out. He sucked in and held it before blowing the smoke out through his teeth. Narrowly avoiding tripping down the front steps, he stumbled down the road, vaguely aware of where he was headed. He stopped a few houses down, in front of an old looking house with blue shutters and unkempt bushes. Dean wandered aimlessly around to the back of the house, falling onto the back step and catching himself with his hands, now bleeding. Straightening himself out he reached to knock on the back door, but it swung open.
“Do you need a lift?” Dean offered, knowing full and well Pam wouldn’t have a whole lot of room to spare in her car because Donna and Jody were catching a ride with them.
“Oh, thanks.” Cas looked distantly at his outfit, “And I didn’t figure I had to let you know if I went to a dance at my own school.”
The fridge door slammed shut with a bang in the kitchen made them both freeze in fear. Dean was too scared of getting up to lock the door out of worry that they would hear it and try to come in. There was shuffling in the hall and then he heard his father’s door click shut. Then silence. Cas noticed the fear on his face, knowing where half of his bruises and black eyes had come from without asking. Dean’s eyes and ears still trained at the door, he felt Cas put a hand on his chest to calm him down.
He flopped onto his bed and tried to sleep to pass the time before Jo told him to get to the old bridge.
“Oh. I figured since you helped him out like that at the motel, whatever. You’ll tell me if you do though?” He could only nod. He had forgotten about the motel. Fuck. Once again, his thoughts ran rampant and he could only imagine how everyone knew about them. Cas avoided eye contact all class and tried to keep his head down at school, most kids didn’t care, but the nosy ones watched him as he passed before whispering to their friends.
To this, Cas opened his eyes, eyelashes fluttering lazily in the dark room. “I love you.” And pulled Dean closer to himself.
He wandered around in the dead of morning trying desperately to not think. He considered going to Benny’s house, but what would he tell him? It was one thing to kiss him accidentally when he was drunk, but last night was different. For starters, he didn’t have any alcohol in his system, Dean guessed he went over there half because of curiosity.
“So, what are you going to do with me?” Dean made eye-contact with the not-Meg and watched its eyes roll over him curiously.
“Old Bridge, with Benny and them.” Dean groaned and ran his fingers through his hair, seeing the blood on his pillow, “Got in a fight.”
“Ouch.” He snapped and Sam’s vocal cords were gone, leaving him to make a strangled noise of complaint. “See, what you’re going to do is listen.”
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to ruin our friendship… but I meant everything I said.” He looked around and Dean pulled back.
“Fuck! Quick get out!” Cas stumbled over himself pushing Dean out the back door before Gabriel could see. Dean is disoriented and trips grabbing onto Cas’s shirt, but quickly lets go wide eyed and ducks into the yard. “Wait here.”
When he pushed open the front door, a wave of music and chatter hit him. Jo and Garth had already had a few drinks and were talking loudly and laughing louder in the living room. This was his favorite thing to walk into, so he picked up a cup and fit right in. He watched Garth lose an arm-wrestling match against Benny, which was not surprising. Benny lifted weights and Garth was built like a spaghetti noodle. He knocked back the last of his first cup and headed to the kitchen for a refill.
He hopped in the backseat, behind Garth, groaning when Jo turned on top 40. Billie lived just across town in a nice neighborhood, loosely jumbled between Main Street and the river. By the time they got there, their group had already arrived, except for Jody and Donna. They always seemed to show up a bit later than the rest of them.
“Eh, he’ll warm up by the time y’all start popping out kids... maybe.” He chuckled, but Dean did not. He just shoved his hands in his pockets and pulled on a piece of string, threading it between his fingers.
“The fight Dean, last Thursday, the school called. Dad picked up.” Sam looked at the ground. “I’m sorry.”
Sam was poring his way through every book he could find on the topic of god, but this wasn’t exactly the stuff that had been written down. He remembered how Amara had nearly killed Chuck before, and maybe she could do it again. So, the two gathered the stuff for a summoning spell and got everything set up in the library. Neither of them had been to the dungeon since last week when Dean and Cas had disappeared. Man, they could use them on this. He still regretted what he’d done when they were in purgatory and he wouldn’t let them rot wherever they were this time.
“I’m down! As long as there’s no spin the bottle,” Jo faked throwing up, “We haven’t had just us in a long time.”
He rolled his fingers over his knuckles and twisted his ring, listening to the birds chirp awake in the cool air. He brushed a hand over his face and got up to start the car.
“Do you have a better idea?” Amara turned and walked towards Jack, “Will you be able to handle this?”
“So, how’s Sam doing?” Cas flipped through the menu and avoided the sticky splotches on the kids’ page.
“Fine. But we are pooling our cash together because if we are gonna need a few rooms, its not gonna be free. “
“FUCK!” Cas yelled at the road, he yelled at John, he yelled at God himself.  He had been so foolish to believe anything good could come from any of this. He should’ve ignored Dean in that field or told him to go away. He saw his eye, the gash on his forehead, and he knew that he probably had bruises all across his freckled skin. Damnit. Gabriel hadn’t heard what happened to Dean, no one did except for the people at Benny’s, Donna and Jody, and himself.
“Hey.” Dean can feel the way they watch him and he fucking hates it. “Can you two stop looking at me like I’m a kicked puppy?”
“Dean!” Sam ran up to him, and threw his arms around him, sending a shock of pain from his bruised ribs. “I’m sorry, what happened? Where did you go? Are you okay?” Sam couldn’t stop the questions from spilling out.
“Hiya beautiful,” Pam chuckled to herself, putting a hand gingerly on Deans face, “Did you even try to ice it?” She rolled her eyes.
Before too long, a chill creeped into the night air, forcing some kids back home and some into the warm pool, avoiding getting out past their necks. Dean had long since pulled his shirt off and got in, splashing Garth and being careful not to get his hair underwater because of Jody telling him it’d turn green. Cas watched shamelessly, Dean’s broad shoulders glinting with water droplets, and his arms toned and pale.
Castiel follows Dean to the small breakfast nook in the corner of the kitchen and settles into a chair at the table’s end beside him. “Not without reason.”
that his body feels lighter, all the oxygen in it replaced with helium and his head only holding on by the thin tether of a hysterical giggle buried in his throat, threatening to escape.
The pitiful, guttural cry that rips from him should be utterly humiliating, but Dean’s too blissed-out to care as his mind blanks and body shudders, spurts of thick, hot come painting his hand and stomach and he collapses then, the dildo slipping out as he falls to the mattress trembling and crying and utterly
He returns her fond expression and takes a seat on a vinyl barstool, gesturing for Cas to join him. “Doing good Ms. Moseley, you?”
With Bobby it went much the same. He’d said simply, “‘Bout time, idjit,” with a blunt, gruff voice but twinkling eyes that told Dean they were good and Bobby was happy for him.
Castiel learns early on that Dean has an aversion to germs bordering on the extreme, but is stubborn and strong-willed enough to roll his sleeves up and do the work regardless (though not without profuse complaint). Castiel rolls his eyes, exasperated but affectionate, and sympathetically hands Dean the yellow rubber gloves he picked up at the general store. Afterward, he offers to take on the worst tasks, an action which garners him a soft, appreciative (if embarrassed) smile that tunnels into his chest, imprinting itself on his memory. Filing that expression away for the difficult moments, he ducks his head and finds his own lips responding in kind. The longing to earn them more frequently grows against his will.
Cas takes it all in stride, playing big spoon to Dean’s little, combatting Dean’s chills with the comfort of his body heat. He brings him all his meals in bed, and although most are canned soups after Ellen’s runs out, it’s the thought that counts.
“Yeah. Was a long time ago.” Dean scoops all the napkin pieces into a pile and pushes them away just as Missouri hands them their plates. They both smile and thank her. “Bobby, though—you met him—he and his wife Ellen took us in.” He pushes the ketchup around his plate with a steak fry. “What about you? Are you from around here?”
Castiel raises a quizzical brow but concedes, nodding. “Whatever you want.” He steps in closer, delivering a tender, chaste kiss to Dean’s lips before saying, “I’ll go fix us something to drink.”
Throughout that time, the highlight of Dean’s workday quickly becomes his morning trip to the Gas-N-Sip. He learns that Cas opens the store every day except Monday and Wednesday, with one Sunday off every other week.
Castiel cocks a singular dark brow as the burly man gives him a long and lingering once-over that under any other circumstances might peak his own interest. Benny clicks his tongue against his teeth, making a pleased sound deep in his throat. He holds out a hand.
It’s the first evening since they moved in that Dean hasn’t had his ear talked off about the show or entered into some involuntary staring contest that forces him to rewind a scene, and he wonders idly if Cas is still pissed about the fight. He doesn’t get much time to think about it though, because when Cas returns to the room he’s clad in nothing but black, skin-tight boxer briefs.
They stare, and the minute drags on. Dean swallows, eyes flitting down to Castiel’s lips. The pupils grow wide and dark when his tongue slips between them. “We get naked, I hope,” Dean mumbles, still watching his mouth. It grows, becomes a grin.
Rivulets of rainwater drizzling down the windshield cast dancing, speckled shadows across Dean’s smirking face as he opens his mouth and murmurs coyly, “Shit, Cas, if you wanna get me naked all you gotta do is ask.”
if Cas only knew about the dildo in the bathroom, too. The words die on his tongue though and all he can do is nod.
After the mess is mopped, evidence erased and crisis thoroughly averted, Cas leads Dean into the employee break room. He wets two rags, handing one to Dean, and without warning strips off his vest and shirt, tossing them into a plastic bag. Frozen to the spot, Dean stares at the curve of Cas’ broad, tan shoulders, the planes of his lean, muscled back and flat stomach, watching with bated breath while Cas runs the damp towel over his thick arms and chest, up his long neck, then into his hair. When Cas finally adds that towel to the bag, his skin is glistening wet, hair disheveled as if he’d just rolled out of bed.
“Nah, Cas, it’s not okay. I—fuck.” Dean crosses the room with a few long strides, stopping a couple of feet from Cas. “I shouldn’t have been so hard on you, man. I’m a fucking dick.”
—his heart surely won’t take it if Dean refuses him now. “Please,” he begs, aching and desperate. “Don’t hide from me.”
Baby’s engine purrs as she rolls to a stop in the bunker’s garage. Dean turns the keys in the ignition and sighs, sitting back against the seat and patting his full belly.
Dean knows he’s attractive. He’s used that to his advantage, used it to fill a void he knew existed but at certain points denied, feigned ignorance of. Wielded it like a weapon, one that’s also been turned on him more times than he can count. Sharpened, dug in deep. By hunters, old acquaintances of John’s (shit, even by John himself a couple of times to prove a point). By men in skeevy bars, sneering lips curved around bottles, eyes dark and wanting in a way that made his skin crawl, made him fold in on himself, made him hate his own reflection like nothing else could. By cops, monsters, demons. Shit like, “You have delicate features for a hunter,” and, “What’s a pretty little twink like you doing in a place like this,” and, “Heard you were handsome. But you’re just edible,” and, “Look at those cocksucking lips”.
“Whenever we get, what’s the word… close? Anywhere in the neighborhood of emotional vulnerability, you back off. Or make some joke—”
. A grown man simply cannot live off frozen dinners, ramen, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. It’s a travesty, is what it is. And kinda… sad. As though nobody’s ever given Cas a decent home-cooked meal or something (Dean would know. Been there, done that).
“I thought my letter to Adler made that abundantly clear.” He sighs and rises, stretching stiff legs and groaning with relief as his spine cracks. “I quit.”
Cas breaks away then, and Dean regrets the loss of his warmth but follows now that his body is somewhat back under control. His angel fumbles around in a drawer and pulls out a lighter, grinning brightly. He scoops up the pie and deposits it on the table, waving the two of them over. But he pauses before lighting the candle, eyes closed, hovering at the table’s end while Dean and Sam take their places opposite one another on the bench seats. Seconds later, Jack appears behind Cas, a questioning look on his face until his gaze drops to the table. Then the excited puppy look is back in full force.
sparks but there might as well have been for the candle he’s got burning. Even if the other crap didn’t get magicked away, it’s enough for Dean to sit up and take notice, and part of him is most decidedly
Castiel casts a side-eye at the stale, cold coffee sitting on the plastic-covered end table a foot away. It’s nine in the morning, late enough for him to be alert but early enough that he is nowhere near ready for this conversation. Not that his entire blood volume in caffeine could ever truly prepare him for it, anyway. He pinches the bridge of his nose, only belatedly wondering if he’s smearing paint on his face.
“I’m going to put a blindfold on you, just while I get you tied up, I’ll remove it before I suspend you fully and take any photographs. I want you to focus on the sensations and my voice. I need you to listen to me, okay?”
“I can stay, if you like. I brought my tablet so there's things I can get on with if you don’t want to be alone.”
Part of Dean expected the brisk walk in the chilly morning air to liven him up, but when he sits down with his large coffee, and a pastry that took his fancy when he got to the counter and now doesn't appetise him, he still feels inherently unenthused.
Usually, Charlie's company is a godsend, but today she inadvertently riles him up instantly and he ignores her. He pulls his laptop out heavy-handedly, practically dropping it on the table in front of him.
"Lie down?" Dean asks, dumbly. He doesn't feel tired and realistically he has things to do, but then Castiel looks impatient, like he's not going to take any of his shit.
Unlocking the metal cage, Dean kneels and slips it over Castiel's cock and locks it into place. For the next orgasms, he might release small amounts of fluid, but he won't be hard.
"Sorry, buddy," Dean says with a wince. It's not often they make too much noise to bother each other.
Castiel’s finger slips in and Dean gasps. It moves, in and out and before long another joins it, scissoring and stretching him open.
It's a nice long bank holiday weekend for me, so I'm hoping to get some more writing done :D Thanks for your support!
Castiel understood, of course he did, and simply promised Dean he would keep him updated since he wouldn’t be there. Dean much prefers the idea of receiving pictures than showing his face in a crowd that’s also seeing his dick.
Oh. Cautiously, Dean rubs his thumb over the material, its soft, lacy and everything he imagined when Castiel sent him the photo.
Castiel nods, so Dean picks up the second toy. It’s flesh coloured with a black hand pump for the knot. It’s Dean's favourite part, how he gets control over how big the knot is. After the prostate massager and Castiel being relaxed from his first orgasm, the dildo slides in easily in one go with a long groan from Castiel.
The first step is simple; Dean reaches under Cas and strokes his cock using the resulting pre-come to help ease the way. Castiel gasps and arches into the restraints, head down and watching what Dean's doing.
It feels like a long time before Castiel goes around each section of rope around his body, tucking two fingers underneath to make sure everything is perfect and how he needs it, and by that point Dean already feels like he’s floating. His eyes are open behind the blindfold, blinking slowly against the white he can see. His jaw is slack and his dick is twitching with interest.
“Sorry for the mess, we weren’t expecting visitors.” Cas picked dishes up off the counter and dropped them gracelessly into the sink, which he regretted a moment later when Alfie poked his head into the kitchen.
“You don’t have to apologize for everything,” He didn’t mean to say it, but he meant it, so he kept going. “It wasn’t all, uh painful.” Dean looked up and raised an eyebrow. His breath coming out in clouds, “Do you want to come in or something?”
“I know. I just didn’t…” She glanced up at his hair, as if just noticing. “What did you do to your hair?”
“Oh.” Dean knew that he’d find out before long, it was only a matter of when. “It’s not your fault.” He said distantly. Knowing it would be worse to sneak in or just run off, his shoulders slumped, and he headed into the house. Anticipating the worst. John was standing in the kitchen, slamming drawers and kicking furniture out of his way. Handing his duffle bag to Sam, Dean walked in the kitchen, allowing Sam to run back to the bedrooms.
“I’ll be okay, just wobbly is all. I haven’t slept, eaten or drank anything in… a long time.” Dean hauled him up, throwing his arm over his shoulder and they headed to a nearby diner. There was nobody around, the fryers were still going and there was half eaten meals strewn across the tables, but no people.
“Fuck you Dean!” Cas shouted, and Benny opened the door, seeing the scene before him. Both boys covered in blood and dirt and on their asses. Dean got to his feet and wiped his hands on his pants, the cuts reopened from fighting. Benny grabbed Dean by the arm and hauled him off to the truck, leaving Cas on the ground to regather and watch them leave with a grimace.
“Dean I’m so sorry, I tried to get to it before him, but he answered the phone and I am so sorry, I didn’t mean for this to happen!” He was rambling.
“Sure man, can’t resist that. And it was fine. I’ve seen Scream about twenty times, and it’s only been out a year. Whoever runs the drive in is obsessed.” They go downstairs into the basement, Benny grabbing some beers from the fridge on the way, and they plop onto the old sofa. “How’s Billie doing?”
Pocketing the cigarettes and mayonnaise in hand, he headed back home. John had already left, working overtime at the mechanics to keep the lights and gas on. Especially with winter rolling in. Dean emptied Sam’s toothpaste container into the trash and filled it back up with the mayonnaise. Snickering the whole time and sticking it back in the bathroom. He startled, hearing Sam open the front door and drop his crap at the dinner table.
“Do you guys want to meet at Donna’s? I think her parents just installed a tv in their basement, she said keep it small though.”
“Because it is. I love you.” Cas’s eyes were brimmed with tears and he smiled. The bangs on the door echoing louder with each passing second.
“Sam, Jack.” Amara stood at the end of the table watching them jump to their feet. “Oh, how the tables have turned. I bet this is how this went when you teamed up with my brother to kill me, isn’t it?” Her pantsuit a sleek fit that stood starkly against the browns of the bunker.
“Did you see Hannah’s face; she was practically fumin’!” The front door opened and in rushed Gabriel and Cas, the cold air bitter behind them. “I can’t believe it though! You two, people were whisperin’ about his wild girlie!” She kept her voice quiet, but she couldn’t help the excitement.
Pam leaned in, “Hey,” she whispered, “where are you?” As though caught mid-thought, Dean fell out of rhythm and pulled away.
“Ha, I bet you’re wishing you were him right about now.” Benny rambled on about his grandparents and how Christmas was soon, and his parents were taking his little sister with them so he’d need to know if he could come. Dean was turned back to Benny, but he wasn’t listening. He nodded along and mumbled something about seeing what he could do and headed into first block before the bell rang.
The steady rumble of the engine buzzed through Dean’s hands and he pulled up to the curb to let Pamela in. Her top blowing loosely in the wind, Dean could see her dad staring through the curtains, glaring at the truck and the hooligan in it. Dean smiled and turned up his music, giving Pam a peck when she got in. The drive in was 30 minutes outside of town, the pair sang along sloppily to an old cassette of Zeppelin hits that Benny hadn’t used since Dean gifted it to him in ‘95. Pamela’s fingers flowed lazily in the wind, watching the countryside speed past.
“Throw you out, of course. I am already dealing with the mess your son created. And humans don’t belong here. ‘Cosmic and otherwise neutral ground’ only.”
Considering it a moment, Dean pushed Cas off of him. “That wasn’t, I’m not like people like you.” He glared at Cas for making him think of him at all. It was his fault.
“He’ll become god eventually, I guess. He said he’d come back to see us but Amara had to ease him into the job. Everyone’s back Dean. We did it.”
“Zachariah. Still a dick I see.” Dean turned to face him, careful not to remember which way he came from so he didn’t get turned around.
“Hey Sammy, I’m going over to Benny’s. I’ll be back later!” Dean swung the door shut behind him; cigarette already lit as he walked out the door. Things weren’t as bad as they had been at home lately, Dean was itching for it to last a bit longer. His black boots scraped against the ice-littered sidewalk; the sun was already on its way below the houses. Finals had ended out the semester and Dean had done fine in most of his classes, and the ones he hadn’t he’d be taking again in the spring. The spring was always a mad dash for shop kids to get all their credits just so they could graduate. He wasn’t trying to be on the honor roll. Things weren’t too shitty. Christmas was on Wednesday and all he had to do today was show up and get drunk. And by some miracle Donna had invited Gabriel and Castiel, and Benny didn’t question it. Still, only Donna and Jody knew about the two, but Gabriel was cool, and he fit right in. And you couldn’t have just one of the brothers. So, he kicked a rock and pulled his jacket tight against the wind.
They squealed out of the parking lot and Benny began, “What the hell is wrong with you man? I heard you got into it with Gordon and earned yourself detention for two weeks and then I come find you in the parking lot beating the hell out of an underclassman?”
The alarm clock on his nightstand read four in the morning, and Dean decided to shower, to get the grime of tonight off him. He peeled his muddy and leaf strewn clothes off and dumped them onto the bathroom floor, his broad freckled shoulders bare in the moon-lit bathroom. He didn’t bother turning on the light. Without testing his soap for tampering, he washed up, the soaps burning his cut hands.
“Wake up Sammy, we’re leaving in fifteen” to this Sam groaned and threw a pillow at where he heard deans voice at the doorway. He was already shooting up like a weed and had the sarcastic bite of a 60-year-old even though he was all of fourteen, a freshman this year. Dean shut his door gently and crept past John asleep in the living room to sit quietly on the porch. He instinctively felt for his back pocket, for a pack of cigarettes that he kept on him. He wouldn’t say he was addicted but he knew he always smoked a bit more when John was back, Sammy didn’t talk to him for a week when he found out about it. So, Dean made sure he didn’t find them again. But Sam wasn’t dumb.
“Good morning Dean.” Cas walked out of the bathroom, pulling his button-up around his shoulders. “Did you find a payphone?”
By Thursday Dean’s eye was almost presentable, the purple had faded into a light green. Most of his cuts were healing up, and he looked less like he was inches from death. He hadn’t seen Cas at school today, which was odd because he rarely missed school. Dean told himself he wasn’t seeking him out or looking for him but when Cas was around, he found his eyes settled on the boy. Dean ran a hand over his face and looked for Pam after the final bell rang.
It was fall, and Dean lay in his room face up, just staring at the ceiling. He was thinking of where he’d rather be, boots crunching on the gravel of a backwoods road a stream bubbling just past the tree line. He'd run his hands along the bark of the trees as he wandered into the woods before crouching at the bed of the creek. Watching the crawdads dart back and forth beneath the current. Dean is startled back to reality as he hears the front door slam shut. He glances over at his nightstand, alarm clock showing 3:27 in bright green numbers. Dad was back.
“Dean?” He heard a voice mumble from outside the door before pushing the door open softly. He scrambled to pull his sleeves down and wipe his face off, it was Cas. He closed the door behind him. “Hey,” He glanced at Dean’s arms, only half covered by his sleeves, “Oh god.” He grabbed his hands before he could pull away and dropped to his knees. “Dean I’m so sorry, it’s all my fault.” Dean saw the crucifix missing from his neck.
“Uh, Winchester…” He mumbled, and as if on cue. Dean walked in the doors, sporting two purple eye-bags from getting hit in the nose, and his knuckles were still raw.
“Oh my god! Thank fuck for Ash, he covered my ass and said he forgot to order more.” She received a disapproving look from Ms. Warren for her language, but she dived right into the lesson once the bell rang. All class, Deans eyes glided over to where Cas sat, watching him flip through his notes and answer Ms. Warrens question on poets of the 20th century or something. His eyes flicking between his notes and the board and making a point to not look in Deans direction. It didn’t take Jo long to notice that Dean was out of it.
“Maybe Chuck missed us?” Cas looked out the window and sighed at the empty parking lot. “We should get to the bunker, maybe Sam’s there. And you should be less reckless with yourself now that I can’t heal you.”
Dean groaned and pushed himself up onto his knees, “Where the hell are we?” He looked at Cas, who was paling in the reappearance on Earth. “Woah man, are you okay?” Dean rushed to his side and hauled him upright. Cas turned and threw up.
When they got to the bunker, Sam pushed open the door and ran inside, practically tripping down the stairs.
“What, are you scared of getting beat to hell?” His body tensed up; you could tell he’d been waiting for this. “scared you won’t be able to see me well enough to land a punch?” His deep voice quieting the surrounding teens to watch.
Dean pushed Sam into his first period and shoved his hands in his pockets, not caring about the other kids glancing at his face in the hallway. He hardly noticed anymore, and they were hardly surprised. Even the freshmen were mostly unfazed by Dean walking into the school looking like he had been mauled by a bear, and Gordon wasn’t much worse off than himself. Dean saw Castiel in the hallway, facing his locker, digging something out of the bottom. Dean watched the way his shoulders moved, and dark hair curled where his collar met his neck. Cas started to turn, feeling eyes on him, and Dean looked away, searching for Pamela in the crowded hall.
“You better not have gotten your drool all over my window, I swear!” Jo pushed Garth, making him grab Dean’s shirt by the collar.
“What has been up with you lately?” She started, “It’s like you’ve been distracted, and it’s been this way for months.” Dean looked around and grabbed her wrist pulling her to a back hallway behind the gym.
“Yes. The last thing I need is for you and your loud mouth to get back in here. Any Winchester for that fact. You’re lucky I don’t rip you atom from atom for what your boy did in here.” It gestured broadly around as the ground rumbled beneath them. “Let’s hurry this up, I have places to be.” It motioned Cas forward and plunged a hand into his chest. Dean rushed forward; eyebrows drawn together.
“Stow the Hallmark, ‘kay?” Leave it to Sam to get all sappy. “Nothing to talk about.” Dean scoffs, focusing on his task.
Dean smiles, despite himself, at the fondness in the other man’s tone. But the moment he tries to speak he ends up in a coughing fit that rakes over his parched throat and twists his abdominal muscles to the point of soreness.
Although they’ve called and texted daily during their time apart, tonight marks eight days since he’s seen his angel (well, ex-angel). Eight days since he last kissed him, tasted his skin or heard his throaty moans.
. However, Castiel remains propped on an elbow, hesitant now. They’ve done this so many times, but never… never after… would it be welcome? Has this changed things?
“Been waiting on you. We’ve got a whole box over there, you guys gonna help or what?” After a long minute of Sam staring between the both of them as they fidget and avoid looking at each other, Sam clears his throat obnoxiously. “Am I interrupting something?”
Dean whimpers when they part, craving more. Cas’ eyes shimmer under the streetlamp’s dim fluorescent bulb, tears clinging to his lashes, and his smile—
Castiel starts and spins around, feeling a full-body blush work its way across his skin. How long has Dean been awake and standing there? He hadn’t heard him get out of bed.
Before he has a chance to withdraw too far in his own anxious internal rambling, Cas’ smile grows even brighter. He pulls out a few items of clothing, tucks them beneath his arm and suddenly he’s in Dean’s personal space again within the space of a blink. Dean stumbles backward, bumping the hinge of the door with a surprised grunt. The doorway is a tight fit, bringing them close,
He thinks he hears him calling, or maybe whispering, hard to tell 'cause he sounds so far away but somewhere in Dean's mind, he knows he's not.
His stomach flutters, the toes in his leather boots curl in anticipation. He lets out a breath and turns the key. Listens to his baby purr to life, echoing in the vast, beautiful silence.
? It’s beyond ridiculous, and it should be humiliating because Dean’s always been smooth as fuck, right? But he can’t even bring himself to care since it’s hitting him all at once in a wild rush that he’s just so damn
Giving in to the same need, Dean finally touches his own neglected cock. It's heavy in his hand, throbs against the heated flesh of his palm. Warmth spreads through his gut, the muscles of his abdomen and thighs clenching as he smears a glob of precome around the head and strokes in long, slow pulls. He glances up to see Cas’ head thrown back, the strong, solid body under it tense as he struggles to maintain a modicum of composure.
He pastes on his most charming smirk and says, “Mornin’, Sunshine,” hoping his surprise wasn’t obvious.
Dean sputters, unsure how to respond, and a glance back at Cas reveals wide eyes and darkened cheeks even in the muted moonlight between each colorful burst above them. He’s staring at the hands clasped tightly in his lap, and knowing even just the thought of them being together like that has Cas looking so embarrassed makes his gut twist painfully.
Last night, after a perfect, relaxing dinner with Dean, his brother had called for what’s become weekly check-ins. Gabe would never admit it out loud, but Castiel knows it’s got little to nothing to do with the house and everything to do with him being in a new town, surrounded by strangers, completely out of his element. At first, there’d been a protective edge to Gabriel’s tone when he asked about Dean, one Castiel hadn’t heard since coming out to his family during college. Didn’t take long until it turned teasing.
He checks his phone. It’s 8 a.m., a little later than he usually rises, but he’d lounged around that morning due in part to his condition, and because it’s Saturday, so he’s off at the shop. Not that it’s a regular nine-to-five, but he spends four days of the week there while reserving the other three for rest, time with family and friends, chores, and occasionally odd jobs around town.
Dean chokes down the desperate sound threatening to erupt from his throat and closes his eyes, slipping
of the ceiling fan, so he figures something in his dream must have startled him awake. Wouldn’t be the first time.
Castiel strokes Claire’s back and informs her he’ll be back soon. “Don’t poop on anything,” he pleads. She glares at him as though offended by the mere suggestion and he chuckles fondly on his way out the door.
Cas has beautiful hands (well, beautiful everything, really). Long, graceful fingers fold with routine precision, a stack systematically forming between them as the time passes. Dean loves these rare moments of leisure, the days they get to spend together doing anything and nothing in the home they’re making their own.
Cas hovers in the doorway of their bedroom, a basket full of laundry in his arms. They’d decided to combine loads from the start, since it was easier and took up less water when they had to do it at Bobby’s. Even after the new appliances arrived at the house a few weeks ago, the habit stuck, and Cas insisted on taking that chore since Dean does the vast majority of the cooking.
his father. But it was an obligatory kind of love, unconditional in the way all children must love those who've given them life, thrust them into the belly of existence kicking and screaming. If the man ever returned such affection, it's difficult to say, but by his actions alone Castiel always felt as if he were little more than a cog in his great machine. Appreciated only for his usefulness, discarded when that no longer applied. Right now, he's not certain whether that makes this better, or that much worse.
"Your Highness," Dean says, performing an exaggerated bow. Cas gives him a weird look, which he shrugs off. “Cas, this my friend—”
“I’ve been practicing. I know tradition dictates cake for such an occasion, but you prefer pie, so I thought—”
Sitting on the bed facing Dean, he watches as Claire noses the man’s legs, sniffing warily at the stranger invading her territory. Dean stiffens, his smile shifting into a grimace, but within seconds he relaxes and reaches down to let her smell his palm. She does, then nuzzles against it.
He scrubs both palms over his face like they can wipe the melancholy away. They don’t. So, with his brain pounding a steady beat inside his skull and stomach doing the mambo, he shucks off his pants and shirt, toes on his slippers, and shrugs into a bathrobe. Following the tantalizing promise of—
They work steadily in an easy, comfortable silence, Cas starting at one end, Dean at the other, and within a quarter of an hour they meet in the middle by the drink station. Cas fills a pitcher with soda water, popping each nozzle off the soda machine and dropping them into it to be set aside, then moves on to the slushies. Humming to a tune in his head, Dean sways his hips and dances with the mop, listening to Cas chuckle behind him. Then—
Chuckling darkly, he ignores it and quickly lathers shampoo into his hair, humming to distract himself. He tries not to think about him, he really does. But as he turns his face into the spray, eyes closed, a vision of blue dances behind his lids and he nearly whimpers from the pulse of longing it brings.
Encouraged rather than put off by his answering glower, Dean’s expression grows into a full-blown shit-eating grin. A sarcastic retort lays heavy and thick on Castiel’s tongue, but he swallows it down. Sighs, instead, and runs a hand through his thick hair. Dean’s just trying to break the tension. Plus, it’s difficult to be snarky with Dean when he looks so unreasonably delicious, Castiel’s sexual frustration and poor self-esteem aside.
“Hey, baby girl,” he murmurs fondly, stooping to scoop her into his arms. She sniffs at his lips and squirms away, scowling as much as he supposes a cat can at his whiskey-sour breath. “Sorry. It’s been”—he hiccups—“a long day.”
So although he has a preference for women most of the time, and therefore more experience with them, Dean doesn’t shy away from his attraction to men, either. Regardless, as far as
After years of not having a proper home, stuff of his own, once he and Sammy did have a permanent place to stay, it felt significant. Home is precious, so it means something to him to take care of it. Everything has its place; he’s built up a damn good system keeping it that way, and he spent so long playing housekeeper and parent for his dad and brother the habits are basically automatic at this point.
Dad was workin’ a job and had left the two of them for going on two weeks. Didn’t take long for them to run out of the basics, and Dean had spent their last dollar on a fountain soda because his brother needed the carbs and sugar and it was the best he could do at the time.
Later, when Cas pats his satisfied stomach and says he’ll meet him at the car, Dean thanks Missouri with a big kiss to her cheek on top of her usual generous tip. She cups his face in one softly wrinkled palm, her eyes sympathetic and kind, and says, “You should tell him, baby.”
Jack beams proudly, blue eyes crinkling, and suddenly Dean is reminded why he was so eager to return home from the diner despite how much he enjoyed gorging himself. He was a bit disappointed and confused as to why Cas declined the invitation.
That nickname again, in the voice that plagued his dreams all night… It’s immensely pleasing. Endearing, even. Despite all better judgment telling him not to indulge in this man’s company, to delight in Dean’s beguiling idiosyncrasies, he wants to hear Dean say it again and again. He wants to hear it in every tone, from breathy whispers to higher whines.
Smirking, Cas turns to him, holding Dean’s half-empty tube of Astroglide and a condom. He shakes the bottle, one eyebrow cocked, and tilts his head toward the drawer. “I see you’ve been keeping busy.”
Through it all, Dean remains by his side. His presence brings stability and comfort, as though he knows how lost Castiel would feel without him there, and once the initial introductions are out of the way, Dean guides him back to the kitchen. There, they find every inch of available counter space filled to the brim with food, everything from bar-b-que ribs to buffalo wings, pasta salad to finger sandwiches, quesadillas to casseroles.
Now that Dean thinks about it, it’s a lot to give up for a house in a town filled with strangers, a small one no less. Things here have gotta be a helluva lot different from what he’s used to, but he’s never once complained, and he seems genuinely happier here.
Okay, that’s one thing he definitely can’t complain about at Bobby’s. A few years ago, he’d caved and fitted new, larger pipes to the well and bought a higher capacity pump. Figured it was the least he could do, including many other repairs he’d made around the house and salvage yard over time, but really he did it because he wanted to be able to take a decent, long shower without the pressure tapping out every time Ellen ran the dishwasher or did a load of laundry. Worth every hour of labor and every penny.
Then the bright shaft of sunlight poking through his blinds shifts position, right across his face, and brooding finally begins to lose its appeal.
Townspeople form little clusters either beneath the open sky or portable canopies, gathered around stereos, tables, and bar-b-que grills, with chairs and blankets laid out across the grass bordering the narrow strip of sand and weathered-smooth rocks running the length of the glimmering, pristine shoreline. Spotting a flash of bright red, Dean weaves through the crowds over to their—er, his—family’s spot.
, by Castiel. All of him, every bit. The small smiles only meant for Dean. The way Cas rambles when he’s actually passionate about something, the contentment on his face when they sit and watch crappy TV together, how his eyes gleam in the low lamplight as they settle in for bed, or the bleary, squinty frown he gives Dean when he first wakes.
But it put Sammy through law school, because even the full-ride to Stanford didn’t cover living expenses and housing, and Dean wanted all his brother’s focus on school, not hopping between classwork and a job. He wanted better for Sammy because that kid deserved the damn world even if Dean had to scrape and claw his way through to give it to him.
Sure, the guy’s usually a massive dork. Cas has what Dean feels is an unnatural obsession with bees, terrible taste in music, and he uses more emojis in his texts than a teenager. He still doesn’t get the majority of Dean’s references despite the encyclopedia Metatron involuntarily uploaded into his brain years ago, drinks enough coffee to put a lesser man’s ticker permanently out of commission, and his sense of humor goes down like a mouthful of cotton.
Fifteen minutes later, he drops Castiel off outside of the motel, where he pays the fare and lugs his suitcase, duffel bag, and Claire’s crate from the trunk. It takes some coaxing to get her inside, and she scratches his right hand, screeching like a banshee the entire time. Once the cabbie finally pulls away, he has the cat and his belongings piled on the curb outside the motel lobby.
Sam and Jack trail behind him as he throws open the garage door, his mouth immediately watering because the most
“All embarrassing things, I’m sure.” Sam chuckles as he shakes Cas’ hand, obviously taking stock of the man, and Dean notes his brother’s grip is unnecessarily tight.
No other cars in sight, no twists or turns in the road, the path is straight and clear yet that former comfort has been replaced by dread for it lacking a
It’s a quick fuck in the dirty bathroom stall of a dive bar; ankles locked behind his bare ass, painted nails scratching up his back, cloying perfume filling his lungs, cheap lipstick smearing on his neck. It’s him in a graffitied neon-lit alley at 2 a.m.; knees scraping wet gravel, lips swollen and dripping saliva, jaw aching, a rough hand clutching his hair while his own works between his thighs.
Dean chuckles nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. “It’s not that, uh—can you just… wait down here for a few minutes? Please?”
—so he doesn’t say a word. Just nods and lifts the blanket to allow Cas to scoot closer, tangle their legs together, and wrap a strong arm around his waist.
I sketched the layout for the house. Maybe one of these days I'll redo it all fancy but for now you get to bask in my crappy handwriting.
Instead of taking their former places at the counter, Dean steers him with a palm against the small of his back toward a booth near the front window. Castiel fights the urge to close his eyes and lean into Dean’s strong, broad hand, its warmth seeping through the dark blue cotton, and regrets its loss the moment they arrive at their seats.
Castiel’s jaw ticks, a single eyebrow rising with an almost predatory glare that short-circuits Dean’s brain and goes straight to his dick. Again.
That explained why the house hadn’t fallen apart, but it still looked like it hadn’t been touched in years. Castiel hums curiously. “But you stopped.”
It doesn’t take long for his mind to wander further, nor his hand. His movements stutter slightly as he wonders what Cas looks like in the places he’s yet to see. He feels Cas thicken beneath his palm and kneads once, twice. Hears trembling breaths turn to pleased, eager noises. Feels his own cock swelling against his thigh and makes a needy sound. Dean wants, so fucking much it aches, he
“Yeah, no problem.” He pulls it wide, giving Cas enough room to shuffle inside, and follows him into the large freezer.
It’s not that Dean doesn’t appreciate the time he spends with the rest of his family and friends, because he truly does. Dean’s a fairly enigmatic guy; despite some prickly aspects of his personality, he’s also charming, social, and a people pleaser.
He pauses a moment, kinda nervous because shit, it’s been a long-ass minute since he’s done this, but God does he
He chases the sweet wet heat of Dean’s mouth with his own, licking along the seam of lips which taste of bitter hops and the tart, saccharine cherry pie Ellen brought to the lake. When those lips finally part to bid him entry he takes full advantage of his momentum and delves in, possessive and demanding, running his tongue along the tender palate inside, feeling the sharp line of straight teeth, caressing Dean’s tongue with his own.
Sammy insisted over the phone on meeting them back at Bobby’s place to help with the move, but Dean suspects (correctly) that the gesture has more to do with curiosity about Cas than simple goodwill.
He calls Benny, who’s not only Dean’s friend but also his business manager, to let him know Dean’s taking the week off. Though they’d been warned away to prevent spreading the flu around, Cas texts his family daily updates and Ellen drops off some homemade chicken noodle and pecan pie one morning while Dean’s sleeping in.
The dude’s eyes go blank, gazing right through him as if he’s parsing every syllable, trying to form them into something coherent. Dean can almost fool himself into thinking his blush darkens, that maybe he’s imagining all the possibilities in that statement. But within seconds, he meets Dean’s eyes again, expression neutral, and dashes that tiny spark of hope to nothing.
Next up - it's Cas's turn to take care of Dean, and there's a shift in their relationship. Thoughts/theories? Let me know in the comments! And as always, thanks so much for reading.
He pulls out ever so slowly, watching the point where their bodies meet until only the tip remains inside. Then snaps his hips forward, sharp and quick, grunting at the change in pressure and depth and the shout that erupts from Dean washes over him like a caress.
Cas, but still feels he knows... nothing at all. As though he's from another goddamn plane of existence entirely, merely a visitor passing through Dean’s on his way to somewhere, or some
Monday night, however, he goes so far as to Google, in secret, a tomato rice soup recipe just like Dean’s mom used to make when he was little. Dean is astonished to the point of tears (which he hides under a tissue with the excuse of a runny nose) that Cas remembered, ‘cause he’d only ever mentioned it once offhand like, weeks ago in a random conversation. Cas even manages not to fuck it up or burn the house down in the process, and shit, Dean’s kinda proud of him.
Cas only lets Dean get out of bed to relieve himself and take baths (showers aren’t allowed, apparently. Something about blood pressure, Cas doesn’t want him to slip and fall, blah blah blah), which is embarrassing enough in itself. He also forces him to drink some nasty tea with honey that basically tastes like sweetened grass, a metric fuckton of water, and won’t let him have any beer ‘cause he says alcohol may interfere with the medication.
He holds Dean's gaze as though he can will all his thoughts and desires into the air between them and make them stick. After a long pause, he says, “For—”
—could change so greatly in so little time. Just a speck, truly, a singular grain of dust drifting on the wind, compared to the immense span of his lifetime. Yet he has, and all due to one man.
Cas carefully closes the book, treating it like it’s something precious, and sets it beside him on the couch before rising. He strides confidently toward Sam, doesn’t even seem at all put off by his enormous height, and holds out his hand.
quick. Sometimes… sometimes he doesn’t want to make the long drive of shame back home with an empty stomach and emptier heart. Or wake up to find the other person’s skipped out in the middle of the night. Yeah, it’s happened, even to
It brings to Dean’s mind that awkward sensation you get when you’ve forgotten a new acquaintance’s name. Under the assumption that they think you know it, you keep up the charade, shuffling and dodging around potentially using the wrong one to avoid causing offense. Then snoop, and drop hints, and lead them with little conversational breadcrumbs in hopes they’ll just say it out loud and put you out of your fucking misery.
“Hey…” Dean turns him away from the island and steps closer, drawing Castiel into his arms. “Is this okay?” he whispers.
“Hello, Sam,” he says, this time instigating a quick hug and pat on the back. “I’m so pleased you could make it. And this lovely lady must be your fiance?” She takes his offered hand with a brilliant smile. He bows neatly, pressing a gentle kiss to her knuckles.
Dean’s eyelids flutter, a soft sigh escapes his lips. Right now, he sees Cas lying flat, arm tucked protectively around him. Breathing softly, his shock of dark hair close enough to tickle his nose. He smells of earth and rain, similar to the dream, but different. It’s uniquely Cas, this scent, and Dean wishes he could wrap himself in it, burrow down, stay forever. There’s the mild tang of salt, sweat, beneath whatever soap he uses. Piney, little musky and masculine, but kinda sweet, too and he can almost—
. Their journey will continue one day, but for now... I just want to thank everyone who followed this far. I appreciate you endlessly. Please subscribe for future updates!
The leaves fade from varying shades of orange-red to brown and, drifting in lofty spirals to coat the ground, they rapidly disappear under increasingly thick layers of snow as autumn officially switches over to winter.
Dean chuckles. “Kinda vague, but I’ve heard worse. We can work with that.” With a hand poised to shield his eyes, he squints up at the sky, remembering the time. “Shouldn’t you be at work right now?”
He leaned back on one palm, staring up into the bruised, purpling sky as the sun slipped down past the distant treeline. “You say that like it’s that easy.”
The knowledge that he’s getting Cas off like this, just with his image and voice, leaves him teetering on that cliff, so ready to fall that it
inebriated, the day of his father’s— Well, suffice it to say, Castiel is filled with joy and satisfaction rather than regret and nostalgia, and that’s what matters. He can’t remember the last time anyone made him feel this comfortable and welcome, so for now, he allows himself to bask in the sensations.
“Whiskey,” they say in unison. Immediately, Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s. He laughs, and Cas smiles bashfully, gaze breaking away to focus intently on the table.
He wants so badly to turn over, tilt his head and press their mouths together, capture the sweet mint toothpaste flavor he detects lingering on the other man’s breath, but the knowledge that he can’t is a spear to the chest which leaves him cold, empty, regardless of the temporary contentment these touches bring.
He's not upset, not angry with Dean whatsoever. More mortified than anything that Dean knows how aroused he made him, that Dean caught him in this compromising situation, and that he responded in kind like a horny, touch-starved teenager without waiting for consent. But try telling any of that to Castiel’s cock right now, which seems to care very little, if at all, about his turbulent emotional state.
threadbare AC/DC t-shirt he borrowed ‘cause they need to do laundry, soaked through and clinging in all the right places, is fucking torture. Who knows?
“Do you have—” Cas looks like he’s embarrassed just to ask, and in any other situation Dean probably would be to answer but right now all he cares about is getting Cas’ dick in his ass,
His lips part, but sound sticks in his throat. He worries that perhaps he’s overstepped, but when Dean turns his whole body around to look at him, his face is flushed all the way to the tips of his ears and his expression is almost… shy? Yet again, Dean Winchester surprises him. Within seconds, though, the bashful look evaporates into a cocky smirk that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. Dean shrugs one shoulder.
Cas squints, frozen in place as they walk away, and Dean hopes he doesn’t ask Sam to explain. A minute later, though, he follows them down to his bedroom and offers to help. Dean’s not about to turn down some extra arms (especially not if it means he gets to see Cas do some heavy lifting, find out how strong the guy really is) so he agrees and gives him instructions on what to take or leave. He only has a little packed, so Sam and Cas start on the furniture while he finishes filling up the boxes Ellen left for him.
He chuckles affectionately and flips open his laptop. His inbox reveals an email from a store in Sioux Falls about the appliances he and Dean ordered, though it seems they won’t all be shipped out at once. Looks like they’ll be doing laundry at Bobby’s again this week because they found out very quickly that the ancient washer and dryer left here by his grandparents were more prone to flooding the house or setting it on fire than cleaning and drying their clothes. Even with all Dean’s mechanical expertise, there’s only so much he can do when the replacement parts are near impossible to find or safely jerry-rig.
“You should get out of those clothes as soon as we get home,” Cas says, gazing out the passenger window.
nice to and even then it’s more that they both begrudgingly respect and tolerate one another, having been business neighbors and friends for the past forty-something years) claps a hand on his shoulder, gives it a quick squeeze, and leaves him alone in the break room so he can have a few minutes of privacy.
The hardwood floors are in excellent condition, though they could probably use a fresh stain and polish. Most of the furnishings left behind are salvageable, built to last, though several need refinishing or new upholstery. There's no central air, and the heating system has to be updated, preferably before the season changes.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” She said, slamming the car door behind her. “Where did you disappear to? We drove around looking for you!” Dean didn’t even bother getting a word in edgewise. “You could’ve been dead in a ditch somewhere! You didn’t even tell us you were leaving. If you had too much to drink and wanted to go home, you could’ve said so.” Dean stood up and kissed her.
“Cas, buddy, I need you here with me. I’m looking for you. I need to know that I can get you, and that we can get out of here. Please Cas, I… I didn’t get to say it back. I’m sorry I didn’t. Just please come back to me.” His voice caught in his throat and he ran a hand over his eyes.
The alarm clock buzzed at eight the next morning, and the cold breeze blew harshly against the side of Dean’s face. He groaned, his back sore from sleeping upright, and stood up to close the window. He let himself back down onto the bed and curled up, not even bothering to get under the blankets.
Around ten the doorbell rang, and Mrs. Lafitte called down the steps for him. Dean climbed upstairs and turned the corner, expecting to find Sammy, he instead saw Cas. He was standing at the doorway, a trench coat hung loosely around him. Dean blinked past him, hearing John’s insults echoing in his head and reverberating through his bruises, making them pang with pain.
The empty didn’t waste any time taking them, tendrils grabbing onto Billie and Cas, and Dean getting wrapped up in it all. He had never experienced anything like it. The cool slime pulling the trio into itself. He hadn’t expected the Empty to be so, empty. Dean woke up on the ground, his eyes open but seeing nothing. He felt his way around blindly, calling for Cas, for help, anyone. Humans weren’t supposed to be in the empty so there was no way for him to be able to be kept asleep in it.
“Fine.” With that, the Empty disappeared into the darkness, leaving Dean alone with himself. “I’ve been to Heaven, Hell, and Purgatory, I think I can play a game of hide and seek.” He mumbled to himself.
What's more is that Castiel is wearing a pair of dark-rimmed glasses that he's never seen before, giving him some kind of hot librarian look.
Dean grins and stands up, running his hand through Castiel's hair and hearing his omega growl in pleasure in return.
A few cookies, a glass of water and a power nap with Castiel stroking his hair until he fell asleep was all Dean needed to feel like he was back up and running. He looks at the time and finds that he’s been here for an hour already, they’d overrun on their fun times together, but tells himself it wasn’t wasted since they both enjoyed themselves. Castiel swiftly shut him up before he can apologise for running over the half hour they had intended on taking.
Thank you to everyone who has commented along, joined along the way or who waited until this was marked complete! I've been absolutely in awe of the reaction to this fic and I love each and every one of you for helping to keep me inspired and going with this fic (especially in the middle where I lagged and struggled a little with life things) ♥
Here we are: the last official chapter! I say that because I have ideas for two timestamps :P One a smutty xmas eve evening with Dean tied up like a pretty present and the other about the suspension shoot photos. :)
Dean breathes out a long breath. He’s been looking forward to it all week. Ever since he saw the photographs of Castiel’s last model, he asked about suspension and Castiel didn’t deny him.
Dean nods enthusiastically and the true nature of Cas’ experience with rope gets to shine as a waist harness is looped around him faster than he’s seen before - this time focussed on getting the rope on Dean rather than focussing on the sensations. Even so, Dean is mostly hard, trapped in the panties, by the time Castiel has finished.
"Dude. That assignment isn't going to write itself. You okay?" Aaron nudges Dean's elbow and the screen comes back into focus.
Dean sets his phone next to his tray as he sits down in one of the quieter corners. He eats quickly and is just about to start his pudding cup when his phone buzzes.
Later, once they've both had a decent meal and Castiel is feeling more relaxed as the day goes on, they head up to the bedroom and Dean sucks Cas off as he whines about his dick being too sensitive but Dean takes another dry orgasm from him regardless as Castiel cries and sobs over it.
I’m more than happy to whisk you away for a while. Unfortunately people here need to talk to me. See you tomorrow :)
Cas smiles, blinking slowly and reaching out for a kiss. Dean obliges him, letting their lips meet. "Of course I am," Cas says confidently, wiggling his ass as best he can in the restraints.
Now, after Castiel runs through a couple of extra rules he has for suspension, Dean leans in to Castiel to kiss him. It’s so much softer than before, this time just something to prove he’s okay, that he’s willing, because he knows Castiel is concerned. Dean is sad to be rid of the panties, especially as he knows he won’t go home with them. Castiel offered to wash them for him, so they didn’t get seen at Dean’s campus laundromat and Dean realised that was definitely the best plan ahead.
Castiel falls asleep within moments and Dean remains stuck under his mate. He doesn't mind since he can probably finish his book before Cas wakes up hungry.
“Please.” Castiel kisses him, swallowing up his words. “Please.” More kisses and his words are muffled. Dean whines. Castiel did warn him he was going to work for it.
Dean laughs nervously but his insides are buzzing like excitement on caffeine. “We have like thirty minutes before anything
Gonna be great. I’m feeling the need for it, is that weird? I’ve been buried in college work all week and I need to look at something other than this wall.
Castiel rolls his eyes but turns. Immediately, Dean stands and shuffles his jeans down his legs, followed by his boxers and socks and then pulls off his shirt too so he’s naked. He strokes over the panties one last time before slipping them over his legs. This isn’t the first time he’s worn panties; this time at least they’re a classy black lace, rather than bright pink satin. He runs his thumbs over the seams and silk waistband, making sure his dick is tucked in nicely and straightens up.
Dean stumbles to his feet as soon as he's able, shaking Castiel's helping hands from him and finding his clothes. He shoves them on, shirt on backwards but the rest of it somewhat successful.
He's fine. He doesn't need to call and whine to Castiel about his overfilled schedule. This probably
at them. That’s the other reason Dean didn’t go - he was afraid of what people would think of him more than the photographs. Castiel had assured him several times that the people going to the opening night
Remember there will be two timestamps for this fic, they'll be written and posted after NaNoWriMo, so that I can work on my other project (a Cambion!Dean/Nephilim!Cas fic) but I will be back :D
Dean and Castiel enjoy a night in a hotel on Christmas Eve. There's rope involved and a very over the top Christmas ribbon so Castiel can unwrap his very own present.
His dorm room is a welcome sight. Empty hallways and Aaron isn't back either. He strips out of his clothes, replacing them with a pair of boxers and yesterday's shirt and tucks himself under the covers.
Begrudgingly, they pull themselves off the bed and stand by the doorway. They haven't got long before Aaron is back.
Every now and then is the sound of the metal chains and it makes him tingle to remember the photographs he saw in the gallery the other week. They had been stunning and Dean can only hope that he looks just as good when he’s up there. He imagines the later feelings as rope cinches tight around his legs.
"Mick, fuck. Don't fucking move." Castiel comes towards him and Dean wriggles more. This was supposed to be a safe space where no one would see them. "Dean," Castiel whispers to him, stroking his arm as he lowers the bar back down to the ground. "It's okay, you're okay."
Dean resumes reading, it's just getting to the good part. He's read this book several times over, it's one of his favourites. Sometime during chapter six, Castiel's fourth orgasm runs dry. Dean stops the vibrations using the remote, giving Castiel a break.
"Oh shit… shit, fuck…. dammit. So sorry, Dean, I didn't… I'll just go. Text me when you're uh… done." Aaron's embarrassed rambling disappears with the sound of the door closing.
Dean feels the tingles as the arousal courses through his body. He bites back a whimper, but he can’t hold it in when Castiel’s finger turns into a hand and it slides around his hip so tantalisingly slow and takes hold of his lace-covered ass cheek. Castiel squeezes and Dean groans.
Dean doesn’t go to the opening night of Castiel’s exhibition, the first reason being the huge assignment that’s due before winter break and he only has a couple of weeks to finish it off. Then there’s the upcoming exams so he’s neck deep in past papers, textbooks and his own notes. He’s barely even seen Castiel all week despite the growing itch to do so. However, if he wants to get the grades he wants and to carry on next term, he needs to be thinking about gears and shafts… and the uses of lubricants. He sinks his head into his hands and groans.
“I’ll be good,” Dean says again, a personal mantra because he wants to come under Castiel’s power this afternoon so fucking much.
"Yeah. Never liked flying but this…" Dean takes a deep breath, letting it out on a cleansing sigh. "I wanna stay like this forever."
Thanks for being patient! This week was busier at work than expected so I didn't get as much done as I wanted
Dean grabs his towel and heads into the showers to clean up a little and once dressed, he heads to the lunch hall to grab some food. While in line, the nerves for this afternoon with Castiel kick in and he feels less hungry, but the view of today's cheeseburgers quickly abates that and he picks one up alongside fries and a pudding cup.
Back cracking a couple of times as he stretches, Dean sets the coffee pot going before heading into the large alcove they have off the living room. It's what used to be the pantry, but when they moved in, Dean knocked it through and made it a smaller room off the living room for Cas.
When Dean opens his eyes, along with his mouth, he can see the black prostate massager poised in front of his face. It slips between his lips and Dean waits for Castiel’s next instruction before doing anything, after all, he promised to be good.
Dean only gets a grunt in reply, so he peppers Castiel's bare back with a few more kisses before shoving the covers off himself and slipping his feet into his slippers to head back downstairs.
The short journey from campus to Castiel’s studio is suddenly the longest drive Dean has ever taken, or so it feels like. He’s not even parked straight when he swings into the parking lot, nor does his name and signature look like his own when he signs in.
Dean finishes his assignment as Castiel taps away at his tablet and afterwards he feels a massive weight lifted from him. When he swivels his chair around to announce the completion to find Castiel sat cross-legged in the middle of his bed and staring with what Dean is going to deem the most adorable look of concentration on his face.
I'm sorry this is a bit shorter than the others. My plans for this chapter did not... well, go to plan... and I panicked when I told myself I wanted to aim for this to be completed by the time NaNoWriMo comes round and realising November isn't far away 😅
. It's not a bad thing, just unexpected. He's friendlier, his presence is less dominating and yet all Dean is craving is his touch, like it's going to solve all of his problems. Maybe Dean's just so fragile right now that Castiel touching him again actually
His car makes him feel welcome, but he doesn't even flinch when he slams the door shut, rattling the lost lego in the vents. The engine over revs but he still doesn't care as he tears away from the studio with one last glance in the rearview mirror.
Cas padded over to the door and slowly, quietly, clicked the lock. “He can’t get you now.” He wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pulling his face into his chest, “You’re safe.” Dean hadn’t realized he’d been holding his breath until Cas pulled him into his arms. He knew he didn’t deserve this. He pulled Cas in and wrapped his own arms around Cas’s middle, the hunger in his eyes that was there a moment ago was now replaced with sincerity. Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and climbs into bed.
