“Oh, well, I thought that was just a joke.” He said while awkwardly chuckling.
Castiel was sulking around his house when he heard the doorbell ring. Figuring it was some scout trying to sell something, he opened his door. But he wasn't expecting what he saw. There, in the flesh, was Dean Winchester. He had been certain he wouldn't show. But there he was.
Dean couldn’t handle Cas being sad though. He grabbed Cas’ hand and kissed his cheek. “I’m not really a top Cas. And definitely not a Dom. I could tell you wanted it though and I wanted to do this for you. And I’m not upset about doing it either. You loved it so I’m glad. But I don’t know if I could do this again. I’m sorry.” Dean responded honestly.
Dean gasped and before he could think about what he was doing, he pushed open the door. “Cas?” He asked in awe. Cas jumped and turned to face him, eyes wide and jaw slack.
“Fuck!” He yelled to his empty room and he tugged at his hair in frustration. He needed to talk to someone. He needed to get this out. He wracked his brain trying to figure out who he should call. Finally, he decided he should call his brother. They had always had each other’s backs and Dean knew Sam wouldn’t care that he had a thing for guys. Hell, Sam had gone to California for college, and was now working as a Lawyer specializing in discrimination lawsuits. If anyone wasn’t going to judge him, it would be Sam. So, Dean grabbed his phone off the nightstand and dialed his number. After three rings, he finally picked up.
Cas sat down and began eating the lovely breakfast his boy prepared. He was very happy. "Thank you, Dean. And I'm sorry if I upset you this morning love."
This was one of his secret indulgences. As a hunter, he always needed to be tough and strong, and he always dressed in a similar fashion, with his flannel, jeans and boots. He liked those clothes, sure. They were practical after all when he was out hunting creatures. But he also secretly longed to feel pretty; to feel more feminine. It was something he warred with himself over, ever since he was a teenager and had seen his first drag queen. He had been in awe at seeing a man in women’s clothes; something he had never seen or even knew was a thing before that day. He remembered wondering what it would feel like to dress like that; to look at himself in a mirror and see someone pretty looking back. He had no desire to go full on drag, or be someone different. He just wanted to be Dean, but sometimes maybe a more feminine version.
“Okay, maybe you’re right. Thanks Sammy.”
more than that; it had felt like he was making love to Cas, which was something he had never done before. When he looked into Cas’ eyes, it almost looked as if Cas felt the same. And then Cas had gone and kissed him, making Dean feel like he had died and gone to heaven. He couldn’t remember ever being kissed like that before in his life. He’d felt a tiny glimmer of hope that maybe,
Dean slowly exhaled as he pushed into his body. Cas had prepped him a little more than he would usually like, but he was still big and Dean could feel him up in what felt like his stomach.
Of course, Dean had already learned his habits. It was both endearing as well as annoying. "Valentine's day is next week." Cas said as if that was enough explanation.
“What are you talking about?” He asked blearily. It was way too early to be dealing with his brother’s antics right now.
Castiel had been nervous all day, barely getting any work done on the website he was currently designing for one of his clients. Today was Bianca’s first day of third grade, and like every year before this one, he was a basket case. He always worried the first day, wondering if his daughter would be blessed with a nice teacher or not, and if she would end up in a class with at least one of her friends. It was just one of the many worries he juggled as a parent.
Dean came to rub Castiel’s back, kissing his head. "It’s okay, Cas. I know it’s rough. I've had issues too.”
Dean and Sam began to bicker like most siblings did about random things before they both decided they needed to use the restroom before the food arrived. That left Cas alone with Bobby. Cas began to fidget as he was nervous being around the man who basically raised Dean. He was wondering if he should say something when Bobby started talking.
"Good boy." Cas said as he stroked Dean's face. " I want you to go into my room and stand next to my bed. Do not undress yet."
“I-I trust you Cas.” He whispered shyly; both of them sharing a small smile before he felt the first push of a finger enter his virgin hole. His whole body tensed at the feeling; his hole trying to resist the finger when he remembered his instructions. He pushed out and then felt Cas’ finger sink deeper till it was all the way inside. He gasped and his eyes squeezed shut tight at the slight burn. It was just like Cas said, not bad, just a bit uncomfortable. Cas held his finger there, letting Dean become accustomed to the finger, before he gently pulled back and thrust it back in.
"Fuck Dean, you were serious about that?" Cas asked as he felt himself harden a little.
“Sure. Why not?” Cas shrugged as he leaned back into the back of the couch and spread his legs. “Get to it.” He said, eye brow quirked.
“Well too bad, I’m your best friend and its my job to cheer you up. So….let’s hear it. Come on, what’s wrong.” She pestered until Dean finally had enough and walked out, leaving her sitting there stunned. Luckily, they had come separately so he only felt slightly guilty leaving her there since he wasn’t leaving her stranded. But he really had had enough. He didn’t want to talk about it and she wasn’t going to make him.
“Duh Cas….I know that. It's why I didn't repeat the touching part or the giving head part. Loser has to wash dishes for a month or something,
“T-thanks man.” He whispered, before Sam pulled him into a hug. “Just d-don’t tell anyone else, please.” He begged as he hugged his brother back.
“Of Course, Dean. You can always talk to me about anything.” Cas said sincerely as he turned to face Dean and give him his full attention.
bar, right?”
Dean felt Cas clench hard around him, and then he watched the come shoot out of Cas’ cock, untouched, to land all over Dean’s chest. He bucked up a couple more times, before he too was thrown over the edge, coming hard inside the condom in Cas’ ass.
“Are you a Star Wars Fan?” He asked Dean curiously, surprised because he still didn’t picture the other man as liking anything remotely like that. Dean seemed like more of an action movie type of guy.
Dean grinned, licking a drop of syrup off of his lips seductively. "I've been waiting for you to ask.”
The kiss became heated and he felt the younger man groan into his mouth in pleasure. Cas’ cock was hard in his jeans, pushing painfully at his zipper. He reached his other hand up the younger man’s thigh until he felt the hard outline of Dean’s cock as well and he pushed his palm down, stroking it through the other man’s jeans. He had expected the moan that came out of the younger man’s lips. What he didn’t expect however, was for Dean to also freeze and push Cas away roughly, as he jumped off of the couch.
“Don’t be so melodramatic.” She rolled her eyes in annoyance. “I could clearly see how much he was hurt at you running out on him with no explanation. And he was really concerned that he did something to upset you. He deserves an explanation at the very least.” Charlie was right. Dean was an ass for making Cas think he did something wrong. “Plus, I really think after you explain what happened, he’d still be open to dating you.”
Dean stepped out and took Castiel’s hand, following him to his car.
“You never know…” She shrugged. Why did everyone keep saying that today? He didn't want to keep talking about Cas, so he changed the subject, and steered the conversation onto other topics as they ate their meals. The rest of the conversation was much better, and by the time they paid their checks, and went their separate ways, Dean’s thoughts were no longer on the gorgeous man.
“I’m probably gonna be so bad at this.” He warned before he licked a tentative stripe up the underside of the hard length.
Cas woke up the next morning and smiled when he saw Dean wrapped around him like an octopus. He loved waking up with his boyfriend in his arms. That still made him giddy to think of Dean as his boyfriend. He wasn't lying when he told Dean that he never dated before. His little sub was the first person who really understood him and didn't have a problem with his personality.
“Fuck, Dean…” Cas growled into his ear, sending a shiver of lust down his spine. “I’ve been thinking about you all day.”
Cas fucked his ass so good he barely could comprehend what was happening. And before long he felt the telltale signs that he was abut to cum.
“Y-yeah. God Cas!” Dean groaned as he rocked his hip down onto Cas’ lap. Cas leaned forward to capture Dean’s pebbled nipple between his teeth and gently bit down, making the other man whimper “Yes! Fuck!”
Now Castiel felt bad. He moved over so Dean would come on. " I'm sorry. I didn't need to leave you hanging.”  Castiel supplied, still confused.
Dean smiled at him and unfolded the menu. "What do you want, babe?" He asked Cas.
Cas chuckled. He pulled himself out from under Dean and went into the bathroom. He washed himself off quickly and brushed his teeth. Then went into the kitchen and began cooking Dean breakfast. Hopefully food would make Dean more amenable to what he was going to suggest. Fuck. He needed more. Cas set up candles on the table too and set up his music to romantic stuff. He put on Ed Sheeran "Perfect" as he waited for Dean to come out.
Dean just chuckled before he stood up and made his way to the bedroom, leaving Cas sitting on the couch waiting. Cas took a few deep breaths to try to get his heart rate under control. He had to be dreaming. He even pinched himself to check, but nope, this was real life; this was actually happening. After a few minutes, he heard the bedroom door and turned his head to look, and his jaw dropped at the sight he was met with. There stood Dean in a pair of satin pink panties. As he walked closer, Cas’s breath hitched at the mouthwatering sight of his straight best friend in such feminine clothing. They sat low on his trim hips and hugged his package perfectly. As Dean turned around, Cas could see how they framed his sexy ass perfectly too.
"In ten years, it won’t even make a difference." Dean waved a hand dismissively.
“So, uh… that night… God this is embarrassing.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck; a nervous tell that Cas was becoming quite familiar with now. “When you, uh…touched me, ya know, here.” He waved his hand around his groin area, a cute blush appearing on his freckled cheeks. “I-I kinda…” Dean whispered something that Cas couldn’t make out.
“I think I wanna try bottoming next.” Dean stated out of nowhere and Cas just shook his head.
“Yes. I-I’d love to come over for dinner Cas. I miss Bianca too.”
"Oh Dean. If you haven't experienced prep or aftercare, then you have been with shitty Doms." Cas was mad and sad for Dean at the same time. He resolved to make sure Dean experienced the best parts of a Dom/Sub relationship.
“Yeah, I know. But uh…fuck…I… I should probably start with the fact that I’m bi…” He waited with baited breath for his brother’s response to that admission. He felt both relief and dread from coming out to someone for the first time.
“Thank you so much Dean. What do I owe you?” Cas asked as he pulled his wallet out of his pocket.
"Oh, don't worry love. I plan on fucking you so hard you can’t sit for a week." Cas emphasized his point by immediately pulling out and thrusting back in hard and fast, not giving Dean any reprieve. He pushed Dean so he was lying flat and fucked him into the mattress as hard as he could.
“I hope my mom was okay. She didn’t scare you away yet, did she?” Dean asked, a nervous chuckle in his voice.
“You being a virgin is not a deal breaker for me Dean.” He assured him. “And now that I know, I wont push for anything you aren’t ready for. We can go at your pace. You just tell me what you are comfortable with. I wish I had known before that you have no experience so I knew not to push for anything other than kissing.”
“Uh, your friend-Charlie, she uh…she gave it to me last night.” Dean was going to kill her. He was going to get his dad’s shotgun, shoot her, and then chop her up into little tiny, itty bity pieces, before feeding her to the wild animals.
“Oh, Sweetheart. I love you too.” Cas said as he leaned down and kissed Dean gently before pulling back to gaze into his eyes. Dean felt raw and flayed open. He loved this man so much, and knowing he was loved in return had a tear breaking free to roll slowly down his cheek.
"You will be the death of me." Cas chuckled. "Did you enjoy what we did before though?" He asked. He was worried that maybe Dean didn't like it.
“It definitely is.” Dean agreed before resting his head back on Cas’ chest. They’d have to get up and shower soon, but for now? For now, he was content to just lie here, relaxed in the arms of the man he fell head over heel with for as long as they could. This was where he belonged.
“Who is he? What’s his name? What is he like?” He mom blabbered excitedly. His Dad just rolled his eyes.
“My, uh…my brother dragged me here. He is attempting to be my- um…what’s the word…. Oh, yes. he’s attempting to be my ‘wingman’” He air quoted in explanation.
“If you want to move past this, yes you should. Otherwise its going to eat away at you and that never ends well.”
Once they arrived, he led his daughter to the entrance where they waited in line and paid their entrance fee, which was really just a $20 donation to the early child education program. He was happy to pay the donation because he fully supported anyone who wanted to educate the youth. They were given wrist bands to enter once he paid and Bianca was jumping up and down excited the entire time. She had a huge smile on her face before they even reached the first activity. Castiel was again glad that he could put that smile on her face. He always worried that he couldn’t be enough for her as a single father. So, times like this definitely made him feel like a good father. It was days like this that made all of the struggles as a single parent worth it.
"Good then. I get to be your first." Castiel said as he leaned back down and started licking Dean. Little kitten licks to start with. Just letting Dean get used to it. Once he felt him relax a little more, he started gently probing his tongue into Dean's entrance. In and out until he felt the muscles loosen. Then he really started tongue fucking him.
The young lady, Charlie, leaned into their space and whispered to Bianca, “That guy in the tank is my best friend Dean. I really want you to dunk him. Do you think you can do that for me Bianca?” she asked.
“Dean, Dean, this is for you.” Bianca called from the side of the tank as she held out the baseball, she had used to dunk him. But when he took it from her, he realized it wasn’t actually a baseball, but rather just baseball shaped. It had a split around the middle and he opened the top before gasping; inside sat a beautiful platinum ring. He blinked a few times before looking back at Bianca.
"Fuck" he said before he could stop himself.
Cas stood in the middle of the living room, staring at all of the boxes surrounding him. The moving van had just left, and now he had the arduous task of unpacking all of his belongings, alone, because that’s what he was now; A newly single man, living all alone in this new house.
here.
Somehow, his alarm never went off in the morning, even though he clearly remembered making sure it was set before he fell asleep the night before. When he finally did wake up and roll over to look at the clock, he realized he had less than an hour before he was supposed to be at the school for his first class. He scrambled out of bed and rushed through one of the quickest showers of his life. He was thankful he had had the foresight to set out his clothes for the day last night; that was, until he went to put them on and realized it was a completely different outfit than he remembered setting out. None of the items matched, so he had to dig through his closet quickly to grab a new button-down shirt that actually did match the pants.
“You’re doing so good sweetheart. You’re taking my cock so well.” Cas praised as he rubbed soothing circles with his free hand on Dean’s lower back, holding his other hand tight in comfort. Dean felt him bottom out, hips touching Dean’s ass. “I’m all the way in now Dean. You took my whole cock.”
“Thanks! Catch ya later Cas!” she waved him goodbye.
“I’m so sorry Dean. My brother has absolutely no filter.” Cas apologized; annoyance clear in his voice.
according to
“Hello Dean” Cas replied, kissing Dean’s cheek and making him blush and Bianca giggle like she always did when Cas and Dean kissed.
“I will Gabriel. Goodnight.” He ended the call and put his phone back in his pocket.
Dean chuckled, "Never again will I complain about prep. You're huge. When blowjobs happen, I don’t know what I'll do." He shifted and sat up, their skin sticking together slightly.
Cas chuckled. “I'm honestly still not hungry. My stomach has been in knots for days now."
“Its fine Mom. Um… his name is Cas.”
"That's not it, Dean. I think maybe we just jumped the gun a little love." Cas tried to reassure Dean.
They ate their food and then he dropped her off before making his way home. He walked inside and said hello to his parents, who were watching a movie in the living room, before making his way up to his room. He was exhausted after the long day at the Carnival so he quickly got ready for bed and slipped under his sheets. He drifted to sleep with thoughts of blue eyes and full lips.
“Is this Dean? “The man asked. His voice sounded familiar, but it was always hard to tell through phones.
That was four months ago and now Cas could not decide what to get his boyfriend for the holiday. Maybe Sam would have a good idea. With that thought, he left his room and made his way to the library where he figured Sam was most likely to be. He was right, the younger Winchester was sitting at the table, reading through one of the large tomes. He looked up from his book and smiled when he saw Cas come into the room.
Well, guess he didn't buy it. "It’s nothing. It's just... I'm still having a hard time believing you really want me. That it wasn't just a one-time thing for sex. I still think I'm too old for someone as young and pretty as you." Cas admitted truthfully.
“Oh, is it a sexy surprise?” Cas wagged his eyebrows and Dean chuckled fondly at him.
“Hm…” Cas pretended to ponder that before shaking his head teasingly “Not a chance. Sooo….am I a DILF Dean?” He asked again, shit-eating grin on his face.
“That was just a blowjob Cas. I mean like
“Cas, we’ve been over this already. Its fine. There is nothing to apologize for.” He insisted again. “I really don’t mind having your daughter with us.”
Cas was breathing heavy and very glad Dean finally came. He was definitely
“Almost Papa!” She yelled back.
“Y-you want to use one of those sexual toys together in bed with me?” He squeaked.
"Yeah well I didn't expect to get my dick bit, but here we are." Cas joked as he got dressed and grabbed his wallet and his keys and headed towards the door.
"Because I talk too formal sometimes. Because I can’t always read people. And I usually suck at social interactions." Cas replied, a few tears leaking through.
“I love you so much Dean. Thank you for giving me your body like that. You did amazing, Love.” Cas praised him and Dean tucked his face into the older man’s neck, face flush from Cas’ words.
“I..uh…I just wanted to..you…know, apologize for before. I’m sorry for laughing at you dude. That wasn’t cool.” Dean apologized sincerely, a curious blush on his face.
“Don’t worry Cas. I know your daughter is the most important person in your life and that she will always come first.” He assured him. “I love kids, which is why I’m becoming a teacher first of all, and I’m fully aware that you are a package deal.”
“She’s adorable Cas.” Dean complimented, making Cas smile wider.
Thank you, my lovely readers for reading this chapter. Let me know what you think!
“It was so nice to meet you as well, Castiel” Sam smiled. “You should definitely come around more if you are going to continue seeing my brother.”
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and kissed his cheek. "So, what questions do you have my love?"
“Fuck yes! Your c-cock feels s-so good Cas.” He groaned into Cas’ mouth in between kisses.
“I like him Cassie. He seems really good for you.” His brother said sincerely, and the honesty in his voice threw Cas for a moment. It was rare his brother was ever serious about anything, always making a joke out of every situation. To hear his brother, speak so sincerely now made Cas’ heart fill with warmth.
“Will you marry my papa and be my other Daddy?” She asked, her smile wide. He felt a sob catch in his throat before his brain came back online. He quickly climbed out of the tank, slipping back in the water in his rush, before he managed to actually get out. He ran to where  Bianca was standing next to Cas. Cas who was still down on one knee. He reached his hand out for Dean and grabbed Dean’s shaking hand in his.
“Fuck, Cas…” Dean breathed out in what sounded like awe and Cas opened his eyes to look at his best friend. Dean seemed to be leaning closer, and Cas turned his head just in time as Dean ended up kissing the side of his face. “Fuck! Sorry Cas I forgot the no kissing thing.” Dean apologized and Cas felt his heart clench. He desperately wanted to feel Dean’s lips on his, but he knew he made the right decision.
"Good boy" Cas said as he ran his fingers through Dean's hair before he tightened his grip and pulled Dean's head back. "But I never told you to start. Are you supposed to do things without me permission?"
"Well it's better than me burning water." Cas huffed. He had no idea how to cook.
“I’m gonna cum.” He said to Cas,
“No! Geez…” He rubbed a hand over his face in frustration. “So, this whole time, for
"You're absolutely correct." Dean took his hand, smiling up at him, the lights reflecting in his eyes.
?” Cas was still doubtful.
“Yup, this is he.” He was curious who could be calling him.
“Yeah?” Dean smiled shyly, excitement beginning to bloom in his chest.
Dean growled in annoyance, his cock certainly must be purple from need at this point, and he pushed back against the fingers, circling his hips to try and get him to hit his prostate
not sure why." Cas muttered.
“Yo Cassie!” His brother answered in his typical jovial tone. “How is the moving going? You settle in all right?”
“Of course, my love.” He whispered gently and braced his hands on either side of Dean’s head, covering him with his warm body. Dean felt the first push of his cock break through his tight ring and he clenched his eyes tight. His arms reached up to wrap around his boyfriend’s neck, holding on tight as he felt himself being filled. Cas took his time working his cock inside of Dean, stopping every so often to let him adjust to the large girth inside of him. When he finally bottomed out, they both groaned at the feeling. Cas peppered Dean’s face with kisses, making sure to kiss away the few tears that had leaked out of the younger man’s eyes; Tears of love as well as pain as his ass had stretched. It had hurt, being filled with a cock for the first time, but Cas had stretched him well and the pain had been minimal; more a pinching burn than anything. There was also pleasure, at being filled for the first time and the sensitive nerves of his rim were alight with pleasure. It was overwhelming for Dean; accepting Cas inside him for the first time. He was embarrassed at the tears, but each time Cas kissed one away, he felt himself being soothed; his heart growing for the man inside him.
"Because I've been wanting to ask you to move in with me for weeks love." He shyly admitted.
Cas pulled Dean into a sweet kiss. "I don't mean to doubt you love. I'm just trying not to get my hopes up. I've been burned in the past. But I love you and I hope you stay with me always."
"Fuck. Mark me wherever you want. Make me yours." Cas was so lost in pleasure.
The kiss started off slow but quickly heated, both men groaning as they got lost in the moment. Cas could feel his cock harden in his pants but he didn’t want to push for more and have a repeat of last week. Dean seemed to have other ideas. Cas felt him reach a tentative hand up his thigh and Cas pulled back from his mouth. “Dean, we don’t have to do anything besides kissing.”
Cas was torn. On the one hand, it could be incredibly awkward doing this with his roommate, especially after the fact, knowing they seen each other's packages. On the other hand, though he’d have an excuse to check out Dean with less clothes; something he'd fantasize about countless times. Would he ever get another opportunity like this?
Dean: Hey it's Dean. I've decided. Want to go out?
“Hi Bianca. Dean told me you are in third grade this year. How do you like school?” Sam asked, which lead Bianca to start babbling all about her class and all of her friends, and soon the atmosphere lightened up as the adults smiled and chuckled at her theatrical storytelling.
“Well, uh…you see, there is something I should have probably told you about before.” He heard Dean take a deep breath. “I’m a virgin.”
“Remember when Bianca asked if we were boyfriends, and we said not yet?” Dean nodded in reply, hope blossoming in his chest at what he thought was coming next. “Well, I’d like to be able to tell her yes now.” Cas divulged; The butterflies in Dean going haywire.
"I’ll try Cas." Dean chuckled, "and for the last time, you are not old.” He said as he rolled his eyes.
“You have
“I’m guessing that’s why you named it Slice of Heaven Café?” Dean quirked a teasing eyebrow.
“You know, I’ve never actually been there, but I’ve heard they have really good food. And apparently their peach margaritas are amazing.” Dean offered in response.
Dean’s leg was shaking as he sat on the couch, waiting for the video call to go through. He felt his boyfriend place a comforting hand on his knee.
Dean rolled onto his back, sighing. "Why?"
“Hello Sam. I have a problem and I was wondering if you could possibly help me.” He explained ad he took the seat across from his friend.
Dean watched Mr. Novak-
He walked up the stairs to his bedroom and dressed in his pajamas before he slid under the covers, determined to get a good night sleep so he could start his first day at work off on a good foot.
"Yes, I would care, Cas. Because I'm a brat and I'm a sub and I like to be taken. What are you saying? Where is this coming from?" Dean asked, frowning.
! He has zero experience in this area and he’s scared he is going to fuck it up somehow.
He didn't have to wait long for a response.
“How does that feel Dean?”
"Love you too." Dean murmured, snuggling in. Cas smiled, ecstatic that Dean loved him too. He closed his eyes and held Dean close as he dozed off.
“You really didn’t write that?” He asked, still sounding unsure about whether Cas was telling the truth or not.
"No, it's something we needed to talk through." Dean sat and took his own breakfast, eating happily.
“Yes... Um… Yes, I'm Mr. Novak, Bianca's father. You can call me Cas though. My uh, my first name is Castiel. And you are Mr. Winchester?” He stuttered, face blushing as he did so.
“I’ve wanted to do that for a very long time.” Dean’s face broke out in smile when he realized he wasn’t alone in the feeling.
“Mhmm. You know what would make it better though?” Dean smirked.
“I need another condom.” Dean told him.
"I'm sure with some practice you could take me between those pretty lips of yours"
They ended the call with the normal pleasantries, and Dean immediately called his best friend.
“Why would you think I wouldn’t? I mean, I really wish you would stop taunting me by committing petty crimes. But why would you think I wouldn’t want you if you just came up to me and told me how you feel? And honestly, what do you feel? Am I just a game to you that you hope to win and move on from? Just fucking be honest for once.” Cas asked dejectedly.
, and for all we know, I’m probably not even close to his type. Dude probably likes fit, muscular guys who could bench press like, a thousand pounds or something. What would he want a twink like me for?” He challenged, self-deprecation clear in his voice, and his shoulders slumped in sorrow, before he felt a sharp sting on his bicep.
“Come on Deany, you can tawk to your wittwe brother.” Sam baby talked, annoying Dean even further. Sam then thought it was a good idea to repeatedly poke Dean in the side while chanting “Talk, talk, talk.” And Dean had finally had enough.
He smiled. Charlie was the best friend he could ever have. “Thanks Charlie.”
“Fuck, Dean! I-I'm so s-sorry.” He stammered, embarrassed at his careless actions. He reached down, about to put his cock away, when Dean grabbed his shirt in his fist and yanked Cas’ mouth back on his, capturing his lips in a heated kiss that sent heat straight to Cas’ cock. Dean’s tongue probed Cas’ lips, and he opened for the other man, tongues dancing together. They kissed until they had to breathe and Dean pulled back only to rest his forehead against Cas’.
"Yes, I'm done now you brat." Cas chuckled. " Now, I want you to go into my bedroom and strip. Get down on your knees, and wait patiently for me while I clean up from dinner."
“Hey Dean.”
“You as well Dean. I’m sure you will be greatly missed.”
Dean flipped him off and Bobby chuckled as they pulled into the restaurant’s parking lot. “Shut up bitch.” Dean grumbled. “ Cas is nervous about meeting you. I just want to look nice for him alright.” He blushed as he got out of the car and made his way into the restaurant. The waitress sat them down in a booth. He told her that Cas would be meeting them and she assured him that she would bring him over once he arrived. He sat on one side as Sam and Bobby sat on the other side.
“Oh… Okay.” Cas stated, obviously not having expected that from Dean.
“Oh, was he another student volunteer?”
“What? No way!” Cas exclaimed in disbelief at his friend. There was no way he heard him right.
“I swear I am not making any of this up Gabriel.” Cas grumbled, annoyed at having to explain himself again. “My belongings keep moving spots on me, and unless someone is sneaking into my house when I’m not looking, the only explanation is that this house is haunted.”
“Hurry up Bee! I don’t want to show up late!” Cas yelled up to his daughter who was taking her sweet time getting ready. He patted his pockets, making sure he had everything, before he took one last quick look in the mirror. He looked good, like a proper presentable boyfriend. He was so anxious about meeting Dean’s parents tonight, and he really hoped he would make a decent first impression on them.  Dean had warned him that his father had reservations about him dating an older man with a child; Cas understood where he was coming from, being a parent himself. He couldn’t really blame John for being overprotective; He’s sure he will be too once Bee gets older.
"I'm not hungry." Cas said dismissively as he left to go wait in his living room.
"I really wasn't trying to call you a liar or anything Love. I'm sorry if my tone came of as if I was. I was just not understanding why it would matter if your brother heard us. That's all." He begged Dean to understand.
“Sammy, I uh, I fucked up.”
“She’s adorable.”
“Well, you can come over here for dinner anytime Bianca. We’d love to have you.”
The two of them were sitting in bed together and Dean had just opened his present from Cas, a beautifully hand carved wooden impala replica, that was even stained dark to match Baby.
“God, what even is my life right now.” He muttered, sending Cas into another fit of giggles at his expense. It was a good thing he loved the freaking dork.
“Its awesome. I keep trying to get Dean to come back and LARP with me. He was such a great handmaiden.” She sighed wistfully. Cas chuckled. He couldn’t really picture Dean doing something like that; something so…
I'm a little nervous about meeting your family next week." He confessed.
“H-how? I thought you were just experimenting?” Cas asked, still confused. How could Dean be in love with him? Hadn’t he just been questioning his sexuality?
“Nope. I don’t have any grandma or grandpas, just Uncle Gabe. But if my papa and Dean gets married, you can be my grandma.” Bianca announced happily, making Cas choke on air, and sputter. He thought he’d nipped the marriage conversation in the bud already, but apparently Bianca would not be deterred.
” He pleaded and Cas finally looked up at him.
“Yeah. Um, so I was wondering, and you can absolutely say no.” He rushed to add. “But I was wondering if maybe, um, you could like, help me figure it out?” He asked unsurely. Cas was gaping like a fish at this point, eyes still wide in surprise before he cleared his throat.
"I wouldn't be averse to that." Cas replied. And then averted his eyes and blushed. He didn't mean to actually say that. As much as he'd love for Dean to move in, he didn't want to scare him away.
“I’m sorry if I ever gave you the impression that I wouldn’t accept this part of you son. You can date whoever makes you happy.” He looked up at the anguish in his father’s voice. He even saw John’s eyes mist over and he hugged his dad again.
“That was…nice.” He wanted to kick himself for such a lame description of what they had just shared, but
That night, Dean still couldn’t believe the whole exchange happened. He went through the bag the man Cas put his purchases in when all of a sudden, a piece of paper fell out. He lifted it and began to read.
. He had to stop with these thoughts before he popped a boner too early.
Holy Shit. Guess they were masturbating together. Cas followed suit and undid his pants before reaching inside and grasping his hard cock. He breathed a sigh of relief once he touched himself and let out a low moan as he began to stroke it. He must have been louder than he thought if the “fuck Cas” Dean let out was any indication. He opened his eyes that he hadn’t even realized were closed, and met Dean’s awed stare. He was caught in those green eyes that he had come to love so much, unable to look away, even as they both stroked themselves inside their pants. His cock was so hard, there was barely enough room to stroke it inside his boxer briefs, but he was too scared to pull it out, not wanting to push too far for his straight roommate. He needn’t have been concerned because not long after, Dean made the decision for him, pulling out his own hard cock. Cas’ mouth began to water at the sight. Dean had a beautiful dick; hard and long, the tip flushed a bright red, with a dot of pre-cum beading on the slit.
Cas just sighed as he followed his brother into the little bar they had arrived at. Bianca was having a sleepover with her friend Callie, who lived a couple of houses down from them. Gabe had decided that they should go out and take advantage of Cas’ childfree night. He had conveniently neglected to mention that they were going to a gay bar though. Apparently, Gabriel though he needed to ‘get laid’. Cas had really just wanted a quiet night in, relaxing with a glass of wine and a good book, but his brother wouldn’t hear it and dragged him out instead. Cas still doesn’t remember agreeing, but somehow, he found himself sitting at a high top in the corner of the room, as Gabe pointed out different guys he thought were perfect for Cas to hook up with.
“You tell them to be nice because its not good to be bad.” He lied through his teeth, not even remotely ready to be discussing the actual meaning of those lyrics with his eight-year-old daughter.
Sam, Dean, and Cas had been out at a bar, celebrating a successful hunt, when an attractive man had come up to Cas, asking if he could buy him a drink. Cas had known the man was trying to hit on him, but he played it up like he was confused and told the man he already had a drink so he didn’t need another one. Dean had always found his cluelessness amusing, so sometimes Cas purposely pretended he didn’t know what was going on, just to see the amused smile light up Dean’s freckled face. But Dean wasn’t smiling that time. In fact, he had looked rather pissed and stormed out of the booth and out of the bar. Cas had followed and caught up to Dean quickly once they were outside. When he confronted Dean as to what was wrong, Dean had blushed and stammered out an excuse before he said ‘fuck it’ and kissed Cas straight on the lips. Cas had frozen at first, shocked that Dean was kissing him, but he quickly got with the program and kissed back because
“Yes, it involves anal play. But probably not exactly what you are thinking right now.”
.” Dean agreed, interesting word choice considering what they were doing. His roommate didn’t sound to be too affected by it though, voice only slightly breathy.
"Look, it's not that big of a deal." Dean started to sound irritated.
"Because of this?" Dean asked, a frown on his face.
"I don’t think you make the orders." Dean sat up and slid off his body.
"Ok good...um..." Cas was so nervous. "Will you move in with me?" He asked quickly and kept his head down, afraid of the response.
“Sure, yeah, just um… just give me a couple of minutes to go um, freshen up.” Cas said as he stood up.
“Papa, can we go on the Ferris wheel now?” Bianca asked him.
Dean was no stranger to sucking cock but Cas was by far the biggest and longest he had ever tried to take, and he felt even his tongue pressed down as the thick cock filled his mouth. He didn’t move though, just sat with the tip in, no matter how much dean sucked, so he bit down gently with a glare.
-all week. After they had decided they were now in an actual, official, full-on relationship, he knew he finally had to grow a pair and come out to his parents. He still couldn’t believe he had an actual boyfriend now. It was one thing to date the man, but for Cas to want an actual relationship with him? Dean was still kind of in shock. It felt serious now. It would have been different if Cas was younger like Dean; the boyfriend label probably wouldn’t feel as significant. But Cas was a grown man with a child. He didn’t just jump in to a relationship without some serious consideration. He had made that extremely clear right from the beginning. So, now that they were actually official and the relationship was getting more serious, he knew it was time.
John was still distant though. He was civil to Cas, and never did or said anything outright that he didn’t like him, but Cas could tell that he was still leery about his son dating an older man. Cas couldn’t really blame him either so he just went out of his way to be nice to John, hoping he’d eventually earn his approval. Cas was thrown out of his thoughts by Mary nudging his shoulder.
Dean whimpered but obediently settled his hips back on the bed, trembling slightly.
Dean looked up from his laptop at the sound of the bunker door opening above him. Sam stepped through the door and onto the landing before making his way down the stairs carrying a bunch of shopping bags with him. Dean removed his feet from where they had been propped up on the war room table and stood up to greet his brother.
He was brought out of his reminiscing by his phone buzzing and he pulled it out to read the text he received.
“Fuck, Dean. You look so beautiful right now. Even with the ridiculous bow.” Cas’ voice was deep and gravely, and his eyes were dark with lust. Dean wiggled his ass, making the bow shake from side to side.
“He actually did it?!” She squealed excitedly, reminding Dean how Cas had gotten his number in the first place.
, for lack of a better term. Dean seemed more like the type of guy who was popular in school; probably a jock. Definitely much higher on the social ladder than Cas had ever been. His high school days had revolved around Math Club and robotics. He had been the quintessential nerd in High school.
Two chapters in one day!!! I had to make up for not posting in awhile.
Dean rushed through the alleyways, a huge grin on his face and laughter bubbling up as the officer chased him. He had been taunting this guy for months. It was about time he finally found him. But Castiel was so damn tired of chasing this delinquent. He had no idea why this little twink had latched on to him and apparently found it hilarious to taunt him. He was so done with this Cat and Mouse game.
"Good. I want you here with me all of the time. You are the best thing that has happened to me sweetheart." Cas said as he kissed Dean.
"Well I'm used to waking up early. A cop's day starts pretty early. I do have to be into work by 8 this morning love." Cas smiled.
“That, that makes me feel a lot better.” Dean whispered, smiling shyly.
“You know what to do with this right little lady?” She winked at Bianca who rolled her eyes.
Dean grunted, his orgasm painfully cut off, hips jerking. "Fuuuuuckkkk." He groaned, head flopping back down on the pillow.
Cas slapped Dean's ass hard and heard him gasp. "Don't get smart with me boy. Or I will add more slaps. And he spanked him hard once more. "Are you going to behave now boy?"
Dean was whimpering and whining, thrashing under Cas and crying out with each shove in, stretching him and hitting his most sensitive spot.
“My name’s Bianca but papa calls me Bee.” She smiled, rocking back and forth on her heels.
"I’m 35 sir." Cas answered as he sat up tall.
“Hello?”
Cas finished cooking and made a plate for each of them and they sat down to eat. Dean started eating faster than any human should, and Cas didn't know if it was because he was being impatient or if he just generally ate like that. Neither would surprise him.
“I…uh…well…we, um…” He stammered, looking up at the other man for help but seeing Dean’s shocked face was no better than his. “We…we are not boyfriends yet, Bee. We um, we have gone on a date though. So, I guess, I guess you can say we are dating?” He directed the statement as a question and saw Dean nod in agreement. He felt himself untense a bit that at least they seemed to be on the same page then.
“Do you have any idea what you do to me?” Cas growled in Deans ear as he grinded his hard cock against the other man’s ass. “How much you tease me, driving me crazy.”
Fuck it. He would just have to push through and get it over with. No sense wasting time worrying. He just needed to rip off the band aid. He gave himself a quick last-minute pep talk and made his way down the stairs and into the Livingroom where his parents were seated, watching the news. He stood in the entranceway, taking a few deep breaths to psych himself up, before his mom looked up and noticed him standing there.
Cas just sighed before he made himself a cup of coffee as he waited for his brother to finish his shower. He had just taken the last sip when he heard his brother’s loud voice again.
"I was expecting at least a kiss after our first date.” Dean said cheekily.
“I-I…want…. I want mouths.” He could barely get words out as Cas kept grinding against his hard dick.
***************
“Why? Were making good time Cas, I don’t want to take a detour.” The other man grumbled.
“Because its just so much fun. Besides, I can’t walk into a police station and just ask you out. Especially since I’m so much younger than you.” Dean stood on tiptoes. “Now, what are you going to do, Officer Novak” he leered.
“One of? There another elephant?” Dean asked confused.
"You're fucking kidding me?" Cas yelled, shocked.
That’s what led them to where they were now, sitting side-by-side on Dean's bed, cocks out and hard in hand, as they began to jerk off.
"I want to fuck your ass love. Do you want me to finger you open first, or just shove my cock in your ass?" He asked. He knew Dean loved it rough.
He was still so aroused he wasn't thinking clearly, and before he even knew what he was doing, he closed the distance between them and planted a kiss right on Deans lips. Dean froze in shock and that's when Cas realized his mistake. He quickly pulled back, blush on his face.
Dean chuckled self-consciously, "It was different."  He reached to uncuff Castiel and then
Cas scooted next to Dean and hit call as he held the phone up so they both could see. Charlie answered on the first ring.
“Oh, well I can see then why me walking you to the door and kissing you goodnight might not be a good idea then.”
“Papa, can we go to Wendy’s for dinner? You said if I had a good week in school we could. Please, please, please!” His daughter begged excitedly. He did promise her after all.
Dean smiled, blushing a soft pink. "I'm glad." He finally raised his gaze, looking at Castiel. He looked embarrassed but happy.
Dean smiled, wiggling a little. "I'll be as quick as I can, Cas. You know I want to be here too”
Dean whimpered softly and kissed back, tongue curling into Castiel’s mouth and groaning as he reached for Cas but couldn’t touch him.
Dean blinked at him a moment. "You’re serious? Cas, you're 35!” He exclaimed.
Cas felt Dean come and two thrusts later he came too in Dean's ass. "Fuck sweetheart. Yes." He said as he came. He rolled off Dean and laid down next to him, before pulling his boy down to snuggle on his chest.
Dean hugged back, smiling a little. "I miss when I'm not here too, Cas. I try to be here as much as I can.”
He slipped the smooth material up over his hips, the lace trim setting on his trim waist. He adjusted himself in the panties and sighed as the cool fabric cradled his balls. Next came the stockings, that which felt so soothing against his freshly shaven legs. Finally, a pair of 4-inch red stilettos completed the look. He slipped his feet into them, before walking to stand in front of the floor length mirror in his room. He stared at his reflection; The sexy lingerie on his body, and the eyeliner and lip gloss he had applied before he dressed, reflected back at him, sent a thrill up his spine.
Dinner went pretty well from there, Cas getting asked the normal questions he expected; what does he do for a living, where does he live, etc., and before long, they finished eating and made their way back to the living room to hang out for a bit. Cas was in the middle of talking to Sam about computers when he heard Mary address his daughter.
After the blowjob, Dean couldn’t get enough. It was like Cas was his drug and he was addicted to the other man; to his taste, to his smell, to his touch. Every time they were together, Dean wanted to ravish him and he was getting so damn frustrated at the no kissing rule. He desperately wanted to know if those lips felt as soft as they looked. If the man kissed even half as good as he sucked cock, then Dean wanted some of that. After Dean had blown him the other night, Cas had returned the favor once their dicks weren’t too sensitive anymore, and holy hell had it been fantastic. No one had ever sucked his cock that good. Cas sure as hell knew what he was doing and made Dean feel like he had died and gone to heaven. All he could think about was, if his mouth felt that good, his ass must feel even better and Dean wanted to sink into that tight heat as soon as possible. With that in mind, he grabbed a couple of condoms and the lube from his nightstand drawer and pocketed them before making his way to Cas’ room. He knocked and when he heard Cas yell to come in, he entered and shut the door behind him.
“I know Cas. I want to though.” He assured Cas, smiling shyly at the older man.
“Papa! Papa!” she yelled excitedly. “Look who's here! It's the man from the dunk take, Mr. Winchester.” Cas was confused for a second, before he looked up from his daughter's face, and that's when he saw him; The gorgeous, green-eyed twink that had captured his breath over the summer. He was so speechless from the surprise of seeing the young man again, that he just stared slack-jawed like an idiot before the man
"Well, to be totally honest, I haven't dated before." Cas said. He was very insecure about that fact too.
Cas kissed Dean back. "Thank you, Dean. I was worried you wouldn't want to come out with me." He confessed shyly.
Both men had also gotten much friendlier with each other over the last two months as well; first bonding over their shared love of Star Wars, and then delving into different topics they both enjoyed, such as baking. It was slow going though, since they only had about two minutes to talk every day at pick up, so their conversations were pretty superficial, not really getting into anything personal. But it was still nice to just be able to see the other man’s gorgeous face every afternoon. It gave him something to look forward to each day.
“Why would you be waiting on me to arrest your young man?” Novak asked, trying to retain some semblance of authority,
Dean yelped at the sting and settled down a little, grinding his teeth in impatience. "You're a slow ass prepper, master." He snipped
Cas finished eating. "It was very nice to meet you both." He said to Sam and Bobby.
“Oh, I know. Trust me. You have no
Dean shrugged, "With my family situation, I had to grow up fast." He ran fingers through Castiel’s messy hair.
“Fuck Dean… yes...” Cas moaned, as Dean sucked and licked his boyfriend’s cock, alternating between deep and shallow bobs of his head. He heard Cas’ breathing pick up and he tried to pull Dean’s head away. “Dean, I’m gonna cum.” He warned, but Dean didn’t stop. He was suddenly desperate to taste the man’s come, and he was incredibly thankful at Cas’ foresight to get them tested so they could do this. Cas tensed up and then ropes of hot, salty cum were filling Dean’s mouth. It wasn’t the best taste but just knowing it was Cas filling his mouth had him groaning in pleasure as he swallowed it down.
It was Saturday night and after a whole day of doing absolutely nothing, Dean somehow convinced him to drink with him again. Not that he really had to twist Cas’ arm too hard, seeing as he was also bored out of his mind. This pandemic had them both going stir-crazy at this point. At least during the week, they both had to work from home most of the day. Castiel worked as a tax accountant so it had been easy for him to work remotely since his work was all on computers anyway. Dean was an insurance claims rep, so his work was also fairly easy to do remotely, although he was on the phone all day with customers, unlike Cas who corresponded mostly through email. But at least they remained busy with work and both had a solid income coming in. They were some of the lucky ones.
“Who else told you that?”
Bianca danced to a few more songs, as the two men made idle chatter, until the oven timer went off. They made their way into the kitchen and Cas served them each a plate of food once they were all sitting around the table. They ate in mostly silence, enjoying the delicious meal Cas had made; Dean complimenting him on his cooking skills and Cas blushing at the praise. They were almost finished eating when Bianca piped in again.
“I’m in love with you! I’m in love with you and I’ve been in love with you for years and so I’ve been avoiding you because I didn’t know how to say it and I didn’t want to lose you and I just wanted to do this privately.” He babbled, unable to stop himself once he started. He was panting by the time he finished his tirade. Cas just stared at him, wide eyed before clearing his throat.
“Oh, um…okay, so maybe we could try it both ways? I mean, not yet ya know, I’m not ready for that yet. Kinda wanna work my way up to that.” Dean chuckled again.
“You’re not so bad yourself Dean.” Cas dropped the towel before kneeling on the bed and shuffling close to Dean.
“You can do it Dean.”
“What’s got your panties in a bunch?” She prodded when they had sat in their usual booth.
“Roll over for me Dean. I want to see your face to make sure I’m not hurting you.” Cas said softly, and Dean rolled over to look up at the man. “Spread your legs for me sweetheart.”
“Could we pretend I never said that last part out loud?” Dean pleaded, wishing he could erase the last two minutes of his life.
“So, Castiel… what are your intensions with my son?” He asked gruffly and Dean groaned beside him.
I would appreciate any comments you readers have though. And I totally welcome all constructive criticism. If you think I need to edit stuff or just have any kind of con-crit, I totally welcome it. And would appreciate it. I'm looking to become a better writer so any type of feedback is welcome. And thank you for reading.
Dean yelped as loudly as his fucked voice let him, skin turning red.
“The message on the mirror.” Gabe pointed and Cas turned his head, and his eyes widened when he saw it. There on the mirror, written in steam, where the words “I See You.”
of giving him the time of day?
“Thank you for being honest with me sweetheart. I like bottoming on occasion but I’ll try to remember you don’t like it in the future.” Cas replied. He was bummed Dean didn’t like it. But he was also touched that Dean tried just for him.
He slowly got up and made his way out to the kitchen where a pot of coffee was already sitting there brewed. Thank fuck that Cas usually woke up first. Dean fixed himself a cup before turning to make his way back to the safety of his room. Before he reached it, however, the bathroom door opened and Cas walked out, freezing when his eyes met Dean’s. They both stood there awkwardly, neither having a clue what to say apparently. Finally, Dean couldn’t stand the tension anymore.
“I would never make fun of you beloved. I must say, the sight of you in these clothes is very…arousing.” At those words, Dean looked down and noticed the bulge in his boyfriend’s pants. A jolt of arousal went straight to his own cock at the sight.
“That…that was amazing Dean. You sure that was your first-time sucking cock?” Cas teased, making Dean chuckle with him.
“Oh…” He heard his brother’s surprise through the phone line. The longer he waited for more of a response, the more he began to panic that maybe he had been wrong. Maybe his brother wasn’t okay with the fact that he also liked guys. Before he could send himself into an anxiety attack though, Sam spoke again.
Cas quickly dressed and left his house to go to the station. He was hoping his shift ended quickly because he just wanted to get back and take his cute boyfriend out on a date.
Dean made a face. "Expensive and unhealthy." He turned to kiss him and shut the refrigerator.
By this point, Bianca had started tugging on Cas’ sleeve, clearly not caring that her father was having a
“I don’t wanna talk about it.” He whined petulantly, not caring if he sounded like a child right now. He was sad,
“Not exactly. He uh, he was there with his daughter.” He admitted, holding his breath for their reaction to that little bomb.
“What are you trying to get?”
“Don’t let him get away.” Gabe patted his back before walking back behind the counter, leaving Cas to stand there and think about his brother’s words. He vowed to make sure he did everything in his power to keep Dean in his life.
“Oh man I hope I get this.” Dean said suddenly, causing Cas some confusion as they were currently on the phone and had been discussing the latest episode of their favorite series, so he was unsure of what Dean was referring to.
"Ok good. That's good." Cas replied distractedly.
“Hey Cas, Hey Dean!”
“I can’t wait to make you dirty those panties.” Cas growled in his ear as he thrust his body against Dean’s; their hard cocks grinding together in delicious friction. “They feel so good rubbing against my cock.”
They exited the car and made their way inside the house, where Cas hung up their coats.
Its his first date, so obviously he’s excited to finally be going out on a date with another guy, especially since he is 22, and most people his age have been dating for years at this point. But its also his
Dean's brow crinkled, "Um, what? I asked when you went in." Dean said confused.
Dean gasped, whimpering at just the touch and the surprise of the tongue. "What are you doing? Fuck..." he pushed back into that wonderful feeling.
“Why do you think you being younger would be a problem?" Cas asked confused.
“I want to.” Dean’s voice was heavy with arousal, and it sent a jolt of arousal straight to the older man’s cock.
“I guess I’m outnumbered here.” He grumbled as his daughter yelled for Alexa to play Taylor Swift. He turned to look at Dean. “You were supposed to be on my side.” He whined.
“Bianca!” He hissed quietly at her.
“Um, I uh…I’m…” He started shaking, but Cas grabbed his hand and he began to relax. He could do this. “I’m bisexual. And um…Cas is my boyfriend now. We uh, we just started dating.” There. It was out there now. He watched the screen for his parent’s reaction, and all he could see was confusion on their faces. He had kind of expected that though. Not every day your grown son comes out.
Cas loved how animalistic Dean got. He put his thumb in too and pushed into Dean's ass as hard as he could, till his whole hand slipped in and Dean's hole closed around his wrist.
“Oh, fuck yes Cas! Fuck me with that gun baby!” He heard Dean’s voice shout. “God yes! Right there, Angel!
Dean pressed kisses to castiels bruises and hickies. "What's wrong?” He asked.
“Gotcha. Come on, I think I know the perfect tree.” Dean beckoned Cas to follow him as he walked back towards the front of the lot. Cas walked behind him, following him towards a part of the tree lot that was slightly hidden and he had not seen when he first came in. They chatted a little as they walked, Cas explaining how he was a single father, but not going into any details. They finally came to a stop in front of the most perfect tree. It was four feet tall with full branches, but also on the thinner side which would fit perfectly in the corner of his living room.
He was still so confused about the vibrators though. That didn’t seem like something Dean would normally ask of him. They were best friends, sure, but they didn’t talk about sex much; at least not anymore after Dean realized it made Castiel uncomfortable. Luckily Dean had no idea why it made Cas feel that way. He probably just thought it was another one of his weird quirks. The truth though, was that he’d been harboring a crush on the other man for 5 years now, and the thought of Dean having sex with anyone else made his stomach turn. He’d take that secret to the grave though. He knew Dean would never return his affections.
"You're right I did promise that. But are you really hungry for breakfast? Or maybe hungry for something else" Cas leered.
Eventually the party died down and most of the guests had cleared. Dean was finally able to make his way over to Cas, and he plopped himself down in a chair and sighed.
Dean obeyed for the most part, but left on his silk panties instead of naked just as a tease, head dipped and wrists crossed behind his back. He grinned, wiggling a little with anticipation
“Heya Cas.” He held back a giggle. “So, uh…I got the good vibes you sent.” He bit his lip to contain a laugh.
Cas kissed him back. "Thank you. When are you free to come over again?" He asked.
Dean stood on the porch and knocked on the front door. Cas had invited him over for a movie night date. Bianca was sleeping at a friend’s house, so they had the whole house to themselves and Dean was nervous. This would be the first time he had been over the older man’s house without his daughter there as a buffer. The most they had done so far was quick hand jobs when she went to sleep, but now that they didn’t have to worry about being interrupted, the possibility of going further was all Dean could think about.
Dean’s stomach had been in knots all day-
“Well, I am, 100 percent so.” Cas shrugged. He was used to people who knew he had a daughter, assuming he was straight. It didn’t really surprise him that Dean apparently had been under that false impression as well. “What are you doing here?” He asked curiously, hope beginning to bloom in his chest knowing that the younger man was most likely gay as well. Something he hadn’t considered before tonight. He had been positive that Dean couldn’t possibly swing his way.
“Well, its weird to see you out of school too Missy.” He stuck his tongue out at her childishly, making her giggle. It tugged at Castiel’s heart to see Dean interacting so playfully with his daughter. Before his thoughts could run away from him and start imagining an entire sappy future with the three of them together, he cleared his throat.
Dean laid his head back into Castiel’s lap and looked up at him. "My limits are scat and illegal shit. My expectation is to be used like the brat I am. I don’t have any limits. I want to be pushed, forced. Is that what you needed?" Dean snapped back at him.
“What?” He asked distractedly.
“Good idea.” Dean agreed. “Hey, why don’t you FaceTime her and we can tell her the good news together.” He suggested.
"Yes Dean. Why don't you tell your brother how we met?" No way was Cas going to be the one to tell this. That would be totally up to Dean to share.
“Ugh, I’m going to kill her.” He muttered quietly, making the other man chuckle.
“Something like that.” He winked as he got up and made him way into the bedroom, shutting the door behind him.
"That's what every person I've ever slept with has said. Apparently, I talk and act weird." Cas replied bitterly.
It had been five days since Dean had run out of his house and Cas was miserable. He had given up leaving messages since the younger man never returned them. At this point, Cas was pretty positive that things were finished between the two of them, as far as dating was concerned. Dean obviously didn’t want to speak to him and Cas would have to accept that. But he was concerned. He just wanted to talk to Dean one more time, at least to make sure he was okay. Something had bothered him that night, or he wouldn’t have fled like that. He wanted to at least apologize for whatever he did that made Dean upset. He could accept that they wouldn’t go on any more dates-as much as that pained him- but he just wanted to make sure the other man was ok.
“Yeah...heh…I’m gonna be super busy now though. Ya know, with the class planning and stuff. We might not get to see each other as often. That’s gonna suck.” Dean lamented. Cas reached into his pocket and clasped his fingers around the item he had hidden there.
“She’s doing well. I’m actually on my way to go pick her up from school.” He told her. “I’m really hoping she had a good day. I always worry.” He confessed.
As Dean pulled away from the curb after fleeing from Cas’ house in a panic, his emotions were all over the place. Panic, fear, mortification, disappointment; you name it, he was feeling it. Things had been going so well too, he thought bitterly, before everything came crashing down because of his own inexperience. The kiss had been good, great even. And the bit of making out on the couch had been awesome at first, until Dean had to go and ruin it all. The second Cas touched Dean’s dick through his jeans, he had come in his underwear like the virgin he was.  He did the only thing he could, and fled before Cas could realize what happened. It was bad enough that Dean knew what a loser he really was; he didn’t need Cas knowing it too.
Castiel:  I wasn't sure you would actually message me back. But I'm very glad. I'd love to go out with you, as long as you promise to be a good boy."
They go on their date.
“Did you think we wouldn’t accept you?” His father asked, sounding hurt, and Dean felt guilty for making him sound that way.
“A little sore. But good Cas. That was…fuck, that was good.” And it really was. Even though there had been some pain, the pleasure had far outweighed it and he knew the more they did it, the easier it would be each time. “I definitely want to do that again once my ass has a break.”
“You’re an idiot.” He blurted out, making Dean groan.
"Um...I uh... Didn't mean to. I told you I'm awkward Dean." He said defensively.
“I’m, uh n-not sure.” He stammered, mind still racing at what just happened. “I think my options just opened up though.”
Dean screamed a hoarse cry, tears running down his cheeks. That was just how he loved it, the fullness and the pushing in when his hole was still too small for it. His hole clenched around Castiel’s wrists and his insides were hot and slid around him.
embarrassed myself, lets talk about something else.” Dean suggested. “So, if you were 22 when Bianca was born, that’d make you what, 30 now?” He pondered out loud.
"Lay on the bed on your stomach. Now." Cas ordered as he pulled Dean off his lap and got up to grab supplies from beside his bed.
“Y-yeah. That.” Dean chuckled awkwardly.
"Good boy." Castiel said as he made his way over to the bed and sat down. "I want you over my knee right now. There is still the matter of your punishment to deal with."
“You start work tomorrow right? Make sure you get a decent night sleep little bro.”
"How old is Sam?” Cas asked.
“Relax sweetheart. I promise this will feel good.” He massaged the ass cheeks in his hand until he could feel the tension begin to leave Dean’s body. That’s when he leaned down and licked a stripe from his boyfriend’s balls, up across his hole.
"He was experienced and good with a whip." Dean shrugged.
“Hm…same. Soooo…. boyfriend's?” He asked Cas, a hopeful smile on his freckled face.
*************************************
They corral Bianca from Mary and say their goodbyes before piling in the car. Cas made the quick drive over to Gabe’s house where he kissed his daughter goodbye, and then its just the two of them in the car. The silence is heated, both of then knowing where the night is about to lead.
“Oh man, it’s awesome! It stands for Live-Action-Role-Playing. Soooooo much fun. We dress up as our characters and act out the story. I’m queen of Moondoor!” She explained, voice clearly excited as she babbled about it. Cas was still unsure what exactly it was but it seemed to be something she enjoyed.
Bobby was just staring dumbfounded, not knowing what to do. He definitely did not expect to see this man his boy was dating cry. He just sat there staring until Cas calmed down.
"Yes, you are, and I like that about you." Dean kissed his cheek. "I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”
“Yes, you there in the back, what’s your name and question?” He asked the young woman.
Cas climbed between Dean's legs and guided his cock to his entrance. He pushed and felt the head of his cock breach Dean's tight hole.
“Its really not a problem Dean.” He assured again as he sat back down and patted the seat next to him which Dean quickly occupied. Cas put his arm around the younger man’s shoulders as he kissed the side of his head. “Would you like to watch a movie?” He asked, not wanting their night to end quite yet.
“Did you think I’d say no?” Dean said teasingly, trying to lighten the heaviness he was feeling in his chest.
"Oh, ill shut you up all right little boy. Get on your knees for me. Might as well start practicing." Cas said.
“Yeah I’m an idiot.” Dean agreed. “So, what should I do now?”
"Does the why matter? Would you care if personally I liked to bottom?"
They both grabbed their coats and walked out of the classroom, switching the lights off behind them as they left, before they made their way to their cars. They wished each other a nice night and Dean climbed in Baby before pulling his cell phone out. He scrolled through his contacts till he got to Charlie's name and opened their chat to send her a text.
“It can, sure. But if you have a caring partner it shouldn’t be too bad. The first time is definitely more likely to be painful. But if we do it, I’d make sure to stretch you out properly first so you’d feel as little discomfort as possible.” Cas told him; sincerity clear in his voice. Just the thought of Cas stretching him out had him flushing and his spent cock tried to twitch in response.
"Are you ok with light bondage and blindfolds love?" Castiel asked Dean.
“Good morning Class. My name is Mr. Novak and I will be your English Teacher for the rest of this year. Before we begin, do you have any questions for me?” He addressed the class as a whole once the first bell rang to signal the start of class. A student in the back raised their hand and he called on them.
Cas kept sucking Dean's cock. But he stopped for a second "Dean you better tell me when you are close." He said sternly.
"Cas, I'm here more than anywhere else. Of course, I want to be here officially."
“I think the players gonna play, play, play, play, play. And the
“Nice to meet you.” John said, his unsmiling face making sweat bead down the back of Cas’ neck. Dean had not been lying when he said his Dad could be intimidating.
“Eh, what can you do man? Kids will be kids.” Dean shrugged. “I’ve had a good night so far.”
“Yes, really. A lot of gay men don’t even like anal. It’s actually way more common than society makes it seem. The porn industry really is to blame in my opinion. The whole industry puts unrealistic expectations and thoughts into people’s head about what gay sex is really like. In reality, blowjobs and frottage and things like that are way more common for gay men to engage in with their partners. Anal is not the be all, end all of sex. Don’t get me wrong, it is definitely something I enjoy, but it’s a personal preference.” Cas finished his whole speech, leaving Dean gaping like a fish before he was finally able to reply.
"Ok You are right I should tell you how I am feeling. Dean, I told you I've never dated. And honestly, I’m still somewhat shocked that we are currently in a relationship because I never thought the young man, I was trying to arrest over a month ago would end up my boyfriend. And um...well... I've
“That makes me very happy.” Cas whispered back; the gummy smile on his face replacing the uncertainty that was there before. That smile made Dean lo-
“I do. I care about your son a lot. And I understand your concerns, but just know, I’d never do anything to hurt him.” He promised the man.
“I know. Its one of the reasons you love me though.” Cas batted his eyelashes.
“Best. Present. Ever.” Cas rasped through heavy breaths and Dean chuckled into his chest.
"Fuck yes. I'm your slut, your whore to use and abuse." Dean whimpered, fingers digging into the sheets.
“Same man. I still can’t believe you’re gay too. I uh, I really thought you were straight, cuz of Bianca and all…” He trailed off, not knowing if he should ask how she came to be. Luckily, Cas took the decision out of his hands.
He listened to the sarcasm being flung back and forth between the two and before long they were both laughing together. Gabe had the waitress bring over coffee for them and they drank while they talked. Somehow the conversation turned to the most ridiculous gay one-liners they had ever heard.
“What?” He quipped with a shrug. “It’s what’s next on my list.”
“Oh, don’t give me that crap Dean. I saw the way you looked at him. And you were so distracted you almost drowned.” She said pointedly. “Plus, he’s exactly your type.” She added.
“Don’t worry about it Cas.” Dean waved his hand dismissively. “The tree is on me.”
“Thank God it’s Friday, right?” The other man chuckled and Cas nodded in agreement as their gaze locked on one another; Green eyes drawing him in. He almost forgot where he was for a minute, until he overheard one of the kids in the lobby near him misquoting one of his favorite movies.
He climbed out of the passenger seat and shut the car door behind him, before making his way up his front steps. He turned to look at Cas and gave a small wave as the other man drove off. He pulled his keys out of his pant’s pocket and unlocked his front door, making sure he was quiet as he let himself in and locked up behind him.
Dean grumbled as Cas shifted, blinking sleepily and clutching tighter. "What's time is it?" Dean mumbled into Castiel’s skin; he had work mid-morning.
“Alright, well this has been fun and all, but we’re gonna go now. I’ll talk to you guys later.” They said goodbye and he ended the call. He turned to look at Cas who was still laughing beside him, wiping the tears out of his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, laugh it up Chuckles.” He scoffed.
Dean grinded his teeth for a second before walking back inside the house quietly, picking up a paper towel and wiping the egg off the floor.
"Toy, a fucking cucumber, I don’t care." Dean chuckled, "a Toy might be bigger than you anyway.: He laughed.
“I don’t know how you two do it, being gay. Life without women would be a pain in the ass, literally.”
"I want the ring gag sir. I want my mouth held open while you come into my stomach, so far down I don’t even swallow." Dean smirked, "besides, we agreed teeth were bad, right?” He said with a wink.
“Oh, are…are you not going to be teaching anymore?” Cas tilted his head in confusion, looking way more adorable than a man his age should be able to.
"Well, the bigger question is, would you want that? I wanted it to be my gift to you but not unless you actually want it. I know you like being submissive, but I figured maybe you would like being in charge once for a change." He whispered shyly.
“Fuck… okay.” Dean let out breathlessly before complying, laying his head on the pillow and giving Cas a perfect view of his spectacular ass. Cas reached out and ran his hands up Dean’s legs and then gently caressed said ass, causing Dean to whimper quietly. Well, that was interesting. Cas repositioned himself and settled between Dean’s legs, spreading them to each side. He gripped both cheeks in his hand and spread them, exposing Dean’s virgin hole to the air. He could hear Dean’s breath speed up with what he assumed was nerves.
"That is the idea, yes." Dean smirked, bending to bite his thigh. He was glad that Cas was enjoying himself.
“What the fuck…?” He questioned out loud to himself as he pulled them out of the box. They were actually pretty nice toys too, much better than the ones he currently had in his nightstand. But he knew he didn’t order them. He reached around inside the box, hoping to find a clue as to why they were sent to him, and he found a little white card that he pulled out to read.
Cas gripped his left hand in Dean's hair and held him down as he fucked into Dean harder and faster. Dean grunted into the bed, moaning and spread wide for Cas. He could feel him so deep; he was about to come just from the feeling.
“Relax, sweetheart. This part should feel good.” Dean tried to follow Cas’ command, taking a deep breath and letting his muscles go lax. He wasn’t expecting the wet tongue that was then pressed against his hole. He yelped and felt his whole body jump in surprise, and he heard Cas chuckle behind him.
“Fuck!” He yelled. “Was that my fucking prostate?” He wondered aloud, and he heard Cas chuckle behind him.
“Oh, so that’s why you pushed me away the other day! Because you kissed me.” Dean snapped his fingers in realization.
, you thought the two of us were a couple?”
episode, especially since there is only five episodes left. They really should have-should have done more.” Cas managed to reply, breath heavy as he stroked his own cock. They had only just started and already he was turning into a mess, just knowing his roommate had his cock out right beside him.
“Well, it’s good to know you feel so strongly about my son.” He remarked, and Cas thought he almost seems impressed.
"Neither have I. But I do love you Dean. And I never thought I'd find someone to not only love me, but be compatible in bed as well. Most people see me as awkward. So, it's never been easy to find someone who wants me as a Dom or takes me seriously as one." Cas says sadly.
Cas grabbed Dean's arm and spun him around to face the wall as he crowded him against his back. "Is that a challenge boy?" He asked as he dropped his voice lower.
"Yes Sir." Cas replied.
“F-fuck me…please.” He managed to get out. It’s what he had been hoping for for years anyway
"Safe word impala, color green." Dean told him breathlessly, green eyes wide and glazed over with lust. He swallowed hard, looking into Castiels equally lustful blue eyes.
“Say something Cas,
“Oh, Come on! You just found out the dude you’ve been pining over is gay too! Aren’t you happy? Excited? Over the moon?” She ribbed. “You should have a smile on your face right now!”
“Okay, so…does it hurt? You know being the receiver?” Dean asked, blushing through the question.
"I could be. How rich are you?" Dean shot back, biting back a laugh and trying to look serious.
When Cas had dared him to watch a gay porn with him, he wanted to scream for joy. He had been shocked of course, but excited at the prospect of doing anything remotely sexual with him, baby steps and all that. Seeing Cas jerking himself off and coming had been the hottest thing he’d ever seen. He desperately wanted more to.
He didn’t intend for it to happen, but he ended up becoming really attached to Bianca, and it honestly had nothing to do with who her father was either. The girl was smart as a whip and funny as hell too. There were a number of times where Dean had to turn his head to hide his laugh at some of the things that came out of her mouth.
"Sure. No promises for responsibility if I crash." Dean slid in the driver's seat and turned on the quiet engine, wrinkling his nose.
“About you crushing on a Dad? No, its pretty funny though.” His brother snickered.
"Fuck yes." Cas let out once he felt Dean's fingers at his hole. It had been years since he bottomed. But he wanted it. He wanted it so bad.  Dean slowly pressed one in, stroking his thigh with his other hand.
Dean walked out of the bar with Charlie, mind still reeling about the fact that Cas was actually gay, before Charlie stopped and told him she forgot her phone at the bar. She ran back in to get it while he waited outside for her. She was only gone a few minutes before she came back out, and they walked the mile back to their street. He was quiet, lost in his thoughts when Charlie nudged his side.
Cas smiled. "That makes me happy sweetheart. How soon can you move in with me?"
Dean sighed, sitting up. "What’s the matter Cas? I can tell something is still wrong.”
"Not like you do." Dean mumbled, stuffing another bite of pancake in his mouth.
"I was worried you wouldn't want to move in with me though. I love you. But I know I'm much older than you. So, I uh...kind of worry sometimes" he blushed.
"We can watch a movie in my bed if you'd like. Pick out anything on my shelf. I’m just going to use the facilities" Cas said as he made his way to the bathroom.
Cas threw his head back and laughed. "You really are adorable." He said fondly as he began making dinner. He put the burgers in a pan to cook and got a soda out for both of them and handed one to Dean.
“What?!” He squawked indignantly, as Cas lost it beside him, throwing his head back and laughing. “ What do you mean you thought we were dating?!” He yelled. This whole conversation was getting away from him.
Castiel smiled despite himself. He didn't dare dream that Dean would ever seriously want him. But deep down he hoped.
He went to his bedroom to get dressed before returning downstairs to the kitchen to grab dinner. He opened the fridge to grab his leftovers from last night so he could heat them up, but when he looked inside, they weren’t there. Huh? He knew he put them there last night, and since he forgot to bring them to work today in his frantic rush to get there on time, they should still be in the fridge. But it was empty. He even checked in the freezer but no dice. He decided to check the garbage, and sure enough, the empty Thai food containers were in there.
Fuck. Dean was Castiel's perfect sub. He seemed to take to it like he was meant for him. If only Dean had approached him sooner, they could have been doing much more. Castiel got ready in a tight pair of black jeans that he knew showed off his ass. And he threw on his AC/DC shirt that he knew made his biceps and pecks look huge. He grabbed his wallet and keys and left the house. He drove to the roadhouse, hoping Dean was honest and would meet him there. The waitress showed him to a booth in the back where he waited for his date.
"Have you decided what you want Dean?" Cas asked while silently hoping Dean wanted to take charge just this one time.
" Of course, Dean. I want you always to be honest with me about what you like and don't like. Its ok to not like something I do, Love." Cas replied honestly. "Is there anything else about what we just did that you didn't like?"
He was just placing the meatloaf into the oven when he heard the doorbell ring.
, directly under mistletoe. Fuck.
“I feel the same way.” Cas smiled shyly, before he cleared his throat, looking a little nervous to Dean. “I was wondering…. we’ve been dating for two months now, right?”
He had glanced at the clock all day, willing it to move faster so that he could pick Bianca up and ask her about her day. Then, maybe he could finally relax and make headway on this website. Luckily, the client wanted something easy and simple, so it shouldn’t take long, once he could really put his head to it. He sighed as he glanced back up at the clock, noting he still had an hour before he had to pick his daughter up. Deciding he may as well stop pretending to work on his project, he collected his wallet and keys, and made his was out to his car. He drove down to main street and decided to stop at the 7-Eleven to grab a cup of coffee and a doughnut to eat in his car while he counted down the minutes until three o’clock.
“Come here.” Cas growled as he reached for his friend’s hand to tug him closer, making him fall to straddle Cas’ lap. Dean’s hands went to Cas’ shoulders to steady himself and Cas grabbed the other man’s hips, caressing them. “Fuck Dean, you look stunning.”
“Sure. Yeah.” Cas nodded before moving to sit on his bed, leaving enough room for Dean, who sat down facing him. He grabbed Cas’ hand in his and rubbed his wrist with his thumb.
Cas pushed Dean's legs up to his chest and buried his face even deeper in Dean. The sounds that his boy was making spurred him on. Cas ate him out with fervor.
Cas finished in the kitchen and made his way to the bedroom. He was very pleased to see Dean in the exact position he wanted.
Cas smirked. And doubled his efforts. He pushed his tongue inside Dean as far as it would go and slapped his ass hard. Dean moaned as he spilled himself onto the bed, body trembling as he struggled not to fall. Cas got up on his knees behind Dean. He unzipped his pants and took out his cock. He spit in his hand and got it wet before he plunged it deep inside Dean in one thrust. He knew how much Dean loved the stretch.
Cas' ass jumped from the bed. "Fuck Dean, yes!" He yelled.
. He hadn’t meant to tell them about Cas yet. He was trying to do this one thing at a time. Guess the cat was out of the bag now. He sat back up straight and rubbed a nervous hand over the back of his neck.
“Well as much as I’d like to believe you, ghosts aren’t real.” Gabe gave him a look that clearly said he thought Cas was either dumb or crazy, before he walked down the hall and dropped his duffle bag off in the spare room he’d be staying in, and then made his way back to the living room.
“Good to know.” Cas smirked. “I’m up for almost anything. Are you okay with me fucking you? If not, I’m perfectly okay with us jerking or sucking each other off.” Dean immediately felt more relaxed. He felt so inexperienced with any guy-on-guy action. And of course, he was lucky enough to find one who wouldn’t pressure him. Of course, though, that made him want to go even further,
Dean was moaning even minutes in and by the time Cas had his tongue pressed inside him he was clawing at the sheets to stay still, messing up the bed and whimpering. "Master, gonna come." He gasped.
"I know. That's okay, Cas. Being a Dom doesn’t need to carry into everything about your personality. I like my dorky, shy boyfriend too." Dean kissed his cheek.
"Oh, fuck yes please." Dean gasped, hole fluttering under his gaze and propping himself up a little to see Castiel’s face.
"I am touching you Dean" Cas smirked as he ran his hands up Dean's thighs and up to his narrow waist.
“You too Cas. See you on Monday.” Dean smiled back as Cas turned to make his way out of the building.
it? He couldn’t wrap his mind around it. In fact, a few turns later it was still all he could think about. When Dean chose dare, he didn’t even think before he blurted out:
“Ugh, Dude, just kiss me already.” Dean grumbled making Cas chuckle fondly.
!  Cas; the man Dean had pined over for 7 months now, ever since July and that Carnival. He was going on a date with the man of his dreams-
Cas turned him around and pulled Dean against him, Dean's back to his chest. "Well the height difference does make you fit perfectly against me"
Castiel’s own face lit up in recognition, realizing now, exactly why she looked familiar. She was the young woman from the carnival dunk tank booth who had conspired with his daughter to dunk that young man.
. Its
“Sex questions usually are.” He agreed.
“Yes…if that’s something you want Dean. I’d um…I’d love for us to live together.” He barely got the words out before Dean leaped out of his chair and almost into Cas’ lap and attacked Cas’ face with kisses.
“I’m assuming it was to prank either you or I because he told me you had been asking for this gun. I’m pretty sure he thinks I’m still clueless when it comes to this type of thing.” Cas chuckled.
“But I didn’t get you anything Dean.” His boyfriend pouted, adorably.
Dean had just gotten home from work and stopped at the front desk of his apartment building to grab his mail. He was handed a package along with a few envelopes. He walked up the stairs to his apartment confused since he didn’t remember ordering anything recently. He threw his keys on the kitchen table along with the mail, before grabbing a kitchen knife to open the package. He cut through the tape and opened the flaps of the cardboard box, and before looking inside to see what it was. He froze in shock when he realized what he was looking at, not really believing what he was seeing; Three vibrators were staring back at him.
“Fuck Dean.” Cas heaved, gravely voice sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
Cas walked out of the bedroom and found Dean in the kitchen. He walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist and kissed his cheek. "Sorry Love. Don't worry about it. I won't bring it up again." He said. He was disappointed but he wasn't going to let it show. He really did love Dean and if Dean couldn't give him this tiny thing, he would just try to forget about it. He didn't want to lose his boy.
"Nothing Dean. I'm fine." Cas lied.
"Yeah, I'm good for tomorrow, but I want to set up dinner with my family next week." Dean paused, then smirked, "So you're working on actual valentine's day?”
“Sorry, you just surprised me. I had no idea Dean. But uh…thanks, you know, for telling me. I know how hard it can be to come out.” Dean felt his body untense as relief washed over him.
“Well…am I?” Cas quirked an teasing eyebrow in question.
"Fuck yes." Cas breathed out.
“Ok fuck this Cassie. I believe you, but I’m getting the hell out of here.” Gabe scrambled off of the couch, before grabbing his stuff from the bedroom and hightailing it out of the house. As soon as the door shut behind him, the lights stopped flickering and Cas sat there, trying to figure out what the hell he was going to do about this. His lease wouldn’t be up for another five months but
Dean chuckled, grinding back against Cas. "Do you think it is sir?" He used the term sir very sarcastically.
Over the last four months, Cas and Mary had become very friendly. Once she had realized that Cas’ own mother had disowned him, she made it her mission to treat him like a son, and invited him and Bee over for dinner at least once a week. She had told him that it broke her heart that Bianca never got to experience having a grandma to love her, so she went out of her way to spoil his little girl. Bianca, of course, ate up all the attention she was now getting, and Cas had never seen her so happy. He felt so lucky that Dean had come into his life.
“What do you want?” He heard come from those chapped, pillowy lips.
"Yeah but his balls must have been so fucking saggy. Ugh I couldn't do it. Ew." Cas grimaced.
"Yep. But not like I wanted you. You took my breath away." Dean sighed happily, remembering.
“With Dean. What did you do? He’s been brooding miserably for the last few days and he won’t talk to me. I figured it had to be something you did since he started acting like this right after your little date last Wednesday. So, I ask again, what did you do?” She crossed her arms over her chest and stared him down, waiting for an answer.
Cas laughed quietly “That depends. And this is another thing that never gets talked about either and why porn and writing are sometimes incredibly unrealistic. Obviously, the anus is meant for waste. So yes, it could be messy. Which is why anal is typically planned ahead of time, and not something done spur of the moment. I personally always use a douche if I know I’m going to bottom that night, and I wouldn’t eat heavy that day either. Its definitely not all sexy, the planning that goes into it, which is why its not always done, blowjobs and such are more common.” Cas explained clearly to him. He felt so much love for the man in front of him in that moment. Yes, Love. He was able to admit it to himself, he was definitely in love. But it was still too soon to say out loud so he’d keep that little secret for himself. But he felt so much love for Cas, that he would sit here and explain in detail all the awkward and messy parts of sex, just because Dean had questions.
“Of Course, Bee. There is one right up the block. Maybe when we get home, we can put on that new movie you wanted to watch too.” He offered, making Bianca light up.
He was sure he had a dopey smile on his face when they slowly pulled apart. He felt his chest constrict as they stared into each other’s eyes, something profound passing between them. He felt the need to say something, anything to lighten the heaviness of the moment.
“No, no. No, absolutely not.” Dean was quick to assure the other man, a smile returning to Cas’ face.
“Definitely not Cas.” He told the other man as they gazed into each other’s eyes, smiles so wide now that Dean’s face was beginning to hurt. Luckily, Bianca ran over to interrupt their staring.
"And there is the little brat I was talking about." Cas laughed. The waitress arrived then and set their plates down. Cas immediately dug into his. It was even better than he'd remembered.
Dean's dick was already taking an interest despite not even being touched, half hard as he swallowed hard and waited for Cas to tell him what to do, hands clenching behind his back to resist touching himself.
“You’ve never had a family dinner?” Mary gasped surprised.
“Ok cool. Thanks. That um, that means a lot.” He felt his eyes being to mist over but he quickly wiped the tears away before clearing his throat. “So um, the next part of this is a little TMI.” He warned.
“I got him Papa!” Bianca yelled as she ran back to Castiel’s side.
Cas felt humiliated now. He left his kitchen and walked to his bedroom and curled up on his bed hoping Dean would just leave.
Cas was shocked for a minute. He had no idea Dean had a Daddy kink. But he was very excited now.
Cas reached out and took Dean’s hand in his. “I like you Dean, a lot, and I’m willing to go at whatever pace is good for you. I’m sorry I made you uncomfortable before.”
to come out to his parents.
“Ah, good choice.” Cas said from right beside Dean. He jumped in the air, but just managed to avoid screeching in surprise as the man was much closer than he expected.
"Just wanted to suck your cock and you wouldn't even let me do that, so I had to get your attention." Dean snipped back.
Cas laughed. "Is there ever a time you aren't horny?" He asked playfully.
He stood up and walked to the dresser where he grabbed a pair of sweats and an old band tee that he quickly put on before following after his brother into the kitchen, where he found him pulling out all of the drawers in search for whatever he had been missing. Cas began to help and eventually found the missing toiletry bag in his bread box.
“Dad, come- “Dean started before Cas held his hand up and interrupted.
Dean quickly obeyed, scrambling onto the bed and waiting on his bed for further instruction, finding himself wanting to be really good for Castiel.
"I'll need to take a look inside. I'll let you know tomorrow. " Dean turned up a dirt road which seemed to keep climbing.
“What? Who? What are you talking about?”
Dean smiled, nuzzling Castiel’s skin, shutting his eyes. He was exhausted, sore, and floating a little with the aftereffects.
“What do you mean Dean? You just started dating?” His mom asked, eyes scrunched in confusion.
"Please Dean I want to come. Please let me come love." Cas begged.
"I would give you a huge one right on your neck but that would interfere with work." Dean said in a sad voice. He really would love to leave his mark on Cas.
Cas didn't say a word as he dried off and went to the bedroom. He put on a pair of briefs and sat on his bed waiting for Dean to join him.
“Good. And thank you for telling me what happened. I’m sorry you felt embarrassed, but if you are willing, I’d like to continue seeing you Dean.” He told the other man, a hopeful smile on his own face.
“F-fuck C-Cas.” Dean whimpered as his boyfriend frotted against him, over and over. The panties made it feel incredible and his orgasm was building fast. Before he knew it, his balls pulled tight and he felt himself coming in his panties.
“Y-yeah, give me ‘em.” Dean slurred, arousal making words hard at the moment. Cas leaned over to grab the lube from where it was sitting on the nightstand.
"Such a good boy Dean. You are doing so well. I’m so proud of my beautiful sub" Cas cooed as he kissed Dean's forehead.
“Dude really?” Dean looked up to glare at him and Cas held his hands up in apology.
“Can we please go somewhere quiet?” Dean hissed, not wanting to have this conversation in a crowded room full of people.
"Is that hard enough for you Dean?" Cas asked as he brutally fucked his boy.
“I’ve been trying to find the perfect gift for your brother for Christmas, but I haven’t been able to find one that seems good enough.” He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration.
and it would be Dean’s last day student teaching. He would be sad to leave and not see these kids anymore. But if he was being honest with himself, the thing he was going to miss the most was seeing the gorgeous blue-eyed man every day. After today, he would probably never see Cas again.
"I was wondering...why you always wear a condom. I like having it feel like my belly is full of my master’s come." Dean rested his hand on his belly as if imagining it. "I think yours would go so deep.”
“Fuck yes! Right there!” Cas screamed and Dean continued his assault, fucking up into that spot over and over as Cas continued screaming profanities. “Fuck I’m gonna…. I’m gonna cum!”
Dean shook his head with a smile, not realizing Cas was serious. He finished cleaning and called out. "Cas, you should be out the door already!”
“Uh, no one. Just, um…just some guy at Charlie’s work…” Dean fumbled through a lie. Cas just quirked a disbelieving eyebrow at him.
“Turn at that road coming up.” He instructed Dean; voice already deep with arousal.
Dean had seen her safely inside her own house before he walked the two blocks over to his own home. They had grown up on this street together, since elementary school actually, and had been best friends the whole time. Charlie basically took him hostage the first day of kindergarten, declaring them best friends, and Dean just went along with it. When they realized they lived so close, they had both been ecstatic little kids and sleepovers became a regular thing. It wasn’t till they became teenagers that those had dwindled down.
"A shower is a good idea. But I will not make you wash the bedspread. It was my fault after all that you messed it up" Cas said, smirking at Dean.
Sam should probably feel guilty about what he did to Cas, telling him to buy Dean that toy, but it was just too great of an opportunity to pass up embarrassing the two of them. He had been subjected to a decade of eye-fucking between his brother and the Angel, so a little pranking was overdue. He had been waiting in the hall for 20 minutes now, outside their bedroom for the moment of truth. He knew they went in there to exchange gifts and he was bouncing on his heels in anticipation of Dean’s reaction. He put his ear against the door, trying to hear what was going on in the room.
“Oh yeah?” Dean was intrigued. He tore through the wrapping paper and lifted the lid of the box, and then threw his head back in laughter when he saw what was inside. “Oh…m-my god…. Cas, y-you got…me…. a sex…a sex toy?” He managed between laughs.
, and if that wasn’t a clear enough sign that Cas didn’t feel the same way as him, well, Dean didn’t know what else could be. It royally sucked but whatever; nothing he could do about it except milk whatever he could from their current arraignment. With that in mind, he made his way to the living room where Cas was sitting on the couch, scrolling through his phone. Dean plopped his ass on the seat next to his friend.
“What do you want Dean? Tell me.” Cas said before capturing his lips in another kiss. Dean’s head was spinning as he was kissed to breathlessness before the other man pulled back.
“He, yeah I figured this was all him. Has his name written all over it.” Dean chuckled awkwardly. “I uh…I was thinking. Since you spent all that money on the vibes though, maybe we could…um…t-test one out?”
Dean snuggled into him and into his pillow, falling asleep mere minutes after closing his eyes, comfortable and warm.
Cas pulled Dean up to stop him from cleaning. That was not important right now. "Dean, love, please look at me." Cas begged.
All through dinner that night, as Bianca chatted about her day, Cas couldn't help but inwardly cringe at the awkward encounter with Dean. He had never thought he would see the young man again. Then
*************
“John!” His mother cut in “Knock it off!” She reached over to smack him upside the head. “Calm down for Pete’s sake. Dean is an adult.” She scolded.
"No, not necessarily, but I'm not complaining." Dean leaned in and kissed him.
"Mhm. Better than okay. I came without permission though." Dean kissed Castiel’s chest gently, pressing their bodies together sticky and happy.
“Fuck…” Cas whimpered as he reached his hand to run it through Dean’s hair in encouragement. Dean lowered his head, taking Cas’ hard cock further into his mouth. He went a little too far and gagged a bit, so he pulled back and wrapped his hand around what he couldn’t reach with his mouth.
He was drawn out of his internal thoughts when he heard his daughter stomping down the steps. “What have I told you about running down the stairs Bee?” He asked sternly as his daughter came down.
Thank you so much for reading! It's done. Im so happy to complete my first multichaptered fic. Thanks to all who have followed along, your comments kept me going. 💙💙💙
He was rewarded with a gummy smile from the other man. “That makes me feel a lot better.” Cas sighed in relief just as the waiter delivered their meals.
Dean woke up still curled up around Cas and he smiled hugely, burying his face in his skin and inhaling. Castiel was more than he could ever have imagined when he was painting graffiti to get his attention.
“Hey D- “She started before he rudely interrupted her.
“Dean?” Cas breathed, confusion and worry overshadowing the arousal he had been feeling.
“And you got it anyway?” Dean asked with a quirked eyebrow and Cas shrugged.
Bobby just raised an eyebrow, "So you’re a cop?" He asked.
“Go. Get ready and get to work on time. I’ll lock up when I leave. I need to do a few things today but I’ll be back tonight and we can relax and watch a movie babe.” Dean said as he kissed Cas on the cheek before making his way into the kitchen to clean up from breakfast. He had a huge smile on his face knowing he would be living here soon. He heard Cas get ready and leave the house.
“Dean, son…look at me.” The gentle command had him following, and he looked up into his father’s eyes. He was expecting disgust or anger, but he only saw a gentle smile. “You are my son and I love you. Nothing, and I mean
"Shush, I'll go at my own pace." Dean smacked his thigh lightly.
“I love you so much Dean.” He smiled.
“Like… anal stuff?” Dean asked wide-eyed.
Cas sat in the passenger seat of the Impala, looking out the window trying to erase the image that was burned in his brain; not because he didn’t enjoy the image, quite the contrary actually. He enjoyed it a bit
Dean chuckled, "Glad you enjoy it or it would have been awkward.”
“Guess you’ll have to buy me a new pair.” He teased, and Cas smiled as he looked up at him. He didn’t know how long they stared into each other’s eyes, but he felt something pass between them, something big, and his heart clenched in response. Dean leaned forward again, and Cas knew what was about to happen and he almost let it, but at the last second, he turned his head once more, receiving a kiss on his cheek, that he knew Dean meant for his lips. “Shit. I forgot again. I swear I’ll try to remember next time Cas.” Dean apologized.
“Hello Dean.” Cas answered in his gravely voice.
“Ugh! Please don't say masturbate man, it's so…
“The bag with my toothbrush and razor. What did you do with it?” Gabe asked again, annoyance clear in his voice.
"No, Cas. " Dean cupped his jaw in his hands and kissed his lips. "You've done nothing but bring me happiness.”
Cas slapped Dean's hands away. "Gladly my love." He said. He lubed up three of his fingers and pushed them in Dean's ass. Dean felt loose enough for it. He fucked him with his fingers until he was loose enough to push a 4th finger in. He felt some resistance but he pushed further until all four of his fingers were able to fuck into Dean's ass hard and fast.
Dean tugged his arm, "Before we go home, I want to show you somewhere. Just take a right instead of a left and drive up the dirt road.”
Castiel shuddered. Fuck this. That was the last straw. He pulled over his patrol car on the side of the road. He got out of his car and walked around to the back. He opened the door and pretty much dragged Dean out of the car and over to the side of the road. He was fuming by this point. “what the fuck is your game Winchester? What do you want from me? What is the point in all of this? Do you want me to throw you in a holding cell? I’m at a loss here and I want to know exactly what you are after. So please, tell me how you’ve been wanting this to go down.” At this point, Castiel was breathing harshly and so fucking pissed.
Cas was so perplexed at what had just happened. He though everything had been going so well. He didn’t know why Dean had acted weird all of a sudden. Had Cas pushed too far? Why didn’t Dean say anything? He tried to call Dean a few more times that night, up until he went to bed himself, but every time he did, the call went straight to voicemail. He left a message asking Dean to please call him back. But as he lay in bed, he had a sinking feeling that his call would not be returned.
When the door opened, he felt himself holding his breath. Cas opened the door and smiled.
“Ugh Charlie, don’t start.” He whined. He was too tired to deal with her pestering right now.
“Hello?” He heard Cas answer on the third ring.
“Sugar, don't you be fretting. I got no plans to be outin’ you boy. Whoever catches your fancy makes no difference to me. Your secret's safe, honey.” Her sweet southern voice reassured him, and he felt his body begin to relax.
“Fuck.” He whimpered as he reached for Cas’ hand, grasping it in his own to help ground him. There was a sharp pinch of pain as Cas slowly pushed more of his cock in, and Dean took deep breaths, willing his muscles to relax. It hurt,
Cas was so nervous as he drove to meet Dean's family at the restaurant. When he pulled in, he saw Dean's beautiful car in the lot and he walked in and told the hostess who he was meeting. She led him to a booth where he saw Dean, a really tall younger guy, and an older man in a trucker cap. Dean looked up and waved him over once he saw him. He smiled at him as Sam and Bobby looked up. Dean scooted over and cleared his throat, "Cas, this is my brother Sam and my Uncle Bobby. Guys this is Castiel.” Dean introduced them.
They had been best friends for over a decade at this point and normally they had no secrets between them. Dean knew everything there was to know about Cas, and up until recently, Cas thought he could say the same about his knowledge of Dean. But now, he was sure the other man was keeping something from him. Well, Cas did have one teeny tiny secret of his own. Namely, the fact that he was in love with his best friend. But seeing as Dean obviously didn’t feel the same way, Cas didn’t feel too guilty about not sharing that little tid bit of information. Things would just be awkward between them if he told Dean about his feelings, so really, he was doing them both a favor by keeping this one secret.
