"One minute, but my dentist is going to complain."
Dean gave a humorless chuckle. "Sure."
Bobby called for Sam and the beta picked up his clearly well-used briefcase. "It was nice to meet you, Mr. Novak. Dean, maybe we can watch another movie soon? This time all the way through?"
"Enough stalling, lover boy. You can tell me about the folks later. Right now, I need to know that you're not actually Fabio in disguise."
Dean's eyes slipped shut and his lips were parted. "Y... yea, Alpha... I'm yours."
Dean looked like he had seen a ghost. "Nothing. I was just rambling. Just that we get along so well, ya know?"
"Yes, you are, but not yet." Cas pushed his shoulders down yet again and brushed his cock as he stood. "It's time for your dessert."
"You said yes?"
"Yes, of course, anything that can you can tell me."
"We really shouldn't, Dean..." Cas tried to hide the moan that wanted to slither up his throat as Dean continued to seek out Cas's scent with his tongue. His body failed him as he let out of a strained moan. Dean's tongue was so soft and his breath was tickling Cas in the best way possible.
“Dean,
“Yes, sweetheart?”
"I mean, yea, that's awkward, but nothing out of the ordinary for teenagers. Still not
Castiel's heart felt like it would burst. "Everyone here knows that you're my omega and that I'm your alpha. I won't let anyone forget that anytime soon." He smiled as Dean continued rubbing his wrist over his scent and mating glands.
"You don't think you deserve to be saved." Cas didn't say this as a question. It was a fact. Dean saw himself as someone less than human.
It wasn't long before Dean shouted Cas' name as he came all over himself. His hole clenched around the toy inside of him and it quickly become too much to handle.
Dean glanced back at Castiel like he was looking for confirmation that he heard correctly. "Yes, she is nice." Seemingly satisfied, Dean laid back against his pillows, but kept the death grip on Castiel's hand.
"I thought you loved rom-coms."
Castiel thought for a moment. "Hm, I would say about six months. That Alfie kid that had his femur broken in that wreck. It took a lot of work to get him back on his feet." He was sure that this omega of Gabe's would need more time, but anything more than six to seven months was unlikely. It was rare for a rehab specialist to come in for that long.
Cas smiled. "Anything you want, sweet boy."
D looked up and gave a soft smile. He nodded. "You'll help me?" Castiel tried to act surprised. D squeezed his hand tightly like he was the one comforting Cas. "Thank you, D. I know other patients will benefit from this." D wiggled himself further into the sheets and held onto Bee and Castiel's hand. He seemed to be quite proud of himself.
A couple seconds later, he fell off of Cas and began to laugh. "Daddy, that was so good. I couldn't take any more kisses."
"Yea, maybe." Dean ran his hand down his face. "Anyways, I thought I was beta for a long time. Mom died when I was four. Dad died when I was six. So, I bounced around a lot, foster homes, group homes, you name it. When I turned sixteen, I ran away from my foster home. They treated me alright, I guess, but it wasn't home and it sure as hell wasn't where I wanted to be. They were fake. No real family."
"And I want to fucking believe you, man. But no one stays." He trailed off and let his hands fall to his side. "No one. I feel safe with you, but I'm gonna fuck up sooner or later and you'll see why I'm the one that's always left behind."
"Do you see any words in the room with the first letter of your name?"
D smiled.
Dean pulled out the oil dipstick as he laughed. "Alright, smart guy, look here." Sam leaned over the car. "Never judge how much oil it needs by the first pull, okay? It swishes around a little when you drive and it can be inaccurate. So, wipe it off," He wrapped the shirt around it and pulled. It came out clean, and only left a little stain, but the shirt was officially ruined. Sam didn't seem to mind. "On here are these little grooves. If the oil touches this line, it needs two quarts. If the oil touches this line, it needs one quart." He handed the dipstick to Sam. "Alright, you check it."
He frowned and took the bag over to the bed. He sat down and tried to keep his eyes from watering. Sure, he didn’t have any pictures of him and Cas, but Cas was always taking pictures. Yea, they lived together, but this made Dean reconsider everything. What if Cas didn’t want to be his Daddy all the time? What if it was just out of pity? Was he as important to Cas and Cas was to him? Cas worked at a counseling facility, so this could easily be his way of trying to help with Dean's fucked up mind.
As Cas looked over to the driver’s seat of the Impala, he couldn’t help but smile. The windows were up due to the crisp autumn air and slight mist, but somehow Dean’s hair was still windblown. How did he get this lucky? As he pondered on this, Dean reached his hand over the bench seat and grabbed Cas’ tightly.
Shakily, Dean reached his hand up and tried to stand. He was still covered in cum which wasn't as enjoyable as one may think and he was sure that Cas could feel his whole body shivering. Man, at least one of them had their senses. Cas was going to even be a gentleman before walking Dean back to his room and getting himself out of this mess. Dean knew it wasn't going to be long-term... how could it? One three-day weekend was enough and well, he wouldn't have been able to continue this without feelings getting in the way. At least Cas was going to let him keep his dignity.
"Yea, sweet boy. Let's go." Cas struggled to move through the house to his computer, but Dean was already standing by the desk and shifting nervously from one foot to another.
Cas cleared his throat and turned around. "I do apologize, Mr. Singer. Let's have a seat."
"No bacon... no Dean..." Cas could feel the omega laughing silently in his arms.
Cas stumbled his way through the first few lines of "Ramble On." Dean looked at him with a straight face and just said, "no." They both started laughing at that.
When Castiel opened the door, he was certain that he stopped breathing. He, Castiel Novak, was the first man on Earth that did not require oxygen to survive. He just needed the sight before him. Dean was standing in the shower, massaging his scalp with Cas's shampoo. He could tell from the scent. His once so obvious bruises, welts, and cuts were hardly noticeable against his somehow-always tan skin. His head was tipped back, eyes closed, and lips parted. Dean finished rinsing his hair and let a quiet moan escape from his throat.
"Blech. Be safe." Sam gave Dean a quick hug before turning to Cas. The alpha saw his conflicted features. Hug? Handshake? Fist bump? As a person with intimate knowledge of the awkwardness of these situations, he stuck his hand out. He saw Sam's shoulders lighten slightly.
Please leave comments! Love you all, thank you!
"Just light, omega. Sleep." That quip earned Cas a smack to the chest and an armful of grumpy omega. "I'm sorry, love. I'm just teasing."
Dean let out a laugh and shook his head. "It's not degrading. It's in our DNA." He kissed Cas's neck and nipped at his scent gland. "And it ain't disrespectful if I want it."
"I don't plan on stopping," Cas turned Dean around so his back was to Cas' chest and began massaging his fingers through his hair, "I love you so much, Dean."
“No,” Dean whispered it so quietly, he wasn’t sure if Cas had even heard.
"I see that. Now, Mr. Novak, I am fully aware that Dean does not need to go on the stand. However, I would like to ask you if Dean has shared any specific information with you regarding his abuse or his abusers. Again, since you received this information as his rehab specialist, you can share that information."
The alpha couldn't say how long he sat there trying to make sense of what Dean told him. He knew the omega was expecting an answer, but he really couldn't give him one at this point. Regardless, he knew he had to say something or Dean may lose his mind. That was quite the confession and he needed to know Castiel wasn't going to abandon him. "When..." Cas cleared his throat. "When did you know?"
Mrs. Wesson pushed him back and laughed as she dried her eyes. "Now, I believe that's enough crying for today." She took a breath and looked around the room. "The pizza will be here soon. Why don't you and Cas find us a game to play after lunch while I freshen up, hm?"
“Right.”
As Cas moved the car into the garage and sat their bags on the couch, he felt knots literally tightening in his stomach. This perfect omega, who had been sexually abused, wanted Castiel to be with him... sexually. Ugh. How in the world was he supposed to know how to provide Dean with what he needed to feel comfortable? Having sexual encounters with your True Mate who was also still kind of your patient was not something most training courses covered.
“Yea, Daddy. I wanna read that one.” Dean pointed to the paperback he had placed on the nightstand.
"Not too terribly long. It was a small dose of a fast-acting sedative. Comes in handy for rowdy Alphas when I'm on call. I happen to appreciate its function much more in this line of work, though. Knocks out the target, metabolizes quickly, and leaves just enough time for you..." Roche paused, "and I to find our own little piece of paradise. I'm looking quite forward to it, aren't you, my dear?"
Of course, his dick began to hurt from being trapped between the mattress and himself.
"As of now, no. He can't tell us his name and Alastair claims he got all of these omegas legally. I seriously doubt that, but it does make me wonder if a family member was upset with the kid's designation and sold him off. He doesn't match any missing person's report. Alastair says that his name is '67.'"
Sam shook his head. "I don't think so, but you do look familiar. Did you go to high school at Sun Ridge?"
"Okay, okay, Mr. Smooth." Dean held Bee tightly to his chest and leaned forward to hear the rest of the story.
Castiel had seen many of his patients over the years hesitate over using a toy or therapy aid that he provided them. Especially if it was something that was "for kids." So, he figured he would give the omega a chance to bond with his new friend. "I've got to run to the restroom. I'll be back shortly."
"I feel like we should have this conversation in private. Our patient doesn't need to hear that language. We can talk about this after Dean goes to sleep."
Suddenly, Daddy was right beside him and whispering in his ear. “What do you think your punishment is, baby boy?”
I love them so muchhhhhh.
"No, fuckin' love nesting with you, alpha." Dean sighed heavily. "Hate bein' such a damn baby about all this. I have to meet them sometime. I just..." He took a deep breath. "I thought there would be more time, but it wouldn't matter. I'd still be a damn baby about it."
Naturally, Dean was unaware that he knew and Cas was perfectly content with keeping it that way for the remainder of their days. Regardless of the attraction he had developed for Dean over the past five years, he never wanted to alter things to the point of no return or beyond repair. He was content being best friends. Even if Dean returned those feelings, he wanted it to be Dean’s choice. He had enough on his plate— working four ten-hour days in the garage, Sam going off to college, rent going up, the Impala having some issues… the addition of a creepy roommate was not something he needed.
"When you..." Cas propped himself up on his elbows. "When you came..." He licked his lips and rubbed the back of his hand over his mouth to get rid of some extra lube. "When you came, you called me 'Cas'. You didn't call me 'Daddy.'"
"Best food?"
Dean almost screamed as Cas slapped his hole again before covering his rim with his tongue. Fuck, Cas was licking like he was starved. His hands kept pulling Dean back until he was literally sitting on Cas' face. After a couple of seconds, Cas pushed him up. "Fuck, you taste so good. You want Daddy's tongue to fill up this slutty fucking hole? Hmm? You need kisses, baby boy?"
It was a lot worse than he expected. The omega's left eye was swollen shut and a dark purple. His lip had a cut and there were a few stitches on his cheek. His right eye was was surrounded by a yellowish-brown bruise that was healing. His nose had a large bandage covering it from his eyes to its end. The thing that made Castiel freeze for a moment was just how frail this young man appeared to be. He was tall, Cas could tell that much. He should have had a much larger frame, but it appeared that he was severely under weight. Cas could also see that he had green eyes. That was all. "Are you okay?"
"That's right, Omega. Come."
"I like pretty much anything on a burger. I even had one once at a carnival with a doughnut on top."
Dean kept his eyes closed and smiled as he replayed everything that had happened over the last few days in his head; from the first touch to waking up this morning. He supposed they had always had a very fine line keeping their relationship platonic. They had been Han and Leia for Halloween. A clear couple's costume. When they got home, Dean remembered an weird, drunken hug before taking himself back to his room and Cas meandered to his own. Then, they woke up and it was back to "why did you put your feet, with your disgusting socks, up on the coffee table after I cleaned it, you ass?" They had bought the furniture for the apartment together and literally everyone thought they were "the cutest." They just laughed it off. There had been plenty of "almost" moments with them. Five years worth.
Dean sat down at the kitchen table and picked up the letter Cas… well, Daddy… had left him. He turned it over and began reading his to-do list.
They washed up, exchanged a manly kiss, got into bed, Dean was the big spoon, and they lived happily ever after.
Cas didn't say anything, but held his hands out closer to Dean. The omega rolled his eyes and angrily held onto Cas. "I can't speak for anyone else, Dean. I can't answer those questions. I wish I could. I pray that I could give you a simple answer that could explain everything you've been through and wrap all of the knowledge that you need in a nice, pretty bow, but I can't. I can't do that. I can tell you, though, that I want you. You are my home now and I would be absolutely lost without you." Cas hoped that Dean could smell his sincerity.
Slowly, Cas pulled his thumb back out. “Who do you belong to, baby?”
“You really like talking Daddy… Show me.” Dean smirked and looked up as innocently as possible through his lashes. He didn’t expect the… well… growl that came from Cas’ throat. All at once, his head was jerked backward by his hair, hot breath was in his ear, and a hand was around his leaking cock.
D's heart rate spiked and Charlie motioned for the other nurses to stay out the room. He needed space. His breathing quickened and he was gritting his teeth. His head was turned away from Cas and the rest of his body was as still as rock. Castiel took a calming breath and took D's hand in his.
Ultimately, D landed on the first face. Confused, Castiel looked at the chart and then at D. "Do you have any pain at all, D?"
“Dean!”
“You’re wrong because,” Cas paused to press closer to Dean and grind his hips against his ass. Shit. That was a big cock. “As badly as you need to be filled, Daddy needs to fill you up. Do you understand that? I need this as much as you do, baby. You make Daddy so fucking happy.”
"Got it." She smiled but still looked confused.
"I concur."
Castiel shook his head and covered his mouth with his hand. "I--" he stopped and started talking several times. "Can he choose?"
"Told you the guy knows his stuff." Gabe smiled and winked.
"Well, she just kept a tight smile and tried to avoid eye contact."
Castiel simply stared. "Gabe, at that point, people don't need rehab, they need a full-time care team."
>>To Cas: Used conventional instead of synthetic.
"So, any news?" Dean, oblivious to Cas's thoughts, bounced around the living room like a chihuahua on speed. Cas figured that he was a bit like an old blood hound with the amount of energy he had at the moment.
"When you gonna mate me, Cas?" This was at least the tenth time Dean had asked since the two had found their places on the bed. He ran his nose up Cas's jaw, as was his custom during their close-contact therapy sessions.
With that, Dean pulled Castiel's arms around his waist and let them settle on the small of his back. Once he was situated again, Dean began sucking on Castiel's scent gland. "'s good." If he had not been right by Cas's ear, the omega would've been too quiet to hear.
Dean leaned back and gave one of his rare full body laughs. "Hell yes, absolutely." He looked up and down until he found a flat, obscenely yellow pillow. "How cute would Bee look on this? Huh? How freaking adorable?"
"D... Dean, that's not appropriate." Cas clenched his eyes tightly and tried to tamp down the smell of confusion and arousal that was sure to be arriving at any moment.
"Okay, whatever, you're at your house?"
D started bouncing in his seat and pointing to the TV quickly, over and over. His tears were flowing freely and the sounds that he made were involuntary. Unfortunately, Castiel couldn't tell if he was happy or sad. "D... does Superman mean something to you?"
"Gabriel texted earlier and said that he and a friend are going out for burgers. He offered to bring us a couple to-go tonight. Is that okay with you?"
"That makes sense. How do we do that?"
"Like me?" Dean was quieter and avoided eye contact.
"Dean!" Dean startled and hit his head on the hood of the old Ford Taurus he was working on.
"Dean, you don't have to tell me anything more if you don't want to, I promise."
"No, babe..." Dean took a deep breath. "You have been so great to me. You have stuck your neck out for me more than once and we just met last week. I'm just some kid who fucked up. I messed it all up. Made the wrong choice. And you're my, ya know..." Dean waved his hand around, hoping for Cas to finish his sentence.
After lunch, Dean and Cas were gathering their things to leave. “Dean, Cas, seriously. Thank you so much for helping out.”
He glanced at the picture books, but decided he didn’t want to read them. He wanted Daddy to read him bedtime stories. He felt of the blanket and rubbed against his cheek. It was so soft and perfect. The squirrel plushie was his new favorite thing, though. For sure.
"Hi, I'm Castiel, feel free to call me Cas. This is my mate-to-be, Dean." Cas gestured to Dean and tried to hide his own anxiousness that was sure to try to escape his scent-muting spray.
“Y-yea. I know.” Dean swallowed and looked up from his place on the couch to Cas leaning on the kitchen door jam.
Thankfully, Cas decided to move first. He broke eye contact with Dean and walked over to the side of the bed that Dean was currently glued onto. He didn't say anything-- he simply held out his hand and gently nodded towards the bedroom door.
Castiel grabbed Roche by the top of his hair. "I did, 'mega. I'm so sorry that he made you do that."
"Yea, Cas. so damn ready." Dean stood up, but Cas had manhandled him quickly and held him bridal-style.
"You think so?" Dean burrowed down into the bed and looked up Cas. He looked a bit skeptical.
Gabe sat down at this announcement and threw away his lollipop. He put on his professional face and grabbed his notebook. Bobby clicked his pen and sat ready to write, as well.
Dean grunted his understanding and buried his face in the crook of Castiel's elbow. "Too bright." The omega whined out the words and sat up. "Stupid light." He flipped off the heat vent.
And just like that, Dean had pushed off on the cart again, leaving Cas far behind on the aisle. "I need to get some chew toys and puppy pads at this rate," Castiel thought as he jogged to catch up with his omega.
"Don't like this."
"Anything."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, good, you're awake! Have you heard from Mr. Singer yet about Sam's contact information? I know that you were going to message him last night, but I don't know if you were able to or not, and I-" Cas put a finger to Dean's lips.
Gabriel stuck his fork into the lemon meringue pie that sat in front of him. He picked at it several times before eventually pushing the styrofoam container further back on his desk. He had a piece of pie at least twice a week -every week- from A Little Slice of Heaven since he joined the Omega Defense Team ten years ago. This was the first time that he could not stomach the thought of eating.
"Happy now?"
Dean kept his smile on his face as Cas tossed him his shirt. "Need bacon, alpha."
"Then don't think badly of yourself right now. I'm sure that Sam is just as excited as you are. His family was taken from him, just like yours. I'm sure he wants to know he wasn't completely alone in this world."
Alastair was almost like an urban legend. He was so sought after and so elusive that most cops, social workers, and judges never planned to have his name on their paperwork at the end of the day. He was too big of a fish to catch. As an omega rehabilitation specialist, Castiel was certain he would never deal with any of Alastair's crimes. This, again, simply added to his confusion. "Gabe, you don't seem too happy about this."
Dean's brows furrowed and he bit his lip. "What? Do I have another part of my punishment?"
"We can be lazy. I still think you may want your own toothbrush, though."
Castiel smiled at the kid's enthusiasm. His suit didn't fit him perfectly and his shaggy hair reminded everyone of how young he was, but Cas immediately like him. They needed more people like this optimistic beta. "Well, that is excellent, Sam. My name is Castiel Novak, I'm an omega rehabilitation specialist with the ODT." Cas stepped to the side. "This is my mate, well, soon-to-be-mate, Dean Winchester."
Instead of pulling Dean’s underwear down as he expected, he laid his cock down on Dean’s stomach and smiled. “See, baby boy, that’s how deep Daddy will be in you when I fill you up for the first time. You’re going to be so fucking full of cum. I’ll plug you up and cum in that sweet little hole over and over and over until I can see it. Right here.” When he said those last words, Cas pushed down on Dean’s stomach right above where his cock was laying.
The alpha walked over and ran the towel over Dean's hair. "You're beautiful."
Cas turned away from the door and let out a breath. If this was what his life with Dean was going to be like everyday, he was beyond happy and grateful, but he was going to have to start taking more expresso in his coffee.
Dean smiled an almost drunk smile. "Yes to drying off, no to the dinner. Could we... maybe do take out before we watch a movie or something? I really just want to lay down with you."
"Yes, thank you."
His Daddy had marked him, inside and out. He felt owned, cherished, and he had never been so calm in his life. He had almost forgotten how badly he needed to cum. Almost. “Now, baby,” Cas looked him in the eyes and stroked his cheek as Dean sucked the toy, “I am going to go get something to clean us up with, and then, love, you can cum. Do you want cummies, baby?”
"Novak. Castiel Novak. I was wondering if you could tell me anything specific about the patient's physical condition. Specifically, do you think there is anything physical hindering his speech or communication? Any evidence of hearing damage?" Castiel was sure that there was neurological damage- that's why he was here- but it was necessary to understand D's complete status before he brainstormed treatment options.
"Pleasure." The doctor seemed to do everything concisely without any room for error or pleasantries. He quickly glanced over the chart and looked over D's vitals. "Hm." That's all he said the whole time he was in there. "Hm, hm, hm." No wonder the kid hated the hospital staff. The doctor was about as sociable and friendly as an eggplant.
Dean smiled shyly and found something interesting on the floor to stare at instead of Cas's face. "When you came that first day. I remember staring at you because I didn't understand you. You were nice and you weren't asking me to do anything. You didn't run any tests. You confused me. Then you left and when you opened the door, the air rushed in, and... it was like a damn ton of bricks fell on me. I knew that it was just... right? I guess that's the word. I had never smelled anything like you before."
“Daddy still loves you.”
Sooo originally, I planned for this to be about 15k words, but now I don't even know when it's going to end. This chapter was getting super long, so I thought I would chop it in two.
"Sam, you could learn a thing or two about manners from this kid."
"I still need to brush my teeth. Then we will go find you some bacon."
Dean's eyes crinkled as he smiled. "I guess. Or I could just wear these pajamas all day and stay in bed with you. I really like this whole lazy-day thing we've had going."
“D-daddy?!” Holy fuck, no. He could not be spanked… certain issues would come up that could not be avoided. And cute little ass? Yes, please. This is the kind of dirty talk he could get behind any day of the week.
Cas ruffled his hair and kissed the top of his head. “That’s my good boy.”
"Yea, our man here is a trooper." Dean still looked furious that Charlie had came in, but he began rubbing Castiel's fingers with his thumb.
"Oh, no, is that so?" Cas feigned concerned and held Dean tightly.
"Never want to wait for you, Alpha." Even as Dean said this, Castiel knew that he wasn't ready for them to mate or to go any further than they had in the shower.
Cas turned over to turn off the bedside lamp. When he turned back, Dean was already in his space, ready for some serious cuddling. Dean arranged himself so he was right beside Cas. Head on his chest, leg securely around his hips. “Goodnight, Daddy.”
"Fuck me." Cas ran a hand down his face and made his way over to the kitchen for some much needed coffee. With three shots of espresso.
"That's fine, baby. Do you want me to take mine off?"
Cas would never use his "alpha voice" on Dean, but he did feel like his omega needed some support and structure after the day that they had had. "I can do that. Will you please walk over to the shelf with me, though, and keep me company?"
The omega moved back closer. "I would never punish you. I mean that you are not healthy right now and the doctors are very worried about you."
"What has the patient decided, Mr. Novak?" MacLeod looked over at D and Castiel could see a hint of sympathy in his eyes.
“I more than hate it. I… fucking hate it! I hate it more than… I don’t know. I just hate it. I can't even pronounce the name of this damn shelf! Nothing makes sense and fuck these instructions and—“ Dean went on his rant for a few more minutes while angrily screwing in half-screws before Cas had had enough. The two men had been friends long enough for Cas to know that this rant was far from over. If history was any indication, then chances were that it would keep unraveling until Dean was venting about someone at work.
"I've got you." Cas kissed his the top of his head.
Dean giggled. “Daddy’s car might as well be a bus. You would be great at it.”
"Please, then, tell me what this is ab--" Castiel stop talking mid-sentence and cocked his head curiously at the untouched pie to his left. "Something must be bothering you."
“I have a coping mechanism, I guess you’d call it.”
>>To Cas: Well, I just fucked up.
"Uh-huh?" Charlie looked at the two questioningly.
Dean could only moan. He rolled his hips against Cas and shivered. “R-really?”
Cas only chuckled. “Don’t move, baby. Daddy has a reward for you since you took your punishment so, so well.” Dean felt Cas run a finger over his back, through the cum and sweat. Then, he felt Cas gently pull his cheeks apart and push a finger back in. “No one will ever make you and your hole feel like you do with Daddy and Daddy’s cum. It feels good being marked inside, doesn’t it, baby?”
Cas felt the hard tile under his knees as he lowered himself beneath the omega's height. D was in charge here. "I don't want to see you hurt, D. I want to see you better. I want to hear your voice and see your smile. Please hold my hand when the doctors come in. Please?"
Dean turned onto his side facing Cas. "What's wrong Daddy?"
"It's touch therapy, doctor. You said you were okay with this after you saw that his infection stabilized." Castiel made no effort to move and Dean just moved closer to him. Cas could feel Dean's anger seeping into the room. The kid had no scent, but you always knew where you stood with him.
Without a word, Cas began brushing his teeth. It took a hot minute, but Dean joined in eventually. He was super confused. Why were they brushing their teeth? Together? At 10 o'clock? After Dean made a complete ass of himself?
Dean begins his to-do list. Sadly, he runs into a couple of problems.
“Hmm… I don’t know. Maybe you could go to sleep if you were full?”
Dean looked up at him with his brows furrowed. "Lose job?" Dean took Cas' hand in his. "But you..."
Charlie took a sip of her diet Coke and nodded. "Agreed. I'll see if I can pull some strings and get you the one from 364. Apparently, a guy bought it a few years back when his wife had to stay long term. Super fancy. Reclining with cup holders. He went through all the paperwork to get it in, paid all sorts of a fees, but didn't take it with him when she was released. It is the best chair in this place. I wish I could have it at home."
When the credits rolled, Dean look over to Cas a smiled a shy smile. "Cas?"
"Yes, he let me hold his hand. Remember when you said that it was possible he had been conditioned to fear touch? I think you were on to something. I know that was originally just a guess, but he seemed genuinely surprised that it didn't hurt to hold my hand."
D just huffed. "I am worried about you." With that, D reluctantly looked over at Cas with his one good eye. "They say..." Cas took a deep breath. "Again I'm just being honest... they say that there is a good chance that you will not live through the week without a change in your care plan." The omega broke eye contact to burrow into the hospital bed with his stuffed animal.
With that, Dean spun them around so Cas was against the wall. He settled his knee between Cas's legs and kissed below his ear. Cas could feel the omega's confidence return.  "Nah, Alpha. You're the kind of guy that makes me so desperate for you than I get dizzy. You're the kind of guy that I wanna wake up with in the morning with you grinding against me before you even know you're awake. You're the kind of guy I wanna get on my hands and knees for and beg you to take care of me, baby." Castiel was breathing fast at Dean's words and he couldn't help the little squeak that came out of his throat. Dean let out a quiet laugh as he pulled Castiel's earlobe between his teeth. "You're the kind of guy that I want to mate me and fuck me and breed me and--"
"Yea, I am. Your point? I needed that lazy afternoon. Now it's back to business, Mr. Grouchy. So, have you heard from him?" Dean was up on his hands and knees with his backside wiggling back and forth. He looked like a hyper puppy that had been told that they were about to go for a walk.
"Yes, baby?" Cas looked down and was met with two beautiful green eyes looking into his own. Not the stranger's eyes from the window, but the eyes of his Mate.
Gabriel smiled weakly in return and shook his head. "We've been doing this for a combined seventeen years. I've never..." He took a deep breath and continued. "Cas, man... It was so horrible. I went in after the initial sweep and I can't even put into words what all I saw."
For once, Dean wasn't scared of what would happen afterwards. His daddy was going to take care of him.
"That's good, who is it?" Castiel got down a glass to get Dean some water.
"What's that, D?" Cas pulled back.
“Oh, I know sweetie. I want you too. But, I was serious. We need some rest. We have a lot of moving to help with tomorrow. Before you start pouting, remember that I am going to reward you if you’re a good sport about this.”
The power was out and the gentle rain had picked up to a downpour. It was probably going to thunder soon. Dean whimpered and held the little squirrel tighter. He needed Daddy. He needed his Daddy right then.
Dean nodded and ran into the bathroom.
Cas' brain was torn between "wrong, patient, unprofessional," and "perfect, omega, mine." He had a few partners in his college years, but he had never once felt a connection to anyone like this. Even without a scent, he knew that Dean would be part of his life forever, in one way or another.
"Welcome to The Roadhouse!" A friendly beta with a mullet interrupted the conversation. Castiel thought he was an alpha for a moment, but his scent was actually coming from the smoke and old bar food grease that soaked into his clothes. "The name's Ash. I'll be your server, your cook, and the guy up front taking your check. What can I get you started with today?"
Dean's laugh filled Castiel's ears and it was the most infectious sound the alpha had ever heard. Cas was far from immune to his omega's unintentional charm. "You smooth motherfucker. Do you ever say something stupid? Like, ever? Or do you just go around with your suave words and drop all the omega's panties?"
Well, there it was, apparently Dean and Castiel shared a profound bond simply because he was the only "good person" on Earth. Castiel exhaled and rubbed his hand over his mouth. Dean may be healing physically, but he clearly had some internalized issues that went past the extent of his abuser.
Dean threw his head back and laughed.
Dean let out something similar to a laugh and fell back onto the bed with his arms above his head. He kept his eyes closed, but smiled nonetheless. He looked like a new man. Sure, all of the bruises, cuts, and scars were still there, but he looked lighter. More free.
Dean pointed at Castiel. "Yes, Dean, she's my friend, too. We can have more than one friend."
Dean kissed Cas's neck once. "Fine, but when we get home, you're all mine, alpha. I've got a lot to be happy about today."
"'Kay, baby."
Cas slid his hand down and lightly covered Dean's throat. "It means that sometimes, to make you feel really good, Daddy won't let you breathe. He'll be in charge of when you can breathe. It reminds you that Daddy owns you. All of you."
Also, sorry for taking forever to update. Holiday stuff and migraines, ya know? Thanks for understanding!
The young man put his bee down beside him without taking his eyes off of their hands. He lifted his other one out to Cas. "D, I cannot wait until the day that I can hold both of your hands, but we need to take this very slowly. You still have some medical things we have to be careful of and I cannot risk your health, D. Soon, friend. Soon we will hold both hands all day if you want. For now, why don't we hold one hand until you fall asleep?"
I know this chapter is a bit shorter, but I foresee the next one being a bit longer.
"Uh, my dad donates a lot to the hospital, so..." Sam blushed and looked down.
As Castiel settled into "the perfect chair" that Charlie had wheeled in from room 364 earlier that evening, he couldn't help but notice Dean fidget in his sleep. His eyebrows would furrow and he would give short gasps. Every now and then he would groan. It was clear his sleep was not peaceful. Castiel was certain that until Dean could process, and grieve, what had happened to him that sleep would never provide true rest.
Dean jumped up quickly, ignoring the pain in his knees from being on them for so long. He sat so their cocks were touching like they were that morning. “Daddy, if I can’t have your cum, then I want to cum. Please?”
"Promise, my sweet omega."
He could hardly stand when he saw what was in the kitchen.
"No, sweet boy, I'm not jealous. I'm just..." he took a deep breath. He didn't know what he was.
"It was here when I bought the house. I like the way it looks, I suppose. I just really hate baths. It's like swimming in your own dirt."
"Hmm... do me a favor?"
“Love you, too, sweet boy. I’m going to get a rag to finish cleaning us up, and then I’ll be right back. We have quite a while before we have to get ready for today.” Dean yawned, nodded, and stretched his arms high above his head before curling down into the bed. Cas kissed his forehead and got up. Right before he got to the door, he turned back, handing Dean his blankie and pacifier. “My baby.”
"Got bacon. Got pie. I'm fine, alpha." Dean smiled and stood. Gabe shot Cas an impressed look. Cas shrugged and smiled up at his omega.
When Dean opened his eyes from his nap, he was pleasantly sore all over. His paci had fallen out at some point and it was just him and his blanket in bed. He sat up, listening for where Cas might have gone off to. He could hear something in the kitchen and hoped that Daddy was cooking.
"After interrogating Alastair, I don't doubt that for a minute."
you gonna help me cum?"
“Yea, seriously. It’s not even a thing. Happy to help.” Dean smiled and waved as he walked out. It was only then that he realized his mistake.
Dean's eye widened for a moment. "Yea, yea... that'd be cool."
Dean pulled him down by putting both of his hands around the nape of his neck. "I guess that's okay." He smiled and carefully touched their lips together. It was still all so new, so... special. Neither one of them wanted to ruin what they were feeling. "But, I've got a problem Cas, and I can't think of another person who I would want to help me with it." Before Cas even had the chance to comment on Dean rutting into his leg, he flipped them over so that he was on top.
Dean clapped once. "Yea, great plan. Okay." He scanned the tops of the aisles looking for different signs. "Okay, I want to look at the posters, pillows, and the entertainment section. I don't know if I've told you this, but I love westerns. Like, I love them."
"Suck, boy."
“I—I don’t know. Whenever there was a thunderstorm back home, I could usually find something to help me calm down. Talking to Sammy, driving somewhere calm in the Impala, something was always there. I didn’t su—do
"Well, I believe that you have two choices. You can go or not go." Dean snorted at the obvious statement. "If you stay home, then we will get in that bubble bath and I will cook dinner and you can have your way with me," Cas knew Dean wouldn't ask for sex, he hadn't this entire time, but it made him laugh nonetheless. "or you can go."
"Well, hello, there."
Dean held onto his hand and looked down. "Protect you." Castiel could hardly hear the whisper, but it hit him like a freight train. This omega, who had experienced God only knows what, wanted to protect this alpha. What a truly extraordinary creature he was.
"I promise. You know you have to be in heat or I have to be in rut for the mating pheromones to make it a permanent bond, right?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not the same as sucking your thumb?” Dean just shook his head. He brought his thumb up to his mouth but Cas gently pushed it away. “No, sweetie. No more thumb sucking. I’ve got something even better for you.”
"No, I need to just get out in the air. Then it won't just be living inside of my fucking head." Neither man moved from their hunched over positions around the other. "There were a lot of other omegas down there. The smell... It was awful. I knew Alastair was a bad guy. We all were. But, I never... I never knew about them. Not until I was one of them. And that started the cycle. Whoever... visited the downstairs... would wear gloves and a condom. They never undressed. Well, not for me. For the other omegas they did. I had asked for it. I told him that I would rather--"
Cas calmed himself and willed his blush to disappear before following behind his omega. "I'm sorry, Dean. That was inappropriate of me."
"It is to a degree. Gabe, you have to understand that the letter D is not necessarily even in this omega's name."
"Yes, if you could just sign this quick little form with your statement on it." Bobby gave Cas a quick wink. Cas had signed this form the day before. Apparently, Sam wanted to see Dean, too.
"Well, I think this is a perfect night to start. Why don't we finish up here, you lay back and let me finish your day off right, hm?"
Cas gave him a small smile. He thought back to the first couple of days that Dean was in the hospital and he would only eat half of his food. He was saving it for someone else who may need it. "Yes, there is plenty of food for other omegas. You can eat as much as you want."
------
Charlie nodded. "It is. Everything seems to be going to plan as far as his mental health. Well... as far as we can tell. He's the only kid we've ever seen with these extreme problems. It's physical. We've had him here for a little less than three days. With the amount of antibiotics and care he has received, the mild infection he had should be gone by now." Before Castiel could question Charlie about the infection, she put her hand up.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, in all honesty, I was just assigned your case." Dean's shoulders dropped a bit. "But, I am so glad I got your case. You're a fantastic person to spend time with, Dean."
"Charlie, what's wrong?"
Castiel took a deep breath himself. "Thank you for sharing that with me. You are so incredibly strong, Dean. I am so proud of you for finding the strength to share that with another person, but also for how well you managed your speech. I'm so proud of you, baby. So, so proud of you."
After Dean showered and ate lunch with Cas, the two finished getting ready and headed out the door. It was like any other time they left together; Dean with a Henley and distressed jeans (from
“Silly boy, I had to get some lube. I felt you tense up. I need to prep you more. Now, you asked to have something in your mouth. Put it back in and I’ll start our timer.” Dean glanced over his shoulder to see Cas clicking on his phone and tossing the lube onto the bed. His brows were furrowed in concentration. In a few short moments, his full attention would be on his baby boy. Dean smiled as he put the boxers back in place.
"Cassie, you didn't even think that the kid would be conscious enough to communicate and instead he's given us a name. I think you need to give him more credit."
Sam chuckled and shook his head. "I'll see you both in an hour. If you can control yourselves." It seemed to Cas that he was trying to come off as stern, but his soft brown eyes and floppy hair prevented that entirely. "I'll text you my address, Dean."
>>To Cas: You are distracting me, daddy. Miss you. And your cock.
"I know, but I need to." For a few minutes, Dean laid on his side with Bee in one hand and Castiel's hand in the other. Eventually, he took in a shaky breath and continued. "He, uh, he grabbed my arm and told me that leaving wasn't one of the options that I had. That I had to choose." Dean's grip was so tight that Cas thought his fingers may break. But that was okay. They would heal. Dean needed his support.
“Yes, sweetie?”
Castiel nodded. "All of our stuff is still packed. Grab any toiletries you need and your jeans. I'm going to get our jackets out of the car."
Sam spoke up next. "It doesn't sound too crazy to believe. How did your parents pass, Dean? If you don't mind me asking."
"Not testy." Dean leaned into the touch. "Pissed."
Dean took a deep breath of the pillow and burrowed further into their nest. "Love you, too, Angel."
No spanking? Then what the fuck? “F-five, Daddy.”
Dean cracked his eyes open as sunlight began to make its way through the window. He smiled as he remembered where he was. He was in Cas’ bed… Daddy’s bed. He couldn’t help the slow smile that spread across his face as he stretched as much as he could. His back popped and as he returned to his original position, he could feel Daddy wrap his arms even tighter around his waist. After last night, there was no more doubting or fear. Cas wanted him just much as he wanted him… Everything was reciprocated. Dean’s confidence was through the roof.
Cas chuckled. "Well, I do not want to put you under any stress. Thank you for offering, though! It's very thoughtful of you."
Castiel stood and put his book down. "Hello, I'm Castiel Novak. I am this patient's rehabilitation specialist from the ODT." He reached out his hand, but did not get the handshake he was expecting.
The omega stared at Cas and then glanced around the room. He always came back to Cas with a skeptical look in his one good eye. His eyes widened for a moment before they settled on the ODT badge that Cas was required to year. His eyes didn't move.
"Getting bashful, Cas? When you're not my daddy, are you a little shy about how fucking massive your cock is and how badly I want it inside of me? Okay, I'll play along. Our bedroom, huh?" He could feel Cas smile as he continued to trail his mouth around his neck.
“Sleep if you need to baby, but remember, you have a to-do list to finish today. My baby has to take care of himself on his day off work. Understand?” Dean nodded. Cas could see his smile playing at the back of the toy. Cas removed it. “Understand?”
"Yea, man, that sounds great! I'll have my people call your people."
The morning that Dean was released from the hospital was hectic- to say the least. Cas got held up in traffic on his way back from buying Dean some clothes, the computer wasn't agreeing with anyone to approve his release, and Dr. Roche was trying his best to convince Chief Resident MacLeod and the rest of Dean's care team that he needed to stay longer. Eventually, after the arguments ended and the chaos settled, Cas found himself helping Dean buckle his seatbelt to go home.
Cas just kissed the top of his head and sat down in his assigned spot.
For one, Dean was up and in the shower before Cas had even managed to acknowledge that it was a new day. Secondly, he came out of the shower dressed in jeans and a black t-shirt rather than his usual boxers and hoodie combo. He had even gelled his hair. He wasn't necessarily in his hyper-mode, but he couldn't stop pacing.
"Hm?"
“For the love of God, Dean.”
Dean leaned up a little before being pushed back down. “Boy, let Daddy take care of you. Let Daddy love you, Dean.” He slowly nuzzled his nose against Dean’s before leaning down to kiss him slowly.
Cas sat down and opened his arms. Dean fell into them without question. “Good boy, remembering what I told you. You know that I love you, dear, but unfortunately, I promised a punishment so I must give it to you.”
Cas rolled his eyes, but couldn't help the smile that crossed his face. "Thank you for everything, Ash. Have a great day."
“Yea, really. Daddy loves filling up his baby. There’s just one problem.”
"It certainly sounds like you know what you're doing. Just keep it up and send me a report once a week and I'll stay out of your hair." Gabe took a big sigh. "So... I'm assuming that you're as anxious to hear about my interrogation as I was to hear about yours." Gabriel finally put the candy wrapper down. He put his elbows on his knees and began tapping his foot.  "Well, you said you don't want any details about the crime scene yet. I can't say that I blame you for that. So, let me tell you about Alastair. This asshole." Gabe gave a humorless chuckle. "For starters, he's a beta."
"Hell, yeah, man. Best pie in the city. I'll split it with you." Gabe commented before Cas could form a response. Gabe stuck his arm of case files out for Cas to hold while keeping his eyes on the lock.
"I can smell you from here. Just get in already." Dean turned away from the shower head and motioned for Cas to join with a finger.
"Is it one of these letters? O?"
"Mom? Gone. Dad? Gone. Foster homes just didn't give a fuck. Ended up with Alastair. And now? Now I find out that I may have a brother who got to get out of the fucking system? It shouldn't, but it makes me so mad! I mean, how could I forget him? How could I be that damn irresponsible? How could I... why was I the one no one ever wanted?" Dean walked up to Cas. His tears were still flowing, but he was full of anger instead of sadness. The omega jabbed himself in the chest. "Why did no one want me?"
Cas sighed. He didn't want to break any trust or make Dean uncomfortable in any way by releasing details of the worst years of his life. "The story that I have is that he knew Alastair as an acquaintance prior to his abduction. When he presented late near his 20th birthday," Bobby and Gabe's eyebrows shot up, "Alastair told him that he was to be his sex slave. Dean refused and was punished for over two years for his decision. Apparently there was sign in the place where he was held that told everyone in the room that Dean was to not be touched during their... time with him." Castiel shuddered. "They were to abuse him as they saw fit without any skin-to-skin contact. I'm afraid that is about all of the information that I can provide."
"I can make some pretty good dinners, although burnt toast is my specialty." Castiel's dry humor made Dean cackle.
Dean shrugged and laid back on the bed. "Well, you can go request to end your contract or whatever. Just... just don't hate me, okay? I'm sorry that I weighed you down with this bullshit. Thanks for helping me get my speech back. I appreciate it."
"No, sweet boy. I do all of that because even without a scent, you are the most infuriatingly resilient, generous, and kindhearted man that I have ever met. Not to mention the fact that you are the most gorgeous person on the planet. No, Dean. I do all of those things because you have me wrapped around your finger, baby, and I would do anything to be able to just sit in the same room as you. You have absolutely ruined me, Dean."
"Once an hour?"
Dean didn't respond at first. He just kept trying to taste his Mate. Cas knew that he needed reassurance and acceptance. He needed for his alpha to let him mark him and bond with him. After a few minutes of quiet, almost sacred nips and bites, Dean reached behind him and pushed Cas' hand into the back of his pants. He moved their arms until Cas was touching his most sensitive place. The omega whispered his almost silent whisper, "Inside, alpha. Need you inside."
"Yes, Mr. Novak?"
Tomorrow I go back to work and I want to keep positing every day, but I doubt that I will be able to tomorrow. Who knows, though? I may surprise myself. I hope that these chapters will get you through until I can post later in the week!
Castiel's heart had never been so full.
"Hey, Castiel! I am so sorry about this morning. It was hectic as all get out. One nurse called out, another was busy with some gross stuff in another room, and-"
Dean inhaled sharply. He could feel Cas' dominance over him in that text. Zero to sixty is how it is then, huh?
Cas let out a quiet growl. He pulled Dean down by the back of his neck and kissed him again. "I love you, sweet boy."
“Motherfucker!” Dean had came without even touching his hole. Fuck. He was looking forward to playing that game with himself. Fucking Cas with his sexy everything.
"How long until he wakes up?" Dean's voice was changing into something softer. It was resigned. Hurt.
Of course, it was a big deal, but Castiel was concerned that people were going to start expecting too much of Dean. And of himself. Once Dr. Roche had left the room and the quiet laughs and hushed words had ceased, Dean quickly fell asleep. Saying those few words completely drained him. Casitel also felt pressure on his job performance because he really couldn't quite take credit for anything that had happened. It was a natural result of Dean receiving touch. He was expecting to hear that Dean needed to be up on his feet, or to form complete sentences, or to care for himself at any moment. Cas may not know some things, but he knew that those ideas were just fever dreams. What if Castiel was blamed and taken off of Dean's case? Cas couldn't let himself think of that.
Castiel could feel Dean's manhood slowly growing against his own. Their breaths were becoming interspersed with quiet groans and gasps. Cas ran his tongue over Dean's lips again before kissing down his jaw. He nibbled gently on Dean's mating gland. The tremors he felt coming from the omega showed him that he was doing something right. The hardening between their legs confirmed that Dean was enjoying himself. Castiel's alpha roared with pride. He could satisfy his Mate.
Sam beamed and nodded.
Cas nodded. He suspected his puppy would come crashing down soon. "Of course, love. I think I'll make some lasagna tonight, okay? Finally have that home cooked meal."
Cas nodded and ignored Gabe who was shaking his head with an exaggerated look of disappointment on his face. Cas knew he was teasing, but it made it difficult to focus nonetheless.
Castiel had never had problems with professionalism before. In fact, Gabriel had told him on more than one occasion that "life would be a lot more enjoyable without that stick up your ass." Something about D's fierce, yet gentle, spirit resonated with Castiel. He never wanted that smile to leave D's face. It was then that he remembered he had signed a two-year contract to take care of this young man.
"Dude, are you loaded?!" Dean knocked the back of his hand on Sam's shoulder.
Dean's shoulders relaxed a bit. "Yea. 'm yours."
"Love, man. Like, actual love. It felt like it was in my fucking bones. It was safety and protection and laughter and all of the fucking things that you shouldn't be able to actually feel. But... I did. And I do every fucking time you walk into this room." The more Dean talked, the quieter he spoke.
Cas shut the bathroom door halfway as he took care of his morning routine. He looked in the mirror and shook his head. His torso and neck were littered with small red and purple marks. He had one territorial omega. He loved it.
"So?" Dean whispered even quieter as he sucked on Cas' neck softly.
Dean stayed on the bed and curled up beneath the blanket. Castiel picked up the pacifier and walked it over to his sweet little boy. He would never get used to this. Dean opened wide and happily accepted the gift. “Feel better?”
The doctor sighed and turned around, plastering a fake smile on his face. "Yes, Mr. Norris?"
"Okay, Daddy." Having Cas' thumb in his mouth was fucking orgasmic. The feeling of his tongue running over the rough pad and his teeth settling around the bottom. Every now and then, Cas would push it in a little further or withdraw it by a bit. It was yummy.
Castiel blinked hard a few times. The room spun. He realized he was still on the floor of the garage, curled up beside of the driver's side tire. He was by the kitchen door and could almost see inside, but it felt like he was miles away. Everything was shifting. Blood was rushing through his ears and he left like he was going to vomit. The concrete was cold and he wanted nothing more than to get up and run and find Dean, but he couldn't. His hands and feet were tingling, so he knew that his feeling was slowly returning, but who knew how long he had already been out cold. Dean was probably far away.
"But our rent can."
Dean had been quite talkative at the beginning of the day, but with the excitement of coming home, meeting Sam, and their alone time, Castiel was sure that the omega had said all that he wanted to say. Dean's words had softened over the past few hours and he was gesturing more than he had been that morning. After all of his years as an omega rehab specialist, Cas knew that Dean would eventually become overstimulated and need a "recharge" period, so to speak. However, it did make him a bit sad to see Dean needing that time even after they had had a good, albeit busy, day. He was hoping that Dean would acclimate to his life even quicker than he had before now that he was living with Castiel. Cas sighed. True Mates or not, Dean was an omega who had experienced a great trauma. He would need time and Castiel was happy to provide it for him.
"She told me that she wished me the best in my endeavors."
"Great." Dean scooted over in his seat so he was as close to Castiel as he could manage. He laid his head on the alpha's shoulder. "You know, for someone so dominant in the hospital the other day, you sure do seem a bit shy, baby."
Castiel shook his head as Dean stared in amazement. "Ellen, you did not have to go to all of this trouble."
He had brought the list in with him and read the next instruction.
Dean tapped his temple with his free hand. Castiel sighed. "Did you have a nightmare?"
He did not look at the omega, but he didn't need to to know that the kid was staring him down. The kid didn't have a scent, but Cas could literally feel the anger rolling off of him. He was sure that if he looked over that he would get a bedpan thrown at him. "My name is Castiel. I'm an omega rehabilitation specialist." The omega rolled over away from him. "Since you don't want me to talk to you, I'll just read okay? Let me know if you need anything." He still didn't look up at the omega. He could see the kid's head look back at him over his shoulder out of his peripheral vision. Castiel was done talking for the moment so he began reading.
With that, Cas kissed Dean’s forehead, promised to be home at three like always, and walked out of the room. He couldn’t wait to get home.
"One minute."
“No, Cas. I’m good. Thanks.” He turned so his back was facing the door way. His three or four hour nap didn't make him forget all the shit that happened before he stomped his way back here.
"Where've you been sugar? I've missed that handsome face of yours."
“Then how about you suck on my fingers until you fall asleep?”
"That you're my omega?"
He pointed to himself. Castiel chuckled. "You're Dean."
--------
“Should I though?”
Cas attempted a few more conversations, but Dean wouldn't respond. He was too busy with his wall-building and worrying. The alpha understood. Looking through his rehabilitation lens instead of his True Mate lens reminded him of just how significant this meeting was to Dean. It had the potential of making or breaking the progress they were achieving so quickly. Well, that Dean was achieving. Castiel felt that he hadn't done much to actually rehabilitate Dean other than letting him scent to his heart's content, but that was what he needed.
Cas sat and he met Dean's eyes. He was sure that if he could smell Dean, he would smell the acrid scent of fearful omega. There were too many unknowns. Too much happening. No food to cushion conversation as they had expected.
Cas kissed down his throat, neck, back, and up again. While Dean was focused on the kisses and the teasing of his rim that he had gotten somewhat used to, Cas pushed his finger all the way in. Dean pushed back on the intrusion and moaned at the feeling of being full. The feeling of being owned by Daddy. Finally. Finally, Daddy was inside of him!
Before Castiel could get both feet in the hallway, he was nearly tackled by a concerned omega. "Alpha, you smell so worried. Are you okay? What can I do to help you?"
Dean laughed. "Yea, 'cause you're doing such a good job now." He wiggled against Cas to prove his point.
The omega nodded his head but would not make eye contact with Cas. Cas squeezed his hand and felt D squeeze back. "I'm proud of you. I'll hit the call button to get some pain meds and maybe then we could play a game?"
“Oh, no, baby. I have something much better planned. How many tasks did leave unfinished?”
Cas figured that it was time to distract him a bit. "Hey, D?"
Damn. This day couldn’t get any better.
Dean simply moaned and continued his little kitten licks over Daddy’s hand until it was clean. “Love you, Daddy.” Dean made sure he said 'daddy' every time that he said 'love.' He had to be careful.
The omega, on the other hand, seemed to know exactly what to look for and where to find it. His eyes darted around and he sniffed. "Well, it's not an antifreeze leak. When's the last time you checked the oil?"
“No, of course not.”
"Good, good. They're about ten minutes out."
"Then just say it."
Dean purred and snuggled in closer.
“One, do not cum without me giving you permission.”
Dean shook himself out of Cas's hold. "Yea, you do, and I love you so much. You'll never know. Never gonna know how much I love you." Dean paused. "Isn't it fucked up though? We met because of some asshole that decided I wasn't worth anything and I'm living with you because I don't have shit to my name and I'm a fucking drop out. Ya know-" Cas wanted to interrupt, but he wanted a black eye even less. Plus, Dean needed to grieve what had happened to him. He needed to process this. "Ya know, I wanted to be a firefighter. Find a husband or a wife, have a couple of pups, white picket fence. Maybe even a fucking dog runnin' around in the backyard. But some damn fire had to come along and fuck it all up."
"It's not going anywhere, Gabe. Slow down a little." Castiel chuckled as he fell onto his couch.
Thank you all so much for your support, comments, and kudos!!!!
"Yes, thank you, Dean." Cas leaned back into the chair and continued listening.
"A job?" Castiel was trying his best not to tear the rail off of Dean's bed. The son of a bitch probably gave Dean over to Alastair.
He felt Cas’ breath by his ear. “Are you ready for Daddy to fill you up, baby boy?”
Cas cleared his throat. “What, um… What would be enough?”
“I would never do that, Daddy.”
"Well then how come I still do it?" Gabe popped a lollipop in his mouth from his pocket and headed out the front door. "Stay safe, Cas."
Dean smirked and sat down. He looked up at Cas and batted his eyelashes. “What do you need me to do now, Daddy?” Oh, no, a punishment of sucking dick. How horrible. Nooo. Psshh. Please.
Dean and Sam were wearing similar expressions to Castiel. The alpha could hear their laughter and feel the joy filling room. While he could not smell either man, he knew that they were beyond happy to have another in their lives again. They pulled back from one another once, but Sam brought Dean back in. Castiel was extremely aware of how much this meant to Dean, so he could only imagine what finding his big brother meant to Sam.
"Yes, sir. I under... I understand, Daddy."
"No."
"Here's what's going to happen, 'mega..." Dean moaned as Cas began sucking a mark onto Dean's scent gland. "I'm going to take you home. You're going to take a nice, long shower. When you get out, you're going to lay on your back on our bed and I'm going to absolutely worship your body." Dean shivered as Cas put a little pressure on his groin with his thigh. "I want every inch of you to know just how much I crave you, 'mega-mine."
Gabriel smiled. "Dean. I told you there really was a D in his name!"
"TV it is."
Once the pie was divided and everyone was settled in their chairs, Gabe rubbed his hands together and turned on his computer. "Alright, so, it looks like we have one of our lawyers coming by at 8 this morning to get some reports. Cas, I'm sure that he's going to need to talk to you to get some information of Dean-o's progress."
The omega shrugged. "Some," he whispered.
"Currently," Castiel coughed and hit his left thigh lightly with his fist, "currently, it is the patient's wish to not introduce touch to his care plan. Thank you for stopping by. Do you mind if I stay past visiting hours? I would like for him to have... someone with him during this difficult time."
Also, that awkward door moment? Yea. I did that when I was 18. Still haven't recovered.
"You know, as a beta, I can't smell all of the different things you alphas and omega can, but I think I have a strong intuition. I certainly knew that I was right about David, even all of those years ago. I can see that you two are meant to be together. Castiel, I must confess that I knew something was wrong with Sam when we adopted him. Well... not
"Well, we are putting together some different witness statements on your case and I believe Sam is doing some school work."
"Well, we never got to test out those other therapy aids. I was wondering if you would like to toss this back and forth." Cas held up a foam ball. It was about 6 inches in diameter and should be large enough for Dean to easily catch.
The omega nodded his head once and lifted his hand. He put it back down. He did this several times and growled. It was clear that he didn't know how to communicate his thoughts or he was hesitant to let Cas know them. Finally, he pointed at Castiel. Then he hugged the bee. Cas tried to understand what he was saying. He liked the toy. He confirmed that and hugged it again after pointing to Cas. "Do--" Cas was still a bit confused. "Do you like me, too?"
"Yea, man, me too. Like I said, I found some newspaper articles, but I don't know if the dates are accurate or if it's actually even them. If I am right, then they both died in Kansas. Mom died on November 22nd, 2001, and Dad died on September---"
Dean blushed a bit. "It's embarrassing."
For the first time since meeting him, D whimpered and backed away from Cas. "I'm sorry, you're not in trouble. You're not getting punished." Castiel was forgetting all of his trauma training right now.
“Good boy. What are they?”
Cas had never really thought about how Dean had been confined to small spaces for so long. He looked forward to going on his usual afternoon strolls around the block with the omega when his strength built up. He was especially looking forward to being in public and letting everyone think that they were True Mates brought together through nothing but happiness and love. Castiel was certainly not embarrassed by the way they met, but he never wanted Dean to have to retell his story to anyone that he did not feel comfortable with. "What do you want to do when we get home? Your wish is my command."
Will they still be able to keep up the game they were playing over the weekend?
"Awesome. Would you like anything in particular?"
"So, uh, Cas... when you... when you gonna fuck me for real, huh?"
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and rested his cheek on his forehead. Sure, he had seen Dean cry, but this... this was different. The omega was heartbroken. He was mourning. The fact that someone had rejected him added on top of everything else broke Dean's heart completely in two and it fueled Castiel's rage. The alpha knew that he needed to keep it under control, though.
"Well, we have made a lot of progress in the last twenty-four hours."
Finally, fucking finally, he heard the door open. “Daddy!” Dean jumped out of bed and ran into the kitchen. He locked his arms around Cas’ neck and sobbed. “Daddy, I was so scared. I didn’t finish my list. I’m so sorry. I slept for so long and, and the power went out, and—“
According to the GPS, they still had a couple of minutes to go before arriving at the Wesson household. Dean took advantage of this and snuggled his nose into the crook of Cas's neck. The alpha leaned his head over and let it rest on his omega's. "I love you, baby."
With a quick peck to Cas's cheek, Dean turned on his interior decorator skills. "When I was a kid, I always wanted my own room to decorate. I thought I would call it 'The Dean Cave.' Now, I don't need neon letters and an arrow like I wanted back then, but I would like something with our initials. I want everyone to know it's ours. Like, have a big letter D and C over the bed. Or on little letter tiles for coasters on the nightstands. Or... something." Dean paused and looked over to Cas. His smile fell for a moment. "O-or is that lame?
"Okay, D. Let's try to get you on the mend."
Before Castiel could say anything else, D pointed to the screen with a couple of hard jabs of his finger. So, Castiel decided to shut up and watch. Maybe there was a news report about Alastair or another omega from the same location that D was found.
ugghhhhhh the friggin' sappiness of this chapter is killing me!!!! I love these two so much. Thank you as always for the comments and kudos! You guys have no idea how much this means to me.
"I hardly think a few hours is enough time to miss my face, Meg."
They got into bed where Dean was definitely the
"I, uh..." Dean paused. "I couldn't forget those dates." The omega took a deep breath. "Their names were John and Mary Winchester. I know because... because they were my parents, too."
"I don't see anything lame about labeling a space as ours, but even if it was lame, who cares? It's ours. They can fuck off. I want everyone to know that we're together." Cas mirrored Dean's smile as the omega turned over to the large monogram letters and grabbed a D, C, and an ampersand. "I think that would look great above our bed, sweet boy."
"Don't," Dean yawned and breathed in Cas' scent again. "Sleep."
At this point, Dean had leaned in closer. He was fully invested in the story. "I'm sorry that you went through that."
Dean knew that Cas was enjoying this as much as Dean was hating it. It was a damn pain in the ass. “I am a nice pers—“
Castiel gave a sad smile. He was so caught up in D's positive attitude that he forgot just how extraordinary his case was. A victim of Alastair's who could still hold his head high. What a man. Omega or not. Cas tried to calm his scent and strolled into the room. "Well, I have some good news!"
Castiel lifted himself up on his elbows and pulled himself forward as quietly as he could. He had to know what was happening. His legs felt like they were on fire.
“You have three rules that you have to follow. If you do not follow them, then you will be punished when we get home.”
“Sure, little one.”
Castiel sighed. He needed to choose his words carefully. "I love how we can talk to one another and sleep through the night and play with Bee. I really do. We have a lot of fun." Dean smiled his toothy smile and nodded in agreement.  "But, Dean, I've noticed that your behavior changes a bit when another person is with us. I was wondering why that happens." Obviously, Castiel knew the need to protect was some sort of internalized response to the trauma he experienced, but he wanted to hear Dean's thoughts on the topic.
Cas opened the door to the garage and quickly grabbed their jackets from the backseat. He let out a sigh of relief. They were safe. They would be fine. As he turned to go back inside, he felt a sharp pinch in his neck.
Around 4, Charlie knocked on the door. D snarled. "She's nice. I like her." Castiel softly said to the omega as he walked across the room. "Is everything okay?"
The three men found themselves in front of the reception desk and Cas noticed that Dean was wiping his palms on his jeans repeatedly. All he wanted was to wrap his omega up in his arms and never let him go, but he knew that that wasn't an option today. Today was one of the biggest days in Dean's life.
He looked back at Dean and reached out his hand. Dean accepted and climbed in with him.
“Okay!”
Cas chuckled. “I know you’re scared of thunderstorms. Anyone with your background would be. Why try to keep that a secret?”
Sorry I took so long to update. In case you didn't know, teaching in a pandemic is literally the worst. Anyways, I will update a lot this weekend!
I completely understand how conflicted you may be this morning. This is the breakfast that I’ve fixed for you, baby boy. If you don’t want to be little today—or ever again, for that matter—I completely understand. Eggs and bacon are in the microwave and a glass of orange juice is on the counter. This is your choice, Dean. I will know what you chose when I finish getting ready for work. If you want me to take care of you, then eat this breakfast and began tackling the to-do list on the back of this page. Otherwise, eat the other and go about your day off as usual. Either way, I respect your decision.
He was going to take away the stress from Dean’s life, well, at least part of it. He would give him an opportunity to let go of some control, make fewer decisions, and be happier. He would give him comfort, discipline, and most of all, a way to cope with his fears without feeling awkward or like an outcast. Yes, that was what needed to happen. As an intern- paid, mind you- at a successful counseling service, he knew that he needed to support his friend in any way possible. Even if that way entailed using the terms “daddy, baby, and suck,” more than the average conversation.
"I do what I can." Cas smiled and kissed Dean's forehead. "Well, how about a compromise. What if we went by Big Lots or another discount store? That way you can get what you want and you won't have to worry about it being way too expensive."
Cas rested his forehead against Dean' hair. "D, do you need to take a breath?"
Dean happily jumped into bed with Bee under his arm. He snuggled up under Cas's outstretched arm and sighed. "Castiel Novak, you sure know how to treat a lady."
Dean, along with Bee, looked expectantly at the bathroom door when Cas came back into the bedroom. "So, are you going to check your email?" Dean hopped out of bed and his smile made Cas's grumpiness simmer down.
The alpha put quiet music on his phone as he began bustling around the kitchen. He tried to stay quiet as he mixed the ingredients and wrestled the stubborn casserole dish into the oven. The damn thing was a menace.
“Yea?”
He must have been thinking for longer than he had realized. Sure and gentle arms wrapped around his waist as he put some mayo on their sandwiches. "'m okay, alpha." Cas noticed that the smell of irritated alpha permeated the kitchen.
"I've never tried it, Daddy. I want to, though. I think it would be the most fun thing to keep Daddy's cock in my mouth while I have my plug inside of me. I keep in my nightstand so it's nice and close, you know. You can fill both my holes at one time. How fun would that be, Daddy?"
, do you understand?" Dean whimpered as Cas bent down and chuckled in his ear. "You're all mine, baby. Whether I'm your daddy or not, you need to show me some respect, don't you think? I'm the only one allowed to touch you any more, so if you're looking to get filled up any time soon, I would be careful."
“That’s right. I’ll always make it okay.” With that, he put his thumb back and kissed the top of Dean’s head.
Dean begins to process some things.
Oh. Ohh.
With that, Cas left.
Sam smiled wide. "Seriously?"
Cas’ eyes grew dark as he put the pacifier somewhere behind him. “Open, baby.” Dean obeyed and groaned as Cas filled his mouth. Two slender fingers almost choking him was better than any pacifier, any day of the week. “Baby, cum however you need to, okay? You took your punishment so well.”
“I know, Daddy.” Dean wasn’t even sure that Cas could hear him since he was talking so quietly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Almost as good as you." Dean gave an exaggerated wink and put his knees up on the couch to serve as a makeshift table.
"Yea, oh." Dean quickly wiped his eye and moved Bee onto his lap. "At the beginning, he was creepy and a little... I don't know. Just off, ya know? Major prick and a fuckin' alpha-complex if I've ever seen one. I didn't care, though. So, I kept working. He also really liked me working for him because I was another beta. I didn't leave a scent behind. He always made comments like 'it's a shame you're not an omega,' and 'so sad to waste those looks on a beta.' I just ignored him. He was never handsy. Always paid me. And tipped me if I did a really good job on an assignment."
Dean walked to the kitchen as quietly as possible. Even though he was definitely the submissive one in all of this, he really loved Cas.. er... Daddy. He wanted a chance to watch him in his element. So, Dean leaned on the door jam, crossed his arms, and just watched. Cas had music playing softly and he flipped the burgers on the stove. He hummed along quietly as he got down two glasses from the cabinet next to the stove. He held one in his hand and Dean could tell he was contemplating if he should get Dean his Batman cup instead.
"Oh, babe! That smells amazing. Thank you." Dean smiles and holds his hands out for the plate.
"There we go. That's better. Dean, you are more than welcome to stay in here with us, but we're going to be talking about a bunch of boring lawyer crap." Dean chuckled. "My intern had to stop at the restroom, but he'll be here shortly. He said that he would love to watch some TV with you or do anything else you may like. He's a young kid and he knows all about the video game mumbo-jumbo. It's up to you."
Nothing else in the world mattered in that moment.
Sam was typing away on his phone. "Actually, I was thinking that to save time and get some lunch, I could get my dad to pick me up on his way home from work. He doesn't work far. It'll be like ten minutes until he gets here. Even though I paid for it, the car is technically in his name and I don't want to leave in the middle of the parking lot."
Then he got to work with a piece of paper and a pen.
Cas turned around, prepared to accept defeat in all its misery. He gasped when he saw that Dean had snuck up behind him. “Dean! You startled me.”
"You don't like nesting?" Cas was a bit perplexed.
“What, Daddy?”
"You know, I shouldn't give this back to you." Castiel smiled and held out the ball.
"Well, hello again, Mr. ODT!" Meg greeted him with a smile and nod.
"But... you would have taken me in if you did know?"
Cas finally spoke. "So, what do you know about this kid, Bobby? I've known Dean for almost a month now and I ever never seen him react this positively to a person. At least not so quickly."
BANG! BANG!
Eventually, Castiel turned left into Maple Acres. He had never been into this housing development, as it would probably take one year of work to make one month's rent. He could see Dean stiffen in his peripheral.
"Then it's a good thing you're here, hm?" With that, the doctor turned away and left Castiel in the hallway.
"Holy fuck." Dean whispered to himself as he got his sippy cup down and filled it with milk. Work was going to be tough as shit.
"Thank you, Castiel. I truly appreciate it and I will let them know as soon as possible." David clapped his hands once. "Now, boys, would you like to help me set the table?" He did not seem to want to discuss this emotional stuff anymore. The scent of pained alpha tried to mix in with the anger. Cas could tell that Mr. Wesson enjoyed escaping difficult situations rather than tackling them head on, like his wife. If Cas had to guess, he would say that it was all Mrs. Wesson's idea to discuss everything before their meal.
Dean turned his head to he side and pouted. "Water's getting cold and my bubbles left."
"Yours."
A couple of hours later, the kid was sleeping and Castiel was making some notes on his report. Suddenly, the omega was shaking and whimpering. His heart rate spiked and nurses came rushing in. Castiel tried to see what was happening, but he was pushed back quickly and medical jargon filled the room. He was lost. He just hoped the omega was okay. Slowly, the heart monitor stopped beeping and was back to a normal rate. The nurses parted and Castiel looked at the omega for the first time.
"Oh, well, if you want. The doctor will be in soon to look over his stitches and bruising. I hope you have a nice morning." The nurse didn't think too much before power walking through the door. Clearly, Dean had left her feeling unsettled.
With that, Castiel was being pulled by his hand towards the lanky beta. "Hi, again, Mr. Novak." Sam stuck his hands in and out of his pockets a few times like he was unsure of what to do when he wasn't talking about the case.
“Baby boy, I know you’re overthinking this. Daddy knows you so well; known you for so long. When you’re scared, you need your Daddy. That’s all there is to it. That’s not complicated. When you’re not scared and you’re a big boy, I’ll just be Cas. But when you need something filling your little-boy mouth and to be held, your Daddy is going to take care of you.”
Cas woke to the sound and movements of an unhappy omega. The clock indicated they had slept until four in the afternoon. He turned on his side and saw Dean's chest rising and falling quickly as his head turned back and forth. This looked like one of the worst nightmares he had had recently.
“You okay?”
Castiel nodded and his chest swelled with pride. "Sweet boy, may I please kiss you?"
Cas grabbed his phone out of jacket pocket. He had four missed calls from Gabriel. "Dean, I have a few missed calls from work. I forgot to let them know we got home safely. I'll be right back."
He couldn’t think at all as he opened his bedroom door to step back into the kitchen.
"Save that delicious smell for when we're at home, okay, baby?" Dean winked and began pushing a cart towards the home goods section.
"Holy shit. Yea, good plan. I almost pissed myself," Dean continued to snicker as he stood and stretched his arms above his head. Cas couldn't resist leaning over and popping his ass. "I like this part of waking up, though."
Castiel thought that he was a fantastically professional and kind doctor. He was so thankful that Dean did not have to deal with any additional sarcasm, arrogance, or general asshole-ish behavior like he did at the hospital.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean came out of the bathroom in a cloud of steam, "Damn babe, I needed that. I didn't realize how fuckin' tense my shoulders were," Dean rounded the corner to the kitchen and saw Cas plating some chicken, mashed potatoes, and vegetables on a plate.
"Fuck!" Dean couldn't remember a time that Cas had ever gotten so loud. "You're a fucking filthy little boy, baby." He pushed Dean forward a bit. "Keep your fingers right there, baby." Dean followed his instructions, curious as to what was coming next. "Fucking... dirty, baby." Then he felt Cas spank his hole. His actual hole.
"Of course, sweet boy. If that's what you need. I want you to go to the dresser, get your blankie, and come let Daddy hold you."
“Dean?” He heard Cas calling him from the other side of the door.
“Yea… I like sucking my paci, Daddy. It feels good.” He shyly ducked down under the covers and closed his eyes.
"Yes, she was. However, her personality was quite different and she had some lapse in memory. In the three months I shadowed on her case, I saw her have to relearn the names of pets, places, and her sister's name. Her sister was in college at the time. She was much more reserved afterwards and jumpier. She ended up fine, but she was certainly a different child than the one that the other little girl described as her bully."
Cas kissed his forehead. "I know. I'm not sure what the results will be, but I have a feeling that this will be a good day."
Cas reached for Dean's hand, but the omega pulled back. "Sweetheart, what are you trying to tell me?"
Oh, boy. Now was time to follow Daddy’s rule! “Yea, I did. They do look pretty cool, don’t they?”
"I like pretty much anything that was recorded before 1990. Especially classic rock."
He looked at his phone and saw it was 2:50. Daddy would be home any minute. Until then, Dean refused to move… consequences be damned.
Cas took his plate and glass over to the kitchen. As he was washing them, his eyes were glued to Dean. Dean slowly moved in circles on the dildo. Soft moans escaped his mouth and his head dropped back onto the back of the chair. "F-feels so good, Daddy."
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel began eating like he hadn't eaten in weeks. He swallowed every bit of slick that Dean gave him. It still didn't have a scent, but it still tasted like heaven to Cas. It was sweet and tasted like something that was still uniquely Dean. He let his tongue and teeth tease all around Dean's rim. After a few minutes, Cas pulled back. "Don't hold back on me, 'mega." He went back to his job and pushed his tongue inside of Dean quickly, over and over.
"I would be part of the change in your care, but it is up to you. I know you are uncomfortable with it. I know you hate it, but D, you need to have touch with another person."
Sam shrugged. "Not really. I was able to find newspaper articles about two deaths that fit their description, as far as age, location, and the timing of me going into foster care."
Castiel was seething. Thank God for scent-muting body wash. "Sir, with all due respect, this patient needs to be your top priority. He needs constant attention and care."
I finally felt like letting the writing juices flow again! I would say I was like Chuck in that last episode, but I'm not a dick, so... Yea, I'm not salty at all.
"Thank you so much, Angel."
“That’s not enough!”
Cas tilted Dean's chin up so their eyes were locked on one another.
Dean ran his hand under the water and checked to see if it was warm. It was comfortable for him, but Daddy said to make it hot. Naturally, Dean had to listen so he turned the handle a little more. He stepped into the shower and placed his pacifier on the soap ledge. That was for later. For now, he needed to get clean before he could pleasure himself in any way.
Dean nodded quickly. "Yea. Yea, please?"
Dean reached his hand out for Cas to hold. Of course, Castiel took it without question. "Bad."
“Perfect, angel. Now, you go get started. I’ll be waiting for you when you get back.”
Their day would begin by Dean snuggling deeper into Cas's chest and silently begging for him not to get up yet. Ultimately, Cas would relent and hold him for a few minutes longer before starting up a pot of coffee. The alpha would run his hands over Dean's back and chest while the omega would purr quietly. This usually led to Dean pulling the blanket up to their chins and wrapping one of his legs around Cas.
Dean gave a quick nod. He did not take his eyes off of the nurse until he was in the bathroom. The nurse looked questioningly at Castiel and he didn't know what to do except shrug. "If you want, I can help him back to his bed," Cas offered. The poor woman looked scared shitless.
"That's him, huh?" Ellen's quiet voice shook him out of his thinking. She was rarely quiet.
As he walked down the hallway, Dean began thinking of whether or not tt would have pissed him off more if he has told him to grow up. It probably would've hurt worse, but he knew how to deal with that. Dean was clueless about what he was feeling right now. What was worse? There was no way to stay mad at someone for being a good friend. He was going to have to figure his own shirt out.
"So hard for me, omega." Cas tilted his head down and caught Dean's lips in a kiss as he moved their hands around his shaft. Dean sucked in a breath as Cas led his hand up and down, twisting at the top. While they continued to stroke Cas's cock, Cas's other hand cradled the back of Dean's head.
"I am fine, thank you, Gabe. Dean do you need anything?" Cas rubbed his thumb over Dean's knuckles.
"That I know what?"
"Yours is already on the table with your drink, baby."
Thank you for being so wonderful!
“…Um, yea… Yea, I do.” Dean licked his lips and looked up at Cas’ mouth. It looked so tempting.
Castiel pulled into the garage carefully and shut off the engine before closing the door. He and Dean decided it best to leave the garage light on at all times and due to its small space, there was no chance anyone was lurking around a corner. Besides, Hanscum and Mills would have handled anything that may have gone badly in their absence. It was just hard to enjoy the calm after such difficult weeks.
"Ah!" Dean reached back and pushed Cas deeper. He began grinding back and letting out half-moans and half-sobs. "Al... alpha... fingers," another moan, "please."
Dean shyly nodded. "I don't have a phone, but, uh..."
Dean was too high on endorphins to realize what he was saying. "Well, yea, I love you, you idiot."
Since checking his email only took about five minutes, Cas decided to sit down and watch some TV. He had been hooked on Orange is the New Black lately and he was excited to watch the next episode. Right as he was about to press play, he heard something move in the bedroom.
"Hey there." Dean smiled and ran his eyes down Cas' face and chest.
Castiel was sure that there must have been a gas leak or something similar in the doctor's office. There was no other reason that he should be crying this much. It wasn't a sobbing, from deep-down-in-your-gut cry. It was a free-flowing tears and laughter cry. Celebrations and togetherness. Watching Dean hold his little brother, one of the missing pieces in his life, made Cas's heart swell with pride and happiness. He found his family. The odds were incredible, but Dean seemed to be an omega with a penchant for giving the odds a kind "fuck you."
"Sure, we never did have an actual meal last night, did we?"
Dean went down as far as he could. The taste of strawberry almost overpowering the taste and scent of his Daddy. He sucked as hard as he could, but he knew that he couldn't move his head up an down. Not with the dildo ramming into his prostate with every fucking move he made. So, Daddy was generous and held his head where he wanted it as he fucked into his mouth. Or, as Daddy called it, his other hole. Soon, Dean could feel Cas' pumping come into his throat. He was so out of it that he didn't even realize that he was greedily swallowing every ounce and grinding on the dildo. Cas pulled out and sighed. Dean was a wreck. His face streaked in tears, cum, and a little strawberry filling. His skin was flushed and his body was shaking.
Dean nipped at Cas's scent gland as a response. "I'm okay," he repeated.
Also, I know this chapter is very short, but I'm trying to get back into the head space I was in when I started writing this, and it is proving to be a bit more difficult than I had anticipated. I'll post some time later this week!
Dean shivered. His mind had officially broken. He couldn’t think. He could hardly breathe. Cas was going to… Cas was… Daddy… “Yes, Daddy. Yes! I can take it like a good boy!” He shivered as he felt Cas spread his cheeks. “C-can my mouth be full, too?”
Cas wrapped the blanket around Dean's shoulders and cupped his face in his hands. "You are my perfect omega." Dean rolled his eyes. "Say it. Say that you are my perfect omega."
"You have." Dean's voice startled Cas and Suzanne. The omega walked over, sat, and took Suzanne's hands in his own. He cleared his throat a few times and Castiel appreciated the woman's patience. "I grew up too fast. I was never really just a kid. I never had that luxury. You... you gave that life to my little brother and I will always owe you my life for that. But maybe..." he paused as Mrs. Wesson choked back a sob. "Maybe we can be a part of each other's lives now." Dean's voice trailed off at the end of his sentence. Castiel knew that those walls were strong and fortified. It would take a lot to break them down completely.
I know this sounds like the end, but it is most definitely not. It is just the end of Dean's panic :)
"Right, I apologize." Castiel tried to settle further into the couch and to stay calm.
"Hmm, good, baby boy." Dean's eyes widened as he looked at Cas. Was this asshole going to look his way? At the same moment, Dean realized that Cas was finished with his food. So, he grabbed the fork and began to get some chicken. That got him a light slap to his cock.
As he turned towards the bathroom, Cas thought to himself "I will never get used to that." Dean was standing with his forehead pressed into the shower wall as he let the water run down his back. His eyes were closed and his lips were parted slightly. His muscles flexed as he stretched his arms above his head.
Cas removed the pan from the burner and turned around. “Dean, I need to us to talk like adults for a minute.”
Castiel smiled and pulled Dean closer.
Dean looked down before shifting his eyes over to Suzanne. "So... you didn't know I even existed."
Castiel didn't think much of the comment because a lot of patients with emotional trauma needed to be reminded of various social constructs. It seemed to make a world of difference to Dean, though. He breathed out slowly and gave Charlie a small smile. He almost looked shy. He nodded his head once. "Well, I am looking forward to see you get stronger and stronger, Dean. I'll leave you to rest."
Dean opened the bathroom door and giggled.
Endorphins gone.
Dean could hardly breathe when he felt the heat and thickness of Daddy’s cock touching his own. Cas began jerking them a little faster, but he never slowed down the attack he had made on Dean’s mouth. At this point, Dean had all of the closed-mouth kisses he wanted. He decided to be a little daring and licked Daddy’s lips and absolutely did not squeal as the other man parted his lips. Suddenly, their tastes mingled and morning breath was a thing of the past. Dean’s fingers wove into Cas’ hair and began bucking his hips up to meet Daddy’s hand. Dean didn’t want to talk and break the kiss, so that was the closest warning he could give that he was close. Cas seemed to understand and nodded his head slowly enough so their kiss was not disturbed.
Dean shrugged one shoulder.
"Uh..." Dean felt the rush of blood to his cheeks and his cock.
"However, if you knew of a big, strong alpha that would like to celebrate my homecoming somehow while I was in the shower... well, I can't say that I oppose." Dean smirked as he turned to face Cas.
Dean pointed to Bee. "That's Bee."
"Okay... okay... Our bags are still packed. I'll get Dean and we'll be ready to go as soon as they get here."
Cas nodded and tried not to let his alpha rage show. How could anyone not immediately seek Dean out to comfort him and protect him? He probably presented late because no one was taking care of him.
"Cas... can you... fuck, I don't know. Just do what you think I need." Dean had all but collapsed on the wall during Castiel's onslaught. The alpha smiled and kept slowly licking and sucking all of the slick that he could out of Dean's hole. His Mate was such a trusting omega.
Cas didn't realize it, but by the time they were in their room, he was squeezing Dean's waist tightly. "I am so glad that you have so much in common with him, D." The alpha smiled, but he knew that it didn't meet his eyes.
Cas growled and pushed Dean's hips back so his hole was exposed. "And I love you. Please tell me that I can eat you, baby boy."
"It was my pleasure. It's rare for something like this to happen, so I am glad to have been a small part of it." With a nod, he left the room, chart in hand.
"Alone, indeed. So, we're sitting there at the booth and things are going as well as awkward first dates can go. Then Kali shows up and drops a condom on the table and tells us that Gabe sends his regards."
"Let's get you home, 'mega-mine." Cas whispered and could tell from Dean's quick nod that his hyper-puppy stage was slowly leaving and his quiet stage was coming. He really didn't want Dean to fall into his quiet stage again. He knew that it was healthy for Dean to do whatever came naturally, but he couldn't help but feel like Dean was having more and more of these periods of silence. Cas was concerned that it would start up one day and not stop.
Dean flopped back onto his back. "Ugh, fine. But that's it! You can't even brush your teeth!"
Castiel grabbed him by the arm. "Excuse me, doctor, why do you seem to be so flippant about this patient's condition? I understand that I am an external resource, but we should work together for the wellbeing of this young man."
Fuck.
"Really? That's awesome, Dean! Thank you so much!"
When Dean exited the bathroom, he grabbed a pacifier from his room and walked into the living room. Cas’ back was turned to him, as he was sitting on the couch watching some documentary. Dean walked around the couch and was about to sit down where he had been instructed, but what he saw made him freeze. Cas was sitting with his legs spread slightly with his manhood standing at attention. What the fuck. This was not a punishment at all. Seeing Daddy’s cock? Fuck yea.
With that, Cas walked back to the kitchen, leaving Dean hard and frustrated in the hallway. “You dick!”
Dean laughed a real laugh. "Do I still get to have my way with you if I choose to go?"
"But you said he growled at the letter T. That rhymes with D."
Dean pulled his mouth away. "Castiel Novak, are you asking to court me?" Dean's smirk made Cas chuckle.
Cas blinked a few times and yawned. "Can I pee first?"
"Well," Cas rubbed the nape of neck with his hand. "I honestly don't know when I'm going to be able to begin working on his speech/language stuff. I am consistently reinforcing his facial expressions with words, like saying "I'm happy, too," or something like that. I'm working to figure out his gestures. I am planning on starting some fine motor skills therapy this afternoon with block puzzles. Frankly, I'm a bit shocked at how well he seems to be handling things. Most people in his shoes would be catatonic."
"Fuck... yea... Yea, that's a good plan." Dean moaned softly and poked his tongue out to lick Castiel's finger.
Dean laid there, mouth agape, as he stared into Cas’ eyes. “Y-“ He had to swallow because his mouth was so dry. “Yes. Fucking yes, baby.”
This shirt was only part of the nirvana Dean found himself in after he and Daddy had finished their… “playtime.” The blanket Cas had bought him was gripped in one hand, the toy squirrel tucked into his elbow. He knew he wasn’t supposed to suck his thumb anymore, but it just felt right. It felt right to lay down, hold his soft toys close, suck his thumb, and drift into unconsciousness as he waited for Daddy to come back.
"Then I get to do what I just did in there over and over. I don't mind that at all." Castiel grinned as he felt Dean shiver against him.
With the moment spoiled and the reminder of where the hell they were at, the two men looked at one another and burst out into laughter. "I.. I definitely forgot about that."
"That's fair."
He filled his bag with the essentials- pens, the case files, a notebook, some picture cards, a stuffed animal, and some crayons. These were usually the materials he used for elementary-aged patients, but someone with no touch would have severe setbacks with their communication. Mentally, they had whatever vocabulary they had before the abuse began. The problem was neurological. The left-hemisphere of their would begin shutting down. The axons and dendrites wouldn't allow them to communicate properly. Aphasia had been recorded in some instances. They could understnad information but they could not communicate back. Sure, they could grow to be what was considered average for their age, sometimes even well-above average, but it would start with short words. And who knew how long that would take?
Dean continued his pouting and used his nose to dig his way between Cas's bicep and the side of his chest. The omega attempted to say something, but his voice was too muffled. Cas got the idea, though. Dean did not want them going anywhere. "Well, then, omega-mine, how about you keep our spot on the couch warm and I make us something really quickly, okay? Maybe we could have some fast sandwiches and chips?"
Cas's eyes followed the omega as he walked the length of the kitchen and back again. "At 11. We will leave here in about an hour."
Cas chuckled. "Well, thank you. I'm sure my morning breath would beg to differ."
Looking back, Dean supposed it was never about the thumb-sucking alone. It was about feeling safe, comforted, and full in all of the right ways. It completed him when he was at his most vulnerable. So, when Cas promised to fill him up in a way he was too scared to ask for himself, Dean tensed up in pleasure and anticipation. It was going to happen. The man he had loved for years was finally going to open him up and give him what he wanted.
"Well, we would need to, um..." Cas cleared his throat. "We... I... you would need to, um.."
The omega whipped his head towards Castiel and shook it back and forth quickly. He looked panicked, as if the information he found would slip away at any moment. His eyes darted around the room. He gave a frustrated snarl and then his eyes landed on Castiel's ODT badge. He pointed to it again and huffed. "The D in my badge--- oh, D! Did they say your name?" Castiel got excited and smiled as D nodded his head quickly.
"I'm sure he does. I don't know of anyone who would be disappointed to have you in their life." Cas frowned at the small huff Dean gave. He walked over and lifted Dean's chin.
"Well, that's cool man. I know a few things about cars that I picked up when I worked..." the omega paused and cleared his throat, "at a job I had a while back. I'll take a look at it when we finish up here, okay?"
Dean looked up and hit Castiel with a sharp gaze. "Are you kidding me? Why would you want to be tied down to me? You can't smell me. You don't have any obligation to me other than what's in the contract you signed to be my ORS. After everything I just told you about my life- do you really think I wanted to let you know about this damn bond? It would've hurt less when the contract is up. You don't need a fucked up omega leeching off of you for the rest of your life."
“I don’t want you to forget who you belong to, Dean. I own you and I mean that.”
Castiel sat there with his mouth agape. True mates? As in mates that were bound by the very essence of their fucking souls? He could hear himself trying to talk, but it just came out as short noises that sounded a little bit like words and a little bit like a wounded animal. The idea of true mates was nearly obsolete. There were still cases of true mates, but there were less and less every year. Cas could recall maybe three headlines or so in the news over the past few months. He had never once thought that he may be one of the few in the entire world that found his Mate.
Cas lifted Dean's chin up and kissed him gently. It was not meant to arouse, but to comfort. "If you could see what I see right now, then you would agree that you are an absolutely beautiful man. My omega."
"Oh, darling, he'll be fine. Unfortunately, we have to get going. We have somewhere to be. People to see. Services to provide... I'm sure you understand how your absence has impacted the company. With no whore to relieve stress during Alastair's detainment, life has been quite... tense." Roche's voice sounded even more irritating than normal. The beta loved hearing himself talk and Cas wanted to rip his throat out.
"Well, my rut is in around six weeks or so. Mid-February. Until then," the alpha rolled them over so Dean was straddling him, "how about we go get some stuff for you to help make this house your home, too, hm?"
Castiel could smell that bullshit from a mile away. "Dean, please be honest with me. What did you mean?"
“You little slut of mine. Daddy will give you what you need. You need to remember what you are, don’t you?” Between his words, Cas bit and licked Dean’s ear and neck.
Well, time for task two.
"Will you tell me what the nightmare was about? I don't need to know details, I promise, but maybe just saying what it was about will help you feel less threatened by those memories."
Dean and Cas finally get some privacy.
Cas kissed the top of his forehead and pulled him into his chest. "And I love you." Dean's hair continued to collect Cas's tears. of thankfulness, sadness, and adoration.
"Hey, will you go get me some water?"
Castiel saw Dean jerk back and bring his arms around front. The omega delivered one quick upper cut to Roche's balls before jumping to his feet. A pair of handcuffs dangled from his wrist. The doctor screamed again and fell to his knees.
spoon.
Ahhh I know that this was a long wait for a chapter that is not my favorite, but it has to happen before we get to one of my favorite parts of the story. Thank you for being patient!!!!!
"Dean says... well... I know... we are True Mates." Castiel waited and held is breath for an answer.
"Dean... we... not here... I..." Before Castiel had the chance to make a coherent sentence, Charlie burst through the door.
Then the cafeteria staff arrived with Dean's breakfast. He immediately went rigid and placed himself between them and Castiel. Cas looked over at him and saw his upper lip raised on one side and he could hear an extremely quiet growl. Much like the nurse, the cafeteria staff put down the tray quickly and got out of room 327. As soon as the door shut, Dean relaxed and smiled over to Castiel. Cas was surprised the kid didn't have whiplash from those mood changes.
"Don't apologize, Dean. That sass is one of the reasons I want to be with you. You just need to remember when to be a good boy. So, I'm not going to spew out random kinks until I find one that we have in common. We're going letter by letter and figuring out something we like or don't like. If you're honest with me the entire time, then I have the most wonderful surprise for you." Cas sat up and settled his ass right over Dean's cock. His smirk told Dean that he definitely knew what he was doing. "Do you want me to stay here, or us just lie down and talk?"
The omega dipped his head below the water and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. "I dunno. Havin' fun." He gave Cas a toothy grin laid his head back on the rim of the tub.
Cas turned on the documentary, which was something about coral reefs, and ate his sandwich as well. Slowly, the sandwiches disappeared, the plates moved to the coffee table, and, somehow, Dean's feet ended up in Castiel's lap. Cas was happy to slowly massage the stress of their day out of his omega.
"Well, aren't you a saint?" Dean smiled and leaned back in his chair. He did not let go of Castiel's hand. In fact, it seemed like he was trying to hold their hands in position that would allow him to scent Cas if he needed. The alpha stepped a little closer to help him out. "Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it."
“Love you, too, baby boy. Now, go, before the hot water runs out.”
"I know what I am ready for." More licks and nips found their way to Castiel's throat.
"Did you find out anything?"
"Yes, Daddy." Dean groaned as the first few inches pushed their way into his hole. It felt familiar and comfortable, but so new at the same time. He lifted up and sat back a bit. The best he could figure, he was about halfway down and his cock was about halfway up. It made sense.
Roche's yell cut through the sound of his pounding pulse.
Thank you again for all of the comments and support! You can fit so much dopamine into one of those bad boys.
Instead of growling like he did when the first met, Dean shivered pleasantly at the sound of his designation. "My best alpha." Dean turned his head and began giving Cas a matching mark on the other side of his neck.
Castiel ran over the list of names quickly in his head. "D... Dean?"
"I would never do that to you. I am never going to punish you. Here, I brought a couple of books for us to read together. Can I read you a story, Dean?"
D quickly nodded twice and shook their hands roughly side to side. He looked up at Cas with nothing but happiness shining in his eyes. Castiel didn't know how long this moment would last, but he couldn't take his eyes off of D to check the time. It was a perfect experience. Two perfect strangers making the discovery of a lifetime.
D's smile went away for a moment but returned quickly. He grabbed the bee and thrust it into Cas' other arm. "Do you want me to hold bee?"
She gave a tight smile. Castiel could tell that she trying to keep from crying. Ellen had a daughter, Jo, but she lived one state over. So, Castiel and Gabriel became her surrogate sons. Cas had a strong feeling that Dean would be brought into the family soon enough. She walked over to the small room that served as her office and Cas could see her grab a tissue to dab her eyes.
"Babe, no!" Dean fell back on the bed and covered his face with the hood of his jacket. "No, you did not!"
Dean let out a light giggle. "Daddy, you know I like those things. One of them lets you be my Daddy and the other lets you fill up my special place. Those are my favorite things."
Dean heard a whispered "fuck," under Cas' breath and looked back over his shoulder.
"Gabriel! That's so inappropriate for you to ask. You're the overseeing agent for this case!"
He fell down. He saw dark. He heard his omega growl.
Cas jumped. "Dean, how long have you been awake?"
Dean looked down and smiled as Cas continued to slowly dry his hair. "Nah, maybe hot- on a good day- but not beautiful."
"Seriously, though. You know that I think you're wonderful, sweet boy."
Once Dean had been asleep for a little while, Castiel carefully climbed out of the bed. He went into the bathroom and splashed some water on his face. "Get a grip, man," he said to himself as he patted his face dry. He felt heat in his cheeks as he looked at the dark purple mark Dean had left on his neck. He was usually very reserved with his partners, but his Mate made him want to throw caution to the wind and dive deeper into their bond. He ran his fingers over the mark and shivered.
At first, he wasn’t sure if he had fallen asleep or if it had all been a dream. However, once Dean stretched and felt the soreness in his back and the looseness in his shoulders, he knew that Cas had taken care of him. Cas… where had that bastard gotten off to?
"Of course, baby."
Castiel”
"What? He scared me." Cas defended himself before pulling the covers back for Dean to join them.
Gabriel grunted in agreement. "I'll let you go, man. Best of luck today. I am going to put out some feelers about the letter D lead, though, and see if gets us anywhere."
When he was done, the two men left in 327 began laughing. The laughter brought tears to Castiel's eyes, but so did the happiness he felt when he heard Dean's voice. It was surreal and he wasn't sure he had fully processed what had just happened. Dean was silent again. He was still laughing, but he was looking at Castiel with a satisfied look on his face.
Roche ran his hand through Dean' hair and pulled it back roughly. "Well, now this is the omega I was hoping to find these past few weeks. I knew you loved it."
Dean shook his head as his failed to suppress a yawn. "Come on in."
"Yea, sweet boy, sleep." He kissed up his omega's jawline and bit his ear lobe gently. "You'll need your rest." Dean shuddered and climbed off of Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas's heart broke in two when he saw Dean. The omega had given all of the fight that he had. Now he was huddled on the bed as small as he could get. Bee was clutched to his stomach and Cas' coat laid over him. As soon as Cas entered the room and Dean picked up his scent, he went still and began crying.
Maybe that meant Cas loved Dean just as much.
Castiel laid down on their bed and turned down the comforter for Dean to join. Their bed. What a beautiful concept.
"Yes, Daddy. Anything for you, Daddy."
Dean groaned and laid his head back on the couch. Now he had a raging hard on. Great. Just great.
"Dude, I know. Same thing as a couple days ago. I've already gone through all of this. Gimme a minute."
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's waist from behind as the alpha perused the multitude of games. Many alphas hated having their mates stand taller than them, but Cas was enamored with the difference. "I want you and me to take a bath. One with that really fancy bubble bath stuff that's under the sink."
"Sure." Dean seemed to relax a bit at the clear directions.
After what was probably only a few seconds of silence, but what felt like an eternity, Bobby spoke up. "Come again?"
Dean shrugged. "Whatever." It was clear that Dean wanted Cas to tell him what to do, or to agree that he was weak, but that was not Cas's place and it was not true.
(See the end of the chapter for
The three men walked out of the building and remembered that, while they have much to celebrate, Sam's car was still on its last leg.
"Your hand?" Dean's words were becoming a bit slurred. It seemed like he was becoming intoxicated on the scent of Castiel's arousal. The alpha hoped that he would do the same when he could smell Dean.
"Of course not, Dean. I'm your partner."
The two sat in silence for a few miles before Dean spoke up, "Oh, actually, before anything, I need a good shower. Get the hospital 'ick' off of me."
"Yes, ma'am." He hated the way she spoke so clinically. However, he knew that without proper emotional distancing that a nurse could get hurt if they were too close to a patient. He had seen that more than once in his mother.
Dean’s face went blank and he knew all the color drained from his face. “My what?” Play it cool, play it cool, Winchester. This guy may have had his fingers up your ass, but you're a man, damn it.
Dean nodded with a sad smile. "Yea. That's normal. I didn't present until I was almost twenty." Castiel's eyebrows shot up. That late of a presentation was almost unheard of, especially in omegas. "Went my whole life thinkin' I was beta. In the back of my mind, I figured that if I did present late, it would be as an alpha. I mean, hell, I'm taller than you. When I get back in the gym, I'll be able to kick your ass."
Dean nodded his head quickly. Yes, yes, yes, he knew how slutty he was when it came to Cas. He had ridden more dildos than he was ready to admit thinking of those blue eyes and firm hands. After giving his ass a playful smack, Cas dove back in. Dean wasn’t sure, but he thought he could feel three fingers in him. It was stretching him beautifully and with the combination of the boxers in his mouth, he could honestly say he had never felt this full or complete. If only Daddy would let him cum. His rim was being stretched and Cas was moving so every third push or so, his fingers brushed Dean’s special place. Dean jerked every time. “You feel that baby? Feel me hitting your special spot? Makes you want to cum, doesn’t it, baby?”
He didn't think that Cas realized it, but he was thrusting his hips up. It was so shallow that Dean wouldn't have noticed if his head hadn't been down there. But his head was down there. And he fucking noticed.
"Get your ass back in the chair before we do something to get you actually arrested." Dean smiled and pushed Cas lightly on his chest.
“I’m a nice guy, cause I…” There is a literal perfect penis in front of his face and he can’t have it. Motherfucker! “Cause I always open the door for the old ladies that live in the building,” Yea, talk about old ladies. Make your own dick go down. “I make pies for people when they’re sick, and I, uh, I volunteer at the animal shelter sometimes.”
Castiel slowly dried off around Dean's cock and slipped the towel between his legs. The omega was still soft and Cas smiled as he gave the head a kiss of its own. Dean just gave a smile in return and cradled Cas's left cheek in his hand. He ran his thumb over Cas's cheek bone and gave a small thrust of his hips. The alpha kissed Dean's head again before moving up and down the shaft. He was starting to harden a bit, but Cas stopped. "Would you like to go lay down, baby boy?"
“Daddy still wants you. Owns you.”
Dean pouted and picked up Bee. "But we'll miss you. So, so much."
"That is more than okay. We need to get this brother of yours fully mobile again." Dean breathed a sigh of relief and turned to Sam. Cas wanted to tuck him under his arm and hold him until he remembered just how precious of a partner, friend, and omega that he was.
Also, please leave comments with where you would like to see this go! The plan I have is to extend this work to roughly 15,000 words and I have a lot of ideas. However, I can always use some inspiration!
The kid instantly went rigid and lifted his head slowly, baring his teeth and growling. He looked like a rabid dog. "I will never touch you without your consent. The doctors are coming soon to see how your body reacts. D, I would be honored if you would please hold my hand." D sat the bee down and sat up to his full height. Cas was right, he was tall. If he ever got some meat back on his bones, this would be an omega that could fuck someone up. The growl got louder. Cas backed up. He didn't want to threaten the kid.
"Until I see more evidence that this patient is improving, I think that you are too personally involved. I am going to ask MacLeod to request a new ORS for this patient first thing in the morning."
Cas chuckled and sat up behind him. "So testy, D." He pulled the omega back against his chest and kissed his neck gently.
“Ah, ‘Don’t Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus.’ That’s a good one.”
"Thank you, alpha. Thank you. So good to me, alpha." Dean continued spewing out random words of praise the rest of the ride back. He also snuck some kisses on Castiel's wrist, but the alpha wasn't going to say anything to make him stop. He had seen Dean upset and angry, but this seemed to be an actual panic attack. Hopefully, that True Mate scent would work its magic.
"Just a little bit?"
There had been no other days like today. This day was much more special than all of the other ones. Today was the day that they went to the doctor to find out if he and Sam were brothers. Castiel could feel the nervous, but excited, energy flowing throughout their home. Castiel knew that his mate was on pins and needles waiting for them to leave.
"Yes, really. We can stay home." He was struggling to focus on the road, but thankfully, the medical complex wasn't too far away from their house.
"C'mere." Dean reached his arms out and Cas fell onto him carefully. He didn't care about the mess that they had made. It was a piece of art, as far as he was concerned.
"Oh, really Daddy?"
"Cas, I'm fucked up more than you realize. I told you what happened in that basement, but it's so much more than that. I did shit before I went into that basement. Agreed to shit in that basement. I... you don't need this bullshit, man!" Dean ripped his hands away from Cas's and turned around. He leaned his head back so he was looking at the ceiling. "Motherfucker!" Cas watched as Dean's hands ran through his hair and settled into fists by his sides.
"Well, these are good people and--"
Dean chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Cas, I want you so bad right now.” He lifted his hips to prove his point.
Cas smirked and gripped Dean’s wrists tighter. “You’re my baby.”
"Mhm. And then maybe we can nest for a while?"
"I know, babe."
"I-I mean... that was... Daddy, I needed that. You treat me so good, Daddy."
“Oh, absolutely.”
“Me! I’m your good baby boy, Daddy! Now stop!” Dean calmed his laughing and Cas stopped tickling him and ruffled his hair.
All three men, all over six-feet tall, followed the five-foot-three, petite nurse back through a maze of hallways. Castiel was sure it looked a bit odd. It must have resembled a tea-cup chihuahua leading a pack of mastiffs.
"Well, when you put it like that. Poor kid was surrounded by-"
Dean moaned at the thought. What else did Daddy want to fill his mouth with? What if this turned sexual? Cas… well, “Daddy” was making Dean’s wet dreams come to life. Daddy… Cas… His Daddy? Yea. He could get on board with this.
"In the nightmare, I saw my imaginary friend. I totally forgot that I had one when I was a kid, but around the time my mom died, I started to have an imaginary friend named Sammy. So, I think just hearing the same name or something must've like... I don't know..." Dean trailed off. Cas was sure that he was doubting himself again.
"I don't know. I certainly hope so. Anyone who suffered so much and made it through to the other side deserves to be heard. Even if it's just a comment about the weather."
"He, um... he shared some information with me and I think it would be unethical to continue serving him in the capacity that I am now." Cas rarely bit his nails, but he was certainly worrying his thumbnail at that moment.
"Oh, before I forget, do you have the original ODT External Specialist form? I think an Captain Gabriel Something-or-Other sent it in originally? I remember scanning it in, but I can't find it on this damn machine for the life of me."
The omega hummed. He wrapped his arms around Cas' middle and rubbed his nose up and down Castiel's scent gland. "Smell good," Dean whispered.
Castiel cleared his throat and dabbed his eyes. He wasn't the one who had experienced any of this and yet, here he was, falling apart, while the man who did suffer was chilling out in the next room. "As far as his mental state and communication, he was extremely aggressive and he could not verbally communicate at all. He could growl, snarl, and scream. He was, however, able to communicate his needs through gestures. He performed quite well in speech therapy. He was able to ask and answer questions, identify his emotions, and even joke around."
“I, uh… When Charlie told me ‘thanks for helping today,’ I said that it wasn’t a big deal and that it didn’t really matter that I had helped. You, you told me to say ‘you’re welcome.’ I downplayed how hard I worked. I broke that rule.”
Dean didn't answer.
At this point, Castiel knew the drill for getting Dean to wake up safely and without throwing a punch or two. The alpha lifted his wrist to Dean's nose and remained still. After a few seconds, Dean's breathing slowed and his head stopped turning. His nose settled onto Cas's wrist and he took in a shaky breath. Cas moved a bit closer and cupped Dean's cheek in his hand. "Hey, D. Wake up, sweet boy. It's just a nightmare. You're here. You're safe."
Nothing.
"Well, I'm just going to have to work extra hard to make you see just how perfect that you are. Every inch of you." Cas continued drying Dean off and left light kisses behind the trail made by the towel. When he got to Dean's groin, he looked up from his position on the floor. "May I?"
"Do you want me to hold you, sweetheart?" Castiel thought he would spontaneously combust if Dean said no. Those sick bastards. They stole his omega's innocence and happiness. He needed to protect and comfort his omega. Or, the omega, he should say.
Castiel laid back in his spot and dried his eyes. "Oh, Dean. That was hilarious. I am so proud of you. You really are the best patient I could have ever asked for. Please don't say anything else if it causes you pain. You did so well."
Instead of going to the restroom, Cas walked over to the nurses' station again. He found the nurse he spoke to earlier when he arrived. "Excuse me, ma'am?"
"First of all, you need to understand how touch-starved this kid is. He is fighting for his life at this point. He screams when other people try to touch him and he has been extremely aggresive. His brain won't turn off his fight or flight response. I truly think that the only reason he didn't try to attack me was because I wasn't wearing a uniform and I didn't smell like the hospital. Until he allows to someone to touch him, you know that his healing process will take ten times as long." Cas sighed heavily as he turned onto the highway.
Castiel turned around with the sandwich plates in hand and smiled as he watched his omega walking around with nothing but his boxers and a hoodie on. The omega's quiet yawns and the way he rubbed sleepily at his eyes made Cas shiver with contentment. He loved Dean more than he thought he could love someone else. The fact that Dean was able to calm him down so quickly and knew the exact reason for his anger allowed the rock of anxiety in his gut to slowly crumble away. All that was left was the foundation of love and adoration that he had for his omega.
Shit. "Oh, fuck, I mean- sorry, Bobby. I'm just distracted. Shit weekend, you know?"
For the next ten or fifteen minutes, Dean was petrified. The thunder had started. It was a distant rumble, but it was getting louder and closer. He tried playing on his phone, sucking his pacifier, even sucking his thumb, but it was useless. He had never been alone when the power was out. This was scarier than anything he had ever experienced. He hid further under the covers, sucked the pacifier, and tried to keep his cries silent.
-------------
Dean nodded and nuzzled closer to his daddy.
"So, with all of that being said, all I really need is for you to be able to explain the state that Dean was in when you first met him. Since you began your relationship as his rehab specialist, you can speak on his behalf. This will help us establish the extent of the abuse Alastair encouraged and establish a pattern of torture with those he has kidnapped."
D breathed out heavily and shook his head firmly, but only once. It was still a clear "no." "I'm sorry, D. I'm a little confused. You do like the toy?"
Bobby nodded and read over his notes. "Well, that is all that I need for now. Thank you for sharing this information with me. I know it is an extremely sensitive topic. We have about three weeks before the trial, so I may need to contact you again. This corroborates all of the other testimonies that I have heard so far." The man finally looked up from his notes and gave Cas a small smile. "I think it's time that I stop keeping you from your omega."
"We were watching them, ya idjit." Bobby whispered back with some heat in his voice. "This is unprofessional."
He couldn't help but notice how both of them were smiling so much in the kiss. It was less of lips and teeth and tongue, and more of smiling and breathing in the same air.
"What? That you'd be served by the most handsome man in America? I know. It's shocking." Ash laughed to himself and gave Bobby his card back.
Castiel let them down slowly and ran his hands over Dean's thighs. "You are so good, baby boy. I love you so damn much."
Dean chuckled and sat up. "You want me to be in charge of this, Alpha?"
Once they were alone in the living room, Dean all but fell into Castiel's arms. "Holy fuck."
“What are you good at in bed?” Cas turned his head and nibble at Dean’s jaw before sitting back on the couch; perfect dick still red and begging for release right in front of its victim.
<<From Cas: Well, little one, if you can get through the day with no more mess ups... I have the most wonderful surprise for you.
Admittedly, Dean was one of the most resilient patients he had ever worked with and certainly had a fighting spirit, but he was still human. Castiel considered himself extremely optimistic when thinking of Dean's rate of recovery. However, Dean needed to acclimate himself to using his voice again. He needed to practice using his fine motor skills. (If Castiel was honest with himself, they would probably be doing some gross-motor therapy as well.) Dean needed a lot of care. He needed his scent back. Most importantly, he still needed time to process what had happened to him over the past few years.
"Could my dear omega possibly make it two minutes without bacon? Or is the situation just too dire?"
"Very scary." Cas kissed the top of the omega's head and smiled as they drifted off to sleep.
Dean groaned. "I am so done with these fucking nightmares, man."
Suzanne let out a quick laugh and squeezed Dean's hand. "Thank you, sweetheart, but really, all of those challenges just led us to make the decisions that we needed to make. We submitted our adoption forms and waited for months on a response. We received a call one evening asking to confirm if we would be willing to adopt siblings." Dean's eyes shot to the floor. "We said yes without hesitation." The omega froze.
"Oh, yea?" Gabe asked with half of an Almond Joy in his mouth.
"You... you fucking hugged..." The laughs picked back up. "What did your date do?"
Dean furrowed his eyebrows. "What does this have to do with anything?"
"Hey, sweet boy." Castiel whispered and sat down on the other side of the door frame.
After all the intense, almost urgent touches from earlier, this was like a bucket of ice water. Dean realized in that moment all of the care that was behind Cas’ touches. As Cas’ lips melded against his own, Dean moaned quietly. He wrapped his arms around Cas’ neck and pulled him closer. Cas allowed it as his own hand ran down to take Dean’s cock out of his boxers. He adjusted himself so their erections were beside one another and began jacking them slowly.
"You didn't get 'kind of crazy.' Not at all. You discovered some potentially lifechanging news. I think you're entitled to bit of uncharacteristic behavior."
"Touch therapy is supposed to be..." Roche waved his hand in the air like he would catch the words. He failed.
I had soooo much fun writing this chapter!
Dean sucked the pacifier as hard as he could and breathed the scent of Castiel that he had left on the pillow. He tried to focus on the feeling of it in his mouth, but he soon became distracted by two things. For one, his stomach was beginning to tell him to eat. Secondly, and most prevalent, his cock was beginning to try and get his attention. Dean really wanted to take care of this problem, but he was only supposed to do what Cas had left him in the note. The thought of reading it thrilled him.
The two continued on to the pillows and Cas had to laugh quietly as Dean zoomed down the aisle, checking each and every one that caught his eye. Most were too scratchy. Some too soft. Some too firm. A select few, though, found their way into the cart. There was no discernable color scheme or theme, but Cas couldn't care less. Certainly not as Dean threw the pillows that met his criterion over his shoulder to Cas to put in the cart so enthusiastically.
"You as well. May I ask why we needed to meet so quickly? I assume that it is case related." Castiel looked at Gabriel with great concern. It was strange for his fun-loving, light-hearted friend to do anything with a sense of urgency. He was quite concerned about what this conversation would entail.
The omega growled. "You don't like the toy?"
"Oh, shut up." Dean walked his way into the kitchen with Cas behind him. He was moving pretty slowly compared to Dean.
Cas continued to stare. While barbaric, it wasn't unheard of for people to remove scent glands from their victims to keep them from being as easily traced. Gabe dealt with this type of thing all of the time. "I'm still confused as to why you need me. If they cut out his scent gl--"
"Felt what?"
“Okay, Daddy.” Dean hugged him back just as tightly and then walked back into the room. Of course Cas wasn’t mad. He understood. He was such a perfect Daddy. He didn’t need to mention how long he had slept.
Cas just shook his head. "Communication is important, baby. You may have some hard limits that I don't know about. You may have something that you really like that you've neglected to tell me."
"It was. I loved getting to taste your slick, honey. Not to mention how good your cock felt in my mouth." Castiel hummed. He felt Dean squirm a bit in his hold. If he continued down this road, then he was going to end up rimming Dean again until they both died of starvation. "Hey, are you ready for food yet?"
A quiet growl.
"You say that all the time. I know I'm human, but what kind of big bro..." He froze. "Well, I ain't much of a big brother yet. Must've been a real good one if Sam forgot about me and I forgot about him." He let out a shaky breath. "I should be able to tough this out for Sam's sake."
The two stayed in that somewhat uncomfortable position until they reached their destination. Sam's junker seemed quite out of place in front of the home. It was parked on the street instead of the two-car garage was attached to the multi-story brick home. Castiel was no contractor or architect, but he was certain that the home was at least 3,000 square feet. While it was not a mansion, per se, the immaculate flower beds and front porch furniture made him feel as if his one bedroom was quite inadequate. He could feel Dean's tension, though, and remembered that their home was perfect for them.
"I am so sorry for that outburst, Gabe. I really don't know what has come over me. It's just like every second I am drawn to this omega more and more. I am starting to become concerned that I may not be the best specialist for him due to...personal reasons."
“Y-yea, Daddy. Remind me…” As good as it was to be full, Dean was learning that Daddy’s hand trailing up and down his cock was definitely a close second.
"Oh, don't even play like you don't love it when I say shit like that."
"She moved the jacket?"
"The sedative will be wearing off in a matter of minutes. He will be fine... physically. I can't speak to the state of his mental condition after he finds that you've been taken again. His precious True Mate. Well, I'm not really taking you, am I? I can't even imagine how neglected your inner-omega has been feeling. Almost three weeks with no cock stuffing your hole. You used to not even be able to withstand an hour. I've heard stories of you needing two or three to satisfy you."
Dean stilled for a moment, surprised. Then, he pulled himself closer around Cas. The timid licks were quickly replaced with sure and confident ones. And a few bites. He never broke the skin, but Dean was teetering on the edge of something very dangerous. Castiel couldn't bring himself to care. This man would be the death of him, and, oh, what a glorious death it would be. Then, Dean moved and Castiel could feel just how much the biting was helping the omega. He could feel the proof of their connection stabbing into his hip.
Dean crinkled his nose and laughed. "Good?"
"Thank you, sir. Please note, though, that he prefers not to be identified by his designation. He prefers to be called 'D.'"
“Well, for me… I want this.” Dean gestured around himself. “I still want us to be best friends and roommates. I still want us to live the way we’ve always lived together. But… I, uh… want to be able to kiss you when I want and I want you to, uh, make love or whatever, to me…”
Cas left the room which left Dean to his predicament. He could feel the slickness of Cas’ cum in his hole. He could taste it. He could feel it cooling on his back. He felt good, but he needed to cum so badly he could hardly stand it. In the back of his mind, he knew that Cas would eventually let him and that Daddy knew what was best for his baby boy, but he began to feel a little panicked. What if Daddy ruined his orgasm? What if he wouldn’t help Dean cum? What if he cleaned him up and sent him on his way? What if, what if, what if?
Cas put down the butter knife and wrapped his hands around Dean's wrists. He laid his head back on Dean's shoulder. "I know you're safe now, Dean. I just feel very... angry when I think about everything that you have had to experience."
Dean put on the fake pout that he seemed to love so very much. "Gonna starve. Need bacon now."
"No. You good. They bad."
"Fuck! Alpha! More! Please, just one..." Dean began thrusting back on Cas' fingers and rubbing his cock on the comforter, "Just one more finger. I'll come for you. Please, Alpha... let me come for you..."
"Not really. Gotta be a little healthy, though." Dean smiled as he popped a blueberry in his mouth. It made Cas so happy to hear him making longer sentences. It was strange to hear Dean go from perfectly communicating to his short sentences again. Considering everything that happened the night before, Cas considered being able to hear his Mate's voice at all as a miracle.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean threw the beta his shirt back. "Yea, yea, just take your gross shirt and you can ride with Cas and me to the store." For a moment he froze. "As long as that's okay with you, alpha?" The fear in Dean's eyes showed that his conditioning was far from gone.  He probably felt as if he had been neglecting Cas and had a moment of panic.
"This week has been quite hectic, as I'm sure that you gentlemen can imagine. Maybe we just keep in touch and figure something out for next week when things slow back down?" Cas tried to nonchalantly intertwine his fingers with Dean's. The omega eventually relented his hold on his pants leg and let Castiel hold his sweaty hand.
Castiel gave a quick nod. "Thank you." Ankle cuffs? Were these people insane? This young man had been in shackles for at least two years and they were just going to put him back with that same treatment? It was sickening to think about it for too long. He went into the restroom to cool down, once again.
Cas decided to show him some mercy. He walked over to his boy, slowly, and pushed down on his shoulders. "Stay," Dean whined as the toy filled him up, "now, I'm going to feed you dinner. For dessert, you're going to have a nice surprise, okay? You'll get some yummy dessert if you keep your cummies to yourself, understood?"
"It's okay, sweet boy. You're safe with me." Cas whispered.
"Hey, I do what I can for those I like. The rest of 'em can screw off." Charlie smiled and took another sip.
So, this happened. Who knew? And who knows where it's going? Not me.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and let his chin rest on the omega's shoulder. "Then we will find some bacon."
Alastair needed to prepare himself for the wrath that was going to come into that courtroom.
You know how 2020 needs to end? With the longest chapter I've written so far that has no angst and only laughs and fluff and good times and healing. You know why? Ya know whyyyy??? Cause something good has to come out of this year. For the love of all that is sacred in this world.
"Just about the longest a person has gone without touch- to date- without dying first."
"Dean, the human brain, especially a child's, is extremely impressionable and malleable. It is not uncommon for children to suffer from memory loss, especially after traumatic physical and emotional events. There is no reason that you should feel guilty about your relationship with your brother. For one, he was three, and if his speech was delayed at all, which I'm sure it was, he probably hadn't formed many memories yet. Secondly, you were only seven when he was adopted. It was a perfect storm. Your age and situation were a dangerous combination. Do not blame yourself for your brain chemistry."
The water was beginning to cool, so, Dean rinsed off his cum, still pissed, and began drying off.
The ride home was silent apart from Dean tapping his knee and the occasional sound of the turn signal. Cas knew better than to press for details about why Dean's mood changed, but at the same time, he needed to know so he could prevent it in the future. He figured the least he could do, though, was allow Dean some quiet until they got home. So the silence continued.
“Tomorrow, we both have to be grownups. We have to go help our friends move into their new place, ‘member? So, we need to help each other change back to just plain, old Cas and Dean. We both have to be grownups tomorrow, baby.”
