"There he is- Greg!"
He watches Sherlock's profile in the back seat of the black car bringing them back to London.
Tristram is gobsmacked. He has never, ever seen his father laugh like this. Fake smiles for clients, yes (or for Emily's Aunt Claire, which he doesn't want to remember), as well as genuine smiles of pleasure, triumph, and pride. Chuckles at small amusements or his own cleverness, even cries of joy when he's solved something or got the better of Uncle Mycroft. But this: minutes of sustained, gasping laughter, his face stretched and his mouth open so that his chin doubles up and reminds him of Uncle Mycroft's. It's a revelation.
"Here you are," John said when he returned from the kitchen with two egg-nogs. "Oh, what's this then?" He stopped at the sight of Sherlock with his violin tucked under his chin. He hadn't seen Sherlock touch the violin since they'd worked on the music for the play.
"Shit dance instructor you are. I was looking at my feet the whole time. Eyes on your partner," John said, his voice both gruff and warm.
, and Eggs&b, who wanted John watching Sherlock being effective with the kids.
Father becomes quite animated, and gesticulates with his hands and even, at one point, a meat knife. It's almost like watching the colour change on a pH test strip, going from the dun-coloured mid-tones to the bright orange or blue at the ends of the colour guide.
000000
Emily darts over to him, and Tristram scrambles to get to the door.
He smirked and proceeded to attend to my other nipple in a similar manner. I was in an agony of ecstasy, my chest screaming for respite even as my prick demanded to be included.
"Harry blamed me. If I hadn't been over there, she said..."
Serve hot as a breakfast or supper side dish. Especially good with bacon and eggs.
Irene told him she saw John, that night she went out to 'put an end to this entire thing', and that he was in fine spirits. Father was there too, even though Irene said she wasn't going to see him. Tristram almost expected to hear something like that, but the little sting of betrayal or mistrust or whatever you want to call it still pricks a bit. Not only because it means that if Tristram had stayed with John, he would have got to see Father a whole lot sooner, but also because it means Irene lied to him again. Well, not lied exactly... It was one of those tricky ways of saying something so that it sounded like one thing but meant another. Uncle Mycroft does the same thing sometimes. Tristram can't always tell. He's going to have to get better at it.
Tristram gets up and starts toward the bedroom. Halfway there, he stops and asks Father, "Would you be with me?"
"I know, come on, let's do it together, let's breathe together." Doctor Watson breathes in deeply through his nose, his whole upper body seeming to rise with it. Then he blows out all the air through his mouth in a long, slow exhale. "Sherlock, Emily, everyone together, come on," he says without losing eye contact with Tristram. He starts another long inhale through his nose.
"Was there anything else on the tray?" Father asks. "Any other objects, a note, anything?"
"For God's sake, John," Father says tetchily. "He's not an imbecile, he can see what we were doing."
His movements became more frantic and uncontrolled, his voice repeating my name interspersed with unwarranted praises ever more ragged. If I did nothing more, the dramatic conclusion of our interlude was mere moments away. Yet there was one more thing I shyly hoped that he would grant me.
The hall was completely silent. John swallowed uncomfortably, but he didn't look away. Even in his discomfiture, even as he began to realise his mistake, he was trying to be there for Sherlock, to encourage him and give him moral support.
Cut the potatoes lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices, then cut each slice lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick fries. Put the fries in a large bowl of cold water and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours.
Warm. Soft. Softer than John would have imagined, and he hadn't imagined, hadn't let himself imagine, because it would only have driven him mad if he'd never been able to have this. It wasn't earth-shattering. There were no fireworks or visions, no weak knees or sobs of emotion. It was quiet. Simple. Light but sure. No hesitance. They broke apart, shifted, released their seatbelts, Sherlock's hand spanning John's shoulder, John's sliding up to Sherlock's thigh, heads tilting to a new angle, perfect choreography. The next kiss was firmer, longer. A hint of something more. A whiff of sea air. More kisses, testing the waters. Finding them to their liking. The only sounds their breaths and the soft sussurus of skin on skin and fabric shifting.
"Where's Gladstone?" John asked.
"Yes, actually," Sherlock said. He put his computer to sleep and followed John up the stairs, turning off the lights as he went. Gladstone clicked along beside them.
Sherlock's standing in front of the lift, which is something at least. They get in and Sherlock touches the pad to select a floor.
Tristram looks at his hand. Sign his cast? His lack of understanding must show on his face, because Doctor Watson explains, "It's traditional for people to write something on your cast, to wish you a speedy recovery. I don't have a pen right now, but I'll sign it for you when we get to the airport."
"That's pointless; most of them won't even be visible behind the others."
I quickly opened the placket and freed my cockstand. It throbbed and bounced in time with the pulsing in my veins. My only desire was one simple word: "More."
Sherlock made sure he ended up seated next to John, and adjusted his chair so they were angled toward each other and within easy reach. Sherlock caught Mycroft measuring the distance from Sherlock's hand to John's knee. Liam and Saffron ended up on the far side of John, closer to Mycroft. Perfect.
There are plenty of things to interest two inquisitive children in the old estate house, where Grandmother and her parents – and possibly even further back - have tended to dump unwanted reminders of bygone eras in the various unused rooms rather than get rid of them.
"Greg's probably just hoping to end up with an attempted murder at the reception. You know, spice things up a bit. It's his third, have to make it special." He flashed Sherlock a quick, tight smile and picked up one of the plates in one hand, knife and fork in the other. "Think I'll just take this upstairs. Get out of your way and let you work."
In the end, it didn't matter what Sherlock's parents thought, of course. Or the press, or the officers at the Yard, or their clients, or Mrs Hudson. It only mattered what John thought. What Sherlock thought. And there was the problem: who knew what Sherlock thought? John remembered what Mr Holmes had said out in the shed: that Sherlock had always been closed-off and secretive when it came to things that were important to him. That wasn't quite true; Sherlock couldn't get enough of talking about some things he was deeply invested in: his cases, his experiments. His sock index, John thought with fond amusement. But there were other things he never talked about. His music, for instance. Oh, he talked about music, certainly, but not his music. Not what he played late at night, when he knew John was upstairs listening. Not the pages he filled with his own notes and filed carefully away. He never talked about his drug use. Which, John hoped, was all in the past now. Maybe it was a good thing he was smoking, as it meant he didn't need to resort to anything more potent. And most of all, he never talked about himself and John. Not to other people, and not to John. They'd never talked about what had happened with Mary. Never even really talked about John moving back. They had just kind of slid into it. Did that mean John was important to him? More important than the cases? The drugs?
Tristram nods because that's what Doctor Watson wants him to do. So that they can be done with this conversation.
Tristram is surprised by the confession. He cringes a bit in anticipation of Doctor Watson's reaction.
"Your dad loves you. More than anything," Doctor Watson says. His eyes are so blue and earnest that Tristram believes him for a second. He knows his father cares about what happens to him, and he's probably the most important person in his father's life. But secretly, he knows that his father loves his work better. He loves solving mysteries and being smarter than the police and teasing meaning out of tobacco ash and flakes of nail polish. He knows he can't say that, though, because that's the kind of thing that people other than him and his father and Uncle Mycroft don't understand.
His father makes a dissatisfied sound in his throat, but he says, "I'll make an appointment."
"Who's on yours?" Emily asks.
Doctor Watson said they might still play a game together, but Tristram would honestly rather be alone. He's actually feeling a bit sleepy, even though it isn't very late, after being outside most of the day. He gets his Harry Potter book out of his school bag and climbs into bed.
"It was rather fun," Father concurs, as if he's surprised by the fact. His voice is right in Tristram's ear. It tickles.
John's eyes are hard and unyielding. "Not funny."
"Sorry," he whispers. "I didn't mean to wake you."
Tristram has no additional data points to calculate an average from, but somehow he doesn't think that's exactly what John means.
But while he certainly wants John to join him on cases again, it's mostly the other things that Sherlock wishes he could have back. Sunday morning breakfast. Laughing over the classifieds. Two toothbrushes in the cup. Texts for no reason. Waking in the wee hours with a crick in his neck and his entire left side numb because they'd fallen asleep together on the couch. John twitching awake with a gasp, his heart racing from a nightmare. Putting his arms around John and holding him tight, back to chest, until he'd caught his breath. Murmuring against the back of his neck that they were safe at home and everything was all right. Having it be true.
"Anyway, I don't see what the big deal is. Unless we could get in trouble because it's a school night."
"Sherlock..." Doctor Watson says. "That's not fair." But he sounds pleased. "This is probably costing a fortune," he grumbles cheerfully as he picks out the letters for a return text.
Tristram hopes their next stop isn't more shopping, and he isn't disappointed. Irene leads them off the main road onto a side lane that slopes steeply upward until they come to a little cottage with some truly spectacular icicles hanging off the eaves. At first, Tristram thinks it's a house where someone lives, but then he sees the sign on the door that says 'Naturmuseum', like someone smushed the words together and obliterated the e. It seems like an awfully small house for an entire Natural History Museum. He doesn't think even half of Dippy would fit inside.
John was in the middle of doing a move which it looked like he'd picked up from the pigeons on Trafalgar Square when something outside caught Sherlock's attention. The large windows looked out onto the school yard, which was empty at the moment. On the other side of the yard, however, a series of little maroon-and-gold beret-topped heads were peering over the fence edging the property. Sherlock made a beeline for the window. As he watched, a line of children in Blackwood School uniforms came around the fence onto the tarmac surface.
That's how Tristram feels too. He does have a lot of questions. But he knows that no one's going to answer them, so there's no point in asking.
"We need to have a serious talk about priorities," John grumbled as he bumped up against Sherlock in the back seat and the cab swung out into traffic. His anger had apparently dissipated at the prospect of joining Sherlock on a case. His eyes were bright, his face still flushed from their interlude, his breaths still carrying the echo of his recent arousal.
"So I'll see you tomorrow then?" John said.
"I'm not having second thoughts," Sherlock assured him.
Tristram considers that. An experiment always begins with a question that doesn't have an obvious answer. Those are important questions. It's like his soil experiment. There's no one who can answer the question of what the pH level is of the soil in fifteen spots around London either. That's what his experiment is for. So maybe Tristram's questions surrounding Irene are like an experiment too. He just has to figure out the proper procedure for conducting it. He decides to ask one of his questions.
But her mother continued blithely, "Third time's the charm, I always say. You'll see, John, we'll get these two squared away and then it'll be your turn." She beamed and tucked back into her apple tart.
He harnessed the additional annoyance at himself for not being in control of his body to fuel his response: "The reason no one else knew about it is because there is nothing to know!" he shouted and stepped away again, trying to project displeasure rather than discomfiture.
John's eyebrows twitch toward each other. "You've lost me."
Sherlock looks at John curiously. "You think she means you. You're interested."
After a few minutes, Tristram is feeling a bit better. He pushes himself up so his head is resting on the armrest closest to the door. From this vantage point, he can see his father's reflection in the window, bending and dancing back and forth. Every so often, he will call out to check that Tristram's still awake and alert.
John glanced up at the house in time to see a curtain twitch. He didn't care; wanted, even, for her to know: that Sherlock was loved, and cherished. That he was good, and deserving of happiness. That John was going to give that to him. Or try to anyway. He wanted everyone to know. He supposed perhaps they did already, had long thought he and Sherlock were a couple.
John rounded on him, a mixture of anger and disbelief on his face. "And you couldn't have, I don't know, just asked me?"
"More than I thought possible," I said honestly.
Irene stops in her tracks, looking startled. "I'll be back," she says, sounding almost flattered that Tristram wants her to stay. He doesn't want her, though, he wants his father.
"Good night," his father murmurs, his attention already elsewhere.
"We can leave," Doctor Watson says flatly.
"It's all right, John." Sherlock puts a hand on his arm, gently pulling him back down and tucking them in again. "Go back to sleep."
With that thought in mind, the situation became more manageable, and the rest of the day passed without incident. Sherlock even found that he was able to indulge some of Watson's whims with the pupils. It made for less friction, and it was only one day. Tomorrow, things would be back to normal.
Tristram isn't either. This is sounding worse and worse. Does Father blame Doctor Watson that Tristram was hurt? But that wasn't his fault! And he helped Tristram afterwards, even came to the hospital with him. Did much more than Father, to be honest. Maybe that is the source of their disagreement this time?
Sherlock lifted his hand to thread his fingers through John's hair. John inhaled deeply and mouthed at the material, just enough so that Sherlock felt a teasing pressure.
There was another chorus of 'eww's.
3 tbsp semi-skimmed milk
They have pink fish and green peas, which Emily will only eat doused with mayonnaise. Uncle Mycroft gives her a pained look and chews each carefully cut bite twenty times (Tristram counts).
One may imagine the pang of horror which passed through my very soul, then, when my eyes fell upon the headline proclaiming a vicious attack upon my most dear one not two days hence. I will refrain from repeating a description of my frantic journey to his bedside and the quite serious injuries which he had sustained.
After checking quickly for any approaching trains, she bustled Tristram down onto the track, helped him up onto the opposite platform under the shocked stares of the tourists and commuters, and that was pretty much that.
Irene seems to have convinced John she knows the perfect thing for Harry and Clara, so they all troop after her down the street. Emily hooks her arm through Tristram's good one and chants, "Left... left... left, right, left..." as they walk to keep their steps in sync.
Tristram grunts a little as he feels Doctor Watson's fingers against the side of his neck. He's so cold now. His teeth are chattering and he can't help the tremors that are starting to shake his body.
Cut the peppers in half and pull out the membranes and the seeds. They won't add any spice - they'll just taste bitter!
John silently undresses down to his pants and undershirt. He turns on the bedside lamp and turns off the overhead one, then gets into bed, lying on his side facing Sherlock's back with his head propped up on one hand. Sherlock has remained perfectly still the whole time. His back is hunched, collapsed in on himself a bit, and his hands are gripping the side of the mattress as if he might topple over otherwise.
Mrs Hudson peers into the box, too, then gasps and turns away, her hand against her cheek.
Sherlock stuffed the phone back into his pocket and leaned forward to speak to the driver.
Convenient. For morning showers, of course. Midnight visits to the loo. But also for any need one might have to clean up during the night. For damp flannels. Rinsing out mouths. Washing hands. "Yeah. Of course," John said, hoping he sounded much more matter-of-fact about this whole thing than he felt. "Makes sense. All right then. I'll just..." He pointed upstairs.
When she's satisfied she's found all the bones in the pellet, Emily announces she's hungry. Tristram realises he is, too; he hasn't had anything since the chocolate milk that morning. It seems ages ago now. They go downstairs to see if there's any chance of lunch being had.
The gentle sway of the car and the rhythmic passing of the street lamps lull him into a half-sleep by the time they pull up outside their flat. His mind is full of plans and questions and new ideas, and they carry him easily into bed. It ends up being the first time he sleeps through the night since his ordeal.
&&&&&&
"Mary Poppins." John gaped. "Don't tell me you don't know who Mary Poppins is? Magical nanny, has a bottomless carpetbag, flies with an umbrella?"
"You have?" Sherlock seemed both surprised and pleased.
The thought of him applying the surgical instruments to my tender chest provoked a carnal urge of such vehemence that my prick began to leak inside my drawers.
There also wasn't any question or discussion of sleeping arrangements as they undressed to their underwear and dropped into Sherlock's bed together. Sherlock on the left side, John on the right. There was still some wrangling with the blanket, but this time there was no care given to maintaining a polite distance, no imaginary barrier between them. John settled on his back, Sherlock on his side facing him. Sherlock's hand found its way to John's shoulder, his knee bumped up against John's leg, and John's hand rested comfortably on Sherlock's bare thigh. That was it. Nothing sexual. Just being there for each other, with each other. Knowing that the one would protect the other, and that when they woke up, they would still be together. Like otters holding hands as they drifted on the water.
It wasn't something they'd addressed directly. Sherlock didn't feel that confronting John with his own mortality would have been either particularly welcome or productive. But whenever he could, Sherlock silently encouraged vegetables and food made from scratch, long walks and quick sprints. The project dovetailed nicely with John's newly acquired tendency to cook as a method of emotional distraction. A distressing dream would see him making shortbread at 4 a.m. Too many pregnant women and push-chairs in the Tube would have him looking up pasta primavera recipes. Sherlock had quietly asked Mrs Hudson to siphon off a portion of the surplus fruits and vegetables Mr Chatterjee passed on to her from his shop, to make sure their larder always had a selection for John to work with when the mood hit.
There was only one thing to be done, obviously: Sherlock would have to go to Lestrade on his own and come clean, tell him that John knew nothing and that Sherlock was the one stringing everyone along for his own oblique reasons. No one would dig any deeper for a motivation; they would readily accept that Sherlock was just that cruel and perverse.
______________________
"Hey." Sherlock raised his gaze, John crouched in front of him, hand rubbing gentle circles on his knee. "Idiot" John breathed, all anger replaced with a gentle tenderness that made Sherlock's heart ache. "Clearly you've never heard of bisexuality. Birds. Blokes. Could never choose before I met you."
"John" Irene smiled demurely, waving a red-nailed hand towards the chair she knew had always been his. "Sit, please."
"It's Christmas, John" Irene pointed out, her tone marginally less sultry than it usually was. "Worldwide time for miracles. Also the time for you to pull your head out of wherever it's hiding and ask him out for a drink - stress that it's a date. Take it from me, he won't understand otherwise." John looked sceptical. "Do it, for all our sakes. It's Christmas."
"Not about John" Sherlock dismissed, steepling his fingers in his signature pose. A wicked grin appeared on his face. There was nothing like blackmailing his sibling. It was just so fun. "About Lestrade." He sat back in his uncommon chair and waited for the threat to sink in.
Irene nodded, having suspected as much - and she told him so.
John leaned in, eyes shining with so much emotion Sherlock could barely stand it. "I'm going to kiss you now" he announced, breath ghosting over Sherlock's lips.
And if that didn't work, Irene was going to have to involve the Iceman. She would have done so already, but he was still a bit miffed with her for looking through his laptop last Christmas. It was really his own fault for leaving it there on the table - was she not supposed to look? (Mummy Holmes had invited her, intrigued to meet the Woman who could bring royalty to their knees.)
Mycroft had managed to reduce his duties, freeing up two early evenings a week to accompany John on his habitual visit. He missed his work – purely because it kept his mind from worrying constantly about the worst case scenarios – yet never complained once while sitting at his brother’s bedside, even when he’d tried some of the tar-water they tried to call coffee.
Gregory took to pulling out some textbooks from his rucksack, arranging them neatly on the table between them, never stacking too high encase of accidentally creating a wall. His pencil case was thrown on the table next, landing against one of the taller stacks (outer edge of the table), followed by the soft slapping of his notebooks against wood. He passed over the thicker notebook, the one with his messier lecture notes while opening the thinner, clearly neater one.
Mycroft put his mobile on charge, a small smile playing on his lips. What an interesting development.
In the few weeks leading up to his trip, Mycroft spent the majority of his time reassuring that Gregory was alright. Many would argue that he was being disgustingly overbearing, yet Gregory found it endearing and would easily fall into the pattern of responding to the spike in over-protectiveness, for he knew it was just that: a spike.
“I definitely hope so,” John murmured in agreement, sipping his coffee and shaking the cup to ensure that it was really empty. John excused himself to go back and spend some time with Sherlock while Mycroft threw away his rubbish. John requested to have about ten minutes alone with Sherlock, which was likely where he told Sherlock things that weren’t necessarily for anyone else’s ears. He’d once ushered Mycroft, Gregory and an unsuspected nurse out of Sherlock’s room to spend twenty minutes murmuring in his boyfriend’s ears.
The heavy door closed behind him with a click, and Mycroft struggled to believe how relieved he was to finally have Sherlock out of the house. After a sour discussion on the behaviour he expected from Sherlock, they even managed a somewhat stilted discussion.
as John was just finishing his current shift.
He barely registered as Mycroft and Gregory left the room, going on their date or something, but grinned as his boyfriend settled next to him and pressed a soft kiss to the side of his neck.
Sherlock divested himself of the lab coat and goggles – throwing the goggles next to the Bunsen burner – while Mycroft stepped inside and took a look at the work that Sherlock had been doing. He was unsurprised that Sherlock had gotten bored with his GCSE work and so had taken to doing the hypothetical ‘wrong’ experiments that were detailed in the questions.
“I’ll be over-confident for you then,” Gregory said. “You’ll get a first with ease, and I could easily place a bet on you having the highest final exam score ever.” He then made a hand gesture which resulted in Mrs Hudson bringing out the large chocolate chip cookie which was the café’s speciality and giving it to Gregory with a soft kiss on his cheek. “Thank you, Mrs Hudson!”
“Yeah, I plan on returning when he’s confirmed stable. At least labs, because they’re interesting and might be able to provide a brief respite from the gloom of a hospital,” John said with a sad smile, fingers giving Sherlock’s palm a brief squeeze. “Sherlock will hate this place.”
Every time a card was received, Mycroft would murmur about how much everyone loved him and that they were all there for him. “Even in your failures, you’ll never be alone Gregory. I won't stop loving you because you didn’t get the grades,” he’d muttered more times than he could remember.
“No one, that’s who,” Gregory replied gravely. “
Once Mycroft had looked through them, he asked, “Have you decided to take up any interesting extra-curricular clubs? I’m curious because Sherlock mentioned how he’d finally been allowed to join the Crime Society. He claims that he got down on his knees and begged because he was that desperate.”
“I feel blessed around him,” John admitted, blushing slightly into his disposable cup. “I’ve always had friends, people I care about, and even a few previous relationships where I thought I might love my boyfriend or girlfriend, but Sherlock blew me away. I worried far too much about his age at the beginning but I doubt I’d change anything if I were to go back. Maybe I'd yell at myself to be less oblivious.”
“What?”
“I need to return home,” Mycroft told his boss firmly, pulling his suit jacket tighter around his shoulders.
The first Thursday after the breakdown, Mycroft put incredible thought into their date night. The original plan had been to attend a classical concert that they’d both expressed interest in at one point, but he’d shuffled their plans so that it was changed to a quiet meal in a small pub. Just outside of Oxford, the small corner building was cosy and quiet and mostly empty.
Time changes people.
Surprised that he’d been so unobservant, Mycroft thought for a few moments before concluding that Greg had likely placed it in his pocket when he’d come over to collect their empty cups just before closing time. He pulled out his small smartphone (barely used, only really for the occasional text or phone call and never have had a game on it
It's shorter compared to the other six chapters and split into two points of view.
After perhaps thirty minutes of silence, Mycroft looking absently around the room while John read through a few pages of his medical textbook, Mycroft stood and asked John to accompany him to the hospital’s small, mostly mediocre café. Somewhat reluctant to leave, John closed his textbook and quietly explained to Sherlock where they were going – even if Sherlock was incredibly unlike to wake up again that evening, let alone within the next hour. The walk was silent and somewhat awkward.
Huddled tightly in a small grey blanket and trying to avoid a mouthful of snow with lethargic limbs, Sherlock found himself herded like a sheep into his family living room, John Watson assisting on one side and his over-bearing brother on the other. He was mostly healed, but his muscles were weak due to long periods of being still and there were still some spikes of pain if he breathed in too hard.
My debt of gratitude as always is owed to ruth0007 and dioscureantwins for beta reading.
Doctor Watson comes back into the living room, carrying two mugs. His face looks thunderous, but it relaxes slightly as he sits down on the edge of the couch next to Tristram again. Tristram can hear his father in the kitchen, banging things.
"All right, well we clearly need to take him in and get this sorted, but one of his parents is going to have to come in as soon as possible so we can get consent to treat and to take care of the paperwork. I mean, unless you have legal...”
"If you don't want her to help, it's fine. I just thought it would be useful. No reason we can't handle it alone, though."
. You've had your peep, now shove off." As Sherlock spoke, he heard the scuffing of shoes, whispers and giggles as his class gathered behind him.
The woman smiles even more broadly, as if he's just confirmed something she wanted to know. She turns to Emily. "And your daughter. What a darling little girl," she coos. Something tells Tristram she doesn't really think Emily is darling, and he bristles. Perhaps he should be afraid, but he isn't. All he knows is that this woman's insulted Emily, somehow, and Doctor Watson didn't like her even before that. Tristram's beginning to think he doesn't like her much either.
Sherlock congratulated himself on having correctly predicted John's behaviour for once. "What is it? I'm quite busy," he said without looking up from the worksheets he was correcting.
"What? Sorry, but we had permission," John broke in. "Sherlock got permission before we left."
Of course. Father can handle anything. That was never a question. But Tristram supposes what she means is that her part is done in whatever it was they were all mixed up in, and that she's going to be moving on again. He knew she would eventually, but now that the moment's come, it seems sudden. It's not that he's going to miss her terribly or anything, but he's only just started to get used to the idea of having a mother - of having Irene as his mother. It's like she's leaving in the middle of an experiment, before they've done much more than set out the equipment.
It wouldn't be much longer. He was going to need to get ready. His last act before leaving the room once more was to reach down between Sherlock's legs and nudge the dildo the rest of the way back inside. Then he turned it on. The muted buzzing started up again and Sherlock's eyes slammed shut as his body attempted to curl inward, lifting his feet off the bed, his hands wrapped around the straps of the restraints and pulling so hard his arms were shaking. John waited until the cramp had eased and Sherlock's feet were back on the mattress and he'd resumed his fitful rocking, trying desperately to catch every sensation his body was able to deliver.
John's eyes snap to Sherlock's, glittering with barely controlled fury. "For the past month," he says, his voice dangerously soft, "you have been flirting by text with the person who killed my wife and her sister, shot your son, and mutilated several innocent people-"
So he had to come up with a different approach. He would have to tell John something that he absolutely, positively would not forget, if his mind were unclouded and unimpeded. Something that he would be guaranteed to remark on the next day, if he remembered it. Something that didn't require immediate action, but that would be alarming enough to make a lasting impression.
"You can still see all the cuts."
"Exactly," Father says archly. "I'm glad to see we're in agreement then. You'll probably want to cancel your shift this afternoon as well."
"That won't be necessary," Holmes rejoined, and I quite agreed. The sooner we were quit of this place, the better.
What about John? If Lestrade -- Greg -- and all the others were his friends, then what was John? Yes, he had all of those qualities and provided Sherlock with all of those things too. But there was more to it than that. It was impossible to quantify or describe, but Sherlock felt things in relation to John that bypassed any sense of mere gratitude or loyalty. His presence alone, his existence, his very John-ness, was a source of pleasure and satisfaction. A condition and presence to be striven toward, that filled all the nooks and crannies in Sherlock's soul even in the physical absence of its originator. John was simply John. His Something.
John peels his gloves off and drops them into the bin. "What do you mean?"
Part of John is buried here. Not just his genetic material, although that's there too, combined intimately with Mary's until it found a novel expression, a new life bearing the prospect, despite everything, of happiness and hope to a man who so desperately needed it. Deserved it. But now that hope is buried too, and John is not fine. Sherlock would exhume that hope with his bare hands if he knew how. As it is, he feels that all he can offer is messy handfuls of decay anyway.
"Or we could talk," John offered, the words tumbling out almost before Sherlock had finished speaking.
He taps the screen to accept the call. "Yes," he says into it.
"Surely it wouldn't be a big deal for him to send down a couple of guys - They wouldn't need to make a big production out of it. Just film it, burn a nice DVD for the kids and their parents."
John returns it with a not-so-subtly veiled warning of his own. "Now why would that be, I wonder?"
A warm lump of happiness blooms in Tristram's stomach. "Good. Me too. Tell him."
"No," John says flatly. "Nope. I mean it. You're not- You're coming back too."
In my description of my country life thus far, the astute reader may have noticed the lack of the very person who featured most prominently in the previous parts of my narrative, namely my old friend -- if indeed I may still call him that, for we had not seen each other since my resettlement -- Dr John Watson. He had naturally remained in London, where his life continued to play itself out with but one supporting character less. We maintained a monthly correspondence, but it restricted itself by unspoken agreement to superficial matters. What would be the purpose of pretending otherwise? I missed him like a phantom limb, startled every time I looked around to find him absent, only to become aware of a bone-deep ache that I had somehow grown accustomed to with time and familiarity.
John shook his head in amusement. He pulled up a chair. Sherlock shifted instinctively back.
"Okay," Emily says, although she doesn't sound very reassured.
But Doctor Watson says, "Better not. He's working on something pretty important and we don't really need to call him. But you've got me in there under number three. Go ahead and try me."
Sherlock followed readily, pressing the length of his body against John's. John could feel the hardness inside Sherlock's breeches against his hip, and his own member stirred in response. Sherlock was nearly always quicker to arousal than John, as he was quicker in everything else too. John enjoyed a more leisurely pace, prolonging not only their pleasure but the rare time when he was the sole focus of Sherlock's powerful personality. He therefore deliberately kept his hands above Sherlock's hips, although he did push off Sherlock's fur cape and helped him out of his leather tunic.
"Boring." Sherlock kisses him some more. He settles himself so he's sitting on John's lap, on top of the covers, and works one hand in under John's t-shirt.
But now he has. He connects the flare of yellow flame from yesterday with the flash he saw just now. Maybe it's the same person, inside the stable. One of Uncle Mycroft's men. There to protect him and Father and Doctor Watson and Emily from whatever it is they need protection from. The bogeyman, probably. He understood from the beginning, of course he did, that 'the bogeyman' wasn't a supernatural creature from a fairy tale, like a troll or a ghost. He knows the difference between made-up monsters like those in the Harry Potter stories and the real-life monsters - criminals and crazy people - his father works with the police to track down.
Emily nods, even though she's barely touched her croquettes.
Sherlock nods. "Maybe. It's-" He glances toward the sitting room, where the children's voices can be heard singing along to the refrain of 'Yellow Submarine'. He leans in a bit closer, his head bending toward John. "I don't want you and your daughter to get more deeply involved. But I'd like it if we could meet sometime - where we could talk more freely. Without the children."
"It'll get better in a moment," Sherlock says. He stands up on the back of the fold-out seats and pulls a ring spanner out of his coat. Stretching his long arms up, he unlocks an access hatch in the ceiling and pulls down a narrow, extendable ladder, then climbs up through the hole.
It was almost more than John could manage not to rip off the clamps and take those delicate peaks of flesh between his teeth, to suck and pull at them and feel their hard buds on his tongue.
"It's okay," Emily tells him, to Tristram's great surprise. "It didn't really hurt. Are you all right? You didn't hurt your hand again, did you?" She comes over to kneel on the floor next to him, leaning against his leg with casual ease. The skin around her nose and eyes is blotchy and red, but she looks calm again. Does this mean they're still friends? He pushed her into the wall, on purpose, and he didn't even have a good reason. Tristram's pretty sure if he did that to anyone else at school, he'd have made a mortal enemy and been well on his way to having to change schools again. And here she is asking him if he's all right!
"Yes."
Tristram wants very much to see what's in the box now, but his father's head is in the way.
"My dad said you already knew," she tells him matter-of-factly. Then she throws the question back at him, mildly reproachful. "Why didn't
"I know." Sherlock hugged John in the half embrace.
"No, it's..." John straightened his back (talking himself into something) and pulled something out of his pocket: a piece of paper. He cleared his throat. "The last song," he said, unfolding the paper (carefully: something important).
&&&&&&
"You usually visit on Sundays," I said as I descended. I was irritated, both at being caught off-guard and at being dragged along on this errand. Surely Watson could have taken care of this on his own later when I went to the museum, or else we could have put off our joint outing until the afternoon.
Moriarty chuckled. "Yes, I imagine you are. You should really drop by sometime. I have plans, you see. I might be able to find something for you."
"John..." Sherlock says, more an expression of awe than a bid for attention, but it's enough to make John open his eyes and look at Sherlock.
"You sleep all right on the couch?" Doctor Watson asks Father.
aeroplane. We will go into the assembly hall during the last fifteen minutes and have a contest to see whose flies the furthest. Anyone who wants to learn something about aerodynamics and improve their chances of winning may come to my desk when you are ready. The rest of you may work
He grinned back. "Come on, what do you want? Like this?" He put one hand down and pressed his thumb against her clitoris, focusing her attention and drawing all the points of arousal in her body into a single taut line.
Only two had got the right answer about the octopus. Really, 56% had guessed none? The mind boggled. SassyFox stoically ate another chip.
Serve on hot cooked rice. Garnish with coriander (cilantro).
"She doesn't need to." She wouldn't insult Sherlock like that.
The prickly sensation migrated into Sherlock's stomach and lodged itself there. This was... He forced himself to take a deep breath, in and out. John was still upset. He'd been upset with Sherlock before. It had never lasted longer than a few minutes, true, but then this was the confluence of several things at once. Sherlock needed to see him, to implement his plans. Make John see that he was making too much out of nothing.
"Where can you shoot the machine guns from?" she asks, opening various flaps and lids to find more compartments and control panels.
John's face opens into a broad smile. "Absolutely. Do you have something in mind?"
to do anything. He was going to need to think things through beforehand anyway, decide what he did and didn't want out of this, and how best to get it. And how to protect those parts of himself that most needed protecting.
Molly and the children arrived a short time later, and the rehearsal got underway. Things went more smoothly than the day before, perhaps due in part to the cocoa and doughnuts that showed up halfway through, a donation from one of the vendors who'd been granted a concession for the night of the play. Sherlock kept a close eye on the time, though, and fifteen minutes before the end, he broke off what they were doing and announced they were going to try the last song. It was probably the easiest one to stage, as it didn't involve anything more than the children standing around the manger.
Irene draws herself up and looks down her nose at John. She's taller than him anyway - not by much, but her boots do the rest. "I know a great deal more than you think. And for that reason alone, you'd do well to listen to me. But if you'd prefer to dismiss me as misguided and delusional, know this at least: I am Tristram's mother. He is my son. That's not going to change. And if you intend to be in his and his father's life for the long term, it would be to your advantage - and Tristram's too - if you simply accept that and make the best of it."
"See that you do," Lestrade said as he walked away.
Doctor Watson doesn't seem to think it's funny, though. He frowns and fiddles with the controls on the phone and says, "That's not nice, Emily."
"Yeah, well I'm certain I didn't hear you right, because I thought you said Tris's mother was here."
Sherlock snatches the gun out of Irene's hand and hands it to John. John, taken by surprise, barely manages to cup his hands around it before Sherlock lets go. Irene slowly moves her eyes from Moriarty to her empty hand.
Tristram is ... He doesn't know what he is. Surprised? Not at the sentiment behind the request, not at this point. At the forthrightness, yes. Tristram sort of thought they'd all continue not openly acknowledging what was going on. But after the pictures of them kissing came out, Doctor Watson had said he wanted to sit down with them and talk about it. And here they are, all sitting down.
"Really? I remember it being colder." His first memories of the clan seemed inextricably entwined with shivers and chills.
John continued to watch Sherlock, not saying anything for a moment. Was he waiting for some further explanation? Sherlock couldn't look away. He tried to turn his gaze into a glare.
&&&&&&
"Listen to me carefully," Father says, speaking quickly. "I want you to put your shoes and your jacket on and get into the closet. It may be a tight squeeze, but you'll fit. Pull the door all the way closed. Go do that now."
Emily isn't satisfied, but goes back to working on picking more bones out of the pellet. Tristram wants to ask her more. He wants to know if her father told her why they're staying at Tristram's flat. He wants to know if her father told her about the kisses. On the whole, he thinks not, because it's exactly the kind of thing she'd want to talk about with Tristram. Unless her father told her to keep it secret for some reason.
Tristram hunkers down next to him. Indeed. Instead of the normal three slits arranged in a more or less equilateral triangle, there are three round holes arranged in a kind of flat isosceles triangle, deep in a hexagonal recess. A normal plug would never fit. Father hands Tristram the power cord. The attachment he stuck on the end has three round metal prongs in the same pattern as the holes in the wall, protruding from a hexagonal piece of plastic that should fit neatly into the recess.
Sherlock shrugged in his arms. "I simply thought you might like it."
John snorted again. "I'll bet."
&&&&&&
"I'm sorry?"
Seventy-four minutes.
"Here, can you sit up, Tris?" he asks. He sets the mugs down and puts an arm under Tristram's shoulders through the blanket to help him. It's nice, and Tristram leans into him more than he actually needs to. Doctor Watson picks up one of the mugs and holds it in front of Tristram. The liquid in it is thick and black, as if someone dumped one of his soil samples into a cup of water.
John chuckled. Giggled. Shook his head in amusement. Didn't move to take Sherlock's hand.
Tristram doesn't really think he did anything; it was actually Emily who knew what to do. But he doesn't want to talk about it. All he wants to do now is leave. "Okay. We can go now," he says. He starts to stand up, but John gently pulls him back down.
Tristram pulls the bedroom door most of the way shut again and goes back to where Emily is watching cartoons.
Tristram's second mistake - and this is where the regrets really begin - is that he went with Irene at all. Because surely he could have done something else. Maybe he could have yanked his hand away - although she had a pretty good grip, but he might have caught her off-guard - and run to where John and Emily were. Or he could have sat back down and refused to move, or simply shouted out for John. But he had that tantalising thought in the back of his mind - maybe even a little further forward - that Irene knew where Father was; that Irene didn't like John and maybe wanted Father back, and was trying to give John the slip so that she and Father and Tristram could be together. That maybe there weren't any bad guys at all.
Sherlock is momentarily knocked off balance. How did he not see that? That meant they'd already submitted the papers before Mary approached Sherlock at the cemetery. Sherlock is startled by the implication.
His father turns to look up at him, his eyes crinkling up in quiet pleasure. "Tristram," he says warmly. "I take it you had a good time."
"Please, John, John please..." The words finally broke through John's haze of lust and something else that they were both somehow loathe to name. Reining himself in, John knew he had to bring this to the conclusion Sherlock needed, in the way he needed. To continue like this would be a loss of control John wasn't sure either one of them was ready for yet. And so this is how it would be:
"Out back. I haven't even had a chance to let him know Myc's here." She opened the oven and stood back to let John get by.
"'From Hemlock to Botox'?" John asked. "'The Poisoner's Handbook'? I'm starting to re-think that soju."
"You want me to leave Emily here alone?"
John raised his eyebrows. Sceptical. "What, did Greg change his mind?"
"Yes," Sherlock agreed, with everything unspoken those eyes were saying. All of a sudden, he didn't want to spend a loud, cheap lunch hour being jostled in Speedy's. They'd still have to be back in time for afternoon classes, of course, but... Sherlock took out his mobile and scrolled through his contacts until he found the number he wanted.
Tristram nods, even though he gets a twisty, uncomfortable feeling in his stomach.
"I didn't lie, and I wasn't-"
"No, Sherlock. No," he repeats, his tone sharp and unyielding. "Not like that. We've been through too much for you to start with that shite. Tell me honestly. I want to stay here," he says steadily. "With you. To sleep in the same bed as you. To be here for you, however you want me and need me to. I could stay up and watch your inboxes while you kip-" John waves his hand in the direction of the bed. "But that's what I want. If you'd rather be alone, that's fine. I understand and I don't have a problem with it. I can spend the night in the living room with Emily. She certainly won't complain about it," he adds, as if that's a vast understatement. "But you need to tell me what you want. What I can do for you."
The way he sees it, there are two ways this could go. He could pull back again, deflect with a comment about it being bad form to shag your best friend's ex anyway and pretend the last five minutes or so never happened...
"Yes, but not like this. Not a case that I've been following for a couple of weeks now, and that I
Sherlock nodded absently, using the last few seconds to glean several more pieces of information from the phone before handing it back. It wasn't until John was out the door that Sherlock remembered the cane that was stashed under his desk. Or the fact that he'd meant to tell him he needn't return tomorrow.
"Only an attempt, not to worry," Sherlock said breezily from behind. "It all worked out in the end."
Emily looks over her shoulder now, too; Tristram isn't sure whether it's to make sure that the adults can't hear them, or because she feels safer knowing exactly where her father is.
"Yes, but there must be more. This whole thing … It's been planned meticulously. Starting with the methylfentanyl device." He pivots and comes back toward John. "They had Tristram, they could have done anything with him to force me to back off the investigation, but they didn't. Why? The message was the important thing, not my compliance. But why send the message if they don't care whether I do what they say?" It's clear that he's talking more to himself than John at this point. "My street contacts are being targeted in much the same way. Shaken up a bit, but not put out of commission. Maybe they're trying to scare the others, stop them from sharing information with me, but then why the additional messages? An eye for an eye, revenge, yes, but it's specific. Why can't I see it?" he hisses in frustration and puts his phone away. "I have to go home and see if they've delivered the next message. Maybe the way the fingers are arranged will tell me something." He pushes his coat back so he can put his hands on his hips, staring down at John but not really seeing him as theories dance behind his eyes.
"There was a light on his back. Like a laser pointer." Father has one - or had one at some point, anyway - that he uses to help him figure out trajectories and angles of sight.
The body parts Molly provided Sherlock with these days were no longer illicit plunder from autopsied corpses. She'd been dating a surgical resident for a few months now, who upon hearing of Sherlock's interest, routinely asked his patients whether they would agree to donating anything that was removed to a scientific study. The hospital board wasn't strictly informed of the arrangement, but as the patients were legally in their right to dispose of any excised tissue as they saw fit, there were really no repercussions to fear. Sherlock's current project was the result of a man who had been playing Father Christmas and fallen off the roof, injuring himself so badly a splenectomy had been necessary.
Message: It doesn't, I just thought it would be nice if I wore something that didn't clash with yours.
"Come here." His father swivels sideways in his chair to face him. It's the first time he's changed position in over eight hours, by Tristram's reckoning. Tristram goes over to stand next to the desk. His father puts his hands on Tristram's shoulders. That means what he's about to say is very important.
"Can I see the eye again?" Emily asks once they're settled in the cab.
"Right. He may surprise you. And like I said, you don't really have a choice. So, make the best of it. And Sherlock... relax! Have fun. And play nice."
"I'll take my coffee here, Thomas," Irene says, pronouncing his name in a foreign way.
Back to the same hot pan, (if dry add more oil) add the snow peas. Add the carrot toss and cook 2 minutes.
"It's the same picture Tristram has on his," Father tells her, which means no. He's frowning, but he says it gently, almost too quietly.
The toilet flushed. Water ran. The medicine cabinet opened and closed. More water. Sherlock began to feel a pressing need himself.
John gave him a tight smile. "Really. From what I've seen, it's going to be spectacular."
Doctor Watson snorts, and Tristram quite agrees. Emily's aunts are nice enough, but they giggle an awful lot and act like they have secrets, just like the 'silly goose group' (his own name for a group of four or five girls in his class who act very much like silly geese all the time).
Sherlock rolled onto his back to reach his phone on the bedside table where he'd put it to charge. "Just after eleven."
Tristram has a very clear memory from when he was about three years old of Father taking out that pocket knife and flipping out the miniature magnifying glass to inspect a scratch on their door knocker and then concluding that Uncle Mycroft was up in their flat. He was, too. That's the first time Tristram consciously remembers being aware of his father's specific talent for taking seemingly unimportant facts and extrapolating meaningful - and sometimes startling - conclusions from them. And so it would just be nice if he also had a magnifying glass in his pocket knife. But he doesn't see any other models. Maybe he can ask the shop assistant.
"All right," Doctor Watson agrees and flips back to the beginning. "You comfortable there, Em?"
The stray, intrusive thought popped up in Sherlock's mind of what kind of mother-in-law John thought Sherlock's mother would be, before he brutally squashed it. Where in the world had that come from?
"No, just some... no," Sherlock mumbles vaguely. "Thinking," he adds. His eyes are still closed.
He handed her the contract back. "Thank you," he said with feeling. "You do my cold heart good. And no. You like my mother. You won't want to give her a stroke. Now what about Mr Park?"
"God help me," Doctor Watson says, and kisses him.
It was a novel angle, Sherlock had to admit, one he'd never even considered (which said rather a lot about his sympathies right there), but John was going to have to dig deeper to touch Moran.
"Deeper, John. I need a bigger one, I'm all stretched out."
"It'll be cute. Secretly they want to," John assured him. Sherlock might have argued the point, but admittedly he had never been very good at judging emotional motivation in others. He had a hard enough time of it with his own.
"It doesn't matter what anyone says," John went on. "You're not a freak. Bit of a dick, maybe." He grinned, and the tension broke.
Tristram returns the book to its place, and together they follow Uncle Mycroft back to his office.
Doctor Watson laughs and grabs her pillow out from under her head so he can swat her body with it through the cover. She shrieks with laughter and curls up to protect herself.
Tristram notices that they are still working on transferring the backpack from Doctor Watson to Father. They are both holding it, and Father's hand is over Doctor Watson's.
Emily looks hurt. "Do you not want me to come?"
"Dinner was at four. It's now ten." Mycroft steps aside to let them in.
"I think they're kissing," Emily whispers.
Doctor Watson, though, quickly points out that the couch can be pulled out into a second double bed, and sets about doing so, with Tristram and Emily assisting while Father busies himself getting his electronics set up and logged into the hotel's network.
The suggestion of a future encounter before this one had even begun was enough to put a broad smile on my face, and I clapped him on the shoulder, feeling rather puffed up and not quite sure what to do next.
He wants Sherlock to see what he's been reduced to. Hopes it makes him angry. Hurts him, in some way, although John's not quite sure how; he wouldn't have been the cuckolded party. But in some way, Sherlock is responsible for the fact that John and Mary are married. Not just because he helped with the wedding planning, but because he never—not once, even though there were times (too many) when John, guiltily, hoped he might—never did he object or try to convince John not to marry her.
"He- What happened when you were seven?"
He took a small amount of convincing but soon agreed quite readily to my proposal, and I subsequently discovered his juice to be sweeter, his tongue more devious, his fingers more nimble, and his mouth more succulent than I had dared imagine. We indulged, nay gorged, on each other with abandon, awash in an ecstasy I had only glimpsed from afar in previous encounters. I knew no limits nor did I wish any. His enthusiastic exclamations, blissful sighs, quickened heart and twinkling eyes bore testimony to the fact that he found our private meetings equally delightful. In other words, the mutual satisfaction resulting from our augmented arrangement was both pronounced and hearty. I congratulated myself upon my wisdom, Watson upon his magnificent endowments, and our landlady on her deaf ears and early bedtimes.
They also hadn't said anything about what would happen after the play, when they no longer had the common denominator of the school to structure their interactions. Sherlock knew John was actively looking for another job, a real job that would utilise his professional skills, and without Sherlock's input it was very likely going to mean John moving away or at the very least not having unlimited amounts of time to spend with Sherlock. Maintaining any sort of contact under those circumstances would mean making a concerted effort, something John might not be willing to do for the meagre return (especially given the still undefined nature of whatever this was they were doing). And Sherlock, for his part, wasn't interested in being someone's booty call.
Doctor Watson pushes his chair back and straightens his jeans, then steps away from the table. On his way past the couch, he leans over and squeezes Tristram's foot through the cover. "Good night, Tris."
John laughs. "Christ, yes, that's the plan. You are never getting within ten yards of a firearm, if I have anything to say about it."
"Okay, never mind, I'm sure you do." John pursed his lips, both amused and embarrassed. "I just think slow's been good so far. It's- We both have a lot to think about, yeah?" Sherlock's face must have betrayed something, because John rushed to assure him, "Not that I've changed my mind. I mean, that was- I'm going to be kicking myself when I get home for not going with you, but I don't want to mess this up. We should do this right. There are things we should probably talk about. Definitely. Talk about. And things we might need, and-" John looked away and shrugged his shoulders up to his ears and laughed at himself. "Fuck, I'm turning into a cross between a blushing teen and the health and hygiene bloke in fourth year."
"What's that for?" he asks.
Something unpleasant stirs in Sherlock's gut. Well, he can't make it much worse, he reasons. He's not leaving without getting some answers, at the very least.
John didn't reply immediately, so Sherlock set the phone aside and tried to concentrate on identifying lipstick brands from the paper cups he'd collected from the bin at Speedy's. After fifteen minutes of watching the phone out of the corner of his eye, he gave up and called for Gladstone.
Time: 14:18
John switched the dildo back on and enjoyed the way Sherlock's body automatically twitched to get away from the sudden sensation, then promptly arched back into it, seeking more. John obliged a bit by twisting the dildo around and hitting Sherlock's prostate once more, but then carefully pulled it back a couple of centimetres to ensure Sherlock's maximum frustration and focus while he sucked John's cock.
"I imagine I'll go see about getting the turkey up from the freezer before Mummy gets back," Mr Holmes said cheerfully and wandered off.
"Yes, John," Sherlock says sarcastically, "Mycroft is the mastermind behind the attacks on my street contacts and the murders of your wife and sister-in-law."
Tristram takes them through the garden first. There's a swing that Father strung up on a tree for him when he was very small. Doctor Watson looks a bit surprised when Tristram tells him that, and walks around inspecting the swing with great interest. In the summer, if he swings high enough, Tristram can kick the leaves with his feet. Now, the leaves are almost all gone, but he and Emily take turns standing on the seat of the swing (they don't want to sit and get their trousers wet) while Doctor Watson pushes them.
It does? Tristram's never seen anyone lose their breath before and have to be coached back into it. "Really?" he says dubiously.
Sherlock scowled and had to step aside to let a couple exit the restaurant (florist and a desk job of some kind, living together but only a few months, going to have sex as soon as they got home, all so obvious it made him want to scream).
"There wasn't," Tristram repeats irritably.
"She and her boyfriend," John said. "They'd been divorced for three years already. Split up as soon as Harry moved out. He couldn't stand to see her happy."
"Yeah, coffee would be great," John says. "And two hot chocolates." He points at Emily and Tristram.
"Fuck, you're good at that," he said, his voice rumbling low in his chest as he stroked her head fondly. "Come up here."
"Shinwell Johnson?" I asked, unable to keep the bitterness out of my voice.
"I would have liked to play for her," Sherlock says. He can picture it too. John smiling at him in that way he used to, fondness mixed with a bit of what might be pride. He should have played for John more often. He didn't think it important back then, those quiet moments. He'd always been out for action, excitement, and stimulation, and John thrived on all of that too, so it was good.
When the final bell rang, Watson went out to make sure that galoshes and mittens ended up on the correct extremities while Sherlock tidied the room. Sherlock heard the last little voices calling out, "See you tomorrow, Mr Watson!" and then Watson was back inside, perched on one of the pupils' desks.
John appears to be momentarily distracted by the expanse of pale skin. "Sorry," he says when Sherlock turns around again. "She works here?"
Sherlock blanked his expression. John wasn't following the standard reaction pattern of agitation, apologies, and attempts at humour. He was holding Sherlock's eye, speaking firmly, not backing off. Sherlock must have misinterpreted.
"Never mind," Sherlock muttered. He pushed his soup away. Everything was suddenly too close. Why was John still sitting next to him? The other side of the table was free now. He should have moved immediately when the other man left, but he hadn't. He'd stayed there - here - sharing Sherlock's space, comfortable, not crowding or taking advantage, just sitting and listening and … and being sympathetic, for heaven's sake. It was unexpected and inconvenient, and Sherlock wanted him both to go away and never to leave.
John had pointed that out too, when they first got the pictures. Tristram flips the plastic trinket back and forth quickly several times. It almost has the effect of a flip book. He watches, fascinated, as his features morph into his father's and back, over and over.
"Sherlock, are you sure everything's all right?"
"No, I'm ready, I want to-"
"I don't think he saw anything, Sherlock," Doctor Watson says quietly. "It's more of what I was telling you last night."
"Yeah, but that can't have been everything!" John hisses.
However, the nagging feeling that he should really, really tell Emily about their fathers has become nearly overwhelming. Especially now that he may have messed things up so thoroughly. Maybe she will have an idea of how to fix it. Because even though he wants things to go back to how they were before, with just him and his father and the cases, he's not sure if that's possible now. If his father stops being friends with Doctor Watson, that would be like Tristram ending his friendship with Emily (and in fact, it might really result in him not seeing Emily again), which would make him very unhappy indeed. And he doesn't want to be the reason for his father's unhappiness.
John's eyes crinkle with amusement. "Bears repeating."
It's been over an hour. Seventy-three minutes. They're watching
"John..." Sherlock moaned.
John's hand stops moving. "You're not trying to scare me off, are you?" The question is posed teasingly, and Sherlock chuckles.
Sherlock literally had to bite his tongue at this point to stop himself from making a sound of disagreement. John was definitely someone; not the person he looked like at first glance, to be sure. Someone better.
Tristram starts to close the door behind them, but Emily grabs the handle before it falls all the way shut and whispers, "Leave it open a bit so we can hear."
"Against an enemy deserving of reprimand or punishment," I pleaded. "Not my dearest, most beloved companion."
Father closes his eyes too. He pushes his face down closer to Doctor Watson's. They're not quite kissing, but their noses are smushed together. "John..." Father breathes out, barely audible.
"That's good," Doctor Watson says, sounding about as convinced as Tristram is. "I just had the feeling... And I know you probably don't want to talk about it, but I think it's important."
By the time the afternoon lessons began, John seemed to have put the lunchtime incident behind him, although he was perhaps a bit quieter and more reserved than usual. But at least he was looking at Sherlock and speaking civilly and even smiling from time to time. While the children gave their book reports, Sherlock kept himself occupied planning the best way to approach Mycroft.
They go all the way down to the basement level, and emerge in a poorly lit concrete corridor suffused with the hum of behind-the-scenes machinery. Tristram smells laundry and exhaust, but they don't see anyone. At the end of the hallway is another door, but this one's unlocked, at least on their side, and leads to the garbage bins behind the hospital.
"I thought you'd be out all day," Doctor Watson says with some surprise, but also with some caution.
Anyway, back to the experiment. So far, John didn't seem to suspect anything. He'd been surprised the first couple of times - granted, he probably didn't even remember the first couple of times, he'd been so far gone - but it had almost become something of a ritual now. When John stumbled unsteadily into the flat, murmured a greeting and headed directly for the loo, Sherlock would calmly remove the glass vial from his pocket - having secreted it there earlier when he deduced John would be out imbibing - take a glass from the drainboard and put three careful drops into the bottom. Then he would put the glass back on the counter and wait until John emerged.
"Chapter five," Emily tells him, and squeezes in a little closer to Tristram.
"Oh my God. You can give that to me later too. I'm so tired I don't even know what I'm saying anymore." I love you, was what he wanted to say. So much I don't know what to do with it. Maybe some of the message came across through his expression, because he saw the same thing reflected in Sherlock's eyes, in his smile, in the hand sliding down his arm to grip his hand beneath the cover.
By the time the cheese in the pot is little more than a thick layer of goo at the bottom and all that's left in the bread basket are a few crumbs, Father and Doctor Watson have quieted, sharing confidential smiles and an occasional chuckle. They're leaning so close their shoulders are touching, talking about something that Tristram lost track of a while ago.
Emily sucks on her vermicelles a bit, eying Irene coolly. "He's not going to kiss you, you know," she finally decides is the appropriate response.
"There you are," John said.
"Nothing," Tristram says, thinking quickly to come up with a reason for asking that isn't the real reason. "I was just wondering if he kept you up snoring."
John lowered his arms. "I know you're going to have a smoke," he said, pursing his lips.
In fact, Sherlock was so distracted by the music and the enthusiasm on the stage that he let his attention wander from Moriarty. A mistake (probably; he wasn't sure he would have been able to stop him even if he had divined his intentions earlier), for as the scenery was being switched out in preparation for the next number, Moriarty took advantage of the brief flurry of activity to quickly run up the steps and take centre stage.
"As a matter of fact, he does." Sherlock couldn't have said what was making him continue, other than the mad desire to make James Moriarty eat humble pie. Moriarty would know it was all a lie by this time tomorrow, but Sherlock didn't much care what Moriarty thought of him. What he did care about was putting the same look on Moriarty's face that John had put on Anderson's, humiliating him like he was doing his best to do to Sherlock. It was petty, but it would feel good, and it would make Moriarty go away. An appeal to honour wouldn't work here. Moriarty had no honour or sense of shame. What he craved was fame and influence, and what he had was a narcissist complex. If there was one thing he couldn't stand, it was a rival getting one up on him. And so Sherlock aimed, thrust, and delivered his fatal blow: "He's coming down with a crew to film us. They're making a feature film out of it. I'm surprised you didn't know, with your connections." The last word dripped with derision.
Of course he wants to. Obvious. Tristram has no doubt about that. "Just tell him," he repeats, even though he knows he's won the argument. Father may take a while to get around to it, but he'll do it eventually.
!" he yells at the device.
"What's that last one?" John asked
The tree John had in mind was a monstrosity that would never fit in the entryway of the school, but Sherlock thought that was appropriate payback to Lestrade for sending him on this errand in the first place. Let him deal with where to put it. He let John and the lot attendant wrestle the tree into the back of the van (Sherlock wasn't about to get sap all over his leather gloves), and drove back to the school. The whole way, John was giving him funny looks, as if he wanted to ask something but kept holding back. Sherlock almost snapped at him to be out with it, but he was wary of it being another invitation to have a Sausage Sizzler. He suspected that he would say yes this time, and he wasn't sure he was ready for that yet. He still needed to sort out where exactly John might fit into his life.
There was something deeply satisfying in watching John eat. Sherlock had noticed that from the very start, that night at Angelo's. The way he appreciated every bite; not necessarily concentrating on the food, none of that mindfulness nonsense, but simply unconsciously responding to the flavours, the textures. Sherlock always knew whether John liked what he was eating, whether or not he said it out loud. Whether or not John was even thinking about it himself.
"Well, I'm not going to tell her we tricked her into having sex with both of us while the other was watching from the closet, no. And I probably won't tell her I've been sharing a bed with you the whole time I've been dating her. But yeah," he sighed, "I'll tell her about us. In fact, I'd like to... I'd like to be able to tell everyone."
As hard as it is to be around Sherlock—to see how slowly he moves when he emerges from his bedroom in the morning, to hear the little inadvertent grunts of discomfort whenever he twists his torso a little too far, to register his breath becoming ever so slightly laboured when he climbs the stairs—as hard as that is, John honestly doesn't know what might happen if he had to live in the same house as Mary right now. In fact, if it were just her, he'd...
"We'd best get inside before she sends Mycroft out after us then," he said briskly. "Unless you're keen on giving him an eyeful?"
After lunch - fish fingers and mash - Tristram and Emily are about to go upstairs to work some more on their time machine, which Emily brought with her, when they hear the door open downstairs. Doctor Watson goes out into the hall, but Tristram knows even before he says anything that it's his father. His footfalls are unmistakable, and they are firm and quick on the stairs, which makes Tristram feel better right away.
Sherlock remembered exactly how it went. John used the bathroom first, while Sherlock put on his pyjamas. Then Sherlock took his turn, while John got Gladstone settled in his dog bed. When Sherlock returned, John was already in bed, lying back with his hands behind his head, watching Sherlock. He smiled, and Sherlock's chest hurt with how much he loved this man.
She nods and stands up. Doctor Watson sits on the floor next to Tristram and leans in close so he can whisper to him. "I know what you're thinking, and it's great that you're following your dad's instructions so well. He's going to be really proud of you. But I called them. Okay?" he says, giving Tristram an earnest look. "They're really paramedics, and there's really an ambulance outside waiting to take you to the hospital. It's not a trap. Do you trust me?"
"All right, now that's just spooky. How the
"Don't you dare bring her into this. She's--" John stops and sags. "Shit."
&&&&&&
The man smiles and lifts his cigarette to his lips again. When he's blown out his mouthful of smoke, he says, "That's what they do."
It had started out with a case, as these things tended to. The victims had all been given something that mimicked a benzodiazepine, yet failed to show up as such in their blood or urine. Sherlock took up the challenge to try and recreate the unknown drug. As it was impractical to observe the effects on himself, he needed a guinea pig, and that was obviously going to be John. He tested everything on himself first, of course, to make sure it was safe - he wasn't about to poison the man. But due to his history with mind-altering substances, he was frustratingly resistant to his chemically engineered molecules.
When the food comes - with cooked carrots and peas, which Emily wrinkles her nose at but John insists she eat - Tristram is confronted with the problem of how to tackle the huge piece of meat, since he can't cut it with one hand. Rather than ask someone to cut it for him - which he's much too old for - he decides to just spear the entire thing with his fork and bite off the edges. It works excellently, and he is much pleased. He can't help, though, teasing Emily about eating nuggets made of poo. She opens her mouth and gives him a good look at the chewed-up mass in retaliation. Tristram decides he's not very keen on ever eating chicken nuggets again.
There's a lot. It's all the spaghetti from dinner too, not just the bit of pie. He forgot about that.
"What, really?" Lestrade looked both disgusted and curious.
Sarah put her hands on his buttocks and added what little strength she had left in her arms to his thrusts.
"Yes, because a term and a half of training as a classical violinist makes me the go-to person for herding a pod of illiterate year threes through twenty minutes of flubbed lines, costume malfunctions, and backstage meltdowns."
Tristram waits until he hasn't heard any talking from the bedroom for several minutes before he opens his eyes again and ventures to speak.
"I don't agree because it's an asinine-" Father begins, but Grandmother doesn't let him get any further.
John shuffles his shoulders against the pillow. He's lying on his back with his feet toward the door so he has a clear view of both the door to the outer hall and the passage to the kitchen. "I'm fine here."
"Wait," John said. "What if..." He shook a finger, as if the answer were hovering in the air in front of him and he was trying to pinpoint its location. "You could call your brother." John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock in question. "Mycroft. He is your brother, right?"
Tristram shrugs, both proud that Doctor Watson values his opinion and apprehensive about him possibly not agreeing with it. "There are some kind of scary parts," Tristram says, "but I just remember that it's not real and then it's okay."
Sender: John
Emily groans and says, "Boring," but she smiles at the same time so he knows she doesn't hold it against him. Tristram feels a bit bad anyway. He doesn't want Emily to think he's boring. But he really is pretty tired.
Doctor Watson looks sceptical. "Are you sure that's... I mean, is that wise? Basil Rathbone and Henry Brown are known quantities now."
"He's fine. I talked to him," Sherlock says stiffly.
"You love him," Irene says suddenly, as if it's only just occurred to her.
Emily actually finishes her homework first, and Uncle Mycroft lets her investigate the big floor globe with bumps where the mountains are while Tristram finishes answering his reading questions.
John raises his eyebrows. "Speaking of."
That made sense, in a way. Although John had never worried about putting people on the spot before, but what he probably meant was that he didn't want to put himself on the spot, open up a discussion of his private life. That's why he'd mentioned his past, unfortunate marriage.
"She's only just got back. She's not some ping-pong ball, you know," Harry says fiercely. "You can't keep dragging her from here to Timbuktu."
Tristram is worried about missing more school, but Father told him everything has been taken care of. It's not as if he could complete his assignments now anyway, considering that he can't write. And even if they weren't going away, he'd still be staying home at least another week because of his back. Maybe they'll be back by then anyway.
He crawls to the foot of the bed and lifts the sheet. Emily is already standing by the door. He gives up the pretense of trying to keep his voice down. "He's probably asleep," he points out. Although where, is an interesting question. One that Tristram isn't sure he wants to know the answer to.
"It's not that simple."
"Maybe they wanted to kiss." Tristram can't think of anything else. Even though John said that they might see him and Father hugging or kissing and he didn't want them to be uncomfortable about it, Tristram's noticed they're always careful to go into another room when they want to kiss each other more than just a quick greeting or good-bye.
Sherlock looks up abruptly. "Where are you going?" He seems a bit startled.
Ah yes, that was it. Sherlock resumed walking, satisfied that he'd hit upon the solution (and not the slightest bit let down that it mightn't be a purely social invitation): John wanted to talk about those incidents, find out what he'd possibly done wrong. But that was precisely the point: John had done nothing wrong. He'd simply been himself. And that was exactly what Sherlock was unable to deal with. So, yes, he did fancy meeting up with John. Which was why he couldn't. He tapped out a quick negative response without breaking stride.
"No, this would be all your doing. You'd-" John ducks his head and squeezes his eyes shut. He presses his thumb and forefinger against them. "Hell," he says after a moment, then clears his throat. "Sorry. But do you see? I wanted... I wanted her to be yours, Sherlock." He turns his head to look at Sherlock. His blue eyes are pink at the edges.
Instead, Sherlock hitched himself up just a few centimetres higher and braced his penis with one hand to drive downward and with sudden force into John, aiming for that elusive spot. He didn't generally make any particular effort to stimulate John's prostate. He didn't have that kind of dexterity in his penis anyway, no point in trying. Maybe he did happen to hit it sometimes during intercourse, but that was more luck than skill. It wasn't that he didn't want John to enjoy it. Not exactly. But knowing John wasn't here to get his rocks off was satisfying in a different way than mutual orgasms. Sherlock was aware some people would say it was also a bit not good. That's why John was here and they weren't.
John would use the bathroom first while Sherlock put on his pyjamas, and then Sherlock would take his turn while John got settled. And maybe Sherlock would wander back down to the living room if he still had something on that held his interest, or maybe he would slide into bed beside John; and then maybe they would make love, familiar and steady and still taking Sherlock's breath away. Or maybe they would turn the light off and Sherlock would tell John the things he'd discovered and thought about and wondered that day, and John would smile against his shoulder and tell him he was daft and mad and brilliant.
Tristram tells Emily about
Sherlock shrugged. "Happiness doesn't come into it. Are you happy about being left-handed or the fact that your parents are from Scotland?"
When this had continued for some minutes I began to feel quite distant, yet pleasantly so, as in the moments just before sleep hits. It was not that the pain in my arms and sides had disappeared, but it no longer demanded the entirety of my attention; indeed, I felt as if my attention were drifting away entirely.
Moriarty stares at her, his eyes round with pretended enchantment. "What a pretty story," he says in a high, wondering voice before his demeanour suddenly becomes something close to feral. "There's just one problem. This cow has the bird's wings clipped. All I have to do is send one little file to Children's Services and you'll be lucky to end up with supervised visitation once a month. Not that you'd be able to make much use of that from prison, which is where they put naughty little girls like you."
---ooo---
John bumped his knee against Sherlock's, which was completely unexpected and made Sherlock's heart hiccup with a sort of limping hope.
Sherlock gripped John's elbow more firmly. "Please. I'd like it if... Just knowing you're here."
"When I get better," Tristram clarifies. "When my hand and my back are better."
Soon after returning, Sherlock starts receiving body parts that have been removed from members of his homeless network as a way of sending him threatening messages. One of the messages consists of a pie with a finger in it, which Tristram unwittingly eats a piece of. Fearing that Tristram has been poisoned, Sherlock calls John. When John arrives, a sniper tries to shoot him in the same manner that John killed Moran. Tristram sees the laser sight from the sniper's rifle and pushes John out of the way, resulting in the bullet hitting Tristram in the hand.
"I didn't see anything," Tristram says, because that seems to be the crux of the problem. Maybe if he makes that clear, everyone will stop being upset.
"I don't mind if we don't read it," Tristram volunteers.
No, shutting that thought down right there. This is why he's here tonight, at this faceless hotel out by the airport. He doesn't want to think about that, doesn't need to, thank God, because it's not just her. His child is there too, his son or daughter, and that's why it's better this way.
"Ah, John," Sherlock interjected soberly, "I'm afraid you don't have the full story. You see, Mr Moran here wrote a nice little review of my first effort."
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and pulled him over so he was lying half on top of John's chest, and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "That. Was spectacular," he sighed, his voice still rough.
Mycroft's lip curled in what John recognised as a sure sign of escalation. Before he could say anything, though, John jumped in: "How about you go with your mother now," he told Mycroft, "and we'll stay here. You can bring her back in the morning then head down to London if you need to."
"Do you want a taste, Daddy?" Emily holds out a big spoonful for him.
"Watson, look at me if you please."
"Your poor teachers. Turnabout's fair play now then, I guess. Although I don't think any of our kids could put anything past you."
Tristram shakes his head. After Doctor Watson gave Sebastian and his friends a talking-to, they never bothered him and Emily directly any more, although they still whispered and snickered about them from across the school yard or the lunch room. But since Friday Afternoon, even that has stopped.
It's morning. Technically. It's still pitch black out, but Tristram knows he's not going to be able to sleep any more. If he has even slept at all. He must have - he doesn't think he would have been able to lie motionless staring at nothing for six hours without drifting off. But it doesn't feel like he's slept. His whole body aches, his mind is racing, and his eyes and mouth are sticky and dry. He's not ill; he can tell the difference. It's like it was just before his father took him out of his old school, when he'd lain awake night after night trying not to think about what had happened at school the day before, or how he could possibly avoid it happening again.
"What about Mycroft's room?"
At the top of the stairs, Sherlock, weighed down with a box of books - honestly, had John never heard of e-books? - turned left toward the second bedroom, only to hear John stop behind him.
They sit there staring each other down for several interminable moments. Sherlock is the first one to back down. "No," he says soberly. "You're not. Which is why I am pleading with you: let me have this. Let
"I wouldn't mind stretching my legs a bit," John suggested. "Walk off some of those biscuits. We'll be sitting for an hour on the way back anyway."
They borrow umbrellas from the stand in the front hall. The only shoes Tristram and Emily have are their school shoes, so they stick to the paths, rather than cutting across the lawn as Tristram normally would. Their feet are still wet within a matter of minutes.
Sherlock makes an affirmative noise.
"I'm at Victoria right now, getting into a cab," Father tells him. "I'll be there in fifteen minutes. Stay where you are."
John's jaw clenches again. "That was a small price to pay for my sanity. For the ability to function at a bare minimum."
"Mycroft--" John begins, but Sherlock shouts over him:
, even if he cringed at the thought that might be something he was in need of. And this was the only place in the world he could find that. Not at 221B Baker Street per se, but with John. Because he'd lived here without John once, and no matter how familiar the rooms, no matter how comfortable the furnishings and forgiving the landlady, the place was utterly devoid of anything worthwhile without John in it.
"Do tell, how's Big Brother? Done quite well for himself, as I hear. At least there's one son the family can be proud of. I doubt he has much interest in a piddling Nativity, much less the Baker Street version."
They are in the middle of having a friendly argument over whether the jewelry made from human hair is gross or not, when they hear Doctor Watson say, "Here you are!"
Tristram nods, but the awkward feeling stays with him for the rest of the break.
