“You still at Barts then?” John had asked.
Sherlock leaned back and enjoyed the warm water soaking against his tense muscles. It was awkward, leaving his right leg out of the bath, but it was worth it for the sake of some peace. He had returned home after the bullet wound was stitched up and bandaged. Some fluids and anti-biotics and an hour of rest in the hospital and he was able to be delivered home. Mycroft used his influence to get him released into John’s care once more, although it was likely the hospital was more than happy to oblige after John’s overprotective, overbearing behaviour, and Sherlock himself being fairly unbearable as well.
“Very much so it seems,” John replied, and he hated how jealous it sounded.
The room was too bright, so he squinted a bit to block some of the light out.
“You could hold the wood in place while I hammer in the nails?” John offers.
“Oh, you know, just… things. This and that, nothing important.” He looks at Sherlock, hoping the answer is sufficient, but Sherlock is far too intrigued now, and waits for a better answer.
“Right,” he nodded. “Right,” he repeated, more to himself this time, as he looked her up and down. “I didn’t realise he was still getting treatment,” he commented.
Sherlock looked over at John as if he had grown two heads.
“Oh, for god’s sake!” John let out in annoyance, before steadying himself again. Sometimes living with Sherlock felt like raising a teenager. It reminded him of when he was in charge of Harry and he could never keep her under control either. He knew a large percentage of his frustrations were really residual trauma from those days and not really Sherlock’s fault. “Thanks Molly,” he said more calmly. “I think I’ll take it from here. We’re going to go straight upstairs and get him admitted.”
“Molly call you, did she?” John’s voice was so hard. Sherlock couldn’t deal with hearing it sound so hard.
“Jesus, Sherlock!” he let out on a gush of air.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock reassured him.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head. John could see a flicker of fear and doubt cross James’ face as he hesitated. He looked across at Sherlock who was shrivelling into himself. John felt ill looking at the state of him. He clenched his jaw tightly in anger and concern, his jaw muscle rippling. It was a warning to James.
and that’s all that really matters.”
“Where’s John?” Sherlock asked again from the room, absently, letting his eyes flick back to the mirror. John’s focus was pulled back to the interview and he felt naked under Sherlock’s scrutiny, as if Sherlock could see him through there, though he knew that wasn’t the case. Sherlock would probably have already deduced that John would have arrived there as quickly as possible and that Greg was conspicuously absent right now. “
“But… to not tour anymore?” John sounds angry.
Once he settled himself into the incredibly comfortable office chair and figured out the log in information and file locations, he was shocked to find how many files he was viewing. Hours and hours of footage of the same damn street. Trying to learn from silent footage, who frequented the location for exercise, who used the café and the dry cleaners regularly, who lived in the apartments above. Twenty-three lives lost, apparently. Surely, he had misunderstood. It was too late to save any of them. But perhaps this task would lead to finding the identity of the bomber and would save other lives. They had never been caught, and if he could help bring this person to justice, he would do what he could, even if he didn't quite understand why.
“Yes?”
“How do we do this, then? Us. I mean, is seeing each other twice a year going to be enough?” The question hurts, as it leaves his mouth, and he can see Sherlock’s face drop.
“Mmmm,” John agreed. He really
“Well I don’t want you to change who you are just for me,” John says firmly.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance.
“Tour is over. I have some days off before I’m needed in London. Thought I might come here, enjoy the snow.”
He looks incredible in a tailored pair of navy trousers and a light blue shirt, sleeves rolled to the elbow, top two buttons undone. Elegant and casual. It takes John’s breath away for a moment as he realizes he had completely forgotten just how stunning this man could be.
Fully dressed, he gets some firewood and kneels beside the fireplace. He does have central heating up here, but the fireplace makes for a more comfortable warmth. Outside, the wind is rattling against the shutters, but he notices the sound of a car that stops briefly, then turns and makes its way down the hill again. John doesn’t pay it any attention. He’s humming along to the music, stacking the wood, happily.
“Molly?” Sherlock said with genuine surprise.
For now this was just a random body. How Sherlock happened to also be here could be completely unrelated.
Thursday 5:22pm
They pass another village name that Sherlock would love to hear pronounced with a British accent. By someone in particular with a British accent. The thought makes him smile, and the driver seems to pick up on that, her eyes meeting his in the front mirror.
time travel?” he asked, feeling stupid just saying it aloud, as they reached the team, who were busily working.
“I mean, more than that, obviously. I love you. I’ve
– and trailing behind them on his crutches still, was John. He was not looking in Sherlock’s direction. His father was speaking, and John was listening in, looking very obedient. They stopped in the foyer for a moment, to get their bearings.
“No,” John pauses, giving Sherlock a look of sympathy, a moment of understanding, and fires a look at Mycroft again, which infuriates Sherlock.
him. Do you hear me? Stay well away,” Sherlock warned.
“What do you mean?” he asked, looking to John for answers, his eyes full of expectation and confusion. John wasn’t used to being the person with the answers, especially not during a case. It felt completely unsettling.
The man stops suddenly and looks surprised to see John standing in the yard of this house. John becomes very self-conscious and realizes he is, in fact, an intruder to this place, in a way. The locals would know Mike’s brother, and he hadn’t considered that his presence might cause alarm. The man eyes John carefully for a moment but quickly puts his attention back to the excited animal.
As she leaned over the bath water, to reach in, Sherlock happened to open his eyes, just in time to see a silver chain fall from the constraints of her buttoned shirt, the weight of the heavy silver band on the chain slipping over the precipice of her cleavage, dangling precariously towards the plug hole, but safe on the long chain. He had noticed before that she wore a chain around her neck, assuming it was some sort of cross, or locket. Something private, to be hidden below her clothes like that, not an ornament to be displayed and talked about. As his eyes focussed better, he realised what it was… a silver ring.
Sherlock nodded gently, his eyes dropping to the floor, unable to look at John now that he was so close.
about this decision. Go over and talk to him, you berk. We’ve got this.”
it, you git.”
“Sherlock,” he scolded, looking decidedly parental, "I think a new case, some scenery might be good for you…mate.” He placed the endearment uncomfortably, hoping to be persuasive, but realising it was unlike their usual interaction, so it didn’t ring true.
“You really don’t know do you?” John hesitated.
talking now. You act all high and mighty and you’ve put all these rules in place, around this particular moment in time, because he’s your bloody brother?!”
“Oh but I do. He was a liar, and a cold bastard and he never gave a bloody second thought to anyone else. He didn’t care about anybody but himself. He most certainly didn’t care about me.” John was cold and angry now.
“John, come on, don’t be like that,” Sherlock said, a little more gently, this time. “None of that matters now. Let’s not keep thrashing this out. I’m
“We don’t.”
“You’re in a hospital in Belgrade, brother. John isn’t here,” Mycroft said. Strangely, he didn’t make eye contact as he said it and Sherlock couldn’t work out whether it was guilt, or if he was lying.
Sherlock nodded but didn’t say anything. There was no judgement. John wondered if Sherlock was worried he would leave without saying anything to
“No,” John says angrily, storming to the kitchen, to start putting the groceries away. “You mean
He suspected he would be getting a lot of flack for this next week. But before John could respond, his father came rushing into the room.
He held up his hand to silence Sherlock. “No, listen, I never thought I would even get to
“Should I check you’re not actually having a stroke or something?” John teased, suddenly.
Sherlock’s nose pointed to the ceiling in defiance. John stood watching him, trying to figure out from his posture what this was. Sherlock’s toe was tapping incessantly on the rug.
Sherlock walks over, still listening, but begins unbuttoning John’s shirt slowly for him and nodding as he listens. John swallows loudly, making eye contact with Sherlock, before shaking his head clear to keep telling the story.
you. I…” he laughed for a moment. “You think
“I’m not sure if I’m ready to just up and move in here with Rosie though.”
The frustration was real. Days were bleeding into one another and Sherlock’s once astute mind had become a foggy grey mulch – like the stale cold porridge he was being fed. It was a challenge to even stay conscious these days or keep track of how the hours passed. He
He stopped to look for a reaction from Sherlock, for any sign that he was remorseful, and when it didn’t come, when Sherlock just stood helplessly watching John unravel, it tipped him over the edge. “But no! You were dancing! Dancing and making out with a complete stranger. Someone who has either framed you for a murder, or given you the weapon and the means to be responsible… for this… this…”
“My pleasure, John. I trust you completely with his care. I meant that when I first said it. And I will do what I can to help with the information,” he said, looking to Greg again. “Can I hold onto these for an hour or so?” he asked, pointing at the file. “I’ll bring them back to Baker Street this afternoon, once I’ve had a chance to look them over.”
“Sarah—” John began, a little guiltily. He wasn’t used to being doted over. He wasn’t sure he was comfortable with it when he was weak and lying down.
Seeing no one blocking his path, John ran back to the small study room, his gun held high, but the room was empty. Sherlock had gone.
,” John argued. “Surely you want to help him to—”
“I don’t know her,” he said more firmly, and John thought he seemed very much to be trying to convince himself more than anyone else.
“I was the one who checked up on you a couple of weeks ago, Sherlock.
“John, I know you want to feel productive, useful,” Donovan softened a little.
“I just thought…with Rosie…it might be…this girl might remind him…well you’ll see,” he said awkwardly.
“Secret tier?” John asked.
you,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock leans in and places the nail in the right place again. They are standing so close together, that John catches the smell of Sherlock’s shampoo and aftershave. It’s a heady scent and his heart gives a momentary flutter as he tries to concentrate on the job at hand. Sherlock’s arm muscles are straining as he focuses his energy into keeping the nail steady and lines up the hammer again. It catches John off guard to be so affected by this virtual stranger, this new friend. Is this friendship, or admiration, or a genuine crush?
She smiles at him through the mirror. “Sind gleich da. Zehn Minuten.”
“Hmmm no. No, I didn’t,” John agreed, nodding and smiling. “That was a nice surprise.”
to tame them. He used his whitest school shirt and even ironed it. He took extra time to make his tie as perfect as he could. It was ridiculous. John wasn’t interested in him. Not in that way. He was clearly making a play for Sarah. Sarah was conventional and beautiful, and smart but demure. John would appreciate the way she giggled at his jokes. Sherlock had seen her touch his arm as she laughed at something he said in lunch break the other day. She gave him her undivided attention like he was her whole world. Sherlock felt a sudden pang in his chest like the one he had the other day, as he had sat off to the side under his tree and watched them at a table across the quadrangle.
he have John?” Greg asked, dubiously. After that little display in the holding cell, he was worried.
“Just relax,” John says in a soothing voice.
both known him longer,” Mycroft pointed out.
“I don’t understand why you waited so long.”
“I think he’s critical to the case. I need to spend more time there. I think he has vital information we need. He knows something. I’m sure of it.”
“Okay…” John is still dubious but he opens the box to find a key inside.
“Yes, and why
“It’s fine. Five minutes will be plenty. We are going to be fitted with cameras so we can film while we are there. You’ll be able to bring it back and watch it all. You’ve become quite skilled at it. Your reports have been excellent,” she said with a forced smile. “Now, we want to capture some footage from within the café. It will help us gather some more information, more detail to view. Try and find the likely location of the bomb, that sort of thing,” she said.
His phone buzzed in his back pocket suddenly, startling him from his thoughts until he fished it out. His old, slightly pathetic hand-me-down phone – several incarnations behind the rat race. Harry had given it to him on his return to London, so he had a phone, so she could reach him. Not that she ever did.
club.”
this case then?”
“I know,” he smiled in return. “Go.”
know that I want
“Sarah, I…that was…”
He had been in here before, on at least one of the offending drugs busts, although he hadn’t been on duty to deal with the dead kid last week. He was as unhappy as John clearly was, that Sherlock had been anywhere
“Okay got it.” John was excited by the thrill that went through him as he walked over to the café. The owner had opened the door and was still getting set up. The café was small, understated, but clean and charming. The counter had serving plates with muffins and pastries already waiting under glass covers. The menu behind the counter was simple and classic, and the sun shone in through the window, warming the famous front table. John could see why this would be a nice location to sit each morning for coffee.
John waves a hand dismissively, but doesn’t look up from his screen. Sherlock stands by the door, watching John for a while, before moving to the kitchen to finish making the tea John had started. He brings the tea over and places the cup beside John, suddenly stirring John from his moody silence.
“Tell me what’s going on. You’re freaking me out a bit. Is it me? You can tell me if it is. Are you… regretting this?”
He looks at the way Sherlock stands there, looking a bit posh, even in the clothes he is wearing. There is just something about the way he holds himself, how those curls are falling into his face.
“Sherlock.” John was suddenly worried again.
from now on.”
“What
John turns away, unable to watch. He can feel the days melting away into merely a few hours. How quickly would Sherlock’s manager be able to send a car and cut their wonderful time together short? He tries to busy himself: laundry, long overdue; checking up on the lettuce plants and watering them; putting away the dishes. Anything to try not to think, until Sherlock is back. He catches himself looking out of the window, but Sherlock is nowhere to be seen.
He managed to get to the classroom early enough to find a desk at the front, where he could lean his crutches on the wall, out of everyone’s way and not have to mingle outside. Sarah was late enough to class to have to sit elsewhere, but she made sure to flash John a flirtatious, happy smile. She had spent Sunday texting back and forth with him too. But that sort of casual, flirtatious texting was far easier for John to do mindlessly, than talking to Sherlock. Somehow responding to Sherlock had more weight.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed, not convinced, lifting his paper back up to feign disinterest, flicking it into position loudly.
“Mycroft told me. That he
And with that it was agreed, Mike would take him to meet the coach, and the boys went on chatting about something else as if it was just any other lunch break. Sherlock was surprised that he was allowed to stay. After a few minutes, he relaxed properly and just took in the group and all their interactions. He’d never sat in a group like this. Not for years. He never quite fit in anywhere. John put his arm around Sherlock comfortably as he ate his sandwich and Sherlock smiled quietly to himself, just enjoying the moment.
?!” Greg yelled back defensively, his patience running out. “When
“What?” Sherlock pulled up short, in shock.
“I am used to living in a city that never sleeps, and I’ve always kept terrible hours and I—”
?” he let out, making eye contact, and John realised Sherlock had tears in his eyes. John sat back in his chair suddenly shocked into silence, watching Sherlock madly wipe at his eyes trying to cover it up.
“Jesus Christ, Mycroft. Sometimes you are a piece of work,” John scoffed.
“Sherlock, there’s no time to muck around with this stuff. You’re in bad shape. Is none of this sinking in? You could have died.”
John knew Sherlock was never one to show weakness or admit defeat and he wondered if maybe Sherlock was just deflecting his fear and trying to rile John up for sport. It wasn’t the first time he’d done it. John was always an easy mark. He let out a long steadying breath.
“Oh, I
Without a doubt, Mycroft could see John's eyes were red and his face had been twisted in anguish. “What happened?”
“No, it’s okay. I can handle that, Sherlock. I can. You’re
“Well you have to open it first, obviously. It’s not just a box,” Sherlock laughs.
After a solid half hour of thinking and frustration which really didn’t improve things at all, John struggled through the change room door again, crutches getting tangled. He was ready to have a quick shower and get dressed for class. He cursed under his breath in frustration at the door, his mind elsewhere, and a smug voice caught him by surprise.
“John, have a seat,” Greg said roughly, unable to deal with his nervous energy any longer.
Anderson stopped typing and turned around at the mere suggestion. Both of them stared at John in shock. “God no. It’s enough to just—” Anderson began.
“Please,” Sherlock agreed.
“Your predecessors were unable to. I’m counting on you, Doctor Watson.”
He seemed to be taking in John’s dishevelled appearance: his hair was a scruffy, greasy mess, probably from running his hands through it in frustration too often. The bags under his eyes were extra puffy. He hadn’t rested a wink since arriving in the country. How could he?
had to stamp that image out.
“If he
On arrival at the police station, the usual suspects were waiting for processing: a homeless man grasping a green handbag that was clearly not his own, rocking and talking to himself; a large lady in very skimpy clothing looking frustrated and bored; and a loud single mother, yelling at the officer behind the counter, demanding to know the location of her son who had been brought in on charges. For a brief moment, John wanted to run in the other direction. The very idea that he had to walk in here and claim his partner – like this lady was trying to do with her child – demanding answers, and suddenly needing to be the intelligent one, was daunting. John had never needed to take the lead on their cases – except that one time in Baskerville when his military ranking suddenly became useful. How was he even supposed to get past the front counter? Sherlock had a way of demanding entry, barging in with a sense of importance, expecting everyone to know who he was. He never realised that the likes of Greg or his brother generally stepped in ahead to clear the way – or he
Sherlock is surprised by the request. “Why?”
He took another big gulp of his glass, hopeful to drown out some of the memory, when a movement caught his attention at the doorway. Unexpectedly, Mycroft Holmes stood, imposing, in the doorframe, the obscene scent of the bar seeming to catch his nose and cause him to sneer in disgust. He suspected Mycroft was determining whether he needed a drink badly enough to cross the threshold, or whether to back away slowly and forget about it. Greg smiled to himself; he had done exactly the same thing, although frequenting dives like this one was a more regular occurrence for him. He supposed Mycroft Holmes hadn’t been to an establishment like this, probably ever. The older Holmes didn’t spot Greg as he walked in, avoiding eye contact with everyone, assuming he would have no reason to know anyone. He quietly ordered a drink, as if the act in itself was shameful and took a moment to glance around, finally spotting Greg huddled at the end of the bar. He raised his eyebrows and gave Greg a brief once over, assessing him as only Mycroft could. It sent a shiver down Greg’s spine to be so closely scrutinised by him.
“God!” he yelled at no one in particular, before sitting back in his chair and putting his head in his hands. “Jesus Greg I’m sorry. This is such a mess! I can’t… I can’t
do. That was what Sherlock would want.
, trying to urge him awake. He couldn’t work out what it was,
John stood looking at the red door, trying to decide how best to approach it.
“Yeah, I’m not surprised. But look how that turned out!” Greg’s voice was raised in frustration as he leaned against the wall angrily.
“That was good wasn’t it?” Greg responded to her, realising Sherlock wasn’t going to speak.
Sherlock didn’t respond to that.
I do,” John says, with an eye roll.
It carries them, doesn’t make a sound, as they carefully walk to the middle. The sky above them is white. Sherlock lays down to look up at it, remembering how he swam here back in August when it had been blue.
“Ah my second husband was military,” she had smiled sadly. “Well, the quiet might feel unsettling at first for you then, but it’s a nice safe area. The only noises you’ll hear will be the wildlife. Don’t let that worry you too much.” She had packed his goods into a box and carried it out to the taxi for him. He felt a little guilty letting her, but the walking cane did give him a bit of an excuse at least. She handed him a card. “This is my number. You just give me a bell if you have any trouble, John.” She closed his door for him as he settled back in and gave a friendly wave as they continued on.
Lestrade was sitting opposite this young boy - the only way to describe him. He may have been twenty but possibly a little younger - old enough to know his responsibilities, young enough to make stupid decisions still. His face was drawn, exhausted. His light brown hair a spiky mess. It was clear he was in a state. Whether there were drugs or alcohol at play was yet to be determined, but he was definitely not in a good place, mentally. His clothes were un-ironed and too big for his skinny frame. He looked malnourished.
“Hmm, I’m still convinced you bought at least half of those copies to make me feel better about it.” John jokes, but there is a flicker of doubt, still, as if he can’t quite believe what a success his first-ever crime novel is.
“What for?” John asked. His body felt suddenly disconnected for a moment, like he was watching from outside himself.
there?”
“Love to,” she said with a professional smile.
John looked at Sherlock finally with eyes that burned through him with such anger. “Don’t you
“I’m s…”
“Yes, John. As I expected, it’s only a ‘two’, like I told you,” Sherlock replied, moving to his desk to shuffle the mess of papers around, opening the drawer and closing it again before stopping to look around the room thinking about where he had last put it.
“What?” Sherlock asked again, still confused.
“I don’t know how to…” he began, unable to find the words, his face collapsing in puzzlement again.
“Oh. Okay and?”
Sherlock suddenly slammed his fist on the wall beside the window in frustration. “NO!” He shouted without thinking.
John pushed up onto his elbows, not believing him. “Really? Are you… do you need anything? Are you—”
“We found a way to jump someone to where they wanted to be, for a length of time we could decide. And just send them there. It’s all determined here by the team and approved by Mycroft – it all requires approvals and cross-checking first, of course.”
(“Susi! Good morning, lovely lady!”)
“Oh Sherlock, you don’t ruin everything,” John said, moving onto the bed to be closer, crossing his legs and putting his hand back on Sherlock’s leg. “You’re the best thing to ever happen to me,” John said simply, as if it was the easiest thing in the world to admit, and that only made Sherlock more upset.
“Two victims now, with matching rings. Lots of tattoos, unsavoury characters. Could be gang related in some way, but their IDs are not coming up in our system with anything.”
“Well, maybe you do,” Sherlock admits with a gentle smirk. “But it’s kind of adorable.”
______________________
The look that crossed John’s face, imperceptible to most eyes. A tiny shift in muscles that Sherlock recognised because he knew John’s face and expressions so well. He’d loved every one of John’s expressions. He could see the fear, the grief, the confusion. It was all written there in those seconds. The look of something breaking inside him. Sherlock understood that feeling. It was the same feeling he got when he jumped into the skip and saw her too. That feeling that your universe had shifted on its axis.
branch of the network like that, brother dear. You’re slipping in your old age,” Sherlock goaded. “But good of you to send your… new
“Yes, can you… John can you help me? I’m just on the phone. But these idiots don’t know what they’re doing,” he says, pointing a look in the direction of the man John had been arguing with. “Can you just supervise, show them where everything is?” he begs.
“I don’t want to talk about it!” Sherlock yelled in frustration, stopping John short for a brief moment. Greg ran into the back of him before he could stop himself. They both muttered apologies to each other before leaning forward awkwardly in sync, craning their necks to try and take in the scene. The family lawyer stood near the bars of the cell and Sherlock had turned his back in an act of defiance. The older men stood to attention, both in three-piece, pin-striped suits – the armour of the upper class. Mycroft leaned impatiently on his umbrella with one hand, the other hand covering his face in frustration, his leather briefcase leaning against the wall. The other man – obviously the lawyer – had his yellow notepad out and silver pen in hand, expecting to take productive notes. Greg smirked to himself. This man had clearly not had to deal with Sherlock directly before. It was apparent that even in that short space of time of their absence, the pair had been arguing with Sherlock for long enough to drive all three of them insane.
. For a moment, I forgot what my life is. I forgot how often we do this. And I pulled you into it. It’s my fault,” John said apologetically.
Sherlock plays everything beautifully, but in sync with everyone else. It’s like he’s become part of a mass-produced musician machine. He’s at the head, sure enough, but it’s a machine nonetheless. The audience loves them all and is very appreciative but the longer the concert goes, the more John feels a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. The music is glorious and the very idea that spending more time with Sherlock means experiencing more of these special musical moments is definitely a positive, but John feels like he’s watching Sherlock’s own magic peeling away, note by note. Every minute he spends on stage playing in the orchestra, is a moment he’s not reaching his full potential and it breaks John. After one hundred minutes of it, something in him snaps.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me, I must go and prepare. Last rehearsal to sort out the horn section,” he says with a sigh.
It takes a moment to register the flickering lights as candles. John steps closer, his heart racing with anticipation. He quickens his steps, not quite running yet, but close to it. And then, he can finally see. Sherlock has outdone himself.
“Can I help?” he finally asked.
“I saw—”
“We’ll get you in a nice hot bath, clean up some of those wounds. Warm you up,” John said awkwardly, as he stood up and straightened out his clothes. He didn’t know what else to say, so he cleared his throat. “I’ll ah… leave you to it,” he offered, moving to the doorway, looking down, unable to face the moment. As he tried to move past Sherlock, a hand gripped his elbow fiercely. Sherlock’s hand snapped up instinctively to pull John against him, wrapping both hands around him violently. The moment caught John completely by surprise and he tensed without thinking, not ready for it, scared to let his guard down, unable to let the emotion touch him fully yet. Finally, he softened into the hug, grabbing Sherlock around the waist with equal intensity. A sob escaped from John’s chest as he finally took in the feel and the smell of him. They stayed locked in an embrace for a long time, Sherlock resting his head on John’s, and John could feel the shudder of Sherlock’s body still shivering and zinging from the trauma.
“I don’t think I can handle living in that flat with you, following you around the city, chasing you from case to case and not knowing if you’re hiding things – like apparently slowly dying on the inside. I mean, I’m a bloody doctor and I didn’t —”
“John, you won’t get clearance,” Mycroft said calmly in response.
“Yes, of course we know. Moriarty’s death was the trigger. It was his job to initiate the sequence. He died, so then we knew we had to prepare, to be ready. It was my job to remove the others and then take myself out of the game. But not before enacting his plan of destroying you both. You gave us time to make arrangements.”
They strolled a little further in silence, until they reached the end of the corridor. Mycroft absorbed the information so far. “Introduce us,” he finally demanded. There wasn’t time to waste, he had lost too much time already.
Sherlock looked at John for a long time, not speaking. The tension between them was unbearable as a bystander. They had plenty of practice at hurting one another and Greg felt painfully uncomfortable standing in the middle watching it unfold. Finally, Sherlock broke the stand-off by turning around, without a word, and walking back to his room, slamming the door behind him.
to hang up the phone. If he had been alone he would have talked to Sherlock, demanded some answers maybe about James, about what was really going on. But with Sarah listening in, he just couldn’t. He felt guilty for treating Sherlock like that. But he was so angry at himself for overimagining things with Sherlock to the point of ridiculous. He had invented a whole imaginary relationship in his head with this boy, to the point that he had been seriously injured at his match. He had lost all sense of reason, and it was time to pull back, like his father had said. Focus on school and sport and not get distracted.
He squared his shoulders, grabbed the bottle of pills and a glass of water.
“Hey, hey hey!” Greg shouted, running over to pull John off the club owner. “What the hell John?!”
“Where’s your
The man from the morgue had been captured in a surveillance photo. Neatly dressed in a smart suit, crossing the road, looking important. In a hurry to get somewhere it seemed.
“Yeah, didn’t think he’d even look at that one, to be honest. Wasn’t really worth his time, was it?” Greg laughed.
“Who’s this?” he asked, looking Mary up and down, not even hiding the possessiveness that was crawling through his bloodstream. He avoided looking at John. He couldn’t face what might be in his eyes when he did.
John could see his eyes were widening and he was clearly starting to panic a little bit. “Oh, so it wasn’t genuine before?” he teased.
“That’s one of our regulars,” Everitt offered, with annoyance, from the side of the room.
“It was,” John agreed.
“No!” he scoffs. “Well, you
“The sun is already up. Come on, John. No time for such sentiment.” He tugs at John’s hand until the man finally gets up. For a moment, Sherlock is distracted by the golden hair on his chest, the pink of his nipples.
“John? John!” Sherlock yelled, frightened.
“Just…” he lets out a sigh of frustration. Mycroft was only doing his job. “You could have texted.”
“And then hopefully,
“Okay,” Sherlock began, waiting for more information.
He would never have let any of the team see a display like that and he even surprised himself at the sudden need to do it. But hidden inside the skip, he couldn't stop himself. If it was
“Still figuring that out. Sherlock won’t talk yet. Seems to be early twenties, wrist has a stamp on it from the club down the street. Donovan is chasing them for footage,” Lestrade offered.
“Oh yes?” Mycroft asked with interest.
That was until he had met a certain doctor. John had actually seemed to like him, had found him fascinating and marvelled at his tricks - even when he thought he was being his most irritating. He had to admit it was nicer having a living, breathing person instead of his skull to interact with. John had changed him. More than he realised.  More than he wanted to admit. Eventually some of it had even worn off on Sherlock. He knew he treated Mrs Hudson and Molly, even Lestrade better over time – so much so that they noticed and commented. It almost annoyed Sherlock – but the fact that it was John who was responsible, he couldn’t help but feel a glint of pride.
“So, where did you come from then?” Mike asked John Watson.
They put their blazers on and ran down the stairs.
“Good,” John said as he leaned in and kissed him again, properly.
“Have you not paid attention to anything I’ve said?”
John nodded, keeping his eyes on the watch around his wrist, which looked fairly simple. “Couldn’t miss that,” he joked.
“Well, I went through all of your cupboards, naturally,” he begins, and Sherlock raises his eyebrows in surprise.
“That looks ridiculous, John. Like some sort of a death frisbee.” He would say anything to make John laugh and it works.
“Absolutely,” Sherlock agrees, his shoulders relaxing in the relief that he is capable.
go out with Greg,” John interrupted Greg’s thoughts, to try and concede and break the stalemate. “I’ll go out with him and take notes. You know I take good notes. And I’ll come back to you and you can—”
that had occurred… that was all
John couldn’t stop himself. The punch connected with the left side of James’ face, knocking him to the floor. Blood began pouring out of his nose as he crumpled there for a moment.
Mycroft smiled at him reassuringly as he climbed out of the bed to find his clothes as well. He couldn’t help remembering how quickly his very expensive three-piece suit had made it to the floor, and he chastised himself at how distracted he had been not to get up and fold it or hang it properly as he usually would. It seemed this scruffy detective had a hold on him, much stronger than even he had anticipated.
“You don’t think Molly wants sex? With you?” Sherlock asked, unable to let it go.
“A few days?! Jesus. Mycroft, he could be dead! Is that what you’re telling me? He was alive and now missing and you… you… you don’t know
That would be much safer. He would work his way up to the garden again another day.
John stirs, and blinks a few times, before looking across at Sherlock, sitting in his chair, sipping a glass of wine, just watching.
Sherlock smiled gently at the sight. “I know I cause you endless amounts of grief and I—”
“Well John, today’s session was
Sherlock looks ridiculous, curls sticking out under the blue cap. His pale eyes are hidden behind sunglasses and with the T-shirt and cargo pants – John laughed for about ten minutes straight, when he saw them at first – he seems indistinguishable from all the other tourists. They want to avoid him being recognized, and even though the chances are slim that they might run into some classical music fanatic, they don’t want to risk it. This, John knows, is Sherlock’s safe space, his life away from his very public career, and fans do not have a place in that.
“Yes of course,” Sherlock dismissed.
Mycroft then put his briefcase and umbrella down against the bar and awkwardly tried to sit on a stool. Greg couldn’t help smiling into his pint
“No not at all, no,” Sherlock says more forcefully. “Please. That’s why I’m here. To see what’s on offer.”
“All in good time, John,” Mycroft said, with almost affection and encouragement.
“Well luckily my left thumb is the least important finger of them all, so we’re okay. I won’t have to report it to my insurance company.”
. Surely you can see that?” Sherlock said desperately.
“How did you…” John pushed himself up on his elbows, squinting from the pain, but wanting to be involved in the case discussion. “Never mind. Go on?”
Mrs Watson gave him an awkward once over, not committing to anything which made the slightly nervous feeling in Sherlock’s stomach sink a little further.
Sherlock. The
Sherlock followed John out of the library, but he didn’t miss the worried look on John’s face. The crease in his brow was not the adorable thinking crease from before, more one of deep concern. Sherlock didn’t say anything, but he knew he wanted to do whatever he could to not be the cause of that look. Maybe John was right, Nobody was perfect. But in Sherlock's eyes, John Watson was the closest thing he had found to it.
“I know, I was going to call you too, obviously, only… in the meantime, she changed her mind and flew off to Africa on a whim, sublet her place. Classic Harry. Always running from her problems. So, I was already halfway here when she finally got back to me and I realized I had literally nowhere to stay.”
“I mean aren’t you two still—?” Lestrade began.
“Guten Morgen Frau Hudson!” he says cheerfully to her. She has been the one helping him with the German the most, so he always tries his best for her.
John was terrified. This person was angry,
“Which should make me doubt your judgement,” Sherlock grins, and John bumps his side with his elbow.
“That’s what it looks like isn’t it? Can’t be a frame job if he took the bloody thing along to the hotel room while he was high as a kite, can it?! Greg, tell me I’m wrong,” John demanded. His voice was pure anger, but his face was one hundred percent frightened.
“Really?” Sherlock checked.
“No… what?” John realised his reaction was off.
“…you’re my best friend too...” Sherlock said with a smile.
second voice. Even in his state, his brother’s irritating voice always gave him a physical reaction. Why was Mycroft making an appearance in his fantasies? Or was he here? Had they found him? A small glimmer of hope lit up in his chest, but he lacked the strength now to even move. More sounds of feet running, doors banging, gunshots. Sherlock closed his eyes and decided to ignore it all. He didn’t have the strength to keep his eyes open anymore.
“On it,” he announced, running off eagerly to find out the information. His renewed enthusiasm and lack of sarcasm was far more irritating, Lestrade and Sherlock both thought to themselves but neither said anything.
“Okay, well you have some part to play in that, obviously. But I already knew that about you. It’s not news to me that you don’t eat or sleep or speak for days on end, Sherlock. That you’re a stubborn mule and—”
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, unsure.
“Was it you? Was all of that
“But we may need to delve into some government systems to cross check,” John added.
. It’s quite a normal response, actually. Don’t apologise.”
Getting through the last of his bags, Sherlock takes out his notebook and a few magazines. He places them on the coffee table, then picks up his favourite book to place on the mantle.
“But,” John redirected, making Sherlock look back at him, “a lift would be great.” He reset his smile, but Sherlock couldn’t help feeling uneasy. Something had changed his mood.
The moment caught Sherlock by surprise and he opened his eyes, his head snapping up to look at John. They sat there, just staring at one another again. Without words, the electricity between them spoke volumes on its own. John took a moment to absorb everything. The drips falling down Sherlock’s cheeks from the ends of his curls, the dried blood on Sherlock’s knuckles, the layers of dirt and grime on his beautiful pale hands and cheekbones. The almost imperceptible tremor running through his body that had nothing to do with being cold. John understood the feeling well – the adrenaline after war, or from the absence of war. Sherlock was reassimilating to the real world and his body was trying to catch up with everything around him.
“It’s not unheard of,” Mycroft sounded way too calm, for John’s liking. “It’s happened before. Sometimes the transmitter goes offline. It’s always come back on, though. I’ve had people close by as well, for backup. This time though they… my people… they found the tracker. It had been removed.”
“Well yes, I gathered that much.”
you’re going to need someone with medical background, and you’re going to need someone with military training who’s a good shot. You
They followed the owner around a cave of ugly black corridors and through a doorway to the back area of the club – a caged space with broken furniture, cases of liquor, and a small desk surrounded by screens. It smelled musty and Greg was sure they were sharing the space with at least one family of rats.
“Teaching now. Yeah…” Mike had sighed. “Bright young things like we used to be.”
“You know I can’t. Not while this is going on,” Sherlock said, his voice sounding polite but edging towards slightly inconvenienced.
John lifted his head and turned to look at himself in the mirror, and he suddenly felt so tired. He barely recognised himself in the reflection. His face was drawn and so thin, dark circles under his eyes.
Sherlock has surprised him. He had seemed so anti-social, almost cold, on first meeting. But since their walk yesterday, Sherlock has shown John another side entirely. He seems warm and friendly and happy to chat away to John about all sorts of things. It’s been a long time since John has had anything like an actual friend. Even as a child and during his studies, he hadn’t really clicked with anyone in particular. He had become used to that fact and just accepted that having a close friend he could rely on and confide in, might not be on the cards for him. He was happy to just live his solitary life and appreciate the peace and quiet. John liked to read and listen to good music. Working quietly on improving the house and the gardens of this cottage had brought him a lot of joy as well. All of those things were satisfying. But now this eccentric and slightly mysterious man had crossed his path and he was actually finding he enjoyed the company.
Sherlock closed his eyes tight and scrunched his nose up in annoyance as a tear left the corner of his eye and trickled down his cheekbone and into his ear.
“Jesus,” John lets out on a breath. “Well perhaps we should swap jobs though, just to be safe at least.”
you think?” John asked, confused.
Sherlock had come back to him.
“So…?” John was confused.
John bristles at the warning. The implication is clear, and he does not want Sherlock’s manager thinking in any way that he is… that they are… “I’m sorry. What are you implying? You said you’re his
He lets out a gush of air he didn’t know he was holding. “Thank you. For today. And for dinner. For all of it,” he says, offering a smile.
“Bad books have been published before, John.” Sherlock grabs another sandwich, ignoring John’s sarcastic comment on being supportive. “You can always try. The worst thing that can happen is that they say no. But then, at least, you have tried.”
“John. I’ve got this,” Mary said with a smile, leaning forward to place a hand on his arm in reassurance.
John shakes his head, but the thought isn’t that easily brushed off, so he quickly gets the boiler in the bathroom running, and checks on the windows, before making his way back down the hill.
“What?” John freezes, unable to think properly.
“Mycroft, leave him alone,” Sherlock chastises as he returns, already dressed in some black jeans and a gorgeous green button-up shirt, sleeves folded to the elbow. He takes a moment to straighten up his curls, glancing in the mirror for a moment, before flashing John a reassuring smile.
Sherlock looked up at John, seeing the expression on his face and becoming flustered. “I… I don’t know. I don’t think so. I mean, I can’t see their face in this, obviously.” He then looked to Greg, uncertain, his brow furrowed, deep in thought.
“Yes,” Mary replied with mild amusement.
“Yes. There is. There is, Mycroft,” John said, turning around to face him. “Is your team still here? Standing by?”
“John, I just can’t… that he would… how could he do that… to
me? Do you know how insulting it is to be
“Possible,” Greg replied, with a dubious nod.
He leaves the words hanging in the air. They leave a bitter taste on his tongue – one he tries to wash down with a large sip of his scotch. It does not help. With the anger fading now, he just feels the sadness settle heavily in his bones, and that is even harder to handle. It fills him like dark water until he thinks he might burst. John closes his eyes, a last barrier against the tears.
“Brother, I know it’s…difficult. But he is dealing with a heavy loss. Remember he doesn’t know what you know. He’s grieving you. We discussed this. It’s what you wanted,” Mycroft said more gently than usual.
Exhaustion doesn’t mean sleep. John finds himself wide awake in his narrow bed. His heart beats fast, every thump telling him: ‘He’s here. He’s really here. In your arms.’
“It’s been a good couple of months he’s been like this. Lestrade phoned me this time – it’s the fourth time he’s been brought in. Got into a brawl at a bar with a drug dealer. Chinned the security. They had to bring him in. His wrap sheet is getting fairly decorated of late.”
Yes, their morning time together was special to Sherlock. Of course he had accepted that while they were friends and they could spend their library time together each morning, (and hours of texting in the evenings), John would return to Mike and Sarah and the football crew during class and lunch time. He was forced to observe from a safe distance in the shadows once again. He had accepted his fate, that he was the almost secret friend to John, who was growing in popularity.
“He’s an idiot now, is he? You seemed quite taken with him earlier?” John said, with a huff.
“Let me guess, that’s the weight you lose when a hot guy moves in next door and you want to impress him?” John raised his own glass, but let it sink without drinking from it, clearly already feeling the effects.
“We can record the last couple tomorrow. We might be out of here sooner than you thought,” the man says with a smile, but Sherlock’s face drops, and he looks over at John, who also seems taken aback.
“He’s lucky to have you,” Mycroft said sadly to John, catching them all by surprise. “If only he wasn’t such a stubborn arse, he could appreciate you in return.”
John brushes his fingertip along the shell of his ear, then along his jaw, guiding Sherlock’s face closer and into a kiss. “You certainly showed it,” he whispers, knowing Sherlock still feels a bit insecure in this, his first relationship. And John can’t quite believe that he should be the first person Sherlock is interested in.
this morning.” John said with slight disdain. “Which is really creepy by the way.”
much,” he said, as he took Sherlock’s mouth again greedily. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s back and enjoyed the tingles and butterflies dancing around inside him as his favourite person just lavished him in affection. He had never realised how amazing it could feel, and how much he had needed that. “You’re just…
“No,” Sherlock says simply, not embellishing the story.
“You’re angry,” Sherlock announced.
Mycroft turned his head to drink in the man beside him. Greg looked ravishing lying against the white sheets, hair all scruffy, just the right amount of stubble that was enticing without being painful, and the greying hair on his chest inviting Mycroft’s head back to lie against it, but he resisted. The decision to surprise Greg in an uncharacteristic show of romance, was one he had been uncertain of. Ever since their chat on the street outside Sherlock’s flat, he had been wanting to take back what he had said, but it could have become a mistake of epic proportions. Not to mention distracting him during the case was probably not the best timing, he knew that. Nonetheless, he had been easily persuaded by his desperate sibling and here they were. And once again, he had turned a blind eye and Sherlock was in trouble.
fault. Now Rosie has no mother and I can’t…comprehend life raising a small girl on my own.” He put his head in his hands in frustration and let out a loud breath.
Earlier, he had helped prop Sherlock up higher on the pillows into a half sitting position but could now see it was hurting him. He could also tell Sherlock was struggling to focus.
either need to get Sherlock out, or you’re going to have to help
“You think they… I’m sorry,
“You didn’t need to. You should stop giving me your things,” John said sitting back awkwardly, with a little uncomfortable laugh.
“Yes. Afghanistan,” he had answered formally with a nod, before relaxing back into an apologetic smile. He always felt a bit defensive about his military service. So many people didn’t understand it or respect it and he never knew whether to announce it proudly, or apologetically.
“Sherlock always said you were a bit slow,” Mycroft said kindly.
“I never did get to tell you this is what I wanted all along,” Sherlock said.
“I’m sorry.” It was genuine. John wasn’t sure he had ever heard Mycroft apologise for anything. Not intentionally, and certainly not where his brother was concerned. John looked at him with surprise. “It was very important to Sherlock that you were protected… at all costs. I did suggest that it was a bad idea. That you would… that you should be… that is, I know how much you… that you both…”
“I know it’s silly. What can I say?” he swallowed. “Blinded by love?” he tried to lighten the mood.
“I was going to say brilliant.”
“John what exactly are you asking?” Sherlock finally looked up at John again, a look of confusion on his face.
“Sherlock…” Lestrade warned. Now was not the time for jest.
“It’s fine. Thanks for letting me know you’re okay.” John made a conscious decision to close off his emotions. “I’m sorry. I have to go. I’m at a party…with Sarah. So I need to…”
“Well it’s good to know your surveillance is still in place,” John replied, sarcastically.
Thursday 8:25am
feel fine and you were in there, too,” Sherlock pointed at John.
“It’s only new, brother.”
“Sherlock…”
Before he could get a word out to explain, or process what Mycroft was trying to tell him, he felt something hard strike his head and he began to lose consciousness as his body flopped to the floor.
He was offended at being shushed, but the dramatic overreaction was lost on John, who refused to look in his direction.
“Don’t worry, I just shot him in the shoulder, the shock’s put him on the ground but I suspect he’ll be up again soon enough. I just needed to check on you first. Are you okay?”
“I’ve been reliably informed that I’ve been a bit of an arse,” he said as he sat beside Sherlock.
. Stop that. Don’t be ridiculous. You couldn’t have been at the others. There’s actually a strong case for releasing you from the suspect list now.”
Sherlock couldn’t help smiling to himself and letting out a huff. “Well, I didn’t want to say…”
people say?” John asked, intrigued. Sherlock was really quite a character.
“Well, what did you expect would happen?! You found out all about me. Did you think I would just follow orders? Do your bidding?” John laughed in disbelief. “I mean, I’m a military man but you would have seen my psych eval. After my discharge. You knew. You
like to. But no. I don’t need to. Sherlock’s
“Umm… you know when my dad surprised me the other day?” he began.
“You put it there before we walked.” Sherlock couldn’t help the grin lifting his features. “Psychosomatic. Told you.”
As he looks down at his feet, he notices something under the edge of the doormat – a piece of folded paper. John picks it up and turns it around in his hand. It’s a note for him. Sherlock knew he would come back, and he left a note.
right now, is a bloody miracle. A MIRACLE! And we haven’t even discussed how he’s going to cope coming off the meds we have had to put him on so that he wouldn’t just rip out everything and crawl out of here. He needs rest. He needs to be stable, actually stable before being moved!” John’s face was red with the anger. Mycroft could actually see in this moment, what his little brother saw in John.
about it? If there was anything that
“They’re not going to let you come home and talk to me about the case, John. Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock said, starting to pace again, still calculating. He chewed on his thumbnail as he stalked, his verdict on the situation yet to be laid bare.
“Oh. I’m his mother. What’s this about?” She asked looking him up and down, and Sherlock realised she seemed a little nervous now, checking inside behind her, as if she expected she was being watched.
“John…” Sherlock pleaded. Surely he could talk to him rationally? Convince him not to be a part of this.
in love with you too.”
He groaned, only to realise that using his voice hurt as well. His throat
“It’s really not okay, though. I want this to work… so badly,” John says and his voice dissolves into a rapidly swallowed sob that he tries to hide.
John stood to attention and gave Mycroft one militaristic nod before turning back to look at Sherlock one last time, holding the door frame to steady himself. The memory of this sight would be enough to fuel him to do what had to be done and he would not stop until it was finished. With that, he walked out of the hospital, the fury pushing him forwards.
? For the love of––" John rolled his eyes.
“Here, seriously, let me see Sherlock. I can’t have the world’s best violinist being crippled by a rusty hammer in a German forest. That won’t do at all,” he teases.
he was genuinely scared.
“Yes, he’s here too. He’s
“Clear everyone out Lestrade. If you want me to be of any use.” It was so much easier to be a prick to everyone. They expected it and it was efficient. Sherlock was demanding and arrogant, but Lestrade knew there were countless cases that would never have been solved were it not for Sherlock. So he gave the detective a fair amount of slack as a result.
“Detective,” he said with a gentle smile, relieved to have found him, to have a moment alone together.
they were travelling to, in time. Apparently, the “when” was irrelevant, or at least not useful for John to focus on – of course then it was hard for him to focus on anything else. Nothing about the store fronts, or the clothing gave anything away. To the best of John’s knowledge, they hadn’t gone anywhere in time at all. Of course, the buzzing in his head made it clear that he had, in fact, travelled in one direction or another for a lot longer than his first attempt.
I could feel the familiar pull tightening in my abdomen and I picked up my pace once again. I think Sherlock was getting there too. He had stopped shouting. He’s just breathing heavily along with each of my thrusts, barely peeking at me through his droopy eyelids. His lips were parted into a pout. “John..” he breathed out. “I think I’m..” his sentence faded away from his thoughts. I watched as his eyes shot wide open before squeezing shut. His back began to arch slowly as he tried to get a grip onto my shoulders. “It’s alright, Sherlock.” I breathed, trying my hardest to speak clear. “Just..let go.” He shouted louder than he ever had before as he reached his peak. He came beneath me and shuttered and shivered violently. “John!” he dragged into a moan. I threw my head back cried out. “Fuck- Sherlock!” I groaned and came shortly after. I pulled out and collapsed beside him. His eyes were squeezed shut and and he was trying to steady his breathing. I watched him as I caught my breath and regained myself.
He looked up at me, visually asking my permission to tell her. I shrugged and shoved my face back into the newspaper. “About a year.” I head John say. “Goodness!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed. “A year? How come you guys never said anything?” She sounded way too excited. I shook my head, hidden by the paper. “We wanted to keep it private.” I said quietly and dismissively.
It was odd, though. He kinda said it out of the blue and it was totally random. We'd been sitting in our chairs. I was writing on my blog and Sherlock was doing his thinking thing, in his mind palace or something. It was quiet in the room, minus the sound of the heat blowing through the vents and the steady clicking of my keyboard keys. This is how most of our days were spent, as of late. There hasn't been any new cases for a week or two, and I could tell Sherlock has been extremely bored.
I kissed his lips and picked up my pace, hitting his prostate with every thrust. My hands were holding me up, one on each side of his head. “Oh!- John!” Sherlock shouted impossibly loud, grasping one of his hands on mine. “Bloody hell, Sherlock.” I mumbled and bit down gently onto his ear lobe. He hissed in pleasure and tightened his grip on my hand.
I came in close to him again and brought my lips to his jaw. I began leaving small trails of kisses up and down his neck as I began to grind my hips into his again. His hands found home on my back once again as his back started involuntarily arching. He let out a loud moan as soon as I found his ‘sweet spot‘ on his neck. I smiled against his skin and began leaving open mouth kisses upon the spot. He gasped and wrapped his hand around the back of my neck for support. “Christ- John what is that-” He breathed, letting his head tilt back. “I’ve never-” he cut himself off with a whimper when I ground my hips into his further than I did before. I brought my mouth back up to his ear via a gently trail of pecks. He tasted of salt and..what was it apples?
That was early this morning. Now, it's 8:30 PM and Sherlock's in the shower. He's been antsy and very anxious ever since our conversation. I feel bad, even though he said he was ready. I probably won't stop asking if he's sure for the rest of the night. Even if he said he's never pressured into anything, I still think he kind of feels that way, and that's the opposite of what I want.
“Oh, I always knew this would happen.” She said, clapping her hands together. My eyes were wider than before. “What is it?” John asked, sounding near panicked. “How long?” She asked, ignoring John. John and I said nothing, confused. “How long what?” I finally asked. “How long have you two been together?” She asked, as if it was obvious. I glanced over at John. He was holding his face in his hands, smiling shyly as he shook his head. I had no idea what to say, and I felt helpless. I wasn’t used to this kind of conversation.
After a few moments, I grabbed onto his hand. “You okay?” I asked, barely above a whisper. His face relaxed into a lazy smile, his eyes still closed. “Better.” was all he said in a husky, raspy voice. I chuckled a little before getting up. “What are you doing?” He asked, sounding slightly panicked. “I’m getting a towel. We can’t just go to sleep without cleaning up.” I answered gently. I walked to the bathroom and came back to the room with a towel. His face was all pink and he was sat up. I wiped my chest off and discarded the condom. “Sorry.” He mumbled. I laughed quietly. “Don’t apologize, Sherl.” I said, sitting back down next to him. “Please.” I added as I began wiping down his belly and chest. He smiled and watched as I did so before we fell into a content sleep.
He let out a loud breath of annoyance when I pulled away. “Oh Christ, John, why’d you stop?” he whined, his fingers fisted in the sheets. “We’re going to start.” I said, reaching for my bedside table drawer. He opened his eyes and watched me. “Wait, what? We haven’t even started?” he questioned. I shook my head, chuckling as I fumbled with the box of condoms. “Nope.” I replied. Sherlock watched as I pulled my underwear down and slid the condom on. He seemed more nervous now, tensing up. I pulled the tube of lube (aye) out of the drawer and covered two of my fingers in it. “Okay, Sherlock. I’ve never actually done this before with a man, but I know what to do. Do you trust me, Sherl?” I asked, bringing myself back over to him. He had tensed completely back up. His breathing was ragged and his brows were furrowed. “I do.” He uttered and then he frowned. “Is it going to hurt?” he questioned. I shook my head. “It’ll be uncomfortable for a moment, but I promise I will not hurt you.” “You’re sure?” He asked, his eyes flicking from my fingers to my eyes. “I’m positive.” He nodded, bringing his eyes back to my fingers. “And what are you using your fingers for?” he inquired. “I can’t just, y’know go right at it, Sherl, or else it’ll hurt you. I need to, uh, prepare you.” I cleared my throat. “Oh.” he said. He swallowed and adjusted himself on the bed, “Ready?” I asked, bringing my fingers up to his behind. I sat between his legs, my hand resting upon his knee, rubbing circles on it with my thumb. He nodded. I pushed my index finger into him slowly. He tensed right up and his face turned sour. I placed my free hand on his abdomen. “Sherl, I need you to relax.” I said gently. I slightly massaged his stomach, trying to coax him into relaxing. He closed his eyes and nodded, trying to allow himself to relax his tensed muscles. I started pushing my finger in again and kept going until I reached my knuckle. “I’m going to add my other finger.” I informed him softly. “Are you okay?” I asked. He nodded. “It’s..uncomfortable.” he mumbled. “I know, but it’ll feel better soon, I promise you.” “I believe you.” he replied. I pulled my finger out a little before adding my middle finger. He tensed up again for a moment, but relaxed when I rubbed my hand on his stomach in circles. I pushed them both in to my knuckle and began to thrust them slowly. I was curling my fingers slightly, looking for this spot that I read about today to prepare for tonight. It’s like a g-spot. I curled my finger a little felt this different spot. I pushed onto it and Sherlock gasped louder than I’d ever heard him gasp before. His fists curled into the sheets and he threw his head back into the pillow. “Oh my-Christ...John what-” I curled my fingers again. “Wh-ahh, what is that?” He breathed out, his breathing becoming erratic. “It’s your prostate.” I replied, grinning victoriously. I sped up my thrusting until he started squirming beneath me. I pulled my fingers out gently and Sherlock whined in protest.
‘Remember after dinner I’m taking you out for a special surprise.’ She smiles.
“Mm you’re close, aren’t you?” She smirks, watching Violet’s thighs start to tremble.
He frowns a bit. "Y-You'll stay with me, right?"
“Fuck.. please..” He whimpers, so close to coming again.
He smirks as he pulls back.
John hums. “You heard him.”
Sherlock groans, grinding down against John and into his hands.
"I can't believe after twelve years that Angelo's food still tastes amazing. You would think after that long that things would start to decline or flavors change with new cooks."
“I know.” Kia cuddles into John. “Dorro gets sad when Mico is angry..”
John nuzzles at Clark’s cock. “Answer it.” He mumbles, mouthing at his cock over his trousers.
"Please.." He whines softly.
Sherlock drys his hair.
“Daddy!” She moans loudly, body hypersensitive.
"Three of them," Hank muses, "Why didn't we ever think of that."
Mycroft blushes. 'I suppose so.'
When he's done he has a mango, strawberries, onions, lime and other bits and bobs piled up on the worktop. "How do you feel about a mango and strawberry salsa? If we can find rice it'll be good on the rice or the chicken."
"Not until I say." She growls and fucks him harder. She strokes him and hits his prostate over and over. "Come! Now!" She commands.
“Daddy’s gotta help Sam in his office.”
"You're so brilliant.."
Charlie puts his hand on her thigh, smiling softly.
They snap their hips into her. ‘Mm. You found us out.’
He weakly shakes his head. “Keep an eye on her.” He repeats.
She smiles and nuzzles him, they were only gone a few seconds in reality.
He smiles happily.
He pulls her up and kisses her hard, moaning as he tastes himself.
John clenches his fists to the bedhead, groaning. "Promises, promises..." He mutters.
The female dogs gather her pups and clean them.
He gasps and giggles, pushing at their hands.
He nuzzles her back softly, relaxing between them.
"Hello everyone. It's taken us quite a while to get here, hasn't it?" Mike smiles and everyone laughs softly.
“Thank you, Gina. You’re a great help.” He smiles as genuinely as he can and he was a good actor.
"I think that's a yes, Collin." Michael hums as Collin comes over. "Christ, look at her. You've got her trained like a good slut."
He growls and picks up the pace, thrusting roughly.
She smiles and kisses him.
George smirks as he watches Cecil squirm.
“Good girl.” Sherlock coos. “You’re so pretty and big.”
‘Exactly. I’m sure it’ll be different if they inherit your types of powers as well.’
“Mm speaking of ducking arses.” He pushes his cock deep into Sherlock’s arse.
“Come, baby.”
He whimpers at the praise, his cock twitching with need. "So good, Daddy.. Feels so good.. so full.."
He smiles, looking to Jared. “Ready?”
He smiles softly, rubbing his back soothingly.
She pulls back to strip.
He blushes brighter at the praise.
He smirks. "Lets see if we can make that happen."
He smirks and spreads his legs. "Good girl."
Fitz pushes into her cunt as Bruce pushes into her arse.
"S-some days I'm terrified it's all just a dream.. T-that it's not real.. T-then I remember that I couldn't live in a world where I wasn't with him.." Greg smooths Mycroft's hair and kisses his head gently, careful not to disturb his sleep.
Her legs automatically open for him.
He hesitates and nods.
He starts to ride him.
"Gorgeous." He smirks and spanks him gently.
"How do you want me?"
Greg nods and hums. “Okay.” He says softly, leaning into Crystal.
'Pregnant. Like really actually pregnant.' She giggles and smiles against his lips.
"Mm, that's right. That's all she is. Daddy's little slut." He fucks her harder and harder.
“John?” Sherlock frowns and kneels next to him, pressing his hand to John’s forehead.
‘How old are you?’
George smiles softly. “Hey.”
"Mm... 'strue. Military overrode my familial ownership. I was given a year to find an Alpha after being sent home... Technically I'm a ward of the Army, until then." John says, instantly seeking out Sherlock's body for comfort once more.
He hums and pulls him into his arms. "No one is leaving. Ever. No one will forget about you. We'll always be here. I'll always be here with open arms for you.." He mumbles quietly into Sherlock's hair.
“Mmhmmm. A nice little replica of your wife’s arsehole.” He smirks and slides it down over his cock.
He groans and nods, sinking down onto John.
“Fuck yes.” Crystal nods and kisses Greg happily.
He pays for their coffees.
"What do you want to drink?" He leans in so Michael can hear him over the music, resting his hand on the small of his back.
"Such a fucking slut. Look at you. Do you want John to fuck you?"
He frowns a bit as he watches him.
He bites his lip before leaning down to kiss her.
"Jesus Christ.." He groans.
“You’re already so deep..” he mewls, arching up.
“Wanna be good. Wanna be so good.” Sherlock whimpers.
She moans, milking his cock of their cum.
“Of course it’s okay. I’ll have to stretch you a little first. On the bed’ll be most comfortable.”
"I am too." She smiles happily as they dance. "I'll tell you a secret.. I've always wanted a little brother." She giggles.
is what makes up for all the other nonsense before. “Is your… this doesn’t hurt your back does it?” John asks, suddenly remembering back to what started this whole thing in the first place.
"But what if!"
“Okay.” Lydia smiles.
‘Alright, darling. I’m coming back.’ Mycroft says softly.
He smiles softly, relaxing.
"He'll likely be out for a while. They're giving him a single transfusion. It'll take about two or three hours." The assistant says, quietly. "Can I get you anything?"
He whimpers and moans, starting to ride him harder. "Yes, sir. I love it."
‘There’s no other footage before that? Where was he before? Did someone erase it?’ Crystal frowns, going to take Greg’s vitals.
“Mm?” She smiles and looks at him.
“Now what?”
They place their bets.
"You have time to play?"
She moans deeply. "Oh Daddy."
“God why do you always look so fucking good in my lap.” They smirk and kiss him back deeply, rubbing their hands up and down his thighs. The avoid his crotch but get teasingly close.
Zack smiles and gets in as well.
He blushes and mewls as she pulls out.
Sherlock soon falls asleep, staying nuzzled up against Mycroft.
He whimpers and nods. “Love it, Mikey. Love being this close to you and Daddy.”
He smiles and leans against him. 'Does anyone else know about the paperwork?' He hums to Sky.
John gets out and towels off wrapping it around his waist. He takes Sherlock's hand leading him out of the shower. He dries him slowly, gently, lovingly.
“Noooo no. Today. Can’t be high before the wedding. Too much to plan. John will be upset if I use. Can’t make John upset on his wedding day. But now he’s gone. He won’t know. He doesn’t have to know. Far away. He’ll be far away from me.” Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s waist, clinging to this hallucination of his best friend.
He nods frantically. "Please."
He gasps and moans, arching. "D-Daddy.." He chokes out, his cock twitching.
Mycroft smiles. “I’m not sure where we will be living yet, either here, or back in America.” He explains. “But you’ll have a nice childhood.”
He spreads his legs wider for him.
Violet whimpers and arches against her. “Oh god..”
"No, it's fine, John. She just needs to learn how to properly take care of someone."
Greg smirks and drives them.
“A death vision?” Greg raises a brow.
John smiles back at Sherlock.
"Yes. A dinner date. With Michael." Sky blushes a bit and smiles.
"To tell you the truth I'm positive she couldn't take her eyes off you from the moment she stepped into that pub. She was just building up the courage to go and talk to you when you sent her that drink. She never really believed in fate until then.." She bites her lip and the distance between them is killing her, she feels like she's in physical pain. "Ask me to dance." She blurts out not being able to stand not touching him any longer. "Please." She begs. She hopes a dance will be good enough cover to be able to touch Michael so the other guests won't get suspicious.
She whimpers, hips rocking needy.
He composes himself, hoping that the kids didn’t notice anything.
He kisses him and smiles. He hums and holds him. Danny comes running in in his pajamas carry his story book wanting Collin to read to him. "There's my boy." Collin smiles.
Lydia comes in a while later to have Sherlock sign his release forms.
And every whisper, every sigh
Mycroft rolls his eyes. “I am stating but a fact. Two in fact.” He says, “find somewhere else to stay. It’s not safe here for you or John.”
“Like that?” Ms. Cheyenne smirks.
He moans and closes his eyes. “Fuck..”
He sniffs her tentatively before leaning forward to put his nose against her hand.
“Our bond is also part of the reason why he wanted to find you something.” Greg hums.
Sherlock snarls as he’s ripped away.
He smiles. “Want me to give you a piggyback ride?”
He smiles and helps him get dressed.
"I'm staying."
Cecil gasps and shuts his mouth, blushing brightly.
Jean smirks and snaps his hips up.
He falls asleep against him.
“I’ll get it.” Greg kisses Mycroft’s forehead and gets up, slipping on a fluffy white robe before leaving the bedroom to go to the door. Soon he returns with a cart and pushes it over to the bed.
Greg laughs. "Christ, man."
“Wow.” She smiles. “I can talk to them for you. For all of you.”
He mewls. “Feels good, Miss.. like being teased and dominated.”
Sherlock hums and nods. “Anything you want.” He says softly.
“I’ll give it to you whenever.” He groans and fucks him harder.
Yuki smiles and Anthea looks confused.
Mycroft smiles and straddles his lap.
"Try to rest."
"Sleep, love."
John bites his lip to keep from moaning at what a gorgeous aight Sherlock presents. He spreads lube on his fingers and traces Sherlock's hole.
Mycroft smiles and leans closer to Sherlock, keeping his voice low so the others couldn't hear. "Domestic, isn't it?"
Turk and Fitz follow her in.
Sherlock had fallen asleep during the flight.
“I know. Such good boys.” Camille smiles softly. “Go. They need you to watch over them.”
Mycroft gasps softly and runs his tongue over John's lips, pulling at his shirt.
Mycroft’s moans get more and more desperate as they continue, his cock leaking heavily.
"I can see all the possibilities my life can take. Every choice. Some will lead to where I hope to go and others will bring me away. I'm going to have to make choices soon that take me away from where I want to go and I don't know if I'll ever be able to get back. You know the loudest voice in my head isn't mine. It's from someone I've never met in person but I know them better than I know myself. And it kills me everyday that I can't be there with them.."
"God yes, baby. Give it to me. Empty your perfect balls into my cunt." She whimpers.
He hums happily against him.
“Mm perfect.” John smirks, thrusting harder as well. Mel moans as she listens, moaning louder as they fuck her harder.
Greg groans and sucks on his tongue. Collin cries out and moans as they pound into him.
John moaned softly, stroking.
"Pretty bare..." he says softly, though in his eyes he can see the room how it used to be. "Figured out how to have my first wank in that bed, so I guess that's something."
“Come here and take a nap with us.” She pats the bed.
“What are you using as the test subject?”
He takes him to their room and smirks. "On the bed.
"I'll take this one. Here." She hands him another chart from the stack. "Mrs. Elks came in says she thinks she has food poisoning but I think it's appendicitis. Have a look and make sure it's not food posing. If it's her appendix tell the nurse to schedule the OR with the general surgeon before it explodes." She smiles.
He smirks as he watches her. "Mm, dirty little girl.."
"Yes yes. Suck me, fuck me, fill me." She moans like a whore, arching between them. "Me and Carol will probably be pregnant again at the same time. You'd love watching us play together wouldn't you? Your daughter and me. Both of us pregnant and horny constantly. She has such a sweet little pussy. I wonder what it tastes like." She purrs, knowing George fucked Carol.
He blushes. “J-Just over my clothes..”
He nods and relaxes.
Missing you both,
He whimpers and closes his eyes, trying to think of one.
Greg moans and pulls him to his bedroom. He strips him. "Oh my god.." He whimpers as he sees the plug already inside Sherlock, stretching him. "You beautiful perfect randy creature. You already prepared yourself for me.. You are perfect.." He kisses him.
“Good. I want you to leak all over my tits. Make a mess.”
Pete hums. “She’s yours?”
"Don't frown, love. You can always come to me but if I'm in a room and the door is closed I want you to knock first. Then I'll tell you if you can come in or if I need you to wait until I come out to you. Okay?" She smiles softly.
He frowns. "I love them.."
Rosie is calling for me to get ready to go to the park for a bit. We’ll be back soon.
Greg goes back to his office, hanging his coat up again.
"Well Paul if he is going to send you out again that means he's going to keep your daughter and if you do poorly he's going to kill all of you. So I'm making a third option. A back door of sorts. Do you know where he's keeping your daughter and brother?"
Mycroft bobs his head quickly. Sherlock groans against him. "You're so big.. I can't wait to have you in my arse.."
Sherlock slowly pulls off of him, coughing a bit.
Camille just starts laughing. “Oh you poor thing.”
He whimpers. "Mikey.. more.. please."
"I know.." She bites her lip and finally looks at him. "I need you to understand that because of this if anything ever happened when I or one of you are in life threatening danger you need to get them away from me. You need to get who ever is near by that's innocent away from me because I will destroy anyone who is not. I need you to promise that you won't stop me and you'll get them away from me because if you don't I can't stop myself. Promise me, Greg." She holds up her gloved pinky.
He smiles and closes his eyes as they sway.
He kisses her head.
"I-I know Ma. I've just had some stuff going on. How's dad?" Greg leans back into him. "Your fathers fine. What have you had going on? Oh god you didn't get fired did you? That was one of the only things you had going for you." She asks sounding mildly panicked. "No mum I didn't get fired. Just some personal stuff. W-what do you mean he's fine? He found out he had cancer he can't be to happy about that." Greg rubs his face.
Sherlock watches John.
"Okay."
“Come on and I’ll show you. This one is different that the one in the village I lived in but nonetheless.” He smiles and takes him over. “The bed of nails is on a lower platform under this thick hard plastic layer with the holes in it. Here they have you lay on the plastic platform and pressing the button the lower platform gets raised. The nails lift you up because you’re weight is distributed evenly over the entire surface. Back in the village it was just nails on a wooden bored that you were slowly lowered onto. The nails her have flat ends but the nailed there were sharpened to a point so it would prick you if you weren’t concentrating. It was for meditation and relaxation.” He hums.
John moans into the kiss. He uses their pre come as lube and strokes them easier. He kisses Sherlock deeply and hungrily.
Sherlock gets out and unbuckles Rosie, getting her out of the car. He holds her hand as they walk through the parking lot. “What should we have for dinner?” He asks her and John.
"Oh.. Well good. I'm glad.." He blushes and rubs the back of his neck self consciously.
"Mm yeah five more minutes." He mumbles half asleep and blocks the sun from Sherlock's face.
Greg leans in and kisses him happily.
"I love you, too."
Anthea sighs. “Just a word of warning, Mycroft isn’t the best with kids. Don’t expect him to be a good father.” She says before grabbing a bottle of blood and leaving.
He smiles and makes himself a cup of coffee.
"Where would you like to start? The garage or the stables?" George smiles brightly.
"Mm like that do you? No wonder Greg has a beard." He chuckles softly and drags the scruff down Sherlock's chest, over his nipples.
She leads her out to the car.
He smiles and kisses him.
“Mm shower first.” John hums, stretching a bit.
John smiles. “I can’t wait.”
Greg holds him close.
"What is your favorite food ever?" He asks and bites into a chip.
He kisses his chest softly.
"I love you." He mumbles and smiles against his lips while they dance.
“No one has used your perfect arse in ages, have they?” Eli smirks, pushing deeper still.
She whines at the ch age of position, feeling George slip deeper. The man holds his hips and pushes into him.
Greg nods and pulls the covers down. He gets lube out of his bag and condoms before taking off his pants. He lays back on the bed and gets comfortable. “Still okay?” He asks Mycroft.
Sherlock moaned and nodded. "Please."
Sherlock finds the broach box, he manages to prise it open, whilst ensuring he doesn’t damage the box. He sees the green broach Mycroft was speaking about earlier and closes it quickly. He pockets the box, making sure John doesn’t have it in his possession.
"It's nice to meet you, Michael." Elijah puts Sky down so he can shake Michael's hand.
He smiles and holds onto him.
“Mm it was a bit difficult at times.” Morna mewls softly.
Mycroft smiles. "Finish eating so we can go."
“Even a cum dump needs a break now and again.”
"Mm you know me." He chuckles and turns him around to kiss him. He cleans him up and puts his clothes back right.
Mycroft chokes out a small sob and takes Sherlock's hand in both of his.
“The others aren’t very good at speaking. George speaks to me a lot when he visits the barn.”
He pounds into her, moaning loudly.
Mycroft buys a pack.
She blushes and hums happily, nuzzling him. "Come on. We'll finish showering then something to eat then a cuddle."
They all go back inside for cake. "Coffee and tea, anyone?" Carol asks as her and Sky serve cake.
Camille nods. “Make sure she’s well before she takes on any more responsibilities.”
And I've always lived like this
“I guess Fitz, Mycroft, And I will be taking the girls home. Sky will stay here with you and Michael.” Turk hums.
Greg smiles and kisses him, careful not to touch Sherlock with his messy hands.
That was when Mrs. Hudson walked in. We both looked up at her, her face holding concern. “Good morning, Hudders.” I said smiling. She ignored my greeting. “Did you two have a row last night?” She asked. My eyes widened and I looked at John, searching for an excuse. I kicked him under the table and his face had gone pink, as had mine. “I- um-” John began stuttering as he nervously sipped his tea. I shoved my face into the newspaper that was on the table. Mrs. Hudson gasped. She was smiling bigger than ever.
With each slow and moist kiss that I left as I got closer and closer to his naval, his breathing picked up speed. I could feel his blood racing beneath my lips, the heat radiating from every inch of his body. I took my time with each gentle caress of my lips against his skin. “John...please” Sherlock pleaded from above me. I reached my hands up and hooked both of my index fingers in the waistline of his underwear. He held his breath as I slid them slowly down, revealing him completely. He let out his breath and held his eyes squeezed shut. I discarded his underwear and pecked the inside of his thigh. “John, if you don’t-Johnnn” he began but never finished. I took him into my mouth, little by little. He shivered and shuttered in response, calling my name softly over and over again. One of his hands landed in my hair. He was biting down on his fist with his other hand as he arched his back.I sucked and licked in as many ways possible before I stopped.
"No need." Mycroft opens the door to reveal a bed full of various toys. There were also a pair of hand cuffs and Greg's police uniform.
He chuckles and nods, standing. “Alright. I’ll go make you a drink. You’ll be okay?”
Even the best fall down sometimes
He arches against his touch.
"I'm right against your cervix, baby.. can you feel me there? Feel me pushing at it? Want me to push past it?" He groans, his cock throbbing in her.
“I know.” Mycroft says. “I enjoyed his company as well. But instead of going after the people that did this, you need to prove to him you’re not like her. That you’re still the same man he knows.” He explains softly.
He pulls out of her throat.
Turk drives them home as Sky falls asleep in the front seat.
‘Fine.’ Crystal says softly in his head.
'It's not your fault. You're okay. I'm okay. Everything is fine.' She cuddles him close.
“They are. Helea is the leader. Taylol is medicinal god. And Loral makes things grow.” Sherlock smiles.
He thinks about it and nods, letting Sherlock have his turn with the water.
“Yes, yes John.
“May as well.” He leads her to a back room, standing by the door. The telepath’s eyes clear up and he blinks, looking around.
He laughs and smiled brightly.
“Exactly. You and sky were right. We have to be covert. Go along with the show.” He rubs his hands over his face. Nina comes out to them after watching another movie that finished. “Why do you look so sad?” She looks up at them.
“Looks like your in the mood to suck some cock.” He smirks.
He moans, rubbing his clit as he lets Greg use his mouth.
"Please fill me, Sir. I need it."
He blushes and whimpers softly.
“Take me to bed. We can talk later about whatever you want. Please.” Sherlock cups John’s face and kisses him deeply.
"Boys." Violet whines, cunt dripping on display for them.
John starts to calm down as the fresh air cools his body.
“Look at all the snakes, papa!”
“That’s right. My good boy.” He leans in and kisses Sherlock deeply.
“You’re fine. Very fine.” He smirks.
Unfortunately, Mycroft’s mate and little brother had no idea of his exact location, only that he was in the USA, and he didn’t have any way of contacting them.
Mycroft sniffles and nods.
He moans softly and collapses against him.
"My father has been admitted to the hospital a few hours ago.. They uhh they don't think he's going to make it past tonight.."
He hums as he thrusts his fingers. “Would you like for me to use a toy? We have a wide selection.”
“Very.” She smiles. “I’m glad. You’re good people. Good people deserve good things.”
Sky sighs happily and puts her head in his lap, nuzzling his crotch a bit because she can smell how he’s still a bit excited.
She she presses against him and cuddles up to him.
She moans loudly and sucks on her clit.
He smiles. "Thank you."
“I advise against it. I won’t make you stay but if you leave without protection you’ll most likely be murdered.” Camille sits.
He sighs. "My mother."
He smiles and leans in to kiss her.
"Well, open up your mind and see like me,
That makes me wanna scream
He hums and smiles.
“You’re trying to knock her up?” Mel blushes brightly. “Not just trying. He will.” Chloe smirks.
"Awe don't give me that look, love.." He kisses Mycroft's pouty lips. "It's fine. The scene sounds gruesome and I don't want to associate you with terrible things." Greg sits on the end of the bed and slips on his shoes. "Mm besides you can send me dirty texts all day making me wish I didn't have to leave." He winks at him and stands. "Well that is if you don't have to go into work today."
He smirks. ‘Mm. Sounds like a great idea, baby.’
Diōnē rests her hand on top of Leona’s stomach, over her womb and speaks a spell, her fingertips turn yellow for a moment before going back to normal. “There we are.” She smiles.
She blushes and smiles shyly. "Lets go inside.."
Greg moans as he goes deeper, already at her cervix.
He smirks as he watches her, stroking his cock.
Jean hums. “Mm, well?”
Morgan carries him into the bath and Issac joins them.
Violet blushes and nods.
"He surprised me too. Called me up asking if I could get ordained. He said since I introduced you two it would only be right if I had the honor of marrying you two."
"Yes, sir."
She blushes and kisses his neck as she relaxes. She shivers and bites back a moan as she feels his cum start to leak out of her.
Sherlock frowns, his anger from before completely gone. "What did she say?"
“Such a good girl. You take my cock so well..” He groans, speeding up his thrusts.
"That's always a plus." Sky smiles and Turk blushes.
She nods and blushes.
Sherlock smiles and leans up to kiss him.
“Sleep..” Greg mumbles.
He groans as he finishes filling her.
John nods. “Okay, But we can still have fun.” He smiles, snapping his hips up into Sherlock.
He bites his shoulder and comes hard, filling him.
They groan and come hard into him.
“Shall we go tell the others the plan?”
“Good boy. Such a good boy.” He groans, rocking into his mouth.
“Good boy.” Collin praises, licking the cum off his hand.
Sally leads them out. “Where should we go?”
“My pleasure.” Margaret smiles softly as she drives.
He bites his lip and nods. “Alright..”
"Oh...I see." She clearly wasn't sure how that worked but didn't shy away from trying. "Sharing custody can be difficult. I've seen families strained or one parent decides they don't want to share anymore because it's too difficult. She's lucky you both worked something out and she can have both of you in her life."
“Any child you have will have abilities. Either witch or something from Mycroft. Or both. Either way any child you two have will be special.” Diōnē explains.
"You're brilliant at this, Sky."
Sherlock hums as he listens. “I don’t want to lose you. I love you.” He says softly.
He relaxes, moaning as Eli moves the dildo in him.
“We could tell him to stop feeding Gladstone.”
He blushes and kisses him back softly.
Crystal blushes and nods. “I’ve always wanted a lot.”
She giggles and smiles. “Then again I’m quite the fan of going around completely nude.”
John starts to whimpers, as his body starts to get overstimulated.
She licks her lips and pulls her panties to the side.
He bites his lip and nods. "I.. I still should've said something.."
"Yeah yeah, Mikey." He chuckles.
"I do think talking will help you."
Dark follows her back.
“You can have any of my wholes. Whenever you want. Wherever you want.” Sherlock straddles Mycroft again and kisses him deeply.
Chloe blushes and licks her lips as she watches. “Need something, Daddy?” Carol purrs.
Sherlock yelps and arches his back. "Jo-hn!!" He moans loudly. "God, please! Please, John!"
John gets in the cab with Sherlock, setting his bag on his lap. “Yeah sure.” He nods, knowing this is going to be a long day.
Mycroft keeps her steady.
“Close.” She whimpers as he pounds her.
Eli comes over and kisses him finally.
"I know, love." He kisses him softly and lays him back.
Greg nods and tugs on her lower lip, hard. “You like it rough?” He asks.
He pushes his head further down, swallowing around him.
He moans loudly and kisses her hard.
Sherlock pulls on his suit jacket. "Mycroft has arranged for us to see a discreet doctor about having the tests done."
He cries out and his nose bleeds.
He hums happily, pressing kisses to his chest.
"Want Daddy and Sir to fuck me."
“Yup. I’ve got it.” John nods. “Well then this is gonna be interesting.” He hums and opens the car door for Sherlock.
Sherlock blushes and nods dumbly.
John nods and waves tiredly, heading toward the stairs. He sleepily strips down to his vest and pants and gets between cool, clean sheets, settling easily into the comfortable mattress.
He smiles and kisses her. “Amazing.”
"I've missed you, and them." He whispers. "I wish they were still little so we could pull them into bed with us like we used to do during storms."
Sherlock snaps on the gloves and unbuttons the man's shirt. “That will certainly make autopsy easier..” He hums, looking at the man’s chest that had been cut open in a Y shape and messily sewn back together with butcher's twine.
“You didn’t know, John.”
She moans and flips them over. She strips him slowly but leaves his binder, kissing every bit of skin she can reach. "You're so fucking handsome I can't breathe." She moans breathlessly as she looks at him. "Open your legs for me so I can stretch you for the vibrator." She hums and rubs his thighs.
“Yeah, I thought… looks like mum must have grabbed it for me after all. I guess…” John said absently, stroking the cover of it gently and smiling to himself.
“Right,” he nodded to himself quietly as he ate. He took in the grounds around him. Groups of very civilised people sitting on benches, or on the ground, enjoying lunch. Their meticulous uniforms glowing in the sunlight and making John feel increasingly more insecure about his attire. He noticed a few people looking his way and pointing and he wasn’t sure if it was his appearance, or the fact that he had chosen to sit with Sherlock who was obviously a bit of an outcast himself. He cleared his throat as he turned back to look at Sherlock.
Mary came over and helped dry him off, the physical contact bringing him back to his body, back to his senses again as he tried to remain composed. She stood him up and helped put his pyjama pants and a dressing gown on, seemingly unaware of the tension in him, the awareness. She gently guided him out of the bathroom and in to the lounge to lie on the sofa. As he lay down, he caught a glimpse of the ring again, lying against her cleavage, the light catching the silver as it nestled there.
Sherlock hung up the phone.
that. But coming here in the middle of the night… are you trying to
having you... here… even though… you’re not
“This technology didn’t exist when—”
“You okay?” he asked.
“How can that be possible?” John asked, as Molly zipped the bag up again, and walked over to her computer to show him.
“What is it Molly?” He was getting impatient with her. She always thought it was funny that someone as difficult as Sherlock could have ended up best friends with someone who actually had
“John, I trust you with my brother’s life. I have no doubt you’ve been doing everything you can. Just—”
He doesn’t want it to stop. He knows it has to, and when Sherlock comes, it is with a sound between frustration and pleasure, followed by John’s name. He sinks against John’s chest, grateful when strong arms pull him closer.
was. Of course he knew that was probably not the case, not really. He was intelligent enough to know that. But he could fantasize. He could pretend just a little bit- no harm in that. If he was going to watch a football match, he could have that at least.
“You’re going to get the hell out of here and leave him alone from now on. You understand?” John asked, in quiet anger, a smile crossing his face that had nothing to do with happiness. It was pure rage. “You won’t even
“Dad, where’s mum?”
“Well you’re calling him Sherlock, so that tells me quite a bit already, actually. He hasn’t said much at all, in fact. He’s been… less than forthcoming. But your name has come up a few times. So I wondered if perhaps you were—”
“But you can’t be around all the time. I mean, we’re friends. I want us to still be friends and…”
Even after seeing all of that?
John grabbed a couple of gloves from the dispenser nearby and walked cautiously over to the bed, observing details carefully as he went. Suddenly Sherlock seemed to settle, his pacing slowed, until he finally stopped to watch John in action. John noticed the change in tension in the room and looked over at him, but Sherlock’s eyes were not fully focussed, he didn’t acknowledge John’s presence at all with any sort of knowing look, like he usually would. But John’s movement towards the body had clearly caught his interest – unsettled, or worried him, perhaps? John glanced over at Lestrade, who had also noticed the change in Sherlock’s behaviour from the doorway, and they shared a look – raised eyebrows of interest and confusion.
“I’m offended, brother,” Mycroft says from the doorway, clearly enjoying the moment of humiliation, a gentle smirk on his lips.
talked like that in so long. He had forgotten how much he missed just
?” he asked as they got into the car.
“I didn’t…I shouldn’t judge. It’s not my place. I mean, I don’t know much about you at all.”
“No sorry I was just…and then you just…and I didn’t want to…so I…” John stopped and looked at the boy completely humiliated and realised he was stammering like an idiot. He squared his shoulders and cleared his throat. “Sorry,” he settled on.
,” Sherlock said on a sigh.
just be something more. John had never been successful with judging these things in his life, and certainly not with men. He had more than likely inserted himself into an incredibly awkward and complicated situation he knew nothing about.
“I—” Mycroft began, not sure how to answer.
"We’re not going to talk about it?” John demanded.
John ran straight into Baker Street without thinking. He cursed himself that he didn’t have his gun with him. It had been so long since they had worked a serious case together, he had forgotten that even a trip for takeaways could necessitate his need for a weapon.
“Obviously.”
“None,” Anderson replied.
“My dad…” John let out a big sigh, “has actually left the decision up to me. Which is so unlike him. Something about helping me to grow as a man and take responsibility. I just don’t know what he
“Still…” He let that sit in the space between them. They both knew it didn’t require more. They were both guilty.
“Steady on, brother,” Mycroft chimed from the doorway, seemingly unphased by the new development. “Glad to see you two finally working out your differences,” he simpered.
“Are you alright Sherlock?” He asked, trying to sound as if he knew Sherlock better for an advantage.
“Well yes, actually,” Sherlock said, sounding a little embarrassed now. "In hindsight, that assumption may have carried some arrogance."
“Life is full of unfulfilled wishes and dreams Sherlock and you were never a dreamer,” John said.
“You focus on you. Get your violin back under control. I will do the rest,” Mycroft says, then the door clicks shut behind him.
“I don’t believe you’re capable of that,” John said quickly, asserting his position of support.
“Bend time?” John repeated.
“You’re right. Let’s break for dinner,” the sound man agrees.
John stopped. “
Sherlock stopped moving, and looked him up and down again, assessing the situation, his eyes squinting in thought as he tried to calculate his next move. John didn’t budge, waiting with great patience for Sherlock to decide. A proper stand-off. Greg took a moment to assess them all – this family that were not very good at emotions, but somehow knew how to navigate around one another’s moods. Even when they were seemingly cruel, there was definitely love and understanding underlying it all. Greg envied it. Even at Sherlock’s most cold and calculating, Greg knew he loved his brother… and John.
The man tries not to smile, bending to grab the book from the ground, looking down at it for a moment. “You’re new,” he says in perfect English, with a beautifully posh accent, and the ground drops out from under John as he realizes just how ridiculous he must now look.
“Well they missed Sherlock this afternoon at training,” John leapt in to try and keep the peace.
“Sherlock,” John finally said as he spotted a familiar face on the large wall. “The girl from the hotel.” There she was, this time with bright red hair, but again her facial features were distinctive enough that it was obviously her. “They’re all here,” he said as he spotted the other victims, moving his torch across the map.
“Right. Well there you go. Come on, I can take you into the viewing room, if you’d like,” Greg offered, with a hand gesture to the open corridor ahead of them.
“Just that one, John. You made it halfway to best-selling author all by yourself. No cheating on my part necessary. It is a brilliant book,
“A good one too. He thinks it might be an eight or a nine.” John said enticingly.
“Fine.”
“Sherlock! Oh thank god, Sherlock. Where are you?” John’s frantic voice brought him slightly closer to awareness. It was the only voice that could grab his attention.
As he got closer, it was clear that Sherlock was standing in the waves, up to his knees, and staring out at the open sea, not moving. Stark naked in the freezing cold. John got closer, looking around to check if anyone else was awake, if anyone could actually see them. Luckily in a sleepy town like this was, there was no movement, no lights on. John could see only one light inside a small shop on the esplanade and the scent of fresh bread had wafted past his nose.
“Well, the two of you have a lot to learn still about human nature I see,” John finally said, annoyed. “You can lie back down now, and I’ll go and get your medicine. Some food too, I think. No arguments. Perhaps I can sit and read you something a little less controversial to get you to rest after that,” he said huffily.
“No.” Mycroft turned suddenly. His voice was blunt and forceful, stopping John in his tracks. “There’s no need for
“You saw?” He sounded worried.
“I just… I don’t know. I’ll work it out. I just need a minute to find out where this is,” he said, and he noticed his voice faltering. He was giving off none of the confidence he had wanted to convey.
On one side of the table, was Detective Lestrade, with another female police officer he did not recognise. On the other, he could tell immediately it was John Watson. He knew that man anywhere, despite his back being to the mirror and his posture slouching onto the table, leaning on one arm. Sherlock had to step in closer to the glass to really look though, as John was almost unrecognisable. He had lost so much weight. His hair was longer than usual and scruffy, unruly. As he turned his head slightly, Sherlock could see he had quite long stubble – not enough to be a proper beard, but enough to look almost homeless and unkempt. He was wearing a grey hoodie, way too large for him, it looked like a sack on him, in fact. It was not John’s usual style and Sherlock suddenly realised it was actually one of Sherlock’s own hoodies. From the back of his wardrobe. One he hardly ever wore himself. It had a stain on the left arm which was recognisable even through the glass and the realisation caught Sherlock off guard and unsettled him even more than John’s appearance. John was wearing his clothes? He looked like he hadn’t showered or changed clothes in at least a week. The way his head was lolling about, he was clearly not in his right mind. Drugs or alcohol, or both had taken a toll. Sherlock had never seen John out of control in all the time he’d known him – aside from in anger and frustration. John was always so clean, and well groomed. Tucked shirts, ironed pants, neatly laced shoes that were well kept. John wasn’t one to miss brushing his teeth twice a day. He was meticulous. Fastidious.
“Hungry?” Sherlock asks, lifting up the bag. John’s smile broadens.
now? Not here to protect you, huh?” he sneered.
On the other hand, when he moved back in - with Rosie - things were different, yes. But as she had grown, her giggles and her smiles seemed to be piecing them both back together. Unexpectedly. They had to work as a team to keep John’s little bee alive. Maybe she was the answer. But maybe that was why this case was hitting him so much harder. It was like seeing the very personification of his hope, die in front of him. This little girl looked so much like Rosie it hurt. And he couldn’t imagine a world without Rosie now. Or without John. Well, he had never been able to imagine that, of course, but now Rosie was entangled in that hope, that dream. She had invaded his heart.
okay,” Mycroft understood. He realised now, once John had let off steam, that the initial shock would be wearing off and John would be falling fast; the reality of the deception would be kicking in. “Everything was fine… until about a month ago.”
“How long?” John asked when Mycroft had nothing to add.
Thursday 8:31am
Sherlock feels her eyes on him and blushes. They must be that obvious, then, running around with their love written on their faces, and once more, Sherlock is grateful for the remoteness of this place. Maybe it is a good idea John wants to stay here. He doesn’t want to drag him into this whole ‘being famous’ business. Not that the tabloids care much about classical musicians but being gay still seems to make headlines. Those, they can both live without.
“Go, John,” he said, turning away, dismissing him. Mycroft’s eyebrows raised in surprise that his brother would suddenly choose this path – a path they both knew well and had utilised over the years. Keeping everyone at a distance had always been the safer option for the Holmes brothers, even Greg knew that about them. But John had always been Sherlock’s exception to the rule. This was a new development, Sherlock shutting John out like this.
He closed his eyes and let out a sigh.
“John. He
“Sherlock?” he shakes his head as if he’s imagining the vision altogether.
on that one then… I think from next week, you should increase the nurse’s hours and I’ll just check in once a day… start weaning him off the idea of having me here full time… because I think that’s best… because I just
“I’m aware of that, Sherlock,” John reminded him, a hint of anger creeping into his voice. “Better to be out of an exploding café, than
“Yeah, I heard about that. Elias told me. I thought she just ran away. She’s been missing before,” he replies.
Thursday 5:25pm
Mary looked down to see it against the outside of her shirt, and when she looked up, Sherlock knew he was right. She knew he had seen it now, and her kind, caring and confused façade dropped, as she let out a laugh in earnest. A terrifying all-knowing laugh.
, don’t you Sherlock?”
be raining. He had never thought about the families of his victims before, but suddenly he was acutely aware of the fact that Lestrade or one of the team would have to visit the family of that little girl to tell them their girl had died. If they could even find out who she was.
He had almost given up, when in the distance, he spotted Sherlock coming out of a hallway exit, and rounding the corner… to the back bathrooms. He felt dread.
“That’s beside the point, brother. We can’t have you staying amongst the common people,” he sneered, satisfied that he had annoyed Sherlock enough, when he saw his brother shut his eyes to end the argument. Mycroft knew that meant he had really won but as usual, he couldn’t stop there. “Looks like you successfully managed to upset John… again.” He moved to the chair and crossed his legs triumphantly.
“Sorry, is this okay if I sit here?” John asked.
It had been a while since he had experienced the night terrors of Sherlock’s fall, or of war. Despite himself, his eyes started to tingle as they filled up with tears, beyond his control – an irritating reaction to the adrenaline coursing through his veins. He rubbed his hands across his face to clear them again, and letting out one more shaky, loud sigh, he walked over to his cupboard and found a fresh shirt, to replace the one that was soaked from sweat.
“No. Let me go. It was my fault,” Sherlock offered gently and began walking up before John could move.
“Mycroft, let me just put the phone down, I want to check his temperature…” John placed the phone on the night stand and grabbed for the thermometer, his face showing concern, his own heartrate picking up.
I don’t understand the question though. Why would I want to know what you’re wearing?
“He asked me not to bring you okay? Just let me go and see. You know I’ll need you to help me. Just let me do the crime scene alone.” He walked over and put his hand on Johns arm. “I won’t be long. Look after Daddy, Bee,” he said, leaning in to rub his nose to Rosie’s, their special goodbye. With a quick flick of his eyes up to John, he swept out and down the stairs.
John didn’t know what to say. Should he admit it? Or should he keep denying it? He sat down on the edge of the bed, putting the folder beside him on the blanket. “Yes,” he finally admitted quietly.
“No… Sherlock…”
Mary tried to grab hold of his arm to help, and he pushed her away.
“A couple of weeks?!” John yells, and he gets off the sofa to pace the floor, suddenly out of sorts.
“So, you’re saying I could… jump into the café and stop the bombing? That’s what you’re trying to do?”
Sherlock walked slowly and silently closer to John. John was sitting with legs bent up and arms resting on his knees, his head flopped in the crook of his arm in complete defeat, almost collapse, muttering to himself.
He makes a slight detour to get to the house that is only about a hundred metres from his own – John’s house, if he deduced it right. The garden is empty, and Sherlock doesn’t notice any movement from inside, so he places the can on the doorstep. He might be a rude arsehole, but not cruel enough to deprive a Brit of his beans on toast. Not looking back, Sherlock makes his way down the hill and to the lake.
“Bye Greg…” he finished as he accepted the incoming call. “Sherlock? What have you forgotten you berk?”
quiet. Not sure what Sarah will have to say about it, although I imagine word has spread to her already. It’s all the team could talk about last night after practice!” he joked. “That was quite a scene at training.”
“We’ll take it over there,” he announced. The barman nodded respectfully, and Mycroft left a large note on the counter that well and truly covered the liquor and a nice tip, before grabbing his belongings and leading them over to a booth at the side of the room, away from prying eyes. The curved, red-cushioned seat engulfed them as they slid in and got settled, Mycroft placing his briefcase and umbrella beside himself on one side.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Mycroft replied.
He was just reaching for his beer on the table when the man made a phone call, putting his phone to his ear, his demeanour changing before he turned, looking out the window, straight in the direction of the camera, in surprise. John sat back for a moment, as if he’d been spotted watching. Something in the look on his face made John pause – the gaze was so intense – his hand still on the neck of his beer bottle, frozen and unable to move. The look of desperation was clear on his face. John dared not move yet.
“We can’t have people time jumping all over the city to any point in time for any reason. It’s used sparingly. Understood?” she warned.
“Mary,” he repeated, leaning in to shake her hand. “I’m Greg… Lestrade,” he added.
“Govinda, I’m handing over to you now,” Mycroft said, sitting down, interrupting John’s thoughts. A tall lady at the back of the room stood up and came forward.
Not bad????
“Sherlock, why are you calling?” John asked and it was mean, on purpose, demanding.
“John?” Sherlock asked.
“How can we know that? With all of the carrying on you’ve been doing!” she argued back.
“I think I can provide you with enough bickering until we are back in bed,” Sherlock hands the bottle back, reaching into the backpack for one of the cereal bars. “I’ve got a lot of bickering left in me.”
“Who’s that?” John suddenly asked, walking forward to get a better look at the screens and Greg left Everitt to come closer as well.
John turns around with the wood in hand, and lines it up on the fence. Sherlock eyes him sceptically.
(“John can we offer you a ride?”)
John looked at him, uncertain.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock said with renewed confidence, trying to be charming, “he does like to be stubborn.”
“Is it still your passion, though?” John asks before he can stop himself. Yes, Sherlock loves playing, there is no denying that. But the touring, the concerts, that seems to weigh hard on him. He doubts he could bear it, himself.
you, the very
John nodded at her in acknowledgment.
be your friend. I can help you. But not if you’re just going to ignore everything. Seeing you with James at the game. I can’t do that. I won’t. I can’t try to help you and have you just...”
“My leather bound tools. The magnifying glass…you know the ones…”
“I might be able to help with that,” Mycroft replied, the note of promise in his voice too tempting for John to resist. “I’m looking for someone… quite particular, to assist with a special task force.”
“Oh?” Sherlock asked, brow creasing in confusion. “Who?”
His simple answer gives nothing away and John is remembering some of what he found infuriating at the store.
John didn’t know whether to laugh or not, so he settled on a polite smile in return before continuing to eat. Sherlock still sat, saying nothing. The fact that Sherlock didn’t make a sound or tease his brother at this open opportunity spoke volumes to John about his mood.
“There’s a few other families to be aware of. They’ll let you know who they are, don’t worry. They’ll either try to win you over to be in their circle, or they’ll bully you senseless. But they’ll mention the money. By the end of next week, you’ll know them all.”
“Well, I’d be lost without my blogger, wouldn’t I?” he quipped.
“Come Tehrok! Come!” She squealed and giggled.
Is he serious? And then instead of helping her he… he… I’m
“You forgot rude,” Sherlock smiles and gets a kick under the table. Moments later, a fight ensues, accompanied by roars of laughter. Sherlock’s stomach hurts when they lean back in their chairs to catch their breath. It’s wonderfully silly and that, too, is not what Sherlock expected from romance. He finds himself enjoying it a lot.
Sherlock didn’t reply straight away but his face expressed a need to say something. He opened and closed his mouth as his brain ticked over and John stared, waiting for him to speak.
“Yes. Sherlock had been struggling at home and he begged me for work. Promised he was ready, and John was being overly cautious, so I sent him to meet her. It was meant to be simple. I think now she spiked his drink perhaps? Gave him an extra dose of whatever has been affecting him. I didn’t know… didn’t factor that in. She obviously sent him to the club on a mission and asked him to return to her with an update. I suspect he was not in a good way by the time he arrived, and he was either sent to meet the dealer, or he didn’t know what he was doing by that point.”
John. Seriously let me know what’s happening. I’m starting to freak out. Mike hasn’t heard from you either and he never talks to me. But he came over to ask if I knew anything. That means something is wrong. You missed football Monday afternoon. You haven’t been at school. Please just let us know you’re okay. Please.
Sherlock sat down on the blanket without saying a word and reached into the basket, to begin unpacking the food. It was their usual routine.
“I think I’ve proven to you, that you are the most important person to me,” he reminded John.
He checked his phone and was surprised there were no messages. “Hmmm Sherlock has been quiet. Not like him,” John said, trying to hide the concern in his voice.
I should do, I don’t know if accepting the scholarship will make him proud, or disgusted.”
Molly watched him awkwardly and he sensed it, but ignored her, continuing to rifle around in the cupboards for what he needed.
“In a way, yes.”
Mycroft had mentioned a scholarship ages ago.
“Or I could hammer for you…” Sherlock offers, clearly wanting to seem more useful or save face.
They kept the footage running with no sign of Sherlock anywhere. The time without relevant footage seemed to last forever.
“Career hazard, sorry. Sherlock doesn’t have… friends. I’m intrigued to be honest. There’s clearly something between you two.”
“I have to admit, crime fiction has been a bit of a secret passion of mine. Always wanted to try my hand at writing some of my own. Never thought I’d actually get to run around on a live one like that, though,” John laughs.
feel the need to use it? Unless he was under threat?”
John’s brow creased.
“So. First game tomorrow. Are you ready John? I think it’s going to be a cracker,” Mike said, with a little fist pump. Their afternoon practice had gone well.
“You’re always so dramatic. I was perfectly fine John.”
better qualified,” Mycroft answered smugly. The accompanying smirk broadened as John made a perfectly timed entrance into Sherlock’s room, to punctuate his point. John took in the mess of machines and cables still attached to Sherlock. He was still too thin, too pale, too bruised. But definitely alert.
John sat for a moment, thinking, and then leaned in and kissed Sherlock. Longer than a peck, shorter than he would like, but enough to make the point clear. Their lips suspended together long enough to get their hearts pumping and make fireworks start up.
A hysterical chuckle escapes John’s throat, feeling overwhelmed. Sherlock’s fingers stay resting against John’s chin, before carefully cupping his cheek. And there it is, a new feeling adding to the mix of emotions: hope. It flutters in his belly, makes his skin tingle, dangerous and wonderful at the same time. Sherlock’s skin is warm, and John leans into his palm, unable to resist.
“You’ve seen it now – the ring. The tattoo as well I suppose,” she said, casually.
“Yes…”
“Sherlock…” Greg interjected, suddenly feeling sorry for John, and trying to communicate to Sherlock that he was out of line, as gently as possible.
“I think it will pass,” Sherlock said with a nod. John smiled at that.
“No. I think you did it to prove you were clever. Like you always do. Without any thought to how it would hurt everyone else. And you didn’t even
“Tehrok…?” Rosie began, some little tears building in her eyes.
“Germany?” John asked again, slightly dubious. Was he really considering it?
“Well that was something,” Lestrade said, entering the room and walking over to John in the corner.
. I need to get to Baker Street and pack.”
, he noted.
one. You don’t get to say now.”
“Yes, so it seems,” Mycroft drawls with far too much enjoyment, his eyes poring over John again as he walks over and grabs one of the towels. He takes a moment to tilt his head, trying to catch a glimpse of John between the slowly evaporating bubbles and John blushes, completely aware of what is happening.
He gave her a nod to reassure her, grabbing at his leg to pretend it was the wound.
“Doctor Watson,” a stern voice said from across the room. John looked up nervously, to see Mycroft Holmes standing in the doorway to his office, looking incredibly displeased.
Finally, still wrapped in his duvet, he makes his way down to the cool kitchen. Heating up a tin of beans seems the easiest breakfast available and Sherlock stands by the window until they are done. He eats them straight from the pot and leaves it in the sink for future Sherlock to take care of.
Sherlock laughs. Mrs Hudson does have a way with people. It’s quite possible that she controls the whole town, in fact. He smiles to himself as he sits down at the table. John brings the casserole dish over, placing it on the table and serving out some stew onto the plates. He rushes back to the kitchen and returns with some chunks of bread and refills their wine glasses. They’ve already managed to drink more than half the bottle and Sherlock feels a warmness flowing through him and a slight buzz from the alcohol. Or maybe it’s the company.
okay?” John said heatedly, turning back to look out the window and end that train of conversation.
“I suspect it’s abuse, gone too far. I want to wait for more information - see how the bruises come up tomorrow.
lie down,” she said concerned, trying to grab at him and make him settle onto the couch again.
“Well, next you will jump with one of the team – a location jump. You wanted to go to the site of the bombing? So, we will jump you there.”
“It’s fine.”
“John, I come from a wealthy family, I don’t need the money. I’ve earned a fair bit from touring already. I don’t need the income to live. It’s about lifestyle now. I don’t want to be away months at a time – especially not now that I’ve found you. I want to be home with you at night and… close by.”
Mike noticed and stepped up to the microphone to speak on behalf of the team. “Sorry we’re missing part of our team, actually. Sherlock, can you please come up here as well?” he said with captainly command. Sherlock sank down into his seat, embarrassed, as some of the students turned to look at him. Mycroft’s eyebrows raised, not expecting him to be given the acknowledgement.
“Well, to a point. Obviously the drugs were meant to disorient Sherlock and sew a seed of doubt in the rest of you. Taking care of him allowed me to get to know you both, refine the plan, have access to the medications and his files.”
“Now. It has to be now. Or I won’t be able to do this.”
After settling Greg down, they agreed that John would head back with Sherlock in the morning, after they had all had some sleep first. Greg would finish the rest of the inquiries alone and bring anything back with him to Baker Street, to fill John in then. He had not been happy either, to see Sherlock – who they were trying so very hard to protect – wilfully ignoring their instructions. It took a good twenty minutes for Greg’s blood pressure to settle and for him to head to his own room.
“I watched you jump… off a
“What? Are
Mycroft sucked in a loud breath through his nostrils, bringing himself back to the space and blinking a couple of times, before looking to Greg, and brightening his expression for appearances.
“I don’t have any gear,” John said, realising how pathetic he sounded.
“You’re right. Sorry. You’re right John,” Molly nodded moving to the table.
now. He didn’t like it, but he had become middle aged suddenly and he was tired. He was tired of his daily routine which brought him no joy. Even the police work had been dull without Sherlock’s creativity lately. He missed those days. He desperately wanted something exciting, something new.
a doctor,” John answered sardonically, rolling his eyes at Sherlock’s dramatics. He leaned against the wall, arms crossed, and swapped his left ankle over his right, looking down at the ground impatiently.
“It doesn’t matter Sherlock, don’t you understand?” John replied, without even looking over to him. “Feelings aren’t always rational. They’re not something you can scientifically study. Not really. They don’t follow a predictable path. You can’t experiment and research. Sometimes they’re unpredictable. You can’t
“Oh god, sorry. How long have I been out?” John asked, feeling guilty.
“Well, he has to be here. The coach needs him.” John couldn't help being difficult. He seemed to be in a perpetual bad mood today.
Sherlock is confused by John’s outbursts.
“John!” The look Sherlock levelled at him communicating clearly his offence at the question.
As if he’d read John’s mind, Lestrade shrugged at John. How would they ever really know what was going on in Sherlock’s mind?
But there is something he can do, Sherlock realises. He runs upstairs to pick up the things he needs, stuffing them in a bag. On the way to the door, he picks up the can of beans on a whim.
“Ah, hi,” he begins tentatively. “Uh… excuse me? Excuse me? Can I help you?” he asks.
“Your lawyer is on the way, I’m sure,” Donovan replied, crossing her arms in slight annoyance, but without giving off her usual air of aggression reserved for him. John’s protective hackles were already up even so. She leaned back in her chair, looking Sherlock up and down.
He tried to make his eyes focus on the corridor outside his room. He knew that voice well.
“Well that’s great. Isn’t it great?” he checked.
and you let dirty pricks like
“Yes, apparently he has decided it’s too hard to be here. With
“Where’s DI Lestrade?” Mycroft asked, surprising John, who had not stopped to take in the room at all.
John stopped and stared at Sherlock, his breath coming faster and louder, the intensity between them rising. But he couldn’t speak. He had never expected Sherlock to say anything like that.
“We all have those,” John agreed.
“Oh, you’re going to be a regular bag of charms, aren’t you?” Mycroft goaded.
They find the bridge, and make their own path to the lake. Sherlock looks back over his shoulder, seeing the trail of their footsteps back to his house. There will be more snow in the next few days, trapping them up here, if they are lucky. Away from the world.
No… you’re right. I don’t want you to go,” Sherlock said, sitting back down beside him. “Please don’t.”
He replaces his own outdoor coat with the suit jacket. It slides on smoothly and makes John sigh from the ease of it. It’s a little big on his shorter frame, the arm seam hanging past his wrist and the bottom sits lower on his frame than it should, rendering his good-arse jeans pointless, but he nods in thanks politely. The manager, in turn, nods at Gilda and gives John another once over before handing him the ticket and walking away without another word.
“Sure, I can stick to that. If I have to,” John agreed with a nod.
“There’s nothing to tell,” Sherlock replied, with clear avoidance.
John is thankful when they reach the ice cream parlour, where they find a table outside and order. Chocolate and mint for Sherlock, mixed fruit for John. It’s lovely and sunny, and it’s fun to watch Sherlock dig into his sundae, like a little kid, almost making him forget to eat his own.
___________________
“No, not here. I think maybe James might leave me alone now, thanks to you,” Sherlock smiled. “He was a weak spot I need to learn
. Greg had gently guided his head inside the door, to collapse onto the back seat, and his stomach had lurched. He was like a young child. Only, nothing like the young child Greg had
“Yes, brother?”
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t speak. This tiny piece of paper in his hand had a weight to it which was unexplainable. It was just paper. Paper and ink. And yet, it carried the weight of the world. The point of contact between the paper and his skin burned from the heat of it.
“I don’t eat much, not while I’m thinking,” Sherlock said as if it seemed perfectly reasonable.
______________________________________
playing games! WHERE IS HE!?” the strong voice yelled, echoing down the corridor and bouncing off the walls of the cell.
Suddenly Rosie spotted him, and she left the safety of John’s arms and ran straight towards him.
Greg sat hunched on the bar stool, his shoulders sheltering his beer, as if it needed any protecting from the mid-afternoon bar crowd. This particular bar was less familiar to him. He hadn’t been here since his early days on the force, at any rate. It was less well kept than the one he frequented closer to the Yard: the smell was musty; the carpets dingier and less well cared for; the bar less polished; and a handful of lonely alcoholic regulars were spread about drinking their own sorrows – some at the bar, some in booths around the outskirts, none of them speaking to one another. Not that Greg had the right to judge. It wasn’t even two o’clock and here he was, into his second pint. He hadn’t bothered to eat yet.
for? You think I want to stay if you’re
fine. Look at you! What’s going on?” John demanded.
“Would you let me read it? Perhaps?”
” John whispered against his ear, with a smile, making Sherlock shiver.
As the cab let him out, Sherlock took in the police cars, their blue lights decorating the dark street. For a moment, it reminded him of a nightclub, the lights flashing against the brick walls of the surrounding residences, announcing to all in the area that this was a crime scene. He always felt somehow uncomfortable with it - that a crime scene should be a private, intimate space between detective and victim. They were surprisingly quiet - crime scenes. Apart from the loud flashes of the forensic photographer's camera, people always spoke in hushed tones, lots of heavy thought taking place, lots of treading softly. So it always caught him off guard, how
“… I’m not really sure what I’m looking for to be honest. John would have been useful for that, but he should focus on Sherlock. He’s only here to assist me. I do know how to investigate things without them, you know. People forget that sometimes,” he continued stubbornly.
“You just seem… rattled after this morning,” John said quietly, not making a move forward to the bench yet.
“Uh… The nightclub. Anderson’s tip-off.”
“Sherlock?” John groaned, as he opened his eyes and grabbed at his side, the knife still firmly planted under his ribs.
“I had them look outside the MI-6 connection, just in case – for any links.”
my preference at all,” he continued.
at each other in bed…” Mycroft began.
“Fine, I can say it here if you like," Sherlock said stubbornly. "I wanted to talk to you about the other night…” he began.
“Take him,” Lestrade directed his team. It took two officers to handle the cuffed man once he came to.
Now, having woken with a start, he hopes it has all been a terrible dream. He can’t really understand why or how this almost stranger he has spent a couple of months in the company of, has wrapped a way completely around his heart. The heart he thought was broken and unable to feel much of anything anymore. This gorgeous man has infected him, invaded his blood stream and brought excitement back into his life. Now he is gone, and John is going to be alone. Is it really true?
“Sherlock?” John checked, looking past James, back to the stall, ignoring James as best he could. He was here for Sherlock, he reminded himself.
He is the violin string, and John plays him, makes him tremble and vibrate under his touch. His body sings, makes him unable to process what is happening, allowing him to just feel, as John tugs at him. He is not an instrument, he is a lover. He is loved. He is making love to John, with his entire body – his very human body and throbbing heart, which pumps more blood, more love into his veins with every beat.
Sherlock blinked away a slight prickle in his eyes. The writing was jagged and scrawled, written in a hurry, not John’s usual gentle curved, considered handwriting. More like what you’d expect of doctor’s handwriting. Impersonal. Clinical. No smudges of ink from tear drops. John was stoic to a tee. Sherlock knew he meant every word but something brewed under the surface of that letter.
The man says nothing, just smiles again, as he moves to pull the door shut. John lets him past to lead the way.
Sherlock places the can of beans with all the other ones already on his shelf, a slight smile on his face. Who would have thought that he could learn so much about a man in a very brief conversation? John, as Mrs. Hudson had referred to him, was not only British – grown up in the South, a lot of time spent in London, from what his accent suggests – but an army veteran, shot in Afghanistan, but not in the leg. That pain was psychosomatic and so was the resulting limp. Single, judging by the contents of his shopping basket. Confident about himself but not his German. Not quite sure what he was doing here, yet.
“Absolutely. But don’t be too long. I need to advertise if you won’t take it. And tell that brother of yours he owes me dinner. I haven’t forgotten.”
“Yeah? Well maybe he can talk to his brother to swoop in and fix that too.”
“You didn’t come to the library before school and you haven’t been answering your messages. You’re ignoring me!”
Sherlock stopped, turning to look at Lestrade. Donovan turned her face away, not able to look at Sherlock and he noticed. It distracted him for a moment. What was he missing? His eyes narrowed, trying to deduce what the reaction was for. Clearly Donovan had seen the body and wasn’t comfortable with it.
enjoy most about their renewed living arrangement, was coming home to John. Occasionally he would go out on a case without him but come home to sit with him at night and discuss it over dinner, or breakfast, depending on the time he got back. It had given him a moment’s pause. It was the first time he had really taken the time to think about why people might take on a partner and want a life like that. Oh, he knew John didn’t see
near him. He felt hands brushing at his curls as he drifted further down into darkness, the cold swallowing him up finally.
“You don’t… hate me?” Sherlock checked.
“We ran out of milk,” Sherlock said absently as he carried on reading the papers in his hand.
“Sherlock...” Mycroft tried again finally, but John was quicker. His eyes fired a violent look of warning at Mycroft which silenced him again.
The man nods gently but doesn’t say anything. John senses he’s being judged.
______________________
When he reaches the gate, he pauses, suddenly nervous and unsure.
. "I think we've got something that should work on this. It can replace the pneumonia meds, too. I think there was an IV version of paracetamol in the kit, too, which we can use to bring the fever down. That’s why he's delirious. Mycroft, I’m so sorry, I should have been watching and I just… I thought he was just resting.”
“Right, well this time
He doesn't need an answer. Mycroft is of the ridiculous opinion that Sherlock is lonely, that he is desperate for a friend. But he isn’t. He's happy where he is. Content. He can play the violin and travel the world. What else would he need?
. Come on, you know the routine.” Mycroft holds the violin out in front of him.
And that’s the problem, isn’t it?
“Tell me
“Where is he, Greg?” John demanded, without apology, realising his ability to maintain his composure was rapidly running out.
Sherlock reserved a small part of his brain to listen to everything the young boy was answering with Lestrade, talking through what had happened, how it all came about. Sherlock couldn’t stand the matter-of-factness to his tale. The quiet acceptance that something this terrible had just… happened. With no motive. The boy had taken his step-daughter to the park. Genevieve. Ginny, for short. A couple of sleepless nights in a row while the mother was away and he wasn't watching her. She tripped and hit her head and when he found her, there had been too much bleeding. He panicked and tried to cover it up. Hadn't thought beyond moving her body, hiding her. Hadn't considered what to do when the mother returned home and wanted to know where her Ginny was.
“You know I won’t.”
“Do you want that?” John asked.
“Hmm, an hour then I guess,” he said absently.
“He’s nowhere in the flat. He didn’t say a word. He’s even left his phone behind. I have no idea how to reach him. I don’t know what to do!” She lamented, which was punctuated by Rosie’s cry in the background, a stab of guilt hitting Sherlock right in the chest again.
Sherlock stared at him straight on, unflinching, taking in the moment of shock on John’s face. John’s brow creased in confusion, but Sherlock’s face barely changed.
“Nope. It’s down by the Wirtshaus… the pub,” John says. “Wait, you know I have a car?”
“Okay,” Greg nodded in reply, looking at his feet with a slight blush at the compliment, at the respect being given to him by this man, regardless of their relationship outside work.
“Mycroft is in charge of the timelines,” Anderson justified.
“Please. No. Please,” he rasped out on shallow breaths.
“She was naked Mycroft,” John said flatly, not accepting his peace-offering.
John sits at his desk, waiting for the laptop to start up. He can’t help smiling to himself. It had been a lovely morning walk to the lake. John remembers the conversation that finally sprung forth as they had sat together, resting by the lake.
“You gave John your seat,” Sherlock says stubbornly.
Thursday 8:03am
“Eight minutes?” John checked.
He settles back down, deeper into his seat, trying to relax and get comfortable. A woman walks out this time, dressed particularly elegantly, to more applause and bows, stopping to shake the violinist’s hand before stepping to the podium and raising her arms.
“That I… that I’ve been sneaking around, to spend time with him. You know. And you’ve let it happen because that’s exactly what you wanted.”
“It can wait till the morning. But we’re not done, John. I’m sorry.” Greg sounded equally as disappointed.
“You’re shivering,” John calls, shielding his face against the rising sun to look at him. “Is this what we left our warm bed for?”
Sherlock shook his head quietly to himself in disbelief.
Mike leaned over to John, “What’s he doing down there, John? Sherlock should be up here! He needs to come up as well.” John was so focussed on getting up there, it hadn’t occurred to him to make Sherlock come too. He signalled to Sherlock to come up, but Sherlock shook his head furiously.
“Sounds great,” John said, looking out the window and taking in the scenery. They had come off the motorway and even in the dark, John only saw fields and farms for miles, as the road weaved closer to the coast. He thought for a moment what it might be like to move out to the country, away from the bustle of the city, away from so much death and crime. Of course, that was irrational given Sherlock loved London so much. Add to that the fact that they were here now
“So, are you going to come with me to maths today? What do you think?” John asked, his face open and so hopeful.
But eight minutes could never be long enough, could it?
“I don’t know what happened, but you weren’t paying attention that’s for sure. One minute we were all playing the game. The next, the other team’s brickhouse came right at you and took you out!” Mike exclaimed with a little chuckle. The game paused for ten minutes while we tried to stir you
. I’m doing whatever I can. To be with you more.”
“Seriously, though, you really should have taken up fishing,” she replied.
The brother tilted his head knowingly.
“You seemed perfectly happy out
“Know what?”
“Okay, well how long do you stay in each of your jumps?” he tried again.
“You’re lying,” Sherlock said, suddenly taking more interest in John.
“It’s my pleasure. I mean, he helps me with my cases, but he’s also my friend. I count him as a friend,” Greg said gently, nodding.
Sherlock’s angry voice, coming from the bedroom, made John smile briefly, but it was a smile which didn’t quite reach his eyes. He was too busy taking in the room – this familiar room that he had avoided for so long, the memories too painful for his brain to fully process. And yet, here he was again, looking at their chairs, still sitting opposite each other, hearing Sherlock’s tantrum from down the hallway, as if no time had passed.
Sherlock stood silently for a moment, registering all the emotions flying around inside him. He often wondered if people realised how much was zinging around in his head. He kept such a cold façade, but he wondered if they knew. John had called him a machine once. It had made him realise, that perhaps they didn’t see, they didn't understand. The façade didn't always match what was in his heart.
“Sherlock!” he called out as he negotiated around the furniture to find him, lying on the floor behind a chair.
, he thought to himself. The only people who are ever up in a village before sunrise. He brought his focus back to the water, to Sherlock.
“Shut up. Just…don’t. And what am I even doing here?? I thought I told you I…” This was the bit Sherlock had been dreading. John having remorse for the decision to be here.
“Molly. How are you?” He asked nervously, clearly not wanting human contact.
“Moriarty,” he said.
sorry.” John leaned in and kissed him again, and this time Sherlock grabbed on to him like the world was ending and they fell back onto the bed to continue making the most of it.
“Mycroft do you mind?” Sherlock says rudely.
“Well maybe he’s right,” John said, annoyed at the conversation, starting to walk out, unable to keep fighting. He was so angry at Sherlock for going out on a case when he wasn’t supposed to, and for leaving him, to have to try and solve this case alone. He suddenly felt guilty, stopping himself at the door. The silence between them was thick in the air.
“Yes. They will take you to the café, so you can observe – as you asked – the atmosphere, the people, the smells, the sounds. See the street properly. I want you to really hone in on the environment. It might help you.”
John cringed internally. She was really calling him on this. “Sarah… look honestly. I…you’re really lovely…”
“You’re worried about me embarrassing myself.” The statement hangs in the air, the ‘not-me’ at the end of the thought remains unspoken.
“Yeah, sure. Okay. And how do we do that?”
“She shouldn’t be asking him questions. You said she wouldn’t…”
“Sorry,” Mycroft groaned, looking at his hands.
“You don’t know my dad,” John said with an eye roll.
“For the tape, Sherlock,” Donovan said in open annoyance – she knew that he knew procedure.
Sherlock lets out a heavy breath. “When I was coming up with the music, as I was composing, I was remembering our time here, and how I would play for you as you slept on the couch. And I thought it would be the perfect place to come and do this – the recording. I have such wonderful memories of it all, of my time here. But now it just feels…
“Jesus! It’s not a romantic getaway, Sherlock. We’re here to investigate a murder!” he yelled, stepping away to the middle of the room to pace the floor. “You understand I’m not here because we had an argument, some kind of relationship drama? You were arrested on possible murder charges!”
“Is this…is this my fault? For texting you?” Sherlock suddenly felt incredibly guilty.
“Well?” Greg finally asked impatiently.
John then tried to surprise Mary, lurching for the gun on the coffee table instead. Not quickly enough though, with his head still pounding and fuzzy. Mary was ready, half standing to meet him as she pulled a knife from her pocket and stabbed John in the side.
“I didn’t break you, did I?” John checks. “I hope it was okay that I—”
“Shall we have tea?” He said it a little too brightly, “John!…” he called out to the flat before his brain finally caught up and he remembered.
“Don’t you use the r-word on me,” Sherlock grumbles, rubbing his nose against John’s.
“Who?”
“Well it works,” Sherlock chuckles as he shuts his eyes again and just breathes.
“I thought so. It’s good to see you, William. I hope that we can work together, no?”
“Puh.” Greg let out an unexpected sound in shock at the bold question, spitting out some of his drink. “Yes, he’s right. I mean I don’t know why he’s talking to
“What did Lestrade ask you to tell me?” he mumbled, with eyes closed, already thinking perhaps.
“Maybe he’s sleeping? I mean, he could clearly use it. He doesn’t look great at the moment, John, and it’s late,” Greg tried to reassure him.
. I’ve waited
“Why should
He had been so tired. So very tired. This month had been hard. The hit he had given himself was going to be enough.
“No, John.”
Nothing. Never mind.
___________________
Wait…is that you Sherlock?
to keep an eye on us.”
“No, I don’t want to hear it Greg,” he said, dropping his head to the table and covering his ears and head with his arms to block out any contact.
“Sehnen also means: to long for something or someone,” he whispers, eyes closed. Underneath him, John holds his breath for a moment, body going still. When he speaks, his voice is rough with emotion.
,” he admitted quietly.
“Beef?” John suggests, slightly unsure. “Nothing raw though!” he adds, seeing Sherlock’s mischievous look and jumping in before he gets any ideas.
is he?” John suddenly thought aloud.
“Triquetra,” Mycroft assisted. “The trinity knot.”
there at the extraction? Would he be angry? Would it upset him that John had finished the job he had expected to do? Would he ask John to leave when he found out?
“Just...” John said forcefully, placing a hand on Sherlock’s arm to make him sit again. “…shut up for a minute.”
“He arrived at a crime scene, higher than I’d ever seen him. Destroyed the whole scene. Evidence was unusable. Case ended up thrown out of court and the perp went free. Sherlock ended up being carted off to rehab by his brother, straight from the scene.”
“Sure. I’ll do my best.”
Without words, John pulled himself away from Sherlock to go to the sofa, where there was a blanket thrown over the arm. He had been using it on nights when he couldn’t bring himself to get up and move to his bed in his misery. He looked back to Sherlock, tilted his head only slightly, to signal for Sherlock to come in. They had always been so good at silent communication, and John sighed in relief when Sherlock walked in slowly, understanding the direction without words. The tension in the air was palpable as none of them spoke. The little dance between them all suddenly uncertain.
Sherlock popped his head up and looked him dead in the eye with those gorgeous eyes of his and said "I was lying in bed and thinking, what else is new?, but then I was struck by realization...With my superior intellect, I have the potential to rule the country, or perhaps, even the world!" A grin quickly spread across his face, hope in his eyes, and he leaned in closer. "Can you imagine it??"
The doctor nodded and said "As are you. So yes, then?"
Even now, ever since he deduced John since the day they met, but didn't realize that John was a Daddy Dom until they were in private, he's still the same Sherlock, but different. He's more open with the older man, trusts him with his life, and loves being his Little Boy most of all. He'll deny liking being a Little till the day he dies, but John knows he loves it. He's the love of the doctors life and he knows he's the same for the genius and consulting detective. The doctor cleared his throat and crossed his arms over his chest. He said "Sherlock...Look at Daddy, Baby Boy."
He's heard a lot about some Japanese cartoon cat called Pusheen. He's looked it up, and Pusheen is adorable. Cutest little cartoon fat cat the Doctor has ever seen.
The older man smiled as the younger man fully transforms back into Dr. John Hamish Watson, PhD and MD, Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers' sweet little bug, once again.
John pointed at him and said "Well with that attitude, you might as well get out, because I won't have it in my flat."
It was perfect. It was absolutely perfect. John couldn't help but grin while he sat in his office at work. He was looking up stuffies online to see if he could possibly find something new for his Little Bug that he couldn't find at a store.
The consulting detective smiled and said "And I love you." Kissing him back when he went for a third. They spent the next few minutes kissing and giggling before John pulled away, kissing Sherlocks forehead and doing the same for Reginald, before holding his bug close once again.
, I have seen a great change in him. And you would know I have seen Sherlock before and after you came into the picture."
Sherlock curled up in a ball against him, and John smiled, arms wrapping around his bug in a protective, loving hold. He handed Reginald back to him, realizing Sherlock had left it there when he got up, leaning in and kissing the genius' cheek a few times.
John picked up the package and said "Well, it appears you received a package, and it's strange, because it was sent to my office."
The doctor raised an eyebrow and asked "Me?"
and not
The older man chuckled and said "Oh God. And oh it's
The Doctor smiled and said "Well at the moment, I am witnessing the most gorgeous thing on God's green earth, lying partially dressed, and coloring in my bed.." He set the package down on the nightstand and crawled onto the bed, straddling the younger man from behind.
Sherlock smiled a little and when he opened the box, he pulled the stuffie out and raised an eyebrow. John smiled and said "Sherlock, meet Pusheen. Pusheen is a Japanese cartoon cat that is becoming more and more popular...Correction, Bug, meet
John sat down next to me and Mycroft turned to him. He said "You of all people would know that my dear brother can be...Difficult. Ridiculous, and so forth."
"Nothing."
He nodded and said "I do, and I am grateful for that. But I have seen him get hurt...So badly, and watched him pit his walls up. He was a loner, bored, a junkie, and well...I feared he would've taken his life, it had hadn't been for you."
The younger man said "I wanted to see if I have gotten any better at sneaking about, and I have concluded I have." Before giving the older man a little smile. Wrapped up in one arm was his favorite stuffie, an Otter he named Reginald. The genius then said "John, I have come to a conclusion."
The doctor smiled and headed towards their bedroom and when he entered, he discovered the consulting detective was lying on his stomach, on their bed, coloring. His smile grew when he saw Sherlock was wearing one of his dress shirts, underwear, and his plush shark slippers that made it look like the sharks were eating at his feet.
The genius didn't look at him, but said "I am coloring in the Anatomy coloring book you got me last week...What are you up to?"
, makes him so happy...But for now, who are you? Whose Daddy's Little Bug?"
The older man felt his heart flutter at his innocence and said "I would love to, Baby."
Sherlock smiled and continued drawing, even as the older man started kissing him. He kissed the top of Sherlocks hair, on his cheeks, on his neck, and the younger man chuckled. He shrugged away and said "Stop it!"
John shook his head and said "I'd never hurt him, not intentionally, never. You know that."
The doctor smiled and said "Your welcome, my Love." He leaned down and pecked him on the lips. "I love you."
The younger man smiled and said "It's wonderful, really...Thank you, Daddy."
John nodded and said "You didn't. But I did." And smiled. He handed the box to Sherlock and said "I found something online, last week. I thought you would love it, take a look."
John was occupying himself with the newspaper, while Sherlock was taking his afternoon nap.
The consulting detective smiled and squirmed from the kisses, but snuggled deeper into his Daddy's embrace. John smiled and asked "So what is this conclusion of yours, Love?"
Mycroft nodded and said "Gladly. Actually, I was looking to speak with you John, if you don't mind."
The younger man nodded and said "I hope so...And if you ever hurt or betray him, I will make it appear as if John Hamish Watson never walked the face of this earth."
The doctor nodded and said "Noted. Is there anything else? Any other threat? I'm open for suggestions."
I have seen him at his worst. He despises me, and I accept that. I'd rather have my little brother hate me, than not have him at all...I love my brother. And I didn't like you when you first showed up, because I feared he would get hurt."
The doctor nodded and said "I saw him, and I thought it was perfect. Detective Pusheen, working hand in hand, solving crimes with the worlds greatest and only consulting detective, the ever so brilliant, my Baby Boy, Mister Sherlock Holmes...You really like it?"
The genius paused, bringing the cup down. "Perhaps." Before bringing it back up for another sip.
The consulting detective poured himself some juice in his favorite little cup with an elephant decal on it, ignoring the older man. But before he could repeat his request, the younger man turned to face him and asked "Yes?" Before taking a sip.
And his bug is very protective of his stuffies, and only he, John, and sometimes Mrs. Hudson, are allowed to be near them or touch them.
Sherlock finally managed to stop laughing "Me! I am! Now stop it!"
The doctor nodded and said "Yes, that would be lovely, thank you."
Though it irritates their friends and basically anyone they come into contact with, John happens to love that quality about him. Though he can be mean sometimes, but sometimes he doesn't realize it.
Sherlock sighed and said "Daddy, may you stop,
He looked up at the doctor and said "Aww, Daddy...He's adorable!...Wait a minute...Oh dear Lord, he's got that stupid hat! Now I'm not the only one, I hate that God awful thing."
John smiled saying "There he is, there's my bug. Come here sweetheart, come back and tell Daddy about your conclusion." The younger man looking down at the floor as he quietly padded over to the other man, getting back onto his lap not quite like before, after John sat back down.
John grinned and said "There we go, atta boy. Oh, and something else occurred today."
The Government official nodded and turned to walk downstairs, when John asked "Mycroft?"
The younger man's lips went down into a small frown, and narrowed his eyes at him. He was quiet for a brief moment before he groaned and got off the older mans lap. "Damn you." Was muttered from the kitchen, and it almost missed John's ears.
He chuckled and said "Actually, yes, I can imagine it...And I know you could do it someday, you're brilliant enough to, and I'd root for you, Love." And he means it. He could see the hope get brighter and seeing coming from the younger man, makes him so happy.
The older man tool a step forward asking "Nothing, are you sure?"
Mycroft nodded and said "I've noticed."
The consulting detective examined the cat, and John became nervous. He prays he doesn't think it's stupid. But his nerves disappeared when a huge grin slowly spread across his face. Sherlock's smile is the world, but only when he genuinely smiles. This smile is one of those smiles.
"I'm happy he has you in his life."
The older man said "Christ Sherlock, you scared me. Why didn't you call Daddy when you woke up? Hmm?" Gently resting his hands on his narrow hips.
Sherlock nodded and said "Yes."
"Yes." The younger man said, now holding a carton of orange juice.
Mycroft stood and dusted himself off before straightening his clothes. He said "No, I believe that is all...But do continue to look after him, John...His loss would truly break my heart."
The consulting detective asked "Oh? And what was that?"
He chuckled and turned in his chair to look at Sherlock, who was looking through their fridge. He stood up and asked "What was that, Young man?" His tone playful but stern.
"I don't know, should I stop? It didn't sound like you asked very nicely, Baby."
The doctor smiled a little and said "I thank God every day that I'm friends with Mike Stamford. If it hadn't been for him introducing me to Sherlock, I'd be hobbling about London at various speeds with my psychosomatic limp, and would've ended up offing myself...Sherlock changed everything for me, and I love him."
The doctor stopped and smiled. "That's right...And he loves his little future overlord...With all his heart." Leaning in and stealing a kiss from Sherlocks lips. "I love you." Another kiss.
The older man stepped forward again, asking "Does Baby need his little bum spanked for his attitude? Sit in the corner perhaps, without one of his stuffies?"
The younger man nodded and said "I'll save it for Sherlock then. Speaking of which, where is my little brother?"
She nodded, and Mycroft said "I'd like one too, if you don't mind., Mrs. Hudson" She turned and scowled at the older Holmes brother, before going back downstairs.
The doctor nodded and smiled. "They do, Baby, they have plenty more. And I shall not rest until my Bug has all the Pusheen merchandise, the world has to offer. If that's what it takes."
The younger man looked back over his shoulder and said "Stop,
Sherlock was asleep in their bedroom, while John was in the kitchen. He heard someone coming up the stairs and when he looked, he saw Mrs. Hudson. She smiled and said "John, Dear. You have a visitor." They turned and looked to see Mycroft behind her.
The younger man sat down, lying his umbrella across his lap and said "Sit down, Doctor Watson. I wish to speak about Sherlock Holmes."
now, is it? Has someone forgotten that I'm to be referred to as
"You heard nothing."
"In the bedroom!"
Now don't tell me the ever so brilliant Sherlock Holmes, Daddy's very good boy has forgotten something like that, now has he?"
The older man stopped and looked at him in surprise. He raised an eyebrow and asked "I'm sorry?"
He failed to realize Sherlock had woken up, and next thing he knows, his newspaper is snatched from his hands, and a grown man is straddling his lap.
Sherlock nodded and said "I love it...And I hope to God you get more of these, if they have more."
Sherlocks smile grew and said "Yes, I know. Before, I despised the idea of marriage, but I am a believer in "the one", and if I ever found my "one", then I would marry them...And you, John Hamish Watson, are, and always have been, my "one"."
John knew this and nodded. "Yes, I know. But he's damn well worth it, What's your point?"
The older man chuckled and asked "Stop, what?"
Pusheen."
The older man smiled. He knows Sherlock has always been a little bit of a grump, and he sugar coats nothing. He says exactly how he feels and isn't afraid to say it.
He paused, watching for any reaction from his baby boy, since he loves his growing collection of stuffies, before adding "Or...Would he rather come back and sit on Daddy's lap and tell him all about his little conclusion and be spared of any punishment, since Daddy loves his Little One very much?"
Sherlock’s breathing began to quicken and I soon felt his large hands tugging at the hem of my jumper. I smiled into him before I gently pushed him down onto the bed so he was laying on his back, my hand on his sculpted chest. We stopped kissing for a moment so he could adjust himself. His eyes were wide, but showed contentness. I quickly unbuckled my pants and stripped myself of them quickly. I then moved myself so I was straddling Sherlock's hips. I pulled my jumper off while he was watching. Looking down at him after I removed the jumper, I saw his face had turned all pink and he was looking away. I learned down and gently turned his head with my finger. “Are you alright?” I asked gently. He nodded briskly. “Yes.” he said. “You're absolutely sure?” I confirmed.
Like my index finger on his hand, I moved my thumb in gentle circles on his cheek. I could feel him relaxing beneath my touch. First his face muscles, then his shoulders and torso. It was almost like he was melting into me. As we continued kissing, I carefully removed my hand from his and began unknotting his bathrobe. He pulled away from my kiss and pulled his bathrobe off completely then leaned back in. I placed my hand onto his bare chest and drew more circles with my fingers. The kiss moved into that of a desperate and needy one. Our teeth messily clashed and our noses kept on bumping, but it was all part of the experience and we both smiled into each other every time it happened.
I watched her smile a little. “Reckon he’s got a girlfriend or boyfriend? Could be why he’s cheery.” I coughed a little on my tea. I keep forgetting she doesn’t know about me and Sherlock. We should probably tell her soon. “Are you okay, deary?” She asked, leaning forward. I Smiled and nodded, setting my tea down on the table next to my chair. “Yeah, I’m fine. But I don’t actually know if he's got a boyfriend or a girlfriend. You’ll have to ask him when he gets back.”
I used put a generous, but not too generous, amount of lube on my crotch and lined myself up with him. I leaned over him and locked my lips with his. “Are you ready?” I whispered. He looked me directly in the eyes and simply said “Yes.” “You’re sure?” I added. “I’ve never been more sure in my life.” He said. I tilted my head. “Welllll, you’ve been quite cocky about certain cases we’ve had.” I said, smiling. He gave me small smile back. “Just shut up and let’s get on with this. Please, John.” He begged. I took a breath and pushed in a little - slowly - and grunted a little. I was trying so hard to make this as comfortable as possible for Sherlock. His face was twisted in an uncomfortable way. “Am I hurting you?” I asked. He shook his head. I pushed in a little further. “Sherl- I need you to relax.” I said softly. Even if it was a very awkward position to do so, I put my hand on his stomach and rubbed circles on it like I had done before. He took a few deep breaths and I felt him slowly relax beneath me. I finally pushed in all the way and stayed for a moment to let him adjust. “You okay?” I checked again. “I’m fine-” He said quietly. “Please- go on.”
“Goodness.” She repeated herself after a moment. “Would you guys mind keeping the volume level down a bit, next time? I was proper frigh-” “Yes, yes, I apologize, Mrs. Hudson.” John interrupted her. He glanced at me smirking and I hid my face even more with the paper. “Now, if we could be alone that would be great. We’ll catch up soon, yeah?” “Oh, yes, cheers!” She said and she left.
She laughed a little. “Lord knows Sherlock wouldn’t tell me. You know how private and secretive he always is.” She said, brushing non-existent lint off of her dress as she stood up. I nodded, again. She took my empty cup and left with a “Ta!”
Quickly, he walked back over to me and, taking my face in his hands, he kissed me. I smiled and kissed him back. It was one of those quick 5 second 'I love you, bye' kisses. I felt my heart float as he pulled away, smiled, and briskly left. I sat there with a content grin on my face. He never does that. I could faintly hear him say a quick greeting to Mrs. Hudson downstairs before the front door shut.
I heard the water to the shower turn off and the butterflies of anxiety and excitement alike exploded in my stomach. My once slow and controlled thoughts sped up like crazy and my heart palpitated. I’ve been waiting for this night for well over a year, even if I have only been with Sherlock for a year.
I heard the bathroom door open and I turned to look. Sherlock looked at me and smiled small. He looked nervous, his hands self-consciously crossing over as much chest as he could manage. I glanced down at him- he was only in a towel. I swallowed and cleared my throat before looking back up to his eyes. “Um, let me know when you want me to come in, okay?” I said softly. He nodded and walked into the bedroom, shutting the door behind him. I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding in. My throat felt like I hadn’t had a drop of water in 10 years whilst living in the desert. I took a few sips of the water sitting on the table next to me, feeling oh-too overwrought.
He whimpers and nips at his shoulder again. "I love you.."
He groans softly. "Christ, Brian.."
Sherlock wakes and nuzzles against Greg.
Jason growls softly and pulls him closer, pressing him close. "You know when you wear v necks it makes me think very very dirty things." He kisses along his jaw and down his neck. "Mm so tell me, handsome. Where have I been?"
"Good." He smiles and rubs his sides. "I want to take you out more. I want to date you."
Greg smiles and nuzzles him. "Anything you want, My.."
Jake nuzzles him and smiles as Arron brings out the next tray and takes away the finished one.
“Yeah.” He hums happily, floating in sub space.
‘As soon as Mother died, they started to team up and punish those who didn’t want to.’
“Mm my genius.” John smiles and nods.
“Such a good girl..” He praises, thrusting into her.
Mycroft nods. “That’s fine.” He smiles. “So long as we still get to see them.” He says, not realising what Diōnē meant.
He curls up with Mycroft, slowing coming back to himself.
She blushes and whimpers needy as she pushes her arse back into his hands. “Please please! Want my Daddies to fuck me together.”
He smiles and nods. "I will."
Greg gasps and holds her hips. “Whatever you want. Just not my neck.” He says softly, kissing her nose.”
John wraps his legs around Cecil, pulling him in deeper.
"I can't wait." Chloe smiles.
Sherlock looks to John before heading back to grab a cab.
Mycroft is quiet. "You mean that?" He asks, softly. He was trying to get used to Greg's appreciative comments, but it was still difficult.
He frowns and holds onto her.
“Please, sir. Want your cock, please, need it.”
"Daddy, Papa says you can stay over too. Like a sleepover." She hollered without covering the phone.
He thrusts harder, leaning in to bite her neck. “Gonna fill you with so many fucking babies.”
“Never.” He grins and pulls him down for a kiss.
"That's right. All for me." She smirks and moves to straddle him, still stroking him slowly.
She smirks and nods. “See anyone you’d like to play with?”
She smirks and looks around at everyone busy. She slips under the table and number between Michael's legs.
