will be." She sniffled into his shoulder for a few long moments while John rubbed his hands up and down her back.
Transport could be regulated and controlled, but only to a point. This was why he ate and slept every few days, despite the tedium. With these facts before him he could no longer ignore the data from his transport. It had been subtle at first, just a whisper of the poisons encroaching hold. Increased fatigue, joint stiffness, muscle cramps, intensifying headaches; the list of symptoms only grew and intensified with time. Now, there was no denying his situation.
," John had said, standing and beginning to clear away his dishes. "
. The killer must have seen John working a shift and moved to neutralize what they perceived at a threat because of John's former connection to Sherlock. Given the killers modus operandi John would likely suffer some sort of 'tragic accident' while inside Holloway Sanatorium, and Sherlock could
John moves forward the only way that he can, and desperately hopes everything will stop feeling so wrong.
"You are well informed, Mr. Homes," Ilia stated, reluctantly.
Sherlock was married to his work, so why…?
A hand gripped his elbow like a steel band, pulling upwards. "Now, Sherlock, or I am dragging you out the window." Sherlock let out a short, rough exclamation that sounded like a growl, and shut down the computer. Keys rattled in the lock and John stiffened. "Window?"
I can understand it when I see it."
"The Clemons were a wealthy family, and so her husband, Mr. Clemons offered Victor's father an exorbitant amount of money if he could…'fix' the situation."
"He's rigged up a system to pump the gas through the ventilation shaft. It will be less concentrated that way, but the effects will still be deadly. John's overdose patient-"
"You're staring, Dr. Watson," Mary observed with a wry smile.
His first course of action as to hack the company security system. The discrete camera that had formerly overseen employee downtime had been thoroughly disabled already, likely by Mr. Wallingford during the initial renovations. Sherlock started his review of past tapes with those capturing the comings and goings of Mr. Wallingford in the last months of his life.
In the grand scheme of things it also didn't really matter if she had been partially or entirely motivated to take him on as a flatmate because of any loneliness she might have felt. She was a good flatmate and this situation was exactly what John needed right now. If he met similar needs in her life, so much the better.
what he did!"
Mary shrugged. "In a place dedicated to wine storage near the Thames."
Sherlock detested these kinds of gatherings and all the false niceties associated with them. He had only attended so that he could close his latest case. The case, and the invitation to this Gala, had both come to him through Mycroft. Sherlock was invited to all of Mycroft's high handed soirees, but he never attended. He didn't take cases from his brother either, but this one was at least an eight, and he hadn't worked a case above a four in two months. Also, Mycroft may have not so subtly threatened something about exile if Sherlock didn't capitulate 'just this once.'
nightmares. If that’s possible.”
"Because that's his brother."
“Why don’t you like your name?”
“I’m sorry,” John whispered, unsure how to say anything else. What could he possibly say at a time like this?
“Something happened today,” Sherlock replied, making it clear it wasn’t a question.
“Sherlock?” John asked, appearing before him out of nowhere, calling Sherlock from his thoughts, and Sherlock blinked, fighting tears to meet John’s eyes. “Hey, are you okay? Did something happen?” he asked, and Sherlock shook his head.
Mycroft was not a man who was known for fits of rage, or acting impulsively. The last time he did he had cleared the desk in his office, just after learning that John had been assaulted by Charles Augustus Magnussen, and he couldn’t even remember the time before that. Injecting both of the vials of the tracker jacker venom into the man’s neck was not one of these times, however; he had planned it from the start, just not until he had completely served his purpose. Unfortunately for him, he had tested Mycroft’s patience, but that was fine; Mycroft could survive without his consciousness. He hadn’t needed him for much more, anyway.
“I’m great!” Sherlock replied without thinking, and smiled once he realized it was true. “I’m – I’m actually great.”
Magnussen adjusted his glasses, watching the lens as if he was reading something, and smirked.
“It’s the least I can do,” Mycroft said. “We should get back to the party,” he went on, standing. “If Harriet runs into any tracker jackers she’ll need a medical kit more extensive than one hundred bandages.”
“I am so happy – and I can’t wait to see them both. When this Quarter Quell was announced and we knew that Sherlock and Harry would be going into the Arena together, Sherlock told me he wouldn’t make me choose between him and my sister, and he was right, in a way that nobody ever expected. I’ve never been more in love with Sherlock than I am right now, and I want him to know that; this has done nothing but strengthen our relationship,” John answered, and Sherlock could tell he was on the verge of tears.
Hannibal Lecter Magnussen makes his announcement, and Sherlock has a theory.
Mrs. Hudson cried, approaching Harry and kissing both of her cheeks. She looked at John’s mom. “Surely, that can’t be what you’ve named her?”
“This is it?” John asked the woman, and she nodded. John looked at Sherlock. “There’s eleven floors for us to get through. Are you sure you want to do this?”
Harry was the first one to notice her, and she broke away from the group to meet Louise halfway, where they threw their arms around each other in a tight embrace as soon as they were close enough to each other to do so. John could see Louise closing her eyes tightly despite whatever pain she was in as she leaned into the hug, and he smiled for the first time since leaving the closet, grateful that she was alive.
the victor, and thankfully, sex was not mentioned again. For Sherlock, it was almost enjoyable.
Twenty-five years old – Mycroft was only twenty-five years old. And now he would remain that way forever – all of these people would be frozen in time, unable to age for another second, all because of this.
“John –”
“Yes you did,” John cut him off before he realized what he was saying, but still he stepped forward, bravery swelling in his chest. “You know exactly what he did, and exactly what he planned to do to me. You’re not sorry; you never were and you never will be. So go feed your bullshit to someone else, because we all know what you’re really about, Hannibal.”
“Well, it’s like you always said – the Games age you. I’m getting the full treatment.”
John nodded and stood up, taking the pen from Mycroft and adding onto his message. As soon as he did, Mycroft sent in the order.
“When I woke up, he was there. He lowered the pain meds going into my IV so I’d wake up from the pain –”
“What if no one played?” Louise asked, suddenly, her eyes welling with tears as she looked up at Mycroft. “What if, when the countdown ends and the Games begin, no one moved?”
start crying, and it’ll just be a huge fucking mess and nobody wants that,” she had joked, with tears falling down her cheeks anyway,) John let out a single burst of laughter before he too dissolved into tears.
And with that, it was Clover’s turn to be questioned. With each question asked, her bandaged hands would twitch at her sides, eager to reply, but then, as if remembering that her hands were out of commission, she would open her mouth and answer for her hands.
The next time he saw Dean was over the summer, during the Sixty-Ninth Hunger Games (NICE)
“You alright?” John asked, a smile playing at his lips.
“You’re up,” he said, jerking a thumb at the podium, and John started to walk back to his seat.
“Ravenstag...” Sherlock breathed, without even realizing he was saying it out loud.
“Nah; too anxious,” John replied, leaning against the doorway. “It’s so hard knowing they’re in the same building but I can’t go see them.”
Mycroft would call in his spookiest voice, pretending he didn’t know where exactly where his brother was.
And Hannibal stared at Harry, unblinking, as he replied:
John stared at the man for a moment, and then finally sighed, running his hand through his hair.
Why else would he bring it up?
The Victory Tour makes stops in Districts 10 and 9; John meets the victor of the 73rd Hunger Games; John makes a decision that no victor has ever made before.
So he needed to fall on his back.
to be.
The whole time they did this, Snow was talking.
“But I wanted to give you something –”
“Hey, do you want to stay at Louise’s tonight?” he asked his sister.
Snow looked at Mycroft.
“What kind of middle name is
Shortly after Sherlock and Harry vanished from the broadcast again, only to reappear for the recap, Clover arrived, asking how John was, and he, not knowing all the words he wanted to say in her language, signed that he was okay.
“It’s just hit me what we did,” she said quietly. “What we’ve done.” She looked up at him. “We’re killers, now.”
Mycroft smiled his saddest tight-lipped smile, and then his face returned to its serious state as he pulled his hands from behind his back – one hand holding his umbrella, per usual, and the other held a lilac backpack to match Sherlock’s jumpsuit.
WHOA HOLY SHIT IT'S A CHAPTER!!
Sherlock kept him there. Sherlock kept him from running out of the auditorium and never returning. Because this was a place for people who had lost people they loved, and Sherlock was the most solid reminder John had that he belonged there just as much as anyone else did – because he lost someone he loved, too.
“Come in,” said a voice from within, almost Capitol-like in nature, and Sherlock opened the door without a single glance back at Dean.
“When do you think Magnussen will...” she waved her hand around, searching for the word. “...kill again?”
“Yep,” Harry replied without looking up, her voice cold.
She quickly took Sherlock’s jacket out of his bag and tied the sleeve of it around his upper arm.
“That’s quite alright, boys,” he replied. “If you change your minds, just let me know.” He then interlaced his fingers on the table. “Now, I’m sure you’re wondering why I’ve called you here, today. Or, you know exactly why you’re here,” he added, meeting Mycroft’s eyes.
Another shadow –
“Maybe. Probably.” Sherlock whispered back, mulling the idea over in his head: his addiction had saved him. It sounded preposterous – dangerous as hell – but it was the only thing that made sense, no matter how improbable it seemed.
The last time he gave himself this much Morphling, Sherlock had overdosed.
“If this meeting takes that long, which I don’t really see happening, but it’s better to be prepared.”
stage, with whoever was “fortunate” enough to win the Games this coming year.
“Thank you. If John gets arrives before I do, take him to Dean, then come up to the Penthouse and alert me, okay?”
John nodded, and then was quiet for a moment.
John shrugged. “I don’t think he’s gonna rest until he is.”
“Okay, I’ll get John –” Sherlock started, but Dean shook his head.
Sherlock watched John closely as he went through his nightly routine, but even that was different: John closed the door to the bathroom when brushing his teeth and getting changed into his pajamas. They were together; they had been shirtless in front of each other before, and they were both fine with it – until now. Not only that, but as soon as Sherlock had taken off his shirt to get changed into pajamas, John was suddenly extremely interested in the mentor manifesto that, months before, he had told Sherlock could “fuck off” and let him know that his brother was being an “utter cock” for getting on John’s ass about it.
“Goodbye, Sherlock.”
Hello! It's been a bit! Welcome to the Sad AU, where everything is horrible and it sucks!
– thirty-four seconds.
, he liked
Before John could react – or even try to figure out what the moment between them could possibly mean – Mycroft Holmes was by his side, pushing him, Sherlock, and Harry into the backstage area.
– and they just turned on him out of nowhere for
“Okay, well...Ormond is a doctor – the best doctor anyone has ever seen. A real miracle worker, you could say. They’ll tell them all Ormond lost his leg in a war, and that he doesn’t like to talk about it so no one will ask. And Sherrinford...Sherrinford solves crimes. Not stupid mysteries in District Twelve like ‘oh I wonder who dropped this coin on the ground’ or figuring out which of the Peacekeepers have broken the most of the rules that they’re supposed to be enforcing. Real crimes – important crimes. And you – Ormond – will help, of course. He’d take it up as his main profession, but he wants to help heal people, too, so he only solves crimes with Sherrinford part of the time and work in the doctor’s office the other part. But it won’t be just the two of them against the world – not anymore. Because everyone there will be brilliant, like them – like us. And even if they’re not that’s alright, because they’re probably loads better than the people here. And they’ll like us – I mean, they’ll like me; everyone already likes you, I have no doubt you’ll win their affection there, too. And...” he looked at John. “...someday the nightmares will stop. Because you won’t be reminded of here at all – the place we’ll go will be nothing like where we are now. And everyone will stop asking us about our private lives because we’ll be just regular people, like them – we’ll have privacy again. And we’ll get married when we’re good and ready and not when the Capitol wants us to – because they
He didn’t know what was keeping him on the stage until he realized what he was looking at: Victor’s father. He was waiting for a response, some sign of forgiveness – anything –
It had worked –
happy,
John nodded. He understood the situation, and he did like Alexander and was warming up to Dean, but that didn’t mean he wanted to be cooped up with multiple career victors all day with no one from the outlying districts to serve as a buffer. What he really wanted was to see his sister and Sherlock.
“No way – she’s gonna burst a fucking vein when she sees this. ‘Harriet! What are you doing?! How are you going to fit into your dress for tonight?!’” she exclaimed, mimicking Mrs. Hudson’s voice with shocking accuracy. “Personally, I’d like to see that,” she muttered, smirking.
“Yeah, he did; he left a little while ago –”
Sarah Sawyer was the only tribute working by themselves, now that Sherlock and Harry had found each other again. She had found a home in sector thirteen, which contained leeches from the twenty-ninth Hunger Games, which were easy to survive as long as Sarah didn’t step in a pool of water. Luckily, though, she knew how to use the spile that was provided for her by the Capitol, and felt no need to disturb the creatures that lived in the pools of freshwater, and since the Capitol didn’t see a reason to make the leeches land-dwelling creatures, the leeches didn’t disturb her.
Anyone could go up there and swear on a thousand graves that they were telling the truth, and then lie to everyone’s faces, and no one would know the difference. A person’s word never meant anything when it came to getting what they wanted.
“You’re lying, Sherlock,” Harry said in a sing-song voice, and he glanced at her to see that she was grinning ear to ear, eyeing him knowingly.
Dean tilted his head to the side, watching John carefully. “Of course me, too.”
“You didn’t tell me that,” Mycroft murmured, and John removed his hand from his face, looking away.
“And that program was made by humans. Put it that way, and eliminate the middle man, and this maze was made by humans.”
The four attend the reaping ceremony; Sherlock and Harry say goodbye to Mr. and Mrs. Watson; Harry gets an unexpected visitor; Mycroft is concerned about District 1’s male tribute.
“I’m not concerned about the food,” Mycroft lied. “I’m just trying to keep us on Mrs. Hudson’s schedule –”
“But why does he want
Mycroft walked back to Lavinia and placed his hands on her shoulders.
“Ch-Charles Augustus,” John replied, briefly forgetting which one was which.
“But of course,” he said, zipping his fly again. “You don’t know what he did, but I do. Trust me, he deserved that.”
The talent search had not been going well. The only thing John was good at was what he was good at all along: he excelled in medical care. In fact, he had gotten a job working to become a doctor for the District. There were only two doctors in District 12, a husband-and-wife team, Mr. and Mrs. Monroe. Mrs. Monroe saw to the women and children, and Mr. Monroe saw to the men. They spent their free time training their children, Susanna and Thomas Jr., in their ways, so when they eventually passed, the practice would be passed over to them, making it a brother-sister team. But about month after John returned from the Games, the Monroe’s went to John and offered to mentor him, and John jumped at the opportunity. And so, while Sherlock and Harry hung out after school, he spent a few afternoons at the Monroe’s, working alongside Mr. Monroe, Mrs. Monroe, and Thomas Jr. (Susanna was in Sherlock and John’s class, thus still going to school, whilst Thomas Jr. was two years older than John), then Sherlock would be back to John’s side once John was done for the day.
“Please don’t,” Sherlock deadpanned, and John stopped, looking back at the train.
He spun back to Dean.
“I hope he drowns,” he muttered, the thought of Magnussen bringing back the memories John fought to keep away.
“– so what’s stopping another muttation from being in there?”
“More like good days and days where you need a bomb shelter to hide from her,” Dean said, and glanced over John. “She’s from District Two. Killed her last five opponents at once a few years back. She’s alright, just has problems, like the rest of us,” he explained.
But, both of them too anxious to sleep, Harry and Sherlock ended up sitting with their backs pressed against a large, moss-covered tree trunk, their shoulders touching, holding hands as they watched the stars above their heads as they talked.
Most of the box’s contents were papers – Sherlock and Mycroft’s birth certificates, the deed to their parent’s house in the Seam as well as the house in the victor’s village, lists upon lists (all written by Mycroft), and Mycroft’s victor paperwork (all signed by Dean Bainbridge) – but there was also a copy of the mentor manifesto and the rules of the Hunger Games, both of which Mycroft had written notes in the margins of.
Ten tributes were killed in all – almost half of the tributes were gone within the first ten minutes of the Games. Nine people lost their siblings in ten minutes. Caesar Flickerman went through the names excitedly, as if a record had been broken, and all John could do was stare in shock. As the names were called, their deaths were quickly recapped.
“We never thought we’d do any of the things we did to get us here,” Sherlock mumbled.
O' Sister by City and Color - John and Harry
of them could muster. “Where I will miss absolutely nothing, except for your amazing ice cream, and the brilliant enigma that you call a pizza.”
“In this case, yes it does.”
He knew –
“I will – right now – I’ll give you everything I’ve got –”
But John said no such thing. In fact, John didn’t say anything at all.
At least it was thematically appropriate.
The world would continue on without him, and he would die.
“Okay,” he said, and then turned his attention to Harry. “What about you?”
had no idea where they were, maybe no one else would know, either.
But somehow, by some miracle, the Peacekeepers had missed.
“Because you
He couldn’t. Because, whatever they gave him, it wasn’t enough.
“And we’ll go there?” John asked, and Sherlock put his hand on John’s shoulder.
“Yeah?”
Everyone in the audience started shouting at once, all of them trying to make themselves heard above all others, as they gave their own opinions to John. It was a mess of noise, but somehow John was still able to pick out singular voices – cries of “HARRY!” and “SHERLOCK!”, all overlapping each other. Some people yelled more than just that, of course, but anything else they had to say was lost in the sea of shouting. Then someone started a Johnlock chant, and it spread throughout the crowd of Sherlock-supporters. It was maddening to listen to only for a second, but John couldn’t get them out of his head.
No one had inhabited the room in the last eight years, except for Mycroft, which meant that every surface in the room held the last physical pieces of his brother. The only other place that held any physical part of Mycroft was the coffin that had traveled all the way back to District 12 with them, and was currently getting buried next to their mother and father’s graves by people Sherlock did not know or care about, simply because he couldn’t bear to watch his brother vanish underground, never to resurface.
Ninety-two Peacekeepers.
John stepped back, suddenly wanting to get out of the hallway as quickly as possible. He crossed his arms over his chest, placing his fist defensively over his burn.
He didn’t
“No, we do –” Harry swore.
“Who are you?” Sherlock asked, his voice hoarse, ignoring the obvious dig at his addiction.
The first package – the larger of the two – was for Sherlock, and it contained a new jumpsuit and a medkit, along with a small note, the first sentence written in Mycroft’s neat Capitol-esque hand, and the second written in John’s nearly-illegible scrawl:
John didn’t need to look at Harry to know that she had stiffened behind him.
to die – he’d rather die than make this choice.
His eyes, trained on Sherlock’s –
John then felt a gentle hand on his shoulder, and he nearly jumped out of his skin, fearing that it was Charles Augustus Magnussen, come to try to corner him again. Once he spun around and found that it was one of the other tributes – a blonde girl in her twenties, the other tribute from District 1 – he relaxed a fraction.
“Of course. Good luck, Mycroft,” she signed, and Mycroft knew she was aware of the decision he had made, putting Plan B into effect.
– and suddenly his stomach felt like it had contracted. It made sense –
“Or you,” Sherlock pressed.
, recovering.
“How much did you know about the Mockingjay Alliance – sorry, the rebellion that Mycroft Holmes led?”
“Hey, John,” he said, pulling his shirt over his head. “How are you holding up? Do you need anything?”
“And we all knew how to work a casting net by the time we were seven,” Alexander added, and the others nodded in agreement. “Jesus – Dean – remember that one time –” Alexander started, but then the screen changed – Caesar Flickerman and Claudius Templesmith were on the screen, announcing Sherlock and Harry’s release from the hospital.
There was a slight trace of amusement behind Hannibal’s eyes as he studied Sherlock’s face, and he couldn’t help but remember the letter:
“Yes they can, Harriet. In fact, I just talked President Snow out of doing just that.”
“What are we looking at?” Mycroft asked Louise once they found her in the crowd of partiers.
John looked up at Mycroft from where they stood in the City Circle, trying to imagine a scene like the one Sherlock had described. Mycroft, not once looking away from the screen, as if trying to damn Sherlock for revealing the details of his post-traumatic stress to the world, had somehow noticed John looking at him.
It was all his fault –
Sherlock dashed to Archie’s side and was helping the boy up when he saw his sword beginning to be pulled back into the water – as if the artificial ocean the Capitol had created had a personal vendetta against it – against Sherlock –
“I only want to know what you’re willing to tell me, John,” Mycroft replied.
“No you don’t,” Sherlock whispered back. “You hate everything else.”
For a moment, he thought back to the Morphling he was provided with when he first left the Arena –
“Neither did I,” Sherlock replied. “The ones we have in District Twelve don't go as fast as the ones here do.”
And Harry was cut off by the sound of her brother crying out, seemingly in pain, in the distance.
“Looking for inconsistencies?” John asked, nodding to the manifesto once Sherlock looked up. “There are a lot of inconsistencies.”
SO. Would you guys want the first chapter of Constantly right now? Even if the second chapter may not come around until like?? Months later?
As soon as the audience realized what had happened, they all started screaming in terror.
“Over forty?” Sherlock asked, not bothering to ask permission from Dean.
Everyone watches the Hunger Games recap; Sherlock, Harry, and Mycroft attend the victory banquet; John has a question for Dean; Sherlock misses John.
Thankfully, the questions didn’t get much worse after Hannibal Lecter Magnussen’s, once John had taken thirty seconds to calm himself down. Because of the fact that John didn’t necessarily know most of the past victors, it was easy for him to just focus on the questions, and not the people asking them, at least for the most part.
Including this, which Sherlock could’ve very easily kept from John, Sherlock thought to himself as he reached one of the closest entryways to the park and waved down a taxi. When he was first making plans for the trip out, he considered catching a Capitol bus to deliver him where he needed to go, but then he thought of all the eyes of the other passengers, and he decided that the taxi would be much more private.
Light by the Dear Hunter (for Sherlock and Hamish, specifically)
“The Peacekeeper who – who killed him. We were able to identify him. He’s dead, of course – Alexander and John shot him, but if you were curious as to –”
“Of course not. She’s upset by his death, yes, but she saw you avenge him, she knows about how you took care of him, and she knows that he didn’t die alone and in fear. Frankly, I think she likes you more than she had going into this year’s Hunger Games,” he said, and Sherlock nodded.
“Thanks, Mrs. Hudson,” Harry replied, giving her a tight smile.
this – this feeling of helplessness.
Sherlock blinked.
“John,” Mycroft looked back at him, putting his hands on John’s shoulders. John reached up and gripped Mycroft’s wrists, trembling, crying, looking him in the eyes. “He does not. Own you. He never will, John. If he wins – the second he gets here – he’s going to die. I swear on my life, he will not touch you again.”
“I am so proud of you.” And then, a single beat later, his whole demeanor changed. “
HELP ME
at Snow – that wasn’t a plan! He wasn’t doing
Oceana Eriks, 38, District 4.
“I injected him with tracker jacker venom,” Mycroft explained before John could ask. “Just enough to put him out and through an intense high. We’ll be gone before he comes to, and when he does he won’t know his nightmares from the reality enough to accurately recall what happened. I just need to do one more thing before we leave, though,” he said, approaching the Peacekeeper with the keys to the handcuffs he wore in hand.
going to have to talk about it again,” Sherlock promised, whispering into his ear.
of these boys?!” he asked, gesturing to Sherlock and John behind him.
“But Sherlock,” John whispered, and Sherlock looked at him to find his face had paled – like he was afraid – “He knew. About everything.”
“Let him,” Sherlock ordered, his voice no louder than a whisper. “I’m sorry, Harry. Just...just let him.”
“Of course I did; it’s impossible for anyone to
Sherlock was too slow – too slow – Robert cut the nest down, and all Sherlock could do was yell out for Harry to run and swing his sword – Mycroft’s sword – to knock Robert down – right into the bulk of the swarm – right on top of the nest.
With all the stops the train had to make, the trip from the Capitol to District 12 that would’ve normally easily taken about twenty hours’ time took almost a whole day to complete. But John didn’t mind it, really – in fact, as they got closer to the District, John found himself growing more and more nervous. It wasn’t like he hadn’t made this trip before – he had made it this time last year, and over the winter six months ago – no, it wasn’t the trip itself that scared him.
“Do you remember when we were in school, and they told us this was the largest District?”
“Dropping it.”
you were hurting, and I
Once they reached the outside of the remake center, two Peackeepers led Sherlock and Harry inside of the building, but Mycroft gripped onto John’s shoulder to keep him from following them.
“Some of the Avoxes are janitors – they’ve been working on this since before everyone arrived for the Quell,” Alexander explained, pulling on the bricks more, and John discovered that he wasn’t just pulling out bricks – the Avoxes had broken down the wall to make a hole at about waist-level, just big enough for someone to crawl through, and then built a door out of bricks to cover the gap.
Hannibal breathed in deeply again, and Sherlock felt the urge to cover himself – cover any scent he was giving off – but he couldn’t.
was first published, though, Sherlock was right there alongside the rest of Panem, devouring each and every word. He loved it, however, there were corrections that Sherlock felt needed to be made, and, instead of bothering John about it, Sherlock marked it up with commentary and alterations, writing notes in the margins and crossing out lines as he saw fit. But then Sherlock found that, when Sherlock’s thoughts and memories were too much for him to handle, it helped to see himself through John’s eyes – through the eyes of someone who loved him unconditionally. He kept an unmarked copy of John’s book, so that he could read John’s opinions of him unobstructed by Sherlock’s thoughts of himself. This was why Sherlock requested and received two copies of
“And he asked you to be his
That sent Sherlock’s mind into motion – maybe if he
“You’re teaching me how to sign tonight,” Sherlock insisted.
After Mycroft, he didn’t want to lose anybody else, but especially not John.
“Where the hell did you get a
“Hm.” He closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose, and exhaled. Sherlock was still trying to figure out what he was doing when he opened his eyes and spoke. “I smell a dog, and wheat grain beneath that shaving lotion. It’s something a child would select, isn’t it? Is there a child in your life in District Nine, Mr. Holmes?”
“Fuck you –”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” he said, and immediately made a face, knowing something wasn’t right. Now he knew why Harry gave them her birth name, before. He fought to correct himself before he moved on. “Sh-Sherlock Holmes. District Twelve, and I partially won the Seventy-Fifth Hunger Games alongside Harry Watson,” he said, still reeling from the fact that he had immediately given them his full name, but thankful he had at least said Harry’s name the way she wanted it.
compassion,” Sherlock replied.
“Shit,” John muttered.
“I also...I also keep thinking that – that everyone back home wants me dead,” Sherlock admitted quietly, after a moment. “Because I’m a freak. And an asshole.”
Mycroft gives John a lesson in City Circle Partying 101; Sherlock gets his bearings in the Arena.
John’s hand found Mycroft’s, and squeezed it tightly.
Beginners by Slow Club
Sherlock stood up.
“Something happened today,” Sherlock said, and it wasn’t a question.
Mycroft nodded, and John could tell he wanted to voice that he also was a big supporter of the idea of sleep-snacking and laughed, and Mycroft failed to stifle the smile on his face and began chuckling too.
When he reached her, he found her looking past him, at the Cornucopia.
Sherlock's confidant, like he was Mycroft's - John and Harry are. It's clear that Dean does not know Sherlock, and definitely doesn't know Sherlock's limitations and boundaries.
He tore his eyes from the screen – from his own horrified face – and scanned the audience, as if he could actually tell the faces apart and find the person he was looking for.
But he needed the morphling too much.
be real –
Allemande by Keane
“And besides, some of the family that Hannibal lost was by his own volition, need I refresh
“I can’t, Sherlock, I’m sorry,” John tried, putting a comforting hand upon his back. He hated seeing Sherlock like this, reduced to a sobbing, shaking mess, but he had to.
“Well, it’s better than crying in public,” she said simply, wiping her eyes.
“I was never mad at you.”
Harry smiled, and then began to back away in the direction of her room, and Sherlock turned to John’s bedroom and put his hand on the doorknob. He was about to open the door, but then Harry spoke, and he looked up to see her head tilted to the side.
“I have half the mind to throw this shit across the room,” Harry Watson told her brother. She pointed at a bowl of oatmeal. “That especially. I’d love to see the kind of mess it would make.”
“It’s ok, Lou-Lou, don't cry –” he tried, and she smiled down at him, then looked up, glaring at Caesar.
“This is your favorite,” he said, realizing. The reason why he had rarely seen it was because Mycroft had kept it in his room; the only room of the house in which Sherlock wasn’t allowed.
“I – I’ll stop – I didn’t know it was keeping you up,” he stuttered, keeping his eyes locked on his brother’s, trying to stay guarded. Yes, Mycroft could read him like a book, but there were some things – some important things – that Mycroft didn’t see. He hoped that, as long as he didn’t act as if he had something to hide, Mycroft wouldn’t call his bluff.
“Nothing is sharp in this room,” she informed John, after a moment.
But John stepped forward, closing the distance between himself and his boyfriend and kissing Sherlock’s lips.
No, but he’ll be home soon.
“Sherlock asked me to marry him, almost a month ago, now, and I said yes. If someone had told me that I’d be saying that three years ago, I wouldn’t have believed them. But, then again, if anyone had told me anything about the things that were going to happen within the last few years, I’d think them insane.” Soft laughter and sounds of agreement trickled through the group, and John paused to let it pass before continuing. “But it happened – it all happened. Every bit of it. And Sherlock and I are getting married. And we decided that we would move out of District Twelve – we’re going to start over – as fresh as we can, given who we are – in District Nine. Everything’s already packed and already there, Harry’s already there; we’re taking the train in once we leave here, tonight. It’s not going to be a happily ever after for us, and we know that – we’re still going to struggle and the nightmares won’t ever really stop for good but...we’ll have each other. And really, to me, that’s all that matters.”
“John,” he whispered, cutting him off.
Finally.
And if John wasn’t absolutely dead set on voting against his continued freedom, he certainly was at that moment.
“So you’re afraid of elevators?” Harry asked.
After John came Harry.
“Because I was an orphan,” he mumbled, nothing more than an exhale of breath, and Dean nodded.
“For those of you who missed it, we just had a huge confrontation in Sector Three. Robert Frankland and Janine Hawkins just tried to ambush Harriet Watson, but William-Sherlock Holmes swooped in to the rescue. After getting stung a whopping
do anything. And he knew I couldn’t. He said he owned everything – owned
“Good morning, everyone, and, again, I personally thank you all for arriving here on such short notice, especially on the day of the memorial service for those who had lost their lives during the other night’s rebellion. I know that everyone is curious as to why I’ve asked for everyone to be here, and that answer will come to all of us very shortly.” Hannibal paused, and took a moment to survey the room, his eyes seeming to land on each face in front of him. “Although, looking around now, I feel that quite a few people here might have a sneaking suspicion as to what this could be about – or, at least, they have a hope.”
“I’ll check the stairwell, you check the roof,” he began. “And if you can’t find him there...” He took a shaky breath, not wanting to make his worries real by speaking the words, but knowing that he had to, just in case. “...you know this place better than I do. If he’s not on the roof...look anywhere there’s Morphling.”
Sherlock had given him the man’s name a couple times during his detox, begging John to go see him, to go get Sherlock what he needed, and of course John refused every time, but there was something about the most recent time he had asked that struck a chord with John. Sherlock had been in the middle of a nasty bout of vomiting, his head halfway into the toilet, when he started begging.
“But Mycroft did make sure to give you a piece of cake,” Alexander went on, pointing at the piece of red velvet cake on his plate.
“So he knew?” Sherlock asked, panic slowly rising within him. “That he was going to die?” If he did know,
And even John – John Watson –
Sherlock crossed his arms and glanced away, glaring at a corner of his floor. Crossing his arms, Sherlock glanced away, glaring instead at a corner of his floor. It was as if Mycroft didn’t know that that was what Sherlock had been
how smart I am – he
. He didn’t want to do that to John.
“And Julia?” John asked, turning to Alexander.
because of
“Please, take your time,” Antonia said. “Have a drink with Snow or something. Or, you know. Don’t.”
John looked down at Sherlock and smiled, and Sherlock, eyes tearing, smiled back at John, as the small group around them – less than twenty-five people, in all – started to applaud; slowly at first, and then everyone was clapping around them – for the both of them. Sherlock and John looked down at their hands, holding onto the other’s, not for dear life, but for support, and they both knew what the other was thinking: even though this was the smallest round of applause they had ever received, it certainly was the one they would never forget; for this was the first round of applause that they truly felt like they had earned. Still smiling, they brought their heads together, leaning their foreheads upon the other’s and took just a moment to allow themselves to soak it in. Then, John kissed Sherlock – just a peck on the lips, and for the first time since Sherlock had returned from the Arena, it felt almost as natural as breathing, just like it used to be.
Holland Road by Mumford and Sons (for John)
The cannibal nodded. “Should I be calling you Mr. Holmes or Mr. Watson, then?”
interested in personal privacy, which he never was before because, well, I’m me, and according to Mycroft I have no idea what a sense of privacy even
been blunt – he was basically blunt about everything that Sherlock could think of – his earliest memory was of his brother telling him that knowledge was the only important thing in this life – why hadn’t he been brutally honest about this?
And then John heard what the crowd was cheering, their voices unified in shouts so loud that John’s ears began to hurt:
“No?” Magnussen asked, raising an eyebrow.
Sector Seven: The Traps.
“Yeah. I’m good.”
Then they made their decent.
The New Year - Death Cab For Cutie
He also had a faint memory of dancing back then, too – specifically, John and Sherlock had dared Harry to –
loss would do to
It took a second for John to think about it, but realized that Harry had summed it up nicely.
He was trying to saw down a branch that contained a tracker jacker nest – in just a few moments, it would come spiraling down to the girls below –
“There you are,” he said causally, as if he wasn’t holding Harry by her hair and had a knife at her throat. “William Holmes.”
“I think he was just bored, trying to avoid living out the rest of his sentence. Life in prison ends with death and all that…” the guard trailed off as Sherlock nodded. “He’s asked for you and Mr. Watson, on a few occasions.”
Finally, Sherlock closed the distance between them, and pulled John into his arms. It was there that John finally allowed himself to cry.
“Sherlock...” John heard Mycroft whisper from beside him, almost as if he wanted to reprimand him for going after the sword. They watched as Sherlock ran back over to Archie, swung the boy onto his back again, and, checking one more time for Harry Watson, sprinted off.
“If…” Sherlock started, but then stopped himself when he realized what he was about to say:
Next To Me by Civil Twilight (for the proposal)
Once he could breathe again, he reached for the bar of soap, not really feeling like doing anything, but finding excuses to remain in the tub, and began scrubbing at his red, raw skin.
This was fine.
But this, John was realizing, was an entirely different playing field. After the Hunger Games, everything was.
WELL, I'VE ALSO BEEN ADDING CHAPTER TITLES TO THE CONSTANTLY I HAVE WRITTEN.
“Oh, don’t sulk, Sherlock! You’re the one that asked! And I’m here with
“I remember you,” he muttered in lieu of a response, but then corrected himself. “Sorry – hi.”
Sherlock could then feel Harry’s eyes on him as he laid on the couch, still staring off into the distance, his hands together in front of his face.
above all the other noise. He was just as surprised that President Snow didn’t say anything about it – all he did was welcome the tributes and act as if it were any other Quarter Quell – any other Hunger Games. But Mycroft wasn’t going to act this way, and Sherlock knew that.
If Hannibal was going to say what John thought he was going to say, why would he say it
“Right,” Sherlock said, taking another scoop of ice cream. “So...whose idea was this? Surely not Mrs. Hudson’s.”
“Yeah,” John agreed, lying back as well, not touching Sherlock. “They’re all stupid; this whole thing is stupid.” After a moment, he rolled on his side to look at him. “So when we find this place...we’re going to have to make aliases for ourselves...”
“Mm-croft?” Sherlock asked, his voice drowsy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mr. and Mrs. Watson, who had taken care of Sherlock when Mycroft couldn’t, who he felt like he owed everything he could offer to, who would’ve treated him as their third son if only he had let them.
“Just stand here and pout,” Sherlock replied. “If you can cry on demand, now would be a good time to do so.”
HAVE FUN, KIDDOS!
At about three in the morning, John gave up on tossing and turning and decided to go out onto the roof and watch the post-Games celebration from above, but when he passed Mycroft’s office he noticed that Mycroft was also awake, sitting at his desk, filling out paperwork.
John Watson sat in the penthouse, watching the aftermath of the scene. The scene itself was full of blurred-out images, but he got the gist of it, and he too felt the need to vomit.
“Come on, Mycroft’s going to worry.”
He had noticed it as soon as he and Harry had gotten back to the penthouse – if it hadn’t been obvious by John’s bloodshot eyes and pale face, and the way Mycroft looked at him, it was definitely made obvious by the fact that John needed the support of his cane. As soon as he saw him, Sherlock was in concerned boyfriend mode – a state of mind he had very nearly perfected over the past year.
Mycroft nodded curtly, and together they approached the door. When he put the right key in the lock and opened the door, they were immediately met with the haunting, animalistic screams of the tortured.
“It’s alright,” he said to him, and John hoped that he wasn’t just imagining the double meaning – that it was alright for Mycroft to leave him behind, and it was alright that John had spoken out of turn. “Send someone for me when you get back, will you?” he asked, and John found himself nodding, disjointedly, almost as if he wasn’t in control of his body.
“I missed you,” he offered quietly.
As John came to a realization, he glanced at his sister to find that she, too, was having the same thought: without their parents here, or Mycroft, or the reminders of their favorite memories, there was nothing left for them in District 12.
the memorial?”
“Just taking a look at what I’m going to be missing out on,” Sherlock replied, closing the book.
Mycroft’s hand on John’s shoulder tightened, but otherwise gave no physical sign that he was angry.
He was the Ice Man’s brother. If Mycroft could do it, so could he.
(but honestly thank you so much for the names I appreciate you both very very much)
think that he meant so little to me?! He was everything to me! For a whole year, he was
Sherlock tried to quit, he really did. He did everything he could think of to stop, short of telling Harry and John – if he could help it, they would never find out – the disappointment in John’s eyes would be too much for him to bear.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you sure someone’s not going to find him like this?” John asked, “Off his tits on tracker jacker venom in his underwear?” As he spoke, he paced back and forth across the room, taking it in.
But he would. Of course, he would. John still had all of his family – Sherlock wasn’t going to be the one to break that. Mycroft could live without him –
“I dunno, that’s what Mrs. Hudson taught me,” Sherlock said. “I asked her this morning to show me a few steps; she was amazed at how fast I picked it up.”
“And these people here, they played the Game, and they lost. This part of the Memorial helps us remember who they were.” He pointed at a name toward the bottom of the list –
With Harry somewhat safe for the moment, Sherlock returned his attention to –
Fighting back tears, Sherlock’s mind – without Sherlock’s consent nor his okay – thought back to their last words to him – everyone’s last words to him:
Snapchat: saraherbie
And for a second, Sherlock could taste the metallic tang of Charles Augustus’ blood on his tongue, again.
A day later, Sherlock opened the creaky gate to the Victors’ Village in District 12 and closed it behind him, glancing around at the empty houses before him. Most of the Victors’ Villages were destroyed and new houses were built on top of the land, but District 12’s remained, and Sherlock knew exactly why. It was because he was still there. It was because of him.
“Um, no, I don’t know anything about that,” he called back. He never even thought he’d come face-to-face with a body of water, why would he even think about swimming?
“Hold on – Hold on –” Sherlock begged the child, and he wrapped his tiny arms even tighter around Sherlock’s neck.
“It’s – it’s probably deeper in the middle, but you could literally just walk in – what are you doing?” Sherlock asked, once he realized that John was taking off his shoes.
Wind him up, and watch him go...
if he would be kind enough to refuse Sherlock, if he went to him for morphling at any point in the future. He was going to be as kind as he possibly could be, only verbally threatening if he absolutely
She then turned her attention to her previously untouched butter knife.
go in for a hug at this point. Harry had oozed confidence as she asked her question to Hannibal, and she knew that he was watching her just as much as he was watching Sherlock – she wasn’t going to go crawling back to her brother and her brother’s boyfriend now and beg for them to hug her and hold all of her broken pieces of together – that would just prove to him that she was terrified of him.
“I’m sorry – Sherlock, I’m sorry – there’s nothing I could’ve done – Sherlock you have to quiet down – they’ll hear us –”
“I’m sorry I hurt you,” Sherlock whispered. “You and John. I wasn’t thinking –”
they began to shout, their voices ringing in Sherlock’s ears.
was that?” John hissed through gritted teeth as Sherlock sat down beside him.
He did not speak to her at first, but cried with her and held her, cursing the Capitol for doing this to them – to all of them.
“Terrible,” she muttered.
John was one of the people with, as Hannibal called it, a sneaking suspicion. John had a hope, as well, but he was still unsure.
“I’ll be fine.”
“Yes, but I can tell you right now that you won’t,” Mycroft said, dumping it out in a nearby trash can and turning back to Dean, placing his free hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I am truly sorry about Steven, and I promise that you will get time to mourn, but I’m asking you. Not now. Not like this,” he said with finality, holding up the empty cup between them.
“The Arena’s in sections based on our siblings’ Games – ah!”
– Sherlock saw it.
Kettering - The Antlers (for Sherlock and Mycroft)
John had no mentor, now.
“I don’t know why you’re this excited about it; we can do the same on a frozen pond,” he said.
That was, until one night in December, a few days after Mycroft’s birthday, when everyone’s routine changed.
John stiffened, looking up at the screen. This was it, the Careers were turning on each other, and Charles Augustus Magnussen was leading the way, pulling all the strings.
He could hear Mycroft in his head; as if he were standing right beside him, whispering in his ear:
He held onto Harry from the moment she hugged him, making sure their skin didn’t lose contact with the other’s on the way from the ground to the air – from the Arena to the hovercraft – from fear to relief. Sherlock kept his arm around Harry’s shoulder as a Peacekeeper donned in black descended from the hovercraft and ushered them to the ladder. They held each other’s hands as they ascended up the ladder, and they didn’t let go when they made it inside.
Erin Dargot, 51, District 1.
snapchat: saraherbie
"PERFECT! I tried really hard for this look. And when I say that I mean I didn't try at all. Now, where shall we go today?"
“No – I’m going to tell you everything.”
“You’re lucky you’re Mycroft’s brother.”
“I still can’t believe you
Even though it was midnight – Sherlock remembered it being after midnight – he could still see clearly; the Capitol kept lights shining in the City Circle all night. It was there that he saw people scattered everywhere, bleeding and hurt, all of whom were being saw to by Avoxes and other survivors that knew anything about how to heal wounds. There were also people covered in white sheets, and a small thought the back of Sherlock’s mind wondered if his brother’s body was also covered in a similar white sheet, by now.
for half of every summer, and you threaten less every time Mycroft tells you to put some clothes on!” John exclaimed, and Sherlock could feel his face grow flushed. “You don’t have to cover your eyes, Sherlock, I don’t care –”
And after Dean, everyone else – or at least, it felt like it, because that’s when Sherlock tuned out again. He couldn’t take another speech – another word hammering another nail on his brother’s coffin. So, while Louise and Antonia and Alexander read their eulogies for his brother, Sherlock brought his legs up in front of him, folded his arms onto his knees and buried his head into the space between his torso and his legs, resting his forehead on his arms.
“Yes?” John asked, urging him to continue his thought, reaching out and taking Sherlock’s hand in his.
“Yes – we can’t just leave him there, you know?”
They hadn’t done this since the announcement of the Quarter Quell’s twist.
Dean asked, incredulous.
Broad-Shouldered Beasts - Mumford and Sons
“We did?” Alexander asked – the first person to break the silence.
“Because, at the time, I thought everyone in District Four was a pirate,” Sherlock replied, and sighed. “Samarra can’t be avoided, now,” he went on quietly. “Death waits for us all.”
“Because I can feel it, now,” Sherlock replied. “I can feel it circling above our heads; it’s been there since the Quell’s twist was announced, but, as time gets closer...sometimes I can’t hear myself think over the wind in my ears.”
“I remember,” John replied, but shook her hand anyway. “But, um, not to be rude but, why are you here?”
“Do not pass him anything but soft paper,” the guard informed him as they went, and Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes.
Sherlock tried to imagine Mycroft Holmes, eighteen years old and secretly riddled with worry over what was to come, approaching Dean with his most private insecurities and asking for help, and it didn’t match up with his view of him at all. He was Mycroft Holmes – his brother, the person who constantly looked after him, the person who hated asking for and accepting help more than Sherlock did – there was no way he could have gone to Dean like that.
Even from feet away, seeing it – seeing
Nightmares of losing Sherlock had broken themselves into John’s dreaming, as of late, but really John wasn’t sure why he had been surprised the first time one had occurred. The idea of Sherlock’s loss occupied John’s every thought and feeling, and it was now extremely obvious that it was occupying Sherlock’s too, driving him mad with fright.
“Thank you, Mr. Watson –”
At that moment, the elevator doors opened to reveal Dean Bainbridge himself.
Sherlock had already done it.
“I know you do,” Sherlock replied. “I never said you were an idiot.”
“I’ll just be myself,” he decided, and John’s eyes widened in disbelief, aggravated by his stubbornness.
“Clover’s with Raz, and Alexander is with Nana,” she replied, glancing at Mycroft, but, although he heard her, he was focused on something else.
“That’s right. You were too young to be on your own, and Mycroft took advantage of that. He struck up a deal with Snow: as soon as you were old enough to be reaped into the Hunger Games, Mycroft would officially belong to the Capitol. That gave him two years to come up with a strategy – a way to make sure no one wanted him.”
Especially considering that, about two weeks ago, Sherlock had noticed a slight tremor in Hannibal’s hands – one that had gotten steadily worse between then and now. Now, Sherlock could tell he was struggling to make his words sound just as articulate as they used to be, too, but only someone who listened to Hannibal everyday – someone like Sherlock – could truly notice the difference on their own, so it couldn’t have been that bad. He looked Hannibal up and down as Hannibal turned off the stove and took out two plates from the cupboard, and noticed he was also having difficulty standing on his own two legs, as well.
His name was Sherlock Holmes. He was eighteen years old. He was in the Capitol, in his room in the penthouse. It was ten o’seven in the morning. Mycroft Holmes had died fourteen hours, two minutes, and thirty-eight seconds ago.
your little soldier face; trying to stay strong. To tell you the truth, though, I’d like to punch it. And I will, of course – loads of times. But for now, I’ll do this –”
He then let Sherlock go, but Sherlock held on. Mycroft looked to Alexander Waters. “Take him. Go. For the love of everything that we’ve done here today, go.”
"Now?!" Mr. Brenton quailed, getting up from his seat.
: Fairer and Fouler
John's eyes were round and fixed on the glinting point of the needle as it approached the skin of his arm.
Sherlock was silent for so long that John thought he had fallen asleep. It was just when John was settling both of Sherlock's hands back on the bedclothes that he heard a soft, "Thank you."
"Stop it," John insisted in a disbelieving, breathy voice. He repeated himself more firmly. "Just stop it, Sherlock. You don't get to do this, not now. Stop it."
"What?!" John spat, his lips pulled back, contorting his face into a furious grimace.
John watched his fingers shake in his lap as he struggled to mentally reconcile himself to what he had learned. Sherlock was...well, that was the question, wasn't it? Seeing the potential for such an impossible dream to come true left John paralyzed with the fear that it would be snatched away again. He couldn't bear that. Not that, not ever. He would lose his mind...not that he was doing the best job of hanging onto it at present.
Sherlock chuckled softly. "It's a long story, but you might have heard something like it before."
Sherlock shrugged. "Assistant, associate, something like that. Your sister will get the treatment you want her to have, I'll get more interesting cases,
had recognized the real significance of that moment; he should have seen both their feelings and acted then, instead of being willfully blind and causing even more pain.
"We're
The lobby was a soft grey with elegant furnishings and the reception desk held two small displays of purple and white orchids. The receptionist, who's nametag declared her to be "Rebecca" glanced up at they entered and smiled. "Greetings gentleman. How can I help you today?"
"You're a good big brother," James murmured, leaning back against the sofa.
"Oh?" John asked, intrigued. Mary was a seasoned nurse and not many things shook her or surprised her.
Regret? He already did. But, even if he had it to do all over again, Sherlock wasn't sure he'd choose any differently. His love for John wouldn't change him, hadn't changed him. John had adapted to fit very neatly into Sherlock's world for a time, but not without a cost.
John was also probably calling Lestrade, whom Sherlock had texted just after they found the kennels. Sherlock could have overpowered Mr. Werner and been done with it, but given that Lestrade and backup were likely to arrive in the next thirty seconds, it would probably be best
Her dark brown eyes widened dramatically and her mouth fell open slightly.
But John was gone now. It was better this way. Sherlock had gotten to used to his presence if the rent, the tea, and the state of the floor were anything to go by. He didn't need John's reminders to be polite, or his tea, his gun, his help, none of it. It was better this way...
There was another cry of, "Clear!" and another shock was administered.  John watched his young patient's back bow and strain in response.
When Lestrade's daily call finally did come, Sherlock very nearly missed it.
"Right, whatever case you started working at the Royal Opera House. How's that going? All wrapped up or was that one a flop too?"
like nothing he'd ever felt before. He'd rather be shot again...
: Precarious
"J-Jesus Sherlock, God," John breathed, leaning over him slightly, his hands restless in Sherlock's grip. "You-you don't have to-"
: Unexpected
"That can wait until Monday," Mary advised.
"I want you to test them." John repeated. "Specifically, I want you to test the bottles that should have held Narcan, to see if anything is off, and if it matches what's in the syringes."
John relaxed a bit and nodded. "I know, I was just thinking."
where the kettle is?"
Sherlock eyed him thoughtfully. "You really did come here to avoid a scandal. The money she wants will hardly break your bank, but the thought of her becoming a leech, and the thought of trying to come out with the truth galls your sense of dignity." He sneered the last word, making it plain that dignity was the last thing he thought his client capable of. "But you still haven't told me how I can help you. Plenty of persons have claimed to be related to nobility over the years, and even the ones that were telling the truth were hardly believed. This threat should be a rumor beneath your notice. Why would
"What?!" John was sure if he should be indignant or amused.
John shook his head and rushed forward once more, wrenching the gun from the taller man's hands. "What
to prove a point about one of his most recent cases."
come to an amateur, your highness."
The concern etched on Wiggins face brought Sherlock up short. Wiggins could act almost as well as Sherlock himself, it was one of the things that helped him survive sleeping rough, but this didn't seem feigned. Wiggins actually reached forward and placed a hand on his knee. "I'll keep an eye on the pressure cooker for you." His voice thick with confusion and compassion.
John wasn't sure what to think of that. It reminded him of Sherlock and Mycroft both at their most dismissive. Most of their lives were spent focusing on the weakness and the darkness that could dwell inside the human heart. John had seen a great deal of pain and broken lives in his own career. He'd seen people who felt entitled to love, and anything else they could get their hands on. ...There was also those who firmly believed that they could not be loved, and for all the wrong reasons.
John's expression grew cold and stony. He spoke in a measured, but clipped tone. "Is this
"You're going to catch her coming into the building," Sherlock drawled in his deep baritone. "She won't be changed for dancing before the smoke bombs detonate, so slipping this into her pocket should be more than sufficient."
chemistry lessons. They aren't old enough to handle Bunsen burners, much less explosive chemicals."
John paused. He didn't think he'd
"Buy me dinner first," Sherlock drawled. He might have been making a joke, but John was having none of it.
John studied Sherlock for a long moment before nodding softly to himself, and leaning forward to cement their kiss once more.
For Harry's sake, and the potential wrath such an action could invoke from his 'employer', John hadn't actually turned off his phone, just everything but that. He hadn't returned to 221B after leaving Sherlock in the cafe across from the theater. Instead he'd picked up his mail from his PO box (He had picked one up after his first few letters had arrived, because he like to maintain the illusion of privacy, especially when it came to his sister's letters, regardless of his certainty that nothing in 221 B escaped Sherlock's thorough inspection) and called James.
"I am an ex-army doctor, a captain, invalided home from her Majesty's service after I was shot, I am not out of my depth when confronted with difficult or tragic situations," as he spoke, John continued to advance on the other man until he had him literally backed into the far corner of the room. He pointed emphatically at the patient behind them. "She is not my sister, but my sister is here, somewhere, and you are going to help me find her. Understood?"
The intensity of his own scowl was starting to give him a headache, and he flopped dramatically into his chair, head lolling. He had just started to review his mind palace, wondering if he had a firearm of his own (John had taken his with him) when something glinting by the fireplace caught his attention. Making the monumental effort to turn his head, Sherlock's eyes locked on John's old cane. It had gathered dust and a few cobwebs over the years, but neither of them had ever thrown it out.
The world's only consulting detective arched an eyebrow and stared at him until John frowned and asked, "What?"
Sherlock fought the urge to grind his teeth. She'd been reading Jane Austin novels again. "No one has ever died from a lack of
The ghost of a smile danced across John's lips. "What is an alpha's strongest instinct?"
"Jesus, you're cold!"
"No," John admitted, somewhat sheepishly.
Sherlock paused for a moment and although Molly worked her jaw slightly no words came out, only a small strangled sound.
John reached for Sherlock's hand and brought it to his lips, kissing Sherlock's fingers. "Yeah, well, I intend to take my time. Do things properly." Sherlock nodded and pulled John in for a desperate, open mouthed kiss.
Rebecca nodded. "That's right. The compartments aren't large, but if you have any items that won't fit, we can tag them and store them in our larger vault.
Sherlock hardly needed an excuse to show off. "Well," he began, clapping his hands together in front of his face as he had done before. "I knew there had been no suicide by the description of the body and the shotgun alone. No matter how far you had been able to hold the gun away from your face, given the power of the gun, you would still have blown your skull, and everything in it, to pieces. The fact that the head remained, more or less, on the body, indicated a close range shot, with the muzzle approximately three feet away from the face. It couldn't be
time...
"I was about to leave this for you," Mycroft said, brandishing a legal sized envelope with the letter "J" emblazoned on the front in fancy script, "but then I heard you coming up the stairs."
"You shared with her about your past addictions?" John asked, glancing at the letter.
It didn't matter to Sherlock that he was ridding the world, or at least the local government of a greedy, over-reaching rat of a man. There would be others to replace him. The only things that really mattered were the facts, the game, and who came out on top. Sherlock had devoted his entire adult life to the game, and his invented craft as a consulting detective; there wasn't a person alive who could beat him.
He maneuvered into the kitchen and walked to the far corner before he set all but one of his boxes down on the counter. Most of the delivery people were bent over their boxes, setting them down, flirting with the kitchen staff, or helping set the food items away. They were just distracted enough to 'see' Sherlock without really observing him.
John's eyebrow twitched at Sherlock's flawless act. It just wasn't right. Someone so bitter and twisted shouldn't also be so brilliant about everything. So far, John had only seen Sherlock use his gifted mind to resolve cases and, even if he didn't quite intend it, stop trouble. What would London, or the world at large be in store for if he ever decided to
John looked up, surprised. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but John had no doubt that he had spoken. It was the first time he could remember the world's only consulting detective thanking anyone for anything.
John shook his head stubbornly, and kept moving. "Not going to happen."
Sherlock shrugged and returned his gaze to his own computer, seeking to put an end to their current standoff. It was wasting time. "Background check."
Mr. Miller flushed, but refused to give ground. "I already told you, we're best friends."
If he was being honest with himself, some peace, quiet, and normality sounded like exactly what he needed. "Do you still travel?" John asked, finishing off his salmon.
Petia twisted the ring on his left hand self-consciously. "My wedding ring has never left my hand. I did not think it would matter if I kept it."
John paled. "No. None. Absolutely not."
Sherlock nodded and pointedly withdrew his hands. "Mrs. Wallingford, I presume?" It wasn't a presumption, really. Her clothing was expensive but poorly styled. Her hair was utterly untamed, and an elegantly cut diamond of at least two carats in a platinum band rested prominently on her left hand. Her body was still slim, and the way she walked broadcasted her history as an athlete, most likely a sprinter. She made an effort to smooth her clothing once her hands were free, demonstrating some concern for her physical appearance.
"Mr. Wallingford has always been very dedicated to the company. His father ran it before him, and his father before that."
worth it.
John stiffened, then and nodded, sitting up straight so that he could scan the street signs and track their progress. Beside him, Sherlock was smirking, but John didn't care. Let the bastard be amused, this was not about a contest of wills now, or a case, this was about a life.
Marcus was positioning himself over John's erection again when John started to protest, "But-"
John thought about Alexander's situation and swallowed. What could he say about that? What do you say to someone who, even if they do come back might not have the welcome back they wanted. What if he'd been married, and his wife moved on? Would his friends feel lied to? Would he be trusted back at work? Would there even be a space for him? So much of what came to mind sounded petty, empty, and flat.
John stretched languidly, wriggled his toes, and yawned. He couldn't remember the last time he'd slept so deeply. Her ran a hand over his face and fought the urge to grin. He needed to spend the night away from Sherlock more often.
"I understand that tempers are running high at this delicate time, Mrs. Wallingford," Sherlock soothed. It was tedious placating the family, but wealthy and powerful families had many secrets and they were used to keeping them. His best chance to gain ground was to keep them amiable. Having Bryan angry with him was advantageous because it kept him off-balance, but if they were all angered or felt threatened it would cost him time he didn't have.
Again John's would-be opinion drifted through his mind:
brought John to a standstill.
John grimaced and nodded. "That's what I get for going to war, I suppose."
No one looked at the homeless, no one acknowledged them. They were utterly invisible, which made them the perfect informants. For many years Sherlock had utilized a homeless network, otherwise known as the Baker Street Irregulars, to assist him in his cases. He was discreet, to the point, always paid what he offered, and so he was trusted. They were more reliable than any other workforce Sherlock had encountered. They weren't all decent people, but the majority were, and their circumstances taught them to observe what most people simply ignored.
If he had never met John this wouldn't even be a decision, but John made him wonder... Sherlock had tried to deny the depth of connection he felt with John, but it had been there before he'd first insisted he was married to his work.
, lurking in the center of the criminal underworld. He had his finger on the pulse and flow of London, and much of the world beyond it . The world's only consulting detective sole remaining purpose in life was to dethrone his unknown rival from their position of power.
It wouldn't be long now, one way or the other. He'd only just lengthened his agreement with John, but he had been expecting that. He hadn't originally expected that John and his final case may intersect, but now that he was stirring up trouble he'd have to send John out to investigate some of the lesser cases. He'd done that in the past, when he couldn't be bothered to go in person. John wasn't completely hopeless, and…it wouldn't be fair for him to get caught in the crossfire…
The kitchen, apparently, was to be the stage for all his major life changes this year. Three months ago, when he'd been looking at his suppressants scattered across the table, he thought he was facing an impossible crossroads, and now…
On his first night at 221B he'd had a lengthy nightmare about wandering dark, dusty halls filled with cobwebs. The flat wasn't big enough for 'wandering' but trying to make it halfway livable certainly felt like an endless journey.
wrong with the person who occupied it, and they needed proof.
Sherlock tugged open the door and stepped outside the morgue, making his way to the street outside, equally as perplexed by his own actions as the woman he had just left. He didn't waste his time on niceties, he never had. All the lecturing in the world hadn't altered his behavior before…
"Sherlock," John said, his tone low and warning.
As one they threw back their drinks, then bit into their respective lemons. John hummed appreciatively as he set the shot glass down. "I didn't' believe you, but you're right. It tastes just like cake."
human could understand."
John couldn't say exactly why, but he knew that there was something dangerous here... Well, he'd never walked away from danger in his life, why start now? John opened his eyes, placed Alexander's letter reverently on his desk, and made more tea.
The syringe had definitely had something
Bright winter sunlight peeked around the edges of Sherlock's curtains and dappled his bedroom. John sighed and stretched, reviling in the wonderful warmth of the room. It wasn't hot by any means, just comfortably warm. John realized, as he stretched, that the flannel sheets and blankets-there were a surprising number of blankets-had fallen to his waist, and his pillow was breathing.
A few moments later, they finished, both of their bows sliding to a stop over their strings. John lifted his hands and gave them both a quiet round of applause. Nikki jumped, but Sherlock only turned and smiled at him. Naturally, Sherlock had deduced when John had arrived.
Mrs. Hudson chuckled softly, tilting the nose of the watering can towards the soil. It wasn't much water, the roses hardly needed it living in London, but there was a strong plant food mixed in that her roses desperately needed. "I can just imagine."
"When you have news," John said purposefully, "You call me."
Mr. Murphy stood for a moment watching Sherlock, the silence stretching thin. Finally he moved around to peer over Sherlock's shoulder, and he gaped. "How-?!"
They didn't need to wait long.
need any help making insinuations about the
Sherlock shook his head. "I've got work to do. It will only take a minute to stitch this up. I've got a lead now, I need to follow it."
John glanced back at him for a moment, nodded slowly, and shifted so his gun rested in his jacket pocket. It was still technically "away" but well within reach if needed. "I'm going with him," John ordered.
Sherlock did pause then, to glare meaningfully over his shoulder at his blogger. "Once again, John, you miss everything of importance. Mr. Dwight fell victim to a much more common temptation." Without looking back at the computer, Sherlock opened the file he had just come to, and pictures of a half dressed teenaged girl filled the screen. They weren't blatantly erotic. She was dressing, or using the facilities, or even examining herself in the mirror of the bathroom downstairs. "Mr. Dwight is sexually fixated on his babysitter," Sherlock concluded with triumph. "Given these pictures, it's very likely that she's still a minor. It could have been Mr. Dwight's illegal activities that caused the fight with Mrs. Dwight, but given that Mr. Dwight is also legitimately involved in the shipping business, and these files were buried much deeper, I'm guessing she stumbled across them and had be silenced."
"You are
Sherlock looked up and frowned at John, who was leaning against the doorway to the kitchen.
"Sean's father. We inherited a king's ransom in wine when he died. He was especially fond of Pinot. I could have a bottle of wine with dinner every night for the rest of my life, and I don't think I would exhaust his supply."
was he going to get his sister to agree to treatment? She kept saying she was sick to death of the entire United Kingdom. It was true enough that a change of scene might do her some powerful good, but
for bailing me out a few days ago. I really didn't relish the idea of paying for those supplies myself." He and James had met, as planned, at a small Italian restaurant. They had ended up meeting for dinner instead of lunch; things had been too busy at the morgue for James to get away before the end of the day. The weather was so mild, for once, that some tables had been placed outside.
!" John had turned back around then and tromped the rest of the way to the loo.
The gentleman before them smiled gratefully, and took a seat in front of the two chairs by the fireplace.
Part of John wanted to crumple the paper up and hurl it into the fire. But there was another part, the ex-soldier part that knew what it was like to be far from home... And this poor sod probably didn't even have so much as a platoon to keep him company.
Greg smiled and nodded. "Definitely." Then he looked around at the scene before them and sighed. "How about tonight, around five? It'll take me about that long to clean up the mess he's left. You go catch up on your sleep."
must have observed that he is sleeping with her." Sherlock finally turned his eyes towards Molly, his stare lingering as it moved up her body. "I rather think he would like to add you to his conquests."
Sherlock nodded sharply. "'Harry Watson,' clearly a family member who has given you his old phone. At least I thought Harry was a he. It was foolish of me not to see the big brother complex you had written all over your face." Sherlock shrugged and gestured back towards John's phone, which was still resting in the breast pocket of his shirt. "It wouldn't belong to your father, this is a young man's gadget. It could be your cousin, but being that desperate for money it was unlikely you had an extended family; certainly not one you're close to. That says sibling. I assumed brother because of the name. Now Clara. Three X's implies a romantic relationship. The price of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She's given this to him recently, this model's only six months old. So, it's a marriage in trouble then. Six months on and he's just given it away? If she'd left him he'd have kept the phone, probably. People do, sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave it to you, which says he wants you to stay in touch. You're looking for money, but you can't ask your brother for help, that says you've got problems with him. Probably you didn't like his drinking."
Sherlock merely rolled his eyes and hailed a cab.
A week later Sherlock had been summoned to the ungodly press conference. Apparently Mycroft's team had partnered with Mr. Wallingford's family, and they were now investing the vast majority of their family wealth, the one thing Mr. Wallingford had refused to touch, in the company to shore it up. It would require them to sell their townhouse and transition to working class lifestyle for many years. That's why the press conference. To announce the companies failings, and the family's attempt to take personal responsibility for Mr. Wallingford's actions which resulted in said failings. Mycroft was trying to sell this company to the middle class as some sort of prodigal son, and help recruit more business. The company would undoubtedly lose some of its wealthier clients, but Mycroft probably hoped to delay that, or reduce the amount of clients lost with this press conference.
He turned around with the intention of making himself a warm cup of tea and heading to bed when the site of Sherlock crumpled in his chair stopped him dead in his tracks.
? No. Impossible. Ridiculous. There was nothing to be jealous of. He was just adjusting to the bizarre turn his life had taken. "He's still the same old, Sherlock, James. He's just...I don't know. I guess he's grown on me or something." John fought the urge to smile fondly, that would not help him accomplish his purpose.
"You think this is all about a case?" Mary asked calmly, too calmly for John's liking.
"And what about this man can help me?" John asked, confused, and more than a little apprehensive.
John pictured Sherlock, summoned a clear image of his height, his pale skin, his wiry body, his dark curls, his sharp cheek bones, and his stunning blue eyes... John imagined Sherlock stepping into the flat, the wood creaking under his weight as he tugged at his familiar scarf. A sharp intake of breath overtook John as long buried emotions swelled within him. Joy...pain...so much joy.
Love can be more dangerous than a bullet through the heart and it can make a difference when nothing else will.  Deliverance or demise depends on the hearts and minds of those involved.
John smiled as he asked her the price of two tickets, grateful that his patient had such good boundaries. He would have had to refuse entirely if Nikki had intended to ask him on a date. He had vowed to do no harm to his patients and dating any of them was off limits. Not that he hadn't treated Sherlock a number of times, but he had been friends with Sherlock first, and he wasn't really Sherlock's regular doctor.
Sherlock glowered and rose from his chair with a huff. "You're a tyrant," he sulked, pulling on his long Belstaff.
~*~*~*~
John looked over his shoulder at him and narrowed his eyes. "Right. I'm done trying to comfort you now." He stood, wrapped the blanket around him for warmth and grabbed himself a sandwich.
Sherlock offered a languid thumbs up, and John helped him maneuver until John was sitting on the sofa with Sherlock's head pillowed in his lap.
"Don't," John called out, raising his hands as he approached the snarling consulting detective. "You're only making it worse for yourself, Sherlock."
Harry laughed into the phone, and John could almost hear her nodding. "He did. A CD with some violin music on it. Not just classical stuff, some of my favorite songs! Is he there? You have to put me on with him if he's there!"
to see.
Nikki glanced down at her cast, then back up at John still smiling. She was almost glowing. "The bones are knitting well, hopefully I won't need surgery."
His blogger took a deep breath, and bent his head once more to review the documents in his hand. Sherlock could see the confusion and doubt warring on John's face until, suddenly, clarity dawned. John looked up, hesitant, and pointed to the papers in his hands. "There are some odd marks here, where the doctor noted the state of the newborn. It looks like they were about to mark them both as stillborn births. " He looked back at the papers once more before adding. "They were both born on the same day, to the same doctor. Maybe the stillborn shook him up and he was a bit sloppy in his documentation?"
"Because I love you?"
The ex-army doctor paled as he refocused on the letter, immediately tore it open, and pulled out a letter that was crinkled and stained with what John suspected where tears.
Mary smiled wryly and said, "It was something you needed to do, and you couldn't have kept me away after I knew what you were up to."
~*~*~*~
John blinked out of his temporary reverie. "I'm sorry, what?"
John considered this for a moment then said, "So you'll help Harry get into the Edelweiss Recovery Center, pay for all her treatment there, in exchange for me becoming your assistant?"
John's eyes searched his, and he smiled. "I was a goner for you the moment I saw you."
Mrs. Aster appeared to be a nervous patient who wanted to be on as few medications as possible. John couldn't blame her. A quick glance at her medical chart showed a history of acute lymphocytic leukemia in her childhood. She was in full remission now, and had been for many years, but the rapid onset had resulted in a healthy child suddenly being on a list of medications longer than her arm. While she had recovered from her cancer, Lucy had also had to contend with lifelong asthma. She hadn't done anything to exacerbate her condition. She didn't smoke, religiously took her medication, exercised, and ate right. She'd simply drawn the short straw in genetics.
"What is it?" James asked, halting in a circle of light cast by one of the parks many lamps.
John paused at the door, almost knocking before remembering, yet again, the keys that Mary had made for him. They'd been on his keychain since before the rental agreement was signed, and he still wasn't used to them.
Sherlock shrugged, "That too, and this looks like it's at least a six."
Mary, unflustered, lifted concealer from her purse with a triumphant smile. "That is, unless you want your patient's noticing that love bite."
"Listen, John, I wanted to ask you to dinner tonight." Mary looked calm but serious.
have complete control…"Hello John." His voice was soft, even to his own ears, but John didn't seem to be listening for a response. John stalked over to the chair clients normally used, forgoing the sofa. He didn't want to be comfortable; he wanted to be on edge. There was no trust in Sherlock anymore, only in his abilities.
He heard John's tread in the hallway moments before a pair of strong arms wrapped around his middle, and a familiar face pressed sleepily into his shoulder. "You're up early," John mumbled, then yawned.
"John," Sherlock murmured, turning his head to look into his doctor's eyes. His voice shook. "I'm sorry, John. I am so sorry."
John returned the smile. "Thank you; I think so too."
John liked milk in his tea. Or at least, he should know. John had made a point of complaining about the lack of milk often enough. That, apparently, was just the way Sherlock was. Thoughtless, selfish, and self-centered.
John swallowed again, feeling Marcus's lips brush his neck. The idea of being wanted, instead of endlessly pursuing something he could never have, tipped the balance. "Yes."
Sherlock sits in self-imposed suffering and the killer strikes again.
Mr. Brenton blanched, and the both tore after the world's only consulting detective.
Sherlock had flopped dramatically onto the sofa and, as usual, pretended to ignore Mycroft by pulling out his phone. This time, however, it wasn't just for show; he was sending a text to John.
to be spotted throttling the suspect.
Sherlock folded his hands in his lap, interlocking his fingers to minimize the shaking. He knew what he'd done to John, but it was different, and much more powerful to see the effects of his actions etched so strongly in John's features…
"Are you back in the medical field then?" Mike asked.
Although nine months of continuous testing had illuminated the unbelievable proof of Ms. Hooper's assertions, he had never actually expected to start feeling truly
John bit back a sharp reply, not wanting to make their guest anymore uncomfortable than he already appeared to be. He sat down in his chair with a pinched expression while Sherlock sat down in his own chair looking tediously bored.
"I'm glad you've got someone in your corner," John replied, gratified to see his patient so pleased and energetic. Attitude did a lot to affect recovery, and Nikki's seemed to be in remarkably good spirits.
"When you first met me, and that was longer ago than you realize, I was Irene Adler." He voice was sultry and bubbling over with amusement.
Mycroft stiffened as soon as John and Lestrade's footfalls could be detected, but before he could respond Sherlock was at the door, welcoming Lestrade into his flat.
"You're a man of science, Mr. Holmes. Have you completely dismissed the research on non-organic failure to thrive? Even if you have, there are now other ways to die from a broken heart."
There was a rumbling of agreement from the crowd around them as well as the other footballers. Lestrade held up his hands for silence, then spoke again, addressing the footballers first. "You lot, let him up. The police are here now, and we'll make sure the situation is resolved." They complied, albeit reluctantly. Dan stood, glaring at everyone around him and tediously, in Sherlock's opinion, trying to loom over anyone who got too close.
The Detective Inspector fixed Sherlock with a long hard look before gesturing pointedly to the door. "Out with you, then." As the taller man passed him, Lestrade grabbed him by the elbow for a moment and added, "Oh, and Sherlock, if I do have a reason to arrest you again, don't expect any help from me. I'll try to keep you here as long as I can."
A tall, solidly built man with dark brown eyes and graying brown hair emerged from the wall, straightened, and approached Ilia with outstretched hands. "There was nothing more to be done, my friend," he murmured soothingly, clasping both of Ilia's shoulders. "This deception was only meant to spare pain, not to give it. I cannot let you suffer in my place, you have done too much for me already." Ilia nodded grimly, grasping his friend's shoulders tightly for a moment, before relinquishing him to the outstretched arms of his wife.
It was the end of so many things, it should hardly be a surprise that it had been then end of his association with John. He'd had to do
John's mouth fell open in shock. That would certainly explain Sherlock's reticence. He'd probably gone there to observe her, but…, "How did you know she would be there?"
Mrs. Wallingford's eyes were large and round as she nodded at him. "Of course. Whatever you think will help."
opinion, or is it Mycroft's?"
"It's not always about money, surprisingly enough," Sherlock drawled. There is always someone in every village, city or town, who knows what you need to know, and will tell you without even thinking about it. You just need to know who to ask."
"Why do you know that?" John bit back the impulse to ask why it mattered. If the man really was misdiagnosed new meds would help, but that didn't explain why Sherlock was helping…
"Let's go, let's go!" Came Sherlock's impatient voice from the front door.
John shook himself out of his reverie as Mary walked back into the sitting room, having just cleaned her wine glass.
Thank you so much to everyone for your support and encouragement! I am so thrilled that this story picked up the following it did. While it is a little sad to see one project end, I always seem to have one or two more waiting in the wings. This marks a big transition for me, however, as I will be departing from the Sherlock Universe for a while.
to make arrangements for your heat. At most you have three weeks. I don't care if you use me, or a toy, but get a plan together."
"What I came for." He flashed John a grin, then straightened and dashed the rest of the way upstairs.
Sherlock swallowed again turning his head away from the emotions swirling in John's eyes. It was useless to pity him. What was the point? He had been a dead man from the moment Miss. Hooper's needle had first pierced his skin. He could never be a bleeding heart romantic, it just wasn't in him. But he had enough time to untangle this last big web, and that would be a fitting end...
James shifted uneasily, glancing at the branches overhead. "I would've called it possessive. It seems like he wants to keep you to himself."
to hear you out," Lauren insisted. Her volume was moderate, but her tone was steely. "I told you last time Toby was off limits to you. You don't care about him or the dangers you put him through. You deceived me into letting you barrow him in the first place. Never again. Especially not now. He's eleven, and even if you were a decent person, he's too old. If you're here to beg for Toby it means the police aren't cooperating. I'll be happy to watch them cart you away." Lauren shifted the cat to one arm and reached into her pocket for her phone.
"I'm sorry," Harry murmured, looking down at the floor. All this time, and she'd had no idea...
"Sit down, the sofa is just behind you," John grumbled.
Sherlock shook his head and fixed John with an expressed that looked fond, but was probably patronizing. "No need to worry, love." John knew Sherlock was careful enough not to get caught. He also knew that his brilliant flatmate might just decide to leave a trail anyway, if the confiscation of John's computer wouldn't also inconvenience him. John wished that Sherlock couldn't get under his skin so easily, especially since it was so hard to return his countless jabs.
alive."
is his wedding ring?"
He leaned back in his seat and squared his shoulders. First, though, he had to see his sister...
Eric nodded and wished him a good day, a sentiment John returned as he stepped out of Eric's office. The instant the door closed behind him, John felt a change in atmosphere. Nothing was different about the hallway, or the people walking through it, or even in the noises he could hear. But now he knew that Sherlock was waiting for him in the staff lounge, the game was on, and damn if he didn't feel an achingly familiar sense of anticipation. To hell with it. This would be his last case, at least if he had anything to say about it, there was no reason John couldn't enjoy it. One last time, and then it would all be over.
Everyone else was already at the church by the time John arrived, but that was alright. John knew he wasn't late; he just hadn't been able to make himself go early. This was going to be hard enough as was without adding more hours to it.
"He sent me this package, Johnny," Harry rushed to explain. "I just received it this morning. Here, wait, I have the letter on me." There was a brief pause filled with the sound of rustling paper, before Harry spoke again. "He sent me a small gift, too. The letter says:
Eventually John had realized that they were all right, and he'd stopped fighting the inevitable. It might have been different if he'd always been dragged away from the women he tried to connect with, but he'd left voluntarily plenty of times. The longer he stayed with Sherlock the more John's protests about being dragged away were from a sense of obligation than any real desire to stay.
Sherlock blinked. He hadn't even thought of Harry, but that would be best. John did love his sister. "Thank you."
John chuckled. He was used to not getting a hello when he called people, but Mary's question was much nicer than Sherlock's order to "Speak" or to ignore his call and start texting him.
"John!" Sherlock cried, rocking back into John's skillful fingers and mouth. A low growl reverberated over Sherlock's inner thighs, and the force of John's fingers became punishing, slamming into Sherlock's prostate with bruising force. Sherlock's strangled scream died in an unexpected, sloppy kiss.
to talk to Sherlock right now. He was angry…and confused. But Sherlock almost never called, so it had to be important. Hoping that Sherlock had found a lead, John forced himself to pick up at the last moment.
to apologize before...
"I like cooking for us," Mary insisted. She set the sauce aside on an unheated burner then bent to open the stove. When the Brussel sprouts were also set aside she turned and winked at him. "Anything to get out of doing the dishes afterwards."
For all the great expectations placed upon him, he almost hadn't achieved his birthright. It wasn't from a lack of commitment; no he'd earned his medical degree as soon as they would let him. He'd been full of such unrealistic hopes and dreams of making a difference, while also growing his father's business. It was those very idealistic plans that had motivated him through most of his younger years that sickened him now.
Nikki smiled and moved her bow around, flexing her muscles. "It's okay. It's not what it used to be, but I know it'll be stiff for a while."
Firstly, he wasn't exactly sure which side he was on. Obviously he was forced to work for Sherlock, but, having been so poor himself for so long, he could understand the lure of financial security...look what that same lure had driven him to do.
When he had first moved to London, he had entertained a steady enough stream of callers and well-wishers. Old friends from medical school, chaps he'd served with in the army, just the general acquaintances that a man of a certain age, station and disposition accumulated - they'd all come to call. True, he was past the stage of life when carousing with the lads had held any appeal, but he'd dutifully acceptef offers of dinners.
It was what one did, after all. It was all he knew how to do.
He chose his words with care. "There are many things I would have liked, my dearest Holmes. And then there are things that I love. There are so many people who cannot say the latter, even on Christmas. Being so blessed, I urge you not to concern yourself with the former." He took Holmes's hand, a bit of bravery in public but no one was watching them and it was Christmas after all. "I promise you, I do not."
"You would have liked that." Holmes voice was soft and oddly sad, a strange contrast with the joy of the night.
There had been more to all those dinner invitations than well-meaning friends enjoying a bit of ill-fated social engineering. There had been lives on offer to him that he had declined to live. Homes he'd refused to dwell in. And possibly children he would never father.
Sherlock Holmes was not a man who smiled easily or often, but he did in that moment. Watson added it to the list of things he was grateful for on this particular Christmas. And then he and Holmes continued on their way, alone together in the crowded streets and entirely contented with that.
And it seemed that she was greatly embarrassed by that. Lower lip wobbling, she tried to stammer out an apology and Watson felt his heart melting a little bit as he helped her back to her feet. Reassuring her that all was well, he dipped his fingers into the pocket of his coat and offered her a warm chestnut to show that no offense was taken.
Watson observed them for a pleasant moment before turning and preparing to walk on, but he sensed a hesitation in his companion. He glanced up to see Holmes regarding him with a most peculiar look in his eyes.
Something light and small collided with his legs and he glanced down to see a little girl sitting in the snow, blinking up at him in surprise. The sled she was pulling behind her was knocked on its side; it appeared that in her eagerness to reach a hill she had failed to watch where she was going and had run straight into Watson.
There were only so many times, Watson understood, that one could pass an evening in the company of someone's widowed sister-in-law or spinster niece and not make enquiries about the lady in the days that followed before the opportunities for those evenings evaporated. There were some who had tried three or four times to match him to a particular woman and others who had tried multiple ladies one after another like an odd and distinctly unmagical pantomime of Cinderella. Their determination had made a certain kind of sense; tolerable men of his age lacking a wife were rare enough creatures, and no doubt the better halves of his old friends had encouraged them to try as forcefully as possible. Over time however, slowly but surely, even men who had never heard of the concept of deductive reasoning had begun to realise that Watson would never make a brother-in-law to their own brides. And the more astute along them had perhaps even realised why.
Her huge eyes lit up. "Really? Thank you, mister! They're my favourites!" And charmed by the sweetness of that declaration and by extension the whole evening, Watson carefully pressed the whole bag into her hand just before she ran back to her family. He watched her for a bit as she excitedly divided her bounty between two even smaller children, eager little boys who  must have been her brothers.
Watson was puzzled. Yes, the chestnuts would have been good, but he was far from hungry and it was hardly as though it would be a challenge to find more on Christmas Eve should a craving overtake him. But then he followed Holmes's gaze back to the little girl. Her father picked her up.and placed her on his shoulders, gathering the sled under one arm, and Watson realised his beloved's true meaning.
Even if it hadn't rendered him useless in their designs, even if they genuinely liked Watson, there were some things that gentleman living in polite society simply could not be associated with.
It was true. He would have liked that.
It was astonishing liberating. No need for stiff collars, stiff conversations and stiff upper lips. With Sherlock Holmes, he could laugh in his nightshirt, slurp his tea, moan loudly in orgasm without shocking anyone with his enjoyment of what was meant to be a quietly necessary matter. He could relish a love that he had chosen because he desperately wanted it, not because it was what was expected of him. It was a freedom he never could have imagined before, and the emptiness of his social calendar did nothing at all to dim his enjoyment of it.
John saw the movement and slapped Sherlock's hand away, one of his own leaving it's mooring at Sherlock's hip to grasp his straining cock. "Mine!" John growled again, pumping his hand over the hot organ.
"Yes," Mr. Murphy sighed. "The market's not what it used to be, neither is the job market. Too many people are interested in slingshoting themselves up the ranks by hopping from company to company. They stay just long enough to do some good work, maybe get promoted, then they jump to a higher position in another company, taking everything they learned with them." He could hear Mr. Murphy shaking his head. "People aren't loyal like they used to be."
"Yes I did; you smiled." Setting the paper down on the table, John went to stand behind her, looking at the screen of his laptop over her shoulder. "Did you find a good one?"
?! The thought made him laugh.
Her eyebrows knotted together in thought. "Well, you know I've had trouble with Braxton Hicks contractions for a few months now…"
Sherlock, as usual, was undeterred. "John, turn the head a bit farther," he ordered.
"You're eyes soften a bit at the corners when you're looking at him, did you know that?" Mary continued, undeterred. "It's one of the most subtle tells I've ever seen, but given who you are, that's hardly surprising."
Thank you to all who have left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story!  You guys are awesome.  ^_^
John nodded even though Mary couldn't see him, and winced. Sherlock had lectured him every time he'd done this during a phone call.
"She's got as fair a chance as anyone," Sherlock conceded. "She hasn't exactly wiled away her time in treatment as so many others do."
"Those were the worst times. It was everything we could do to prevent Sherlock from smoking himself to oblivion or shooting holes in the walls to alleviate boredom."
"We've only shared a handful of cases together so far, so I don't have many examples to choose from. I wrote a story about our first one, and posted it on my blog; that's one of the main reasons we came to our...arrangement. He says there is a shortage of 'interesting' cases, and he's hoping the publicity will bring more clients. It's not like he appreciates the ones he has though. He gets letters in the post sometimes, and all the 'boring' cases, which is most of them, are nailed to the mantelpiece with a jackknife."
"What does being Russian have to do with any of this?" John asked, perplexed.
"Did you get the milk?" Sherlock asked, idly adjusting putting rosin on his bow.
"Touching."
"How is his security system going to help you?" John pressed, "And
As he came to the top of the stairs John saw Sherlock and Nikki standing side by side, playing together. Nikki's cast had come off recently, and she was building up the strength of her arm in the hopes of resuming her first chair responsibilities soon. Sherlock had resumed covering for her half the week, and Mycroft's replacement covered the other half. At the moment, John was selfishly grateful he'd have Sherlock to himself tonight.
Sherlock took a deep breath and tried again to rise, but it
John's eyebrows lifted. "You must be quite the cook."
John had stood there for a moment, mouth gaping before insisting once more, "
"Would you like to buy a flower for the lady?" she asked, as soon as she was close enough to be heard. She held her basket out slightly in front of her, showcasing the multicolored blooms within.
up close, just once. At first I thought Anna was being blackmailed or something, that maybe she was trying to keep away from me to protect me. The Yard wouldn't believe me, so I followed her, waited outside her house,
Sherlock nodded. "What time?"
Greg yanked Sherlock's arm up behind his back, whirling the taller man around to face him. "Oi! You can't go looking through a morgue any time you please!" His tone was exasperated and exhausted, like a parent who had had to repeat themselves too many times.
"Wait, John,
: Loyal
John sat up, making space for his host on the sofa, and gratefully accepting a mug of tea. "hmm, this is perfect."
Sherlock raised the pointer finger on the hand not covering his eyes and gestured meaningfully at the ceiling. "Improbable," he corrected.
John wiped his eyes, which had started to tear from his laughter, and, still chuckling, gently pressed the tips of his fingers against Sherlock's lips. "Stop, just stop."
Susan was leaning heavily on the wall now, halfway to her knees and breathing heavily. Before she could recover or Lestrade interject, Sherlock pressed on. "Is that why you never got a dog, Susan? Would Dan have beaten your dog too?"
." The silence had returned then, stretching into long, uncomfortable minutes before Sherlock had spoken again. "
John smiled and spread more lube over his fingers, before returning to Sherlock's entrance. John started gently, idly tracing the ring of muscle before an energetic thrust of Sherlock's hips caused John's finger to enter him.
all that?"
"Sherlock, we should take our own car," John insisted, "We can't all fit in the ambulance."
John's shoulders sagged in relief. He didn't much like the idea of just taking the supplies on his list, but he was between a rock and a hard place. "Thank you, really, you have no idea how much easier you've just made my night."
Ilia looked almost hostile, his face flushed with apparent anger. He stepped up beside Susan, and placed a protective arm over her shoulders. "I will thank you to be on your way,
John's jaw clenched and he nodded. "
Sherlock followed silently, only pausing to lift his arm and summon a cab once they reached the street. John sent Sherlock a fleeting smile before they both climbed in. They rode together in silence and when they arrived John was surprised to find Sherlock pulling out his wallet. They shared another look as he paid. Sherlock never paid for the cab, but then this wasn't a case…
Encouraged, John thrust harder, scissoring his fingers, and searching for Marcus's prostate. When Marcus leapt and moaned in his arms John knew he had found it. He pressed up, teasing the soft flesh until Marcus gasped his name.
"Hey," John murmured, kneeling beside her and turning the computer chair to face him, and taking his sister's hands in his. "What's the matter?" Harry shook her head and tried to evade the gaze of her brother, but he was persistent. "Tell me, Harry."
Mary chuckled softly, "It's not all that hard, really. Anyways I had to be, Sean was utterly hopeless in the kitchen." She glanced and John again and added, "I take it you're the same way?"
"I meant what I said when I told you I'm a stickler for consent. Well, consent and safety both, actually. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do."
Sherlock had skimmed the initial police report, so he knew that Margret Werner had been a house wife, but her garden would have told him that. Not only was it immaculately tended, but it was full of tiny details such as rocks painted and carved to look like animals, fairies, or gnomes. Sticks and old grape vines stretched and arranged to look like little doorways or houses. These touches were subtle, often under or to the side of a plant, which both made the scenes look more natural, and easier to hide.
agree to this so I could watch someone else destroy themselves!" He snapped his mouth shut and flung the door to their flat open, his entire body rigid with fury. It was bad enough that he'd had to watch, helplessly, as Harry had struggled for so many years.
John turned his attention back towards Sherlock, smoothing his thumbs over angular cheeks, trying to gauge from the pupils the likelihood of a concussion. "When we get back to Baker Street, so help me God, I am going to tie you to the bed." He'd meant to sound harsh, but his voice was still thick with emotion.
"Anything else?" Sherlock prompted, urging John to look more closely at the papers in his hands.
Nikki glanced down at the paper in her hands, grinning, and then looked back up at Sherlock. "I think I'll only bother them if there is a problem. Thank you, Mr. Holmes," she repeated. Her face grew more serious and she added, "Good luck with your case."
It was strange not to see Sherlock's phone listed among his immediate belongings. He was always typing on that damned thing... until he'd called John. A small sigh escaped the doctor's lips as he mentally jerked away from land mine of a memory. He was not going there, not today. He'd, quite truly, had enough of loss, even if he still had an unhealthy penchant for danger.
John nodded to himself, resolved, and stepped inside the pub. It was a nice place with a smooth wooden floor and a large stone fireplace. It had a crowd, but not a rough looking one, and John could smell food as well as alcohol in the air. John lifted himself onto a stool by the bar and ordered a stout. While he waited he helped himself to some of the nuts from a nearby bowl. He knew they couldn't be sanitary, but he couldn't quite bring himself to care.
"What brought you into medicine?" John asked, pausing to take a spoonful of his soup.
"Of course I can," Sherlock insisted, throwing his arm back over his eyes. His head had started pounding, and he knew from experience that the pressure would only get worse.
John leaned back in his seat and crossed his arms. "Sherlock is
The good doctor swallowed, licked his lips, and glanced down at his phone.
"I work well under pressure, I always have, and I like helping others. That's one of the reasons I joined the army, it seemed like the perfect mix."
He glanced over at Mary as they ate and fell into a companionable silence. The lights of the apartment were still dimmed in light of Mary's frequent migraines, but it was lighting she looked good in. He'd been so quick to reject the ever-present notion that he'd dated Sherlock that he hadn't really considered the new rumors which Mary had just revealed.
John nodded. "Granted, but it still feels like more is going on. Don't forget I've found you tied up in papers and notes and God knows what else more than once in the past few months. You normally only do that for cases, but none of those episodes seem connected to any cases we've been working. Normally I don't know all the details of our cases until the end, but this has been going on for so long that it must be a big case. If it's a big case and you haven't told me about it, it's because you don't want me to know." John slid his queen diagonally across the board, taking one of Sherlock's rooks. He didn't think for one second that he would get away with it, but there was a possibility he could put Sherlock in check soon. Maybe even check mate.
Tears stung John's closed eyes and his hands clenched reflexively over his letter, crinkling it, as if to hold this image of Sherlock in place and make it real... John opened his eyes with another sharp breath and his tears spilled onto the paper beneath him. John ran a shaky hand over his face, pressing his hand to his mouth to stop the small noises that threatened to escape. A hot, powerful feeling he knew, John
John came to awareness slowly, shifting when he felt the gentle brush of fingers along his bare back. He blinked, breathed deeply, then yawned.
A cruel smile spread open over the fingers Sherlock still held steepled, close to his face. "Simple. She is going to show us where they are."
Glancing back at the diamond John asked, "Where did you get that?"
"Yours!" Sherlock gasped, his hands straying down to his neglected erection.
...what now?
Sherlock's fingers curled into fists as he fought the urge to burrow into his coat. He knew the chill saturating his bones had little to do with the bitter winter winds of London, still he was at least gratified that his shivering wouldn't look out of place. Standing out was the last thing he needed right now.
been searching this room for more data, anything that would help me fill in the gaps when your wife provided a wealth of important information."
Greetings lovely readers!  Thank you very much to everyone who has left reviews, favorited, and/or followed this story!  I'm always glad to hear what people think.
Sherlock waived a hand dismissively behind himself. "Just a few moments; I haven't found the body I'm looking for…"
Molly shrugged. "It's against policy having you here in the first place."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Well you should be. Your concentration is appalling. How do you ever expect to improve if you can't even think about what you're doing?"
"I try," John replied, dismissively. He was the younger brother, actually, but he was often mistaken for being older, since he was always taking care of Harry.
sleep, we are both working tomorrow."
James chuckled, low in his throat and leaned forward. "Of you keeping my suggestions in mind for the future," he replied. James's breath ghosted over his face and John closed his eyes, knowing he was about to be kissed.
"Errands?" Sherlock asked haltingly.
a possible suspect; the spouse always is. She's understandably upset, and a good friend of the family, who was visiting, has decided to stay and help support her."
to hold his body for
John studied Mary for a moment, considering. She seemed sad and resolute and happy all at the same time. The loss had obviously been devastating, she was still wearing an immaculate wedding ring, but it didn't appear that she'd stopped living her life, either. She'd always been a friendly face at the surgery, and a skilled nurse, calm under pressure. He was curious about her husband, but it seemed rude to ask more. He didn't want to broach any painful topics, he had several of his own he was keen on avoiding. Instead he asked, "So, what's for dinner?"
Sherlock seemed to calm slightly when they finally reached the car. Lestrade and Donovan helped John and Sherlock into the backseat. "You really should bring him to the Yard," Donovan said, eyeing Sherlock warily. "He's only going to find some way to cause trouble if you leave him there."
I posted chapters of "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling," very regularly, so I hope you will believe me when I say I am a very organized person. It took me six months to unpack, and the lawn is still not mowed. _ (Yes the grass is chest high. Hopefully that will change soon.)
What would that be like? To know that those people who you cared about most thought you were dead... John didn't have it in him to leave someone like that so alone.
." He threw an arm across his face as though to shield himself from the monotony.
Sherlock passed John the obituaries and he read silently, his face paling at the realization. "Fuck, Sherlock, these last two were
Mr. Brenton hunched his shoulder's slightly, but pressed on. "I checked on Daniel and my wife, and all was well. I kept telling myself I was being silly, reading into things that weren't really there, but I just couldn't get the image of Camilla walking my halls with bloodstained hands out of my head.
slept with men before. As long as his partner was healthy and happy, John wasn't particularly attached to which body parts they happened to have. He wasn't in any state to consider a relationship either, for different reasons, but one night
, shows how little William cares about collateral damage. Goodness knows how many other people may have died because of bad medication." Sherlock looked back at the strange apparatus before him. "I don't know how long he's had this going. Everyone in the building could already be dead, and he's probably paranoid enough by now that he'd rigged this with some sort of self-destruct capacity if it's tampered with too aggressively."
Sherlock looked up, met his brother's gaze and nodded, first to Mycroft, then to Irene, who both nodded back. "Goodnight, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson," Irene murmured as she and her husband left the room. Sherlock watched them go, then turned his gaze back on John, who, not surprisingly, looked confused.
"Do you think your other shoulder will accommodate similar treatment?" Mary asked, keeping her voice quiet.
"No, Harry, you're not," John corrected sternly. "You've got me; I'll be there for you every step of the way."
He hadn't struggled with cramps in a long time, especially since he'd moved in with Sherlock. However he had done a lot of running recently and today had been a particularly long day at the clinic.
"What were you doing if you weren't mouthing the words?"
Long elegant fingers caught John's wrist. "John, I really can take care of the rest."
John's face was drawn tight, and the circles under his eyes spoke of a long night. Sherlock had already known that John hadn't slept in over 30 hours by observing his gait and coloring, now Sherlock knew that John had been called in to work an unexpected shift at the hospital. Sherlock's cab had been diverted last night because of a large accident, that same accident was likely the reason John had been called in.
Sherlock waved his hand ineffectually in John's general direction, as though to pat him on the head. "Sshh. You wouldn't understand. Everything is fine."
know for sure, Sherlock" John insisted, still furiously patting the pockets of his coat and trousers, unwilling to remove his other hand from Sherlock's face to search more efficiently. "You
No, it wasn't necessary and it would only prolong this case, which wasn't even a four. Sherlock wouldn't have come at all normally, but it had been a slow week.
When they separated John smiled and murmured, "Thank you, I will. You too."
"Hello Mary!" John called out as he hung up his coat on the rack by the door.
"My friends, I thank you, for coming today to celebrate the life of Rosamund Kelleher. We come together in grief acknowledging our human loss. This is a tender time, a time when all of us, in one way or another, are confronted with feelings of loss and uncertainty. There will be disbelief and sadness in the hearts of many of us who are in this room. Perhaps it is hard to admit, even to ourselves, how profoundly vulnerable death can make us feel. We celebrate Rosamund's life even as we tremble before this vulnerability. For we know that whether we die quickly or slowly, we must all face the prospect of having to give up everything we think we are before we can return to God. Our celebration of our love for Rosamund cannot blunt these feelings. It is not about feeling better, but about finding strength and support in the sharing of this love, about experiencing fully all our joy and sorrow, and by discovering that love can reveal itself even more deeply in times of loss. And in the depth of this grief is revealed a secret. Life, experienced fully with all its joys and sorrows, then gives its secret to itself."
"Well, you
John's smile fell slightly as he considered that. He'd been living with Sherlock for a few months now, and he'd mostly written him off as an impossible git. A brilliant, but impossible git. Still there was this stubborn part of the ex-army doctor that was convinced the world's only consulting detective was more than cutting barbs and quick wits.
He'd been inclined to think there was something worthwhile about Sherlock at one point himself, but like Mrs. Hudson, he'd only been kidding himself. It was hard not to admire Sherlock's abounding intellect, or his wry, morbid sense of humor. Unfortunately, it was too morbid. He would laugh at an embarrassed Detective Inspector and a devastated widow woman indiscriminately. Whatever had been good about Sherlock, if there ever
John remained kneeling at Sherlock's feet, his fingers still massaging the now restored shoulder. "Not about the game, Sherlock," he insisted, "You care about that woman, about Anna."
" John announced then, turning away with an uneasy feeling and searching for his coat. When they'd discussed the finer details of their arrangement it had been decided that John could leave the house for errands and other things, but that he would always be "on call" via text, if Sherlock needed him. They'd yet to share a case together and John had been reluctant to leave 221 B for long, a bit on edge with this new arrangement still. That day, however, he'd needed some breathing room and didn't return to the flat until very late at night...
me?" John asked, indignant.
Realization finally dawned as Sherlock's arms crept around John's back and drew him deeper into the alleyway, and out of sight of the main street. As soon as they were concealed they both took off running. Hopefully their tail, if they were being followed, would think that Sherlock and John were not aware of them, that their stop in the ally was exactly as it had first appeared to be. It made sense, as a decoy, considering how often John was obliged to announce, 'He's not my boyfriend!'
"Christ you're beautiful," John murmured, leaning forward to press a sucking kiss to Sherlock's lower abdomen; the muscles underneath quivered in response. Sherlock spread his legs and canted his hips up in invitation and John's free hand gently cupped Sherlock's testicles, before venturing lower. "Is this what you want, Sherlock? Do you want me inside you?"
when I saw him last, and he'd torn the flat to pieces looking for..." John shrugged, "something."
felt better.  John relaxed into Sherlock and let him work.
"No, you're not. You're desperate to be rid of me; and Nikki by the looks of it. You don't like her, and you may owe someone a favor, given your less than reputable business dealings. Offering them first chair violin might help you repay that favor given how determined you are to seize this 'opportunity.'"
Part of John wanted to turn an leave immediately, get to a safe place before he could even begin to examine the damage, part of him wanted to hit Sherlock for being so cold... the rest of him… John looked around 221 B wondering if this would really be the
The world's only consulting detective counted the streets he passed in his mind, waiting for the right turn off to the rendezvous point. He'd texted Wiggins with cryptic instructions only they would understand. It had been...difficult to ask him to put himself in harm's way, even though that had always been part of the arrangement.
Mrs. Wallingford mangled a handkerchief between her two hands as she sat across from Sherlock. Her grief was genuine, that had already been established. There was no point or advantage in wasting time at this juncture, so Sherlock was direct. "What changed in your husband, Mrs. Wallingford?"
John fought to suppress a light chuckle. It was true that Sherlock had never outright lied to John, but that wasn't the point. "That's not the same as trusting me."
"The one that
, Sherlock," John hissed in irritation. "She's
"You're welcome," the stranger replied, flashing a welcoming grin. "Do you want to head there now, or some other time?"
Sherlock didn't stop once they were on the other side, but tore down the street, turning down a side street, and dove into a small ally between buildings, John hot on his heels. Once they were both in the ally, Sherlock tugged John down behind some bins that were set close to one of the buildings. They huddled, panting for breath, listening to the distant ringing of the alarms from Holloway Sanatorium.
Trigger Warning: A funeral is depicted in this chapter. Please be safe.
John forced himself to loosen his grip and let his arms fall naturally to Sherlock's waist. The world's only consulting detective had nodded off fairly quickly after he'd finished the soup, and the ex-army doctor had been glad to see it. Sherlock needed his rest. John had enjoyed Sherlock's silent company, and the satisfaction that he was finally getting what he needed, before drifting off himself. John had woken up in the middle of the night, disturbed by the continual low hum of the infomercial now running on the telly. He found he'd slumped over in his sleep so that he was almost horizontal, and that Sherlock was sprawled on top of him. Smiling softly to himself John had reached over and grasped the remote, plunging the room into silence and darkness.
know. This might be
That was not as reassuring as it should have been. Any excuse to stay was too dangerous. John swallowed, then nodded again "Right." He straightened and followed Sherlock inside 221 B.
They walked along, each lost in their separate thoughts, until Sherlock reached out and linked his arm with John's. He started to look up but Sherlock hissed, "Don't," and he turned his gaze back to the road before them. After a few moments, Sherlock spoke again, "We're being followed."
"A shelter?" John asked when the cab pulled up to "Forever Homes Shelter." It must have something to do with the case, John had known Sherlock too long to assume otherwise, but as usual he was in the dark about
Travis was speaking animatedly, and while no audio came through, both John and Sherlock could see the question etched into his face.
John gaped briefly, then collected himself and gestured for their guest to seat himself on the sofa. Their client looked equally shell-shocked, but also recovered quickly. After he had seated himself, John likewise sank into the chair beside Sherlock, and tried not to stare. John was aware enough of history to know that noble families in Europe and elsewhere did sometimes hold onto their titles and perhaps even their money, long after their political power was lost. John's knowledge of this extended far enough for him to surmise that the gentleman in front of them was likely not of British nobility, but that was all he would venture, for the moment.
you!"
His daughter turned a tearful gaze first towards Sherlock, then looked up at her husband. "I'm sorry," she whispered, her lips trembling.
Setting the important paperwork on his dresser, John moved to stand beside his husband. Sherlock looked up and smiled warmly in greeting. John leaned down to kiss him. Once they had parted, John murmured, "You look like you're getting
"I wanted to talk to you about picking up more hours," John said, trying to look energetic and focused.
Sherlock whirled to face him, lifted an elegant eyebrow towards his hairline, and replied, "Da."
Welcome back! I know the prologue was short and cryptic, but we're about to really get into it now. I hope you enjoy the story! ^_^
Once the last nurse had left, John pulled up a chair alongside Sherlock's bed, and took his hand. Sherlock's gaze met John's and he frowned. "I suppose it's time for that
"I'm stationed with you through the night Dr. Watson," Anthea replied with a slight smile. "On guard here or at hospital makes no difference to me."
Sherlock whirled, twisting so he was crouched just outside the doorway and to one side. While covering Laurali's body with his own, he was able to give Mycroft's snipers a clear shot. The danger had passed in a matter of minutes. The lectures, however, continued at length.
The consulting detective was, at this very moment tracing small circles on John's back with his fingers.  John wouldn't admit it, but he was glad Sherlock was with him.  It was awful being sick alone.
John stumbled to a halt, groaning in frustrated disappointment when the peaceful face of a woman in what had been in her late eighties was revealed. The sight gave Sherlock pause as well, which gave security enough time to catch up with him, and begin pulling him away from the coffin.
"I love you, Sherlock, and I'll be waiting, always."
Marcus stepped forward, his unbuttoned slacks riding dangerously low on his hips. His hands reached out for John, grasping the fabric of his trousers and undoing the button. "We haven't talked about preferences yet," Marcus breathed, sliding John's zipper down. His mouth was so close to John's ear he felt them more than heard them. "Do you have any I should know about?"
Laurali chuckled softly as she reached to secure her own cup of tea.
"What was Nikki talking about when she asked about 7:00pm?" John asked, tilting his head to the side to meet Sherlock's suddenly averted gaze.
"Details," Sherlock drawled with apparent boredom.
Mycroft sighed, and ran a hand down his face. "I knew introducing you two would be a bad idea."
Mr. Walker flushed with anger and indignation, but he nodded.
He was just peering under the coffee table for any strays when James said, "These are beautiful." John looked up and found James gazing at one of his sister's pictures; they were all of her rose garden. "Did your sister grow these?"
"Are the other kids staying at the estate?" Sherlock asked, taking a cup of tea from the set laid out on the coffee table.
"I thought you said that happened weeks ago," Greg muttered scratching some notes on a slim pad of paper.
Lestrade shifted his attention to Sherlock next. "You. Tell me everything, and from the beginning."
John had taken many steps to move forward and redirect his life. It hurt, it
Sherlock shifted, and rose to a seated position. He leaned against the armrest for a moment until a sudden dizziness abated, then he reached for his tea. Perhaps he had been on the sofa longer than he realized. Time did tend to get away from him when he was thinking. At least that hadn't changed.
"I'm not his date," John protested, but the owner had already gone to fetch said candle.
John gapped after him, appalled at his lack of empathy. Still, he knew he had to follow. He stood as well, and looked sympathetically and Mr. and Mrs. Wolfram/Volkov. "Good luck to you both," he said quietly. "I hope you are able to put this incident behind you, once and for all."
and I would’ve been able to help! But you didn’t!” she exclaimed, standing now, striding up to Sherlock.
“No – no, not until – not until now,” Sherlock said quietly. “Did you ever tell him?”
were you thinking, Sherlock?! You could’ve told me! I wouldn’t have told John – not unless you needed me to – I would’ve helped you dump it all – I would’ve
For what seemed like hours, he had tried to get himself back up onto that bed, but there was nothing there for him to use as a hand hold. Soon, he resorted to calling for help, but calling quickly turned into screaming as panic set in. After that – after the idea that perhaps the walls were sound proof passed through his mind – he gave up on that, too, resorting to sitting silently under the cot, wishing with everything in him that Mycroft – the only good person in Panem who knew that John had been alone with President Snow – would find him.
nice kisser, by the way.”
Sherlock could tell that John could just barely contain his anger while Dean was in the room, but once John shut the door on Dean, John was fuming.
“We’re in. We’ll be with our own siblings in the launch room to start, and we’ll trade off at nine-thirty.”
John opened his mouth to argue (with what he had no idea), but then Mycroft stood up, and placed his hand on John’s shoulder. He looked up at Mycroft, trying with all of his might to make his eyes plead for him to find a reason to stay.
When he finally saw Harry approach the podium, John could almost feel the waves of unease coming off of his sister, and knew exactly why. In fact, he knew that he would soon be the one emitting the unease during Harry’s hearing.
It was at times like these where Sherlock was reminded of the final article that Kitty Riley had ever written – an article that Sherlock had refused to read at first, until years later, when he finally felt as if whatever she had to say could not hurt him:
#JOHNCROFT MORE LIKE
“We did it we did it!” Archie cheered quietly in a sing-song voice, spinning around as he jumped.
“Hey, Louise,” he greeted her, looking away from the screen to stand up and hug her.
“Wait. Louise stayed the night?” he asked, narrowing his eyes in confusion.
“Not you...” he gasped, seeing Jim Moriarty in Charles Augustus’ eyes.
John woke up in the early afternoon, but Sherlock was already up and getting dressed.
John put down the manifesto.
“Thank you.”
John looked at his paper, finding that it was a list of all the sectors the Arena was split up into, and the twist each one held. He quickly read them over, and paused where Harry and Sherlock:
“There could be a failed muttation in there that’s hungry for human flesh – we don’t know!” Sherlock exclaimed defensively as he heard John start to laugh. “They let the mockingjays run amok –”
“John,” Dean called, and John looked up at him. “Everything’s going to be alright. You know that, right?”
Instead, he spoke when spoken to, and repeated the last line of John’s letter to him in his head, like a mantra he needed in order to breathe:
Hannibal had been living in Sherlock’s house since John’s wedding, more or less. Shortly after receiving Harry’s letter about the wedding, Sherlock received a letter from Panem Penitentiary, written in an elegant scrawl that could only belong to a member of District One:
Fern Timber, 53, District 7.
“I, very literally, ran into Charles Augustus Magnussen on the fifth floor of the stair well, and for a moment I actually thought it was Sherlock – for a second I thought that I had found him, and I was so relieved for just one second – but then I looked at his face – at the cigarette in his hand –”
“No, it’s fine.” He glanced at the door Sherlock and Dean had disappeared through, just in time to see Sherlock coming out. “There he is,” he murmured, and waved at him as he saw Sherlock assess the audience, looking for John and Harry.
John was always shocked by Sherlock’s displays of affection, but this was certainly the sweetest display yet. A smile grew across John’s face.
“What, you don’t have a question you want to ask him?” Harry asked, furrowing her brow.
“No – we’ll meet up with them after.”
“One minute until launch.”
Just like he should’ve done in the Arena. Then Harry would’ve won, John wouldn’t have had to choose between the two of them, and maybe then Mycroft wouldn’t have shot President Snow and if he had, he wouldn’t have been in that hallway, taking that bullet that was
At that moment, Sherlock remembered the blood – all the blood from the rain – and for a moment he thought it had all just been a hallucination from the venom, but then, looking closer at Harry, he noticed a red stain to her face – the red stain that she couldn’t scrub off – and he knew that the blood rain had been real. He looked down at the blood stains on his own hands, his arms, his sleeves –
Clover Frankwood for District 10
If Sherlock hadn’t realized exactly what Harry had done before this point, he definitely, fully realized it, now.
“Well, we exactly can’t prove them right or wrong, so...” John began.
And that was all Sherlock needed to know.
It didn’t take him long to find one, just as Sherlock predicted.
But was that really such a terrible fate? He could almost see the headlines of the articles that would surely be written about him: Sherlock Holmes Dies Of Morphling Overdose Nearly Five Days After Brother’s Death.
“May I ask what happened?”
He was in the training center, and Charles Augustus Magnussen was dead.
An angry storm formed in his chest as he approached the guards standing by Snow’s front gates.
“Okay, fine, but what happened?” John asked, cutting Sherlock off. “Did he do anything – did he touch you –”
John and Mycroft sat with Louise.
In fact, it seemed as if a lot of the colors of the swimsuits chosen by the Gamemakers had some sort of meaning behind it. Harry’s was red because of her hair, Sherlock’s was lilac because of the iris that started it all, Julia Waters’ was blue because of her name, Magnussen’s was black because it matched his soul –
“Please, I’m the one you want,” he told them, his tone persuasive, instead of pleading. “My brother is of no threat; please just take me and leave him be.”
John looked to Sherlock, who was silent beside him during the various exchanges taking place within the car. He watched as his boyfriend followed each conversation with only his eyes, his face unchanging as his eyes darted back and forth.
Sherlock looked up at Harry, and John knew immediately what he had told them.
Helen Hewlett, 25, District 1.
When Mycroft realizes John has gone missing, he tells Louise (and she tells the other members of the Mockingjay Alliance) that Plan B is going to be set into motion. I'm confident that I had made a Plan A, but I don't remember any of it. Maybe just Mycroft being diplomatic like “Hey Snow you should really stop the Hunger Games we have the numbers to take you by force if need be but we’d rather you just surrendered”? I have no idea.
And he did keep walking, until he heard a quick rustle of leaves not far behind him.
“That’s okay –” Sherlock replied, crouching down before the boy. “Come on – on my back –” he ordered, and as Archie scrambled onto his back, Sherlock kept watch to make sure no one was paying any attention to them. He had no idea how he was going to carry the weight of this boy and of the sword in the water, but he had to try. “I want you to hold on tight, okay?”
“As I said before, victors of Districts One through Six will have their hearings today,” Dean went on. “We’ll go in order from least recent to most recent Hunger Games victors within each District, which means that...” he checked a list in front of him on the podium. “Wallace Gregson – victor of the twenty-seventh Hunger Games – you’re first.
Suddenly, the dog tags around Sherlock’s neck weighed heavy in a way they never had before. The moment Sherlock had been waiting so damn long for – for forever, it seemed – was finally here.
He wasn’t in the meadow beyond the fence, or the pond John learned to swim in, or the construction site for District 12’s new bakery, or Mycroft’s grave, or with Lindsay Cairns (a woman who apparently Mycroft had been close to when he was alive). John was about to go back home and check to see if Sherlock had returned before keeping his promise to Harry when he thought of one last place he could be.
He knew the deepest, darkest parts of John, and knew for a fact that everyone was going to vote for John’s freedom; John was practically a golden boy compared to Sherlock. When it came to John, Sherlock had never been concerned about where he would end up.
that District 12 wasn’t the same since he left it just a few weeks ago. For one thing, John’s parents weren’t going to be at the station to greet them when they arrived. For another, Mycroft Holmes was not in the train with the surviving victors. Not to mention the fact that the entirety of the Mockingjay Rebellion occurred while he was gone.
Anxiety by Gold Fields (for Mycroft pretending he's not planning the rebellion)
Mycroft closed his eyes and breathed in, held his breath, and then looked down at his umbrella.
Anyone who doesn’t listen to Welcome To Night Vale is probably so confused. Sorry!
“Well, sadly...” Caesar started, and John knew exactly what was coming – and even though he was able to give Sherlock and Harry the slightest of hints that something was happening, neither of them were anywhere close to fully prepared for what was going to happen. Hell,
“He’s my brother –” Sherlock started.
Sherlock nodded as Dean let him go, and with one final goodbye and a friendly reminder to take care of each other, the two were gone, leaving the three alone in the Victor’s Village – a population that was double that just under a week ago.
“Hey, look!” John looked, running up ahead; obviously, something had caught his eye.
“And what’s that?” John asked as Mycroft unlocked the cuffs.
“What’s that?” Sherlock asked, and the boy spoke, louder:
Mikhail Quidam was the most popular boy in their class, and John seemed to get along with him well, despite the fact that Mikhail had it out for Sherlock.
Then it all came crashing in – crashing into his head until he could think about nothing else –
“Louise mentioned requesting ice cream for breakfast last night, though,” Harry went on. “She said that’s what she did when she got out of the Arena, and she said it tasted so much better than anything she ever had before because she was having it as someone who never had to live in fear of the Arena again.”
“Very good.”
“The Hunger Games was simple. Rebellion was a problem, and problem-solving is, in most cases, hunting. Even the simplest of problems require some sort of hunt in order to be solved. It is a savage pleasure and we are born to it. Which is why the Hunger Games exists. We all possess the ability to kill, but only a chosen few of us are able to go through with such an act. All of those people stand here today, minus a few who lost the ability to problem-solve along the way.”
cannon went off,” John said, his voice breaking. “I thought I had lost you, Sherlock – I
Somehow, John was able to thank Dean and leave the auditorium, his arm around his crying sister’s shoulder.
“Charles Augustus stared at Helen Hewlett while licking his fingers during our lunch.”
is. He and I both entered through these gates earlier today to meet with President Snow. I was dismissed, John was not, and he still hasn’t emerged. Where. Is. He?”
Sherlock and Harry continue their training sessions; Charles Augustus Magnussen tries to talk to Harry.
– left Sherlock alone. He was still tired – tired for the first time in his life, probably – but he kept walking. Harry wasn’t a Holmes – she would have to sleep sometime – as long as she was in front of him, he’d catch up with her eventually, as long as he kept walking.
“Oh my god, is it really that long ago?” John asked, sounding absolutely miserable, and for a second Sherlock thought he had spoken his thoughts out loud. “To the point where you have to think about it?”
John had no idea what to say in response, but his mouth opened up and spoke for him, anyway.
Harry exclaimed, gaping at her brother.
“That Bloodbath was intense! Congratulations, by the way – Sherlock’s still in it,” he said, offering Mycroft a glass of wine, and John winced at his enthusiasm.
“What does that mean?” John asked.
John wouldn't recover much after that, though. He would never be taken off of suicide watch.
As it turned out, there were some things that even the Hunger Games couldn’t change.
“I, um...When I first came here, and heard all of your stories – what’s happened to all of you...I didn’t feel like I should be here. In this room. And that’s probably terrible to say, seeing as I’ve come up so many times even though I haven’t said a word, and seeing as it was my sister and my boyfriend who stopped Magnussen from doing these things ever again, but... You all had it so much worse than me – all of you were hurt over and over again in ways that I can’t even imagine – I was just groped and kissed and threatened in an – in an empty stairwell... And I guess what’s why I felt so out of place, here. But, with that said, even though I felt like I shouldn’t be here, I was. I’ve never missed a meeting. And you all greeted me with open arms. And even though sometimes I still don’t feel like I’ve suffered enough to validate my being here, I was still hurt.
“We’ll take care of it – he’ll cooperate more smoothly with us anyway, and I imagine you’d like to keep this as quiet as possible. Yes. Yes, of course. Good day.” He hung up the phone, looked at John again, and took his umbrella in his hand, standing up. “It seems that Sherlock has done something no tribute has ever done before. I've just been informed that he broke out of training.”
She laughed into his shoulder.
“Sir?”
“No.”
“The kits are on their way,” Mycroft announced, and John wanted to be relieved, but there was a question that had been bugging at John since Sherlock woke up, something that he desperately wanted to ask Mycroft. “I also made sure there were a few things in Sherlock’s for his shoulder wound –”
He took a step back, assessing his situation.
“Well...considering, you look fantastic, John,” Caesar replied, already struggling to save the show. He turned to Harry. “So, John won the Hunger Games last year, and now, Harriet Watson, here you are. Do you think you’ll follow in John’s footsteps?”
“Today’s not –” John started as he took the phone from Sherlock, but he was already ahead of him.
“I’d panic,” Sherlock guessed.
Harry shrugged. “I saw him a few hours ago but he didn’t say anything. Maybe he went to see John?”
And it was then that Sherlock knew that John hadn’t told her of Sherlock’s plans.
“Not in the way you want them to.”
“I can do it,” John muttered, and the girl nodded, and left him to make the terrifying steps to Mycroft’s door on his own.
he’d be saying to the new victor.
John stood outside of President Snow’s office, wringing his hands, dressed in his nicest suit, waiting for Mycroft to emerge. He checked his watch again – it was eight-thirty – ninety minutes until the Games began. At this point, Sherlock and Harry would be in the Aircraft, flying circles around Panem in an attempt to make the tributes feel like they were farther away from home than they actually were. Any second, now, some Peacekeeper would be injecting Sherlock and Harry with their tracking device, turning them into two number twelves in a long line of number twelves – one that had John Watson and Mary Morstan added to the list at exactly this moment last year.
“What’s that?” John asked, nodding to the letter.
Because Sherlock, after everything, truly didn’t believe it – that anyone could be in love with him.
“...Okay. Right. Thank you, Mycroft,” she said, and they heard the door close.
Maybe Mycroft felt the same way.
“He found my room in the hospital wing –”
How could he say such a thing with Harry in the house next door? How dare he make him feel like he had to live – it’s not as if he didn’t feel bad enough already! How could he sabotage him like this –
“You’ve gotten fairly good grades, John; I’m sure you’ve paid attention in your history classes,” Mycroft said lieu of an actual explanation. “You tell me.”
No. John had to keep himself together – ground himself.
Any happiness John felt the night before was gone by the time he awoke the next day. He looked out the window and noticed that it was the crack of dawn – how long had he slept? Three hours, at the most?
“Yeah,” Sherlock replied, entirely too quickly for it to be true. “Dean’s calling a meeting with all of us – it’ll probably end up being a broadcast, seeing as they probably shut off the cameras when Mycroft shot Snow.”
This wasn’t solely his idea – Louise had done the same when she and Archie were up there, talking with Caesar.
Sherlock and John react to the Quell’s Twist; Sherlock makes a decision for John; the four prepare themselves for Sherlock and Harry’s Games in different ways.
Little by little, John got to know each of the Magnussen victims – the people that he shared the most in common with, trauma-wise. He listened to their stories, each one more tragic than the last, and he found himself growing attached to a few of them; befriending them, more or less. There was a twenty-year-old girl who attended the meetings while her boyfriend stayed home watching her five-year-old son – a boy who she loved to death but sometimes couldn’t bear to look at, simply because he had Charles Augustus Magnussen’s facial features. There was also a fourteen year old girl who had fallen pregnant with the last Magnussen baby – she started talking to John because of the medical experience he had mentioned off-handedly during one of the meetings, but the two became friends after a while.
