Clint rolled his eyes and leaned back setting his hands on the rock behind him. “What brings you out here?”
"Either way, my dear, please get in. Jarvis will drive, and I'll lead." Tony said gesturing into the cart.
In one breath and the next he was on all fours and running towards the scent of Tony. He had gotten far which wasn't a surprise. They were almost matched in speed and Steve drowned the omega in pure strength. Small bodies move faster.
The three stood outside a large two-story house next to a ‘For Sale’ sign a good day’s ride out from the nearest town and nearly a fortnight since they headed out together.
"Doctor Banner turned into a monster." He said matter-of-factly. Tony laughed and opened up his arms. Jarvis slowly slid into them. Tony held his heavy metallic body like his life depended on it.
Bucky fell off the counter and onto his feet gracefully. “Let us come to my room.” He offered holding out a hand. Clint rounded the corner and took it.
He turned to Clint and did his usual pat down of his oversized belly. “Your womb hasn't dropped yet. If they get more intense and longer, please find me you idiot.”
Bucky shrugged. “I know. I only know they happen on Sunday’s. Today we got a text saying there would be some kind of bidding war on the first.”
Bucky rolled his eyes and held out a hand to help Clint up. The omega took it and let himself be hauled out of the clutches of the couch.
"Yes." Clint answered. He leaned over and rested his elbows on the counter and cupped his chin with one hand. "Rather exciting overall. I'm the hunter and I still got chops even impeded by this." Clint said with a small gesture to his body. "Everyone here is smarter than me by a mile and that gets lonely, but Dummy and Jarvis are usually willing to keep me company. I am doing well. I may not be happy, but contentment yields strong."
Natasha clenched her fist then brought it down between her crossed knees. “But if let’s say a famous technology billionaires son is hear to be at school run raids following an under ground fighting ring, is hospitalized then taken by choose-your-minority-terrorists said billionaire is going to pay not only to get his son back but to save his public image because that son is now tied to terrorists militia groups.”
Tony bumped his hand out of the way with a cold nose. He crawled out of the burrow and Steve got out of his way. To his surprise Tony stayed close to him as they walked back to the house. They were quiet Tony occasionally bumping into Steve’s knee. They went to the workshop and Tony shifted soundlessly and Dummy ran head first into his legs. He winced and gently patted his head. Steve leaned against a post and watched Tony check his children and get dressed. The air was frigid and Steve pushed away from the post and started up the urn. He cleaned up and piled some of Tony’s papers.
Tony’s words rang in his head. They were my children. Steve’s legs went first walking out the back door and straight across the vast grassy yard to the workshop. Jarvis was sitting in front playing fetch with Dummy.
Bucky turned and crouched in front of the two whole babies and let them crawl to him gripping his fur and relearning their fathers smell. He licked and played with them and Natasha covered her mouth.
Tony rolled his eyes turning to walk into the kitchen ahead of him. "Must you take all the fun away?"
Sam saw Natasha the next day outside in the quad reading a book and sucking down a smoothie. His legs moved before his brain caught up. She was probably the prettiest girl he’d ever seen. Though she might be the only girl he’s seen since he went home during winter break. Still…her sharp green eyes looked at him and twitched. Sam smiled. Gingers, he’s always had a thing for gingers.
Bucky crouched down in front of Steve taking his knee in hand. "I'm not. I am a gun to point not a leader. Natasha is a rock to steady the storm and Sam a cool breeze on a hot day. Thor is a sun. You are the person we serve. Believe it or not the leadership became you not the other way around."
"I beg to differ," Tony said turning back to the carriage. "We found proof that me and Bruce are a pack."
A gunshot went off and all the students flinched. Except for Tony who’s eyes rolled back in his head and started seizing.
“Ya’ll shot me,” Tony slurred. He was somewhere but his vision kept going in and out and he was having trouble telling if it was him closing his eyes or a lightbulb flickering or death.
"Nat told me she was leaving and said goodbye. You," Clint said shoving a finger into his chest. "Left me cold and alone with not even a fucking hint as to where you were. Excuse me for treating that differently."
“Would you like to enjoy it some more?” he asked his accent carrying over the words and brushing over Bruce’s ear.
Tony opened the door as though expecting him. He seated him on a bench and stuffed hot tea into his hands.
She nodded and left him to his movie. Something wasn’t right. If anyone was planning to cheat they would have done it ages ago. The fact that it was happening right now when the prefects were closing in ever closer on their fights meant something. She had to find out what.
Sam came to them first and Tony nearly ran head first into him unable to stop the tug in his chest and the direction in his soul. Sam stopped him with a hand on his shoulder and Natasha ran up shifting mid-step to stand next to her partner.
Steve held out a tentative hand wanting to touch but unsure. Tony answered for him taking it and entwining their fingers. “We need to bring Bruce.”
Tony was too caught up in his thoughts to hear them come upon them. Jarvis let out a gasp and Tony was on all fours and growling the fur barely set in place before the thought to shift reached his mind. Four men crowded in. Tony's eyes adjusting to their figures in the dark. One held Jarvis a knife to his neck. They probably couldn't see the metal in the dim light. Tony and Bruce were forced against the carriage.
The alpha looked between his hand and back before taking it. “I am Captain Steven Rodgers and have just returned from our war out in the east.”
“You seem uncomfortable, but I should tell you it is no shame to be beaten down. I have had my fair share of fights.”
Bruce snorted and handed him peeled apples to slice and the caramel and spiced honey to place them in. “You’d have to leave your pack and I would like to think you’re attached to them.”
“Everyone leaves once they get what they want. None of you talked to me until I told you I could make you money.” Tony said picking at the buckles on his boot.
Clint was wrapped in their thickest blanket with a cup of tea shoved into his hand gazing blankly at the wall. Bruce watched him like a hawk over the simple chicken broth on the stove. Tony strutted into the room and sat across from Clint with an amount of flair that clashed with the cautious atmosphere. Jarvis came and stood next to Bruce hand out for the spoon he'd been using to stir. Bruce conceded and sat at the table with the other two. Tony only waited for a beat or two before he began.
T’Challa shrugged. “I paid three grand to have a chance to fight Bruce. If he’s been making ten to fifteen grand a week on bets alone.... It adds up. That was last year it has gotten bigger, I’m sure.”
Clint had climbed out the window and was idling across the ledges when a phantom hand grabbed him and pulled him into a second story room. He courageously screamed at the moment and rolled several times away.
The monster roared at him from Bruce’s body. Tony fought the urge to shrink back. He instead gripped Bruce’s hair pulling him roughly into submission. The roars stopped.
“I would not ask you to lie to your leader for me. Tell him what you will. The man has a low enough opinion of me it might as well reach the dens of Satan.” Tony answered.
Natasha pushed her way to the front and stood next to Tony. She had a feeling he needed her to help him carry this.
“You can’t stand up with out staring at the floor for four minutes to stop yourself from vomiting.” Natasha intoned. She leaned back against her bed post.
Natasha didn’t know how to respond and turned on their projector and started Space Odyssey again. She wasn’t a fan but it made Tony happy. He was smiling as the opening shots played his head laying on his pillow. The blood vessels of his right eye broke when Stane took him out. It appeared glassy when he was watching things and it took Natasha awhile to realize that it was because he was always dizzy, despite his rebuttals.
"You're right. That arch I performed to suck your cock two nights ago was but a dream. Of course, you'd forget."
He found him three days after their first shared meal sitting alone one the porch and whittling a piece of wood into a toy between his knees. Tony stood in front of him. He couldn’t find it in him to lower himself as he would with any other pack member.
Bucky sat at the helm of the ship leaning over his arm holding his weight. It has been four months since he’d last seen him. Steve came up and leaned with his back on the edge to his left.
It didn’t feel finished. Tony felt that something was incomplete. It came to him through memories for his biology did not allow instinct to tell him what it was.Tony grabbed Bucky’s hair and bared his neck in submission. He felt their tether take hold. There. It was completed. He released the alpha. Bucky’s hand snapped to his neck and an inhuman growl reverberated through him. Tony turned and didn’t look back. “We are done then.”
Captain Rodgers jerked back shocked. “My apologies, I speak out of habit rather than moral. We have been doing our very best to leave the war behind us, joining a pack of omegas might be one more step in completing the task.”
Thor drank more of his mead. Clint’s arms tightened around himself. Bucky had resumed eating and Bruce was still somewhere amongst the stars. Tony coughed.
"I'm surprised you wake so late." Clint shook himself then started to tie himself back in awkwardly reaching under his belly.
“I wouldn’t bet against your other half with a gun to my head, Brucey.” Tony said helping Bruce up with a hand.
Steve pinched his nose. "I guess not. Then not only will we be mated, and I have bedded you, you will be with my child by the time Clint gives birth."
“And who’s going to clean the place?” Clint asked clearly detailing how he wasn’t going to do just that.
“I only met them an hour ago but if anything happened to them I'd kill everybody in this room and myself.” Natasha said.
“He’s trying to make water pipes run to each room and heat themselves, so we don’t have to fetch it ourselves.” Bruce answered having heard one of Tony’s complaints.
A small knock gave them warning when Steve poked his head in. “He would like you to come, to Jarvis burial.”
Tony didn’t answer. His brain was buzzing and there was no real emotion or words just Clint’s blonde fox body not moving.
“So, it would seem.” Steve said sardonic. “With that in mind I think it is time that we take our leave.”
“Good.” Tony said standing up and stepping over the puddle of gore that had once been Stane. “After you,” he gestured opening the tent flap. The monster nodded and stomped out. Tony covered his chest. He wondered how many times they would meet before Tony stopped having heart attacks from seeing it.
Tony bit his lip and turned to his bed side drawer and pulled out three notebooks. He held out the one labeled Natasha. He grabbed Clint and Bruce and tossed them on her bed.
Tony turned away unable to look him in the eye. “You don’t trust me and you think I’m doing immoral and disgusting things.”
They walked in silence for a breath. Bucky sniffing right on Clint's heels. Clint ignored him for the time being.
"You speak truth," Thor grumbled getting up. "Please, do impregnate Lord Stark. I would hate to see my time with Doctor Banner cut short if this does not go well."
Steve crouched down in front of him and tried to catch his eye. “Take a nap. You look exhausted. I’ll get Lord Stane’s pack settled in.”
Stane grabbed his arms and Tony groaned. “I don’t think they care you little bitch.” Tony gasped as he was hauled over Stane’s shoulder.
Thor left the bed. “I will leave now given your distress.” He said getting dressed. “Trust me to return with questions and in hope of answers.”
“She left with her other half and…Lieutenant Barnes to track down the Captain." Clint said waving a barmaid down. "Two beers." He asked. She eyed the two omegas strangely, but Clint and Tony ignored her.
He was just smarter than the system he was brought up into. He was also supposed to be graduating college but the government refused to let him not finish high school so at seventeen in his final year already taking tests for a doctorate because he’s been doing high school and college at the same time and still has extra time to create an underground fight club and befriend a few disadvantaged individuals.
Steve growled. “Fine, Corporal Romanov, we leave at dawn.” Steve stomped off the porch ripping off clothes until he was free. The ground gave beneath him and he ran. He continued to run until he was out of breath then he ran back. He was focused on the movement of his body and what he could control.
“You’d have to split the arrow to do such a thing. I don’t think that’s possible.” Bucky said standing beside him.
Bucky as per usual looks at Clint the same way Clint looks at his algebra homework. “Okay. Moving on. How would I be “incognito” and furthermore what in the fuck would I be looking for?”
Steve scrubbed his face. “In all honesty, Tony, I want this done and over with so I can propose properly to you.”
Steve dropped his fork and covered his mouth, Tony turned and caught the edges of delight in his eyes. “I love them!” he said.
"I murdered my alpha and that is why I left. It is also why a Mister Bruce Banner my 'alpha' owns this property. If Tony Stark did my alphas’ pack might find me." Tony said.
Sam patted his shoulder pulling back. “Keep building me wings Lord Stark and it will never be a problem.”
“It really is fine. The only thing I’m worried about is that my student might fail his exams.” Bruce said shoving his notebook back into his backpack.
Tony felt something burst in his chest. The entire pack was around him hugging and greeting. Catching up talking in minute touches. There was a solidification he had not felt since…ever. He turned and caught Steve’s eye. The other man was looking at him his eyes red and watery. He felt it too.
Steve's foot collided with the back of Tony's knee and he fell forward before catching himself on uneven feet.
Steve stood up after the meal. “Tony, Thor, and I will take off in search of Sam and Natasha. The three of you will stay here and salvage what’s left of the house and start repairs.”
The sun had reached the trees and the stars were spanning the sky. Thor came to join Steve and Bucky on the porch looking pretty debauched. Steve wanted to say something but left it. Sam and Natasha joined them next Natasha sitting on the railing of the porch. The sun set and lights were lit inside the tavern.
Steve was dozing off. He hadn’t slept since Friday night and it was Monday at six am. He was not prepared to be yelled at along with his peers this early in the morning. Natasha would gently prop his head up occasionally so he wouldn’t be caught. Sam was in the same state but he was hiding on the steps between bleachers sleeping in a small pile with Clint and Bucky.
Tony laughed. Steve did too. Whether it had a slight hysterical edge to it did not matter because it felt like pure joy.
Clint smiled and came over pulling a rag over his nose and mouth. “Hand it over, Stark everyone knows you can’t clean.”
“You’re a rich prince with an affinity for sports which your culture deigns as warriorship. Do you want the hint or not?” Bruce said standing up and over Thor.
There was a lot of rain now. Bruce should move. He was getting wet. He didn’t bring his backpack out given it was a Saturday morning… Maybe he should move. He closed his eyes. The rain felt good. He could feel his lips pulling into a neutral smile. Acid rain be damned.
“Or,” Tony said leaning in close, lips pink and eyes mischievous, “you want a taste before it’s gone.”
Mr. Stark looked up at him eyes bright, the brown almost glowing honey yellow. His hair looked soft and framed his high cheekbones. "You have latent magic! May we test this? Doctor Banner grab your note book we must gather--" He had a lovely baritone of a voice.
"They make movements in hopes of a reaction and not as a reaction. They plan out what they are going to do and seem to be as human as you and I."
Tony stood his movements weighed down walked around to greet Steve. The swell of his belly was unmistakeable even under the smithy’s apron.
Steve jumped out of bed and his knees hit the floor. There was so much emotion, it was a tidal wave, he could hear a cacophony of barks and growls and howls from the pack feeling it too. The pain was overwhelming, it was filling every crevasse of the pack bond and it was literally shaking the house. Steve placed a hand to his chest and forced himself to stand even though the very floor beneath him shook ready to collapse.
Stane turned horrified. He really didn’t think the creature was going to come back. Tony couldn’t help but smile a bit.
Tony leaned up and caught Steve’s lips. “Go ahead then.” He whispered. Steve dove in and took over his tongue conquering where it roved. Tony let him, enjoying the play only pulling away long enough to gasp. “Weren’t you working on a portrait.”
The next morning the pack sat on the porch steps and watched the three alphas leave towards the horizon. Tony was the only one standing leaning against one of the support beams and he felt a heaviness in his chest as the pack bonds started what was going to be a lengthy arduous stretch.
“I prefer the thunderstorms of my home,” Thor said. Bruce opened an eye to look at him. This was the first time Thor had even spoken of being home sick.
“I’m feeling a connection between your daddy issues, the fight ring everyone knows about but no one talks about and you.”
Tony laughed and put his hands on his hips. “No creature on the face of this earth would walk all over you, fair angel. You are too stubborn to have a bed corner out of place.”
"Out with it, the question could not sour my mood as much as your depressed look has." Tony snapped over dinner. The inn they were staying at had possibly the worst stew Tony had ever graced his pallet. Making it not so much as dinner but rapidly cooling dog food.
Steve stared. He'd fought similar things back in the hardened landscape of Latveria. None, had spoken.
"Of course." Tony twisted around until he found Jarvis again. "Finish plastering the walls I'll come back and set the last two."
Steve looked down at his lips and back up to his bright brown eyes. Tony nodded, and Steve took what was given delving into him. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders and dragged him in. Steve hands roved down Tony’s back and gripped his ass. Tony pulled away to jump and wrap his legs around Steve’s waist. He gave Steve a wicked smile. Steve smiled back and gripped his thighs holding him up.
“Why would he be furious?” Bruce said. “He could just hire another? Like the one who made your automatons.”
Tony”s shoulders slumped and the earth quake stopped. The pack did not stop their distressed howling. Steve stood and gathered the strength to pull Tony around to face him and away from the fire. His body was flushed a deep red and another scream was clearly building in his throat. His eyes saw nothing. Steve clasped his face shaking him slightly so he would look at him. He did. The horror drained and his face crumpled like a dam overflowing with weather the bricks and mortar cracking and crumbling until there was nothing but the flood. Steve pulled him in so tightly he might have feared hurting him if Tony had not pulled him closer.
Thor hummed. "Fair Banner has this belief that you will not win over Lord Starks affections And because of that we will leave."
It was overwhelming the edge was there and Bruce threw himself over it like a fool off a bridge. “Yes.” He said around his orgasm fingers clawing down Thor’s back and his opening clenching around Thor’s cock, his own coming small stripes across the other mans abs. Just like that he felt Thor come in him, the man biting into his shoulder. Not this time. But next. The voice said before its presence retreated like a rock sliding shut over a cave opening. His eyes rolled back in his head. Then there was nothing.
Bruce blinked and flushed. “Good.” He turned back and placed the pies in the stove. Large warm hands covered his hips and he stood up closing the stove and leaned back into a warm chest. Thor’s hair tickled his neck when he leaned down.
“Maybe, but I have a duty here. Clint will need a doctor and then the children will and Tony will when his heat comes. I am to keep them well,” Bruce answered.
Bucky stared at the arrow standing straight in the perfect center of the circle. He scratched his chin standing back to look at Clint. The other man just continued to stretch his shoulders and arms and back and legs and now he was bent near in half showing off how round and plump his ass was now. Bucky swallowed walking up. He didn’t know how he still had energy now. They’d been at it for nearly two hours and yet Clint looked ready to go another three despite his heavy globe of a stomach.
Clint waved his concern turning his back and reaching slowly for his discarded book. "I wasn't their property and I smelled like Natasha then you at the time." The water with a small whoosh began running through the house. "Mr. Stark liked us more than others so we were given impossible gifts. He did not trust us but he was grateful for the humanity."
Tony felt something melt under that and couldn't help his lips curling into a tender smile. "I do not doubt it, courteous angel."
Steve hesitated to touch him hand in the air. Stane caught his wrist. He clenched his hand which would be bruising on anyone else and threw his hand down. Steve clenched his jaw. No punching. Not yet.
“There’s a couple of important words your missing but I’m sure you can find them.” Clint said settling in between Bucky’s legs. Bucky wrapped his arm around Clint and leaned his head on his shoulder.
Steve woke up with a long line of warmth curled to his chest. He rolled his head to catch the light out the window and saw that the sun had yet to fall below the trees making the autumn evening cooler than it had been before. Tony curled further into him his bare legs shifting between Steve’s. Steve gently shook him.
"None of your concern, Doctor." Jarvis said again over him. It was slightly biting despite the automatons soothing monotone.
Steve's head tilts, his chest rising in breath. His cheeks pinking in color. "Our pack spent the morning virtuously, it would seem," he deadpanned. "No missed opportunities, I can see."
"You smell odd and that's why people avoid us on the road." Tony exclaimed pointing at Bruce. Bruce jerked back shocked. It was the dead of night and they were snuggled together under the stars. The fire was close, and Jarvis was stoking it his little clockwork head ticking from side to side. Dummy rocked himself sleepily back and forth. Bruce said nothing but stared at Tony's manic grin.
Too cold. Let me out. Bruce shushed the other side. He needed to be clean. The river was starting to rise the water letting out a slowly growing roar. Bruce squatted near the edge and began drenching himself. The blood sloughed off like a second skin but he had to scrub everything. He didn’t even realize he was nearly waist deep in the water until Thor grabbed onto him.
Steve hadn’t looked up from the sketch and that right there just wasn’t right. The air was fresh, Tony’s current project was done, and he had all the time in the world. He needed some attention.
Sam Wilson smiled when she met his gaze. “I like to read books that make me feel terrible.” He said his smile growing wider. Natasha tried not to flush. He had a beautiful jawline and the kindness in his eyes was upsetting.
"I was part of a large militia pack called Shield. When Tony left his pack, they started handing us faulty weapons and that was the start." Clint said. "A lot of the pack was double spies and with insufficient weaponry the pack disintegrated. Fury, Hill and Coulson left to try and rebuild while Nat, Sam, Bucky and I tried to regroup. Without a solid leader we weren’t functioning well. It took about month and I ran out of my suppressants and birth control during that time and well..." Clint gestured to himself. "Then they left on an impossible quest through literal war-torn country to rebuild their little militia with a proper leader and I stayed…or was left behind as a liability. Depends on how you look at it."
They continued to stare up at the building. Tony breathed in the slightly wet air and knew that rain was upon them. He needed to buy the lease quickly if they did not get caught. With this in mind he made his way to the door Jarvis dutifully falling in step behind him.
"I- uh," Bruce backed out of the carriage carrying an angry squirming Dummy with him. Dummy had clung to one of the ripped pieces of Bruce’s shirts. "Yes?"
“We’re close, then.” Steve said gently pulling onto Tony’s arm to drag him back from his mind. His eyes cleared and he blinked at the two alphas.
He looked over the edge. Tony was half in a creek his hand scratching vigorously at his neck. Steve shifted. “Tony?”
“Think you can go to the bid tonight incognito?” Clint asked between kisses. Smooth. He is totally James Bond. He reached for Bucky's pants.
After scaring his pack by roughly throwing around the outer layers of walls and slamming the hammer louder than necessary and drinking a quarter of a pint of whiskey Tony graced them with his presence at meal time that evening.
"We are a small militia, we come into their home use their amenities with no promise of pay. It would look like an overthrow by an alpha majority pack to anyone else." Steve said.
“I have an idea I just can’t narrow it down.” Tony continued. He was the imposter. Everyone was fucked on this spaceship.
“Gods,” Tony breathed when Steve dropped him on the bed. He pulled off his shirt and was struggling out of his pants when Steve’s warmth wrapped around him once again. Steve was shaking with need as he ripped off the rest of Tony’s pants and they were on each other’s lips taking more than there could possibly be there to give.
Tony watched him leave and realized he would die before letting Steve’s plans for him fail. Cool. That’s new. He also has an ass that wouldn’t quit.
Tony rolled his shoulders and checked how many students had joined them in the sound proofed orchestra room. Enough.
Bruce’s palms stung and he was seeing red. Something smacked against the side of his head. His fists went to the first flash of person he could see, and he punched and punched until something hit his back.
Tony’s eyes lit up. “Yeah, I’m currently getting my PhD in Engineering but after that I’m planning on trying to run for a government position and getting another degree in polisci…”
His pack looked to Steve for confirmation. Tony glanced at Steve and found himself scared by the hard look in his eyes.
Clint chewed around a piece of buttered bread eyeing Thor. “I know you met, the captain.” He said pointing at Bucky rudely and showing the world the food in his mouth. “But how did he meet Thor?”
"The hostiles," Steve started then stopped. Dear lord. He could not drop it. He tried again. "The omegas are within reason to view us as such."
The man blinked surprised then his face closed off and he gestured for Steve to follow him. When they reached his office, Tony sat on his desk facing Steve and pulled out a scrap of paper.
Steve nodded and ran. Thor stayed. Watching him curiously. The crowd disbursed until it was just them.
"What caused all this hostility?" Bucky asked. Steve glanced up. His tunic hung low and he was having trouble with his vest. Steve started to stand to help but Bucky sent him a sharp look and he sat down.
Steve’s hand squeezed around Tony’s and he brought it to his lips. “Hush, first we complete our pack then we pick up our home.”
Clint stopped screaming. He looked around. They were in one of the science rooms. There were a lot of science rooms. Clint was here on a sports scholarship that was pulled one summer after his dad boxed his ears one too many times and now he could only hear through hearing aids. He’d been doing the fights since then to keep his place at school. Cause at least when he got punched here it was planned.
Rogers blushed his eyes looking to the corner of the room. Tony loved this about him. His good American boy looks and belief. He just wished he wasn’t so straight and narrow. Ruining his profiteering is a real bummer.
“I’d fix the bets by placing my monthly allowances on the opponents.” Tony said. “It blew up way to fast and we had reached our goal right around the time…” Tony couldn’t finish it. None of these people would talk to him again. He liked them. They only stayed with him because he was paying them. That’s the reason anyone’s stayed.
"Sir," Jarvis said. The pack of bandits as a whole stopped. Tony turned and the large mass of wolf easily the size of the carriage tore a bandit in two halves, one half in his teeth the other in his mangled and clawed hands. Tony darted under the carriage and hid. Jarvis would live. He knew to play dead when danger was involved. People rarely desecrate the dead. Monsters were another story. Fuck. Where’s Dummy? Tony twitched his ears listening to the little creatures’ wheels and... clanking in the carriage, shaking it side to side. Thank the Lady for small miracles.
Bucky came to stand behind him leaning to whisper in his ear. “I’ll do your chores for the next week.”
Bruce startled when Tony entered the carriage. Tony sat down ignoring his discomfort and pressed the release button on Dummy's claw and set him down on the floor.
"Ah, sweet angel, I can give you that in droves but as it is I'll give you something you want but have refused to ask for."
"Doctor!!" He shouted done with the situation as Clint collapsed against the wall they had barely set up. Tony caught it before it could fall on him. They hadn't set in the plaster. "Bruce!" He screeched trembling under the weight of the wall. Bruce slid into the room just in time to see Clint's eyes roll back in his head as he fainted.
Clint grabbed it and saw the scratches and dents from the fletching and holes from arrow tips. Then opened it carefully.
"Shh...just me." Tony soothed running a hand along Steve's back. Steve sighed his body going limp and falling back onto the bed.
“Look, I didn’t sign up for whatever rich kid shit this is.” Steve said. “I just know that the paramedics are nearby and this little scheme is going to be over.”
Tony stood and fired his own weapon. In a blink the fight was over. The five shifters left alive were snarling in their direction. Tony walked out of the brush Clint right behind him both lowering their weapons. The wolves calmed and the three legged one ran around in circles unsure whether he could come up or not.
Tony swallowed. “On my wedding night my father’s best friend slipped into bed when I was expecting a weasel and bit me.”
Clint and Bucky, fucked, argued, fucked some more and on one occasion actually chose baby names. Tony was surprised when they brought it up at dinner ten days into the other packs stay. He had put money on them calling the twins “Left and Right” until they were walking talking adults.
Steve felt the air leave his lungs. Tony's request to hide was becoming a necessity. He thought of the deep red mark on his neck that refused to fade despite everyone's insistence that his mate was dead and the way he looked warily at Bucky and Clint when they were intimate with each other. Steve sighed slipping Dummy's covered page off his slat of wood and setting a new one up. Dummy was snapping his claw at Jarvis who was still attempting to pick him up. Just like that Steve began to draw.
Ten minutes later had them all in the sitting room Tony and Steve standing with the rest sitting on the furniture.
Steve waggled his finger. "That you are and since you initiated a game of chase I'll play with you."
"It won't," Bruce started only to be cut off by Thor's cock pushing through his folds and into his channel. Bruce groaned feeling a delicious burning stretch. Thor moved so slowly that time stopped.
"Keep your fornicating in your rooms. I built and bought this place and I would like to not see my pack mate sucking cock in the parlor," Tony said snidely his voice fading as his steps receded upstairs.
"Right," Clint said gripping his hand and walking straight into the woods. Bucky almost protested but the image of Clint bent in half his hands clawing at a tree, his belly hanging low to a grassy floor, while Bucky took him, would not leave, so into the woods they went.
Bruce snorted and the movement broke his peace. He pulled his head off Thor’s shoulder and unwound himself mirroring Thor’s posture. “God, no. I just don’t like talking about the uglier things with you.”
“Rhodey, careful on re-entry. There’s an idiot on the landing zone,” she said into the earpiece, it had been something Tony worked on that bounced through all of the relays they had sent out during their trip.
The alarm on his watch went off and Tony gathered all of his supplies before taking the private elevator from the workshop to his bedroom. Steve was soundly sleeping, and Tony knew that the medication would burn out of Steve’s system in another twenty minutes, because Steve had only taken half the dosage.
“Um... well,” Tony knew that this was a loaded question, because he wanted to ask about Steve, but instead moved on to something else. “Why a freshman roommate?”
“My little Morguna,” Tony picked up the little girl and held her closer to them as they watched Miles and Kamala drive away to school. “Yeah they’ll be back.”
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve called out as he walked through the tower. “Tell me you found that cube.”
“What you didn’t think that I knew about the suit, your daughter is a blabbermouth,” she said to Steve and Tony.
“Give him some space and maybe on Wednesday you can come over, since it’s the one day he’s always been at the dorm, mainly because that’s usually when you’re there, so hopefully he’ll try and be there.”
“He’s also Hydra, but who cares about that,” Tony said to no one in particular, he couldn’t really figure out why on earth he was narrating this whole encounter.
He wanted to grumble, he knew that even if they brought everyone back, if they changed everything, it would create more problems than any of them could think about. But in his heart, he still wanted to bring Peter back for May, to bring Laura back for Clint, T’Challa for Shuri, Bucky and Sam for Steve and Natasha. Who had surprised him when he had heard about her past with the Winter Soldier, a past that hadn’t come true for them. They all needed something, but for the Avengers, they needed their family back.
“Do you think, that maybe they would have found each other after we did all of this,” he said gesturing to the world as a whole, though he was sure Steve would understand what he was saying. “Would the brainwashing have given him those memories back?”
“Sir,” Jarvis called out to him while he was in the hallway. “I believe that it is time for Captain Rogers to take his medication.”
“I don’t know, by all means he should have woken up by now, but he hasn’t and I’m not sure why, maybe he needs the mind stone, but we don’t have that and there’s no way to get it either,” Bruce said putting together another calculation on the screen. “You wouldn’t know where we could find another stone do you?”
“We can lose a lot doing this,” he said his eyes on the kids in the car, Morgan somehow draped over Miles and Riri, while Kamala’s head was on Riri’s shoulder. “I’m going to lose a lot in doing this, and it hurts to think that we won’t know the outcome until we risk everything we have.”
By the time Tony was on the ambulance he was ready to freak out, he wasn’t too overly fond of hospitals, having spent most of his childhood trying to fix a heart problem that had developed from being born premature. This was something that had continued well into his teenage years and had only been solved by his need to make everything better and more efficient. Hence the fact that he was allowed a limited amount of work at S.I. and not the full workload that he should have had. His mother worried, his father worked, and Tony just created things to help the company overall. The advanced pacemaker in his chest had saved him, the doctors had repaired most of the problems with his heart over the years. He hadn’t had to stay overnight in a hospital since before he went to M.I.T., but now the prospect of going to the ER was enough to send his brain into a panic.
Tony couldn’t stop the surprise look on his face, even exhausted he was sure that he wouldn’t be able to hide that look. “Really?”
“It matters when one moment you two are fine and the next you’re next to a broken wall because he sent you flying across the room,” Steve huffed at him. “You need to learn to think before you do something stupid.”
“He better not be like that Barnes boy,” his father’s voice came over the phone, he knew that his parents still held some kind of resentment towards Bucky after the break-up, but Steve thought that they were getting better at hiding it from him. “I can’t handle another one like him, Sam is more tolerable than Bucky is.”
“How could you,” Lila yelled, she had come from nowhere anyone had seen to a very haggard looking Clint, “You just left us, I’m not supposed to be taking care of everyone Dad.”
“Funny,” he said but sighed as he pulled away from the calculations he had been running. “I’m not, but I guess maybe it’s what we need right now.”
Bruce looked over at the other man disgusted at what he was suggesting. “First of all, that’s horrible...”
“Among other things,” she said to him, those other things she probably wouldn’t discuss with Tony around because as much as she loved her brother, she needed to have her own secrets.
“Hi mom,” he said smiling to himself. He really loved his crazy family, “I was asking Peter to check the camping equipment for me but then he started fighting with Harley.”
“Here we go,” he said taking a deep breath, before the two of them were off once again into the quantum realm.
“No buts, no nothing, it’s you and me against the world, if I had the chance to do everything all over again, I would still put that plane in the ice if it meant that you were on the other side waiting for me.”
“I’m not sure, I barely talked to him when he was in Wakanda, and when I did take the time to see him it was still a little strange,” Steve said holding Tony close. “We’ll never know unless we try to fix it all, but it’s too late for them if what Clint is saying is true.”
“I’ll cover for you,” Natasha said next to him. “I want to know where they are as much as you, but since mom put that phone ban, no one has their phones here, they’re all in the coat check.”
“Uh... No, that would be Bucky, he stepped out for a minute, I was helping him move in, we drove down today, but no one was here when we got here so we figured that you were at orientation, but now you’re here,” Steve said feeling like he was rambling. “I’m Steve,” he held out his hand hoping that it wasn’t sweaty from bringing everything into the room.”
Tony had only been thinking about sleeping that night, but he knew that this project was huge compared to the first one. “Sure,” he said knowing that another sleepless night awaited him.
Hearing those words from Steve, who had stuck to his man out of time shtick for so long, say that he wanted to try to move forward was a lot for Tony to take in. But he also took them to heart, working with Stark Industries and Pepper, to help with recovery, working on projects while in the garage of the lake house. He wanted to try, just like Steve was trying, but he still couldn’t bring himself to go to NAF and see everyone, that took a lot more time then he was ready for. He still talked to them, on video calls mostly, Rhodey came over to check on him a lot before going on a mission. But mostly, they left him to work on his guilt through the one thing he knew best, and that was building.
Bruce held up his hands, doing what Tony often referred to as jazz hands whenever the kids did something, “Time travel.”
“Ah, I remember that day, I volunteered to help the town after that, it was why I was at our West Coast office for half the year,” Thor said looking at Bruce with hearts in his eyes. “That was before I learned that Bruce was actually from New York as well but studying at Culver University.”
“Yeah you try and keep something from her,” he said with a smile. “Now everyone go wash up for dinner and make sure you drag the rest of the Avengers with you on your way back.”
“So, how was dinner with not Tony Stark?” Bucky asked him as they got everything ready for the opening shift.
Riri went into the house to set up the movie, Kamala following behind while she talked animatedly about school. From what he’s heard, she was very happy there in her first semester. Tony was certain that she would do so much more than she thought she was capable of and he was happy to hear that she was happy.
“You take your coffee too sweet and its gross, I hate drinking it when it’s yours,” Bucky said before pulling on a new shirt. “I have a date tonight, so I shouldn’t drink that shit anyway.”
“Wait, wait, wait, Thor, just wait. We haven't decided who's gonna put that on yet,” Steve said pulling Thor away from the glove, they needed to make this decision with all of their heads on right, and Tony knew that anyone of them could lose an arm because of it.
“A night under the stars would be nice,” May said looking at Pepper with hearts in her eyes, and Tony wouldn’t deny them that opportunity, mainly because he loved them too much.
The moment Rhodey said Carol, Tony couldn’t help but stare at the blonde walking towards them, her hair a little flat after taking off the helmet or at least he thought it was a helmet he wasn’t entirely sure, she had a scowl on her face her eyes looking everywhere as if in search of someone. Tony remembered his best friend’s once crush on a woman named Carol, he remembered seeing her during a visit to the base, before she all but vanished from their lives. Tony had only met her once or twice, he couldn’t remember for certain, those years were a little hazy and there were too many regrets there, but he also remembered that Rhodey had pinned for the woman but never did anything about his feelings, it mostly had to do with another woman at the time. He remembered that it was one of a few times in their friendship where his best friend had gotten shitfaced drunk about the relationship he couldn’t have.
Honestly though, he was mostly excited about seeing Tony again, after their talk before the break Steve started drawing Iron Man and Captain America, he had a notebook filled with drawings. He had even taken his father’s design for Captain America and updated it to better fit in with Iron Man. Even though he hadn’t read any of Tony’s stories he tried his best with the drawings, he wanted to show them to him because for the first time since he was little, he was excited about those comics.
“Fine,” he said his voice low, he wasn’t sure what he should do, he wanted to run over to Tony, to talk to him and fix everything, but then he remembered what had happened when Bucky and him had broken up and he didn’t know if the same tactic would actually work.
Tony wanted to argue with the guy, but honestly he was too tired, “Listen, you’re loud when you get home, or it could just be that I’m a very light sleeper, but I blame that on having siblings who are little shits, even when they’re older than I am, but once I’m awake it takes me a while to get back to sleep so I go to the robotics lab and I work, or I hang out at the library for a little while.”
They stayed there in each other’s arms for another few minutes before venturing back towards the communal area, where Nebula and Bruce talked in hushed words, while looking over at Thor, who had let his own regrets manifest in other ways. Depression was something that all the Avengers were familiar with, they all dealt with it in their own ways, but for Thor, who had lost so much even before the snap, it had gotten to him even more.
“Sorry... what was that,” Tony said as he walked out the door. “I can’t hear you,” he really didn’t want Bruce guilt tripping him over this, it was stupid yes, and Tony did want an excuse to go to the store, but he was second guessing himself, so he was using Bruce as a lifeline so that he could go.
“We will,” Steve told them, but Tony could see the redness in his eyes, and he couldn’t take it anymore, he stood up and walked away going to the one place he could feel at peace, but the moment he saw her room, the door wide open, clothes thrown all over the place, he couldn’t help himself he walked in and sat at the edge of her bed.
“Bombs away,” Scott said to him and while Tony knew the reactor inside and out, it’s probably different from Scott’s point of view. It made Tony wonder what it would be like to be able to shrink down and see his own tech from that size. “Is... is that Axe body spray?”
“Yeah well, I didn’t know you went here either, I came because it had everything I wanted and none of the legacy shit that all of the other schools had been trying to sell, plus... I met Steve,” Tony said, and Steve could see the blush creeping up onto his cheeks.
“I did, I couldn’t get the Hulk to help out during the invasion, I had to rely on Tony’s tech without really knowing how to use it. It felt like failure to me, I’ve been treating the Hulk like he’s some kind of disease for years, something I had to get rid of.”
Miles gained a godmother, in May Parker, who had come over several times after losing Peter, sharing her grief with Tony. She saw Miles’ heart, and how he wanted to help, in him she saw some parts of Peter, but she embraced him as his own person, often working with Miles and Steve on gallery openings, or a mural that she wanted them to paint somewhere in the city.
“But we can’t,” Steve said sighing as he ran his hands up and down Tony’s arms. “But we can go somewhere, get our energy back, and try to find a way to fix it all when we’re ready.”
Instead of moving, Tony plopped himself back down on his pillow, secretly relishing the fact that it smelled like Steve, and stared at the ceiling. The popcorn tiled ceiling was only as distracting as his pillow, in his mind he was thinking about how everything would go wrong in his life. Starting with Bucky’s reaction to them just being in bed together asleep.
“I got my second chance right here, Nat. I can't roll the dice again. If you don't talk shop, you can stay for lunch.”
Digging himself out of the rubble, the first thing he saw was a dark cloud of dust, the entire area was a charred mess around them. Not far from where he was standing, he could see the red white and blue of Steve’s shield, which meant that his husband was nearby. Picking up the shield he went looking for Steve, while looking around for the others.
While Captain America has been adapted into both animated and live-action series the Captain America Movies have grossed over 2.6 million dollars combined since their release. The last movie in the series will be released after the release of the final comic book in 2020.
As he was leaving the room, he could hear the guy yelling out, he knew he was in trouble and it wasn’t just because of Tony he had been caught with his hands down his pants by Natasha of all people. The guy was lucky that she hadn’t outright killed him right then and there, but that was only because Steve had stopped her, and he really didn’t want to be the one that had to deal with the cops because she had murdered someone.
“What about Nat and Tony?” Bucky said and Steve felt guilty, he really wanted to be at the Gala, but this was family. “Steve?”
“Yeah I know it is, but I needed to be an evil professor for a minute,” Tony said with a smile. “But you did good Steve, you’ll pass the class with no problem.”
“He drove us here all night from California, I tried to make him stop but he swore that this what was needed to figure out a way to talk to you guys,” Hope said watching as Scott shoved the sandwich into his mouth like he hadn’t eaten in days.
Without another word she walked out of the office, and all Steve could think about was just how tired he was. He needed to take a day off, because the last week has been a rollercoaster ride, hell the last month alone, but he would just take a few hours alone.
“So, Nat told me, that you should wait at least a day or so before trying to talk to Tony,” Bucky said, and Steve didn’t know what to think about this. “She only said this because I told her about how you had been when we had broken up before freshman year. Tony’s not the kind of person you can bombard like you did with me, she said that you have to try slowly, because he’s going to push you away if you try too much too fast.”
At least the library was quiet, Ty was typing away at Tony’s laptop, finishing the story they had been working on for the last couple of weeks. Tony had done most of the work on it, Ty had just written the dialogue and added things here and there. It was the only thing in the school that he had left, which was alright for that moment.
“Ty you can’t hand that in,” Tony said shocked that Ty was even thinking of submitting it at all. “I wrote half of that story.”
“Okay,” Tony said, he didn’t care about one thing or the other, because maybe in the end all he wanted was to see something Steve had created. “I mean it’s only fair, you read my stories, so I should get the chance to see what you created.”
The room was quiet as they all took in what he was saying to them, he tried to remember all of the things that Sam used to tell him, about recovery after war, about getting over your fears, things that he tried to take in even when it seemed like everything was falling apart. He started this group because he remembered Sam’s work with the VA, he wanted to honor his friend’s legacy by doing something that would make him proud, because there were days when Steve felt guilty for dragging him into the whole Avengers things.
“Yeah, it’s just... Nat I have to prepare myself for this, because if I see Laura, I don’t know what I would do,” he said and they all knew it was something any of them would have struggled with if they were in his shoes. “Let's just get this over with,” Clint said looking at all of the people who had gathered around them.
Since Bucky hadn’t let him sleep much, and Tony had done the homework the moment he had gotten his syllabus’s, or is it syllabi, over the summer, he was way ahead of everyone and used his class time to write his story. This class on the other hand, he hadn’t studied for ahead of time, mainly because he wanted to be surprised. He actually loved writing as much as he loved building things or coding, but his father told him that he couldn’t pursue it as a career. He was allowed to have it as a major as long as he kept up with his real coursework, because his father didn’t want to be disappointed in his son. Natasha was majoring in business, and international studies with a minor in Russian, because she had wanted to know more about the country she had come from. Their father was proud of her, Tony on the other hand, picked writing and his father broke a glass, which had barely missed Tony’s head, before smashing against the wall.
Rhodes started walking towards the door, the sound of his braces reminding Steve of everything the man had lost, “Listen Steve,” he said as he stood at the other end of the room. “I forgive you, honestly, I know you and I have been on different ends of everything involving Tony, but I also know that without you he would work himself to death, and without Tony you wouldn’t have the motivation to keep going. It’s one of the reason I’m certain of this, that you have that stupid beard, you don’t forgive yourself for any of it, but eventually you’re going to shave and Tony is going to blow something up, and you’ll both move on, because it’s what you do, but this time just follow your heart.”
“No this is on both of us, I shouldn’t have run, I was just a little insecure about whatever it was that we were, I had to talk myself into going to that party in the first place, I went into it waiting for you to tell me that that night was all a dream, that you didn’t really want to be with me.”
“Kind of like Captain America and the Winter Soldier, where no matter how much time has passed or how one has changed over the years, they would still be friends.”
“You’re moping again,” Bruce said as he walked into their shared office, because while Tony taught in one department and Bruce in another, their departments shared a building and the offices were all on the same floor, so the two of them had volunteered to be the ones who had to share.
“Steve,” Bucky said from the other side of the door, and Steve knew that he wasn’t ready to talk to anyone. “We need to talk for a sec.”
Steve nodded at him and sat down on Tony’s bed, his back against the wall, Tony sat down right next to him, his body touching Steve’s, his heart beating wildly, if he could stay that way forever he would, but instead he pulled up his latest story, one that had been inspired by him meeting Steve. Tony had been thinking about writing one where Iron Man reveals his identity to Captain America, even writing himself into the role.
“The real question is who exactly are you?” Sharon had asked looking directly at the woman standing at the center of all of the questions they currently had. “And where have you been all of this time?”
It made him happy, it was just what he needed, a distraction from his own thoughts about his failure in fiction writing. The words failure were ringing through his head, but with Steve there, he knew it would be alright, “I’ll help you,” he said to Steve not holding back his smile. “I’ll even give you a prize if you get all of the answers right on a practice test, because of course I’m giving you a practice exam.”
If there was one thing that Tony was never sure about, well it was his brain to mouth filter, because according to Pepper he didn’t have one and had the tendency to tell the world everything. Well not to everyone, just his friends, and apparently now his childhood crush because he really couldn’t stop himself.
Just as he reached the elevator it opened forcing him to rush into a nearby office as the woman from the elevator rushed off with a guard. They were talking about him and Tony and he wasn’t sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing. He was stuck and he wasn’t sure if he was going to have the chance to get out and meet Tony before they caught the two of them.
Everyone went off towards the lab, Tony stayed behind with the kids, as Shuri stood next to him. They were silent for a while, the sun rising in front of them, nothing but possibilities, an endless future, one that they were going to alter for the sake of saving billions of lives.
Before Tony could say anything, Bruce grabbed Thor’s face and made the man focus on him. “Thor, you’ve helped me out of what I had gone through more time than I can count, you’ve always helped me. You’ve encouraged my relationship with the Hulk, you helped me.”
“Here you go,” Steve said with a smile, though Tony almost glowered at him because the coffee wasn’t really black, and he just wanted black coffee, but he was also fighting with himself because it was something that Steve had made for him. “Try it Tony before you say something.”
They were at it for a little while before the cradle sent a shock through the system, Tony thought it could have been an aftereffect of Thor’s powers, but it ended up electrocuting Bruce, and sending out the Hulk for the first time in weeks. The problem with that was the Tony had been right next to him when it had happened, and Bruce had knocked him into the wall on the far side of the room. He didn’t hear the doors open, all he knew was that one moment he was trying to breathe again, and the next Steve was standing in front of him.
Taking the chance, he leaned down and kissed his husband, no one else was watching, of course they weren’t, the two of them were in a closet in an underground SHIELD facility being chased by every guard the facility had, because they broke in here to steal two things.
Once Steve swallowed down his meds he glared at Tony, “You wouldn’t have lasted a day,” Steve said, and Tony only shrugged.
“Oh, good you’re awake,” Steve said as he opened the door, he was wearing a new pair of cotton pajamas, but they were riding pretty low on his hips, giving Tony a good view of the V of Steve’s pelvis, and if he wasn’t so worn out he would have jumped on him again. “I brought dinner.”
“Nope, just you, everything else is something I create, you on the other hand are someone I care for, someone who doesn’t like me because of my family name or because I can further your life.”
“That’s true, your father wouldn’t do anything to go against me, I would kill him if he did,” she said and though Tony knew it was a joke, they all knew to never cross his mother. “But when Thor and Loki came everything changed, hell Clint used to climb into the ceiling vents and drop down in your father’s workshop, scaring the shit out of him. But when Natasha came, and then you, well he softened.”
“You guys can take the car,” Steve said not sure of what he should do. “I’m sure Tony’s cooking dinner and the girls are watching a movie, but I can’t leave them.”
Tony could hear Hulk ranting about taking the stairs as he monitored the elevators as they descended the tower. “All right, Cap. I got our scepter in the elevator just passing the 80th floor.”
“STRIKE team’s coming to secure it,” other Tony said just as what they would later learn was HYDRA’s team, which included Rumlow and Stiwell, entered the room.
“Thor, you’ve lost a lot in the last few years,” Tony said next, “We’ve all lost a lot, but we’re here for you.”
There had been a moment the other night where the Hulk had been walking around, but they had stayed away, mostly because the Hulk was talking with Thor while the other man cried. Tony had pulled him away not wanting to intrude, but something must have happened because Thor had been quiet the next day.
“Yeah, I grew up in a big family, I was the smallest of them all, hell Peter would have outgrown me if it hadn’t been for that growth spurt, I had in High School.”
“Not really,” he said smiling. “I have you, our kids, our home, yes I lost a lot, but I think I did pretty well here, even with everything that’s happened,” the everything had been the thing that’s been hanging over their heads for the last five years, their one biggest failure, the one thing that had cost them more than anyone could ever imagine.
“I’ve been trying to survive for a while,” she had told him. Of course, Tony had an instinct to help, it’s one of the reasons why he was constantly upgrading Peter’s armor even though he wasn’t there anymore, or upgrading things for the Avengers, he needed the hope that they would find a way to help after all of the devastation.
Steve couldn’t believe what he was hearing, he looked over at Nat as if they had found something that they wouldn’t have thought possible.
“When Thanos snapped his fingers, Earth became ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportions,” Rocket said looking around the room while playing with the holograms in front of him. “No one’s ever seen anything like it... until two days ago, on this planet.”
He watched as everyone fought, keeping an eye on whoever needed help, there were so many people fighting with them, so many more lives at stake, he couldn’t figure out what it was going to take to end the fight for good.
It had been two years since, and while Steve had only dated a few people, he couldn’t find someone he really liked, though Bucky had fallen for everyone, and broken a few hearts, he had said to Steve that it was a growing experience. To find and lose love, and he was looking for someone that interested him and would share the same experiences as he would, travel the world, eat at food stalls without getting sick.
“Was it Juice Pops?” she said and he was sure that he wasn’t the one who taught her to use a situation to her advantage, that was Steve all over.
“I’m glad you made the decision to come to this school,” Steve told him as he leaned down and put his forehead against Tony’s. “Before you came here, I felt so lost, the whole thing with Bucky threw me off for so long, I was just going through the motions to just keep going without people noticing that I was being... well different. But Buck told me the other day that it felt like we weren’t even friends for a long time, but with you I felt so happy, and you gave that to me, and I want to have it for as long as you’ll let me.”
“Make sure you bring me back something,” he said trying not to sound defeated about being alone, he could just go and see Rhodey and Pepper, but he wasn’t sure if that would be alright either, mainly because he wasn’t sure where they were during the holiday.
Steve’s paintings went up for auction once a year for the next four years, they funded recovery projects, but mostly they funded orphanages like the one Morgan had come from. The reason was that Morgan was the one that had finally pulled Tony away from his guilt over the decimation, and it was something that he was grateful for every day. To the kids, Steve was Pops who helped them with training if they asked, self-defense, or in Miles’ case, just being an ear for art projects that he was interested in. Tony was Dad, he cooked everyone’s favorite meals, made them gagets, and was homework monitor.
It was a distraction if they ever needed one, the both of them needed something else to work towards outside of being the leaders of a group of superheroes. Tony poured all of his energy into upgrading the building, adding FRIDAY to the inside, while Steve worked on the outside, fixing the flooring, making sure that everything would be inhabitable. They called in plumbers, wearing disguises whenever workers were on the property, mainly because they just wanted to be like any other regular couple trying to find solace after so much devastation. No one questioned why the two of them were there, the people did their work and were paid above premium thanks to Tony. It took them nearly six months before the place was ready, their bedroom had been finished the first week, but everything else took time. They picked out every single thing with great detail, even making sure that they had extra bedrooms in case the others visited. No one ever came in that first year, leaving the two of them alone to work out their grief by working on the house, on the property, on whatever it was that Tony did in the garage. The basement was a gym for Steve, the workshop was in the garage, which was on the side of the house.
As for Tony and Steve, they had spent the summer together, planning the Avengers comic, as well as going camping, which surprised her, but her brother loved it and she wasn’t going to deny him something like that. Steve had asked her if it would be crazy to propose to Tony while they were so young, but she could only tell him to wait at least until they were past the first run of the comic before doing anything. Tony would be twenty-one, and they could celebrate as much as they want. She saw the way that Steve looked at Tony and knew that they would be happy together for a very long time. Plus, she wanted a double wedding, it would be so much fun for her and James to get married on the same day as Steve and Tony, she had it planned out already, now she just had to wait for that day.
“I feel like this is half bribery half coercion,” she said to him and honestly it could have been, but this was how they worked and have worked since they were in school together.
It was painful to watch, and it took everything he had not to breakdown himself, instead of watching as the two continued to talk, he pulled Steve towards the building, motioning for everyone else to follow. The two needed a moment, Clint needed to see what his absence was doing to those who had survived with him.
“Gone,” he said wondering why she hadn’t asked Rhodes about Fury when it looked like they knew each other, but pushed it aside. “How do you know Fury?”
“I bet there’s more to this story,” Tony said wanting to know more about Steve’s life, not just the Captain America side of his story.
“But Steve is hurt,” he said wanted to whine like a child, but mostly because he had his own evil plans, mainly because he hated that Steve had taken that hit for him, but also because Steve was always in control and now he was just bedridden and Tony wanted to take advantage of it.
“I picked this school, not my dad or my mom, my three oldest brothers had gone to Ivy League schools, Clint went to MIT, Thor went to Harvard and Loki went to Yale, so there was a lot to live up to.”
“I’ll be here,” Tony said before nodding and walking away, a book in one hand as the other rubbed the back of his neck.
“We try and move on,” he said even though it hurt to say it out loud. “We get ready for the next threat, and you become the Queen of Wakanda and you help your people, because that’s what they would have wanted.”
“Sure, I mean they’re online so you could find them easily, but if you want, we can read one together, but only if you pass that test, it’ll be a reward for passing.”
“I guess it was something he did before Thanos killed half of every living thing on this planet, and the universe as a whole,” he said to her before turning towards Rhodes. “How do you two know each other?” asking the question that was on his mind from the moment he saw the smile on the other man’s face.
“Because I haven’t asked them yet, and I know you and Coulson control the schedule so can you please help me make this happen, I mean I got tickets to Wrestlemania and I know they would say yes if you let them have the night off.”
Tony wanted nothing more than to step away from the man, he had a few bad memories popping up in his head at the moment and it was making him sick all over again. “I’m fine, just, well long hours, and I had a stomach flu recently,” he said, which really wasn’t a lie when he spewed his guts on the pavement not too long ago.
“We don’t know, she’s usually a quiet child, until she gets sick, lately she’s gotten a few colds, but she never got to the point where she wouldn’t let anyone near her, but she seems to like you,” she told him as the little girl settled into his arms.
“Well in some ways she’s actually a daddy’s girl,” his mother said with a smile on her face. “When your brothers came to us, your father was still gruff, he worked too hard, but the boys made him more willing to change, plus the board liked that he was a father and not a playboy, hell they thought he was cheating on me at one point.”
Steve kissed his husband just as a five-year-old Morgan rushed towards them, nearly toppling them over, because as small as she was, she knew exactly where to hit to bring everyone to their level.
He was going to drop them off with Pepper and Happy, she was going to keep them at her house until they were finished, but Tony wasn’t sure if he would be able to say goodbye to them knowing that he might never see them again. They were his kids, in this universe, in any universe, Steve thought so as well, they were a family, and he knew that a parent would sacrifice anything for their children, and that’s what he was going to do.
She nodded before walking off, he knew that if she cried, she wouldn’t do it in front of someone else. She didn’t show weakness, not to him, not to anyone, but he really wanted her to come out of her shell just a little bit. He wanted to do for her what Yinsen did for him, that second chance moment was what changed his life.
“I didn’t want to make Tony uncomfortable by being in the room without you there,” Steve said and couldn’t help the shy smile that he sent Tony.
“Yeah... not going to happen,” Bucky said walking over as he pulled his wet hair into a bun. “What were you thinking anyway, you know I always do that so why would you stand behind the door?”
“Not a bit, but I figure if you’re as far away from the workshop, he can’t come after you until we finish what we’re doing,” he told her before giving her a hug. “No go and stay with them, I know that Kamala and Miles are up to something, and I love you all but I also don’t trust you to not get into trouble here. You’re the oldest, keep them all out of trouble.”
With a nod she walked off leaving him alone with his thoughts, it was their one shot, he had told Steve that he had figured it out, but he hadn’t worked on what they needed to ensure that the trip would be successful.
“You’ll take them, and when you wake up, I’ll have a special surprise for you, but only if you’re a good boy and take your meds,” he said already tired of the game.
Tony sent her a thumbs up on the last one, ignoring the rest, god he was so tired, but he pointed at Steve so that the blonde could talk about what had happened. Steve took his hand in his and held the phone in the other while looking at Pepper.
In the farthest corner of his sanctuary was a box that had been delivered over a week before, the box contained one Iron Man vibrator, it was going to be a part of the new line of toys coming out in the next quarter, they were more streamlined than the original set, some were more discreet, but this one was just for him and Steve… well mostly for Steve, because Tony already had a collection of toys. For those days when Tony was off on the other side of the world and Steve just wanted some release.
“Anyway, rules, you guys can kiss but please keep it PG I don’t want to walk in on something that I shouldn’t be seeing,” Bucky said shivering as he said it, almost as if the thought of Tony and Steve doing anything would scar him for life.
He just stood against the wall at the other end of the ballroom, playing with the cuffs on his shirt, looking bored, when he really wasn’t, it was just him acting like he didn’t want to be here. Natasha stood next to him a few minutes later almost like she had been there the whole time and not sneaking off to get his phone.
“Tony,” Steve called out worried, but Tony didn’t listen, he couldn’t, he watched as Thanos took the glove from Carol headbutting her, fighting her until he had the glove.
“Give them to me, I’ll make something special out of them,” Steve winked at him as he said it and Tony wasn’t sure if he trusted his own boyfriend at the moment.
“Really Sarah, I’ve gotten you flowers before, and you know how much I love you,” Steve’s father said in his own defense. “See this is what happens when you bring people to this house, I get all the evil stares about how I don’t pamper my wife enough.”
“Can I get a little space here,” Bruce said pressing some more buttons, but Steve was starting to get worried about the whole thing.
“Yeah except you were caught with your pants down,” Thor said keeping the guy in the chair while Steve blocked Natasha.
He knew what she meant, and from the size and age of little Morgan, it meant that she had been born on the day of the devastation, and it hurt to think of it that way. The nurse told him his worse fears, the little girl had been born on a cab on the way to the hospital, when the driver, and her parents were lost. The bag had said the parents last name but no first name, so the hospital called her little girl Morgan. Tony stayed with her the rest of the day, before taking her to a doctor to find out that she had an ear infection and that’s why she was crying so much. When he went back to the building he asked if he could take her with him, and the caretaker only nodded, noting that she was comfortable with him.
Before Tony could say anything, Steve walked towards where the water was and grabbed a bottle, chugging it as he walked towards the register, Tony paid for the water before Steve could pull out his wallet.
“Make sure you talk to Sam,” he said just before she walked out giving him a nod. He turned towards the angry red head in front of him, just as Bucky put his arm around her waist.
Without another word she walked off, her heels clicking on the tiled floor, Steve couldn’t help but be impressed, not because of her words, but because he had been threatened by two people Tony knew, and neither of them flinched when it came to what they’ve said to him. He knew he should never cross them, because he liked to stay intact, but also like they have said, to him Tony deserves the world. He wondered if he could get them to go after that guy that Tony had been talking about after leaving the library the other night, but instead decided to let Tony handle how he was going to deal with it. Not because Tony would be vindictive, but because Tony was good at using his words, in his world he could weave a story like no other and because of that he trusted Tony to fight his own battles. If Tony asked for back-up when the time came, Steve would be there waiting for him.
Bucky stood suddenly and the rest of the packs restless air began to grate against the babes ease causing them to fuss. “What?” He asked bouncing the kid.
Clint turned to look at Bucky who kissed the jut between his jaw and throat. “Do I get a little extra for making the impossible possible?”
Clint looked down at Bucky and rolled his hips just so, watching the flush ride up his neck. Gray frustrated eyes looked at him from thick brows and shaggy brown hair. Yes.
The two nodded and walked off to their horses that had been tied to the banister. Steve watched them go until he couldn't see them on the horizon anymore. Tony came to stand next to him.
The two nodded exiting the room, presumedly to tell Captain. Bruce and Clint looked to him once the front door creaked shut.
Bucky chuckled and rubbed Clint's back pulling him into his side. "I know, my dear." Bucky kissed his head and whispered. "I can wait."
Stane shoved him away and straightened his clothes. “You’re not going to win this.” He said. “I’ve known Tony since he was a child. Raised him. He’ll always come back. That’s what I taught him to do.”
Thor sat next to Bruce during lunch and then scooted closer. Bruce looked up at him and then stuffed his face with mashed potatoes. Thor smiled and took a bite of his food. Bruce scooted closer so their legs touched. That was enough for them.
“Thank you for the opportunity to try again,” he said lips pressed against Clint’s neck. Clint couldn’t help but smile.
"I would appreciate if you wouldn't discuss my attributes so loud, Mr. Barton," Steve said walking by them and out the back door.
“Tony! Are you coming?” Bruce asked from the door way. Tony folded the paper and stuffed it in his pocket.
"I won't go any further, little omega until you tell me what you want," Thor said maintaining the slow rhythm. Bruce felt restrained by his clothes needing Thor's skin on him. To see if he was...
Rogers stepped back and grabbed Thor to pull him back too. The relief was overwhelming and Bruce was able to breath again as his cage opened up.
Tony wrapped his arms tighter and pulled him into a far more hurried kiss. “I don't know what. You'll see when you come back.”
T’Challa smiled and returned to his book. “Thor, you and I are magnificent fighters, but we will never be as dangerous as someone who fights with nothing to lose.”
Shopkeepers would not allow him to buy. He could grab a slice or bread or two but his status and his haggard appearance spoke only of disgrace. They turned him away to the point he had to bribe a mother walking home just to cut his hair. She did more than that and even allowed him a bath. Tony left Jarvis and Dummy in the carriage hidden between one building and the next. He did not stay long. Leaving just after his bath. The woman caught his arm.
Tony hummed done with the conversation. Loud awkward footsteps brought both their attention to the doorway.
"Are you planning on courting me?" Tony said without looking. He was still naked not seeing the use for propriety when he was going to be shifting again so soon.
“I love you despite the mess.” She leaned down and kissed his forehead. “Continue your clothes washing. We’ll return by dusk.”
Tony pulled Dummy out and set him upright on the table. Dummy rolled his little arm waving as it 'looked' around until he fell into Jarvis' lap. Jarvis put him dutifully back into the bag. Bruce chuckled.
Clint awoke to the sounds of screams. He began popping a tit for one of the two cubs to suck on. They both looked the sam unless naked and Clint was too tired to judge himself for not telling the difference. He was pulling his shirt down when he realized they were both still asleep and the entire pack was looking towards the back of the house. It wasn't the babes.
“Yes.” He said finally voice sleep hoarse. Everything is fine. Jarvis was walking to the door Dummy following closely at his heels.
"Yes, Mr. Stark." Clint said walking back the way Tony came. The other pack followed him the white wolf edging in close. The shifted alpha stayed.
Steve was ready to be home. He had money, their pack would be safe to become fat and happy and he missed Tony. He missed the smell of iron and the heat of the kiln. He missed the whir of Dummy's wheels and the sharp pinch of his claws. He missed Natashas quiet sarcasm and Sams wry expressions. He missed the rich scent of Bruces cooking and overwhelming sound of the twins screams. He missed Clint's body sprawled on every available surface sleeping, mouth open usually a baby or two on his breast. He missed, he missed. Tony. The smiles, the conversations the jokes, and quiet company. He was legally Tonys mate but that meant nothing without the man beside him.
Steve bonded with her that day, both of them finding comfort in just talking about their families and their lives since the snap, he kept in contact with her and then called her when he had starting thinking about proposing to Tony. It was late Spring when they had made it to the now sleepy area, Tony had rushed around looking at all the projects with a gleeful stare, talking to each and every student individually about what they were working on. None of them asked why the Avengers hadn’t fixed what had happened, they must have known that somethings couldn’t be fixed, they were scientists after all.
“I was ten when I found this place, and I kept coming in here and buying things, it’s weird and I could probably tell you a million things, but let's just say that she treated me kinder than most people, I was the youngest kid in my class, it’s the whole genius thing, but she just treated me like a kid who liked to read.”
“What’s going on?” Bruce said, only to turn to see Shuri laughing next to him. Steve knew that this was going to be a disaster, just from the smiling and laughing that Hope and Shuri were doing. Bruce started recalculating before pushing a series of buttons.
With the help of Barnes and Thor, they had Steve set up in Tony’s room, his legs set up on a special pillow that Tony had JARVIS order to be delivered the moment they got back to the tower, all the while Steve was grumbling about being stuck in bed. Out of all of them, Steve was the most active person, if he wasn’t in the gym, he was drawing, at SHIELD or with Tony doing a number of things. The things he did with Tony varied depending on their mood, and how tired Steve was trying to make Tony just to get him to stop thinking enough to go to bed. But and injured Steve was a monster, he yelled and screamed at those who tried to help he, but Tony knew it had more to do with his life before the serum and not the actual injuries he had sustained.
“Alright. Uh, well. This channel is always active. So, anything goes sideways... anyone's making trouble where they shouldn't... comes through me,” Natasha continued he work without stopping, her sandwich sitting in front of her.
Climbing his way up until his dick was near Steve’s face, Tony slicked up his fingers and smiled at his boyfriend. “Open wide,” he said as he inched his way onto Steve’s lips, though Steve didn’t open his mouth like he had hoped, instead he took a tentative lick, like it was a lollipop that he was going to slowly savor. Tony pushed himself forward a little until Steve opened wide and took him in inch by inch, circling Tony’s dick with his tongue as he did. With a flick of his wrist he opened the bottle up again and poured enough lube into this hand so that he wouldn’t have to touch the bottle again for a while.
“Not a sidekick, more like a partner, or even a team, Iron Man was mine, but Nat created her own and we wrote stories about this team of superheroes, and we called them the Avengers,” Tony was smiling but he probably didn’t know that he had Steve hooked on this, Steve had always hated the character, and everything that had come with it, but seeing it from Tony’s point of view changed something in him, because what if Captain America wasn’t just one hero, well outside of his brothers own characters that his father had created. What if there was a team there with him? Helping him, instead of the regular comics his dad had been writing for them for years.
“I can hear you thinking over there,” Tony said from the bed, his voice hoarse as his eyes stayed close. “I’m in pain but I’m not stupid enough to not know when you’re standing there.”
“Okay,” Tony answered his face feeling flush, “But also because since I’ve been here, I’ve gotten to know you and Bucky, hell Nat and Jan are here too, and they would kill me if I even tried to leave, and I built a robot with a fully functioning AI inside of it, and while one of my stories hadn’t panned out in class, I did like all of the other ones I wrote.”
“I wonder just how small it really is,” Sharon said before going back to her spot next to Sam. “Especially with all of the misunderstandings going around.”
Nebula was looking at him, her eyes still stoic as ever, but there was something in her eyes, and it just made Tony grab her and give her a hug. She was one of his kids, like Peter, Vision and Harley, like his bots and his girl FRIDAY.
“Hey,” Tony said with a smile, though it was not as big as the one he had given Steve and he knew this. He saw the library cart that Ty had, though filled with books, Tony doubted that the guy had actually done any work before spotting him at the table.
Somewhere in the compound, Tony knew that there were other couples having the same conversation, they were all on a preverbal suicide mission. They all had people who loved them and cared for their safety, Tony wasn’t sure if he would survive if something happened to any of them. They were his family, the one built from scraps. Losing wasn’t an option, not anymore, because they had already lost, and once had been enough for all of them.
If there was one thing that Steve was certain of, it was that he wanted to take Tony out on a date, and with the semester winding down, he knew that they were both busy with literally everything. They hadn’t seen one another since that night, and he hated it, but Tony was stuck writing some massive paper, and Steve had work and his classes. He should have been angry about not being able to see Tony, but he was still flying high on the thought of Tony and him doing anything together, even if it meant that they were meeting each other’s families.
“Color me surprised that Bruce was your brother, I should have noticed he looks like your dad,” Tony said before yawning once again. “My mom is very good at organizing things, especially her own children, so the moment she saw us with our phones... well at first she wasn’t very happy because she has this blanket rule against phones at any function, we usually have to leave them behind...
Letting Scott and Hope into the building was one thing, but their crazy plan well that was another. It was something that Steve wasn’t sure that he was prepared to deal with, but he saw the hope in Natasha’s face, it was a second chance for her.
Out of one of the portals, Doctor Strange steps forward, and from the looks of it those who had perished on Titan five years before stood next to him. Steve couldn’t help but smile when Spiderman landed next to Kamala, while his son stood stunned as he saw the Iron Spider armor that Tony had told him about.
“I’m an only child so I wouldn’t really know, but since I was always at Steve’s house, it was like having an insanely large extended family,” Bucky told him with a smile, and it made Tony wonder the why of his relationship with Steve and why it hadn’t worked out according to Jan. “What are you planning on majoring in?”
“No, Steve, just no, I mean at first I said it that way because I was afraid of… well you not liking me, but it never went that way with Ty.”
“Your dad’s not homophobic, is he?” he asked afraid of what would happen if Tony actually got to the point where he could actually ask Steve out on a date.
It was move in day at the college, Tony had applied to a million schools, even some Ivy League schools, but in the end settled for going to the same college as his sister. His older brothers had all gone to big fancy schools, and even though he was a genius, his mother had always told him to make sure and live his life too. She had given him his love of writing and playing music, though he preferred writing over going to concerts. So, when he had started applying for colleges, he had decided to have writing as one of his majors, his brother Clint had told him that he was crazy, but Tony was smart and wouldn’t have problems keeping up.
“I’ll make sure we both get back, alive and well,” he said to her, it was more of a promise to himself than to anyone else.
Slowly grabbing the vibrator, he gave Steve’s rim one last kiss before he pulled out his fingers and replaced them with the toy. It was beautiful to see his colors in Steve’s ass, Tony felt like he should salute himself at that point, but instead he worked his way up, kissing mini Cap as he did, and watching it jerk wildly. The ring was keeping Steve from coming, and unless super soldier strength extended to breaking his dick out of confinement, it was going to stay there for a good amount of time.
They did just that, they were just going to focus on themselves and keeping their little family safe. Riri and Kamala became fast friends, which was something that they both needed, someone to be there for them. With Steve and Tony as their foster dads, life at the lake house had become strangely fascinating for the four of them. Their family growing, everyone had lost someone close to them, they were all finding their way to move forward. Tony smiled when he would hear the girls laughing in their room, it felt nice to give someone hope again, to give them the chance to be happy again.
“It’s Quantum Physics Steve,” he said, and he knew it sounded childish while he said it, but Steve just smiled at him.
“That wasn’t supposed to happen, was it?” Scott said and Tony wanted to slam his head against the marble tiling on the ground.
"I know you got a lot on the line,” Hope spoke for the first time. “You got a husband, and kids. But I lost people who were very important to me. A lot of people did. And now, now we have a chance to bring them back. Bring everyone back. And you're telling me that won't even...”
“I started reading the comics because I had been bullied in school for being too small, I was in advanced classes when I was young, but my mother didn’t want me to skip too much and miss having a normal school life either. So, Natasha and I had a lot of similar activities growing up, things we could do together, we were the youngest in the family so of course we’d be together all of the time.”
“To come home to my room, you know normal things like that, plus I have a date tonight unlike the two of you who decided that getting together meant napping and not going out.”
“Yes, and he remembers everything, he’s been asking for you all, he’s been asking for Wanda too, but I haven’t told him anything,” she said looking at him with a worried look in his eyes. “I don’t know what to do.”
Scott raised his hand like they were in a classroom taking notes which was weird on it’s own. “Is that a person?”
“Well I based the other two on my brother Clint, and of course the Black Widow is Natasha, she picked that name and created the back story of a Soviet KGB trained ballerina spy, because she had wanted a character that would be like her but also have a back story to tie in the Winter Soldier,” he explained, Natasha had been the one to originally write the character, she had liked the tragedy of the Winter Soldier storyline and had wanted him to have someone outside of his ties to Captain America. It was also one of the last things that she had written for him and he kept using it in the years afterwards.
“Come on,” Steve said opening the door, let's get you to bed, maybe some sleep will help you, plus I want to tell you about our date tomorrow.”
It took half an hour before they were both cleaned up, Tony showering after Morgan finished her bath, he tried to figure out how to get a new television into the house before Steve got back, but it was impossible to accomplish and he knew it. They didn’t sell that model anymore, and Tony had promised Steve that he wouldn’t buy anything unnecessary so he was out of luck on that one.
“You made me cookies,” Tony said looking at him with stars in his eyes. Steve nodded towards the plate next to his bed and when Tony turned to see the plate he smiled. “We can even give Mr. Jarvis the rest of the night off.”
“I brought some tea as you suggested Mr. Rogers,” Jarvis the butler said, walking in with the tray in his hand. Steve automatically stood up to help the older man, he looked like he was his grandmother’s age, he wondered why the man was still working.
“Crashing our date are we,” Steve said as Bucky settled in next to them, Natasha sitting on his lap. “Don’t you have something better to do?”
“Thanks,” Tony said grateful to hear it from someone who has had such a huge success with their writing, whether or not Tony was blushing at that moment... well he wasn’t going to discuss it.
“Anyone see an ugly, brown van up there?” Steve asked and Tony laughed, it really was an ugly thing.
By the time he had finished with everything, well enough to make Pepper happy at least, nearly two days had passed, and Steve was already out of his casts. Luckily for Tony, Steve was still obligated to be on bedrest for one more day. There was also the matter of the pillow Steve had been using, because while it had been specially ordered, it was a part of his secret toy chest, and had been modified before it was put into his bedroom. Yes, it’s a sex pillow, but the others didn’t need to know this, they all thought that it was just for Steve’s legs, and while it was good for that, Tony had put special restraints in them. It was probably a gross misused of the alloy he used on the suits lately, but since he reinforced the restraints to Steve’s modifications well… he was planning on having his way with his boyfriend at one point.
"Bigger than his?” he said pointing at Steve and Tony’s house, pointing at where Tony had been standing.
“Gotta say, sometimes I miss that giddy optimism,” he said to Steve knowing that it was a jab at how Steve had been when they had first met, “However, high hopes won't help if there's no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise.”
“I don’t think that we’d lose anything Tony,” Steve said to him. “We’ve already gained so much, maybe we’d just get something even better.”
“NO MORE STAIRS,” Hulk yelled out and Tony knew at that moment they were fucking screwed, because the moment he looks up he sees Loki look at the Tesseract before grabbing it and disappearing. Even as Thor resuscitated the other Tony, they were screwed because that’s when they noticed that both the case and Loki were gone.
I'm almost done rewriting the movie, literally the next two chapters will end where the movie ends, and anything after that will become the new version of the story.... the happier version.
“It’s not, it’s actually really romantic in a way... I don’t think anyone has ever really said something like that to me.”
The Hulk stood there for a moment, it was the most normal thing that Tony had ever seen, almost like Bruce had him in control, but the moment was gone when the Hulk smashed his way through one of the glass walls, grumbling about being woken up. From the other side Valkyrie and Nebula followed the Hulk after rushing over from the sound, Hulk acknowledging the Asgardian as if they were friends before pushing his way down the hallway.
“Isn’t it a little too late for that?” Steve asked him as Tony slowly slipped his fingers out, grabbing the lube to slick Steve up for the next round of their little adventure.
“Yeah whatever you punk,” Bucky threw one’s of Tony’s pillows at him before grabbing his leather jacket. “Now come on, I’m dragging you to this party, Sharon is going to be there and she’s been asking for you for a while.”
Natasha stopped reading the article as she looked over at her brother who was currently sitting on his boyfriend’s lap. James had gone to pick up their dinner, earlier and now they were just sitting there eating a pile of Chinese food from Tony and Steve’s favorite place from the other side of town. The article had been published earlier in the day, but none of them had known about it until Natasha had gotten an email from her mother asking about her brother’s story. Mainly because it had reminded her about that time that their father had yelled at Tony for wanting to dance. The story was truthful about Natasha teaching her brother to dance, but the story deviated at some points becoming something close to a young boy learning to fly from just dancing.
At those words, Steve didn’t move, well his body didn’t move, those baby blues were taking in everything that Tony was doing, after the first snip of Steve’s pajama bottoms, his lips opened up and a little hint of Steve’s pink tongue peaked out. Instead of cutting them all of the way Tony moved to the other leg and snippet just enough before putting the scissors down. Steve’s eyes were losing their patience at Tony’s slow work of his pants, but this was supposed to be a punishment not a reward, plus delayed gratification was what he was going for.
“Holy shit man,” Bucky said before he burst out laughing at the sight in front of him. Steve didn’t say another word, dropping Buck’s stuff on the empty bed wanting to run away from the room as fast as possible. But there was something else on the wall that caught his attention, it was a rendering of a metal suit, it was strange to see, but this wasn’t a character that his father had created. The more he looked through the pictures the more he saw of this metal man, next to Captain America.
“Listen, there’s too much happening around here and I don’t know how I would have taken it if you had died on some godforsaken planet, and I swear I should have quit for real years ago, but and your no Pepper, you have to do this, you wouldn’t have an opportunity like this again bullshit and I listened,” she had run out of steam, sitting down in one of the vacant chairs next to the bed. “Tony, I know we’re not together anymore, but I can’t lose one of my best friends not after what happened.”
“Well you said dress warm, what was I supposed to do, but I’m glad... I kind of like the little jealousy thing you had going,” he really was turn on by it, and he shouldn’t be, but it wasn’t like Steve was aggressive, it was more about having Tony in Steve’s clothes, which was cute and hot at the same time. “You’re adorable Steve Rogers,” Tony said just as Steve started the car, before Steve had the chance to shift into drive Tony pulled him into a kiss.
Tony didn’t want to cry, he really didn’t but he knew what it meant, not just for him but for all of them to have someone to anchor them to home. They could fight each other until they were laying on the ground dying, but what they needed the most was each other.
“Tony,” someone yelled but Steve felt everything muffle around him, all his saw was Tony’s still form in his arms. “Shit, get a stretcher,” the voice said Steve felt like everything had gone backwards so fast and he couldn’t stop it. The cradle sparking again next to him this time sending a shock towards him.
Steve laughed at him before turning his head up and giving him a kiss. “Well at least now we know that you’re her favorite.”
Bucky stood there for a moment just looking at him before sighing and grabbing his jacket, “Come on, we’re going to go eat first, that way we can get to know each other, and maybe afterwards you can take a nap or something, because you look dead on your feet.”
Steve stared down at them so small and vulnerable. He was unsure if he'd be confident enough to one hand them.
The sanctuary was very flowery and moved once a week to another town trying to sell off omega’s to the highest bidder. Tony was previously mated and used material wasn’t sold so he was relatively safe stealing from their ‘charity.’ Three weeks of being with the despicable humans did Tony finally leave and find himself a boarding house that accepted lone omega’s. It was there that he finally found himself with the prospect of creating a pack.
"Of course not, Barnes," Clint said getting out of the chair. "But I am not in the mood to see you right now."
Tony shrugged and reached down for more water, Jarvis coming up and helping him with his own jug. "You’re not a burden at all. The only one in the cart was Dummy before and he was getting rather lonely."
“Ah.” Tony said absently patting the flames out with one gloved hand. “Steve, dear, could you have him lay down on one of the tables. I just got the last skin rune done.”
Clint shook his head. "None of that matter except that pack of alphas also contains this alpha," he said gesturing to his belly.
Tony blinked as though he did not think of it. His ears tinged with pink. "That's fine I do not want to see the colors I just want to see the life. If you'll excuse me I must shower. Meet you at the work shop in an hour."
Bucky straightened and turned so they were facing the same direction. “I told him I’d come back for him.”
“Sam visited last night! Pack meeting.” He yelled. Steve whisked him away right around the time he noticed it was Bucky opening the door. Tony walked down the stairs at a brisk pace forced by Steve’s persistent hand.
Clint rolled his neck opening it up. "Yes. You're it. Me, you, and the babes in my belly. That's all we need."
Steve stood in the sitting room and watched the little automatons clean the house. Dummy would move continuously but Jarvis would stand completely still his clockwork slowing, and then break out of what could be a stupor with a quick shake and start cleaning and readjusting Dummy’s movements.
Tony watched it all feeling almost disconnected from his body. This was his in a way he understood to the coyote singing through his veins. Bruce handed him a bowl and began talking about plant cross breeding and he was wrapped half mindedly into a conversation grounding him to the rest. His other half was thinking about how to keep these few. Bucky he could do without but Natasha, Sam… If they were able to submit he’d be able to make a good back. They’d be safer with Natasha and Sam and Thor. Good food and hearty company would help. Captain Rodger’s staying was key. They had left Clint for the man, why ever they chose so Tony couldn’t see. Wooing them to stay would not be hard as long as Captain Rodger’s was there. Tony turned to Bruce and asked him to bring out the pies. He briefly touched Clint’s neck and stood up. To his surprise three of the four alphas tilted their necks to the side in acknowledgement. Fucking Bucky. Tony smiled.
“Have you read any Shirley Jackson yet?” Natasha asked. Her jaw tightened and she hid a wince. Damn him. Being so easy to talk to. So distracting. So handsome.
Tony collected the money and then took at his place on top of a few abandoned desks to count the winnings and do the math. He unhooked the chalkboard that hung above his head and began to write down the number adjustments. As usual most people didn’t place their bets on Bruce. Idiots. Everyone whose seen Bruce fight knows that he fights as though he might die if he doesn’t win. He’s the scrawniest of Tony’s fighters but the strongest one also. He continues to go and go and go never stopping until the bell has rung. Tony’s seen him fight through a broken nose, a sprained wrist, and once a broken arm. The kid just has that psychotic edge that when hit means he can’t stop.
“If he gets hurt because of you I will not hesitate to kill you.” She murmured as the car pulled away.
His hand was now tightly gripping the other man's bag and his own identical bag, stuffed with fake doctor's papers, was now closer to the stranger. Yepsem didn't seem to notice the switch and instead focused on helping up his alleged acquaintance. Steve almost felt bad scamming the friendly man.
Steve Rogers was completely naked, fine droplets of water were still on his broad shoulders from his shower. Hair damp and perky butt on display, the man looked unbelievably model like. The soldier was using crutches, Tony couldn’t imagine where he’d been keeping them, but as he was putting a large amount of weight on them the muscles in the backs of his arms bulged nicely. Tony’s jaw fell open at the sight. He’d refused to allow Steve to take up any space in his brain until last night so he’d never had a chance to fantasise over the man’s adonis like body. From that distance he couldn’t quite see the faded scars that littered his side and back. The super soldier was rifling through some drawers in search for some fresh clothes.
Steve glanced around the precinct as each detective sat at their desk typing up case results, events or just secretly browsing social media. So far only Natasha, who happened to be watching him at this very moment, seemed suspicious of what had happened between Tony and Steve during their undercover mission which had completely changed the atmosphere between them. She kept asking him questions about the task that she usually wouldn’t care to ask. As he continued surveying the scene whilst trying to consider who may be suspicious, he accidently made eye contact with her again and she jerked her head towards the old case file room before stalking off. Steve recognised the signal; it was well known around the precinct that if a private conversation needed to be held then the files room was the place to hold it.
After a few more minutes he began to march towards the Doctor's workplace in the hopes of heading him off. Everything was relying on the dark satchel that was swinging in his hand as he rushed forward.
Phil glanced between them suspiciously for a moment before smiling, “That’s great! Don’t let me disturb you.” He began rummaging through files in a nearby box.
Natasha marched in seconds later with a stretcher she had found aboard the jet. Wordlessly, she lay it out beside the injured person and together all three of them managed to hoist his huge frame onto the stretcher. They had Steve in the jet and in the air less than a minute later.
The smaller man loitered by the door as if waiting for something but, just as Steve opened his mouth, the smaller man opened the door and marched out quickly.
"When you watch him for as long as I have, you'll learn he has a method." But she didn't seem to care how stalkerish that sounded.
The man, he later discovered to be Nick Fury, answered, “You’ve been asleep, Cap. For almost seventy years.”
Stark jolted as Clint slapped his hand against the detective’s back, “Good to have you back. It wasn’t the same without you, man.” The comment was only in passing but he could feel Barton’s handprint long after the man had left.
The weapon was instantly hit from his grip sending it on the floor under this assassin's feet. In his mind he cursed himself for jumping blindly in while assuming it was some petty thief behind the wheel. He swore out loud until he noticed the grinning little shit sat behind the wheel.
The details in the brief had specified that the man's apartment was on the 5th floor of a large apartment building but he did have a window that fed directly onto a fire escape. Even from this distance, Clint counted the floors, he could see his target's light was on suggesting he was home or maybe paranoid of burglary.
On the flight he got everyone on board up to speed with what had happened. The medic had looked concerned at the news while Natasha merely rolled her eyes at Steve's antics; Surely he should be at least trying not to die while he has the whole of America relying on him. He could do it later.
Steve shrugged it off slightly, “It gives me flashbacks to the war. It would be night and pitch black but you’d be trying to sleep whilst knowing danger was only a few hundred yards away and that tomorrow could be the last. It was almost worse at night than any other time.”
Sorry for the wait for the epilogue! It was my birthday this week so was off celebrating instead of writing!
He knew it was right but he’d actually begun to actually like Steve Rogers over the last few months so was going to do anything possible to convince the other man he was wrong. His instinct was to crack a joke and laugh it off but he knew that after this long with Steve feeling forced upon Tony’s friendship then it wouldn’t just go away. He wanted to start again with a blank slate.
Everyone was pushing out cases at a rapid pace as a report on their monthly arrest figures was due at the end of the working day and they needed every arrest they could to ensure their precinct remained above the average standard. If they fell below too often cuts would be made inside the office meaning colleagues would be lost. Fury was watching them like a hawk from inside his office; on a day with such a deadline he wasn’t about to allow them to slack off by gazing at each other.
Steve blinked at the man for a moment, “Are you using your ‘Living with PTSD Seminar’ knowledge about my relationship?”
He looked up to see Steve's blue eyes gazing down at him with a soft smile. The rain was the only noise for a moment as they peered into each other's faces.
The next day Tony dressed and was ready to leave his flat in record speed. He didn’t want to admit it out-loud but he could feel the excitement and intrigue bubbling inside him. To avoid being ridiculously early to Roger’s office, Tony decided to grab a coffee from his store and settle down in the window seat with a great view down the street. He watched with interest as a few people came and went from the door he’d shortly enter in.
Steve could tell someone was in his apartment when he arrived home. He opened the door silently and breathed quietly as he could hear movement from deep within the building. He’d never had anyone break in before but he had heard of other police officers who’d experienced criminals breaking in for revenge. The detective snuck in further and could see a figure in the lit kitchen rummaging through his refrigerator.
"What?! How did he get past me?" Gobsmacked, Stark began to race towards the elevator. How on earth had the assassin managed to sneak behind him in the 5 minutes he'd left the room? He hadn't even left this floor so the man must have passed through the same room as Tony was in to leave.
His distraction continued throughout the morning until Captain Fury summoned them all for their regular Monday morning briefing meeting. All the detectives dragged themselves in to the conference room wearily; nobody was exactly upbeat for this Monday morning. Squeals filled the room as the chairs got shuffled around.
“Thank you,” Tony’s hands were still placed under his leg and, even though it wasn’t his flesh, the action felt somewhat intimate and Steve couldn’t help the blush from rising to his cheeks. He’d never seen this side of Tony before and he’d have to take some time to think about what this meant.
Rogers conceded to her point and agreed to leave after he’d tidied up the mess. He moved slowly to increase the time before he’d actually have to come face-to-face with the other detective. Even if he was destined to work with the man it didn’t mean he had to be enthusiastic about the prospect. Finally, after what must have been an age he brushed the dust off himself and stepped out of the data room begrudgingly.
The old man tried to run but Steve was quickly on his tail. A thug aimed for Steve to stop his pursuit but Tony shot at his arm causing the man to drop the gun. This allowed the taller detective to grab the drug lord and handcuff him in mere seconds. Once the commotion was over the two boys peered around the bar and suddenly Stark scoffed a laugh.
Steve agreed and they cuddled up together under the blanket. Tony knew that the rest of the team would laugh if they could see Tony Stark, Playboy millionaire, being a complete softy but it was worth it for Steve.
The man gestured that he wanted to write so Stark padded off to find some paper and a pen. Successful from his trip, he returned brandishing his items. He dropped them on the couch between them and watched carefully as Steve scribbled out a sentence in surprisingly neat penmanship.
They continued making out as Steve’s hand snaked down between them and grasped his member. Tony gasped into their kiss and it only encouraged the other man to stroke faster and harder. The billionaire could feel himself being wretched towards the precipice and he knew he was going to come any moment. Just the thought of Steve Rogers jerking him off sent his stomach muscles clenching and his eyes screwing up.
The other man paused in his pacing to throw a disgusted look at Steve. He spoke after only a heartbeat though, “You’re being irrational. I don’t need sex, Steve. I need to be here with you.”
A voice suddenly called out to him, causing his heart to race even faster than Steve thought was possible. The voice had to speak again before the first avenger managed to switch his focus to its source.
A voice called over the speaker with an alarm blaring behind her, "Intruder on floor 3. West wing. Floor 3. Unidentifed male."
The man spoke, “At ease, soldier! Look, I’m sorry about that little show back there, but… we thought it best to break it to you slowly.”
Steve forced his eyes open to see he was in a large bedroom on a spongy king sized bed with a particular ego centric billionaire sat on a chair beside him, smart phone disregarded the moment the assassin had twitched. He smirked, "Ah, but I said nobody cares anymore and I'm not a nobody. I'm a mega celebrity, playboy and philanthropist. Definitely a somebody."
He smiled in the direction of his colleague’s retreating figure and shook his head with a newly developed fondness.
It was a week later when Steve felt his cell phone vibrating against his thigh. He cursed it silently before dropping his gun and slipping the cell out of his deep pocket. His eyebrow raised slightly at the number he didn't really recognize and, shuffling along the floor in his crouching position, slipped further into the darkness of the alley to answer it.
He stepped back to allow Tony entrance and followed the man through to the small apartment living room. While Steve apologised for the mess and began to shuffle together the papers, Tony was trying to put into a percentage just how much tidier Steve’s apartment was than his.  He tried to figure out what their age gap was because his apartment looked more like a college student’s den than an actual adult’s home like Steve’s; there was even a real plant on the window ledge.
He sat, watched and drank until it was finally a social acceptable time to show up for a 9am meeting. Throwing on his jacket, Tony marched out the door and down the street to where the large warehouse was situated.
Tony Stark, on the other hand, had become anxious regarding their introductions as Coulson had practically delivered a 35 minute presentation on how Stark could sometimes be an ass (phrased a lot more democratically) and as a result, Tony, offended by Coulson’s comparison between him and Steve, didn’t want Steve involved with the team at all. Besides, Stark had practically been raised on Captain America hero worship from his dad so was just about sick of the man already. As far as he was aware, the man hadn’t done anything to deserve their praise and respect.
There was silence at they stared at each other. Cap's mind was ticking over at 100km as he fought an inner conflict. Mind versus heart.
Steve’s eyes darted down to his right leg. Whole body freezing, he stared at the empty space where his lower leg would be. He couldn’t breath as he attempted to move his leg and hissed between his teeth at the pain. He looked up at the stranger.
Now it was Tony’s turn to cry as he leant in and kissed Steve. He held the man gently to avoid touching his battered body but the kiss transferred all the emotion Tony couldn’t say and didn’t even know how to begin describing.
He doesn’t know when he falls asleep but is jolted awake by the sound of the front door being closed. His mind followed Steve’s progression as he listened as the man shucked his jacket, pulled off his shoes and lined them up (and also pushed Tony’s further in line) before following the soft light into the living room. Tony felt a familiar warmth spread through his chest at the sight of his husband in his tight white shirt and tie. The white made his honeymoon tanned skin glow brightly.
Steve laughed again, “Of course! It’s a hard adjustment and I’ve had to live with some bad prosthetics in the past but the accident allowed me to become Captain America. Without it I never would have met you or lived all of this.”
Tony blanched, “Steve?!” for some reason, he had never expected Detective Rogers to be the type of man to be proficient in evasive driving like that. He began to argue again the man but Steve raised a hand to silence him.
Despite the party, Steve and Tony couldn’t stop thinking about the best man speech. Clint had made it so personal and special for them. They’d need to thank him profusely.
“Not for long. Once you’re done you can come back here and snuggle up since I know how sleepy and cuddly you get afterwards. It’s a win-win. I get a happy, snuggling, placated Tony and you can work it out of your system.” He smiled, “Think of it as no different to going for a run when you’re feeling stressed.” Tony never ran but he understood what Steve was trying to get at.
Suddenly, a large chunk of metal, probably from the concealed mothership, shot passed him, plummeting to Earth at a mind boggling speed. He called out over the intercom to warn those below them.
The sound of glass bottles jingling accompanied the hiss of the opening refrigerator as he reached in to fetch himself a beer.   Condensation was cool against his fingertips while he sipped the amber liquid. He moved through to the lounge and dumped himself down onto the couch like a heavy sack of potatoes, beer licking at the rim of the bottle in threat of spilling over. Tony rested his legs up on the seat beside him to allow himself to stretch out and lie back.
“Anyway!” Tony called significantly too loudly for the silent room, “I hope you heal up soon and manage to get back to the precinct before long… Okay. Okay, then. Bye” He garbled out his sentence as he backed out the doors without giving Steve even a second to piece together another sentence.
Steve shook his head at Stark’s antics and rolled his eyes at the fact that the man would be so rude to him even after they had taken their relationship to the next level. He understood that it was vital to maintain a level of professionalism within the workplace but at least a please wouldn’t go amiss.
Two years ago he couldn’t even imagine working a case with the disrespectful, rule busting and cheeky Tony Stark but now he couldn’t imagine a day without having the man in his life. To say their relationship took them both, and everyone else for that matter, by surprise was an understatement.
"Well, you're perfectly qualified. I've seen you in action. You're training is impeccable." Steve stumbled out. He was not getting himself roped into some organisation where he'd have ties and a base with someone he'd have to actually report to. How did Clint even consider him to help? It's ridiculous and frankly insulting and he needed out of this car.
Tiredness pulled down on Tony’s eye lids but he fought to keep them open and blinked rapidly as the floor numbers in the elevator came in and out of focus. They’d only just returned from their mission and everyone was feeling worst for wear. The doors hissed open and a soft ‘Ding’ echoed throughout the dark living space of the tower.
Steve was already there when they arrived. However, he wasn't sat at the table, instead he was peering out the window over the large grey base. People moved around it like ants. His eyes scanned the area as though he was actively searching for something hidden in its midst.
Steve didn’t hesitate, I don’t know if I would want to hear anyway after being deaf my whole life. The unknown is much scarier than silence. Anyway, it’s late.
Suddenly, he spots him. The doctor, only a few years older than Steve himself, was strolling leisurely beside one of the smaller ponds. It was time for the assassin to make his move.
“But it was against the rules.” He suggested, hesitantly. He was almost certain that it was probably against the law but he didn’t want to make it seem worse.
“Hey! Look, I’m sorry. Just… Everyone knows you’ve got with every person within a 20 mile radius of your apartment…” Clint justified with a semi-apology in his eyes.
Eyes closed and head thrown back at the sensations, Steve wasn’t prepared for the feeling of Tony’s tongue against the tip and it moved along the slit so Tony could taste the pre-cum. The soldier was balling his fists into the covers of his bed as he began to squirm at the slow, teasing nature of Tony’s touch. He knew exactly how to wind him up and would ensure it was a journey full of desperation and need.
The soldier shrugged as he handed the notepad across. Tony read it and laughed at Coulson; of course he’d try to learn sign language to impress Captain America.
When he awoke he leapt out of the bed immediately. The prosthetic on his leg was unfamiliar and he stumbled ungracefully, catching himself against the wall to stop himself falling.
Steve pulled out his medical personnel ID which, luckily, came with an old and blurry picture. He flashed it quickly to prevent the guard truly inspecting the card. This what all the hard work in the park had been for. Luckily enough, him and the good doctor did share a couple of similar features like the blond hair and strong jaw.
"I can't. I need the money." He thought back to his family back on the farm. They were struggling through.
However, Clint didn't join in. Instead he looked stone eyed across at his long-time friend and slowed the dark car to a stop by the side of the road. He sighed, a hand reaching up the rub at his temple. Steve squinted suspiciously.
"You don't remember me? I guess you had no reason to and it was quite a while ago. We met briefly at that conference a while ago... damn, what was it on again? I go to too many of these things." Steve had donned a mid-western accent especially for the role.
“He was the first sentient thing that I invented,” he said as he wheeled himself over to where she sat. “He’s like a small child most of the time, and I scream in frustration constantly, but there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for him, or U, or even my A.I.”
“We have to try something,” Shuri said to them, hope in her voice. She had grown up too much too fast in the last five years. “I want my family back, I want my people to have not suffered the loss of two kings so close together.”
Tony walked away before Steve could say anything else to his husband, the other man was scared, he was scared for the kids, for the life they had built, he was scared of trying and losing everything he had. He knew this because he was scared too.
The moment Bruce pushed the button Steve felt himself holding his breath as Scott disappeared into the Quantum Tunnel. Barely five seconds passed before Bruce pressed another button and someone appear in the Ant-man suit, from the looks of it, it was a teenage Scott standing there.
“Tony.... TOOONNNNYYYYY,” she called out, and he could hear the giggling from Nat’s roommate, their childhood friend Jan, which meant that they were going to torture him and never allow him his nap.
He walked her to the quinjet and got her started when Vision joined them, “I would like to accompany you Ms. Romanoff,” he said, it was the first time since they got there that he spoke. Steve knew that Tony would want to talk to the android, but there was something in Vision’s eyes that told him to let the android go.
“Yeah except for the part where nothing happened,” Steve told him not even getting up from the bench he was on. Tony could tell that Steve was cold, almost as if he had been sitting there for so long just waiting for him to get out of the library, because Steve knew where he went all of the time. “Tony, I was rejecting Sharon when whatever it was you saw happened, you can ask Bucky, hell you can ask Natasha because she slapped me thinking that I broke your heart.”
“You’re still grounded young man,” Tony said as he landed next to them all, pulling back the helmet and looking over at Steve with a wink. Steve couldn’t help but feel relived at the sight of them, they were all safe.
“Captain, I thought you were coordinating search and rescue?” Sitwell asked and it took everything in him to not hit the man.
“Well, what are we gonna do now?” he said turning his attention towards Scott. “You know what, give me a break, I just got hit in the head with a Hulk.”
“Our history, so there’s not a lot of convenient spots to just drop in,” Tony said as he started pulling up dates and locations from each encounter.
“Who are all of these other characters?” Steve asked him, interrupting the story. “I’ve never heard of them and I’m pretty sure that my dad wasn’t this inventive with code names.”
“Like a camping trip,” Rhodey said and Tony groaned before hitting his head against the table. “We could go as a group, Tony could invite his college friends, Nat would go, and maybe I could convince Carol to go as well.”
“Why don’t you like Captain America?” Tony couldn’t help but see how Steve had stiffened at that question, and Tony knew that it seemed as if it were a sore subject, but he really just wanted to know so that he wouldn’t be stepping around the whole topic when it came to Steve. “You don’t have to answer it, I was just curious.”
Tony couldn’t help but stare at the feisty girl he had watched grow up as she literally yelled at her father, she was shorter than the archer, and looked a lot like her mother.
“Tony,” he was going to say that he was sorry, but before the words could leave him Tony collapsed into his arms, his breath wheezing out of him.
“Okay, so the "how" works,” Steve said to the room of mostly superpowered people. “Now we gotta figure out the when and the where. Almost all of us has had an encounter with at least one of the six infinity stones.”
“Seriously, you didn’t?” Scott told him, dumbfounded by the whole thing. “I mean... they look like bad guys.”
“I think you do, but you have to start by giving him a little space, don’t go running over to the dorm all gun ho, trying to be yourself, you have to think of this strategically.”
“It’s in the past,” Steve said before pulling Tony away. “I’m going to show Tony something upstairs, so call if you need anything.”
It was strange that they had found a rhythm to their lives, going on dates, learning to talk everything out, even going to therapy. Steve started a small survivor’s group in the city, and would drive down every single Monday at speeds that Tony had said were outright illegal, even though he drove just as fast as Steve did. It had become their new normal, so of course after a year of being together Steve had decided on proposing to Tony. Life was too short for them to question anything in their lives, so Steve took Tony to Cambridge, to his alma mater, because Tony had heard about some projects that the students were doing as a part of the September foundation. One of the students, a young girl who was just starting, was helping Steve with his proposal, they had met the first time by accident, Steve had been trying to find a way to propose and ended up driving in the wrong direction ending up in Massachusetts instead of upstate New York, because he had been thinking too hard. It had given him the chance to get to know a place that had shaped Tony’s life for so long, but he was still wandering around a city he didn’t know and had run into a young teenage girl who just so happen to be one of the school’s youngest students.
In his head Tony was screaming, hell he was punching Ty in the face because that’s what he actually wanted to do, but he couldn’t have a scandal on his hands, he didn’t want to get expelled from school, instead he closed his bag and said “Goodbye Ty, I hope I never see you again.”
“Regardless, we only have enough Pym Particles for one round trip each for only a handful of us,” Bruce said bringing forth their other problem. “And these stones have been in a lot of different places throughout history.”
Their first story had been a hit with the professor, this one wasn’t going to be a class thing, but Tony had felt like it was something to be proud of as well. He worked on it just as much as Ty had and he hoped that maybe when it was finished, they could keep this weird writing relationship that they had going on.
“Have you and Happy ever thought about having your own?” he asked curious since they hadn’t had a kid, but dotted on Morgan like she were her own.
“Tony you don’t have to....” he had started to say before the door slammed shut, he felt bad all of a sudden, he knew that he had been invading Tony’s space, but Bucky had told him to wait for him in his room and then shoved the key in his hand.
“He left,” Tony said feeling a million times more awkward, because it hadn’t been a date, it had just been school work, and for some reason, he had said it was a date to see if Steve would react to it, which just felt really stupid now.
“She said he had trained her, in the red room, that they had fallen in love, I think deep down, Buck found something that felt like home during those years, but in the end, Hydra took that from him too.”
“I’m a fan of them too Tony, but somehow this reads more like fanfiction than anything else,” Professor Coulson said throwing Tony off his axis, “And while I know in some ways it’s an accepted form of writing, I wanted you to use this class to help you build your own worlds.”
Sighing Steve sat down on one of Tony’s chairs, it really was that kind of day for him in the end, the kind where everything happened. “Why?”
Steve couldn’t help but sigh, they had grown up in a small town in upstate New York, the population was miniscule compared to other parts of the state, so they dated, though once they went off to college Bucky had realized that there was more to their lives than their small town and the two of them decided to break up. Bucky had dated around since, and so had Steve or at least he tried, they both grew from their experiences and realized that they were better as friends over being in a relationship. Much to his mother’s delight, because while she had been happy that Steve got to date, she didn’t think that Bucky was the best choice, not because she didn’t love him, she just knew that it wouldn’t have worked out in the end.
“He loves us,” Steve said in his own defense, though it was true, even though the house was always full, and they didn’t have enough rooms for all of them to live in, his father loved them all. They could have gotten a bigger house at any point in time, but Steve understood why it was that his parents loved their house. It was the first thing that they were able to buy for their family, the schools were great, and it had a huge yard for them to play.
“Steve,” he started just wanting everything to end, he just wanted to disappear and vanish from his own life.
“Best Christmas present EVER,” Tony said before grabbing Steve’s face and kissing him in front of everyone. He knew he was blushing, but it was worth it if it meant that Tony was happy with them being like this.
“Yeah well next time, I’m putting one of those kid tether things on her,” Miles looked up at his parents and smiled. “She’s too all over the place.”
“I think you look great Cap,” Scott said over the line, which only reminded them that there was a third person listening in on Tony’s inner thoughts. “As far as I’m concerned, that’s America’s ass.”
“I honestly don’t know if I want to see whatever this is,” Tony said getting in the car and closing the door. Steve rushed to the other side and got in, only now realizing just how cold he felt. “I’m afraid that I’m hallucinating this whole thing and that I went into a coma last week, and you never kissed me and that this is just some form of hell.”
The lights for his workshop were on as he wheeled himself passed it, which was strange considering all their work was in Bruce’s lab which was a little further down, but he saw Shuri sitting inside throwing a ball for DUM-E and U to go and get. He didn’t want to disturb her, as she worked on distracting herself from what was happening around them, but he couldn’t leave he alone in there with her thoughts, because he knew better than anyone that sometimes your mind was your own worst enemy.
“His oldest brother is Bruce, he works in medical technology and research, then there’s Hank who is a doctor, Scott is an engineer,” Bucky said and honestly Tony was amazed, even Steve’s brothers were smart. “Then comes Steve, and after that there’s Peter and Harley who are the youngest and still in school.”
“He was just a kid, but at the time I thought that it was just going to be a friendly conversation,” he actually didn’t want to be reminded of that time, he wanted to get over the whole thing already. “It didn’t happen that way, but now after all of this, it seems so stupid.”
Also Quantum Theory is impossible if you don't have a degree in it, I tried to read up on it and it made no sense to me.
“Go ahead,” it was now question and answer time, which was better than hiding from Steve all together. It’s nice to have a full conversation with Steve and not worry about whether he was offending Steve by saying the wrong thing.
“I know for a fact that they were there...” Tony stopped looking at no one but Steve, ignoring Scott in the process.
“Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends... We lost family... We lost a part of ourselves,” Steve said pulling Tony out of his thoughts. “Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes. No do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know. But it doesn't mean we should know what to expect.  Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we're gonna win,” Tony couldn’t help but look at his husband, always with the speeches, it made his heart race, he wanted to kiss the man for luck. “Whatever it takes. Good luck.”
“Yeah well,” he said with a smile. “There’s only so much you can do when you’re living in a life you hadn’t expected.”
Tony had been sure that he was the first to have offered her anything like that, a lot of people were struggling but some more than others. Kids, teenagers mostly, were suffering from losing their families, some were too old to be put into foster care so they stayed in their family homes and tried to make ends meet, often failing. Tony watched her as she ate through four burgers, only stopping to talk about superheroes, or how hard school was, or even how she had lost her family. She became more animated as she went and it reminded him of Peter in a way, he wondered how she would be with Riri, or even Shuri who need more friends her age.
“Come on,” Bucky called out. “We still have to pick up Sam, and you know how he is about where he sits in the damn car.”
“They will love you Tony,” Steve said knowing that it would be true, his father always wanted someone to talk to about the comics, someone that wasn’t his editors, anyone at the publisher, or even everyone who knows him personally. His mother would just be happy that Steve had found someone to care about. “Come on,” he took Tony’s hand in his and walked them to the door.
“Usually they let me write the answers and send it to them, but mostly it’s Thor or Loki doing the talking, I tend to start talking about tech or something and everyone just looks at me weird.”
We have one particle left. Each. That's it, alright? We use that... Bye, bye. You're not going home,” Scott stopped rambling looking at them. They all knew the risks of trying this whole time heist thing.
Honestly if he could he would slam his head against the bookcase that Steve had just fixed, if it weren’t for the fact that the guy had just fixed the damn thing. What was wrong with him, he didn’t even know the guy, this was the kind of thing he only did with someone he liked, which hadn’t happened in a long time, not since his last relationship with Pepper but that had ended years ago and they were better friends than anything, and he liked Pepper’s girlfriend enough to not piss either of them off.
“He likes anything with machines,” someone said to him, and Steve looked up to see a short brunette with a bob cut in front of him. “He’s also into science, but if you’re thinking about feeding him, then burgers would be the best thing in the world.”
“I’m trying to hope for something better,” he said even though he was scared out of his mind with worry, over not being able to reverse the snap, over the mission the others were now on, over losing even more people that he cared about, over losing himself because of all of this. “What would you say to checking over something for me, I have this idea that maybe we can sensitize the stone out of the information we gathered on it.”
“I don’t want to be the reason that Ty fails the class,” Tony said because in all honesty he didn’t want to be the reason anyone went through anything. Yeah Ty used him, but it shouldn’t matter in the end.
“Well I can’t wait to read it when you’re done,” Tony told him, knowing that making at least one friend outside of Bucky and Steve was good for him.
“Trust me, I always thought I would have been a horrible father, until I became Iron Man, the thought that maybe one day I could have a kid was there, I had thought it would have been with Pepper, but this,” he said looking at Steve with all of his heart. “what we’re doing with them, how we are together, I couldn’t have asked for anything better.”
“Bring him back Nat, those kids need him,” he told her before putting his arm around her. “We’ll get her back for him, we’ll get them all back, but I don’t want Clint to have a guilty conscience because of what he’s done to cope with losing his wife and their child.”
Avengers were the norm for popping up left and right, Kamala attaching herself to Carol who was almost always with Rhodey, and Steve thought it was interesting but let them be. Kamala proudly proclaiming herself as Ms. Marvel, after Tony had left the kids with Carol and Rhodey so that they would have an anniversary weekend.
If all it had taken was one picture to send the store into a frenzy, he would have done it himself, though the person who had taken it had apparently come back several times because there were all kinds of photos on the so-called Instagram page of one Tony Stark. The account wasn’t even verified, there was no way that it was his to begin with, but it was good for business, and it hadn’t stopped any of his friends from teasing him since a lot of the pictures had happened to be him with a book or helping someone. Whoever it was, according to Natasha, had a crush on him and while he was flattered it almost felt like stalking.
“That’s why I’m here to save you from yourself,” Rhodey said with a smile. “I also got you a present.”
Tony heard the tell tale sounds of footsteps, he knew that their friends were there looking at what had happened but all he could do was look at the paragon of all that was good and holy in his life and want to punch him. It was always one step forward and three steps back with the two of them, and it felt like there was never going to be a common ground no matter how hard they tried.
The sound of the door slamming against the wall alerted him to Bucky’s arrival, “Alright punk, let’s go,” Bucky said as he held the door open with his foot.
“Thor,” Tony said stopping the other man from taking his drink, “You’ve been going a little heavy there with the booze.”
“Not... really, I’ve been working on everything all at once, and I finished... well most of it, I’m still trying to get my fiction writing assignment done, but I still can’t get over what Ty did, so I get an... angy...angry,” Tony was tired and Steve knew this, especially if Tony couldn’t say a single word.
“No!” Shuri called out. “Remember what Doctor Banner said, We need to get them back where they came from.”
Once he was on the ground, he saw Barnes standing over Steve, trying to get a piece of glass that had fallen on top of Steve. Again, Manhattan and those stupid glass buildings, and yes, he knew that the tower was mostly made of glass but that wasn’t the point. Without asking if Barnes needed help, Tony just grabbed on side of the glass and flung it against the wall of the building.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh, even when it felt like he was being judged but it was good that Tony had people who would stick up for him. “I remember that when he first started here, he was living off of iced coffees and whatever he kept in his mini fridge.”
He was about to turn around when he hears the sounds of his own kids in the background, they’re hiding, and they shouldn’t be there at all, but he has really good hearing and Miles is terrible at things like hide and seek. Steve learned that from watching Miles play with Morgan, it strange that someone with powers to hide on the ceiling, is terrible at hiding from a five-year-old. Steve walked towards the closet, he knows they’re in there, and opens it watching as his kids, Lila Barton and America Chavez all spill out of the small space.
“I don’t really know; I mean he was attached to the kid long before he brought him into the fight two years ago.”
If he was surprised to hear this, he didn’t know it, he wasn’t sure what to say at all, his mind went back to whenever he accomplished something growing up, and when he showed his father, the man would berate him. Complements are something that are rare for him, but this was something beyond that, everyone called him crazy for majoring in writing when his genius levels and his love of mechanics could take him farther. But he honestly just wanted to write and invent, not be one of the faces of Stark Industries, so to have something like this all his own was an amazing achievement.
“Are there any other options with the Tesseract?” Steve asked because he needed to focus his energy elsewhere or else he was going to punch an ant.
Tony couldn’t help but want to laugh, if Steve not wanting to talk about Cap was a sign that he hadn’t liked the character or at least had some kind of reservations about the character as a whole, but him wanting to talk about Iron Man was something else. “Why do you want to know?”
“Strong enough to peel tar off of the sidewalks, the kind of strong that will burn a hole in my body,” Tony said and honestly, he could be a little desperate for coffee, although Steve looked amused at this. “How much would that be?”
Was it evil of him to take advantage of Steve, well yes it was, but Tony was never sure if Steve liked playing dom to their little arrangement? Although there was that one time at the party where Steve got possessively jealous, which was nice. It’s always nice especially after a long day of work, and Tony worked harder than most of the team, mainly because he was bankrolling the team, but it was nice to have someone else take control for once. Plus, Steve’s muscles whenever they picked him up, made Tony all hot and bothered, hell just watching the man work out was enough for him to come untouched.
“What’s up, regular sized man?” Rhodey says before walking off with Nebula, as they make their way towards where Steve and Tony were both standing.
The surprised look in all of their eyes was enough for him to grab the scepter and walk off without another word. He couldn’t smile, even if he wanted to, because he had just screwed over his other self in this timeline.
Within a few months Clint had jumped up several levels and was ready to begin working alone. However, he never stopped thinking about Steve and everything he did and sacrificed for him. He managed to find him a few times to check in but it was definitely a hard man to track down.
“I couldn’t do it knowing you’re back here alone.” The genius mumbled, he closed his eyes and leant further into Steve’s hand in his cheek. Since being with Steve he’d learnt how to be more open about his emotions.
Tony sighed, he knew Clint was right but he also believed that any information on Rogers’ situation in that building could only give them power. He knew he couldn’t be offended by Clint’s assumption about him sleeping with witnesses or others on cases as he’d accidentally done so a couple of times before and he couldn’t deny that Steve Rogers was one of the most attractive criminals he had even dealt with.
“Fine, get in the car but if you die it’s your ass on the line.” He was still halfway through the sentence when Steve was hobbling down the stairs full speed, suddenly beaming.
He laughed, the freest laugh Tony had yet to hear from the soldier, “The goddamn leg deserves it!” Reality seemed to settle moments later, “Is there some reason you’re breaking into your guests rooms in the night while they’re sleeping?”
Someone most have noticed him moving as a nurse rushed over by his side from the nurses station,“Glad to see you’re wake, Captain Rogers.” She lifted a glass of water to his lips, “You’re surgery has gone well but we’ll have to wait and see for signs of infection.”
A tall man with long dark hair was giving him his most charming smile when he introduced himself. Steve was uncomfortable at first as he didn’t always trust random people who approached him in bars. He had experienced some negative situations in the past where people couldn’t get the hint that he really did not want to talk with them and they didn’t take it well when he expressed that explicitly.
The genius nodded as he listened carefully. He wanted to interrupt a couple of times to ask questions but he resisted as he knew that Steve needed to lay down his boundaries for their relationship to work. Finally he asked, “Okay, all makes sense. Um, what about... uh, like when...” How could he phrase it without making his partner uncomfortable, “If I were to think about you to help me relieve myself or like think of your ass in a sexual setting... would that? How would you feel about that?” He felt like he had to ask as he had jerked off to Steve before their relationship had started so he might need to source some new material.
“Here,” Steve whispered gently as he shifted the smaller man onto the bed, “Lets get you cleaned up.”
"No," He scoffed, "I've known since last week. Well, I knew before that but I knew the extent of it last week when I was mid-call with him and I heard a shot. At first I thought he was under fire but it was a job. What's wrong with this?"
She shot him a mischievous smile, “I went there two hours before and took the other one away. It was about time you two got a push in the right direction.” With that she strode away leaving him gobsmacked in the middle of the precinct.
"Careful, if you inflate your ego much more your head won't fit it out that door." Voice still rasping, he joked on. In inclined his head towards the door. "Can I have some water?"
However, Tony must have moved slowly as the sudden hand in his check made Steve startle. He wasn’t ready when the lips gently touched his but quickly, his brain caught up and he leant towards the other man to deepen their kiss. The short, dark hair felt so soft against Steve’s large hands. The taller man hummed in contentment as he’d wanted to kiss Tony since the first day they met and he’d been incredibly nervous leading up to their first date.
Moments later, Steve was coming with the cry of Tony’s name on his lips. He slipped down so they were both on the floor and grabbed Tony’s lips in his and kissed him passionately while his hands aided Tony. The darker haired man huffed and stammered against Steve as he came soon after. They leant against each other, their breath mingling, as the took a moment to collect themselves.
Tony’s head drooped and his blood continued drip down to his collar. He was on fire. Please. His heat… it can’t…
Thor turned and smiled at him teeth glinting bright in the dimness of the night. “Then I shall love you both.” Just like that. Bruce didn’t get it. Thor seemed to find what he wanted and threw a pair of pants and a shirt to Bruce.
Tony looked back a small but poignant wave of nostalgia crashing over him. “When I had just gotten Dummy, he’d run into me. My ankles were bruised all to hell and I spent my nights icing them and off the floor. I told him he was hurting me, and he started to look where he was going but I still get bruises around my knees because he hits me with his arm.” Tony touched one of the bruises that was fresh from when he was in the workshop last week. “Dumb bastard.”
Steve kisses his forehead then got out of bed leaving Tony cold. "I'm sorry to leave you but I must dress before we convene at the dining table."
“Omega, hasn't had a period in over a decade and is now having pregnancy symptoms it's probably menopause. My body deciding the baby machine is done for good.”
Clint felt his eyes burn. He wasn’t going to cry. He was an adult and a spy. Yeah. He’d also broken his fingers against a guys face and just let it go. He sat up. “I’m sorry too. I don’t want you to choose between your friends and me.”
"If you have a baby in you it's going to come out sometime and the closer we are to predicting when the better," Tony growled.
The night sky was luminous, and the stars seemed closer than ever. Tony blew out a breath looking up and watching his air disperse above him. In the city where he had resided since his father died and he was no longer allowed in university, a place he spent nearly two decades in, the stars were covered in fog and light. Now, on his porch he could just about touch them. He stared and tried not to reach out foolishly. The stars were not with him, the Wilsons have not returned from their endeavor and the longer they were away the ichor of the city clung to Tony’s shoulders. It held fast to him the loss and death that he left behind. The Lady did her best. Tony closed his eyes and tried not to hold in tears. Where will he go if this the warm house where he can hear Thor’s rumbling voice followed by Bruce’s soft tone, and Clint’s joyous laughter, disappears?
Tony’s hand clenched around notes their barely there edges disintegrating in his fist. “Even if I get them back, what is there to bring them to? A burned carcass of a home? It’d take me years to get the house back to what it once was. If we leave to find another, we’re going to be raising babies on the road in winter. What if they die? Then there’s the weight of two automatons and what if we move to a town and they start wondering—”
That was all that was needed. Steve and him picked up the shovels and Bruce laid an apple in the hole. The dirt hit the small coffin with a sharp thud that rang through Tonys body bunching up his muscles and making his stomach clench in nausea. Dummy had faced the snow as light as it was to use his claw to help them burry Jarvis. When Tony noticed him he had to stop and hand his shovel to Bruce to finish. The energy drained out of him and he dropped to his knees to watch the first bury the last.
Bucky shrugged. “I’ll leave it. I’m curious to what your game plan is.” He straightened off the wall. “Now then, I’m off to watch my love watch Thor shoot lightning from his fingertips.”
“I will be in the workshop.” He said standing. He grabbed Dummy holding the freezing metal close to his heart and started walking in the direction. He heard no one follow him.
“My friend here is helping me look for a missing student,” Thor covered still looking at Bruce. Bruce heaved out a shaky breath and tried to unclench. They were all so close.
Bruce tapped Thor’s shoulder with a mug so large Tony guessed Bruce modified one of their pitchers. Thor took it and slammed it on the table with a rambunctious ‘thank you.’ Bruce calmly sat back down, and everyone waited in anticipation while Thor took an excruciatingly long gulp. Tony felt himself actively get gray hairs. Thor set the mug down. Clint inhaled audibly.
Thor pulled him into another heavy hug. Bruce was just thankful that his feet were off the ground. “I knew the gods would not have forsaken my manhood.”
Bruce took a sip and Tony had something in his hands that he was tinkering with. It looked suspiciously like a skull.
Clint straightened, and Bucky rested his chin on the mans shoulder jaw open and eyes wide. The arrow’s second half swung loosely towards the ground.
“Let’s take this inside,” Tony panted. He was seeing stars. Oh, god…please don’t let his heat come. The fire still coursed through his veins and it felt like he was in his furnace. Both Stane and Steve looked at him like he was insane. He breathed in through his nose deep enough to get the words out.
Hours later next to a river that ran not far from the road Bruce stared unashamed at Tony who refilled the steamer.
"Nice to meet you," Clint said with a small wave. The shoulder sized yellow wolf Sam was perched on nodded back.
Tony let the warm callused hand take his own and allowed himself to be dragged back into the house filled with laughter.
“Not mad enough to stay abstinent,” Clint said trying to go for another kiss but stopped by the counter and his stomach. “Balls.”
He stopped being able to tell how long they stayed there other than at night he slept warmed by the kiln and forgers fire and at day he awoke and went to the main house to talk and check on the pack. Everyone had reverted to normal and Steve missed the dinners with them and the talk of old tales and new stories but as soon as night began to crawl across the horizon earlier and earlier everyday he headed to the farmhouse and the endless hours of Tonys madness and grief. He thought it would be endless until one morning he entered the house and no one was there.
“NO.” He snarled voice distorted. Tony looked up from his fist and two his eyes where the pupils were narrowing into slits and his hair grew shaggier.
Clint pointed at Tony. “That man is the best weapon master on this continent. He takes your blood makes you a weapon made for you, that works only for you, and you work better for it. Give him a vile of your blood and you’ll have a weapon that will work a lifetime and never need a readjustment.”
This silence came once again for just a moment before Clint made a grunting sound. Suddenly everyone was on edge.
There was a sharp tug right behind his sternum. Then it grew. There it was pulling his heart. God what was that noise. It wasn’t helping the pain. It was scaring him. Where were they? Why did it hurt? It never hurt. They couldn’t come. Where? Why? The noise continued and the pain grew. His fingers digging into the wood. They were going further away. Stane. Arms pulled him away from the tree and he was in his own body. The magic no longer stretching him thin. The pain snapping back into the dull throb from the bite and the small cuts covering his fingers. The noise was his screams. He couldn’t stop. They weren’t there. He took them. Tony struggled against the arms holding him. He needed to go to them. They were being dragged away.
Tony nodded. "I do always love to play with fire. Ask your burning question, Doctor. I'm curious as to what you want to know."
“Or he is.” Steve said. “He clearly knew not to trust you and Sam sending you away days before he showed up.”
“He requested, and we said yes. You can come if you’d like.” Natasha said sharply. “We are leaving whatever you say.”
“Not here and not now.” Bruce said putting the clothes that Thor found. The smelled of smoke and were smudged with ash but otherwise clean. “Maybe later in bed.”
He stopped long enough to focus in on Clint's scent before taking off. The closer he got, other animal scents began to overlap with Clint's. Tony ran faster his muscles burning. He couldn't smell Jarvis or Dummy over the other shifters. Grunts and growls preceded him he ignored them running into the clearing regardless, Clint was on the other side and he caught sight of him holding a bow and arrow. Tony skidded in front of him and snarled. Clint didn't back down Tony set himself between his pack and the other shifters.
Tony stared at the stars, ignoring how Jarvis stilled, the faint clink of his joints turning the air into frigid silence.
“Grooming a child is not what I consider winning, Lord Stane.” Steve said walking back down the stairs leaving Stane gasping for air. “There are four other unused bedrooms to the left of the stairs your pack is welcome to those.”
Tony smiled. "I haven't asked for an art piece in even longer. You seemed to have captured the life of my automatons and I'd like a finished piece if you wouldn't mind."
Natasha flicked them both in the foreheads. “They wouldn’t try to steal it because it’s all in savings accounts linked to our names. They would kidnap Tony.”
Steve wanted to kiss him. The pride in his stance and the pure joy turned the cynical man he'd met with a knife for a tongue into a beauty Steve could not describe. His hands twitched wanting to draw.
“We go to a school of four hundred, you don’t think that they don’t already know our schedules? We haven’t tried to hide our names. If our crowds weren’t participating in unlawful assembly’s and gambling they would have turned us in last year.” Tony said.
Steve ran until he felt he might not make it back in time to sleep. He focused on the ground uneven as it was pounding into his paws on his way back. He barely noticed the coyote until too late. The coyote had to have been there for awhile because he knew when to nip at Steve’s toes and bounce away before Steve could snap back. The animal seemed to laugh at him then sprint ahead. Steve took after enjoying the cloying scent and the challenge of a chase. They dodged between trees purposefully tripping Steve’s larger frame up. Then would slow just to turn in a full circle and come back to a head start in front of Steve. It was infuriating. He couldn’t even nip at his heels. The coyote would look back occasionally then stuff his nose in the air jokingly prim before running off again. The third time he deemed to mock Steve, Steve took him down and pinned him to the sun hardened earth.
He needed to be a spy right now but the sun was warm and being away from home and teachers was so right. He must have stiffened up somewhat because Bucky pushed up onto his elbows. “What's wrong?”
Steve closed his eyes and allowed himself a single moment of pure grief. He was going to miss the sounds of clockwork running the house, the quiet voice informing Dummy to stop and the intelligence beyond its small frame. He gasped then squeezed Tony tighter.
Thor hummed delightfully. Bruce reached up to clutch at the pillow under his head. "Omegas and women for that matter get wet at different levels and..." Bruce lost his concentration. A large calloused finger entered him, and Thor had moved to mouthing his cock. He pulled off cool air hitting it.
“So,” Bucky said his voice a crash of lightning through the silence. “Tony could just bring the entire house down on us at any moment.”
“I'm very close to being done quickening.” Bruce said with defeat. He had given up two months ago when he had to yell for Tony to help him out of bed. That had been his defeat and the acknowledgement that he was very very pregnant.
Steve held back the urge to shift uncomfortably. Automaton or not Jarvis seemed to have kindness and empathy meaning if he had something to say it was probably important. "Of course." Steve said softly.
Clint scoffed. "Your 'brother' is upstairs probably wonderin' why we're so hostile. You should tell him you got an omega up the cliff and then left not even a day after their heat."
“I died leaving you.” Bucky said. “I wasn’t even supposed to stay with you for so long. Natasha said we had to be in the country before winter was over, so we’d have cover but…” Bucky sat down sliding down a tree. “You were so adamant about staying. We- I thought you didn’t want to see war. Then I believed you’d be better off with out it. I got me arm ripped off the last time I went, for fucks sake.” Bucky set Clint down his hand relaxing to just rub against Clint’s neck. “I wasn’t able to breathe for six months. Imagine my surprise that when wandering the country side looking for you, you save my life, by the gods I was able taste the air again. No. I didn’t want to leave you. I needed you by my side. While it’s for the best by pure happy luck I…”
"It's got a few hours yet," Thor said there was a creaking and Bruce opened an eye to see Thor lean back on his elbows. Thor met his eye and gave him a warm grin.
Tony looked at him. Steve reached out a gentle hand. “I promise the pack will leave you alone until you’re ready.”
Tony turned to Steve and made a faux apologetic expression. “Sorry, dear angel, I need a prince in my life.”
Tony shivered, and his eyes lit in delight. Steve’s mouth went dry and his palms grew sweaty and he dropped them to Tony’s waist pulling him close.
“Just wait until you hear my back crack during a stretch it’ll be a shock to your system, that’s for certain.”
Clint walked out with Bucky while Thor began ruining their perfectly good yard again with his lightning.
“The lack of air and your pangs are probably clouding your sensibilities,” Tony covered smoothly he moved to hovering over Clint. “Do you think you’re able to move enough to get out of the rain?”
Bucky's pace sped up and Clint felt his jaw open and tongue gently trace his jugular. Please. Pressure, pain, pleasure. Clint screamed seeing stars. He came Bucky's cock throbbing in him his teeth stuck in his neck.
“We can’t keep doing this.” She said pitching her voice to sound more effeminate. It was something she didn’t do unless it was just him or Clint or Bruce.
“I thank the heavens my ears are not as good as yours, fair lady, or I would have had to cut them off.”
Tony’s head whipped around so fast he scraped it along the bottom of the tree. His ears perked, and his eyes slid behind Steve. His tail thumped nervously. Steve licked his lips.
Steve didn’t sleep, not even when Thor and Bruce came back clothed and covered in less gore. He didn’t think he could. Tony was curled up in the opposite corner Clint close to him their legs overlapping. Bruce had migrated towards him too, needing the comfort as well. The loss of a home pulling them together. Steve watched him closely worried for if and when he was going to bolt again. The sky lightened but the rain didn’t cease. Tony awoke first sitting straight up eyes wide and frightened. They circled their surroundings quickly searching. Steve knew what he was looking for.
“Fine! Forever! If you want to talk to a prefect who’s actually participated, I’d talk to T’Challa.” Bucky snarled.
Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose and Tony placed his hands on the back of a chair and let his head drop.
Steve didn’t respond. There was more movement of trees. Steve prayed it was the paramedics. Hammer walked through holding a gun.
With that spoken word Tonys gaze seemed to fill the entire room. Overturned furniture, the broken window letting in snow, books and papers scattered across the floor.
“What are the starting bets,” Bruce asked. He was the teller whenever Tony was fighting. “three hundred on Nat and one hundred on me. There’s eight hundred on Tommy and twelve hundred on Obadiah.”
Natasha looked at Tony who was staring up at the ceiling. He’d been put on bed rest for at least three days and was forced to wear a boot because he had a crack in his tibia. He also was having trouble breathing due to cracked ribs. She was deeply unsettled but how calmly he was taking this. They’d seen concussions, usually mild, and cracked ribs, and sprained wrists and ankles. The bloody mouths and noses and cheeks were par for the course. They had never spent twenty-four hours under observation in a hospital.
The third night sitting by a campfire he realized he hand’t slept more than two hours a day since they left base camp. He put his face in his hands and tried to block everything out.
“Colonel Romanov! Lieutenant Barnes!” Steve cried. He pulled Sam with him so he could tug the others to him. Once he felt the tight bonds of unithood click together holding them steadfast he turned to Thor who had become human once again.
"You left very quickly last night," Bucky said just behind him scaring the ever-loving shit out of him. Clint jumped three feet in the air then landed none too gracefully having to have the other man’s hand steady him. Moments later the children became restless because of the excitement and Clint found himself in need of a wee and a cool cloth for his colon.
He turned to Bucky. "I'm also looking forward to building a house and you an arm. I'll start giving you my sketches. If the pack is expanding we all can't just live in the tavern we're going to need houses for us to thrive in, isn't that right?"
“Yes!” Bruce moaned grinding himself down and feeling his cock rub against Thor’s stomach. Oh gods. Mate? A primal and guttural voice asked from the clouded depths of Bruce’s mind. He didn’t answer crossing his arms over Thor’s back as if to drag him closer. The voice did not like this. He is good mate. It stated like a child in tantrum. Keep him. Bear children.
