"I told them not to engage. If they're is a threat they need to pull back because they don't know what Ford's capable of. But they didn't. They stood their ground and picked the wrong battle. At least if I can patch them up they'll live to fight another day. Two gun shot wounds non life threatening and possible internal bleeding."
Mycroft clenches his fists as Sebastian comes up on the screen. He grits his teeth, getting up and exiting the room.
Dark growls deeply. ‘I’m going to fuck you every day throughout this pregnancy. Fuck you while those men’s babies are growing inside you. Teach you who you belong to.’
She frowns a bit and nods. ‘Yeah okay. I’m starting to leak.’ She sighs and gets off him, the front of her shirt wet.
Pythia chuckles. “I hope so. There’s so many.” She smiles. She stands and goes over to Margaret, I can bless them if you like, the higher up the chain the blessing is from, the better it is.” She says softly.
"I've missed sucking you, Daddy.." She mewls. "The last time I got to suck you was when you knocked me up.."
"Mm tell her about me first. She'll be less shocked when you tell her what you can do and how we met." She smiles.
Sherlock knew John was in the midst of a dry spell, not having been out with a woman in some months now. Even his flirting had decreased to next to none even when the women were obviously interested in him or even coming onto him. He had watched John gently rebuff a few advances but they had been in the middle of cases so Sherlock knew the Work came first for John as well, hence friends with benefits. If he and John had sex then John would get his itch scratched and they could both focus on the work. Plus Sherlock wouldn’t have to worry so much about John going out and getting overly attached to some dull woman. Yes, friends with benefits was the perfect solution.
Turk smirks a bit, licking his lips. "Look at you.." He gets on the bed, stroking himself. "How many cocks can we fit in you at once?"
"Not confident in my ability to drive?" She teases and gets in. "Remember you're the one that taught me how."
"If you want something done right, you do it yourself..." Jim says with a shrug. "You must think you're being valiant, letting him go. Drop your phone, and let's go. Once we're at the airport I'll call my snipers off."
Sky smiles and nods. “I’m sure it’s nice to be asked once in a while since you’re the one usually asking.”
His eyes widen and he feels like his breath is knocked out of him. He reaches out and puts his hands on her belly, smiling brightly. "You look amazing.."
**Could you do that for me, Detective? Could you come without even touching yourself? I'd love it if you had to walk around at work with drying come in your pants for the rest of the day. Perhaps I should call you and give you words of encouragement? --MH**
Sherlock looked up from under his curls. With a deep sigh, he crossed the room and took John's hand. "If you're going to forget every few hours, I don't think I can do this again, John..." He whispered.
“Oh.” John blinks a bit as Sherlock tells him he experimented. “Umm.. There were a few in my army days. What was I saying? That might help me narrow it down.” He blushes a some, it not even occurring to him that he was talking about Sherlock.
“Mm yeah. Come on in.” Collin grins and leads them inside. Sky is on the main floor being fucked and used in the middle of the room. She sees Greg come in and winks at him before swallowing the load the guy in her mouth just blew down her throat.
Mycroft moans loudly and bucks his hips. "Oh my god!" He tips his head up, searching for Greg's lips.
Greg groans. "I bet they would all like that. We should bring it up to them. Have anyone who's willing to fuck them join us. Michael could join us if Sky puts us in her head for a bit." He groans as Collin denies him permission, but loving that he's making him wait. He thrusts harder into her mouth, cutting off her air with each rough thrust. "We could have the perfect little family, keep all the girls pregnant and just breed them with our kids. Make a bet about who's kid is going to come out." He smirks.
Lydia whimpers and blushes. She tightens around Anthea's fingers and moans. "Oh god.. You're so gorgeous.. You feel so good inside me.."
He gasps and tips his head back. "I.. Ah.. I haven't had any.. surgeries.." He sounds a bit embarrassed.
Duke smirks back and starts to eat as well. “Mm all that extra food just goes straight to your arse, doesn’t it?” He licks his lips. Anthea blushes and nods, most of her clothes don’t fit anymore because of her swollen belly but also because her ass has fattened up so much she can barely fit any clothes over it.
"Yeah. I've umm.. I've been nominated to head the Council.." She hums. "You're kidding." Turk's eyes widen.
Greg laughs a bit nervously. "I'd only be a brilliant father because I'd have you to help me. How about I try being a good husband first?" He smiles.
Sherlock looks at his toes. "You came out of recovery, and they put you in here... and I... I was stressed. I was apologising to you for getting you shot.... and... and you woke up.... you didn't know who I was, but assumed I was your boyfriend...." He rambles. He takes a breath. "And... it... it just went from there, really..." His face coloured, ashamed. "I should have tried harder to stop it." He mutters.
Sherlock smirks against his lips. "Perhaps I'll send you a text one day while you're in surgery and show you how aroused I am. I could tell you all of the things I would do if you were here."
He pulls his fingers out and wraps John's legs around him. He pushes into him and holds John's wrists down above his head. "Mine." He growls.
Sherlock takes John's Browning and shoots the assailant in the throat, before scrambling to John. "John..." He panted, pressing a hand to John's thigh. "Stay awake, John.... Please?"
"Right, let me pick that... cluster fuck apart. Sit down, will you? You're stressing me out with your pacing." Pinching the bridge of his nose John held up the index finger of his other hand.
Michael frowns and gets off the counter, stepping into the shower in his clothes and pulling her into a hug. "You will never stop being enough for me. You could be the most ordinary person and still be more than enough for me. Nothing you do could ever make me leave. Nothing. I love you. So much."
“When he was pregnant it was like a warm happy. But with you.. Ya know when you hold your breaths really long time and then you finally breathe?” Kia looks up at him.
Dominic kisses her hair before silently casting his own spell on Leona’s womb to make sure she gets pregnant.
She giggles and smiles. "We have a lot of people so we need a lot of room. Plus there will be more to come in the future." She hums as he hand rests on her belly absentmindedly.
“I’m sure. You hardly touched your lunch today.” Sherlock hums as he eats, rarely eating himself but always noticing patterns about John. “I hope it’s to your liking.” He says, having picked John’s favorites.
Pete mewls and swallows around John as he comes. He slowly pulls off and licks him clean. He turns and sees Sherlock hard and immediately swallows down his cock.
"You. I always need you. Every minute of everyday I need you." She begs and rocks against him. "I want you to fuck me."
He kisses his chest softly before nuzzling him. He blushes as he starts to feel John's cum leak out of him. "Plug?" His voice is soft.
Sky moans louder and arches as she bounces on his cock. “How many? How many should I have the first round? How many babies are you going to fuck me into pushing out?”
George smirks. "Mm, You want to get fucked by your son in law with his friends? I'm sure we could arrange it. They've got the biggest cocks in the house. You'd be so full."
‘Just breathe, George. Just breathe.’ Sky says softly in his head, blocking him from feeling the pain. ‘Don’t move. Just breathe.’
'Put us up there and I'll fuck you till you can't see. Fill you up with my cum over and over again.'
Anthea takes a deep breath so she doesn't beat the ever loving shit out of this guy. "She's completely normal. She's perfect. The only thing that could possibly be the matter is that you are a stain in her life." She snarls.
Magdala smiles. “It means whatever you want it to mean. You can either embrace your mother’s legacy or ignore it and live your life as normal.” She says softly. “It’s completely your choice.”
“I went to the park. Watches the children play. It reminds me of you when you were little and helps me calm down.” Mycroft says softly.
“It really wasn’t dangerous. Sherlock just doesn’t want me to get hurt.” Mycroft smiles softly and rubs Sherlock’s back.
She smiles and her phone starts ringing. "Why does the world have to fall apart when I wanna stay in bed?" She sighs. "Well it falls apart anyway but I actually wanna get up and fix it then." She flops back dramatically against the bed.
Mycroft smiles. "If we shower together, we might not get much sightseeing done." He winks. "You're very good at distracting me, you know."
“Ok... don’t bite me, okay? I’m going to dry you off... are you... is your paw hurt?” he asks, noticing not just the paw now, but as he starts to run the towel over the dog, there seems to be wounds in amongst the fur on its back too.
“Probably afterwards. He’ll use the milk to make sure you’re quick. You will agree to mostly anything just so long as he lets you go quickly and you can get the milk back here.” Sherlock shrugs as he explains Mycroft’s logic. “Don’t worry, everyone works like that. Vampires and humans alike.”
Camille blinks and nods, picking up the phone and finding the page she was reading and continues to read it as she drinks.
Sherlock frowned, a little confused. Maybe John didn’t want Mycroft to see them being affectionate, which was strange given he was at their wedding. “How are you feeling?” He changed the subject. “How’s your pain level?”
Sally stands and nods to the EMT. They check the body and the coroner pronounces her dead. After all the evidence is collected and pictures taken the body is taken to the morgue. “I’m going to go talk to her mum.” Sally sighs.
"Dad, I want you to meet someone." She turns and looks at Zack. "This is my boyfriend Zack." She smiles happily.
Their noise brings one of the agents in, investigating what the ruckus was about. When neither John nor Sherlock is forthcoming, he shrugs and walks away. Clearly not finding manic laughter a security risk.
She giggles and kisses him deeply. "Mm you know pregnant people get very horny because of all the hormones so I hope you’re prepared to accommodate me." She smirks and bites at his throat.
John kisses Sherlock softly, “you’re the most beautiful person they’ve sent in such a long time. You’re so handsome. I could get lost in your eyes, feel your hair forever.” He says between kisses.
John sees Crystal walk with Greg. “Shit, Greg. What’s happened, Crystal?” He asks, following her, and squeezing Magdala’s hand tightly.
Sherlock wraps his arms under John’s bag and holds his close. “Good enough.” He replies with a smile.
"I'm always the one reminding him to eat, to slow down and look around the corner for danger. I'm the gun at his back while he's off playing immortal."
"Mm yeah. He was drunk and he thought it would be a good idea to break in. So I stopped him." She takes a bite of her breakfast. "I'm not supposed to interfere mind you but you all were having such a good night and I didn't want him anywhere near it." She hums.
He smiles warmly as he puts the oil into his hands. “Hi, I’m Justin.” He gently begins to rub Carol’s legs.
He smirks and turns him around, bending him over the couch. He grips his hip in one hand and the other in his hair as he pushes into his arse.
We have plenty more fic together if you liked this one! In fact there is a whole collection right here! https://archiveofourown.org/collections/MistressMycroftRPCollabs
“Just don’t make too much of a mess. I hate the paperwork.” Mycroft sniffed while turning away from the window to stare down at John.
"Sherlock..." John whimpers, looking up when his mate enters. The pups instantly settle and the cramping gets easier to manage. "You're... god you're pale. Fucking sit down. What the fuck happened?" Once Sherlock is seated in a chair beside his bed, John reaches out and takes his hand.
"I think so too. The land surveyors are coming out in the morning for measurements. That way we can have our own place to play and not get caught by the little ones." She smirks.
“Good. Thank you.” Camille smiles. “Now John and I will go into the flat, whilst you stay in the car Sherlock. If everyone goes well, we’ll be needing you to take us to a neutral ground.”
Greg wanders around his office not really paying close attention to Mycroft's conversation. He has his hands clasped behind his back
John goes to the edge of the stage, looking up at Sky. "Sky, you're hit. Let me make sure you're okay."
“I’m sorry, John. On our last phone call together I heard some static on the line and thought we were being listened to. I guess I was right.” Sherlock scents John heavily.
Lily purr. Faint music can be heard coming from the hill. "It sounds like they've gotten the party started." Sky smiles.
"Mm I think it was from when Mycroft and Greg fucked on the couch and it got lost." He giggles and kisses him deeply.
Fitz hesitates before going into the bedroom, standing in the doorframe, a bit unsure if he would be welcome in the bed.
"Mm you want to watch as my hips spread and my breasts swell. You're going to have to fuck me over and over. I want as much cum as you can fill me up with. I want to carry your child. I want to be filled with it. I'm going to get so big. Who knows, we might get lucky and have multiples." She purrs as she sinks back down onto his cock slowly.
Sherlock unrolls the scroll and starts to read, unbeknownst to him that the scroll was enchanted and John couldn’t read it.
“Well, I..” Joann shrugged. “I was always most interested in obstetrics and specific omega care. It’s just so lacking in every way besides methods of getting an omega pregnant. There’s no care or support. I’d like to do that. To care and support omegas.”
The man looks as if he's been slapped. "Ten years. I was with him for ten years. He cheated on me everyday. I came home after working for him all day to find him in my bed with that whore! My children were in that house! He was fucking around behind my back with the kids in the next room! How would you feel if you came home and he was in bed with someone else? How would you react to having your whole world crash and burned around you?!?" He screams.
“You’re going to be a good boy and give her every last drop in your balls, aren’t you?” He smirks and spanks him against, rubbing his prostate nonstop.
“That it does. I haven’t gotten a tan in nearly two thousand years. It really isn’t doing much for my completion.” Crystal smiles and sips from her glass. “What about Tyrannous?” She nearly hisses, never having liked him but after Camille’s death she was suspicious of him.
"I'm glad she's doing better." He holds him close. "It'll be alright. Sherlock and John went out with your dad so he could have some space. My dad is out in the garage working. And Turk gave your mum a good talking to after Sky ran out sobbing. Everyone just needs to relax and cool off." He kisses his head.
Sherlock frowns. “Easy? This is our home. Jesus John, I can’t loose her. She’s the closest thing to a mother I’ve ever had. I suppose you can’t understand that.”
"Next she's going to start asking to sleep over at Hayleys house." John comments when Rosie and Hayley go off together to talk to a few of the other kids. "Then Gina will be a permanent fixture in our lives.."
She nods and eases him out of the memory. ‘We can go back whenever you want, Brent..’ She says softly.
"He's been good to us," John admits, though he doesn't go as far as mentioning his and Mycroft's truce.
Greg hands John the bags as he loads the car. "There is some kind of festival going on this week in Sussex. It's about bees I think."
"We could announce Jacobs' death..." Joann says in a shaky voice. "People don't think well when they're angry. Get him mad, and he'll slip up. Jim has a temper, it's his biggest weakness."
Mycroft blushes slightly, but gives a small smile. "I could say the same." He murmurs, opening his toiletries to find his comb. "I need to tame this awful mess."
“The girl who was here for the special event, she wasn’t being treated right and needs a break. Is there some place with like a private bath and a bed that we can take her? And some water, too.”
"It's a wedding invitation for today. Apparently I'm getting married to your father." She hums and hands him the invitation. She opens the rectangular wooden box and gasps softly.
He pulls until just the tip of one of Sherlock's feet is touching the pavement, then locks the pulley in place.
'He stared his usual shit. I told him I had enough. That I'm done playing his games. He's now the prey and no longer the hunter. I have an operation being executed that's taken years of planning. He's no longer a threat at this point and soon he'll be brought to me to meet his end. Then I'll finally be freer..'
She turns and bends over, pulling up her dress and letting her panties slip down her her heels. “You’re the first man that’s ever seen me like this. So desperate and needy. You’re the first real cock that’s going to be inside me.” She whimpers, her cunt a sloppy wet mess for him.
He nods and rubs his thumb over his knuckles. “Sherlock, ever since I’ve met you everything has changed completely. You have taken my world and turned it upside down. And I wouldn’t change it for anything. You have given me something that I didn’t even know was missing. You gave me purpose. You saved me so many times and in so many ways I can’t even count. I don’t want anything else but this life with you. I don’t want anyone but you. I choose you. Everyday. I’ll choose you everyday for the rest of our lives.” He holds his hand and sinks down onto one knee. “Sherlock Holmes, will you do me the honor of marrying me?”
He smirks and swirls his tongue around the head, wanting to see if Mycroft can come just from playing with the tip.
‘Of course.’ Sky laughs. “Hello, princess.” Eli smiles and scoops her up into the saddle in front of him.
Crystal nods. “Right right.” She turns to the blown out wall and waved her hand, all the pieces slowly coming back together.
“That’s true. I’m sure he’ll find a way to take credit.” John smiles and rolls his eyes. “You know when he first met me that night, he asked me if we were a couple?”
"Please. I'm so close. I need it. Please!" He begs and tries to angle his hips so Sherlock's hits his prostate.
She moans softly and arches back against him. “Please. Need you. Please please.” She begs, widening her stance a bit to give him more room.
Margaret smiles and nods, leaving them to rest. “Hungry?” She smiles at the kids as they come into the dining room.
She calms down a bit as Michael holds her. "N-n-need s-shower." She whimpers softly as she trembles and twitches as she moves away from Michael.
“A new casino. They want my backing. And money. We’re gonna decide whether it’s a good idea or not.” Eli hums.
John sits down besides his mum. “What do you mean? She can see different things? I thought they- you could only see vampires and such for what they are.” He frowns.
Two: Sherlock would kick him out for legal reasons. Alphas were not supposed to lodge with unbound Omegas unless they were already bound, and for one reason or another, their bound mate couldn’t produce children. Then, it was acceptable for an alpha to invite a second omega into their home, whose purpose would be to become a surrogate parent. (And quite often, more simply put a fuck toy.)
“Umm maybe a three for the pointer finger. Five and a half for the middle and ring. Two and a half or three for the pinky.” Greg nods.
Sherlock blushes as they argue, blushing brighter at Collins's words. "Yes! Yes, please. Both of you."
"Very well. I'll have them available to you by the end of the evening." Then there is a click as he hangs up.
He hums happily and kisses him deeply. "Mm how about you take me home and show me who I belong to?" He purrs.
“Wait!” John calls out, rushing over to grab the nurse's hands. “What are you doing? What are you putting in the IV?! Who are you?” He grabs at her and pushes her back, unscrewing the syringe. Some of it has already gone in. “Mycroft!” He yells out for help. “Who the hell are you?” He growls at her again.
"So, what do we do in the meantime, while we wait for my next heat? Go back to normal? I go back to my room, you to yours? We... what? Kiss occasionally?"
“It wouldn’t be the first time.” She sighs. “It’ll be fine. I have more security at the hospital to make sure you guys are safe. Turk has the estate ready in case he needs to lock it down. Healers are coming to help Mycroft now. It’ll be okay.”
“That’s good.” Sherlock hums and nods. “He did. Ate a bit and went back to sleep. I told him Camille wants to turn him. He wasn’t happy that he wouldn’t be able to be my King..”
"I don't think I'll ever get my fill of fucking you. I'll just have to take you over and over." She smirks and fucks him harder.
She takes the stuffed teddy and snuggles down into her sleeping bag, hugging him close. "Night daddy, night Papa."
Mycroft groans and grins against Magdala. “Mm reminds me of the time you took me to that witches convention. I think you were pregnant with John then. I fucked you slowly as the other witches suckled from you.” He chuckles, kissing her neck.
Mycroft frowns. "He's not good on his own.. Not when he feels like this. I.. We need to get there quickly."
"Oh god. You're perfect. So perfect." She moans and grinds against his leg as she grinds her leg against him.
"You as well." John smiles. "I don't really know why I'm here. I had a panic attack a few nights ago and John suggested it might be helpful if I had an appointment with you." Sky rubs her thumb overs her cast.
Sky does backflips and cartwheels following Sherlock, feeding off his excited energy. Greg rolls his eyes and hops the gate following them.
He nods and smiles. “That’s okay. So long as he’s not hurt.” He bends down to kiss Margaret’s cheek before he heads off for their bedroom.
He moans loudly against Collin's lips, rutting against Mycroft's hand and back against them. His body tightens around them as he comes hard suddenly.
"Do I know who I want to be with? Yes I do. I can see them in my mind clearer that I can see you in front of me here." Sky hums.
Sherlock has also stripped down, now naked and curled up against Mycroft. He blushes a bit as he feels Mycroft’s body against his.
“I think so.” Sherlock hums, gently pressing kisses to John’s skin. “I’ve never heard of an omega biting an alpha back. I’ll do some research later.” He mumbles.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, knowing Mycroft already knows that John left and took Rosie. “Because, Mycroft. Sentiment, alright?” He snaps. “Just get it done. Please..”
'Mm, of course, baby girl. Do what she wanted you to do. Spit my cum in her mouth. Make her squirm while I fuck you. Make her squirt. Make a mess of the kitchen. I'm sure there's something here that you could fuck her with, unless you just want to use your fist?' He smirks.
Harry scrambles out of the chair. “Soulmate? You know those are just stories, John. Make it easier for omega’s to swallow their place.”
“Sherlock…” John looks at him in disbelief. For a brief moment, he wonders if he imagined the whole thing but he is standing here in his wedding suit. He can’t have. “The… the drugs… for a moment there I thought you were going to die! And the things you said… do you really not remember?!”
"How come you don't come see us more often?" Elijah smiles, holding Sky. "Mm how come you don't come see me?" Sky pouts, wrapping her legs around his waist. "I asked you first." He chuckles. "I asked you second." She smiles. "I have en empire to run." He smiles. "Well so do I." She giggles.
John combs his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Sherlock, listen to me." He murmurs. "Did you understand what I said?"
Leona frowns, and shakes her head. She steps up to Pythia, being careful not to look at Diōnē’s body and hugs her, making sure Pythia can feel her stomach, and where Diōnē is.
“Oh no. I’d be your child. Treat me as you’d treat your child. I’d still have to learn out to behave and be a child of a witch and a vampire.” Diōnē smiles softly.
"Looks like the food’s here just in time." John says, crawling out from under the sheet and getting to his feet. "Why don't you guys pick out a movie while I answer the door."
Sherlock nods and takes John’s hand. “I saw Mycroft go right past me, a while ago, we may as well start that way.” He smiles and kissing John’s cheek.
Magdala bats Crystal away softly and starts to undo her clothing, taking it off. “I’ve missed you too Mycie. Please, bite me. I’ve missed this too much to play games.” She begs, exposing her neck to him.
John races in and seeing the dead body of James Moriarty, he skidded to a stop in the bedroom doorway. He gingerly stepped over the body, between the two bodyguards and over to Sherlock, hugging him close. "Sherlock! Oh, Sherlock, are you alright?" He worried.
“I’m sorry. I can’t imagine what it’s like leaving her again after finally getting her back.” Sherlock frowns, pulling his legs up and sitting his chin on his knees.
Sherlock drinks the bag messily and sits up, feeling a bit stronger. “Can I hold you?” He says, weakly.
Not sure what I'll do with a ring. But I'm glad it seems to be working for you. Still, it'll be something to look at that'll remind me of you. And I need every reminder of home I can get right now. I've hit the stage where if I'm not busy, I'm tempted to drown my depression in a bottle of booze. I'm holding on, but only thanks to these emails and every trinket you've sent me.
Greg blushes brightly, embarrassed for not being able to notice. **Alright, point taken. Then I’ll see you two at Collin’s club and I’ll fuck her. Then maybe we can all have some fun.—G*
“I’ll bring him in myself tomorrow. But he needs a meal and sleep. He was kidnapped by a serial killer after all.” John quips.
"When what started? Your progression to human being or your sexual awakening?" John teased, "had a think for limps did you?"
“This is going to be wonderful, John.” Sherlock grinned while pacing around the room as if standing still were physically impossible for him.
Sherlock laughs, letting Rosie lead him wherever she likes. He unlocks the flat once they get there, letting Rosie go first.
"What would she have done if you or Mycroft had turned out to be Omegas? I mean, I know she isn't exactly maternal. But, to sell your own children..." John shakes his head as he watches their pups play. "They're people, just like you and I. Have their own wants and desires. Granted, right now all ours want to do is eat and pick each other's noses... But." He trails off, knowing he doesn't need to explain himself to Sherlock.
‘If you want.’ She smiles. Matthias stills for a second then chuckles softly, turning to look at Turk as Sky talks in his head.
Sherlock bites his lip, watching John shuddering through his orgasm. "You are so beautiful when you come." He murmurs.
"I.. I don't control it. It just happens. I don't want to disappear. My brain won't let me sleep unless I let them do it."
She bites her lip. "I know that you can repair clothing very well.. I was wounding if you could help me repair Lydia's mother's wedding veil.. It was torn a burned a bit by Lydia's ex. She doesn't have her mother any more so I want to fix the veil.." She pleads.
“Yeah. I was on the rugby team and track team. Plus I ran when John and Mycroft and Sherlock and I got together. It was stressful.” He shrugs.
Myropis moans as he comes deep inside her. As soon as his orgasm had finished he pulls out of her and makes a plug appear inside her. “Now stay there.” He orders, knowing she wouldn’t be able to move.
“Yeah.” Sky kisses him. “I’ve missed you and now we’re grown up. I don’t have to miss you anymore.” She whispers, trying to hold back her water breaking.
"The term refers to a person who is transgender or doesn't conform to a strict gender system." Zack says. "True but that's not exactly me." Sky frowns a bit. "So you're not transgender?" Zack frowns. "No I'm intersex. Both. I have both male and female sex organs. There was a reason Moriarty and Sebastian called me Ardhanarishvara." She bites her lip. "Oh." He hums.
He washes and rinses John several times until John’s skin starts to turn pink from scrubbing. He swallows down the anger at himself for allowing John and his pups to be put in harm's way. He was going to kill Jim, rip Jim’s throat out with his own teeth. “I’m sorry, John. I’m so sorry. This whole mess will be over soon. I promise.”
"How are you feeling? Better? Do you need anything?" John asks while running his hands down Sherlock's legs. "You're going to need food, you're skinnier than I remember seeing you... But other than that?"
She walks over and her hips sway seductively. She bites her lip coyly as she takes her hair down and walks behind his chair. She leans in close enough for him to smell her perfume as she runs her hands over his chest and arms slowly.
Sherlock goes back to John and offers him his arm. “Care for dinner, Doctor Watson?” He smiles softly.
Greg smile slowly contorts to concentration. “Sherlock, I’m going to have to let go. This is- this is getting harder.” He explains.
“A self-appointed leader whose never been on Earth.” Udos mumbles. “Whose never walked amongst the people she’s a Goddess over and suppose to protect.”
Crystal nods before answering. “I have not had much dealing with either of my brothers, after... you went to sleep Sire. However, only Mycroft is the one to send me letter now and then to see if I’m alright. Plus, I’ve heard from some of my vampires, that Augustus is not the kindest of rulers.” She explains, looking between Camille and Augustus nervously.
'You know if you all didn't feel so stressed it would really help me focus out here.' Sky hums in Mycroft's head.
Sherlock feels John’s eyes on him and forces himself to make eye contact, willing his face to remain normal.
“The rosary beads are for churchworkers only. Why are you praying to the stations of Christ?” He asks, as he looks down at John, unimpressed at his answer.
He resists the urge to buck his hips, lifting his head to watch him and moaning breathily. "Perfect.. So good, Cecil.."
John set a slow pace, pressing in and out until he was certain Sherlock was ready for him to properly thrust his hips forward. Once that was achieved he began to move with gusto, thrusting into the other man with little thought for anything but the pleasure he was feeling.
Sherlock whimpers and blushes, looking to George before realizing he expected Sherlock to answer. "A s-slut, sir."
Sherlock hums, as they travel back to The Diogenes in silence. Shortly they’re pulling up outside the front door. Sherlock gets out and offers his arm to Magdala once the bags were over his shoulders. “Are we ready?” He asks softly.
He groans and pulls her back in his cock as he thrusts forward, managing to even deeper as he hits her cervix.
He isn't sure why he cares so much about this mad man, a stranger really. But there's something about the Alpha, perhaps just the promise of danger and adventure, that makes John want to hold the man close and never let him go.
Sherlock smiles. “There’s some ghosts here John, there’s one that remembers playing with you and Margret when you were little. Lydia.” He calls, “Lydia!”
'No.. It's dark.. A wear-house.. I have the ball.. Tell Mycroft to go to the flat.. Find the other ball.. He can use it to track me down.. I'm sorry..'
Diōnē nods. “I think they’re going to end up like us, eternal. They deserve to know the whole whole truth.” She says softly.
Greg turns off the vibrator and gently pulls it out of Mycroft. Greg gets up to get a flannel and some lotion for Mycroft's sore cheeks. He comes back and wipes him down. "Roll over, love."
John blinks as Sherlock kisses him. “Umm thanks.” He smiles sheepishly, no freaking out. “I got the umm.. The jeans. And shirts for you.” He says, mouth trying to catch up to his brain.
"He has this whole intimidating thing because he so tall and because of his job but he's just the biggest softy ever."
"Good." Eli smiles. "Thank you, baby." Veronica smiles and kisses him. "You're welcome." He smiles and kisses her back. "Now I have to get ready to go because Sky is taking me out to get ready for my party later." She smiles happily.
“Mm I think I’ll push you to the edge of almost blacking out. Then I’ll let you come.” Mycroft slams into Sherlock, cutting off his air completely.
Smiling, Leona plays with Dominic’s hair. “I love you, so much. So much more every time you make me come.”
“Well you know time is a construct and doesn’t really mean much except for time is passing.” Mrs. Hudson hums. “Allegedly.” Pythia laughs and Mrs Hudson rolls her eyes. “So the God and Lucifer you know are the original. And then as time went on people started worshipping other gods and things, bringing them into existence. Then the original God decided to be known. Then you get Jewish people, Christians, Catholics, and Muslims. So the timeline for everything can get a confusing.” Mrs. Hudson nods
“Listen to her. Begging to be fucked again. My cock hasn’t even been out of you for twenty minutes yet and you’re already begging for it.” Samuel smirks. “Welcome to my world.” Collin chuckles.
Sherlock leans in and nuzzles John, resting his hands on his hips. “Sorry. That may have been a bit overboard.”
Timothy, Sarah and Eric enter the room just as Thomas and Brian are done blushing at each other. John steers everyone towards the dining room then calls upstairs.
“Good.” Greg chuckles softly and smiles, gently putting Mycroft’s arm back when he’s finished. “Would you like to do your chest or you back next?”
She moans and arches, pressing back against him. "Make sure you get me nice and full with your come. I want to feel it inside me. Claiming me. Impregnating me." She mewls.
He stands there fidgeting on the spot, awaiting a response, not wanting to intrude. This isn’t his flat anymore, after all.
Sherlock frowns as he takes the cigarette, taking a drag as Greg lights it. "I was going to introduce everyone today.."
Greg nods. “I’m not sorry I hit I’m. I’d do it again.” He hums. “I probably should have let you fight your own battle but I’m going to be your husband. We’re in this together.” He says softly.
"Mm your cum must have been pouring out of her." Sherlock chuckles and teases her clit. Lydia whimpers and trembles, taking John's cock all the way down. James holds John's hips and starts to fuck him in earnest, aiming for his prostate knowing John can't come because of the cock ring.
"Mhmm.. I think I could use some more cum inside me. And I haven't even gotten any piss yet." He pouts a bit.
"Mm.." He kisses him softly. "Tell me your vision.. How do you picture our wedding day?" He nuzzles him.
"Mmm... I've been told older brothers often are." He murmurs. "Him more so than others, I'll wager."
“On when you want to be due. You could stay like this for as long as you want.” John leans in and kisses Sherlock’s belly.
Sky frowns a bit and bites her lip. "Part two." Turk hums and rubs her back. "By the time we get back I should be able to get pregnant." She smiles.
She smiles up at him, putting Nova and Nebula back in the bassinet before fixing her shirt when the finish eating.
Sherlock smiles and hugs Mycroft hard. “Does that mean, that when I touch Camille, I will be able to feel your feelings?” He asks.
He pinches the bridge of his nose and takes a deep breath. "Yes alright. Thank you." He hangs up the phone. "They stopped her from getting the money."
John growled against Sherlock's neck, his thrusts becoming erratic. "FUCK!" He cried, his orgasm causing his cock to swell impossibly larger and his emptied himself into Sherlock, slumping against him, whimpering softly as painful aftershocks rent through him until his balls were thoroughly depleted.
"I get that. Wanting to know how much you can take." He hesitates. "I wanted to see how long my body could fight it off--the cancer--before I started treatment. Suppose it's because I don't have much left here for me, I didn't think it mattered if I was here or not."
"John!" Lydia calls out. "I need you to take Sherlock to get his head scanned I'm going to get a rush in his blood test." She goes with the blood test and John takes Sherlock to get a scan.
Camille nods. “She attacked Greg. She’s sparked a rebellion. Apparently Greg and John thought it was a good idea to go to Alderose’s. They brought her back here. I killed her and now I’m going to burn her. You are my witness.” She lights a match.
“I’ll tell her about me, but you need to explain what is going on with your emotions. I don’t think I can explain it well enough.” Mycroft frowns.
Long fingers tease her breasts, tweak nipples, and slide down her sides in a light touch. Harry arches into the joint assault and lets out a low moan.
She giggles and stretches. "God, when you come it's buckets and buckets.  I can already feel it leaking out of me."
He looked at his schedule. A new patient. He gathered a new folder and some new note paper, fixing them up in a patient folder, and waited patiently as he clasped his hands on his desk, smiling benignly.
“Good. Want that.” She blushes and nods, dripping down her thighs as her contractions make her more desperate.
Greg bites his lip and leans with his back against the police car away from the crime scene and people. "I'd love it.. I'd live every filthy second of it. Please, My." He says feeling desperate.
"I'd rather die." Violet snaps and storms off. Sky just stands there in shock, red hand print forming on her cheek.
Sherlock gasps and moans, tears falling. "J-John.. I need him.. Need his big cock.. I need him to fuck me, to fill me.. Christ.. I'll do whatever I need to.. I'll wait as long as I have to.. I just need him to fuck me.."
"Don't frown, Crofty. I knew you two weren't coming back. That's why I pick pocketed you. By the way dinner is on you." Sky winks at him and giggles. Sherlock laughs into his container of door.
Greg hums as he looks around, smiling as he sees Collin. He goes over to him and stretches up to kiss him.
"Mm you should listen to him, Greg. It doesn't matter anyway. I'll be seeing you soon. I have some more words I want you to bare.." Sherrinford chuckles and hangs up. Greg just stands there holding the phone with his arms over his chest protecting himself.
“Mm I promise I’ll knock you up on the trip. Pump you nice and full of my cum.” Mycroft kisses his neck and strokes him.
He smirks. "I want you to come with me." He thrusts his fingers roughly and pinches her nipple with his free hand as he comes hard onto her face.
Mycroft hums, laying back against the bed in the room at the back of the jet, thankful he had locked the door. “I’m sure he’s been fucking himself when he can. Even just grinding against surfaces to get himself off.”
"Mm." John goes out and over to the nurses station. "Morning. Do you think I could get an estimate of how much longer Sherlock Holmes will be here? He's getting antsy." John asks the nurse.
Lydia smiles and nods. "Well if you boys will excuse me I think I've earned the night off. I have a date to get ready for."
Mycroft smiles and chews on Crystal’s lip, slowly grinding against her body. He moans happily into her mouth.
He blushes. 'I suppose I've known for a while.. Years, I think. I didn't think I had any chance and I didn't want to ruin anything I had with him.'
Mycroft nodded. "Good." He murmured, biting his lip. "I... wouldn't be against this being.... a regular thing... as long as our calendars coincide." He chuckles. "Even a minor position in the British government can be... taxing."
Collin smirks and angles his hips to hit Greg's prostate with each thrust. John moans and strokes Greg's cock.
Sherlock hums as he pulls on his tight v-neck. “Mm, John, should I wear shorts?” He looks through his shorts, staying longer at the booty shorts.
"I'm yours. I'm yours." She mewls, tipping her head back. "I never thought I'd want this. Want someone inside me so badly. Never thought I could let it happen. You're perfect. So perfect. You feel so good." She moans as he finally all the way inside her. "So big. Feels so good. So full." She nearly writhes under him and he's barely touched her yet.
He gets up and goes to make tea, knowing Sherlock likes the warmth and it makes him feel better. “Was she found by your people? Were they able to bury her? Or give her a proper funeral? Something?” He asks as he comes back, carrying their mugs.
Sherlock whimpers quietly and opens his legs wider. No one really pays close attention to them as the continue the game. "Sherlock it's your turn to pick someone." Sally giggles as she finishes another drink.
He whimpers and does at he told. He grinds and ruts against Sherlock desperately. "Daddy.. Daddy, please.." He mewls and bucks his hips needy.
"Sherlock. A word?" he asks, then pulls Sherlock aside. "I... Teddy, can you feel her? She's not there, not like the other pups. You don't think she and Eric..."
[And what about me? How am I going to keep you young? Because lately I think I've given you more than your fair share of grey hairs.]
He gasps and mewls softly, thankful that the music was so loud. He pulls Jake into a kiss to muffle himself. "How about we go and find one of those other clubs?" He mumbles against Jake, knowing Eli could hear him as well.
Sky gently takes her nipple from his mouth and moves him closer to Violet. Peter whines softly, soft lips still making little sucking movements. “He’s just so cute.” Sky giggles quietly, rubbing Violet’s nipple against his lips. Peter latches almost immediately, making happy little noises as he gets to suckle again.
“Just a small one. For both of us.” Sherlock relented. He was going to need some liquid courage to get through this. Maybe if John knew he was gay that would help? After they got together, John had said that he thought Sherlock didn’t do that sort of thing. “Do you think James Bond swings both ways? He’s supposedly a lady killer but if you’re a spy I’m sure you need to know how to seduce any gender. What I’d let him do to me… ” He mumbled the last sentence, but made it clear enough so John would hear it.
He blinks a bit. “How does she plan on stopping it? I.. I didn’t realize there were still people like us out there.”
John looks at them for another moment before going upstairs. He sits on his bed and rubs his hand over his face. “Married.. Pretend married.” He mumbles. “This is barmy.” He shakes his head and gets up, starting to pack.
“Precisely you know all. And I’m not really a genius, I’ve just had time to learn.” Sherlock comments.
Mycroft closes the bedroom door and pushes Sherlock back against it. "Mm maybe I should fucking you right against this door." He growls and bites at his throat as he grind against him.
“Mm you like it when Mummy talks about your little cock, don’t you?” She smirks and rubs his hair gently. She knows his cock isn’t little but he blushes so nicely when she makes it sound tiny.
He smiles and hums. “What about our whole relationship thing? Think it would be something you’re interested in?”
“People get weirded out when you tell them you’re immortal they get weirded out. Start experimenting on you and shit.” Pythia shrugs.
"As well as can be expected...he didn't say no...so that's a plus. He's rejected every other omega we've tried to set him up with." Mummy replied.
"I dunno... I've never gone to school. I've never ridden a bike. I've never been to a water park. I've never been to an arcade. I've never done a lot of things I guess." She shrugs.
"No, Sherlock should be here shortly," John says, leaning in and kissing her on her cheek. "Go enjoy bridge, and brag all about your bonded couple. Sherlock will be here soon, and Harry is more bark than she is bite. After all, she can't seem to find an Omega to bond."
“I did.” Sherlock breathes. “Being in church was the only time of the day I didn’t work. I didn’t like it much, much too dull but I was safe, so I put up with it. I even worked Sunday afternoon.” He explains quietly, not sure if John got the importance of working on a Sunday. “I lived at the workhouse. My parents were too poor to look after us, so they sent me, the youngest, away to work, as they collected my pay cheques.” Sherlock squeezes John tightly. “I worked in the furnace room. Cleaning the chimney because I was small.” He whispers.
"She should. I miss her. God I miss her so much. I'll talk to her if you want. Convince her to come. She'll love it here." She smiles softly.
Sky smiles as Turk carries her to bed. Lydia smiles and leads John out to the car, driving them to work. "We're in the emergency room tonight."
“You’ve never experienced the kind of freedom John has. He’s always had the ability to make his own decisions. To make up his own mind. To chart his own course of action. All of that will be taken from him. He will not be allowed to differ. He will not be allowed to say no. He will not be allowed to disobey even when his moral compass is screaming at him to say different. The pillars of his character will be stripped from him.” Magdala tears up, desperate. “Do you know what crystal told me earlier? She said Camille’s trying to isolate her. She said Camille told her she’s strong on the outside but she’s weak on the inside because she ran from her problems. That she’s weak and not worthy of praise. That’s her mother saying those things to her! Crystal says either she complies and does what Camille wants or she’s sireless. That’s it. Do you really want that for John? To be stripped of all his autonomy? Of his ability to chose? I’ve read your blog with him. You love those qualities in him. How he always does the right thing even when it’s hard. If he’s turned he won’t have a choice. He’ll lose that part of himself you love so much.” She wipes her eyes. “Please. Just give me some time to come up with other options.”
"Okay." She grumbles, "I just don't like you being all alone." They head to get the garlic bread before meeting up with John.
“Someone planned this. To take Sky. We’re going to get her back.” Mycroft frowns and rubs Sherlock’s back.
John isn't quite sure where to place the box, so he placed it on the coffee table, then on a whim climbs the stairs to his room and comes back with half his bedding in tow.
Mycroft whined at the loss, but obeys, stripping off his swim trunks and shoes, lying on the bed, prick bobbing proudly against his belly.
"I don't give a rats ass what you do with the baby. You're just a cumdump." He smirks, thrusting harder.
“They just have funny thoughts. Like doggy’s always think about belly rubs or treats and cat want a sunny spot.”
John holds his and rubs his back. "I've got you.. It's safe now.. I've got you.." He kisses his head softly.
Jason is waiting for Sherlock downstairs, not having told Sherlock where he'd been since he knows Sherlock loves to deduce it.
Sherlock caves rather quickly, not wanting to see his omega upset, and decides to take a small case just to make a show of being out as if they’ve given up on what happened at John’s house.
Sherlock moans. He reaches up and takes ahold of the headrest. “I’m so horny I’m not tired. I just... I want you to make me your slut. Your whore. Please.” He begs.
Violet blushes brightly as she watches them. “Who’ve you got with you?” Steve licks his lips s he looks Violet over.
"I know that," he starts, "I know Rosie considers you her other dad. Whenever she came home with drawings of her family she would always include you. And when we moved out...she still calls Baker Street home no matter how often I remind her that it's not." He stops walking to look across at his little girl. "If you're going to see her then we need to set some rules. The first of which is no cases when she's around. I don't want you forgetting all about her needs because your mind is distracted by solving murders."
She purrs, nibbling and marking his throat as she rocks with him. “Mm you like it don’t you? When I act out and we make up and I let you take my wet little pussy.”
Sherlock moans loudly as Collin and John push his tongue further into Carol's cunt. John keeps fucking Carol, thrusting faster.
“Then I’d run my tongue over your arsehole. Just a taste. My hot wet tongue against your twitching sensitive hole.”
Mycroft rubs his face. He never knew one person could be so annoying, but then again he was a Watson. He opens up his laptop and carries on with his work, he isn’t going to do as some annoying little child asks him to. He will be dead in fifty years or so. What is fifty years to someone over a thousand years old?
"Not a problem. Rest up, Greg. Keep an eye on him, Mycroft. Now back to my patient." John says as he heads for the door.
"Not at all. You're so handsome with or without it. You body does look more relaxed without it though." He smiles softly.
Sherlock nods. “Though I don’t think she’ll stop at one baby.” He smiles. “Surely you’ve heard of a... breeding kink, right?” Sherlock murmurs, not sure if he should be telling Crystal about this.
Mycroft shivers from the tone and kisses him softly. "I love you too.. Such a good boy.." He mutters against his lips.
John whines as he comes down in Sherlock’s arms. “Main tumase pyaar karata hoon.” He slurs, his eyes blown wide as he looks up at Sherlock.
“I’m glad you think so.” Greg furrows his brow, not entirely sure how he should have responded. “Why do you think that?” He asks.
"Mm yeah that's good.." He smiles and nods the he remembers he was supposed to talk to Greg about the nightmare that woke him up that morning. "Oh that little shit.." He chuckles and shakes his head.
When Mycroft's teeth unclench from her neck she pulls him close, stealing a short but hard kiss before twisting his to the side so she has access to his neck.
John thinks for a minute then nods. “Harry and I only saw him when we went to witch things. But you saw him more often, didn’t you?”
He kisses his thighs and slowly moves his finger in and out of him. "Look at you. So handsome. So needy." Violet kisses his chest and strokes him.
John shakes his head. “I’m just curious how it works, if Crystal allowed anyone close to her breasts.” He shrugs.
A few hours later, the plane lands in London, Sherlock sits up and grabs the two bags, before looking over at Magdala.
Mycroft slowly sinks his fangs into her neck, moaning loudly. He drinks slowly, savouring the taste.
Turk hovers his hands over his body. "I know this looks like mumbo jumbo but it's real." He chuckles.
Zack blushes brightly and smiles. 'But, that means..' He lets his thought trail off, glancing down at Chloe.
"Well, I have been known to entertain self destructive behaviour. If that includes getting fucked into the mattress by you every night, then, yes. Here I am." Sherlock grinned.
John takes the paper and looks down at all the passwords and screen names. This little gesture wipes the frown from his face and he can feel the corner of his lip turning up in a small smile. "How often do you want to see her?"
He kisses up his body and eases his fingers out of him. He kisses him softly and holds his hips. "Ready?"
“Come. Come for me, baby. Spend your little cock all over your full belly.” John mumbles and kisses him hard as he snaps his hips.
He hums softly as the water runs down his body. He was extremely fit from all his training, even having eight pack abs.
"Anderson is very jealous of you. He's spent years learning his job and you just show up and do it in give second.  But he also wants to fuck you. Well he wants to fuck everyone. He's a sex addict. I have no idea how his wife put up with him."
"You're not sorry. You're perfect." He nuzzles him, smiling. "But we really do need to get up before Sky shows up and drags us out of bed by our ears." He chuckles and stretches.
John smiles and relaxes. “I don’t have much at mine. Shouldn’t take us more than an hour to pack everything up.”
"Oh good everyone's ready. You look beautiful, my bride." George smiles in his tux and looks at Sky. "Thank you, George. You look dashing." Sky smiles. "Thank you. Greg if you'd like to come to my office again for a moment I have a few people you want to meet waiting in there." George turns to Greg.
He gently places his hand on Sherlock’s chest, over his heart in reassurance, before slowly unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, keeping his eyes firmly in contact with the taller man’s, to make sure he doesn’t get scared off. He carefully slides the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders again, this time letting it fall to the floor, not saying a word. He leans in, rising on his toes slightly to place a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s collarbone first. Then, still in silence, he walks around Sherlock to stand behind him, taking in the sight of his back one more time, more closely. He can see Sherlock’s shoulders stiffen slightly, but he needs to do this. He needs to let Sherlock know.
John cries out, arching against him. "Sherlock! Yes!" He moans loudly, pushing back to meet his thrusts.
Sherlock is standing with the girls, listening to their gossip about school and their excited chatter about staying overnight at the museum.
“She is otherwise occupied.” Camille explains. “Plus I did not want to overwhelm you with multiple vampires in your home.” She smiles softly.
"Well, they're all horn dogs," Tara says with a roll of her eyes. Though she looks up at her parents with curiosity. "So... I find out..."
Eli chuckles and smiles, showing him around. "They're all Eco friendly. All electric with zero emissions. And they're completely recycled from other vehicle parts. No waste and no harm to the earth." He grins proudly.
“Did you take the last tray out of the oven?” Violet asks. “Yes, Ma’am.” Carol whimpers. “Good girl. Now we can go play.” Violet smirks and carol blushes, making needy sounds already.
“Oh please, John. I’m the size of a house. Everyone’s just being polite about it till we tell them.” Sherlock chuckled. “We can tell them on Christmas at my parent's house. Everyone is going to be there. How Clara convinced Harry to go I have no idea.” He shrugged. “Oh shit. Clara.” He pulled out his phone and dialled. “Fuck fuck fuck.”
Mycroft pulls back as his phone vibrates. “Hello? What do you mean? And you let her? Where?” He frowns.
Mycroft has to excuse himself to the restroom to avoid coming in his chair. He locks himself in a stall and frees his leaking cock. He holds it in his hand and sends a picture to Greg, along with a text. **Christ, Greg, you've made me so hard.. I had to leave the meeting because of this. All I want is to press you against the wall and fuck your brains out. I suppose my hand will have to do for now. I'll have you when I see you. --MH** He covers his mouth to muffle his moans as he comes into his hand. He takes and sends more pictures to Greg. One of the mess in his hand and another of him licking it off of his fingers.
She smiles and nuzzles him. "More people are coming tonight. Anthea and Lydia. You haven't met them yet. Anthea works with Mycroft and Lydia is a hearing specialist as well as a surgeon. John is going to work with her starting Monday. He's a doctor." She hums.
“Now I can’t have any kind of sexual contact without feeling like I’m in control. Even when I seem submissive I never let it go to far where I can’t take back control.”
Greg blinks for a moment. He had only been thinking about things from a moment to moment basis since everything has been so hectic. "I.. It does make more sense.."
"We need to approach this carefully. She might not be born a Watson, but she's one of us through and through. Do you have an agent, someone who can live with us? Someone to play both roles of protector hired by you to watch over your family's
“Yes yes yours. All yours. Anyone who wants it can take it. Fuck it. Fill in with whatever.” She moans, arse rippling each thing her thrusts.
He smirks and rubs his inner thigh. “Would you like them to come on you while I fuck you? Make you a nice, proper, dirty whore?”
"I'm so glad she accepted the drink I sent over to her. I don't know if I could've handled it if she rejected me.." He bites his lip, looking down. He had been so close that night to just ending everything, but Sky had stopped him.
“You’ll be able to feel them. When they’re bigger you’ll feel them move.” John smiles softly and rubs his belly.
Crystal blushes and licks her lips as she looks down at him. “I want to finish what I started.” She purrs and kisses down his body. “No moving.”
“A lot of different people used to come into dad’s restaurant. I was going to take it over before..” Greg shrugs. “Before I changed my studies and decided to be a cop.”
“Love when my sluts are loud..” He growls, snapping his hips. “If you want my cum, you’ll have to beg.”
She blushes and does as she’s told. She arches her back and her belly rubs against the bed as she puts her arse in the air for him.
Sherlock carries Greg into the bedroom and lays him back down on the bed. He picks up Greg’s ring and puts it in his hand. He steps away, so John can reattach everything.
Sherlock smiles as he watches him finish it. He takes the fork and takes a bite of it. "Mm.." His entire body relaxes and he hums softly. "Amazing."
“Nothing. He said she was a normal secretary. Never took a sick day until the day before she died.” Sherlock sighs.
"Personally I think Jean is wasting his time on you and you should feel blessed he even breathes the same air as you." Sky hums and takes a drink.
"It was the best. You both weren't ready." She nuzzles him. "I invited them to the meeting. Along with John's friends Brian and Cynthia." She smirks.
“Because you told me to get out. So I did..” John frowns, looking at Sherlock. He can tell he’s getting weak.
He holds him close and rubs his back. A few minutes later a small puppy comes bounding in and jumps up onto the couch and burrows between Sherlock and Mycroft. "Has anyone seen a puppy?" George asks as he passes the sitting room. The puppy looks at Sherlock like he's begging him not to tell George where he's hiding.
'. He watched as Sherlock bolted like a scared rabbit. "Jesus fuck..." He swore. "He won't listen to me. He won't
‘Mm I should just feed the babies while you lot fuck me. They won’t remember and it’ll give you guys more time to fill me up.’ She rocks back against Jean and Jake while keeping her tits close to Benny and Michael’s faces.
"I always want to know how you feel. Always. Especially when you're upset. The thing is Carol.. She gets postpartum depression. And she doesn't let me help her. Barely let's me go near her. So I thought that maybe she wouldn't push John away. But things got messy and now she doesn't want anyone. She hold up in our room with the baby."
“I don’t think I should come back from the dead yet. This case isn’t finished. It’s not over..” Sherlock frowns.
John hums and pulls back, his eyes still closed. “Can you taste food on me? Because I can taste iron on you.” He says softly.
He smiles and kisses him back, wrapping his arm around him. “Mm you feel different.” He nuzzles him.
Mycroft holds her hips and grinds into her as he continues to suck and moan. He kisses up Crystal’s chest and starts to kiss her hard. “What do you want?” He asks.
“Oh god I wish I could. Look at me Sherlock. You need to breath. Look at me. William Sherlock Scott Holmes look at me!”
“Okay. If you wanna.” Lydia giggles before her face goes dark, blood starting to drip from her eyes and nose. “Boo!” She says, a high pitched shrieking tone.
“I want you and John to go first. People can play with each other as long as their cum ends up in me.” Maggie grins, excited.
"We'll be asked about pups, and how many we want? When we'll be having them..." He groans again and hits his head against the wheel a few times.
“Fuck.” Cecil growls and pulls Sherlock’s fingers out of himself. He grips his hips and sinks his thick cock into Sherlock’s juicy cunt.
John is mesmerised. At first, just at the sheer fact that Sherlock trusts him enough to show it, but then, at the fact that this is Sherlock,
John smiles and kisses her forehead. “I’m sorry, I’m worrying over you.” He says softly. “I want to make sure you’re safe. Just like you did for me, when I was little.” He says softly.
"Anyone who had you before me and walked away is an idiot. I plan on keeping you forever." She hums and kisses his neck.
She smiles and nods. She rubs her back as groans softly as another contraction starts. "I think it would be best if you got Sky now." She whimpers.
She pulls him in and kisses him deeply as she rubs her belly, stroking his cock as he fucks her womb.
She gasps and giggles as the babies kick. "Do you want to feel them?" She asks softly, knowing he hasn't felt them move yet.
“Well I tried and he called me a monster so..” Sherlock shrugs, trying not to let on how deeply hurt he actually was.
He snorts softly. “I apologize. Someone of your age should not have had to deal with people like that.”
Deciding it's probably a better idea to take a seat next to Sherlock, he moves over to the couch and sits down.
Violet moans at the praise and spreads her legs. Sky watches them closely, getting wet watching her Daddy’s fingers near another pussy.
Mycroft moans loudly and bucks up into him. "I.. Y-You.. No, John.." He bites his lip. "N-No, both of you.."
John stills for a moment in surprise before kissing Sherlock back, sinking his hands into those perfect curls.
Sky sits his coffee mug on the counter as Greg comes out. "It's just the way you like it." She hums as she cooks.
John licks his lips, stroking himself as he approaches Violet. "Christ, you're soaked.." He smirks, rubbing his cock against her cunt.
“Does it feel like a migraine?” John asks, feeling Greg’s forehead. “Do you remember what happened?”
John smiles. “Well look how perfect you are, you deserve it.” He says softly. “But you have to give me something in return.” He smiles resting his hand on Morna’s stomach.
Sky blushes and licks her lips. She moves and bends over the table, splitting her legs on the edge of the table in a perfect split.
“That means you’ll have to pull out for a second.” She giggles, feeling still rocking a bit inside her.
John turns and hugs Crystal. “Thank you. For helping me saving my friends. For keeping me alive then.” He says softly. “I got shot, in the shoulder.” John fingers the wound. “I had to talk someone through removing the bullet.” He whispers.
**I woke up and you two were gone.. And I just.. I thought.. I thought you'd at least tell me before you left.. I thought you left for good.. --SH**
“Listen if you want canned cheese spray on a cannoli at three in the morning I’m not going to say no.” Anthea grins.
Greg laughs and rolls out of bed. "Oh please.. You text him yourself. He'd like that better anyway." He winks and  goes to take a shower.
“She is a Watson. Part of a lineage that cursed me. Pardon me if I’m not too keen on the idea of spending the rest of eternity with her.” Mycroft sighs.
John bites his lower lip in a slight indication of not knowing what to say. "So..." He says after a moment. "Crap telly?"
"One of the twins is telekinetic. If the baby has an ability I gain it as well to teach them how to use it when they're born." She hums.
John pats Margaret’s arse softly. “Wait for Sherlock to be ready, you’re too eager.” He moans as Sherlock starts to widen him.
"Yeah well, she's a fat cow," John growls out. "I'm still pissed at her. I did see Uncle Matt though. He's doing well. I'm sure he'd love to know you two are okay. When the time is right, we should call him."
He moans loudly and arches off the desk. “Yes! Please, Mikey! Make me look like them!” He begs, crying out as he comes hard suddenly around his cock.
John sighs into the kiss and let his tongue explore Sherlock’s mouth. He feels his gums, curious to see if he could feel where his fangs were.
"Okay, now you're just taking the piss," he says with a frown. But when she doesn't say anything and continues to hold up the fingers he is forced to reply if only to make her move, "two."
“I do want chips..” Sherlock hummed as he thought it over. “Alright.” He nodded, glancing at the bed again and blushed a bit.  “Dinner.”
“Why did she speak with the devil? I don’t understand.” Greg asks. He wants to feel something towards her, anger that she did this to him, or sadness that she’s dead, but he just can’t, it was so long ago that it doesn’t matter.
“No but you are a bit curvier.” John runs his hand over Sherlock’s rounded hips. “Would you like me to get her so you can feed some more? I know you’re hungry.”
John just smiles and closes his eyes. His body ached from head to toe, and he vaguely wondered what part of childbirth would make his feet hurt. Flashes of chaos and echoes of his screams still ring in his ears, but the hospital itself is quiet, aside from the constant buzz of nurses. When the nurse comes in next to check on him, he lifts his head and inquires about his parents and sister.
She kisses him softly and smiles. "I need to go check on dinner." She hums and nuzzles him. "Zack and Greg should have a ton of sweets made by now." She smiles happily.
"Oh." John tilts his head to the side as he watches, "jumping right into things?" He doesn't know why but for a moment he'd thought they were going to be slow about intimacy. Even after he agreed to let Sherlock give him a blowjob. But then they'd always been rather fast, especially with the limited time having a daughter allowed. "You know, you don't have to lock the door." He says, working on the buttons of his shirt.
"Mm experiments and chemistry mostly. His best ideas come to him while he dreams but he gets frustrated when he can't remember them when he wakes so sleep annoys him. But he dreams a lot about the three of you. You're all in his dreams at some point.." She smiles.
.” Sherlock says with disgust. “He’ll just stay. He’ll stay forever and on day he’ll wake up and realize that we grew old together just like it was always meant to be!”
They order and the waiter goes to get their drinks. "I should warn you now. I'm an awful dancer but if I'm a bit tipsy it's not quite as bad." Chloe giggles and blushes.
"You've always been there to ground me, Sky. To remind me of what matters. You can't honestly say you didn't feel like we were normal once, back at home."
"Mm I think every conversation we all have together is interesting.." He chuckles softly and flicks the ash.
“Oh I’m sure you won’t have to beg much.” Greg chuckles and kisses her. “You’ll look so beautiful. Even more beautiful than now which is impossible to imagine.”
Anthea drinks weakly from Camille’s wrist. She drinks for a moment before coughing up some of the blood she had just ingested.
Violet blushes and nods. “We’ve got one rule here. No contraception of any kind. If you got a womb you leave here pregnant and if you have balls you leave here with them drained.” Steve chuckles.
Mycroft smiles and steps forward. “How would you like to do it?” He asks, holding his wrists out for her.
“Alright.” Ms. Cheyenne laughs. “Definitely got the better end of the deal for sure.” She hums and nods. “So y’all fuck her, she gives you as many babies as you want, basically runs everything single handedly, and loves cock? She’s a fucking unicorn.”
As soon as the door closes, Sherlock snatches the bag off the side, finally allowing his fang to spring free. He wraps his lips tightly around the hole in the top of the bag and gulps down the fresh blood. It has been years since he has drank fresh, warm blood. After remembering the taste, Sherlock tilts his head back and finishes the bag in mere seconds. He licks at the hole and savours the taste on his tongue as he throws the bag away in the bin hidden in the bottom draw of his bedside table.
He moves as much as he can to lay his head in Darius’ lap, licking his lips as he smells Darius’ aroused scent.
Sherlock helped him into the bathroom, giving him privacy to freshen up, before helping him to the table in the sitting room, just as Mrs Hudson opened the front door.
He even starts to write a text to Sherlock about what happened but just before he goes to send it, he thinks better of it and deletes the words. They aren't like that anymore. He doesn't need to share with Sherlock and Sherlock doesn't need to know everything that's going on in his life. Last night had been a moment of connection but that was all, one moment.
"I did." He nods over to the cart by the window looking out over London. He smiles as the cart has champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and an assortment of honey treats.
“Camille made Violet promise to always protect you!” Pythia shouts. “You were Camille’s favorite son and she knew how much Violet loved you. She made Violet promise. And Violet did. Violet loved you till the day she died. Even after she stabbed you and sealed the blood pact. Don’t you see she’s still part of you and you’ve shut her away?”
John chuckles and rests his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "It's a yes for as long as you'll have me, Sherlock Holmes."
He hums and nods. “Okay.” He kisses his head. “You can always sleep with me. You know that.” He nuzzles John. He’s actually been sleeping by himself lately since everyone else was busy.
Mycroft nods, turning off his laptop and closing the lid, before getting up and following Greg to the kitchen.
"You're hot." Veronica purrs and kisses him. "Really hot." Sky hums and kisses him. They press against him and take turns kissing him.
Leona sighs. “I’m serious. Any excuse and Diōnē is going to make me come, just feeling you kissing my hip, or holding my legs. It hurts to deny the orgasms that are building up every time we touch.” She sighs.
“You want daddy to fuck you, baby? Fill you with even more cum?” He smirks as he rubs Sherlock’s still rounded belly.
Sherlock moans at the praise, moaning louder as Cecil pushes into Mycroft, making Mycroft push further into him.
"I love you, too.. So so much." He runs his nose along Michael's, liking how it went from hard fucking to soft love making. He kisses his brow to his cheek and over his jaw to his chin finally kissing his lips softly.
"I'm glad you got to come. This place is a lot of fun if you know where to go." He chuckles and smiles.
“A pretty big litter by the looks of things. He does. When we were younger he always wanted to be a farmer. Now he has all the farm animals he wants. Breeds them and sells them. His favorites are dogs though. He’s always had a soft spot for them. That’s probably why this one thinks she can be in the house. He doesn’t usually let his breeding bitches in the house. Especially when they’re this close to whelping.” He rubs Sky’s belly carefully and her leg shakes at the petting.
John scoops her up into his arms and asks her to tell him all about her day with Molly. He can see from the excitement that she's had quite the day and is bursting at the seams to tell them.
"Have you really not had alcohol since Rosie turned one?" John asks, leaning his elbows against the table. "I could have sworn..."
He pouts and presses against him. "Well, what am I supposed to do about this?" He presses his erection against him.
Sherlock smiles into John’s hair. “I love you too John.” He whispers. “I’ve not done this is a long time, so I’m going to need to take it slow. That’s why... I pushed you off at Angelos. I’m sorry. But I didn’t think we would work. A vampire and a human, I could hurt you.” He whispers as he squeezes John gently. “If you need me to wear anything so you’re not hugging a block of ice I will do.”
Sherlock hums softly as kisses John’s temple. “I’m sorry.” He says softly. “We can do something to celebrate her life if you like. Light some candles, you could teach me a prayer to say for her.” He offers, as he holds John tightly.
"No. Don't say it." she says, voice slightly shaky. She's been working so hard to get her family back together that she can't bear the thought it's not working.
"Shh. Just take a breath. You should sleep. It was a long stressful day. Sleep also helps rest the brain's functions. That should help with the stutter. You all can go back in the morning." Sherlock smiles.
“He’s brought in his nephews actually. They did some prison time and no one would hire them so Angelo brought them in. He also brought in a few other ex-convicts so they can get jobs elsewhere.” Sherlock hums, offering John some gnocchi.
She arches and looks up at the camera. "He's so deep in me. Deeper than you've ever been. So fucking deep. He's filled me with more cum in my womb than you've put in me since we've been married."
Lydia holds onto her and presses her face into Anthea's shoulder. She wishes she was taller so she could reach her better.
"I'm surprised they're that close right now, with their parents here and everything." Greg hums softly.
"So you think it would have been better to have started a mob war instead of letting her deal with it swiftly? Her powers should be used to save lives. Not take them."
‘I wouldn’t have blamed you if you did.’ Mycroft explains as he goes into the basement bedroom and goes into the bathroom. ‘It’s my fault Crys, please don’t beat yourself up about it.’
John bursts out laughing at that, placing a hand on Sherlock’s chest to steady himself, before swallowing hard at the realisation that they’re touching again. His laugh dies down and he is suddenly all seriousness and hunger, his eyes raking over Sherlock’s form again. He licks his lips without realising he’s doing it. “Oh screw it,” he says, and grabs Sherlock’s face to kiss him wildly. “Going slow is overrated,” he growls into Sherlock’s mouth as he pushes Sherlock to make him lie lengthways, laying his weight on top of Sherlock, giving him a much better angle to be in complete control.
“I’m a speech therapist. Alex is a coordinator for a mute community organization I work with. That’s how we met. We put together a convention for those who have hearing difficulties as well as speech problems. Alex is mute. A strep infection from tonsillitis damaged their vocal cords.” Jackie smiles and Alex nods, smiling as well.
John feels his forehead. "Do you want something to settle your stomach, as well as your pain killers?"
"Ha, dad on a plane." John barks out a short laugh, "We went on holiday once, nowhere fancy just not
John nuzzles Sherlock, invested in the case. “Does that the victim knew his killer? Or was he killed elsewhere and placed in the car?” He asks.
He blushes and smiles. "I didn't really expect you to accept the drink, let alone actually come over here.."
A nurse comes in and checks Sherlock's vitals. She makes notes on his chart. "Everything looks nice and stable Mr. Holmes. You should be able to go home tomorrow evening. That is if you have proper medical care once you get there."
John and Greg rock their hips in time fucking Sherlock perfectly. John kisses and such on Sherlock's back and shoulders. Greg kisses Sherlock and sucks on his neck.
She gasps softly in surprise and holds onto him. "Thank you so much. You and Greg have helped me in so many ways I can't even begin to thank you.."
The news that both her fathers will be coming to the museum with her makes Rosie cheer. Neither of them know that she's been planning this since the day before when she spoke with Mrs. Hudson.
He smirks as he kisses her back deeply. "I remember you letting Daddy fuck you whenever and wherever, even if Sherlock and I were in the room."
“Tryst?” Sherlock asks softly. “And what spells did she need help with, she seems pretty powerful without help.”
Sherlock’s eyes fly open and he moans loudly as John’s fingers brush against his prostate. “Th-There! Do that again!”
Mel whimpers and opens her mouth for her. “He sounds perfect. He won’t mind if I get pregnant will he? I just want it so badly and the women in my family..” She blushes brightly. “We’re just so fertile. It’s always twins or triplets or quads. We haven’t had a single birth in over 100 years.” She blushes brightly.
“I-i didn’t know. I didn’t know it could feel pain like that.” Greg frowns. “Camille, Crystal had her pain receptors shut off. Greg wouldn’t have know she was in pain because she didn’t know. Crystal reconnected them at John and Mycroft’s request so she wouldn’t scare Greg by seeming so inhuman.” Diōnē frowns.
John reaches onto the bedside table and grabs a few tissues without moving from Sherlock. He gently cleans him up before wrapping the blankets up around them. “So good. So hot and perfect. I love you.” He cuddles Sherlock and kisses his head.
“Tell.. Tell me what you think it looks like. What you imagine your cock to look like.” She mumbles, knowing it’ll be easier if he visualized it and described it to her.
A shiver runs through him as Brian calls him 'Mike'. Normally, he'd be appalled and correct someone, but he finds it incredibly hot when Brian calls him it. "Er, yes. Mike is fine."
Sky mewls and whimpers. “Want to go to Greg?” She asks as she sees a group of men come in, heading straight towards her.
"It's fine I promise. I just got shot a few times and got thrown through a second story window. It was actually a pretty good time." She shrugs and winces as her broken ribs move.
‘Your safe. Believe me. I pose no threat.’ Sky lifts her paw so he can see her rounded full belly. ‘I found your little friend earlier. Let’s reunite you two, mm?’
"Your whole family is made up of freaks! Now you've gone and sucked in John and Greg into your mess! Christ I can't believe you let this happen! Greg and John are good men and you freaks are ruining them!" Anderson says. "Shut up, Phillip! Just shut up! Jesus do you even listen to the shit that falls out of you goddamned mouth? You talk constantly about nothing at all! I'm fucking sick of it! Just shut the fuck up!" Donovan shrieks at Anderson.
“Ohh Dawn. It’s been such a long time since I heard that one.” Mandala smiles. “It means he’s busy and he doesn’t want me to get bored so I should find something to work on.” Magdala smiles.
"Wolfsbane... It has a double meaning." Joann spoke up from where she stood off to the side. "It's located here. It grows in the western mountains of Europe."
Darius’ hips rock a bit as Dark nuzzles him again. He hums softly and runs his fingers through Dark’s hair.
“Oh Crys, I’m sorry.” Mycroft squeezes her softly. “What’s her name? Your granddaughter’s?” He asks.
“Greg, wait!” Maggie tries to stop him. “Okay. Just relax.” She helps him sit down and wipes his nose, kneeling next to him. “We still have to work on stamina, remember?” She says softly and gently cleans him up.
“I’m sorry. They should be telling you this. Come on, you’ve had a long walk, come on, stand up.” John says, helping Sherlock to stand. “It’s not very comfortable but there’s a bed, do you want me to sleep on the floor?” He asks.
"Are you insinuating that I only care about Greg for his body? If so, be careful with your next words, brother mine." He adds a sharpness to his last words.
Sky sighs softly as she wanders the halls. She used a lot of her energy to help Anthea and the baby.
"When I was younger I predicted my mother's death. I told my father there was nothing he could do to save her. He sold me to pay for her medical treatments. She died soon after like I predicted. My father sold me to Moriarty's father. I.." She sighs and takes a breath. "I killed Moriarty's father. I set up Tiger and Moriarty. They were made for each other. They raised me. They pumped me full of drugs and I built Moriarty's web for him. Moriarty is dead. Tiger is going to come after me in a few months. One of us is going to die." She can't look at him so she stares at her hands in her lap.
Lydia whimpers and licks her lips as she watches. James chuckles and smirks. "John, you're going to fuck yourself on my cock and fuck her face." James lets go of his cock.
‘Of course. You are welcome to come and go as you please.’ She hums. ‘Would you be more comfortable if I was in cat form?’ She asks, noting he’s a bit weary around humans.
Sherlock moans, his knees going weak at the kisses. “Is there anything else I should be wearing to make me as beautiful as possibly in your eyes?” He asks softly. “I want to be your epitome of beauty.” He explains.
John smirks and flips them over. He straddles Sherlock’s hope and pins his wrists above his head. “Yes, darling?” He pants and licks his lips, grinning.
"So... Moriarty?" He asks cautiously, knowing that word was a sore spot for Sherlock. It reminded him there were things even his vast intellect didn't know about.
“Alright. Just let me know. I’ll go so you can rest.” Dominic smiles softly and does a half bow before leaving.
"You sure you're up to going to the zoo after?" John asks once Rosie's out of earshot. "We could just have a lazy day with movies."
"So you mean to tell me all of you who have abilities are part of some secret organization and Sky is in the running to be the next head of that organization?" Anthea asks. "Yeah." Yuki nods. "And how come she doesn't have security?" Anthea frowns. "There's never been a reason for It." Yuki sighs.
"Mm someone is tired." He chuckles softly as he sees Sky falling asleep against Michael's other side.
"Yes, love," John says, reaching across the table to take her hands. "We took that precaution when we renovated the house. Don't worry darling."
John stands there in shock for a moment not sure what to do with him. He grabs his phone and calls Mycroft to tell him where they are. Then he sits with Sherlock and waits, making sure to keep him covered modestly. Luckily, the rooftop is in the sunlight and is warm. John can’t help reaching a finger out and stroking Sherlock’s cheek, running a hand over his hair. He’s in awe.
"Mm have fun." She sips her tea. "I'll have an appointment made for the clinic tomorrow at your convenience."
"Just one, thank christ. I'm no... Timothy, please stop saying fuck." John sighs then looks over to his mate for help.
"Sounds perfect. You best be getting on. It's late and you look like you're going to fall asleep on you feet."
He pulls off with a pop, licking his lips as the milk continues to leak out of her. "Mm, very good. Nearly as good as yours, Mummy. When will I be able to drink from you again?" He smirks, moving to lick at Violet's nipple.
"I like to show Daddy all of me.." Sherlock blushes as he's pulled closer. "John and Brian said I look pregnant." He blushes brighter.
Sherlock cuddles into John’s side immediately. “It smells amazing. I’ve never seen food like this before. It’s all so.. pretty.” He says softly as he looks at the tray of food.
Greg hums, And gets out of the car, pulling out his suitcase and waiting for Crystal to go in first.
He moans loudly, baring his neck for him. "Yes, sir! I love having Daddy's cock pounding into my arse."
John’s body stills before he’s shaking with his orgasm, coming hard and breathlessly into Cecil’s hand.
"I'll have some chairs brought in." She signs and leaves. She walks over to get the chairs when she sees Anthea. "Ant-" She croaks and then blushes embarrassed.
“Mm pretty little slut.” A new man smirks and pulls her close by her hair, pushing his cock into her mouth.
“I..” Crystal thinks. “I’d never want to be without either of you. I’d never do anything to hurt you. I’d do everything to keep you from harm. I’d kill anything they even thought of harming you. I’d die before I’d let anything happen to either of you. That’s how I love you.”
“Yeah.” She nods. “I think all we have to do is ask. Ask to see ‘the creator’. What reason would they have to turn down a meeting? If they want to trap us anyway why not just walk in willingly?”
His boss gives him a long break since he had been working so hard without a break. John soon comes back.
Mycroft takes the unconscious Anthea off Camille’s lap. “I’m going to have a bed set up in Sherlock’s room. So I can keep an eye on both of them.” He explains.
John opens Sherlock's trousers and slips his hand into his pants. He uses Sherlock's leaking as lube and strokes him long and luxuriously. "So hard for me. So wet for me. Such a good boy for Daddy." He praises.
Mycroft smiles and kisses her chastily. “I want you too.” He massages her stomach, “how many are you carrying?” He asks.
Camille smiles and offers Anthea her hand, ‘are you ready to go? Mycroft- your father will be there.’ She says softly.
“Not for me. With me. Your education and military background could be quite the advantage on cases.” Sherlock looks at him.
"Mm going to plug you after so you're walking around all night filled up with my cum." He growls deeply, marking his neck.
“A few. But most of them aren’t strong enough. Some can’t even show up enough for you or John to see them.” Lydia nods.
She giggles and smiles up at him. “Can I suck you for a bit first? You haven’t fucked my throat in ages.” She licks her lips excitedly.
“I told her that if she wanted to keep her job she’d stop screwing with the orders of men who looked like her father to get pseudo revenge on him for walking out on her and her mother. Also to go to a therapist but preferably not mine.” Sherlock’s smiles.
"It doesn't seem to have any of the characteristics of cocaine. They're still running tests." Mycroft looked to John as Greg sat down. "You need rest. Both of you."
Mycroft smiles as he rubs a hand down his side. “I like it. But... I’m so big and only human, c- can I still walk?” He asks.
“You’d let your sons fuck you when they came of age, wouldn’t you? Let them fill your with their cum. Knock up their mummy.”
"I don't know and I don't like it." He growls and pulls out his phone calling Sky. "Mm hello?" Sky hums.
"I've never seen him like that.. I.. I've never seen him yell at her like that. I assumed he was just as afraid as I was.." He bites her lip.
Sees Sherlock. He's sat at a table, across from the cab driver. The distance is great enough that he can't read their lips, but he is able to see two vials laid out on the table and a gun in the cabbie's hands. John's heart all but stops beating in his chest, time freezes as Sherlock's name rips its way from his throat.
“She’s fine. She can handle this. She’ll know what to do.” Darius pets Darks head gently. “It’ll be easier for her to have the pups on this form. She’ll be able to clean them and feed them easier too.” He hums. Sky whines and finally lays down, panting hard. She leans down and licks between her hind legs as she gets closer.
John sighs and his shoulders relax. “It’s not. It’s really not. He has no right to call you that. He has no right to say… to say that you shouldn’t have made it! I should have knocked his teeth out. At least then talking would be harder.” John pouts wanting another kiss.
John drives them to the estate. “Huh. The whore house seems really busy tonight.” He hums, seeing a lot of cars and all the lights on as they drive closer.
“A castle in Ireland. It’s a safe house so the exact location is secret. I’ll contact Sherlock and John when we get close. They’ll come get us.” Pythia nods.
John waits outside of the restroom wanting to give Sherlock space after his panic attack. While he's waiting all he can think about are Sherlocks words. He's right. This is all John's fault, he was the one that ended things. If he had just talked to Sherlock before leaving, like anyone in a normal relationship then they wouldn't be in this situation now. Christ, he'd royally messed this up.
Greg licks his lips and nods. “My boyfriend has his finger inside me and it feels good. I like it a lot.”
John just stood there awkwardly, watching the exchange, his hands in his pockets for the moment, "So I'll come and pick you up on Sunday. Probably after dinner," he explains to her, "So you'll have dinner with Sherlock tomorrow before you come home. Also, make sure you finish your homework." He meets Sherlock's eyes momentarily to express that the other man should ensure she does.
*You didn’t discuss it with me first. You just did it. Which yes, I’m pissed about. But then you said you were just going where the current took you! Does that mean you get a pass if that current took your straight onto his cock?-JW*
Sweat was forming on Sherlock’s brow now, his eyes shut tight as the strokes of his bow became erratic.
Mycroft hums and nods in agreement before looking back to John. "I'm sure you were popular amongst your fellow soldiers."
"I'm... Not really sure how to do that." Mycroft admits after a moment, but dips forward and kisses him anyway.
Sky cries out and moans loudly, her cunt dripping around him vaguely aware of more people coming in.
"Mm.. Good boy." Mycroft smirks and leads him to the car. Once the door closes, Mycroft puts a hand on Greg's leg, rubbing towards his crotch.
Mrs. Hudson answers. "Hello dear...are you looking for Sherlock? He upstairs." She let John in and pointed up the stairs.
He licks his lips as he watches her, his cock twitching. “Good girl. Look at you. So eager for my cock.”
“Nice wedding. Pretty wedding. Not my wedding. John’s wedding.” Sherlock rolls over, away from John.
John takes his fingers out of Sherlock and sucks them clean. "Mm suck my cock. I'm going to eat you out." He turns Sherlock around and holds his hips, shoving his face between his arse cheeks.
Crystal grins and kisses him, pressing him back into the bed and kissing him deeply as she lays on top of him.
“You’ve made major improvements. We’re still going to keep you while we ween you off the meds and run some other tests.” The doctor nodded.
Sherlock nodded. “Quite.” He thinks for a moment. “Perhaps the killer has a grudge against relationships of any kind, romantic or platonic.”
"Good. I have to go home after dinner but I'll be back for Christmas." He smiles and kisses Danny's head.
"I love you, too. But.. I don't know why you love me. I've done nothing but cause you trouble and lied to you every day since we met."
Sherlock chuckled softly. “You said that back then too. Though you were a little tipsy at the time.” He smiled, holding John close.
"Pigs heart, random fowl innards, and a cow's eye," John announces once home. Sherlock is sitting in his chair, hands steepled under his nose deep in thought. John drops the wax paper bag on Sherlock's lap and takes the rest of the groceries into the kitchen.
“Okay.” He smiles softly and gets comfortable, turning the light low so he can sleep but enough so Sherlock could see him.
“Yes we are.” Mycroft nods. “We won’t. It’s all purely consensual. We talked everything over first.”
“That’s a beautiful name, Leona.” Diōnē smiles. “But I’m not ma’am. You’re going to be my mother.” She smiles. “Are you pregnant now?” She asks.
"You were such a good boy. Absolutely perfect." He kisses him back lovingly and smiles at him adoringly.
Molly smiles softly as she tucked the blanket more securely around Selene's body. She looks up at Anthea. "I think we're ready."
"Mm we could have some of your eggs fertilized out side of you and then have them implanted and see what takes."
“We haven’t gone out in a while. Like a date..” She blushes brightly, having been missing one on one time.
“Fill him up nicely and I’ll give you a big load.” John groans, snapping his hips to hit her prostate.
Lydia goes down stairs and picks up some food to bring to the room. She knocks gently on the door with the toe of her shoe because her hands are full. Greg opens the door and helps her inside. John is still sleeping and Mycroft is in the shower.
They found shelter, food, and weapons as they explored the area. The two held up in a rundown motel with the group for a while, until Sherlock had run out of suppressants and an Alpha had tried to claim him. Greg knocked the man unconscious, before they decided it was best if they left the group. They found a large empty house further inland, with kitchen cabinets fully stocked.
Sherlock hums. “I know that I will need to take on a job, being Camille’s Sired. But... please don’t let her split me and John apart. I will do whatever she asks from me, cleaning the toilets if necessary, so long as I’m there beside John.” He whispers, pulling away from Mycroft and looking in his eyes.
"Christ the sounds he makes get me so hard." Collin growls and kisses John deeper. "He's such a good slut. A nice loud little whore for us. Just for us." John growls back and kisses Collin hard.
John nuzzles him and rubs his back. "You looked so sexy in uniform. With my dog tags around your neck. Christ it fucking blew me away.."
Greg gently fastens the towel around Mycroft’s waist so he can have some privacy. “Check in. How are you feeling?”
Sky kneels and Queen Lily pushes her face to Sky's chest. "Hello, my love. I missed you, too." She pets her head.
“Oh and what is the right kind of spice, Sherlock?” Udos asks, his large hand running over Sherlock’s stomach.
“Sounds good.” John smiles and nods. “Bistro?” He asks and gestures to the little restaurant across the street.
“Well then.” Sky purrs and flicks her worst, the door closing and locking silently as well as the cameras going off line. “Get on with it.”
"She's not going to take over. Even if she tries Mycroft won't let her get that far. Besides she'll change her mind soon enough. She's trying to figure out what she's going to do with her life. She'll forget about it and this will all blow over soon." He kisses Greg's head.
"Remember who owns the gun in this relationship, Sherlock," John warns gently. "I'm in no mood to have doctors shove their equipment up my arse just because I'm an Omega. I'm going back downstairs. We still have a lot of work to do."
He hears water coming from the bathroom and snaps back to attention. Dashing up the stairs he grabs his most comfortable pair of pyjamas then heads back downstairs where true enough Sherlock is bent over the tub. John lingers in the doorframe, cupcake in one hand, pyjamas in the other.
She smirks and sucks on his neck. "You must have thought about this so much. Tell us what you thought about."
He kisses him back deeply, rocking his fingers. “I know, love.. but you’re still too tight. I don’t want my cock to hurt you.”
John smiles. "I know. But when you get the chance to explain things, you do have a tendency to go a bit overboard, hmm?"
“I was thinking of just easing him into it.” Theadora sighs and brings over the tea, sitting back down. “I don’t remember you being this much of a prick when I let you feed from me.” She rolls her eyes and sips her tea.
Magdala steps over to John and takes Greg’s hand. “It’s only me Greg. What would you like me to do John?” She asks.
"Is he gone?" John asks softly, rubbing his mother's back, "can you hear him still? There's another treatment scheduled for next week..."
“Are you… going to be okay? Is it alright if I cancel my date and just stay home tonight? You won’t mind?”
“Not at all. Discretion is of the upmost importance.” Mr. Brooks smiles. “How can I help you?” He looks to both Sherlock and John.
“Mm you just like how my milk is richer than ambrosia.” Morna giggles as she comes back with the box and cream.
Dominic gets the kids ready for bed, getting their teeth brushed and pajamas on. He kisses their heads and tucks them in, the long day thankfully making them fall asleep quickly. He soon returns to Leona.
Greg takes off Mycroft's trousers and pants and puts them with his other clothes. He rubs his leg from his ankle to his upper thigh. "So perfect." Greg strokes Mycroft's cock lightly in hand.
"I'm always here, you know that. Mycroft called and I dropped everything to get here." He stands and offers his hand. "He's keeping a close eye on him."
“You like me like this, don’t you? Used up and dirty. So full and desperate I can’t even think. You want me full like this all the time don’t you? So you can just add another load to my cunt whenever you feel like.” She babbles, her cunt milking his cock.
“What?” Sherlock scowls. “No! No. Not drugs. Just wait. I’ll be right back.” He goes downstairs and comes back. “It’s just this. It well...
Violet smirks, wiggling the cucumber in Sky’s throat making Sky’s body jerk as she retches and nearly vomits before moaning around it. “What a nasty little thing you are.” Violet smirks and does it over and over again, loving the way Sky’s body jerks each time she nearly vomits. Sky’s drool is making a puddle on the floor as it drips down her chin and she presses forward for more, loving the degrading treatment. She pushes deeper into Violet, roughly thrusting her fist inside her cunt.
In hindsight, the shower had been a bit premature. (Though it did allow for Anthea to slip out and show the Watsons to their bedroom.)
“No no it’s okay. I didn’t tell him I was back.” She hums and gets up, looking for the cat. “It’s okay, sweetie. You can come out.”
"Mm on your first case with Sherlock of course. The cabbie. That was a brilliant shot by the way." She smirks and sips her tea. "Well that's the first time you think you met anyway." She hums.
“You know I haven’t charged you a cent in years.” Sharon laughs. “I just like to play with that juicy cunt of yours.”
“Yes it is. You were trying to call me and I didn’t answer. I heard the voicemail. You were begging me to call you back and then you got hit. I heard all of it.” He trembles.
John laughed. "We'll, I hope someone thought to bring me clothes... Can't leave here stark bollock naked..."
Mycroft whimpers and moans desperately around Michael, his cock leaking heavily beneath him, loving all the attention.
“Sure.” He smiles and turns. He picks Peter up and puts in him front. “Hold the reigns like this and squeeze your legs some. The horse knows what to do. The harder you squeeze the faster he’ll go so starts gentle.”
John shakes his head. “Like I said I don’t feel it that much. I’m still stronger and fitter than you.” He laughs.
Margaret dips her finger into the condom and then rubs her pointer finger and thumb together, whispering under her breath.
Sherlock groans into the kiss, clinging to John. He has never felt like this before. He never wanted anyone like this before. Just John.
"Please please. Come. I need you to come. Fill me up. Make me leak. I can't think with out it. I'm so empty without it. Please God please!" She begs loudly, cunt pulsing around them.
"Gregory..." Mycroft breathes, his hips tilting to gain more contact. "Oohhhh... You hands..." He bit his lip.
John growls approvingly. He kisses him deeper and harder. He sucks and wrestles his tongue. He's not going to give up without a fight.
He sits back up and licks his lips, picking up a strawberry. He rubs it over johns lips before taking it away and biting it.
He sighs and hums. "I couldn't protect her. Again. I'm her father. It's my job and I failed." He frowns against his neck.
Michael whimpers as he watches them and strips off his pants, hesitating as he takes off his shirt. "I.. H-Hold on.." He gets up quickly, going to the bathroom to take his binder off and coming back out with just his shirt on.
Anthea frowns, “forgive me.” She says before running back to the office as fast as she can, just all her vampire speed. “Mycroft!” she calls. Before trying to say it into his his. ‘Dad, where are you?’
He smirks and flips them over, pinning Mycroft to the bed with his arms above his head. Greg feels very dominating and possessive suddenly. He want to consume every bit of Mycroft that he's willing to give.
"Ohh how exciting. The John Watson dating experience. I'll have to see if my schedule is clear." He smirks and flops over John's lap. "Mm you know most people date first and then have mediocre sex. We're quite the opposite." He giggles.
He hums softly. “Go take care of your brother, hm? You’re the only one he hasn’t had. Go see what he needs.”
Sherlock smiles. “I think she’ll like that. I think she’d like to be carry so many people’s babies.”
Mycroft sighs sadly and bites his lips as he puts on a robe. “Crys, I’m so sorry. Please, I won’t hurt you.” He holds out her robe and steps slowly to her, his other hand where she can see it. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking. Please forgive me.” He whispers, soothingly.
Greg just nods and sighs. He’s scared and just wants to go home, get away from all these people, this world. He wants to be back solving crime with the human Sherlock.
Sky wakes slowly, feeling Peter suckling from her in his sleep. She smiles softly as his hand holds onto her other breast.
“I’m so sorry.” He sobs, holding his hands. “I’m such an idiot. I should have gone with you. Or I should have made you stay. I’m so sorry.”
He moans breathily against her and licks at her clit, mainly keeping his tongue still so she could ride his face.
"You've done a brilliant job, Sherlock. Soon you can teach Maximus to find and fetch you things from around the flat." Sky smiles.
John smiles. “I can’t promise that. I’ll try to stop Greg getting in trouble, but if he goes I’ll follow him ma’am.” He explains.
"Mm one press of a button and the machine spits out a new receipt. No you wanted me to have this one with your number on it that was the point. I don't appreciate points."
The doctor makes a note as Mycroft slips away. "I'll get him something to help him sleep a little easier. With his mind coming back to him, he might suffer them more than usual."
“That’s rich coming from someone who ignored me for eons. You couldn’t even remember me when you brought everyone back. You brought everyone back but little old me. But surprise. The humans did that anyway.”
Sherlock pulls his hand into his sleeve before swapping the rosary beads, and holding it out to John. “What do we do with them? I remember nuns praying with them. That or Ive seen it on TV.” He says softly, “I don’t know any prays if you’re expecting me to pray.”
Morna cries out into Sherlock’s mouth as John starts to fuck her. She whimpers, feeling her breasts and her cunt leak.
Mycroft smiles softly as he watches her go. Michael comes back into the room, looking a bit uncomfortable.
Greg pulls up to where they need to be and stops the car. The other car drives pass them as if noting is amiss.
Sherlock smiles and kissed John’s hair. “I love you.” He whispers. “Go to sleep, I’ll sort everything out for us. I’m strong. I can carry you inside.” He hums, tunelessly, wanting John to sleep.
Sherlock hums, “let me check she’s safe to talk first.” He send Crystal a text; ‘Are you free to talk? SH’
"Sherlock, that's being a sex worker. And there's nothing wrong with that. You've never..." He thought about how to word it. "Have you ever had sex just to be close to another person? No money changing hands?"
"Oh... Did you take that as an invitation?" John chuckles, tilting his neck to the side to show his bond bite. "By society's standards, I've been a very naughty Omega. Care to show me the error of my ways?"
“I wouldn’t say no to a taste.” Mycroft nods and takes off his coat, a scent patch on his wrist under his cuff visible for a moment.
Sky bend over and moves her tail, showing off her slick cunt and twitching holes ready to be used and abused.
He sighs and runs his fingers through his hair. “I don’t care if he knew or not. I gave that up ages ago. But he thinks that if we were together I’d hide it. I’d be ashamed if it. I’d openly flirt with women in front of his face!” He bites his lip and shakes his head.
"I've got you. It's okay." James holds him close and rubs his back. "You did good. You did so good." Sky smiles though the pain and holds his hand tight, trembling.
"I don't want you to rush it. I can see how scared you are.. Please, I.. I just want you to try. I don't want you to jump into it. Do what you can handle. Even if that means pretending while you try to get closer."
Greg holds him tightly and rocks slowly. "I-it's okay. E-everything's alright. I-I've got you that's all that matters right now.." He rubs his back.
Sherlock groans as John presses on his wound. “I’m sorry, John. She was going to kill you. I didn’t have a choice.” His breathing comes in huffing pants. “Call Mycroft. He’ll clean everything up.”
Sky takes his hands and kisses his lips softly. "I love you so much. I'll never stop loving you.." She mumbles against his lips.
A surprised laugh bubbles up from his throat. "I suppose so." He murmurs. "Christ, I've made a mess of myself." He shook his head. "I'm sorry, love. I need to talk all this over with Brianna." He sighs. "She's going to have a bloody field day."
"You should know. You and Harry can go shopping for us, we'll give you our bank card. Get us all the blue or pink we need. Sherlock and I can get the basics. They're going to be too little to care what colour blankets they have. And in the end who cares what they wear. Then Sherlock and I can be surprised. Would you do that for us?"
"Your doing so good, Greg. Now I want you to think about what is troubling you most right now. You don't have to speak. Just think and I'll hear you loud and clear." She closes her eyes and drifts into his mind.
He comes with a growl, filling her up with more seed and more babies. “Keep them safe, little breeder.” He laughs, patting her stomach, not all that kindly.
“Sweetheart, if you’re not ready you’re not ready and that’s okay. It’ll be a while before this little one gets here anyway.” Margaret smiles and rubs her belly. “Besides, that just gives us more time to practice our baby making skills.” She giggles.
“Mm yeah.” John nods and follows Sherlock into a cab. “Now what?” He asks as he looks over the paperwork and pamphlet.
“You know as well as I do that those flowers weren’t just a clue but a warning, Mycroft. If I don’t play the game how Jim wants it to be played then John will pay the price.” Sherlock rubs a hand over his face.
"I'd like to...I'd also like it if you'd go back to being bossy instead of self-depreciating. You wouldn't be you, if you were like everyone else." Sherlock replied.
“Sky took them. They’re okay. I just.. I couldn’t.. I’m sorry..” he frowns, still not looking at John.
"This, as tiny as it is, is a well kept secret of Paris." Mycroft murmurs, as they enter the dark shop. "All the jewelry is handmade, and the ownership has been passed down, parent to child, for six generations."
"Mm thank god. You probably already spied out a place when you snuck away, didn't you?" Greg says trying not to whimper.
Margaret soon pulls up to the airport in a big van. “Hello, everyone.” She smiles as she walks to them.
“Can’t move, can you?” She smirks, keeping the pace slow so he can feel every bit of her hot wet tight cunt.
"Sherlock," John says, turning to look at his mate. "There's something you need to know before we get there. The last time I was here... My mum had just died. Harry had taken over sole ownership of me, and she was moving us to London so she could attend uni. My aunt offered to let me stay with her and her Alpha, and said she'd help me get a good Alpha so I could settle down and spread my roots."
Mycroft bites his lip, not wanting to admit how much he wants to be there with Sherlock. “Have you kept yourself occupied?” He changes the subject.
"Mm I knew you'd be a size queen." She smirks and starts to thrust, somehow feeling like her cock is getting bigger.
John frowns and looks back at him. “Your habits being injuring yourself then yes I will try to distract you from that.”
“God whore. Now, Kia. You’ve been waiting so patiently.” Myropis smiles as he steps before her. “Look at you. You’ve got a belly.” He laughs slapping it.
“Even though Sherlock and my child wouldn’t be biologically yours you’d still be a parent to it. Are you sure?” Margaret runs her thumb over his knuckles.
She moans and bobs her head. She squeezes his arse with her free hand and presses a finger against his hole.
"You should drink one as well. Then... come here. I have a sudden desire to suck on your neck until the skin is purple beneath
Mycroft blushes. “I think I can deal with the weight. Would it change anything else of me? My err libido?” He asks.
"Mm you know that making me feel good makes them feel even better. You're such a good Daddy. Making me come over and over. Such a good Grandpa too. Making sure your granddaughters swim around in all my pleasure hormones. They're absolutely high right now from all the chemicals released when I orgasm. They're going to love you so much. Almost as much as I do, Daddy." She purrs and kisses his neck, loving how he ruts against her huge baby bump.
Sherlock smiles and looks back at Greg. "Thank you, Sir." He hopes Greg's caught on to what he's doing by now as he drinks his third mug of tea.
“She drives me nuts sometimes. I can’t believe I married her.” He sighs. “I can’t imagine not being married to her.”
“I come from England. My Sire is Mycroft Holmes. One of the big six, so to speak.” Sherlock explains. “We have a human willing to do the ritual. A strong man, a solider. Even better, a Watson.” He says, watching Ms Magdala closely for any hint of surprise.
Mycroft bites his lip and stands, holding his hands out for Morna. “You’re so sexy. I just... god... there’s so many things going through my mind.” He murmurs, “so much body to explore.”
Mycroft nods and touching Crystal’s foot with his finger, slowly dragging it up her leg. He keeps a close eye on Crystal, making sure he doesn’t hurt her.
She blushes and kisses him again. "Mm I told you I liked kissing you.. Everywhere.." She purrs and kisses his throat and collarbone.
He bucks his hips. "Oh.. Yes.. Please.." He reaches down to pull at Sherlock's hair. "Your mouth.. Please.."
Rachel blushes and licks her lips. She slowly crawls up the bed to Mycroft and leans in, kissing his cock sweet and gentle.
Instead, he hastily throws the covers back on the takeaway containers, pops everything into the fridge, hoping there wouldn't be any cross-contamination with Sherlock's organs, and dashes upstairs for his kit.
She pushes him back into the bed and hovers over him. She kisses his jaw and neck. She nips and licks down his body. She kisses down his chest and sucks on his tummy.
Sherlock chuckles softly. “We’ll go to the bookstore on the way home and I’ll get you a book about cells.”
“It’s okay to feel overwhelmed. We’re all here for you. If you ever need to take a break just let us know.” Linda nods.
Sherlock carefully picks Greg up and carries him back into the room. “John, your life mean everything to me. It’s the most important thing.” He says softly.
“Well that narrows things down considerably. Here have some tea and toast. I’ve got your phone hostage too. What about me were you think of?” John sits on the bed and hands Sherlock a cuppa.
Riley smirks and leans in, kissing and sucking on Greg’s throat as she rides him, taking him nice and deep into her hot went cunt.
Greg nods as he reaches over to hold Maggie’s outstretched hand. He concentrates, sending the girls into a dense forest, landing on a soft blanket in soft grass. Their huge belly looking like they were nine months pregnant. They are just out of arms reach of each other, their holes leaking along with their full, heavy breasts overflowing with milk.
John hums. “Let me jump up and prepare some food for Sherlock. We don’t want him passing out on you.” He smiles softly.
“That’s good then. It’s working it’s way out of him. Let’s go through what we know. It’s called Liquid Pearl and it’s new. Was the compound organic or synthetic?” Greg sits up and kisses Mycroft’s shoulder.
Tugging John impossibly close he nuzzles her hair and scents him, wanting John to be smothered in him. “How are you feeling?”
"Michael.. Fuck me.." Sky whines and moves closer. "Mm fuck her.." Jean smirks and rolls his hips slowly.
Sherlock hums. “I don’t mind if you have John’s children, so long as I’m still another father to them.” He explains.
Carol moans and pants as he pulls out. Mel goes to John and immediately takes his cock into her mouth, sucking him greedily to get him hard again. “Jesus. You’ve been practicing haven’t you?” Carol smirks as she watches Mel. Mel whines and blushes brightly as she lets John’s cock slide down her throat easily. She moans and closes her eyes as she tastes the left over of John’s cum and Carol’s on his cock.
He moans breathily, fucking himself back onto his cock. “Yes. Yes. Need it. Want to be full of cock and cum and piss. Covered in it.” He begs, finally breaking.
She blushes and nod. “Lots Of fun. George filled me up with more babies. Wanted to see if you and Greg wanted to put some more inside me too.” She blushes brighter. “I know you like it when I carry other men’s babies with yours. Especially if they’re Greg’s. You like it when your baby carried more babies for you and your husband.”
He smiles softly. "She was wonderful.. So kind and caring.. She had always wanted a family and was ecstatic to start one with me. It felt like I was married to my best friend.." He sniffles a bit.
He kisses his neck and chest, letting him adjust. He puts a pillow under his hips to make him more comfortable and to help with the angle.
‘Yes. I got big cause there are babies inside me. You’re going to be an auntie. You are an auntie.’ She smiles softly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Better do as he says, John. He might try to have Lestrade arrest you, if the man isn't still shackled to your bed, brother-mine?" He grins wickedly.
When they finally arrive home, Neriine wakes up and John passes her gently so he can carry the goods upstairs. Sherlock helps John carry things upstairs and starts to set everything up.
"Why not both?" John says as his heart flutters in his chest. "Why not... against the wall, first? Before we're too tired to stand up?"
They sit back on the couch and John keeps hold of Sherlock's hand as he waits for their therapist to finish the session.
Mycroft smirks a bit as the waitress looks over Anthea. He subtly reaches over and ghosts his fingers over her exposed cunt.
She gasps and covers her mouth to muffle her moan as she comes hard, squirting a bit over her fingers.
Mrs. Hudson blinks. “Oh Sherlock, I can’t burden you like that.” She shakes her head. “Mrs. H you’re never a burden. You’re a mother to us.” John frowns.
Turk smirks. “It’s to keep her stretched and open. And to stretch her further. This way we can still fuck her while she’s being stretched.”
“Sherlock!” John shouts as his hole is pushed wider. He pants and throws his head back, as he digs his nails into Sherlock’s back, holding on tightly.
“They were burnt and a neural paralyzing agent as added to the hot wax before it was cooled. When Sherlock lit the candles again the chemical was released into the air.” Anthea sighs. “The effects should wear off shortly after the subject is taken away from exposure. He was supposed to suffocate when his respiratory muscles became to relaxed to breathe.”
"John." He groans, fucking her harder. "No wonder you knocked her up. Who could resist the temptation of coming such a tight wet pussy."
John bites his lip and whimpers quietly. He shifts in his chair starting to feel himself stir. Greg smirks as he sends another picture to Mycroft of John starting to become needy.
Greg smiles. “I would shakes your hand on it, but I don’t want to get up and disturb my little slut.”
John, his parents, Sherlock and the three pups ended up spending the whole day at the new house. It was a spacious two-story building with 'character'. Meaning there was a lot of work that needed to be done before it would be a safe place for three roaming children. They met with a team of interior designers that day, and John told them what he wanted from the home. "Keep the Victorian charm. But running water, working lights in every room, and maybe no lead paint please."
“She was right, though, bless her. If only I’d paid better attention and wasn’t such a giant coward for all that time,” John says, almost sadly.
"Such a fucking whore for Daddy. All for Daddy." He snarls, looking at Turk as he says the last part, spanking her again. Turk growls, squeezing her tits with his free hand, making her leak milk everywhere.
"Yeah, it used to be so easy to date. Now you've got to put in all this work just to get them to go out with you." John says, "just take it slow and do the usual."
"Such a naughty slut." He bites his neck and continues to fucks his sensitive body as footsteps head toward the bathroom.
“Mm tasting any bit of you or good luck.” Mycroft smiles and kisses her. “I’d never seen anything more breathtaking. You housing so much power, growing a life, and still you let me feed from you. You are a wonder, Maggie.”
"So good! Fucking perfect! So big and thick inside me. God I don't know how I ever functioned without you fucking me." She moans and her arse jiggles as he fucks her.
"If I tell them they'll know. They'll see the deepest darkest blackest pits of my soul, my tainted heart, my broken mind. And they won't run. They won't scream in terror. What does that say about all of us?" She frowns. "I wouldn't know how to deal with that level of... Acceptance?"
As Fitz slowly makes his way to the door it’s broken in and before Fitz can reach for his gun he’s tazed. The dog barks and snarls as men fill the room ordering everyone to put their hands up.
“Maybe we can get together later then?” John smiles and helps him get cleaned up. “We were thinking of going to a friends club later if you’d like to join.”
Sky blushes and moans loudly around Sherlock’s cock, dripping wet around Cecil’s cock. Mycroft pushes into her arse making her cry out. “Shut up. You can take it.” Sherlock slaps her breast and she moans loudly, loving how they degrade her to some fucktoy to breed.
Greg nods. “Am I... safe to be around him? Be safe in Mycroft’s... place?” He asks, not wanting to hurt other vampires. Not wanting to hurt Crystal.
They share a small smile, then John stretches his foot out under the table, making contact with Sherlock's. And it was enough.
He leans down and lavishes Sherlock's nipples with attention from his tongue as he adds a third finger.
Sherlock whines as he pulls his legs apart. He slowly moves John’s arm away, and stands one hand on his back and the other cradling his belly. He waddles into the bathroom before freshening himself up.
She smirks a bit as she watches the water trail down his chest. She leans in and kisses his nipple gently, swirling her tongue over it softly.
Mycroft moves out of the way and Greg gets between his legs. Greg kisses him and pushes three fingers into him. "So wet." He growls and fucks him slowly with his fingers getting John hard again.
Mycroft holds his hips tightly as he fucks Sherlock with his tongue. He moans at Sherlock's noises, wiggling his tongue in appreciation.
Sherlock nods. “Thank you.” He whispers. He kisses her cheek before heading out of the room, letting them both sleep together.
He whimpers and burrows his face into Mycroft's neck. He holds him tightly against him as thunder booms.
"I should be out before her school but just in case, that would be helpful." John said through a yawn as he ran a hand through his hair.
**I was waiting until we were sure, Sherlock. Gregory still isn't 100% on the idea. He says he is, but it's quite obvious, isn't it? --MH**
Carol pours some oil into a pan and adds some crushed garlic. She pushes it around as it heats up to flavor the oil. "Would you mind chopping the vegetables into chunks?"
“Good. I.. I was going to have a doctor friend come by and have a look at you.” Irene says softly. “I’m concerned some of the new burns may be infected a bit. Can I have someone come look at them?” She asks softly.
She moans and comes as she feels him fill her. She pulls him close and kisses him deeply, moaning at the taste of herself on his tongue.
He nods solemnly. "I'm terrified of what else he's thought about.. We just need to watch better. Make sure he knows exactly what's going on at all times. Keep him level and cares for. He needs us and we need him.." He bites his lip.
"Mm and you act like you don't love every fucking minute of it, Captain.." He smirks and presses John back against the shower wall.
Mycroft's moans grow louder and he has to push one of them away. "W-Wait. I need you to fuck me. B-Both of you.. If we keep this up, I'm going to come soon.."
"Shit. I gotta go. Number 11 on the way." Cynthia sighs as her pagers goes off, downing her coffee before going. "So what's up?" Bryan smiles.
John holds her hips and starts to thrust into her. He groans at how tight she still is, closing his eyes in pleasure.
It slowly walks to the edge of the bed, jumping down onto the floor. A few seconds later, a pair of grey eyes peer over the bed at her, a small child now where the cat had been.
**Hey, it's Michael. I figured I should text you so you get my number. That's also just my lame excuse to have a reason to text you this early. Good morning! Uh, I'd really love to see you again sometime soon, if you're still interested, that is. -M**
[You're going to have to give me some time to extract myself from Rosie.] John sends back with a sigh as he carefully tries to get himself out from under his daughter's weight. Thankfully she's a heavy sleeper or he never would have managed it.
“So you’re going to be a mummy and a daddy?” Mycroft asks. “That’s amazing. Do you want to go back to her? The two of you seemed, close.” He noted.
“Thinking of being more selective with your cases?” John asks and looks up at him. “The great Sherlock Holmes retiring?”
She smirks a bit and kisses his back. She pulls out of him slowly and puts him in his back. She pushes back into him and kisses him deeply as she continues the slow gentle thrusts.
Mycroft smiles softly as he looks at Sherlock sleeping in John’s arms. “Set him on the bed, yeah? We can let him rest a bit.”
Sherlock scowls. “You left me, John. You left me. Does that have a different meaning for each of us? You were the love of my life and one day you were gone. You were gone and you took the other person I love most on this planet with you. If this is some sort of pay back for me faking my death I am sorry. I’ve apologized over and over and over again. I will never not be sorry about it but to save your life I’d do it again without hesitation. You left me. You decided you were done. I’ve come to terms with that. You may still love me but you don’t want me anymore. You made that very clear. Spending time together must be confusing you. You left me, John. Because apparently I am dangerous, ill tempered, horrible, and unloveable. All very valid reasons to leave someone.” He’s breathing harder now. “So I changed. I changed everything. I quit the work, I’ve been going to therapy, I’m on anti depressants, I got a new safe mundane job, I’ve been taking parenting classes, I’ve been clean from drugs and alcohol and cigarettes since before Watson’s first birthday even though the cravings are still there every day even worse after you left but I didn’t cave or give in. Not even once. I have changed everything about myself to be more palatable and more normal. So I can be a parent Watson deserves because I am the reason she doesn’t have a mother. Me. It’s my fault. I.. I..” He shaking like a leaf. “I can’t breath.” He doubles over and tries to catch his breath, a panic attack clearly having taken hold.
He whimpers as he tries to calm himself down. "I.. I can't lose you.. You're the only one that's never left.."
"The pain will get to much. She'll want to use again. She will. She'll give in. She must be in so much pain. So much. Her skin must be so sensitive and hot. Trembling even." Sebastian is moaning for real now getting lost in his sick fantasy and Sky swallows bile.
“I’d lay you on your back putting your legs over my shoulders. Kissing down your cock and balls. Until I got to your arsehole.”
He grips his arse tightly, pulling him closer. "You can come after I do, understand?" He spanks his arse and thrusts harder.
Margaret nods and stands. “I know when I’m not welcome and I don’t stay. Do try not to destroy this place. Good luck with your war then.” She nods and snaps her fingers, vanishing.
She blushes and smiles, kissing her happily. “What’s yours? What’s your kinks?” She grind excitedly and straddles her, wanting to know what other kinks are out there and how she can make everyone feel good.
Sherlock pulls away and looks at John. “We wouldn’t be able to stop thinking about each other in bed. I would become possessive over you, I would have to in control of it all. It would start to hurt if we didn’t do it. A physical pull in our chests, if we didn’t immediately strip.” He explains after sliding his fangs away. “It’s not safe. Not here in the back of a car. Nor on this trip. We would be compromised.”
Mycroft moans as he’s lifted off the ground. He doesn’t move, knowing it is futile, and tries to make sure he doesn’t spin.
Sherlock moans, “Camille?” He breaths as he tries to stand up, to see if she was there and to go to her.
‘I want you to go to the facilities and free my people like you freed me. I have all the paperwork and government licenses you’ll need. You just have to show up. Bring them back here if they want.’
He pinches the bridge of his nose, sucking in a deep breath to keep his emotions stable. He didn't need another spike of his biology crippling him just because he got worked up.
"Mm I should tie you up and ride you for ages. Fill my pussy with your cum. Hold you down as you knock me up." She smirks and pins his hands above his head as she grinds against him.
She moans softly and kisses him back. 'Mm im going to go to the meeting just like this. Absolutely naked. Carol is going to do the same.' She purrs.
"Fuck him, Cecil. Fuck him like you mean it." Violet whines and Cecil growls, fucking George harder and faster.
“Anything you want, love.” Greg smiles and kisses him. After they get dressed and have breakfast Greg let’s Mycroft drag him to a tiny jewelry shop.
Magdala nods and writes down an address, sliding it over to Anthea. “There’s a coven there. All female witches. If you ever need anything they’ll help you. No questions asked.”
Michael licks his lips and pushes two fingers into her easily. "Christ.. Such a horny slut.." He smirks as he thrusts his fingers before pulling them out and licking them clean.
John frowns but imagines it. The ways the strong muscles contract and relax. The way the hearing is incredibly strong, as well as their sense of smell.
He falls to his knees while he holds onto her, shaking. "I don't know how much longer I can do this.. I need help.."
"Watch this." Viper smiles. "I'm a freak!" Sky shouts. "I'm a freak!" Viper shouts. "I'm a freak!" David shouts. "I'm a freak!" The grannies shout. People from all over join in and revel in their freakiness. They all smiles and laugh happily.
They arrived at Barts and quickly located Molly, who seemed happy to see Rosie again. "Your dads have been keeping you from me." She said with a small chuckle. "I swear the last time I saw you, you were..." She made a gesture with her hand around where her hips are. "...this tall."
"Jesus, Mycroft!" John sounds panicked as he kneels in front of Mycroft, going into doctor mode and checking him over.
“Only for our resident breeder.” She smiles. She grinds against Morna’s stomach as she feeds her the first grape. “Look at you, God. How many are you carrying?” She asks.
Mycroft lets out a sigh and makes a mental note to check into the suppliers of the top military-grade suppressants. For them to fail for John and now Anthea was too much of a coincidence for him.
Sky gets in and starts driving. “It’s not the same area as earlier. They’re not letting go to the main facility. Smart but we’ll get there eventually.”
“I love you, too. So much. Soon. I promise. Then you can fill me up for real.” Sky relaxes on his huge knot, her leg propped open since it’s so large between them.
"Ah well. Solve the cases and tell Greg to get something more challenging next time." John smiles into his tea.
“That is who she was on her knees for.” Sherlock nods to Anderson who is currently taking pictures of the crime scene with the lense cap on the camera.
"Mm I finally get to have tea made by John Watson. It's it a wonderful day." She smiles and takes a sip.
Greg moans and fucks Sherlock through his orgasm. He nips at his collarbone and comes hard into him.
Turk crawls into bed with him and pulls him close. "I'm sorry. I'm a moron. I misunderstood. I'm so so sorry."
"But you make her feel bad about it so she's turned off to the whole idea. I know you didn't mean to but that's what happened."
“And he wants to know when Amelia gets back? He says he misses when she braids his mane. Who’s Amelia?” Nina asks. “Amelia is my sister. She’s abroad for work. She should be back any day now.” Carol smiles.
"I.. I told him that he isn't fit to raise a child and that your relationship will most likely fail if he continues like he is.." He can't meet Greg's gaze.
After a few hour flight they land. “Just remember to relax. Please? The castle is very sensitive to negative energy.” She says softly as she drives.
“How have you been getting blood then? Did they know that you were drinking them?” Greg asks sceptically.
Sherlock bites his lip as he thinks. “If I promise to me yours for eternity will you break the curse?”
She whimpers and nods. She eases a bigger vibrator into Michael and turns it up on high as she fucks him with it.
“Babies?” Mycroft asks. “More than one?” He asks, “oh I’m so proud of you, did you bring me here?” He strokes his bump softly.
“One time I took her to a midnight laser show in the park. She just laid in the grass and laughed.” Sherlock chuckled. “After we got chips and she made me give the man a hundred pound tip for the best chips she’s ever had.”
He hums. “Hey. How’re the reports coming?” He tries to sound casual, still not sure of how he was going to seduce her like Sherlock wanted.
He moans softly and slowly melts into the kiss forgetting that they need to be getting up and not staying in bed.
She licks and sucks up his body, finally kissing him. "You want to taste me, don't you?" She nips at his lips.
Sherlock sighs. “Let me talk to Greg, I’ll see if I can’t arrange something for him to help you.” He says softly.
Mycroft bites his lip, looking to Greg, wondering if he and Sherlock should kneel and crawl instead of walking.
He pushes the finger into him. He stretches him open. Slowly he works two finger in nearly ready for a third. "Let me hear you.."
"If you need to come, come. I'm going to fuck you through it and then continue. I'm going to fuck you until neither of us can come anymore. I want you to fuck me after we're done here."
“You told me to prove it so I was proving it. Don’t you want to be friends with benefits? You were liking it for the most part.” Sherlock pouts on his knees.
'Open your eyes. Look me in the eyes and tell me you want it.' She rubs his thigh, teasingly close to his hard cock. 'Please? I want to be a good girl for you, Daddy. Please let me be a good girl.'
Sherlock looks down as John does. “Is this wring or something?” He asks softly. “I don’t see anything.” He whispers. He smiles when he sees John’s grin spread across his face. “Do you need anything?” He asks, feeling slightly redundant.
“Unfortunately I’m like a dog with a bone and apparently I need this more than you.” John shrugs as he looks around.
"Boring. Tons of paperwork. Sky came by and helped me finish it so I could come home for dinner." He smiles.
Mycroft gave an embarrassed chuckle. "I'm sorry. I've probably ruined the mood you were trying to set."
He smiles. ‘You get used to it. Plus there’s so many different scents here, you get used to smelling strong ones.’
“A few. You’re going to have to knock her up again to catch up.” Greg licks his lips as he watches John.
He frowns, still checking her over. “You know you’re allowed to safeword for any reason. This night is about you and your pleasure and that includes your comfort. We can take you up to the bath and a room in the private suites.”
“Deeper?” He raises a brow and shifts his hips, pushing his cock deeper and popping past Sherlock’s cervix. “How’s that?”
"Why do you think I do it? Withstand the injuries I get from it? That's my version of self harm. I get all the relief without the guilt because, in the end, it wasn't my hand that did it. I get to fight both at the same time."
"I know exactly how you feel. Exactly what you want. At all times." She smirks. "I know exactly how obsessed you are with my tits. How much you think about them. How much you look at them. How badly you want to fuck them." She licks her lips. "I can feel how excited you are that I'm pregnant. That my tits are getting bigger. That's what you think about when you jerk off in the loo, isn't it? How my body is changing since getting pregnant. How my hips are getting wider, my curves fuller, my arse plumper, and my tits swelling. You love it, don't you? You think about it constantly." She smirks.
Sky moans and arches the best she can, pulling on the ties. “Oh god.” She whines, feeling his solid fist inside her.
And that's what makes my life so fucking fantastic." She giggles and winks. "And I am a weapon of massive consumption
Sherlock grins and takes John’s hand to get up. They get ready to go and Sherlock puts Neriine into the breast pocket of his coat so she can look out at the world.
"Yeah? You want it hard? We're going to fucking ruin you." He growls lowly, biting at his neck. Jean moans and pushes two fingers into Michael along with his tongue.
Greg groans and sucks on his tongue gently. He cups Mycroft's face in his hand. He presses their foreheads together as he breaks the kiss gasping for air.
"Her loss I suppose." Mycroft laughs as Sky comes back. "Everything is cleared." Sky hums, opening the cells.
He pushes into her easily, groaning as he starts to fuck her. He pushes in deep, filling her cunt up to her womb.
“Oh no I’m prepared to learn, but from someone who has learnt the lesson themselves. Not a preacher who doesn’t believe in what they say.” Greg shrugs.
“Let’s get you something to eat, sweetie.” Sky takes the kitty to the cafe. “I’m gonna have to sneak you in. But how?” She thinks, the only place she could put the cat is in her shirt.
“Touch someone else. I already know what you feel. I want someone else. Someone I’ve not touched before.” Sherlock says as he looks up at Mycroft.
Mycroft smirks and grips his arse tightly as he pulls out his fingers, replacing them with his cock.
Maggie moans, her heavy belly and breasts pulling. “Oh yes yes please.” She begs, her cunt throbbing. She’d lost count of how many loads she’s taken let alone how many people have fucked her. Her mind starts to slip, all she can think about is how good cock feels and how many babies she’s going to have.
‘Take your time. We’ll be fine. Oh Clara is pregnant by the way. She doesn’t know yet. She had a one night stand the week before Harry contacted her about being so sick.’
Sherlock moans in displeasure as it starts, but those moans quickly turn into a deep pleasure. He watches as he stomach grows, stretching and starting to swell onto his lap. He spreads his legs to get comfortable. His breasts start to swell and fill with milk, moaning as they do. “J- John.”
He perks up when Greg answers. “Don’t speak with the doctors. He’s not a patient. He’s one of the doctors.”
He hesitates. "You missed her appointment. She's six weeks today, so today's a difficult day. She and my mum got into a fight. I.. It's my fault.."
He falls back to the bed beside Sherlock, with his hands on his face, breathing in and out heavily to steady himself. “Well I’m not going anywhere. I’m going to have to stay and monitor you. Clearly.” He makes himself comfortable on the pillow beside Sherlock and closes his eyes but his ears are well trained on Sherlock’s breathing, listening for every inhale and exhale.
“Take me Crys.” Mycroft moans, he captures Crystal’s lip in his, kissing her hard, and tasting the blood on her.
“You need sleep John. If we don’t keep to the normal daytimes, you’re going to become so tired.” Sherlock says softly, “lets get you a bed for the night.”
Sherlock looks about but doesn’t see anything. He lays John down on the couch and lays on top of him, protecting him.
She blushes. “I wonder how much of my hand you can take. Not everything has to be cock to have a good time.” She kisses Morna hard until her lips are red and puffy.
"Oh, you mean you kicked me." John laughs as he scoops her up and hangs her upside down. "Fine, you get tickled then. Come on boys, have at it."
"Before him, life was grey. I was injured, you were busy telling me how I'd be perfectly healthy if I had done things your way. Harry, for Christ's sake I wanted to eat a bullet."
He relaxes against him. “Can we go see your friends after a nap?” He blushes. “Mm, but I wanna take care of Mikey first.. let him use my mouth.”
“It’s dying anyway. This gives you an excuse to get that new one you’ve been eyeing at Tesco anyway.” Sherlock shrugs.
"We all have our crosses to bare. I just need you to understand that before I tell you what I did at the house.."
"And then we can move back home for good?" She hands him the sauce they've picked. "Because I don't like the flat daddy has. It's crowded."
She mewls and wraps her legs around his shoulder bringing his face closer. "You are my slut. I'll use you where ever I want and I want you to eat me out here. Then maybe just maybe I'll let you eat me out in bed."
Margaret comes back and puts the strap on on. She lubes it and gets on the bed. Sherlock pulls out of John as they kiss and Margaret pushes into John.
She blushes and mewls quietly, relaxing as he cleans her up. She blushes brighter when her nipples leak more when he licks them.
Anthea thinks for a moment. “I’ll always be your daughter. No matter what position I’m given.” She says softly.
Sky whines and rocks her hips slowly, loving the stretch of Dark’s knot. “Mm I can’t wait to be so full of pups. I can feel some moving already. So little and so much energy. I want to give them so many brothers and sisters.” She moans. “We’ll make you so full. You’ll never be without a litter inside you again.” Darius smirks, knowing if Sky gets Dark to come again his knot will go down.
He moans loudly and arches against the bed. "Yes.. Use me. Use my body for your pleasure. I want you to use me as your cumdump. Make me your slut. Don't even plug me up, make me walk around while your cum leaks out of me, staining my trousers and let others know who I belong to. Take me to a sex club and show me off, fuck me for hours in front of everyone. Please. I need it. Need to be used. Fuck me in your restaurant, fuck me at the Yard, fuck me in the back of a cab, I don't care. Just shove your fucking cock into me. Fill me up with your cum. I want it, I need it, I crave it." He babbles and moans, his fantasies spilling out.
"Well I don't accept drinks from misogynistic arseholes who think I owe them my attention. So fuck you very much and back off." Sky snaps back.
They watch a handful of videos, Rosie being curious about all the different types of abilities the gymnasts have. Eventually her attention wanes and she looks over to the pond, "I don't see any ducks. Do you think they're being shy today? Or maybe they're still sleepy and want to stay home instead of swim."
"Need your cum.. Please. You're already filling me with your huge cock, fill me with your load too.."
John whines and pulls away. “Locky. Locky hold me.” He begs, not caring about the bonds around Sherlock’s wrists.
“He won’t starve. He still has his regular food that has everything he needs. It’s not good for him to be overweight. If he gets too heavy he won’t be able to play with you.” Sherlock explained.
"Such a slut. Just like Mummy. I always knew you got it from her. She's always horny just like you. I know you remember how she'd just bend over whenever and let Daddy fuck her. No matter what." He sucks and nips at his throat as he strokes him in time with his thrusts.
“A few dozen in London. Less than five hundred throughout Europe. All Sireless.” Mycroft blinks hard, trying to focus.
She moans loudly and comes hard around him. "E-even on the outside. Even if I'm already pregnant. I can control how many pregnancies I can carry. My body will accommodate." She blushes brightly.
“I’ve got you. I’m here. Just breathe, darling.” Mycroft holds her close, licking her neck gently to make sure the bites healed.
He whimpers defeatedly when he realizes they're not in the house. He presses himself against Sky. 'I'm sorry.. I'm sorry..'
"Don't worry I'm not actually going to marry him. It's part of the plan. Someone wants your father dead and he's figured out a way to draw them out. It's actually a pretty good idea having the girl who can read minds at a gathering of people to find out who want to kill you. He is smart like that." She says distractedly as she stares at the contents of the rectangular box.
Mycroft sits down, smiling. "This has been a good trip." He starts. "I'm sorry I don't have a ring to give you..." He looks lost.
She takes her fingers out and puts on the strap on, slicking it. She kisses him deeply as she pushes into him.
He smirks and pulls him close, pulling his own cock out of his trousers. "Pull your trousers down, just enough so I can take the plug out and fuck you."
Greg looks at his healing scars. He decided not to put a bandage over them so they can breath. He puts on his t shirt and jeans. He brushes Sherlock's hair out of his face affectionately.
They get back to The Diogenes and one of the guards let them both into Mycroft’s room, without preamble. Sherlock bows into the room and is surprised to find The Masters gone.
George laughs and smiles. "Yes that is my hair." He hums thinking how Greg has the same hair as him and smiles softly.
They all eat in a comfortable silence. That is, until Mycroft speak up. He smirks slightly. "How was your night last night, Gregory?"
"What's the plan then? Your brother... My sister too, probably, flanking me while I stand over the grave that supposed you'll be buried in? Will there be cameras? Or are you just hoping someone will be watching me? I was a bit too angry just then to notice if anyone was following us on the way back here."
John descends into a fit on giggles. He leans over and kisses Sherlock. "I love you so fucking much."
"Aww somebody gets grumpy when he's hungry." Greg kisses him and gets out of bed. "I'll make you curry but you need to get your delicious arse up." He winks and goes downstairs to cook after putting on some clothes.
John toys with a baby spoon on the table then he turns to his aunt. "We're sort of here for answers, actually. Remember how Dad had that bite on his neck? Well, when Sherlock and I bonded it just felt right to give him one. It's given us this weird... joint bond. We're in each other's heads. Hell, he smelled Pete's problem when we checked into the inn because of our bond. Is there anything you can tell me about my parents' bond?"
"That skirt looks lovely on you so stop doubting it. Lydia has barely been able to think of anything else except how nice it makes your arse look." Sky says with her back turned to them as she sets the table.
He smirks and gets a hand full of Sherlock's hair, pulling his head back as he fucks him hard and fast.
John smells like the cleaning supply and spilled blood as he hovers over Sherlock to get him comfortable. “Sherlock? Did you hear me? What do you want to eat?”
“Beta’s before they have children they have health checks to make sure they have compatible blood types and such. So that the pup doesn’t get anything passed down to them or the mother has ill effects with a second pregnancy.” Sherlock mumbles, rubbing his face against John’s belly again. He can’t help it. It’s like he’s being pulled. “We’re looking for comparability so why not look at the cellular level? If we’re not biologically compatible it wouldn’t work.”
Greg nods. “Crystal will help me with all the new physical abilities I can do. And I’ll be learning control and experimenting at what I can do with you.” He explains.
"Greg, would you mind holding Danny and give him his juice? He gets fussy if someone doesn't hold him and I have to go wake up Collin." Carol smiles and her eyes flick her eyes to Mycroft who is getting coffee. She knows Mycroft loves it when Greg interacts with Danny. She smiles schemingly.
"Because in that one he never met you. You both never fell in love. You never changed each other's lives. It's because he doesn't have you that he says yes. And since he has you that possibility it false. You make the difference in his life. You make the biggest difference. And even though he doesn't know how you change his life he can feel it and that is what makes you both so perfectly matched.."
"She looked okay. Beat up but okay." Greg sighs as he drives fast, his knuckles white on the steering wheel.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Haven’t had cravings in a while.” He rips open the alcohol wipe packet and holds it out to John.
“Yes alright. I’ll see you soon. Take care, Myc.” Crystal smiles softly and hangs up, finishing preparations to pack before leaving for the airport.
Sky licks his face gently and waddles closer to him, pressing against his side wondering if he’ll figure out it’s her. “Yeah. Looks like she needs some tlc. Poor thing doesn’t know what to do with herself. She’s so big she can barely move but she still needs more.” Eli licks his lips.
“She took off. I went to her flat and it was empty. Her phone was shut off. I couldn’t find her and I figured she didn’t want to be found.”
Sherlock's pleasure as if it were his own. With a tiny yelp, he comes hard, his cock trapped between Sherlock's writhing body.
“I can change things about my body. I can do anything I want. What if I try to transform like you and Darius?” She rides him a little faster. “Then you can fuck me in wolf form.”
He moans loudly and rocks his hips up. "Yes. Yes, fuck. I'll fuck you every day if I have to. I'll make you so full."
Sky smiles as she sees Turk sleeping. "Wakey wakes sleepyhead.." she says softly and kisses him awake.
His cock twitches and starts to leak as she switches sides. 'Want to be a good Daddy, give you all the cock and cum you need.'
Greg follows him down stairs. "You didn't fucking listen? Are you fucking deaf?" John shouts into his phone. "No don't fucking listen to me because I have no fucking idea what I'm talking about!" His words drip venom and sarcasm. He's gripping the phone so tight it may crack as he paces the living room.
Sherlock gags as he tries to swallow everything, his own cock throbbing and leaking as his air is cut off. He pulls Eli’s hips closer until his nose is pressed against him, retching a bit at how deep Eli’s cock is.
“That’s all I needed to hear.” Sky smiles softly and sets their tea out with the snacks. “Tell me about your life?”
