Somehow that makes it both better and worse than having a body to bury. Better, because there is still some part of him that refuses to believe Tony is really dead. Without a body it's easier to pretend that Tony will come back to them.
The table is set formally, with fine plates his ma’ probably would have shrieked in terror about if Steve had so much as looked at them.  Two wine glasses and an open bottle of cabernet sauvignon are placed around a small flower arrangement. The lights are dimmed to a candlelight glow, clearly set up to leave just their two chairs in a pool of light.  Steve feels emotion clogging up his throat. Tony did all this for him, for
Tony hates this guy already. How dare he name himself after Tony's favorite carnival ride? Maybe it's just based upon simple centripetal force-acceleration and curved paths, and orthogonal directions, but tony
want this?” Steve asks, dizzy with the possibility, the very high possibility that he's just been reading too much into their shared looks, into everything. He feels small again, holding out a bag of sweets for someone he knows will only slap him down.
“How long have you been sick?” Steve asks, undeterred. Tony is quiet for a moment, likely considering his escape routes, but then he slumps further against Steve, lifting his head to whisper against his ear.
“He had...bruises. Lots of 'em. I got to thinking-who could do something like that to a guy like Mister Stark and not have it be news? Listen, he probably wouldn't let you go after 'em, but I'm not employed by Stark Industries. I could go talk to whoever it is.” The way Steve says 'talk' Tony gets the feeling he means 'punch in the face repeatedly', or maybe 'tear their arms of and beat them with said arms'. It's both incredibly sweet and kind of horrifying. Sweet because well, Captain America feeling protective over him is kind of a fantasy. Horrifying, because
“I love you.” Tony says, just loud enough for Steve to hear. Above them a projector casts a net of stars across the ceiling. Tiny pinpricks of white light reflected in Tony's dark eyes, like that night many months ago when they shared a tent and Steve thought this future an impossible dream. Steve tilts his head to brush his lips in a whisper of a kiss over Tony's cheekbone, then another for Tony's ring finger when he brings their linked hands up to his lips.
“No. I told you, this is my problem.” Besides, what is he going to say, someone broke into my private Seattle labs and left me a note and now I'm panicking? The very idea is ridiculous.
“You're not doing anything wrong. Tony has what we call a lasagna of trust issues and self loathing so deep you might need a archaeological dig crew to break the surface.” Under other circumstance the wording might have made Steve laugh, but now it just makes him slump even further into his chair. “I probably shouldn't tell you this but I am so
“Rash huh, what kind of rash, because I have a few suggestions for you Shellhead.”
“Mm, you do like the thought of that, I see that look on your face,” The toy is moving inside him as he speaks, and Steve can only moan and nod, feeling his face and chest heat, because it's true, and Tony knows him so well. “Next time, I'll wear a Kiton, the one with the blue you say makes my eyes look pretty, and you can go to town, darling. Mess me up just the way you like. Do you want that?” Tony's eyes are so blue, so full of affection, as if getting all dressed up and having Steve come on him is some kind of prize. Well, he supposed that's mutual, letting Tony debauch him while he's still fully in his tactical gear is a sort of habit for them now, and Steve does look forward to it enough to cut debriefs short if Tony looks at him a certain way.
“My god, okay, wow I think I drooled into my beard. I'll just get myself cleaned up, and then you can go sleep.” Tony says, shifting his hips atop Steve's legs restlessly.  Steve blinks, pulling out of Tony gingerly, trying and failing not to turn red with the knowledge of just how much of a mess he's made of both of them.
and future sins.
“What, what are you talking about, I'm not going anywhere.” Tony feels like he's missing a puzzle piece here. Steve sighs, resting their foreheads together; eyes so blue and earnest despite how obviously aroused he is.
. It was a picture of Tony. he was younger by a few years. He was also almost naked, except for a pair of ripped steady gloves, and some scanty underwear, giving the camera the kind of look that reached in and grabbed a fella by the ears. He posed provocatively on a bed, on his back, with an arch to his spine, hands above his head and jewels all over his body, including a broken diamond choker, still half on, with a trail of glittering gems studding his skin. Courting gifts surrounded him, boxes of bon bons, and clover bangles from Van Cleef and Arpels that probably cost a fortune each. There was an article too, not that Steve was paying it all that much attention; Tony Stark, on Confessions, Tiberius Stone, and Living on the Bleeding Edge of Technology.
“Tony.” She says, drawing his attention away from dissecting what kind of material her phone could be made of. “You're going to wait out a solution at your cottage on Lake Superior in Minnesota. At least one Ave-one of us will be with you at all times.” She's already told him this before, he knows this, but the information is still welcome.
hard. Tony sucks in a gasping breath, hoping against hope that Steve can't feel how hard
“Are too.” Two can play at the stubborn game. “They're actually really good, why are you such a hater?” Tony says, fighting the urge to laugh when Steve narrows his eyes as Tony takes a particularly loud drink from the straw. “Here, taste it.” To Tony's surprise, Steve takes the shake, bringing it to his lips and taking a cautious sip from the glass. He starts sputtering immediately.
in a way Tony doesn't have a real precedent for. He wants to curl up in this, soak it in and roll around in it all at once-but he settles for rubbing his face against Steve's chest instead.
me Rhodes?” Tony says with as much mock affront as he can muster, Rhodey starts laughing.
“Tired yet Shellhead?” He calls, picking his way across the pillows after slipping his boots and gloves off. The bulk of the suit stays on however-just in case, but he pulls the cowl down, shaking his hair out of his eyes as he stretches out on the pillows. Off to the left Jan giggles.
them. Some deep buried part of himself seems to recognize they mean him no harm.
“Yeah. Yeah I do.” In the humming of the ship Iron man's words are quiet, Steve almost imagines he can hear his real voice beneath the masking. He can't of course, but there's no denying a person is in the armor. Someone good who saw a soldier with shellshock and didn't go running in the other direction. He hopes there are more people like Iron Man in this new world, maybe then he won't feel so out of place.
, Tony thinks with no small measure of glee,
“That doesn't mean you're not allowed to be human Cap. You've lost a lot. It would be stranger if you were completely okay with this.” He reaches over, clearly telegraphing his intentions to touch, and Steve allows warm metal fingers to wrap around his hands.
This chapter is from Tony's perspective-to avoid confusion.
“Okay. Yeah, I don't want any parties though, you got that?” He grumbles, raking a hand over his face as Tony leads him out to a waiting town car.
“Did you just assemble us to give us hats?” Natasha asks, holding hers out and inspecting it critically. It's one of the more understated of the group. A gauzy white tree with little gems for ornaments. She looks around, seemingly taking note of Thor's reindeer horned helmet, Clint's bell strewn dual beer can hat, and Sam's wreath halo. Her lips quirk in a smile. “Mine is the prettiest.” She says with satisfaction, but Jan clears her throat, tapping her foot critically.
“Steve!” He gasps, reaching back to grab at silky blond hair, holding Steve against him and trying to press back against that perfect mouth. Steve growls, the vibration lighting up all the sensitive nerve endings there. It's fantastic, tortuous and incredible. Tony digs his knees into the bed, trying and failing to get leverage, as if he can urge Steve on, urge him to get up and get in him, but Steve is implacable, immovable. His ass is going to have perfect finger shaped bruises on it, Tony knows it, back in the part of his brain that's not trying to turn itself inside out with the pleasure. His cock twitches against the pillow, his thighs shake as Steve presses his knuckles against his perineum and licks a circle around his hole before giving it a sucking kiss, then another, just rocking his knuckles there, until Tony is all but sobbing with how good it feels. Tony goes limp against the bed, panting and shaking when Steve draws back and rubs soothingly over the back of his legs, turning his hands to put deep pressure on his inner thighs where they still tremble and twitch.
“Thor, Avengers, we need you now, now, get over here!” Steve calls over the line, not waiting for an affirmative to throw himself and everything he has into trying to get Iron Man free. Missiles pop and explode, but it doesn't seem to do anything. Steve's lungs burn, and his arm aches as he hits the creature with everything he's got, but it's not enough. Over the chaos he hears the sound of glass cracking. Iron Man screams, just as lightening slams into the hard scaly shell of the monster.
“Thor can you not?” Tony squeaks.
He pushes away though, nodding to Steve and slinking down to the workshop to be alone with his thoughts. When he walks in he has JARVIS cue up the video of him slapping the piss out of Justin Hammer. He emails it to Pepper and Rhodey, then he gets to work.
“Indeed sir.” JARVIS says.
The thought of food gets him moving, and together they walk through the door, Steve guides him through first, one hand spread really quite daringly over Tony's lower back. The bell jingles. He's in a little froyo shop with a jingly door with Captain America on a
“I am
I love your ability to multitask-” Tony sounds punch drunk, completely gone on it, his eyes roll back when Steve adjusts the angle, and he all but screams when Steve grinds against his prostate. “Harder, harder Steve, please, darling, I love you, I love you so much!” He begs, and Steve can't deny him, not now. Not when his own body is burning up, when he feels like the pleasure is turning him inside out. So he pushes Tony down on the table, bunching the back of Tony's shirt in his hand, holding him against the desk as he fucks into him with hard eager thrusts-and Tony takes it beautifully, rubbing his cheek against the desk, practically crawling up onto it when Steve pulls his hips up to change the angle and nails his prostate again dead on.
“Boss, it's gonna be okay.” Happy says, worry evident in his tone.  Tony's eyes snap up, hands reflexively going into his pockets to hide the minute tremors that always give him away.
He wandered aimlessly until it was after dark.  When he made it back to the mansion, Jarvis seemingly materialized from the aether to offer him dinner.  Steve wondered if there was some kind of sensor system on the front door.  The whole mansion was probably wired, come to think of it.  It was well known the Avengers all stayed in the mansion at least on a temporary basis.  Steve decided he would check out the control room, wherever it was, after he finished the delicious spread of food Jarvis laid out for him in the dining room.
He stayed in the training room long after Clint and Natasha left, working on the agility course and then strapping weights to himself to climb the rock wall near the back.  He lost track of time until the growling of his stomach sent him on the search for food.
when he says things like that. The man is a troll when he wants to be, but right now he's being completely sincere. He always seems to be sincere when talking about spending time with Tony. It makes him swallow thickly, his fingers squeezing reflexively around Steve's.
“Mister Stark takes care of my injuries most of the time.” Iron Man says slowly.
“Wow,”  He said, looking up at Tony wonderingly, “these are pretty choice, what else ya’ got?”
is appreciates a kindred spirit when he see one.
Steve watches him for a little while, stroking over soft hair and smooth cheekbones. “What am I doing wrong?” He whispers. Tony doesn't answer, but he does mumble in his sleep, turning into the contact of Steve's palm.
“You are worth that.” Steve grumbles stubbornly. “But I'll...I'll try. For you, anything.”
“You don't have to be better, just want you to be you Tony.”
“She does, when I let her. I don't know if you know this but I can be a little-” Tony laughs. “guarded, it takes me a while to trust.”
“I think we can safely say that kissing isn't off-putting for either one of us, so um.” Tony falters, as Steve very slowly rolls off of him to sit on the end of the couch. “Um. Go us?” He finishes weakly. He wants to sit up and clasp Steve's shoulder. Steve looks more than a little mortified, and that's just not on. Tony hates it when Steve looks like that, so he gingerly sits up, pushing his shirt out and trying to pull it over his own obvious arousal as he goes.
“I can't believe we have to fight him again!” Hawkeye yells from his perch atop a building. He's firing off electrified arrows left and right with impressive precision.
“Well, don’t you present a lovely picture.”  Tony says, drawing his gaze over to the staircase that leads up to the loft.  A black velvet robe is wrapped around his body, the belt just barely tied. The same burgundy slippers cover his feet, but his dress slacks have been switched out for a pair of velvet pajama pants.  Steve desperately wants to touch him.
“I know, but I'm not telling tales. Had a few kisses, just none of 'em with a man.”
of all things.”
A new crew of people showed up to cart Amora and Executioner away.  They wore fitted jumpsuits with vaguely patriotic symbols all over them.  SHIELD was, as Widow informed him, where their superpowered villains went, or rather, a facility run by SHIELD.  Local authorities did not have the kind of technology or manpower necessary to keep the Avengers’ more dangerous adversaries contained.  Something that became only too apparent when a headline on a discarded newspaper caught Steve’s eye as they were leaving Central Park.
“Won't work, doesn't matter. Anything short of Rhino tranqs and it won't do a thing. Doubt you've got any of those in your medpack.” Steve has a feeling if he could see Iron Man's face right now he would be gaping at him.
“Nat told us about the tie clip,” says Steve, drawing him close with a firm but gentle hold on his elbows.  "If that jacked up weasel is involved with that dragon business, we need to know. And you shouldn't have to talk to him alone."
“Do not seek what you do not wish to find.” Is the last thing he hears before sinking back into unconsciousness. This time he welcomes it.
way I mean. He just-” Tony can't meet Rhodey's eyes in the video call.  “It's really
Steve was about to reply when a glowing green figure appeared, barreling towards them at high speed, only to be intercepted by Thor.  After that it was a whirlwind of a fight.  Steve dodged blows between getting civilians safely off the bridge.  The rush was on him in force, the world sharpening into bright colors, time seeming to slow.  Each of the villains the team fought seemed to have some kind of personal vendetta, with the exception of the one they called Melter, who seemed to be searching for-there was a boom, and then a high whining sound interrupted his thoughts, a concussive blast blew Melter straight back into Radioactive Man.
“It's incredible.” He blurts. Tony's eyes snap over to him-equation forgotten from the moment.
“Did you just make a dick joke while your arm is broken in the woods?” Iron man says incredulously, but he squeezes his shoulder comfortingly despite the light tone.
“Steve! Oh wow is that bacon?” Tony walks towards him, buttoning his jacket and smoothing the lines of it. He looks so happy to see him that Steve can't help but smile back. This close up though, Steve can see faint strain around his eyes, as if he's not feeling entirely up to par. His gait-usually so smooth and easy-is slower, the steps carefully measured and small. Steve remembers the bruising and wants to walk him right back to bed. He doubts the gesture would be appreciated however, and it sounds like a full day lies ahead of him-but Steve worries.
Tony turned to look at him, a vicious little smile on his face, “One man army, oh, the stamina.”
“You look like her.” Tony said quietly, a small smile on his face that spoke of some bittersweet emotion. He wondered what Tony’s ma’ had been like. “Can you tell me about her?” Tony asked, hushed and hesitant, but he scooted close once more while Steve picked up the glass encased painting.
He went to the kitchen to eat and grab snacks first, and then trekked down to set up in the satellite feed room. At first he wasn’t sure what to look for, scrolling aimlessly through coordinates while he tried to come up with a plan.
“Steve, you can’t fight comorbid conditions, no matter how good of an alpha you are.” Tony said, laughing. He sounded fond, warm. “I’m not sick, honey, you’re such a sweetheart. I’m fine, don’t worry about it.”
“Copping a feel huh Cap, didn't know you were the type.” Tony says gleefully.  Steve groans in response, dropping his head back on the pillows.
“You show off.”  Tony laughed, half skipping to catch up with Steve.  “Fine, carry my bags, oh strong alpha, but you have to let me take you out to dinner later.”
"I feel like my Avengers Charter rights are being very disrespected right now."  He says stubbornly.  Natasha ignores him.
“Steve, good morning!” Tony is usually not this enthusiastic about daylight, but he supposes it has something to do with the fact that over the past few weeks the tower has been looking more and more festive.
“Our date got cut short.” Steve murmurs under his breath, Tony's head snaps in Steve's direction, but Steve's not looking at Tony, but instead down at his phone. Surely enough the HUD helpfully displays Cap's text to speech message within moments of it being sent. Huh. Steve has figured out text to speech, that's pretty impressive, but not at all surprising.  “I'll bring you something, I promise, wait up for me sweetheart?” There's a tiny fond smile curling at the corner of Steve's lips. He's staring down at his phone so affectionately that Tony wants to rip his helmet off and say '
“I’ve made a vanilla and grand marnier whipped cream and there are strawberries to dip them in.  It’s not very complicated but I do remember you saying you liked the idea of it.” Tony sounds as if he might start rambling.  It’s so far from his usual smooth delivery, as if he’s expecting Steve to shoot him down, as if that were even possible now.
The words stayed with him as he fell asleep, and stayed with him even when it became apparent that being an alpha did not mean his asthma would disappear, or that he’d gain a hundred pounds of muscle and a foot of height.  They stayed with him even as his ‘ma lay in her bed slowly dying of tuberculosis.  She had once seemed so big to him, so strong, and invincible, as she had once said.  The disease had not cared about how Steve Rogers looked at her and had seen a titan.  She slept then more than she was awake, and for that Steve was grateful.  Wakefulness brought a horrible rasping cough that made her eyes pinch with pain.  She tried to hide it, but it became Steve’s duty to help her take the medication to ease her pain, even if it could do nothing to cure her.  There were many times in Steve’s life where he felt helpless, and this was one of the greatest.  Sitting there, beside his mother, watching her fight a disease no alpha could protect her from, not even she herself, Steve knew his childhood was effectively over, short and tumultuous as it had been.
“Tony, you alright?” Steve murmurs, turning him so that they're leaning into each others space; effectively putting himself between the sidewalk traffic and Tony.
“Tony! Tony don't, c'mon snap outta it.” Steve's blue, blue eyes swim into focus, and the water draws back far enough that he can breathe again.
“Winghead you're out of your mind, your arm is broken-get off of it, get off, the reactor is going to-” Iron Man says frantically.  Steve has a split second to throw himself to the side, the monster slams another hand back down on the reactor, claws boring through the armor like a hot knife through butter. Iron Man makes a truly horrifying sound over the comms, and then the reactor is shooting a giant beam of concentrated energy through the creature. A protective measure, and surely not one that can be repeated more than a handful of times. For a moment it seems to have stopped the monster, it rears back, hissing and spitting, but the respite lasts only a moment before it's grabbing at the Armor's chest again.
“I can't JARVIS. You know that. If he...if he knew the truth he would hate me. I'm not like him, he's a good person, he's...a hero. I'm not like that”
.” It twists through his mind urgently. It’s panicked, harsh, lower east side accent ringing in his ears. Tony gasps, chokes as Rhodey lifts him out of the water, but the ocean is still rushing in his ears. Tony stares out at the water unseeingly as Rhodey shakes him, rubs his arms, grabs his face and asks him questions he can’t answer. He thinks of the plane, of gloved hands reaching, of the endless dark, of old soldier’s songs he can sing but has never heard. He thinks of flashing numbers, longitude and latitude. Tony blinks.
“Yes, perhaps, after this war is over, you can live another life.  Perhaps we both will.”  Dr. Erskine leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees.  There was something in his expression, hope, regret, fear.  Steve wondered if Dr. Erskine himself believed either one of them would survive the war, or that Steve would even survive the coming day.
take until they're both sweaty and panting on the floor. But he has a
love youtube tutorials, and JARVIS fills in any blanks that might be left by those.
“Let them be mad, survival shouldn't be a commodity, there's plenty of other things to make profits off of, they can just suck it up.” Tony says, steel in his gaze despite the soft smile he shoots Steve when he rolls over in a chair and pulls Tony's legs up into his lap to knead at the tight muscles of his calves.
“Steve-” He says, slipping his hands up to tug at Steve's hair gently.
“Always so tense sweetheart.”
“No, ordering out would mess up my whole Tony Stark is in Fiji rumor. Besides, I like cooking.” Well, that's something Steve didn't know. The other times they have spent together Tony has ordered food for them, or already had entire four course meals in his refrigerator.
Tony shifted, turning towards him on the couch.  Steve’s eyes were drawn down to  the open vee of his shirt.  There was a scar just visible.  The top of it thin and growing wider as it disappeared beneath the fabric, like a shooting star emblazoned into his flesh.  Tony noted his stare and cleared his throat, doing up the buttons with one hand.  “You were cold.”  He said simply.
is self deprecating to himself.  “Nevermind. Just so you know though, I am not going to go play courtesans and kings with ol' Doomey Woomey. I only have eyes for you.” The words are teasing, but Tony's gaze is soft when he comes to stand beside Steve, giving his left arm an affectionate squeeze.
Mio caro cuore- My dear heart/my darling heart
“Something new, darling, something we haven't tried yet.  I am glad you have been enjoying yourself so much. Do let me know, I need the encouragement.”  Tony murmurs, sounding amused, but his skin has gone hot where Steve touches it, and he's smiling almost shyly.
“So sure, c'mon Rogers, not getting any younger here.” Tony lets his head sink back down, and Steve laughs quietly. Soft shuffling behind him, the bed dips, Steve wedging his knee between Tony's thighs to push them apart slightly. The click of a cap, and then hot, and slick, and pressure, one finger dipping inside him, testing, curving to work him back open. Last night Steve had been in him, and he in Steve, Tony knows without a doubt that he's still at least a little loose, but Steve never seems to care about that. Tony just thinks he gets off on watching him squirm on his fingers. Although, Tony can sympathize. Watching Steve desperate and writhing is one of his favorite things, he can't blame Steve for feeling the same.
“Tony it's okay.” Steve is so sweet, so concerned. Tony wants to throw up again. God he's such a mess.
That right there, it's just such a novel concept.  The food won't run out, and Steve gets the feeling Tony isn't talking just about food and sleep.  Abundance; he's never really had it, not until Tony. Whether that is time to rest, meals, or...the love of someone he loves in return.  It's taken a while to understand some of Tony's double talk, but he feels like he might be getting little better at it. Part of him wants to say this is all too much, he doesn't need all of this to survive, but it feels so good to just sit here and eat Tony's frankly delicious food.  To have Tony near and happily eating a small plate of eggs himself, stealing kisses in between bites. It's everything he ever wanted, more than just a mission, or existing, being with Tony is like being shocked into the world all over again, and he wants to be here, now, stuffing his face with perfectly prepared food with his sweetheart at his side.
. He thinks only somewhat sarcastically.
He draws Tony again, eyes half closed clutching a coffee mug in one hand and a stolen hashbrown in the other. When he's done he stares at it. It's so obvious he's in love with Tony, he may as well have drawn floating little hearts all around the piece. Steve sighs, tracing his fingers over the graphite, and wishing not for the first time that he could read a thought or two. It would be great to know if Tony was as gone on Steve as he is on him. Of course the alternative would be finding out Tony was just humoring him. Maybe ignorance is preferable. Steve picks up his pencil and draws a little Iron Man on Tony's mug. Better.
“Oh,”  He whispers for what feels like the hundredth time tonight “really, I didn't think, I never thought, even before, when you were with-” He lets the sentence trail off, he doesn't want to think of Tony with other people now. People who hurt him, people who
Steve followed the sounds of fighting up to the surface.  They were in a submarine of sorts.  It was a sleek thing, with too many windows, and glowing lights like some kind of deep sea leviathan out of a Jules Verne novel.  Steve was accustomed to submarines being cramped things, claustrophobic at the best of times, death traps at the worst.  This was like nothing he had ever seen.
“Is he, I won't see anything-JARVIS.” He asks, tipping his head up towards the cameras hidden around the room.
for making the fantastic art in question!
Tony is interested, he just can't seem to convince him that the interest is returned and then some.
“Cute, you think you're so cute, don't you?” Tony's little frown is
“Tony, it's okay, just focus on breathing, it's okay.” The tall red head in the sky high heels is there suddenly-Cinnamon? Her name is something spicy, he knows it, if he could just
I'm fine, peachy keen, one hundred percent ok-” He breaks off to sneeze again, the sneeze rapidly devolving into a coughing fit that both looks and sounds painful. Steve sinks down on the couch, pulling him close and letting him shiver and groan through the coughing until he stills. Most days it's easy to forget that the arc reactor can't be the most comfortable thing to live with. On days like this though, where Tony goes tense and pained after something as simple as a sneeze, Steve is reminded of just how invasive the arc must be.
“Uh. Winghead, do you really think someone like Stark would be okay being with someone that hurt him like that?” If possible, Steve's expression becomes even more mulish.
“Thank you sir, shall I break out the champagne and the cigars? I'm sure my baby shower is long overdue.” That startles a laugh out of both of them. Steve stares down at the glass in amazement.
“That's why I have to lead him to me!” Tony cries, pulling his hands away to throw them up. His eyes are wet at the corners. “I'm his goal, and if you all get hurt protecting me then that's on me, it's on me and I can't-” Tony whispers, sagging against him when Steve pulls him close, cradles the back of his skull in one broad palm. “I can't ask all of you to fight a battle that's mine.”
Tony can't even say anything to that. His mouth is open against the pillow, hand spasming in Steve's grip. Then Steve does it
Two days ago several of his old new friends' disappeared off to do who knows what. The one named Bucky is still here, but he's like a ghost. Tony doesn't see him often, but when he does drop by it's usually with food or a hot drink. He seems to be treating Tony as if he has a cold, or maybe a nasty sinus infection. It's kind of amusing to watch a guy that walks like that tiptoe across his bedroom with a tray full of chicken soup and strong black tea or coffee.
“Your fingers are so big, dove, so lovely and big, just what I want.” Tony keeps talking, even as Steve slowly works one lubed finger into him, his breath hitching on a moan as he pushes back to take it deeper.
“No um.  Iron Man wasn't here, he's investigating something for me."  Tony is aware that he sounds anything but convincing, but Steve is just nodding as if it's not a flimsy as hell excuse.  And Tony just can't control himself, the guilt and shame of his secrets eating at him until it just spills out.  "What if I was lying to you-” Tony whispers “-about something big? Would that-would that change the way you feel about me?”
“Hey bucket-head shouldn't you be resting?” Clint says, pointedly gesturing to their teammate with what's possibly one of the largest sandwiches he's ever seen.
“Your turn Cap!” Warm brown eyes crinkle at the corners, the sparkle in them just shy of devious. Steve swallows, taking off his hat so it won't smack into Tony's, and stepping in to wrap an arm around Tony's waist drawing him close.
instead. It's not even their
“How long?” Everything is strange, alien. Sleek metal, strange glowing things by his bed, a man in a metal suit that looks straight out of a science fiction novel, and that unshakeable sense that everything is wrong, that he closed his eyes and the world shifted around him while he was down in the water, frozen like some kind of ice age sculpture.  “How long was I asleep?” Everyone in the room seems to wince. Steve swallows thickly.
“We need an MRI.” The scrubbed woman at the front of the gurney says almost to herself, and all three of his companions are suddenly up in arms.
“Oh my god, what a...what a
“Bitter, so bitter.” Widow's voice is amused, Steve has no idea where she is, but that's not entirely out of the ordinary. Then Thor seemingly materializes from inside a shop, interrupting them all.
At night he was still alone though.  He struggled to sleep.  The bed was comfortable, the temperature perfect, but sleep, if it did come was short and filled with nightmares.  He woke more often than not with his heart pounding and a scream caught in his throat.  Back during the war, his inability to truly come down from a rush wasn’t as much of a problem.  There was always another mission, always something to move towards.  He never had more than a day or two of waiting around.
Awareness slips away from him after that.  He knows he's kissing Tony, that his eyes are a little damp, that Tony is untying his wrist and bringing his arms down, rubbing at them with sure movements.  He feels so good, and he loves Tony so much. He feels safe and cared for, and overfull with pleasure and warmth, that feeling growing bigger and more when Tony takes Steve's arms and encourages him to wrap them around him.  He's broken things apart, done countless things with his strength, but here holding Tony close so carefully; it feels like the most important thing he's ever done.
“Oh shit, Steve, we were going to tell you about that, but then there was the alert,”  He trailed off, then stepped closer opening his arms, “hey, let me fly you back to the mansion, we’ll talk there.”
“The Avengers, you're one of us.” Catsuit interjects, watching the doctor who's just entered the room closely.
“No, Thor is Mighty Muscle Man, also Sparky, I thought we discussed this.” Steve knows Tony well enough to know he’s not really miffed, but the man is an excellent actor at times.  Secret identity notwithstanding.
“Don't start. I'm trying Nat.”
So copious amounts of sex it was. It didn't mean anything to him or his various partners, and it had been fun while it lasted, both for himself and his partners.  Then he took a load of shrapnel to the chest, and acquired the world's fanciest nightlight, and a secret identity. He's used to being lonely, but tony misses the human contact intimacy brought, and the sex too, although not quite as much.  Despite all his posturing, he's been celibate since the arc become a feature in his life.  It's a necessity with his secret identity, but he'd be lying if he said it wasn't a sacrifice.
Warm metal presses between his shoulder blades. Strange, he thought it would be cold, but Iron man is warm, as if he's been sitting in front of a fire. The touch grounds him in reality, and after long moments with Iron man murmuring comfort that makes no sense the world rights itself. His hearing stops fuzzing in and out, and he sits up fully, letting go of the odd hand with a glowing center he had grabbed unthinkingly.
The first few times their paths crossed, Steve had given his all to kill Schmidt, but he was like a cockroach, slipping through Steve’s fingers every time he’d thought they had him.  He and Bucky and the Invaders ran missions between their confrontations with Redskull, but he was always at the back of Steve’s mind.  Finding the camps had only made that fury greater.  Bucky cried for days after the first one, the sight of so much human suffering, and the very idea that people could be that cruel to each other had shaken them all to their core.  Of course Steve’s top secret security clearance meant he had been briefed on them, but seeing them in person made it more real, more horrifying than any clinically printed packet ever could have.  There had been alpha soldiers patrolling the camps, that in itself made Steve retch when he thought about it.  How could they?  How could they have done such a thing?  Alphas were protectors, warriors, not torturers of the innocent.
Steve, just fine. Just a momentary lapse, I'm good now.” He's not-not entirely, but it's enough for now. Enough, with Steve crowding him up against the counter and holding him close, stroking his hair. Enough when the other Avengers trickle into the kitchen, and Carol shows him today's news headline detailing the massive info leak of all of Hammer's shady business dealings. JARVIS has apparently been
Wordlessly JARVIS lets him into the room, bringing the lights up to a warm glow similar to candlelight. The bedcovers are flung back as if Tony had tossed them off in a rush. Mint, the whole room smells like mint. Steve notes the jar of the same scented cream still sitting on the night stand. There's much more missing than the last time.
“You're one of the most trustworthy people I know. I put my life in your hands when we fight, when I let you carry me around with your fancy rockets. Why wouldn't I trust you for this?” Steve tries to put every ounce of his sincerity into the statement. He needs Iron Man to know that this is okay, that there's no one else he would have more faith in to make things right.  “Something tells me you know more about doing this sort of thing than I really want to think about.” He adds, when the hand on his shoulder stills, Iron Man going quiet over the comms. Steve has a feeling there's a lot of swearing going on behind the faceplate.
“Jesus...” He pants out “Tony, Tony please-” He doesn't really know what he's asking for, his body is a livewire, all of his awareness fixed on the dark head bobbing between his legs.  In response Tony hollows his cheeks, and slides his mouth upwards to lavish attention over the head of his cock. Steve is making a mess of his mouth, but Tony doesn't seem to care, he never does, and it's gorgeous and so hot Steve barely knows what to do with himself.
.' Steve thinks the gesture that follows that is definitely not standard ASL. Clint's probably just sore because he lost the betting pool again.
“It's powered by its own Arc Reactor, bulletproof, friction dampening, and able to survive various temperature extremes. Best of all it's nice and stretchy, I could make these for anyone on the team and have it fit.” Tony pauses, scrawling math across one of the floating screens. “Well, it probably wouldn't fit our lean green angry bean, but most everyone else should be covered.” Tony says idly, shifting from foot to foot, and the motion makes Steve want that body under his hands. Steve
“What was that mister big brain, you want another? Well gosh you just had to ask.”
“Yeah.” Tony mumbles, momentarily exceedingly turned on by the thought of Steve in a red white and blue Iron Man suit. “You most of all, would be-that would be so hot.” That's to say nothing of how much better Steve would be shielded if he had something like the armor encasing his body. His very warm and well muscled body. Steve's hand is tucked between them, fingers around the tag resting between Tony's clavicles, just the brush of his fingers there makes Tony shiver, even tired as he is.“Mmm, you gave me your tag-I should-I should make you armor.” Tony says, perking up where he's been lying in a wilted heap curled up in Steve's lap.
“Sir, shall I call someone, you appeared to be having a nightmare?” JARVIS asks.  Tony shakes his head, licking his dry lips. Dummy rolls up close, clicking and whirring his worry like the great big baby he is. There's a clink. Tony glances to the side to see the bot placing a shake on the floor in a way that can only be described as morose. Tony takes the shake, trying not to spill it while he drinks it through the big bendy straw Dummy tossed in there. Where he got the straw Tony has no idea, but he appreciates not having to sit up to drink it
Steve stops him, grabbing his chin with a gentle but inexorable grip to tilt his head back so their eyes meet. “There's nothing wrong with you.” Steve says, and the graveness, the sheer
“Looking awfully grumpy there, handsome.” Tony's warm tones draw him up short. He's leaning in a doorway, all insouciant grace and languid poise. Steve feels the tips of his ears go hot when Tony meanders closer and drapes an arm over his shoulder. Steve doesn't shrug it off the way he might have once. Not now, not when there's this
“Tony, I want to go with you.”  He said slowly.  Tony stopped in his tracks, turning to face Steve.
broad wow, I could just hang off of you like a koala.” Tony babbles, eyes widening when Steve kisses his cheek. Tony is grateful Steve seems to find his inability to make any sort of sense around him charming. Who can blame him though? What is a level head when Steve Rogers is being all complimentary and romantic? Tony is going to do something really drastic soon, he can feel it in his bones. Either that or he's just going to drop dead from the tension.  “You um. Ready for a full night of me being a complete asshole for charity?” Tony asks, stepping into the limo with Steve right behind him.
Steve laid there panting.  Sweat plastered his hair to his forehead.  His body tingled all over.  He was still hard.  Steve swallowed, shut his eyes, and started moving his hand again.  In for a penny, in for a pound, he wasn’t sleeping that night.  God he wasn’t going to be able to look Tony in the eyes when they next met up.
“So that’s real, you really can, I dunno, feel what other people are feeling when you touch ‘em?”  Steve asked, eyes widening when Russell shrugged, affected and unaffected at once.
“You still want to see what I'm working on after I'm done at S.I.?” Tony asks, draining the last of his coffee and standing to get a third cup.
He's not done yet, he doesn't get to rest, not yet.
“You feel really awake, like you could take on the world?”  She sounded as if she already knew the answer to that question, but had to ask it anyway.  Like Mrs. Carmichael when she asked if anyone had done the homework after Halloween.
“Sugar,” Steve deadpans, caught off guard. Tony smiles wide, blue eyes twinkling with affection and mirth. Steve sucks in a deep breath. Tony has brought him here, to this place he doesn't share with anyone. It's an intimate gesture, sharing this, wanting Steve in such a private space. Steve feels tension unknot between his shoulder blades with his answer. “Yeah. It's good for me. I'd like that.”
“Not living up to that now am I.” The words sound torn out of him, but Iron Man continues as if he hasn't spoken at all.
“Just. Just be-” It seems too much to hope for. Like something he could never ask for, something he wants more than anything.
Except of course that was exactly what he was going to do.
“Oh my gosh I think he's waking up!” A woman's voice comes from directly above him, as if she's hovering around his face; a heartbeat like a hummingbird's is just barely audible to Steve's ears. Steve frowns in confusion. Opening his eyes has never been this difficult. Curiosity and the need to take stock of his situation wins out over laying in an unknown bed like a lump.
“He's also kind of an asshole, but the apple don't fall far from the tree. Anyway! Um.” Stark falters, pressing his lips together. Steve hands him back the tablet carefully, aware that he's just been fiddling with the molecular structure of something most likely highly flammable.   “Thanks. If you're hungry I think Carol might be roasting something.” Steve is almost always hungry now, but food just doesn't seem appealing. Still he nods encouragingly, letting Stark back out into the hallway.  “I'm happy you decided the stay here.” Stark says, as if Steve's doing him a favor by staying in his house. Steve can't figure him out at all.  “And yeah, shutting up now and leaving. Bye, take care, call me if you need me. I'll have more stuff for you later.”
“Go the fuck to sleep.” Rhodey deadpans. Tony's uncontrollable giggles ring out through the workshop as the call cuts off.
“Who is it, do you have a bead on them Jay?”
Evening finds them all sitting outside on the porch, watching the stars pop into view in smatterings of white sparkling light. Tony starts calculating distances between them almost unthinkingly, startling when Steve plops down next to him on the porch swing.
If it makes something fiercely protective burn hot inside his chest, he's the only one that has to know it.
“Activate protocol Echo Nine Tango Seven Three Mike India Sierra-in case of emergency, you know the drill JARVIS.”
“Yeah well, these meager charms popped you right in the kisser, so watch yourself.” Doom looks incredibly unimpressed, staring him down as if he really can't believe what Steve is saying. “It's not for lack of trying, he's so stubborn! I don't know what to do!” Steve cries, throwing his arms up. Doom tsks under his breath.
“Steve, I'm- yes, yours, all yours big guy.” Tony chokes out about as smoothly as a gravel road. Steve feels affection twist in his chest, warm and rising like a tide, and just as inescapable. He leans in, releasing Tony's face to thread his fingers through Tony's hair. He just rests his hand there for a moment, petting the soft strands, before curving his hand around the back of Tony's neck to sweep him into a kiss. It's soft at first, careful, but grows deeper as one kiss melds into another, and another more. Tony gasps, trembling against him and throwing an arm around his shoulders. The bag of peas thumps onto the ground, but neither of them cares; too caught up in each other to care about anything but the press of their mouths together. He slips his hand beneath the untucked tail of Tony's shirt, rubbing over the warm smooth skin of his lower back. Tony melts against him, fisting a hand in Steve's pajamas as if to try and bring him closer.
Camp is not the same after that. He does a headcount and startles when the clock-like beat of Bucky's heart comes up missing. Steve is halfway out of his tent-shield in hand, before he remembers. Regret tastes bitter in his mouth and he sobs himself to sleep that night.
It made perfect sense then, to find the nearest army recruitment office.  Sure he was only seventeen, but they had to let him join, surely.  He wasn’t exactly sure how one went about enlisting, but surely a recruitment officer would talk to him.  What he had not counted on was that the states had apparently not gotten the memo.  Sat across from a recruitment officer, he stared in incredulity as she told him the United States had not gotten involved in the war as of yet.
“It's pretty big, a lot bigger than I thought it was.” Steve continues, refusing to be side-tracked.  The faceplate tips down, eyeslits staring at him so intensely that Steve almost apologizes, before the bay is opening and Clint is yelling up the ramp.
“Steve, beloved, I'm so glad.” Tony kisses him again, leaving his body humming as he always does. “I'm just going to get up for a moment, alright, we need to get clean and then we can spend our lazy day in bed, hmm?” Tony slips away from him then, and Steve's mouth goes dry, his cock stirring ambitiously between his legs when Tony drops the robe in a heap on the floor and saunters off into the bathroom.
Tony wakes up in a soft bed. A slender hand is wrapped around one of his, and someone else is combing their fingers through his hair. His chest hurts, and he has an itch somewhere deep in his sternum. Moving seems like more trouble than it's worth though, so he keeps his eyes closed, listening to the murmur of conversation going on around him. The fingers in his hair feel so nice, Tony hopes whoever is doing that keeps it up.
He thinks, smiling despite himself when Tony trots over to give him a kiss on the cheek before leaving the room to welcome Colonel Rhodes down in the underground garage. Steve watches him go silently, before picking up his sweater and hat, and heading to his own room to change.
“Don't listen, sweetheart, don't listen, you're worth ten of him, more than that, God so much more than that-” He tries to speak as clearly as he can, louder than the waves perpetually thundering around him. He sees bowed shoulders straighten, he sees something like his own resolve when faced with rejection after rejection applying to enlist, the same expression that stared back at him in the mirror of his dingy lower east side apartment. His face had been spotted with broken flecks of silver, warped, but his soulmate is clear, so clear to him, and Steve loves him, he loves him, and feels he knows him better than himself sometimes, better than this cold ghost in the dark he has become- but their connection splinters before long, slips through his fingers like fine beach sand.
Everything is soft, from Steve's lips mouthing kisses all over his skin, to the warm cotton sheets beneath him. He's half hard, but that's inevitable with Steve touching him like this, there's no real urgency to come, just a slow languid push upwards towards full arousal. He settles in, letting Steve arrange his body, letting Steve bend and flex, and stretch out sore muscles better than any professional he's ever gone to. Distantly he wonders if Steve watched videos about this-the man
Alstroemeria-Devotion, aspiration.
“Long day?”  She said, coming closer to peer over Steve’s shoulder.  One of her cool hands pressed to Steve’s forehead, and Steve swallowed, he really hoped he didn’t have a fever, he felt fine!
“Is it dead?” Steve asks, supporting Iron Man as he lists sideways in the armor. Thor looks up, expression grim.
“Oh that's not fair.” Tony slurs when Steve gets a hand under his waistcoat to start kneading his shoulders through his undershirt, pressing his thumb into the line of his spine and dragging it down. Under most circumstances Tony would be about ready to strip naked and throw himself onto a bed, but he's just so
“Hi.” Steve repeats, holding Tony up with one hand and cupping Tony's cheek with the other. “I missed you, welcome back. See anything keen at the symposium?”
Natasha stared at him for a long moment wherein Steve wondered if he’d gone and stuck his foot in it again. “Иисус, he was right, that is unfair.” She said almost to herself, before setting her mug on the washer to walk closer. “I have come to also offer help, if you need it. Tony said you were...concerned. About it being some great imposition.”
Tony smiles, scooting close to press right up against him. “Here, let me see your hands.”
“You might sing a different tune if you’da seen me before the serum.”  Steve shrugged.  He was sure he wouldn’t have rated a second glance from a fella like Tony Stark before the serum gave him this body.  Steve looked up at Tony, who had an expression on his face like he’d sucked on a lemon, and then the lemon insulted him.
“Oh” Tony breathes out “I um. Praise. It ah-it's very good, since we're being honest here, you should know this about me.” Tony shifts closer, rubbing his cheek against Steve's in an unconscious demand to be touched.
“Push into me, now, nice and slow, this is a good angle for me, and you're so strong, aren't you, stud? You could hold me up like this for hours if I asked you to, couldn't you?” Tony's words are so warm, so firm and commanding and full of affection, and it feels so good to hear that. To hear that his strength is good, that it can be useful for Tony, that Steve can engage it here to bring the man he loves pleasure. He can barely speak with how turned on he is, only managing to nod, framing Tony's hips with his hands and hiking him further up over his thighs.
The MOMA is just as amazing as Steve remembers. Tony is surprisingly knowledgeable about art. A fact he explains away by saying Pepper is the one who really enjoys art, but Steve knows a critical eye when he sees one. Tony talks about brush strokes and composition as readily as any art critic. He shies away from rooms with large crowds of people in them, until they end up at an installation that is empty at the moment. Light dances through colorful hanging glass beads, painting Tony in a dappled glow, bright across his features like radiant glowing splashes of translucent paint.
“Got sick just after you left, one of the board members infected us all. They've all recovered but I'm still..I'm still. Tony hates revealing any kind of weakness, even if it's something far beyond his control. That he trusts Steve enough to even tell him this is monumental, even if they have been together now for months. Tony Stark is the kind of person that complains about the weather while he's dying. “Yeah, my chest hurts.” Tony finally says, body going lax when Steve slips a hand away from Tony's back, and between them. His fingers crawl up under Tony's shirt, leaving gentle touches, soothing over Tony's clavicles, pressing his thumb against taut pectoral muscles.
It's starting to get dark when Steve buys a handful of glow necklaces from a street vendor. He grins, dropping the bright circle of neon blue around Tony's neck.
“Mmf..rocket...rocket skates..” Tony mutters from atop him, yawning and rubbing at his eyes, and Steve suddenly realizes the reason his hands are so warm is because they're cradling Tony's round behind. Steve very slowly slides them upwards to rest on Tony's back-but even just woken Tony is still Tony.
He stays there for a little while until Tony comes looking for him. He's flushed and carrying a cup of eggnog, swaying into Steve's space and singing obnoxiously. His mistletoe headband has disappeared, and in its place a pair of sunglasses with blinking lights and tiny Santa hats on each lens are in its place.
rubbing against him, hot and aroused; that's almost enough to make things come to a very embarrassing and immediate end. So much for pulling away, he thinks somewhat distantly.
. She doesn't respond, but sometimes he dreams of her kissing his forehead and telling him it's alright. He wants to reach for her, but his arms are too heavy, and the vision slips away; smears away like a hand wiping oil paints across a canvas.
“Does he like pasta?” He asks after what looks like a whole lot of indecision.
“We're watching Jurassic Park, Steve saw a still from it on some website and he wanted to watch it.” Natasha says from the doorway of the room. She's carrying a tray loaded up with bowls of popcorn. Behind her, Thor has a truly impressive amount of candy in his arms.
“Lockdown code Hanky Panky.” Tony calls without missing a beat when Steve comes into the room. Heavy doors slam shut, and the large windows ringing the space tint and polarize within seconds. Steve snorts, leaning against the heavy blast doors and taking in Tony's appearance. It's enough to make his mouth go dry. Tony is in a pair of pants so tight they look almost painted on, and a short black cropped shirt. It's loose on his chest, hanging away from his body when he bends to sweep his fingers over glowing holograms.
“I have chosen you because you are a good man, a good alpha, and I have a belief you will continue to prove my hypothesis correct.”  Perhaps Erskine had not known it, perhaps he had not known how much Steve needed to hear those words in that moment, in that particular time in his life, but they hit home nonetheless.  Steve didn’t know how much he believed it, but it still lit him up on the inside, made some ragged piece of himself he’d been ignoring feel whole and new.
“Bullshit.” Steve says with feeling.  “You're my friend, and you've been at this Avengers game longer than I've been awake from nap-time, so I'm telling
“It fits perfectly, it's heavier than the old uniform was-” He starts, smiling when Tony grunts, and turns his nose up with disdain.
“Wow.” Tony croaks, reaching up to touch Steve's flushed cheeks. His eyes are liquid blue, adoring, the expression open on his face. “What brought that on?” He asks, licking his lips to wet them. His throat is scratchy, mouth dry, the corners of his eyes are wet from clenching them shut so tightly. Whatever encouraged Steve to do this, he hopes he can find a way to do it again. Steve shoots him a quizzical look, leaning over the side of the bed to grab the container of wet wipes off the bedside table.
“Why are we camping in the woods Steven, you know I could have rented us a cabin right?” Tony mutters, all big brown eyes and imploring gaze. Steve is almost moved, but he has a plan for tonight.
Steve feels like he's missing some crucial piece of the puzzle.
“Yes, yes please, I will be, I'll be-I'll be good.” He wants to be good for Tony, to keep his hands wherever Tony puts them, to earn the praise Tony lavishes him with seemingly without thought. It would take almost no effort on his part to snap the bonds Tony is suggesting, it just means he has to work harder for it. Tony must know by now how he likes to earn things, how he likes to work to please Tony. He flings his hand up against the headboard, and clutches around the metalwork with his other hand.
That doesn't stop the stuttering moan from breaking forth from his lips when Tony rocks a bit atop him, squeezing tight, almost painfully tight around his cock. “Tony, Tony, oh please-”
“You shoulda stayed in school.” Steve said, crouching down by one of the youngest looking of Zemo’s men. “Read some books, I don’t want to see any of you ever again.” The henchman said nothing, Steve expected no less.
“If we are all done with this morning’s drama, then I think it is high time for roll.”  Mrs. Carmichael’s voice broke out over the class, and there was another brief smattering of laughter, but it soon died down, and class began.
When asked about recent accusations of corporate espionage against Tiberius Stone, Mr. Stark only had kind words about his former partner, explaining they were not compatible and split amicably, over difficulties not related to the accusations of espionage. When pressed, Mr. Stark merely stated ‘I don’t kiss and tell.’ Sources close to the Stark scion... (Story continues p.50)
“I'm not, I would never...I don't want to hurt him. He-I think he's really special and I want to-I want to show him that. Want to treat him right.  I'm just-really bad at this.” He says, frustration coloring his words. Rhodes' face softens a little at that, but he seems determined to say his piece regardless.
he used to be-these kids that only knew him as-
“Don't worry, Iron Man and I are still madly in love, you can tell your mommies I said so.” This seems to brighten her spirits, and she gamely joins in recreating her snowman, Tony dictating the size of the base for maximum sturdiness; holding her on his shoulders so she can plop the head on and its coal eyes. After they finish, Tony produces a sheet of Avengers stickers from somewhere in his pockets. They've attracted a small crowd, but the only ones that approach are the little girl's mothers, who thank Tony and Steve profusely for keeping her safe while they chased their little boy down-the apparent culprit of the first snowman destruction.
“Feels good?” He asks, pressing his thumbs into the defined dimples above Tony's round behind, where they peek out tantalizingly from the waistband of his pants. Tony just trembles, going down to rest on his forearms, head bowed as if he can't hold it up anymore.
tiramisu. He makes sure to tell this to Steve, and receives a brilliant smile and a frankly adorable giggle in return.  “Dinner first, tiramisu later.” Steve drives a hard bargain, but Tony sits and lets Steve ply him with delicious pasta nonetheless.
He still felt all keyed up though, his body running hot.  The sun was too bright, and the city far louder than it usually seemed.  The bruises didn’t even hurt, though he knew they were there, and would probably hurt come the next day.  If his lungs hadn’t been making their best effort to do the impression of a faulty bellows, Steve would have chased those two goons down the street, but he had what he came for, and the elderly beta woman was in need of her pills more than Steve was in need of punching one of those fatheads again.
In which there are holiday shenanigans, and a wee bit of that good ol' Tony Stark Angst.  Also, so. much. snuggling.  You have been warned, this is a fluff-in.
The walk to his room is lonely, but he feels Tony's gaze follow him down the hall. He doesn't turn to look, that way lies madness. Madness and possibly picking Tony up and having him against the wall. Steve flushes probably down to his toes at the thought. He doesn't know if Tony would even
“Good god,
“Yes, the key to helping millions of people around the world. These are the adjustments I needed to make it viable for mass use. I had been looking at it all wrong, like machinery, circuitry, seeing biology as something to overcome instead of something to work with, go figure. I still have my original work, but it's a bit too...extreme for the public.” Tony finishes, the little twinkle in his eye glimmering there as if with some closely held private joke. Steve has never seen Tony look quite this excited. It's jaw dropping. He's so beautiful, so wonderful that Steve can't help but kiss all over his face. Can't help but tell him how amazing and inspiring of a man he is.
“Tony.” Rhodey's voice is soft and coaxing but he's not looking up.  “Tones, I love you, but you are
“I've...gotta go Pep. Call me if anything urgent pops up. Yeah don't worry, Cap is coming, he'll make sure nothing bad happens-he's responsible.” Tony's grin widens when Pepper takes that for the obvious lie it is.  “Oh ye of little faith, I can't believe you think Captain America is reckless.” From the sounds of it, Pepper is laughing in fond exasperation.  Steve snorts, throwing a leg over his bike and holding a helmet out to Tony.
Tony's answering smile is blinding. “Good, go take a shower while I get things set up. Your pajamas will be hanging on the door. We'll cook dinner together after you finish up, darling.”
“I believe this to be unwise sir.”  JARVIS should know by now this has less than a zero chance of Stopping any plan Tony might have when his mind is already made up.
That's; that's well, something. Tony feels like he might cry, their first shared orgasms and neither of them even managed to get out of their pants. It would be a tragedy if it didn't tic so many boxes on his Ultimate Fantasy Hitlist (mostly involving One Steve Rogers). “Besides” Steve continues “This was about you, I wanted to do this, to see you. Like this.” He finishes, the set of his jaw making his bottom lip jut as he sets it stubbornly in reaction to whatever expression Tony can feel his face twisting into.
“Oh my god.” Tony whispers to himself. “I'm the luckiest man alive.”
“It really doesn’t hurt?  Honey, you can tell me the truth if it does.”  She said quietly, but there was something knowing in her eyes.
“Wait.” Tony blinks in confusion at the three tablets stacked oh so neatly next to the bed. “Wait, what?”
“Take me on a date, court me, do your forties thing to your heart's content, I'm all yours.” Tony's really impressed that his voice stayed steady for that whole sentence. Steve beams at him, but there's something satisfied in his gaze.
Steve groaned, shoved a hand beneath the waistband of his pants.  It was probably wrong to think of Tony that way, but God it was the first time he’d felt pleasure since coming out of the ice.  He wouldn’t bother Tony with it, he
“It was the right thing to do.  No one else was helping her and I,”  Steve swallowed, looking over at the beta woman, she smiled back encouragingly, “I had to do something, anyone would have.”
“Tony-”  He laughs, reaching out to rub his palms over the silky fabric just barely covering Tony's hips. “Yes.  I, okay yes, I would like to do that. I don't want to hurt you though. I want it to be good.”
“Happy new year Steve, guess we found someone to kiss for good luck even if it's a few days late.” Tony murmurs, smiling widely and demanding another kiss.
“Baby, so beautiful, oh, yeah, you're going to make me come, aren't you? You're so good to me, so sweet, and big, and pretty,” he words sound tight, strained, the way Tony sounds when he's right on the edge, and Steve whines, rocking more firmly against Tony, knowing he must be flushed everywhere, his mouth is open against Tony's skin, he can't seem to close it, panting harder now than he has even during a training exercise. Tony's hand slips away from his ass then, and he's pressing it between their bodies, his knuckles dragging against Steve's sweating abdomen to wrap around his own cock. He feels Tony's hand working there, dragging up over the head, stroking himself in time with Steve's thrusts.
The halls were empty, dark, and silent when he walked through them, but lit up as he began walking.  Motion sensing lights, well, wasn’t that something.  He remembered where Iron Man had said the gym was, and although the house was massive, it was not as confusing as Steve would have thought.  It seemed to be designed with ease of movement and efficiency in mind.
“No it's not, how am I supposed to protect you if we can't even find the bastard that's after you?” He says, not bothering to hide the tremor in his voice.
The leader attacks, and all the planning in the world could not have prepared Steve for what it feels like to lose his last thread of connection to Tony. He knows the dimension Tony is in is collapsing, that the likelihood of Tony's survival can be reduced down to a tiny fraction of a decimal point, but he still hopes.
“I want a long time then, possibly a life sentence.” Tony mumbles, turning into the touch.  Steve hums as if he's thinking it over, running his other hand over the dip in Tony's spine in small soothing circles.
“You look like you're all mine.” Steve says softly, and his hand slips down Tony's back to touch the bruises along his hip.
“Is it important?” He asks.  JARVIS seems to pause, clearing his throat delicately before continuing on.  “I believe so sir.” Well alright then.
emanating from his chest.
Nice going Stark, way to make things awkward.
He thinks as he dodges a ripple of gravitational energy.
“Kay.” He says for lack of the ability to come up with anything better in the face of Steve Rogers asking him on a date while sporting an amazing case of bedhead.
“You're not arrogant.” Steve mutters mulishly. Tony's hand pauses on its way to lifting the glass back to his mouth.
They lay like that for a time, Steve has no idea how long, but it's good, so good. The corners of his eyes are wet, but he doesn't care to hide it, just letting Tony stroke his hair and croon sweet words to him. His thoughts are so slow, syrupy, as if they've taken a dip in blackstrap molasses. Everything is warm and soft, and he sighs when Tony takes one of the sleeves of his robe and wipes at Steve's eyes, gently rolling him onto his back when he's done.
Steve laughs, arranging them so that he's not crushing Tony beneath him on the pillows-although Tony didn't seem to have any complaints either way.  It's quiet after that, the two of them trading gentle hesitant touches, until Tony drifts off, wrapped up in Steve's arms with a slight half smile on his face. Steve watches him for a time, until the fire burns low and the only sounds in the room are the beating of his own heart, and the gentle electrical buzz of Tony's pacemaker. The last thing he registers before sleep sweeps him away is JARVIS' soft goodnight.
Iron man looks away, his left hand opens and closes and he shakes his head.  “No,” Iron man says slowly “It's not all like this. Just, maybe don't say that to Stark when you meet him. His ego's big enough.”
“Can I come in?” Steve sounds almost hesitant. Tony's eyebrows raise in surprise, but he nods, stepping aside and cueing JARVIS to open the door for them both. Once they're inside Steve turns to him, gaze serious. Tony has a moment of panic that something in their silly fight in the living room has upset Steve, but that worry is soon gone with Steve's next words.
Steve is hard.
-well, it makes a strange sort of longing well up in his chest. Strange because it seems as if he's gotten everything he's ever wanted, but Tony has never been one to accept things as they are at face value. He keeps expecting for Steve to be like the others, for him to want something, or to not be as good a man as he has always had the reputation for being; but Steve keeps proving him wrong with every action, with every demonstration of how much he means it when he says
“Hi.” He croaks, cracking his eyes open to stare up into the worried brown eyes of a man in military dress. Tony likes him instantly, he hopes they're friends. He sort of hopes everyone in this room with him is his friend.
Tony was there alright. He was in a welding apron, standing in one of the manufacturing bays, dancing and building a brand new armor, it looked like. Steve stared at him through the blast rated glass. The whole lab was filled with brand new projects, Tony had been very busy. Steve shored up his bravery and knocked on the window.
one of those singing fish?” Steve asks, laughing and gathering Tony close, squishing the banana plush between them. Tony grumbles under his breath while Steve rubs his cheek against the top of Tony's head and coos to him in French.
“Shaddup, you know I love shepherd’s pie.” Steve sets the nuts aside, wiping his hands against a towel folded up next to the cutting board.
Steve thought, and sat up a little straighter in his seat.  Russel was an omega.  It made a certain kind of sense, and Steve had been a little sweet on him since last year, when Russel shared his mallow cup at lunch.  As if he sensed the classroom full of curious eyes on him, Russel grinned, whipping his gloves out of his pocket, and very conspicuously pulling them on.
“I trust everyone on the team, but you're different.” Steve is looking at him, blue eyes warm but serious. His expression is so focused, so intense, despite the redness of his cheeks he's not looking away. Of course he's not. This is Steve Rogers, by all accounts and purposes the most stubborn and fearless man alive.
As always I love and appreciate your comments and kudos, they're worth their weight in gold <3
What, he doesn't know, but he trusts in the abilities of his friends.
“Oh gosh, Tony, I'm sorry!” Steve cries, steadying Tony as he wobbles in place.
“You are unreal, do you know that? I'm sure if you asked he'd hand himself over on a silver platter.” Iron Man pauses. “Probably with bells on if you wanted. You know what they say about him.” Iron Man continues, and Steve feels himself go tense, panic disappearing in the face of simmering anger. Not at Tony, but at the people who write the sort of stories Iron Man is referring to. Learning how to use the tablet, Steve has come across a lot of ugly articles about Tony Stark. Tony with a sleek smile on his face, Tony with a drink in his hand and a man or a woman on the other, Tony who looks nothing like that when he's around people he trusts. Steve hates those articles, hates the people that write them, that try so hard to tear down, to dissect, to demonize.  “Lotta trash all of it. Doesn't matter what they say, and it doesn't change anything about how I feel.” Steve grouses, and Iron man shifts an infinitesimal fraction closer. Steve hears him take a long breath, but before he can voice whatever is on his mind the train gives a horrifying shudder.
“Yeah I thought so. You wanna tell me what's wrong? You were shivering, are you cold? The suit Stark made you should be insulated enough to keep you from-oh.” Iron Man cuts off as Steve looks away, out towards the open window. Both of his hands open and close, he turns on one foot, then back to look at Steve before marching over to slam the window shut. The faceplate turns towards him again, and then he's moving, drawing curtains over all the windows in the compartment. Steve feels a rush of affection for the man in the armor. If it is Tony it just makes him love him even more, if it's not then he's still an incredible friend, and an observant one at that.
“Footsie, Steven, what kind of boy do you think I am?”
“Okay.” Tony says. “I can take a break for a moment.”
He was grimly satisfied to be sent on missions within the United States after that.  There were spies holed up within their cities, state officials and people who played at being innocent civilians.  Steve took no pleasure in killing people, but these were Nazis, people who sought to destroy societies, to commit mass genocide and acts of evil so vile that Steve wondered how they could call themselves human at all.
Steve is cautious but ecstatic, the night before they make the attempt, he lays in bed and talks to Tony until the sun is just peeking over the horizon. He only sleeps two hours before waking again to begin the setup. The expo is a terrible idea, Steve has made his thoughts on the matter clear multiple times, but in the end they all cave. Tony is coming back to them after all.
“Might I remind you sir, that
"How do you think he would have felt if that thing
“Steve is fine, I'm living in your house, seems funny to have you call me that.” He's proud of how steady his voice sounds, it's not every day a guy that looks like a matinee idol welcomes you into his home.  Stark beams at him, seemingly unconcerned by the thought of having a stranger move into his place. No matter how huge the mansion is, it's still an awfully swell thing for him to do.
Steve felt himself go red nearly to his toes.
“Did you forget your own birthday?” Steve asks, clambering out of the bed on shaky legs. Tony doesn't protest as Steve picks him up and sets him on the nearby couch. Tony learned long ago that Steve Rogers allows no arguments when it comes to stripping the bed down after making a mess of it, so he just relaxes down into the cushions and enjoys having a gloriously naked super soldier making their bed.
When his eyes flick upwards, Steve is looking a little pink in the face.
Tony strips down, tossing his clothes off haphazardly before slipping under his covers. Tonight's clothing pile is a job for tomorrow's Tony. He only hopes they never do end up getting hit with some kind of extra-dimensional sex magic or whatever the hell is out there. His heart barely survived kissing Steve Rogers, he can only imagine what actually sleeping with Steve would be like. Tony's eyes snap open, he stares up at the ceiling.
Captain America carrying him to bed? Tony is torn. On the one hand, wow, childhood fantasy come true. On the other hand, Tony does not do well with people touching him while he sleeps. That is an understatement. Thor tried to move him once, and he'd apparently gotten an elbow to the soft parts. Tony winces.
Tony comes awake to the sensation of strong fingers stroking through his hair. He keeps his eyes shut though, enjoying the feeling of being touched gently. Steve is warm and solid beneath him, their legs tangled together beneath the blanket in a long continuous point of contact. Tony would be content to stay like this for hours, just letting Steve idly pet him while morning cartoons play on in the background. It should be at least mildly uncomfortable, his belt is digging into his waist and he's probably drooled on Steve's impressive pectorals, but it's not. It's sweet, domestic and
“Your soulmate, I know you have one-what does it feel like to you, love?” Tony asks sometime later, watching Rhodey’s expression shift, stars reflected in his dark eyes. They’re sitting on the roof of the mansion in New York. It’s empty and hollow, Tony doesn’t want to go back inside. Somewhere in the kitchen his shattered cup lies there, pieces jagged and broken apart. Tony can’t think of that now.
“Okay, okay, love you all, but I have a meeting in,”  Tony lifted his hand, looked at his wrist, “two hours, and I have to jet.”  He chewed on another bite of the donut, Hawkeye threw a balled up napkin at him.
Thor's spaghetti is surprisingly good. So is how the man looks in a pair of oven mitts. Jan shows him the picture she snapped. He supposes Asgardian warrior Princes probably look majestic no matter what. When he informs Thor of his opinion he receives an extra meatball.
He tastes too, blood behind his teeth, like he’s been punched in the mouth, sucks it back behind his lips, doesn’t spit it out (he knows what being hit feels like, tastes like after all).  Sweet pungent cigar smoke sometimes filters into his senses, like Obie’s, blown in his face with no regard for young lungs. It’s a comfort, sitting with Obie and showing him new designs, his small hands dwarfed by Obie’s large ones as he points at things and asks what they are.  Tony smiles, and breathes in hazy air with the bright feeling that someone feels pride in what he does.  He likes that taste when it comes, wonders what his other half is doing now, thinking now to evoke such a thing.
“You're still hard,”  He slurs out, reaching down to get a handful of Tony's round glorious behind.  “haven't-haven't come yet.” Maybe Tony will rub off against him like this, take what he needs.
“I need you to promise that you won't chase the rabbit, or the water in this case. Can you promise me that?” Steve's voice shakes slightly, but his gaze is steady. Everyone in the room is staring at the two of them expectantly. Tony smiles.
Everything is going well-until it's not. One of the Doombots has found a bus. It tears it in half as easily as wet cardboard. The scent of smoke and gasoline so strong it almost eclipses the scream of metal tearing apart. Even that however is not so loud in Steve's ears as the screams of civilians trapped inside. There is no time to react when the bus is flung toward him with a velocity Steve doubts he will survive unscathed. He makes a split second decision, to jump out of the way means certain death for the people inside. Staying gives him the chance to use the shield to slow the spinning pieces of bus down.
“What do you think ma’, I’ve been learning how to make bracelets, do you think Russell would like one?”  He asked, more to himself than Sarah, but to his surprise, her weak, rasping voice answered back.
He knows this song.
“He didn't. No. It. Nothing
“Thanks Dummy, good boy.” He murmurs, patting the bot where he can reach. Dummy beeps, rolling off and returning with his mini Cap shield. He drops it in front of Tony, clicking his pincer and giving him a Look.
-seems more important.
“Yes, feel me liking Steve, I am
“It did, you wanna pick up where we left off?” Steve asks, and Tony just smiles, scratching short nails over Steve's scalp and laughing when he tells him he's not to stop under any circumstances.
much.
“There's really nothing for it, you shouldn't worry about it.” Maybe he should be more concerned, but it's the price he pays for being who he is. There are worse things.
“Yeah, these things happen, it's natural, kissing is pretty fun huh?” Tony says, offering Steve an encouraging smile. His lips throb, Tony tries to ignore how much that makes him want to pull Steve back down onto the couch for round two. Steve slumps, shutting his eyes and taking a deep trembling breath, before squaring his shoulders and offering Tony a smile in return that doesn't quite meet his eyes. It looks a lot like his 'humoring the press smile'. Tony feels his stomach sink.
Steve is really serious about this-not just going on a date with Tony, but telling the Avengers, making no secret of what the two of them are getting up to. It makes something that feels an awful lot like happiness flutter somewhere in a forgotten part of his heart-that Steve who could never have this before is so willing to put this out in the open, that he's chosen
“I am
Steve kisses him to stop that particular sentence from being fully uttered. Tony just laughs, but he does kiss back, so Steve counts it as a win.
“You think I'm sweet?” He manages to choke out, gripping more tightly at the bedhead and staring up at Tony through blurry eyes, almost unaware of what he's saying.
“We were informed by the fair Wasp that the story is one of fancy, but it sounds a tale of true wonder.” Sometimes Tony wonders if Thor is really...happening. The guy is just unreal-in a good way.  “Ah, Anthony, we are most pleased to see you, the mansion has been quite dull without your presence.” Thor lumbers his way over to drop some of Tony's favorite candy in his lap with a huge toothy grin. Tony loves Thor, Thor is great.
“Bambino, if I said no, what kind of man would I be?  Mia would never forgive me, I am old, but not a numbskull.”  Lorenzo’s dark brown eyes glittered, deep laugh lines creased about his eyes.  Steve couldn’t help but smile back at that.  It felt unfamiliar on his own face, it had been so long since he’d had anything to smile about.  “So,”  Lorenzo said, bringing Steve into his cramped office in the back of the gym, “what are you looking for here, you want to lift weights, learn how to stretch?”
“Jay, tell him he looks great.” Tony manages to get out, trying and failing not to laugh.
Tony manages to contain the little moan that threatens to slip out at the thought of Steve Rogers on his motorcycle, but it's a close thing.
“Steve-” He pants wetly against the warm skin his face is hidden against “Steve let me, let me return the favor.” His voice slurs, the words blending together as if he's a few shots of whiskey into a bender. Steve has gone hot, and when Tony manages to sit up properly and get a good look at him, he looks more than a little sheepish.
“I see.”  The man said, but he didn’t look steamed about it, on the contrary, he looked positively delighted as he tucked the bill back in his pocket, and turned to knock on the window of the car.  A few seconds later, the elderly woman he’d gone to get the bag for stepped out, offering Steve a slightly sheepish smile.
“Don't. Do not apologize for that Cap.” Iron Man says with a firm gentleness Steve doesn't know that he's earned.  Steve's eyebrows raise at the nickname though, but he doesn't mind it. It's nice, as if maybe they could be friends.  “I have them too.” Iron Man says quietly. He's not looking at Steve anymore. Metal fingers tap out an uneven rhythm on the bedsheets. A nervous gesture Iron Man seems to catch, his shoulders bunch up slighty, and he clears his throat. Steve appreciates the show of humanity, and he wouldn't call a fella out on being nervous anyway.  “It doesn't make you any less strong, or whatever you've got pinging around in that brain of yours.” Iron Man sounds so certain, he wishes he could believe him.  Steve swallows again convulsively, short nails digging into his own skin as if that will force this all to make more sense.  “Without you I don't know that this team would even exist. You're one of the greatest heroes to ever live, we all want to be like you. ” Iron man continues with a note of wistfulness in his modulated voice.
“Not a lot of people like Stark, Cap. You don't have to force this just because he makes fun toys.” If it's possible Steve's expression becomes even more stubborn, but now he looks offended too.
“That's wonderful, just wonderful, I'm so glad honey, you're so good.” The words wind through him, and Steve nods, pants and rocks himself more on the toy, chasing the orgasm Tony so clearly wants to see. If he were more conscious of himself he might feel too needy, too much, but not now with Tony whispering encouragement and kissing his cock the way he would his mouth. “I would have you come on my face, but what a mess, and I need to be able to see well for what we're doing next.” Tony says with an air of contemplation.
A truly incredible amount of screaming thank yous to my beloved esposa
Tony, or Tony Stark, as it turned out was not only the Avengers benefactor, but also Iron Man.  He greeted Steve in the garage of the biggest mansion Steve had ever seen.  He was still in the armor, red and gold, like a figurine of Midas made real, but as welcoming a host as he had ever met.  He gave Steve an abbreviated tour of the place, while helpfully not mentioning how badly Steve’s hands were trembling.
“Wow that's dedication.” Tony mutters, pointedly ignoring the glare being tossed in his direction.
“Slippers?” Steve asks, reaching out to flick one of the bells on Tony's sweater.
“Did no one think to give you better gear when you came out of your fancy light cocoon like a big beautiful Nazi punching butterfly” Tony says, apropos to nothing when he calls Steve down to the lab several hours later. Despite the respite to get his nerves in order Steve still feels he may just take off into the sky under the power of his anxiety alone. The source of his terror belongs to the expertly wrapped bouquet of flowers currently hidden against his back. Tony seems to be busily prodding away at one of his holo-screens however, allowing Steve to angle his body in such a way as to keep his cargo from potentially being spotted.
“Come anytime, let me taste you, look how pretty you are, you look so beautiful like this,” Tony says, low and full of praise. His mouth is on Steve's cock again just a moment later, or it could have been a long time later. Steve doesn't know, time doesn't seem important, only Tony seems important. Tony wants to see him come, likes it when he does. The pleasure is so bright, so good, his toes are curling, he's dimly aware of the noises he's making but they seem so far away, unimportant next to the wet heat of Tony's mouth, the way he looks there between Steve's legs. He feels like he belongs here in Tony's bed-and God that's good, he loves it so much, loves Tony so much, wants to stay here always, wants to be with Tony always.
Dr. Erskine arrived shortly after sundown, and with him came even more confusion.  He was being shipped back to New York, he’d been chosen.  There had been a terrible sinking moment when Steve thought he failed somehow, that his landlord was right after all.  Dr. Erskine assured him that was not the case, and that he would explain further back at headquarters.
“Yes.” Tony says, covering Steve's hand over the arc with one of his own. “It does get cold. But you'll keep me warm right?” His smile is slightly brittle.
“Honey, you're so perfect,” Tony gasps, the long column of his throat flexing as he tips his head back. Steve can only whimper, hand clenching and unclenching where it's tied as Tony's body slowly, so, so, achingly slowly, opens up and lets him in. It's indescribable. Tony is so hot inside, slick and tight- almost too tight, the lube-wet squeeze of his body making Steve feel as if he's being turned inside out.
Natasha just stares at him, completely unimpressed by his speeches as she ever is.  “Steve loves you, you know?” She says, ignoring it when Tony gapes at her, trying to wrap his mind around that non-sequitur.  “He'll love you whether you're our backer or the man he trusts most to fight at his side. You don't have to keep this from him.” She says, her words careful and gentle. She's talked to him like this once before. He was dying then. He wonders if she knows something he doesn't. When he gets back to the mansion JARVIS is going to be tasked with running scans of the reactor
“You're too sensitive for me to fuck you again right now, won't feel good for you.” He says, running his palms down Tony's back, watching the flex of strong muscles avidly.  Tony smiles back at him affectionately, but also more than a little deviously.
“Come on old man, let's go get your early bird special.” Tony can't resist prodding him just a little bit, but Steve just drags him closer, slowing their walk to throw an arm over Tony's shoulder, looking critically over all of the gleaming vehicles when they finally make it into the garage. As it turns out, stopping every few feet to kiss makes it awfully difficult to get anywhere fast. Not that Tony is complaining.
“Steve, hold that thought, God, I'm sorry. Natasha made an appointment with me at five, sounded important.” Tony should have remembered earlier, but well, he was a little distracted.  Steve sits back, but doesn't protest when Tony slips off his lap to slink off into his walk-in closet.
The knowledge of that ratchets his own arousal up higher, makes him harder if possible. He's moaning against Tony's mouth, feeling so hot and overwhelmed and as if he's burning up with it, burning up and floating away, and letting Tony push and pull him just where it feels best. He knows he must be getting Tony even messier inside, maybe Tony will let him look, later, maybe, it would be such an honor, it
“That is for use beneath clothing, a chain around the waist, the cuffs go around the legs, very decorative, but probably not something to give as a first time courting gift.  If you bond with an omega you might gift it before a heat.”  She said gently, but with no small hint of amusement.
of people like something precious, but to have that care so clearly returned is not something he's familiar with.
“Really, well I have something for you
“Button up I mean.”  He took Tony’s gloved hand in his.  “I’ve seen scars before, you probably got that doing something wild and heroic, huh, mister?”  As soon as he said it, he knew it had been the wrong thing to say.  Tony went pale, he looked a little sick, scooting away from Steve and climbing off the couch.
Amora stepped out in front of him and a beam of magic stretched from her.  He raised his shield to block it, but the modern New York city block was gone.  Amora was gone.  Bucky was standing across from him looking the way he’d looked the last time Steve saw him alive.  Perhaps if the exhaustion were not so intense, the obvious illusion would have been more apparent, but in that moment it was all so real.
the vile things.
“You sure it should be white?” He fires back, once he talks his body down a bit.
Steve can't contain himself with that, so warm and flushed and dizzy with the praise that he turns just enough to catch Tony's smiling mouth in a kiss.  Tony doesn't disappoint either, he slips his other hand beneath Steve's head, holding him there and leaning over him, kissing all thoughts except for how the two of them fit together away.
“Give me the banana.” Tony demands, sitting up in the bed.
to the edge of light
“That so?” Tony asks, clearly amused.
“Summit.” Tony squints at the diner as if he's woken up in another world.  “Are we in
“That so, because if it was up to you I think we'd still be at sixes and sevens.”
“Oh now you've done it Stark.” He growls, wrapping his arms around Tony's wriggling form and sliding downwards. Tony's eyes bug when he fastens his mouth over a spot just about in the middle of Tony's stomach, then inhales and blows the loudest most obnoxious raspberry possible on the skin there.
The mug in his hand clatters to the floor, shattering on impact, spilling its contents across the floor. It smells of incense, smoky trails oozing from a thurible, swinging slow like the rhythm of a thudding heart. Tony breathes in deep, and opens his eyes.
He flopped back on the bed, throwing an arm over his face.  Relieved laughter bubbled out of him.  He thought Tony would laugh at him, but no, it wasn’t like that at all.  He hoped Sarah could see him now, daring to give a gift to the most gorgeous man he’d ever seen, a superhero, and a billionaire to boot.
pasta. You don't even know. If it were pasta or handjobs, he would probably pick the pasta.” Tony expects the crass wording to net at least a blush, but he's wrong.  Steve just looks like he's actually making note of this. Tony's not sure what to make of it. Pasta and Steve Rogers though. Tony's life is looking up.
“There are eyes everywhere.”  He had said, clasping Steve’s shoulder.  It was an ominous statement, one Steve remembered later, when catastrophe struck, but at that moment he could only nod.
“I know, but maybe I'm just a little pissed off at the guy that tried to hurt my friend, and the man I love.” Steve says with the sort of lack of hesitation Tony has come to expect from one of the most stubborn people Tony has ever met. Tony feels like his eyes might pop right out of their sockets. Steve said that a little like he and Iron Man are the same person. Steve loves him? Steve
“You're pretty much the only fella I want.” Steve stutters when Tony's eyes go wide. “To help with that, c'mon Tony I'm already embarrassed enough as it is.”
“You didn't even buy me dinner first, I'm appalled.” Tony snarks, but he's rolling to his feet, grabbing Steve's hand to haul him up as he goes.
him makes the crash back to earth that much worse.  “Let's get you home, I bet Happy will have the limo around in no time.”
“Yeah okay, mhmmm...going, doing that.” Tony's words drop off sleepily.  Steve feels him shiver in response to his gentle light touches, but he doesn't comment, content for now to rub between strong shoulder-blades, until Tony is nuzzling his chest sleepily and his breaths even out as he drops off.
“Please don't get a divorce Iron Man, my mommies say you an' Cap are in love.” She looks so distressed by the dissolution of their fake marriage that Steve feels a little guilty.
Steve woke up in a state of confusion. His body was warm, languid, as if every pain and stress accumulated over the years was no more. For the first time since waking up, the covers were kicked down to the end of the bed. He wasn’t cold, he was warm in fact, his water bottle pillow was across the bed instead of clutched tightly in his arms. Briefly he couldn’t remember how it was he came to be in his room, and then it all came rushing back. The newspaper, the horrible drop that followed it, and, Steve sucked in a deep breath. Tony was an omega, Tony had touched him, held him, been so sweet and generous and without judgement while Steve did his best impersonation of a walking disaster. Even going so far as to stay with Steve until he fell asleep.
“You love me.” Tony says, awestruck, turning in his arms to touch over his face wonderingly. “You really do, this isn't some joke.”
“Oh my god, take your foreplay to the bedroom!” Clint calls, earning himself a smack on the back of the head from Jan.
“God, I always fuck things up don't I?  I bet you're regretting your choices, I wouldn't blame you.” Tony says after a long protracted silence, misery coloring the words with hollowness.
“I will do my best Captain Rogers.” JARVIS says quietly after a long period of silence. Steve smiles.
of Tony, not just what he thinks is pretty enough for Steve to see.  He gathers all his self control and pulls Tony to his feet.
“No membership dues, not for you.” Lorenzo said, crossing his arms as if daring Steve to argue with him, even if he was still smiling.
When Steve steps out into the bright light of the lab with his uniform on Tony stares, eyes raking over his body assesingly first, but then greedily for a second pass. Steve might pose a little.
“Tomorrow, um.” Tony licks his lips, hands spasming slightly in Steve's grip. “Tomorrow, after I get some work in at S.I....do you want to see what I'm working on? It's pretty neat?” Tony winces clearly about to backtrack, so Steve cuts him off before he can walk it back.
“You got it sweetheart, anything you want.” Steve says, his laughter full of joy and relief. He takes the necklace from Tony's hand, undoing the clasp and settling the thin chain around his neck. His fingers brush along Tony's neck, warm fleeting sensations that make Tony shiver. He stays still though, sucks his bottom lip between his teeth, letting Steve settle it to his liking. When it's good and in place Tony poses a little bit, watching Steve's eyes darken with no small amount of satisfaction.
“Hammer.” The contempt oozing from his words almost palpable in its conviction.
The Invaders felt the same about him, when they at last made it over to Europe-although Namor would very likely never admit it.  Old Imperius Rex had some kind of mental block when it came to paying anything other than the most backhanded of compliments.  Steve didn’t take it personally, Namor was like that to everyone, and his tiny little briefs made up for a lot of his personality.
“I miss you so much, miss your touch, god I miss touch so much.” Tony babbles one night, half delirious with sleep deprivation. It takes three hours to soothe him into sleeping that night. Desperation begins to set in with force when Tony wakes him one night in a panic. The dimension is becoming unstable. Suddenly their timetable needs to be moved up. Tony is fantastic, a whirlwind of intelligence and unconventional ideas as he always is. He speaks with Jane Foster, and together, the two of them hatch a plan with Sam to bring him back.
That explains the discomfort. He thinks with dawning horror, taking a deep breath to try and steady his nerves. Or he would, but the breath catches in his lungs shallowly, sending him into an abrupt coughing fit that leaves him wheezing, curled on his side. So that's a no on deep cathartic breaths then.
“Alright Tony?” He asks, low and full of promise.
“I um. Watching you was, it was just so good Tony, I-ah. You won't have to reciprocate.” Steve murmurs, his entire face is a lovely shade of tomato red. Oh.
“Look, I learned how to play from a card shark of a Sicilian grandmother, I know a card cheat when I see one.”  He said with a seriousness he didn’t feel.  Tony started shuffling the cards again.  Steve raised an eyebrow in challenge.
“Oh don’t worry about me dear, but my bag, there’s pictures of my grandbabies in there, and my prescriptions for my heart.”  A frail hand clung to Steve’s arm, and Steve patted it, before helping the elderly woman to her feet.
happy for him, if Tony found someone good for him, someone kind, a partner he could count on, a good protector, someone who would treat him with the affection and care a person like him deserved. It wasn’t that he thought Tony couldn’t take care of himself, he was Iron Man, a real brainiac, a hero, but heroing could be very lonely, Steve knew that better than anyone. He hoped Tony’s hypothetical partner had a good solid glare they could level at annoying schmucks at parties, he hoped they’d be as good to him as Steve wanted to be, if he were brave enough to make his feelings known.
presses in deep; Steve letting out a moan of his own at the feeling of Tony's body clenching around him and then
Steve feels a grin break over his face, and he stands up, dragging Tony into a tight hug, spinning him around. Tony just laughs, heady and gleeful, and best of all,
Tony smiled over at him while they buckled into their seats before lift-off.  He very apologetically spent the majority of the flight alternating between his laptop and calls for work.  Steve used the time to sketch, he drew Tony, a phone against his ear, leaning against one of the plane’s circular windows.  The flight was short, and Steve marveled at how quiet the cabin was.  Even the most luxurious planes back in the forties would have seemed like buckets of bolts compared to Tony’s sleek, efficient jet.
“Mister Stark would just find someone else to pilot the suit.” Iron Man says quietly. “I was...sick for a while. There were other pilots lined up for the job. There's only one you though, I can't think of anyone else throwing the shield like you.” Even though he's speaking in past tense, Steve feels a wave of terror slice through him as surely as any knife. Tony had been sick, or maybe even dying as his words imply. Steve imagines an absent spot at his side, waking in a world without Tony Stark in it, and even worse, Tony silently suffering alone, bound to secrecy by the identity he keeps so closely.
There's the muffled sound of a movie playing in the sitting room closest to Tony's when he gets back from a day that just seems like endless meetings and glad handing. Tony's exhausted. He knows the smart thing to do would be to bypass everyone and pass out in his giant luxurious bed, but then Steve's laughter carries over to where he's leaning against the wall, and all thoughts of doing the smart thing go out the window.
“Honey, I'm
“You should keep them.”  He managed, barreling on before he could lose steam.  He felt like he was on some precipice, the edge of some thrilling and terrible danger.  “They looked good with your suit, and uh, the colors.  They just, they looked really good on you.”  He finished lamely.
Thank you once again to BLOSSOMSINTHEMIST for being amazing and continuing to read and cheer me on, and for being a font of great ideas.  ILY
“Tony, what?” He gets out, and ah, there's the flush. Steve visibly turns red just about to his toes. Tony smiles, patting his shoulder companionably, studiously avoiding the elephant in the room that is Steve's very large and very noticeable erection pressed against his hip.
“I'm alright, need to find my shield.” Steve reminds him, without it he's starting to feel a little exposed.  Iron Man nods, climbing to his feet and helping Steve up. Steve appreciates the gesture despite being capable of getting to his feet on his own. Iron Man is obviously worrying up a storm inside the armor.
When it's all said and done a strange multi-engined plane lands in the middle of the street. The bay doors open, and a woman in a black skintight suit peers out at them.
“Aw but that's the best kind of candy.” Clint grumbles, earning what sounds like a playful elbow to the ribs.
“What are you trying to say Rogers, are you besmirching my reputation?” Tony says with a grin, prodding at Steve's chest with one finger.  Steve snorts, letting Tony down onto the pillows and then stretching out beside him, propping himself up on one elbow to watch Tony shift around on their makeshift bed.
“Will do Cap, and thanks. The food was really good, amazing even, two thumbs way up.” It's obvious Steve doesn't get the reference, but he understands the gist of it nonetheless, ducking his head and smiling at Tony in a way that should make tony think 'aw shucks' but because it's Steve, he just kind of wants his head between his thighs. Tony would very much like to hit his overactive imagination and libido with a brick.
“I just want you to know I am so, so on-board with that.” He calls back, practically skipping up to his room to make himself presentable for the world at large.
The click of a cap, and then everything fizzles out into hot syrupy pleasure. Tony shifts around and with a careful but deft motion slowly begins working the toy into him. It's so much smaller than Tony's cock, and Tony has all but drenched it in slippery lube, but Steve loves the feeling of something inside him, the way his body has to stretch around it, and Tony knows it. He hasn't exactly been subtle about it, especially when Tony fucks him. He had been a bit self-conscious about it at first, but Tony always makes him feel so good, praising him and making everything feel so incredible that he can't help but ask for it time and again. This is no different. Tony's free-hand is rubbing small circles on his hip. It's such a small gesture-and Steve doesn't need the soothing, the toy slides in easily, so easily-but it's so sweet, such an affectionate gesture combined with the toy nudging up against his prostate and the dizzying feeling of Tony taking him so far down his throat that Steve distantly worries about his breathing. It's so much pleasure, so much, but Tony has him, he doesn't have to be in control, or contain himself. He lets that roll through him, lets himself moan and gasp, and make whatever sounds he wants, lets himself sink that hazy space he knows so well now.
“Oh, we're playing this game are we?” Steve growls out against Tony's ear just to watch him shiver.
“That's, that's playing dirty Steve, using my kinks against me so quickly.” Tony pants out, resting his forehead against Steve's, his hips rocking and swiveling into every touch of Steve's hand.  It's only a handjob, but it's
“Mister Stark really designed all this?” He asks, unashamed that he sounds more than a little awestruck.
“Did you see this?”  Steve said, surprised by the sound of his own voice, the roughness of it.
“Why are you all so hot and sad?” Tony asks before he can stop himself.  That startles a laugh out of the woman holding his hand though so maybe it's not the end of the world.
“Well.” He says lightly. “I think we knocked that one out of the park, don't you winghead?”
“Mister Stark designs pretty much all Avengers tech, including little old moi.” Iron Man sounds amused, but also a little proud.
of him, Steve Rogers, and more than one museum.  It was surreal to think on, the way the world saw him; more myth than man.  He wondered what all those storytellers would say now if they could see him, alone in his bed clutching a plush water bottle close, with the drop leaving him a shaking mess.  Icons couldn’t bleed, they couldn’t be human, he knew that, but it still hurt in a way.
“My hero, providing my caffeinated lifesblood.” He looked up at Steve, bit his bottom lip, “Hey Steve-”  Tony’s phone rang in his pocket, and he sighed.  “Raincheck, duty calls, I’ll see you tonight.”  He was already backing towards the door, cup of yogurt clutched in one hand, reaching up to tap the little blue light in his ear.  “Yes Bambi, I’ll be there soon, don’t take any lip from the shareholders.”  He mouthed a
“God, you're so beautiful sweetheart.” Steve says, voice low with arousal and reverence. Tony's not one to blush, but Steve talking about him like that? His ears are red, but he gets up onto his elbows, looks back at Steve-Steve who is also on his stomach, right up between Tony's parted thighs. His lips are red and wet, blue eyes blown in the half darkness of the room. As he watches, Steve leans in, slips his hands up to spread Tony open. The breath freezes in his chest as he watches Steve's tongue dip out, and then he's licking at him, testing, and oh Steve has never done this to him before.
“There's no angle Tony, Jesus, I'm just worried-and I care about you. Thought I made that clear.” Steve says, he sounds angry, but he takes a deep breath, blows it out. Tony takes another sip of his drink to keep from saying something maudlin and needy. “If our positions were swapped I think you would...you would help me too.” Steve says, letting out a blustering sigh that Tony can't put a name to. “You had a really rough night and working all night might make it even worse.” Steve finally says after raking his hands through his hair and tousling it up into a fluffy mass of gold.
“He's fine guys, just a hiccup I think.” Rhodey murmurs, slinging an arm around his shoulder. Tony takes a deep steadying breath when Pepper takes his hand.
“It is
“God now I know how Pep felt with the reactor and the chair thing.” He mutters almost too quietly to hear. Steve knocks on the helmet with his good hand to get his attention.
“No it's not
to Steve. A lie by omission, but it's still no less a falsehood than if he tried to convince him the sky is red instead of blue. He's come so close to telling Steve the truth so many times already, but he's terrified, and he's always been a selfish thing when he loves. He doesn't want to lose Steve, and there is no doubt in his mind that Steve would be less than thrilled if he found out his pal Iron Man was also Tony Stark. No one wants Iron Man to be Tony Stark, no matter what Natasha seems to think.
“Oh-oh, sweetheart, oh, Tony,” He feels like he's floating, and part of him wants to sink his fingers into Tony's hair-it's so dark, damp and glossy, brushing against the insides of Steve's thighs-but Tony told him not to touch, and he wants to be good for him, he wants to be so good for him. Tony hums around him then, and there's just a slight increase in pressure against the toy, and that's it. Steve sucks in a breath, and then he's coming, the world going bright and light and dizzying. Tony just sucks him through it, swallows around him. He knows he fuzzes out a little bit but he can't bring himself to care. Everything feels wonderful, and Tony likes it, Tony will take care of him.
Tony laughed delightedly, he leaned over to pilfer a cracker, chewing on it while smiling over at Steve.  “I’ll tell him you said so.  It was a joint project though, I always like soup and tea when I’m having a bad day.”  He snapped his mouth shut, collecting cracker crumbs off his pants delicately.  "You've had a much worse day than any of mine though, I just thought, that it might help." He shrugged. His cheeks were a little pink.  Steve had the sudden crazy desire to press his lips to those rosy spots of color.
“So,”  Tony said, perching on the table nearby, “we meet again.”
“Should have built her a suit of armor, kept the witch away.” Tony half slurs against his very Steve shaped pillow. The warm solid muscle beneath his cheek shakes with laughter.
Tony blinks, staring down at the plate for a moment as if it's the most mysterious thing he's ever seen, before taking it and the utensils Steve passes over slowly. His eyes snap from Steve's hands to his own, but then he sighs, licking his lips and digging in with gusto. He doesn't sit, choosing instead to just lean up against the counter. So close to Steve, it would be so easy to reel him in, set the plate aside and kiss him good morning the way he wants to. The way he would if he thought maybe it might be welcomed.
Doom.” Steve growls, stepping between Tony and Doom, blocking the red and gold armor from view.
He felt for them though, as much as he didn’t want more omegas to be lost.  Steve knew what it was like, that desperate desire to fight and protect, only to be turned away because of how you were born, what it said on your medical records.  There would still be losses though, omegas that would slip through the cracks, or insist they be sent out, and if the war got desperate enough, they would be, and another generation might be lost.
"Mister Stark-" Starts Steve, only to be cut off by Tony's decisive head shake.
“Okay, go save the world, I'll just be here, be careful, come back in one piece.”  Tony says, enough command in his voice to make Rhodes proud.  Steve doubts very much that Tony will be sitting right here, but he still drops a kiss on Tony's cheek before going to get his gear on and boarding the quinjet. His pants are exceptionally difficult to wiggle into today. Steve is going to absolutely obliterate whatever villain is behind this alert.
“So, basic training?”  Steve didn’t know what the big metal thing had to do with basic training, but he wasn’t a scientist after all, and Dr. Erskine certainly was.  It was what he had been wanting for so long, a chance to prove himself, to even get to go through basic training, that first step in the door.  He knew of course that it wouldn’t be easy, that people much fitter and healthier than himself sometimes dropped out or were dismissed despite their best efforts.  He had to try though, give his all, what he wanted was a chance, and now it sounded like he had one.  “I’m ready now, anytime, you can count on me.”
“Tony, Tony, great to see you here, just the guy I was looking for.” Hammer sounds like Tony is crashing his own party instead of the one doing the crashing. There is not enough whiskey in the world for this, but standing behind the armor will only encourage him. The moron.
“Well hi, hi there, aren't you just a beautiful girl.” Tony murmurs, carefully reaching out so she can sniff his hand-an action that is deemed acceptable, if the cat butting her head against his hand is anything to go by. Tony pets between the pointed triangles of her ears and smiles.
“Why, you want to gaze into my eyes?” Tony flutters his lashes for effect. Steve shrugs, reaching over to take Tony's free hand in his.
“I did. I also said watching you work made me want to bend you over.” Steve says slowly, running his hands up Tony's stomach, feeling the taut muscles there flutter beneath his touch when Tony sucks in a harsh breath in reaction to his words.
"Yeah.” His voice sounds harsh even to his own ears, but Jan just looks happy for him. “Yeah they're from Steve.” Then he's laughing, burying his face in the blooms; Forget Me Nots, pink Camellias, Chamomile and Iris. God, he's so fucked he can't even bring himself to be upset about it.
Later after the serum it's almost overwhelming. His hearing is so sharp that he no longer has to press his ear close to hear. Peggy's heart is strong and sure, steady as a rock even as she's buffeted on all sides. The soldiers don't believe in her at first, but she makes them see.
It was like nothing he had ever experienced.  His body went cold first, then hot, his senses expanded and retracted, he felt both hyper aware and slow as molasses, and his body burned as if someone had stuck cables beneath his skin.  Alarms sounded everywhere, his vision washed white, then red, and his heart tripped out a jagged rhythm, somewhere someone was making a racket.  For long moments he lost track of time, to the way his body shifted and grew.  Steve thought he might have blacked out for a moment, when he opened his eyes, he was being helped out of the Vita Ray machine.  It was strange, after such an ordeal, he expected to feel terrible, but he did not.  He felt good, better than he had ever felt, every ache and pain his body had carried since childhood was gone.  Steve took a deep breath and blew it out easily.  Wow.
“Oh sure, yeah queue it up Jay.” Everyone settles in after that, Tony finally reprising his customary spot atop Steve to watch the rest of the movie. Steve runs his hands over Tony, and snuggles him close. Maybe this is all they will ever get to do, but he really can't complain too much; no matter what his libido would like to argue. Having Tony's affection and trust is worth all the sexual frustration in the world.
“You...ooh, you like that?” Tony gasps out, wriggling around to snatch the lube up from where Steve dropped it on the covers; popping the cap, and reaching back to drip a generous portion over Steve's fingers.  “C'mon then, open me up, God I've been thinking about this so long, want you so much-” Tony's words trail off into a moan when Steve mouths at his throat and works two slippery fingers into the hot clasp of his body. He's all slick inside, and doesn't that present an enticing picture. Tony in the bathroom working himself open. Was he bent over the sink? Maybe on his knees on the floor, those dexterous fingers Steve loves so much buried within himself.
Jay. It's fine.” He mutters, reaching for the envelope. JARVIS' silence is telling as to what he thinks of Tony's decision. He very pointedly ignores that. Steve probably doesn't even know he's gone. It's three in the morning, prime time for sleeping supersoldiers. Even if some part of him does feel awful leaving him in the dark like this.
“I believe-” Thor starts slowly, casting his gaze around the clearing. “this was a test, but it seems to be particularly interested in
“Oh,” He says dumbly, arousal pooling hot in his gut with just the suggestion of what Tony is doing.
“Not really.”  Tony said glumly.
The thought of Tony throwing himself around the field with no consideration for his own safety was suddenly more urgent and terrifying. His heart, Steve had to keep him safe, he had to- Steve cut his own thoughts off before he could go any further with that. Tony was his own man, strong, Invincible Iron Man the press called him, his partner on the field, his heart being artificial, all of that, it only made him stronger, more of a hero. He thought of how he would’ve felt, if someone would have told him he couldn’t fight, that he was too sick. Well, he already knew how that went. Most fellas would have called it quits after losing their ticker, but Tony fought on, and Steve would honor it, the way he wanted people to honor it when he’d been a skinny asthmatic with a heart condition of his own who’d joined the army. God what a guy, Steve stared down at the article feeling even more stupidly smitten than he ever thought possible.
“We were out here because we were looking for you.” That gives him pause. Steve's head snaps up. The bed creaks with the weight of the armor. It must be reinforced-he thinks somewhat distantly.
make a lot of sense after all.  That thought rapidly fled his mind as he noticed something was very wrong.  The private lining up to shoot at Cadet Waters had loaded a live clip into his magazine.  Steve thought he might have been mistaken, but the gold gleam of real bullets was no illusion.
“Deep waters, sweetheart, deep waters. Hands on the desk behind you.” He says, waiting until Tony complies to sink down onto his knees. Tony yelps in surprise, leaning back on his hands as Steve hoists his thighs up and licks a path from his hole, to his balls, and then up along his cock until he's sealing his lips over the tip.
“I notice things, you seem pretty keen on cappuccino.”  Steve shrugged, picking up the empty cup when Tony set it down.  His breakfast was getting cold, but he didn’t care, not with how warmly Tony was smiling at him.
“I've got something for you, speaking of presents.” Steve looks nervous suddenly, the uncharacteristic expression creasing the spot between his eyebrows into a little dent. Tony wants to kiss it. “Here, let's get off the sidewalk.” Steve walks them over to a well kept square, bringing Tony to sit with him on a bench.
His soulmate's blue, blue eyes are wide and wild with grief, and Steve feels his desperation and sorrow as if it were his own as he mourns there, shivering on cold sand. He wants to tell him, show him that he's not dead, but even Steve does not know. He has seen the stars yawning wide in the tesseract, has seen himself as if from above. He feels ineffectual, unable to hold and protect the one that sings to his soul. It builds and builds within him until the water drags him back, fighting and raging into the dark.
“Don't. Don't say that.” He whispers, stopping in his tracks abruptly. “You can't-” Tony shakes his head, fists balling up tightly. He bites his lip, looking away; eyes glassy and lashes wet. Steve feels the bottom drop out of his stomach, and not in a pleasant way.
“Oh hey wha-” Tony flails, but Steve is there before any elbows can hit groins. He catches Tony in something that might be reminiscent of a bridal carry, and Tony starts laughing, looping an arm around Steve's neck and snuggling close.
“Son you’re only seventeen, that’s a year too young for me or any other recruiter.  Wait a year, and come back, that’s all I can tell you.”  She didn’t look all that happy about bursting his bubble, and he had a feeling there was a whole lot more she wanted to say, but she merely pushed back her seat, clasped Steve’s arm and then ushered him on his way.  Steve went without protest, too unhappy with the whole affair to even put up a fight.  Maybe he’d lie to the next recruiter.  He didn’t like the idea of lying at all but, what kind of alpha would he have been if he didn’t even try?
“No, it's not just a sex thing.” Tony admits when the silence drags, chewing on the inside of his cheek to keep from just absolutely losing it.  “How did this happen?” He whispers, and Rhodey-the bastard-snorts.
Steve stares at it for a moment breathing heavily and shaking out his hands. There is a whirring sound; what remains of the chain in the roof moves towards the back of the room, and the ceiling shifts with it, bringing a new punching bag over to where he stands along a roof mounted conveyor belt. A trapdoor opens in the floor, taking the broken punching bag away as well. Steve sighs. He wonders when Tony installed that, there's no question in his mind that it
“Shh, honey. I have to sit up for this,” Tony's hand slips from behind his head to cup his cheek. With his other hand he unties the belt of his robe, letting it slip fully open, baring his body to Steve's eyes. Tony is so hard, his cock is flushed so dark, leaving a sticky pool on Steve's abdomen; he wants to put his mouth on him, taste him, listen to him moan and praise him. He wants that so much, but Tony just shushes him again, and pushes him back more solidly into the pillows, grabbing few more and tucking them behind Steve's back. The ends of the robe brush against Steve's thighs when he sits back and holds the tie of his robe up for Steve to see. “Last time I tied you, you liked that, didn't you?” Tony asks, and Steve feels himself go red all the way down his chest. Yes, he had liked that so much, Tony tying his arms above his head and taking him apart so sweetly.
“JARVIS. Do you think he really knows what he's getting into? You know, the whole-” Tony flaps his hand. “dating Tony Stark thing?”
“Please. Please yes, touch me, touch me all over, anywhere you want, I need it, want you” His voice cracks with desperation but he doesn't let that stop him “-want it so bad.” Tony feels like maybe he should feel more concerned about how quickly he's losing it, but it doesn't matter, not with Steve looking at him like
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Steve feels himself go hot all over. “Something old, something new, something borrowed-” Steve says against Tony's ear.
“That’s just the GPS, they all talk now.”  Tony said, leaning forward to swipe his fingers over a glass panel set into the dash.  It zoomed in a blinking yellow dot, which must have represented where they were.
“Okay yes. I'm fucking pissed now”
“Yessir, and how drastic are we talking, because from where I'm standing that kiss was...it was pretty drastic.” Steve is at a loss, but the knowledge that Tony might love him brings new resolve. Steve has never been a quitter, and he's not about to take up the habit.
Steve doesn't look entirely convinced, but his expression softens when he looks down at Tony. “Wasn't gonna do anything rash-” That's always debatable with Steve, but Tony holds his peace. “You know you can tell me what's on your mind though, whatever it is that brought this on.”
That thought set him in motion. He took a shower, realizing half way through shampooing his hair that he was absolutely ravenous. He ignored that though, making a beeline for Tony’s lab. If he was in the mansion, it was always a good first place to look.
When he gets to the location Spiderman is already there. He greets them with a little fanboy dance of joy that Tony is both amused by and ignores for the kid's own dignity. Peter is a fully fledged Avenger now, but he still seems to think it's some kind of collective prank they're all playing on him. Tony pats his head carefully with one armored hand, snickering under his breath when he ends up with a spider kid crawling all over the suit cooing about the new upgrades. Anyone who loves his tech this much can definitely stick around-that the kid is smart and super strong doesn't hurt either. Even if the thought of someone so young throwing themselves into danger makes Tony a little queasy. Parker is going to do it anyway, he may as well have the Avengers at his back.
“Yes, he does, and if there's one thing Tony is absolutely mind numbingly terrified of it's love. He still thinks I stick around for his money and tech and we've been friends since college.” Rhodes says, throwing up his arms with an air of long suffering. “Look. You want him to understand you want him-and I wouldn't be telling you this if I thought you had bad intentions by the way. You be good to my brother or I'll find you and it won't be pretty. You're going to have to do something drastic.”
Cards in his hands, fan mail, childish drawings made with crayons, markers, and sometimes glitter pens. He keeps them all, answers them on official Stark Industries stationary. These children that grew up not knowing him for who he used to be
“Don't. You're...you're Captain America, the world spins on without me, but it needs you Winghead. Needs you more than me.” Steve is struck again with the powerful desire to find the people who made Tony feel so low about himself and seeing about introducing them to his fists. He knows it's a hollow sentiment, and too late at that, but it's still a satisfying fantasy.
. Fuck.
“In your desperate nervousness you have missed me! Come, face your certain death at the hands of my disintegrator gun!” Zemo taunted, haughty and triumphant as ever. A gun that disintegrated whatever it shot at was not the easiest thing to fight with the shield, but Steve had improvised under worse conditions. “Have you finally gone mad then, hmm, has your grief made you lose yourself, Captain?”
That changes nothing though. His mouth still tastes like blood and sand.
“Thanks for the tea, I appreciate it, I’ll just uh,”  Steve didn’t need to say anymore, Jarvis nodded, backing towards the door.
That thread finally appeared late into the evening when he typed in the coordinates for an island he and Bucky petitioned to be sent to, but never were. Mamula, as the locals called it, Lastavica as it was named in the top secret dossiers. It was an old fort, which Mussolini and his cronies converted into a concentration camp. Steve ground his teeth together just thinking about it. He, Bucky, and the Invaders would have stormed it in a heartbeat, but the orders never came, and then of course, Steve had been lost to time.
He could also smell himself, and smell himself strongly.  Steve flushed, maybe that was why Tony bolted in such a hurry.  He didn’t smell
Other medications, Steve paused half way through stuffing an entire pizza slice into his mouth. He swallowed with some effort. “Are you alright, are you sick?” He asked, feeling that telltale urge to protect surfacing with a vengeance.
“I'll have you know I can be very convincing. I am the King of Convincing, the Imperator of Impressive.” Tony informs him with mock haughtiness.  Steve just raises his eyebrows.
Steve dragged his mind away from that possibility, but just the passing thought of that, made him cry out loud enough he worried about being heard down the hall-and came all over himself.
“Don't. Need space. Uh.
Their besotted staring contest is broken up by the robot beeping curiously and leaning down into Steve's space. The pincer at the top almost looks like a little face. Steve smiles, ducking his head a little in greeting. Tony groans, pointing at the robot. “Yes ok, I'll introduce you, you're such a fanboy I swear. Don't know where he gets it. Dummy, this is Captain Steve Rogers, AKA Captain America, aka Steve.” He draws the last one out.  “Oh, do you want a handshake, yes, I'm sure he wants a handshake.” Tony sighs out, fondly exasperated.  Steve grins, pulling one hand away from the flowers, and reaching out to take the Dummy's pincer in his hand. The bot whirs and clicks in a way Steve can only describe as overjoyed, bobbing his hand up and down in the most enthusiastic handshake Steve can remember.
Steve doesn't have time to ponder on the strangeness of that statement before JARVIS is speaking again; voice crisp and concise as it always is-even when he's wearing Iron Man's voice and piloting the armor no doubt.
“Yeah? Do I qualify as good inspiration Steve?”
“Just, don't watch okay. I'm going to try to do this as quickly as possible. JARVIS, throw up those scans please.” Iron Man is making a concerted effort to sound sure of himself, Steve wishes he had more faith in the trust Steve has for him, but the man is almost as stubborn as he is.  Steve closes his eyes, steeling himself for what is to come. Iron Man is shifting around beside him, cutting the sleeve of his uniform off with warm precise laser-light. He feels terrible about ruining the suit, but something tells him Tony has other concerns on his mind right now. The air smells cold, damp and green, when he takes a deep breath in it tastes of pinesap and resin. Above them in the trees the birds are utterly silent. Steve has a moment to register the oddity of that, and then strong gauntleted hands are pulling on his arm, aligning the bone with quick efficient motions. He doesn't know the sound he makes but it clearly distresses Iron Man deeply. He apologizes profusely, quickly moving to lock the splint in place. Steve groans, knocking his head back against the tree and gritting his teeth.
“What do you think he wants then? Does he just want to hurt you now-cause trouble for you?” Steve knows there are many forms of hurt, and despite Tony assuring them earlier that the Hulk has no cause to scramble one Tiberius Stone's brains into pudding, the look in Tony's eyes tells him Stone's antics were anything but painless.
“This one's for you.” Says Tony, sidling into Steve's space to hold out a tinsel bedecked tree.  “This too, had one made for you.” A sweater like the one Tony had been wearing a few days ago joins his armful of holiday swag. It's soft, green with tiny red versions of his shield all over it. Tony watches him cautiously, as if he's afraid Steve will refuse him.
“Mmm, that's lovely honey, Steve, look at you, all gorgeous and all for me.”  Tony purrs, leaning in to press their lips together, just teasing him with the suggestion of a kiss.  “Aren't I lucky.” Tony's gaze flicks down his chest, roving slowly upwards until their eyes meet. Steve privately thinks he is the lucky one, but he doesn't get to voice that sentiment, as Tony chooses that moment to slant their mouths together.  He presses close, the warm skin of his chest pressing against Steve's where the robe opens wide enough to almost slip from his strong shoulders. He goes easily when Tony turns them, kissing him slowly and inexorably towards the bed. They only separate when Steve's knees hit the mattress, and Tony pushes him back onto the bed, laughing at the slight bounce when Steve all but throws himself onto it in his enthusiasm.
So fair warning there is some heavy angst in this part, as it deals with Tony's disappearance and presumed death in Seasons 3 and 4.  Steve does NOT handle it well, so if unhealthy coping mechanisms and angst are upsetting to you DO NOT READ THIS CHAPTER.  Part 2 contains our much needed reunion, but first SUFFERING because I'm awful.  Thank you all for your immeasurable patience while I get my shit together!  As always, your comments and kudos are much appreciated and cherished like gifts!
“Sorry. Didn't mean to fall asleep on you like that.” He feels momentarily abashed about passing out during movie night, but Steve shakes his head, scooting around to lay on his back without dislodging Tony. It's a pretty impressive move all in all.
“Tony, hey man, you with us again?” That's another new voice, warm, full of worry and the slightest hints of exasperation. Tony feels the inexplicable urge to show this man he's doing just fine, even if he's really
“Steve.” Tony breathes out, and Steve nearly groans when he feels a tiny shiver work through Tony's body. His other hand falls to his side while he stands up to lean over Tony on the couch.  “
“Love. He...” Steve takes a deep breath, eyes raising to meet Rhodes' knowing gaze. “he loves me.”
After that, Steve began attending the gym whenever he could squeeze in the time.  Between school, and work, and his bouts of illness it wasn’t much, but the next time he got into a scrap, he left the other guy looking worse off than himself.  Lorenzo still tutted over him the next time he’d seen him, and insisted Steve come over for dinner after he taught him how to block.  An invitation Steve had very nearly declined, but finally agreed to when Lorenzo admitted that he and Mia missed having a young alpha in the house to feed.  Back at their apartment Mia hugged him after an effusive greeting, and the feeling of her warm arms around him, the way she ushered him into a chair and ruffled his hair, it had reminded him of Sarah.  She and Lorenzo had bickered good naturedly while cooking together, not allowing him to assist in any sort of way, and Steve had gone home that evening full of food and warmth for the first time since Sarah had passed away.
“Oh yeah? You know any fancy skating tricks?” Steve asks, throwing an arm over Tony's shoulder to steer him towards the building entrance.
“What ya got cooking in that brain of yours?” He asks, smiling encouragingly when tony turns onto his back to look up at him.
“Oh, I”  Tony's eyes are a bit wide, the blue of them almost shocking in the semi-darkness of the room.  “You-you're sure? That's all you want?” He sounds almost confused, as if he expected Steve to just ignore that he was falling down tired just moments ago.
He's always been too stubborn to back down, and he doesn't plan on starting today.  "I could use some of that old Irish luck 'ma, if you can hear me."  He says to himself once he's retrieved the shield and is safely ensconced in his bathroom.  "Or your charm Buck, maybe a little bit of both if you're feeling generous."  Somewhere he can picture one James Buchanan Barnes having a good hearty laugh at his expense.  Steve smiles despite himself.  What does Iron Man like to say sometimes?  Go big or go home.
“Jay, say hello.” To Steve's shock the piece of glass starts talking. Steve nearly drops it, but with his reflexes it looks more like his hand just twitched.
“Cap, catch!” Iron man manages to toss him the shield with what looks like a supreme effort of will, before sparklers and missiles fire at the thing on top of him. Mouths open up all along it's abdomen, alien and horrifying in the glittering brightness of rocket light.
Steve huffs, taking the lube as it's passed back to him, waiting until Tony has settled against the desk again to give one round cheek a good open handed slap just the way he knows Tony enjoys. Tony cries out, his cock jumping when Steve kisses over reddening skin. “Let me do some appreciating, would ya?” Says Steve, dragging his teeth over firm muscle. Tony just whines again, seemingly holding his breath the closer Steve kisses inwards to were he's holding himself open. The first touch of his tongue over where he's wet with lube and slightly open from the plug and he's making a soft choking gasp. Steve kisses him there, just teasing him with pressure and the barest flicking of his tongue. He's red to the tips of his ears, but the sounds Tony makes when he traces around his hole with a slicked finger and the point of his tongue are worth it. Tony is fantastic at this, but Steve likes to think he's a quick study, and judging by the way Tony is pushing back against his face he's doing alright.
“Mister Stark will return at Eleven in the morning sharp in five days' time.” Steve nods, getting to his feet and rolling through a few quick stretches. Five days is enough time to plan his first move. He might never have been good at talking to people he was sweet on, but you can't fail if you never try, and Tony, well he's worth trying for.
“I wouldn't.” Tony says, when they finish the song; the very last notes still resonating in the room and in Steve's ears. Steve looks up from their joined hands into Tony's eyes; so expressive in the semi-darkness of the room, but Steve can see him clear as day.  “I wouldn't leave you behind. Couldn't.” Tony's hands turn beneath his on the piano, and Steve takes them in his, winding their fingers together.
“God.” He pants out. “Goddamn.” He takes a moment to groan at the sight of Tony's smile, and then he's kissing down his chest, dragging his teeth over toned musculature-pausing to kiss around the arc, before moving further down to lick his own mess off Tony's skin. It makes his ears burn hotly, but it hardly matters with Tony whining and urging him on with filthy praise. In fact it doesn't matter at all when Tony spreads his thighs wide and lets Steve settle his shoulders beneath Tony's knees so he can get Tony's dick in his mouth to lick and suck him into a gasping climax; the clutch of his body around the fingers he works into Tony is almost as tight as the grip on his hair.
“Strap in honeybunch, we're going for a ride.” Tony purrs, and then he's moving, letting go of his own cock to brace his hands against Steve's chest. A sleek slide up that makes the breath freeze in Steve's lungs, before he drops himself back down. He starts out slow, the first few motions of his body almost cautious, but he soon speeds up.  He's rocking, twisting his hips, working Steve's cock inside him as if he owns it. Sweat gathers at Tony's hairline, a sign of how much work he's putting into this, and Steve wants to praise him, wants to babble nonsense out, but he can barely think, barely breathe for how good it feels when Tony rocks atop him, clenching tight around his cock as if to keep him there even as he raises up and nearly off his dick. His gorgeous, pretty cock slaps against Steve's stomach on the downstroke, but he seems completely unconcerned about it, uninterested; wide, dilated eyes fixed on Steve's face as if watching him come undone is the best thing in the world.
?” Rhodey's glaring again, Tony contemplates just hanging up. Rhodey has been with him through thick and thin. He's seen Tony at his worst, at his lowest-and Tony has seen
“M’hot.”  He grumbled, kicking the blankets off.  Tony stared down at him for a moment, his fingers twitched, he looked a little pink in the face.
Oh, he's in
“I do. You can't make me your only anchor in this world Steve, okay, you just can't. I'm not worth that, and it's not healthy.”  Tony sounds as certain as he ever does when dismissing the value he has to Steve, has to everyone.  Steve frowns, squeezing lightly at the back of Tony's neck.
not because he's Iron man-he's not in the armor now-but as plain old Tony Stark.
Still he scooted a little closer while Torch flamed bright and roasted a few sausage links for the Invaders to eat.  They were far behind enemy lines, dug out in the snow.  The cold did not affect him as it once had, but even so, Steve still felt it creeping in, remembered his drafty apartment in the lower east side.  His teeth chattered, and Jim flared a little brighter, baked off more heat.  Jim never said anything about it, but Steve got the idea he saw a lot more than he let on.  Steve appreciated the discretion, and the sun baked scent of ozone he always left behind.
the thought of a blindfold is so terrifying, but it is, it definitely is. Wood slats at the bottom of a barrel, sloshing water, hands on the back of his neck. He's on his knees in the hallway, eyes clamped shut, drowning on dry land.
“JARVIS, play footage.”
breakfast in bed.” He says seriously.
Seventy years. He's been in the ice for seventy years. The sheer weight of it feels heavier than the water slamming into his chest. It feels as if it happened yesterday, but It was
Steve sat up, putting his face in his hands. The first omega to ever touch him, and Steve passed out on him. He couldn’t imagine what it was like for Tony either, touching him. There was a degree of emotional transference, energy transference when an omega touched another person skin to skin. He hoped Tony was feeling alright, that he wasn’t holed up in his lab feeling horrible.
. He thinks, as the feeling of pure affection hits him like a sack of bricks.
“You know, I have to say, I am incredibly jealous of your ability to eat like that and still have the body of a Greek god.”  His eyes looked bright, even though he was clearly tired.  “It’s also patently unfair.  I don’t look that cute with a mouth full of bread.”  He sounded almost wistful.  Steve didn’t think it was cute at all, he probably looked like a horse with its head caught in a bag of oats.
“Hi Mister Stark, welcome home.” He greets Tony warmly, walking up behind him.  Tony comes to an abrupt halt, turning towards him. Steve scrubs a towel through his hair, embarrassed at being caught before his shower. His workout had been pretty intense today-never let it be said that Carol Danvers takes it easy during a sparring session. Steve thinks he might actually be sore for more than a few minutes
He wakes briefly when they both leave-whispering about important meetings, and something about an AI named Anthony. Tony rolls over and tries not to miss their warmth in the bed.
“I am, I love you and I want to marry you, have for a while.”
He wonders distantly, slipping a hand up to rest over his heart.
“You are nothing but a cheap Vaudeville trick made flesh, Captain, I will show you the error of thinking you can best your better!” It was a lot of bluster from a villain already on their back foot, but fully expected from Zemo. As was the barrage of flung punches and kicks delivered with all the confidence of a man who only ever roughed up his own minions. He was shooting the disintegrator gun with a gleeful sort of abandon, so assured in his victory he’d clearly decided to draw it out for his own amusement. Steve wasn’t amused, ducking the shots with grim determination, using Zemo’s focus on him to turn their positions, so Zemo’s back was to one of the walls made weak by multiple shots from the gun.
Querido-Beloved, my love
“You can’t even see my chest right now.”  Steve all but sputters, hot, embarrassed, and more than a little charmed despite himself.
“Thanks Clint, your next arrows will be purple.” Tony says, raking a hand through his hair and pulling out his phone to tap away at it. Clint stills by the bar, capping the decanter slowly.
“C'mon Cap, let's go home.” Clint says carefully, after the service is done. In the distance he can see a massive crowd of people beyond roped off police lines.
Hours, and several body scans later, Steve climbed into Tony’s private jet holding something that looked like an artist’s portfolio.  It was lightweight, but padded on the inside, with a set of biolocks on the handle.  There were little compartments all over it, and all sorts of thoughtful additions which would make it suitable for carrying real art supplies, and not just his shield.  It was clearly not something Tony just whipped up, he’d been working on it.
Tony wakes.
He stays with them for a few fleeting days, and then he's gone, a ghost again. This time Steve doesn't chase him, he'll be back, maybe this time for good.
“Tony don’t be a pill.”  Steve said, laughing.  “Natasha and Jan helped, they said it was stylish.”
It was good to pull his uniform back on, to strap the shield to his back.  He had not slept properly in days, but that hardly mattered, he’d run potentially deadly missions before with far less sleep under his belt, he’d manage.
“Oh hi.” Tony says, levering himself up into a sitting position despite the protests of everyone in the room.
He knows vast sums of things in fact.
and not the other way around. Steve shuts his eyes tightly.
Afterwards he flew Steve back to the mansion in a thrilling, spiraling flight that left him breathless and laughing.  “We’ll have to practice that, maybe I can put some special grip compartments on the armor for you.”  Tony said, letting the helmet recede once more.  Steve laughed, feeling lighter than he had all week.
“You can't play carnival games Bird Boy, that's cheating.”  He says, leaning back to point at their resident purple clad archer.
-Christy Ann Martine
“Here I thought your dance card would be too full for an old fashioned fella like me.” Steve says, pulling Tony closer.  Tony laughs, reaching up to lace his hands behind Steve's neck. The music is plenty loud, but not so much that they can't hear each other talk.
“God,”  He panted, Tony was stroking his face, he reached down though, wrapped Steve’s arms around himself, and let Steve get his hands beneath the back of his loose silk pajama shirt.  “You’re, you’re an omega?”  He wrapped his arms more tightly around Tony, startling when his back hit the wall.  He was holding Tony up against himself unaware he’d moved them both, that he’d bodily picked Tony up.  He wanted to feel something about that, but the rush was gone, the drop was gone, all he felt was peace, as if he were floating in a pool with his eyes closed and his ears submerged.  Tony’s chest rumbled against his though, and he opened his eyes, leaning back at last to take in Tony’s expression.  His eyes were wide, shocked, the blue almost eclipsed by the black of his pupils.
back with Jan.
“Even Gandalf, sir?”
Hawkeye is on the dance floor, shoving food in his mouth and talking with Natasha. Tony is surprised the arms on his tux are still intact. As if sensing his gaze, Natasha's head turns. She looks stunning as always, in a floor length green dress that sets off the red in her hair. She's probably armed to the teeth, she always is. He wouldn't be surprised if she slept cradling a bazooka.
“Shut
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, this is okay, you, you like it?” Steve sounds almost shy despite having just fingered and rimmed Tony into near incoherence.
“Wh-” Steve starts, but Tony bulls onward.
“Oh.”  Tony stared down at the cappuccino cup in Steve’s hand.  He liked the idea of it, making something for the fella he was sweet on, giving him something he liked, taking care of him, even if it was in such a small way.  Tony took the cappuccino from his hands.  Steve felt the tips of his ears go red as Tony took a sip of it, looking up at Steve from under his lashes.  “Steve, this is amazing.”  He said after a moment, taking another long sip.  “How do you know how I like my coffee?”
“I get the idea.”  He said, then took one of Tony’s gloved hands in his, and pressed a kiss to his knuckles.  The crowd went wild, but Steve could barely hear them.  Tony was staring at him, his mouth a little open, Steve kissed his hand one more time for good measure, and then turned to wave at the camera, tucking Tony’s arm against his side, curling their fingers together.  Tony’s hand felt warm against his, he squeezed it, and Tony squeezed back.  There were camera flashes everywhere.
Steve's hand turns, knuckles replacing the drag of his thumb to dig against his back with slightly more pressure. Tony groans as his back pops from his C 7 to his L 1 vertebrae. It feels
Clint looks up from where he's been lovingly stroking the shaft of one of his arrows. His eyes narrow over at their target.  “Oh hell no.” Clint growls. “That's my title you little-”
“Of course I did. You're an Avenger, you're my friend, you deserve the best.” Tony stops, chewing on his bottom lip nervously. “Sorry, maybe that's presumptuous but, I think,” His eyes drop to the floor, hands going tight on the hanger. “I think I can call you my friend now?”
“Why didn't you tell us you liked being touched so much?” Natasha muses, curling a dark lock of his hair around one teal painted fingernail. She seems to realize what she's said. Her body stiffens, eyes dropping to scan his face as if she's worried something terrible is about to happen.
“JARVIS, he told me you were looking at them and it seemed like a very you thing. I also made a...small donation to this charity that provides service dogs for veterans. Small donation, no sweating about it.” Tony says, hands raised in preemptive placation. Steve wants to kiss him again. The sunglasses are long gone, he's somehow acquired Rhodes' reindeer antler hat, and he's the most amazing, confusing, wonderful
“No. I can't keep anything down right now. Have shakes, I'll be good.”
“Oh, is this-” Tony touches over the links of a fine silver chain, clearly not standard military issue. “Is this real...is this really your-” The chain pools in the red silk of the bag with one singular dog tag hanging from it.
Three weeks and just as many missions as a team later it's not the cake walk of their first few battles together. Victor Von Doom is a menace, a menace who insists on being called Doctor Doom. Steve wants to punch him in the face just on principle for coming up with that name. Punching him in the face is rapidly downgraded on the list of acceptable punishments when Doom calls a brass band's worth of giant robots to himself and perches atop one like the world's ugliest Jiminy Cricket.
It was infuriating to think of, all the good men and women Steve knew during the war, all of them were gone. Taken away by the hands of time while he’d been sleeping in the ice, but here was Zemo, alive and well, and playing mini Mussolini here on this island that still felt heavy with what Zemo’s masters had once wrought. It was unfair, wrong, and Steve intended to remedy it.
“Yep.” Tony says, popping the 'p' at the end. Steve's eyes take on a slightly glazed look.
Come morning Steve goes for his customary jog. Even though sleep was short the previous night he feels fairly well rested. A side effect of the serum dutifully running through his veins. Still he's up slightly later than usual, and after showering he makes it down to the main kitchen just in time to see Thor take the last apple fritter. He knows it's Tony's favorite, but Thor and his food are parted just about as easily as a bear and a ham-hock.
There were reporters gathered around, firing questions off, while the team moved towards the waiting cars.  Iron Man slid smoothly in front of Steve, answering questions and holding court while Wasp went from Tinkerbelle sized to human.  Where Iron Man held court, she dazzled.  Both of them seemed entirely adept at handling the press.  Their cameras were different than they had been in Steve’s time, but they were definitely reporters.
“I-is it, Is it good?” Steve just barely manages to get the words out. Tony feels amazing, so hot inside, clutching at his cock, all sleek heat and God he feels perfect. That doesn't matter though, not if Tony doesn't like it, he'll do something; pull out and suck him off, or use his fingers, his girlfriends' had always liked his fingers at least, that he can do. Tony interrupts his train of thought though, tossing his head back and grinding against Steve's cock with a decadent moan. His hand travels up, wraps around his own cock and gives it a stroke. Precome makes a shining trail over the clenched lines of Tony's abdominals as he strokes himself slow and languid; the way he does when it's more for Steve's benefit than is own.
“Tones, what's wrong, when's the last time you got some sleep?” He starts in without even pausing for breath. Tony feels something tight unclench in his chest. He knows it's alright to call Rhodey when he really needs it, but some part of him always expects to be slapped down even after all these years.
“Uh, Steve, I think. I think we're here.” Tony says more than a little breathlessly.  Steve sits up, looking out the window to the the cheerful signage of Tony's favorite coffee shop.
“Hawkeye,”  Iron Man said, with an equally deep air of long suffering.
with that fella. His Ma had known he liked Cary Grant a little too much, he wonders if she'd be happy for him now, he thinks she would have liked Tony.
“Gimme a second.” Tony pants. “Just a second I need-need to calm down or I'm gonna come.” Tony squeezes his eyes shut, blowing out a gusty breath. Steve settles atop him, cock a hard heavy line resting snug up against the cleft of his ass. “God
“He’s kidding, come sit.”  Natasha demanded.
“Uh,”  Steve began intelligently.  He wasn’t usually this tongue tied, he’d chatted up plenty of dames and fellas, not exactly
“Not really. Just kind of pressure, and an awareness that it's there.” It's a monumental understatement. Some nights he can't get comfortable. Some nights his chest burns with phantom pain so intense every breath rattles in his chest as if it could be his last. Some nights he can still feel Yinsen's hand in his chest, on worse nights it's Obie-Stane's. Steve doesn't need that knowledge though. Tony thinks Steve might know he's being bullshitted, but he doesn't call him on the lie; just kissing over his knuckles again, blue eyes boring into his brown across the table.
“Sometimes when you're in your workshop, or at the data crux it's all I can do not to bend you over your desk right then. Or to ask you to bend
“I’m just tired!”  Steve called through the door.  Somewhere the universe was laughing at him, he was sure of it.
Once Tony is off on a business trip when it happens, and Steve rolls over in their bed, clutches the pillows to smell Tony's scent on them. It's not enough to wash away the images just behind his lids. The crash of the sound barrier breaking rattles the tower minutes later, and Tony is running into their room shedding armor as he goes; hair disheveled and tie askew. He crawls into bed, not even bothering to take off his shoes.
but usually he managed to say something at least.  The man’s face fell, and Steve finally found it within himself to speak, he was probably coming off as rude, hell.  “Having a little trouble, yeah, this is a real nice training room, do the Avengers train in here as a team?”  There, that seemed to put the smile back on his guest’s face.  Steve felt a little breathless, and irritatingly stupid in the head.
.  Tony probably had a whole closet full of jewelry nicer than what he had bought.  There was no indication he was even interested.  Steve didn’t think he was stepping out with anyone, he seemed to be single, but that didn’t mean he was.  Maybe he was just private.  Still, Steve wanted.  He wanted a lot.  Even as his body grew cold and he began to shake with the drop, he still felt that desire.
“Is he alright?” Steve asks, already striding from the room.
“What, you uh, just like that?”  Steve said, caught off guard entirely by that easy acceptance.  “What about my membership dues, shouldn’t I pay that first?”
“Happy, Hap, you have seen
“Captain Rogers woke when you arrived, perhaps you are not as quiet as you think yourself to be.” JARVIS snarks. It's impossible, Steve's hearing is amazing, but it's not
“Oh my god, fuck you Thor, I'll show you butterfly just as soon as I get out of here.”
He was just curious, that was all.
“Can I kiss you?” The question takes him off guard even though he was kind of expecting it.  Tony bites his lip to keep himself from moaning like Steve just got a hand down his pants instead of just asking him an innocent question.
Natasha and Pepper are still around too, although he gets the idea both of them are extremely busy. They still make time to sit with him however. He paints their nails while they press him between them; their expensive looking business suits getting all wrinkled while they make idle small talk Tony
He still asks to get a look at the kid, and he sees that look in the boy's face too, the same haunting emptiness and longing in his own every morning. “They say I'll die before I meet her.” He whispers, small hands clenched against his sides in anger.
“I think that indicates a bias on your part instead of how I feel about you, and I think if you ask anyone they would tell you that I haven't exactly been subtle.” Steve thinks about the betting pools all going right now, and those are just the ones he
“You remember what to do Captain?” JARVIS talking to him is getting less and less startling by the day.  Steve nods, crouching down so he can look at Tony's face while he coaxes him up. “Tony, hey listen, this is even more uncomfortable than the couch thing.” Tony grumbles, brows pinching together as if he's none too happy about being disturbed from his tablet pillow.
Steve closes his eyes for a moment. A large and very insistent part of him wants desperately to give in to what Tony's offering and just
“Why you, I outta-” Steve grumbles as Tony steps close to wrap him up in a cautious hug.
“You calling me difficult?” Steve asks lowly, drawing back just to watch Tony chase the kiss.
“You got yourself a deal.”  He said, standing behind Tony while they were checked into their room.  Which ended up being a huge suite with a view of Gillette Stadium, where the game would be played the next day.  There was a sitting room, with doors that led off to individual bedrooms with attached bathrooms.  Steve didn’t even want to think about how much the place had cost to rent.
“These are, wow Tony, I've been looking at these, how did you know?” He murmurs, lifting the biggest box of watercolor pencils he's ever seen out of the wrapping. Tony looks pleased with himself, accepting Steve's hug when he sets the pencils down to do just that.
gotten the reactor? He doesn't know you can't live without it Tony.” Her words are still soft, but there's steel slipping into them now.
holding Tony open with a hand on his ass, slipping through Tony's now lax hold. Even with all the preparation before, there's still a stretch, a moment where Tony has to consciously relax and allow all that pressure and heat to become pleasure. Steve's hand slips away from his hip to brace on the bed by Tony's shoulder as he presses in and in and in, until the hand he had on himself meets Tony's. He stills there for a moment, gently taking Tony's hand away, and then he's pinning that hand to the bed, bracing his knees between Tony's to spread him wide as he buries himself in a long slow thrust that makes Tony's eyes roll and his thighs quiver when he bottoms out with a slow, deep circular grind of his hips.
One of the betas giggled, and the other four interjected various drunken directions as to where they lived.  Yeah, they were all corked, that was for sure.  A few years ago they might’ve been coming from a speakeasy and trying to be a little more subtle about it, but after President Roosevelt had gotten rid of prohibition it wasn’t an uncommon sight to see a group of carousers singing their way down the sidewalks at night.  Still wasn’t a particularly bright idea.
As he gets closer to the living room, he hears Tony talking, well more grumbling. It becomes louder and louder the closer he gets. Natasha is speaking with him, tone fond. When Steve leans against the doorway, he sees Nat holding what looks to be a large hand knit shawl large enough to be a blanket.
“Yeah, we're all friends.” Rhodey says, ruffling his hair affectionately and shooting Pepper a look. She's been in and out of the room on her phone in between tossing things in bags and ordering Steve and Bucky around the room with all the authority of a drill sergeant. Tony is impressed.
“What, Tony, how?” It was a lot to take in, the thought of getting some of his past back. He stumbled over to sit on his bed, and Tony followed, sitting next to him.
“Steve.” Tony whispers, leaning up again. Steve cradles the back of his head in one palm, bending slightly to press another kiss against Tony's upturned mouth. He closes his eyes, but the brilliant after images the installation leaves are still there, flashing behind his lids in bright starbursts of color almost as vibrant as the feeling of Tony warm and wanting against him.
The person his strange new friends were fighting, however, was.  Namor was there, unchanged from the last time Steve saw him, resplendent in his tiny scaled shorts and imperious gaze.
“Then no.” He says with a smile. “Not a whole lot that could change my mind about loving you.”
“Yes, amazing, your hands always feel so good.” Tony says, low and hot as Steve rubs broad palms over his flanks. His touch is light, but Tony still shivers, closes his eyes and pants open mouthed when Steve presses their hips together.
“Steve!” Tony gasps out, voice threading on the edge of a whine. “Steve
“You're very naked, you answer the door for our breakfast like that?”  Steve croaks out once he manages to unstick his tongue from the roof of his mouth.  Tony tosses his head back in a laugh, then leans down to steal a fleeting kiss. He doesn't sit up though, leaning over Steve, rubbing his thumbs over Steve's cheeks, blue eyes soft and sparkling with amusement.
“Tony, are you going to come for me? Come on Sweetheart, show me, show me how good it feels, show me how good I'm fucking you.” Steve gasps out, hardly able to believe the words coming out of his own mouth, but Tony's reaction is something he will draw later. Tony's breath stutters, arching so hard only his head remains on the pillows, eyes rolling up and fingers scrabbling at the sheets when Steve slaps his hand away from his cock and replaces it with his own, grabbing at Tony's hip with his free-hand.
“I am, and you're going to do something about it for me, aren't you, beautiful?”  Tony speaks against his cheek “Here, I'll show you how, I have a task for you.” Tony smiles wide, pulling out of his arms and off his cock with a wet sound that makes Steve feel deliriously turned on all over again.
“What do you say, how does Gal sound?” A loud chirping meow meets the question, Tony takes that as an affirmative.
Tony who installed it. Steve's gym habits have evidently become very well known.
Steve”
“Iron Man will be there, you'll all be there if he bites. I can't put other people in danger by sending them to him when he will definitely be expecting it. That's just not acceptable to me. It's me he wants, and I don't think he really wants to hurt me, he needs me.”
He still wanted to wake the team up, his instincts warred with his logical mind. He could only imagine the telling off he’d get if he went banging on everyone’s doors because he was in rut and needed all his important people in one room where he could sniff them for injuries and brood like some kind of great bird. Clint would certainly never let him live it down, that was for sure. Steve groaned, going over to look at Sarah’s picture. He bet she would have had some good advice about what to do. He needed to do something, but what? During the war, rut was a boon in many ways, it helped him on missions, made him even stronger and more tireless than with the serum alone. This body wasn’t meant for downtime or rest.
a leanbh-From Old Irish lenab ("infant, babe, child; young man, youth, boy"). (a term of endearment)
anyway. This is pretty tame by comparison.
and Steve seems to want it so much. He didn't run when Tony had his little melodrama with Hammer at the gala, he didn't run when JARVIS made it apparent that picking him up wrong would net a fist to the jaw. Steve seems completely unphased by how much of a mess Tony is. There's precisely two people in the world that Tony tells most of the deepest darkest things his mind comes up with-he feels like maybe he could tell Steve even more, well maybe not more, but things he can't share with anyone aside from a lover. He doesn't think Steve would judge him or offer empty platitudes.  Steve looks at him like no one ever has-like Tony is somehow worthy of unselfish devotion and love. It's a beautiful sentiment, but Tony just doesn't know how the hell to handle that, and he certainly doesn't think he's earned it. Tony shakes himself out of the fantasy. Focus, Tony,
“Morning Steve.”  Natasha said, breezing past him straight towards the basket of fresh muffins sitting on the counter.  They were courtesy of Jarvis, Steve felt a little guilty for already having eaten two of them.
“Indeed we did, the Man of Iron was not present, but we thought it likely he was with you Anthony. Regardless, we would offer our assistance, and our solidarity as warriors as you face down your foe on the battlefield of words.”  Thor announces as if this sort of thing is just another day's work for him.  He supposes Thor
“We don't have to hide it though, I don't
“Yeah well, I only wanna massage you sweetheart, so my client list would be pretty empty.” Steve says with complete sincerity. Tony can't even think up anything to say to that, so he just sinks into the contact. If this is some kind of last moments wish fulfillment thing and he's off somewhere dying while this all plays out in his head, he hopes no one snaps him out of it.  “Can I get a good morning kiss Mister Stark?” Steve asks after a few minutes in which Tony has been trying and failing to regain his mental faculties.
“You really like him, huh-I'm glad. I want to bring you things you like.” Steve's cheeks are still red, growing a little redder when he takes Capnana off the dresser and brings it over so Tony can clutch it close.
“Don't you turn this around on me Steven.” Tony grumps, but he doesn't resist when Steve helps him get comfortable after Bruce leaves the room. He ends up tucked against Steve's side. One blanket tossed away to leave him wrapped in Natasha's shawl and a big fluffy mauve duvet. Steve queues up a nature documentary about Galapagos penguins and sits back. The mug of tea in his hand is still warm, and Tony radiates heat where he is, pressed all along Steve's side.
“It is good to see the two of you have finally-oh, what is that quaint American saying? Gotten your heads' out of your asses it was.” Doom snipes, but he sounds almost sincere. Steve just sighs as if the weight of the world rests on his shoulders. Doom ignores him, carrying on as if Steve isn't looking increasingly agitated with each word.
“Cap get out of the-” Iron Man sets the segments of the bus down, hands coming up, but he is too slow. Iron Man catches a Doombot to the chest with enough force to send him rolling backward.
“Careful, I might just keep it.” Tony says, rubbing his hands over the warm buttery leather.  Steve smiles with satisfaction-as if that was the plan all along. Tony feels like he might have been played.
“You’re an adrenaline junkie, can’t say I’m surprised, I approve.” Tony leaned against the doorway of the kitchen as the rest of the Avengers arrived and crowded around the food Jarvis doled out.  There was a massive side of mutton on the table for Thor.  It seemed to have materialized out of nowhere, or maybe he had just been paying more attention to the way the armor looked in the bright lights of the room.  The way Tony looked when Jan skipped over and shoved a donut in his laughing mouth.
He still dreams of that sound, of reaching, of his arms being too short and his enhanced speed meaning nothing in the end. Not enough not enough not enough.
“I'll do my best to make sure that doesn't happen.  I can't promise I won't make mistakes, but I want to try, if it turns out that's what Mister Stark wants too.” Steve says with utmost seriousness, determined to show he's not playing any games with anyone's heart.
“You welcome me back with meetings? Cruelty, thy name is Pepper.” The hand to his chest adds to the high drama, but it's worth it to hear Pepper hold back a giggle. She shifts to pure business once they reach the lab doors to research and development, and Tony once again is reminded of the perfect choice he made in appointing her CEO.
“You, you, you're...no you're not here, of course you're not but-” His eyes are so blue, clear even now in the gloom and spray of the ocean.
“Steve!” Tony gasps, breaking away from the kiss, breaths panting out harshly in the relative quiet of the training room. Steve doesn't answer, choosing instead to mouth a trail of kisses down Tony's throat, then lower to worry marks into the smooth skin of Tony's stomach.  “Oh my god.” Tony whispers, seemingly to himself. He's watching Steve through barely open eyes, tongue flicking out to wet his lips when Steve dips his head, kissing the spot he was tormenting just moments earlier. Tony's hips shift restlessly, and Steve drops another kiss there, open mouthed and biting this time; feeling Tony's muscles flutter, and the hardness so obviously tenting Tony's sweatpants. Another drag of his teeth makes Tony moan, and Steve follows that sound up to the source, blazing a path of kisses back up to Tony's parted lips.
“It’s a little complicated, he’s well.  He’s a real well to do fella, rich, gorgeous, probably an alpha.”  Steve shrugged helplessly, he didn’t even know where to start.  He never had the money before joining the army, and after that it had been too fraught, too dangerous to really think about love and bonding.
"You like that?"  He says against Tony's lips, shivering when Tony bucks up against him in a motion that seems almost entirely involuntary.
His eyes feel fuzzy and strained from staring at fine print, so he drags lenses out and unfolds them across his nose, smiling when they scan over his irises. Within a second everything is nice and crisp again. Tony shoves his hands in his pockets, affects an air of casual interest, and strides into the sitting room like he's not about to keel over from lack of sleep.
“What if I do” He starts, fingers skating upwards to thumb over flat dusky nipples. Tony gasps, shaking sweaty hair out of his eyes to stare up at him disbelievingly.  “What If I do mean something by this, what if I've meant something by it the whole time?” He finishes, growing quieter and more hesitant as he speaks, struck with the sudden terror that he's just ruined their friendship, that Tony has really been joking all along-that he's read to much into everything, that even Rhodes, and countless others have read this all wrong- and Tony will never look at him the same way again. The only sounds in the room are Tony's shuddering breaths, and the pounding of his own heart in his ears.
“Yeah and. It could have
“Roy, nice to see you.”  Tony said, really kind of obnoxiously.  If this was the guy that couldn’t take a hint, then Steve felt the obnoxious approach was definitely warranted.  Roy’s eyes narrowed, he stared at Steve, who moved a little closer to Tony, and held his arm out.
before Stark made you new gear. Do not-” He cackles, “do not lie to me Bird Boy.”
“Tony I don’t want an appointment at the VA.” It came out sharper than intended. Tony put his phone down, his eyes were wide, upset. God he was really acting like the back end of a donkey, wasn’t he. “If they fit me in, that’s another vet’s spot I’m taking.” He said quietly. “Who knows how long it’d be before that vet got another appointment. There’s alphas and betas out there needing help way more than Captain America.”
