“Oh – good morning,” Castiel says belatedly, spatula in one hand. He probably looks like an idiot.
Of course. How could Dean have forgotten? It feels so long ago, those parts of his life. Those brief, desperate bids for freedom, inevitably followed by weeks of torture after they caught him. While they
“Dean. And you?”
He can feel the alpha looking at him. His nose wrinkles as Cas’s scent curls into worry. The alpha grips the steering wheel a little harder than he needs to. “I just don’t want you to feel like you need to do this alone.”
all the way back at the very beginning. So Dean moves on to a stack of books that got knocked over as well, and, as he makes sense of the titles and puts them in their places, he lets his guilt go. At least for now.
the anger he can already smell coming from the alpha. Now he thinks he’s got a slave that can’t do anything without being drugged up first. It’s not the truth, not anymore. Not if he wants to stay here – and God, he
And Dean
doesn’t matter.
“Seriously, Cas. I trust you,” he reminds him, smiling a little in spite of the situation. The tension melts from Castiel’s shoulders at that, and he smiles back, if a little tentative.
Castiel drops the phone to the side without a second glance, looking down at the flushed omega plastered against him. Dean’s eyes are closed, and he’s breathing rather heavily.
ends with an abrupt estrangement from the company. Apparently, Castiel isn’t the only black sheep.
This chapter is... yeah. Ouch. This one hurt to even write. It has been a long time coming, though, so I hope it lives up to your expectations. I hope all of y'all are doing well. Let me know what you think!
Benny just smiles at him, infuriatingly unruffled by Dean’s accusatory tone. He doesn’t respond, which is somehow worse than if he had started barking orders.
And, because he was a feral little shit, the kid played dirty – he ducked his head and bit
be insane.”
It's kind of a short one, so I think I'm going to post the next chapter a little sooner than normal :) Hope you guys enjoy getting Castiel's perspective for a while. He's getting better! (A little?)
Cas is already a few steps ahead of him, but he stops when Dean doesn’t follow him. He turns back, concern etched into his face as he takes in Dean’s wide eyed stare.
(See the end of the chapter for
immediately slips as he tries to catch the last few before they tumble to the tiled floor. Of course he bashes into the raised lip of the shower and trips over the edge. Of course he tries to catch himself on the curtain and brings it crashing down with him, rod and rings and all.
“He doesn’t look like he’s in good shape
“None of that. I’m not old enough to be a ma’am,” she jokes, smiling at him, but when she turns to Castiel it’s with a grim look. He stands and follows her, taking the hint.
Castiel nods, a thoughtful look on his face. “I do recall a store nearby that does alterations as well as clothing sales – assuming it’s still in the same place. It’s quite a bit smaller. Does that sound better?”
“Um.” He thinks back. “A bowl? ‘Bout yay-big.” He holds out his hands and sees that they’re shaking. Pamela seems to notice that too, because she glances at them and writes something else down.
“Please,” Castiel continues, his heart pounding loudly in his chest. “Balthazar has done nothing to deserve your agitation, and if you harm him while trying to get out of the room – whether intentionally or not – there will be consequences. Do you understand?”
There is a pause that is as tight as a drawn bowstring.
His uncle just hugs him a little tighter. He doesn’t bring up false hopes, doesn’t tell Sam that one day Dean will be here again. He doesn’t lie to Sam about those kinds of things – never has.
Sam feels like he’s about to explode. He doesn’t know
but…”
his full attention, respects everyone in the same way that he respects Dean. It’s just how he’s built – and no matter how much he’d like to be, Dean isn’t special.
“Look a little deeper. Really dig at it.”
“Those two idiots,” Balthazar finally says slowly, taking a wide, gentle turn as he does so,
Dean, again, thinks about what the hell they’re even doing here. Two grown men curled up on a twin sized mattress, neither one of them with a single complaint about it. An alpha and an omega who are sleeping together but aren’t
on feelings. The instant he hadn’t needed to hide them from Cas anymore, they’d come pouring out of him, blood from a gash.
Dean had usually been too busy with real life problems to give a shit about schoolwork. But, reading through the thing last night, it had quickly become obvious to him
“That’s too bad,” Balthazar says bluntly, but not unkindly, “because he’s your responsibility now. I know this is outside of your tidy little comfort zone, boss-man, but there’s no one else that can help this kid right now. Are you really going to give up this quickly?”
Touching him and having him respond as any
kid for him to take his anger out on Sam the way he’d done on Dean. But, in the darkest parts of his heart, Dean knows that isn’t true. Knows that Sam was never as immune to John’s rage as Dean liked to make himself believe. It had just been that Dean had been an easier target.
He closes his eyes. Rests his head on his knees – it’s pounding, predictably. Now that the last of his adrenaline is gone, he’s finding that he’s quite tired.
produces. The landslide that’s about to go down is stupidly obvious.
Dean snorts, glancing at him. “Yeah I do, Cas.” He turns back, hides his face. Adds, voice aching, “Last time someone bought clothes for me, they were made of leather.”
His boots are still by the garage door from their last trip outside, and he jams his feet into them, hardly recognizing that he’s lacing them up just like he always used to when his dad called in the middle of the night, needing him. He barely feels himself pull on Cas’s coat, barely feels himself yank on the gloves that Cas had insisted on giving him. He doesn’t hear the screen door when it slams shut behind him.
“Got it?” Balthazar asks, a weak voice from the speaker of his phone, no longer held to his ear. Cas shuffles his way back over and finally has the presence of mind to hit the speaker button.
“How can you say that?” he demands quietly. “How can you be okay with…”
Claire taunts. “And poor
from the pressure in his hips. He tightens his hold on his blanket.
Eventually, the bleeding slows, and the ever-growing pile of tissue stops soaking through every few seconds. He tosses the wet wad into the toilet and flushes the whole thing, pressing a fresh crumple of it against the wound to keep it from opening again.
So, naturally, there’d been a flood of slaves on the local market. Novak Rehabilitation and Reintegration had purchased every one they could, pushing their resources to the limit. They’d gone
It had also been clear, though, that there was another omega inside the office – the alternating low and high pitched murmurs told them that – and the last thing either of them had wanted was to freak out whoever was inside with the scent of an unfamiliar – and agitated – alpha. So, with a lingering squeeze of his hand, Cas had retreated back to his office and Dean’s been sitting against the wall by himself for a good fifteen minutes.
The omega’s eyes linger on Castiel – somewhere around his shins, he thinks – before he nods jerkily. The fork shakes when he lifts it and stabs it into the casserole, and only half of what’s on it makes it to his mouth. But when he chews and swallows the relief on his face is enough to make Castiel’s chest ache with sympathy, and, as Dean releases a quiet sigh, the sharp sizzle of hunger fades ever so slightly from the air.
He’d looked young, before. Now, he looks a thousand years old.
Pamela catches him looking, and frowns at his master. “I’m going to make an executive decision here, if you two don’t mind. Novak?”
Sam needs something to blame. Needs it to
is. Dean’s given up more times than he can fucking remember, at this point, has stopped even trying to fight a thousand little battles he told himself he’d never lose
like him!”
Castiel smiles in what appears to be a purely polite manner. “I am doing well, thank you. How are you?”
“I don’t know what’s
you daft git.”
He peeks his head around the corner, crouched low enough to the ground that he doubts he’ll be spotted. A tall, broad alpha is beating on the door with a closed fist, and there’s another man on his left that Dean can’t see from this angle.
Hey guys!
very pretty.”
He’s early, actually. The appointment is not until three, but Dean hadn’t wanted to wait in Cas’s office for long after he’d woken up. So, it’s barely pushing a quarter past two, and he’s got forty-five minutes to try and develop a game plan for how he’s going to get through this.
“I won’t,” John says, and Dean had never heard him this scared in his
Castiel can’t help but smile a little at that – Balthazar knows him well.
“He slept in my bed last night,” he blurts, cheeks flushing red immediately. “And the night before,” he adds in a tumble. If this is to be a confessional, he may as well bare all the tarnished parts of his soul.
he’d like to keep the man’s fears at bay. But he can’t. It’s never
He reaches up and cards his fingers through Dean’s hair. Keeps his own scent steady and calm. Dean gulps against him, anxiety sharp in the air, his heartbeat nearly audible. “It’s alright, Dean. Take a breath.
He only realizes he’s fallen asleep when Castiel gently shakes him awake. “Dean. I think we should go to bed,” he murmurs, and Dean can only nod groggily. He lets Cas gently guide him up from the floor, not even caring that the alpha is half carrying him once again. He’s way past the point where he gives a shit.
As awful as that had been, though, at least he’d had the brief companionship of people of his designation; other omegas to scent or soothe or be soothed by.
“Wait,” they said slowly, looking over at Cas with wide eyes, then at Sam, who was next to them on the booth opposite Dean. “You mean he really
to hold over him
The omega is rail thin. Is probably about a half-step away from dropping dead on the spot, if Castiel is being honest. Despite clearly having been washed and shaved – an act Castiel knows, from Balthazar’s warnings, was conducted with less care than if the man were an animal – the omega looks worse in person than he had in his photo. In the small two by three snapshot, he’d already seemed hopeless; but here, swaying in front of him with undisguised dread, it seems like the fight has drained out of him completely. Like his very will to survive has been beaten out of him.
His friend sighs ever so slightly over the line. “Alright.” There’s a pause, and then she adds, “You wanna maybe… stay on the line? For no reason in particular. Definitely not worried about you or anything.”
Cas… looked so at ease. Comfortable with a child next to him, leaning on him for support. He met Dean’s eyes with something intense and unspoken in his gaze.
Castiel gives her a gentle smile. “I cannot ask you to risk your business.” Hannah may not support the slave trade, but Castiel knows many of her high-end customers do. Predictably, the wealthier the demographic, the more pro-slavery people tend to be.
She takes a breath. “Are you gonna tell Bobby?”
his voice rough and shocked. “Dean?”
She waits, expectant, and he suppresses a wave of nausea. “Was bad,” he confesses, because that’s what he’s always been expected to do. His hands tremble as he covers the spot on his neck that he knows is dark with bruises. He’s just glad that the cuts have healed from the last time Alastair decided to whip him there.
“He does,” Castiel says finally, but Sam shakes his head like he doesn’t believe it. “He
Gently – more gently than Sam thought he
Dean can figure out the rest. If what Cas said was true, he wasn’t raised like his siblings. It isn’t that hard to believe that someone like his alpha would have a stronger moral compass than the rest of this fucked up family – and it also isn’t that hard to believe that he wouldn’t want to have anything to do with them. Dean’s not exactly surprised he’d change his name and deny any relation to just to escape being lumped in with people like that.
All he can keep thinking is that, if he doesn’t get his ass in gear, Castiel is going to realize he’s just taking up space and sell him back. He’s got this sick feeling that he’s just an experiment to the man, that Castiel was simply bored when he decided to buy him. Considering how empty the house is, he thinks that the alpha isn’t really the type to keep things with no use around.
But so is being a slave with no collar. Either the alpha won’t believe him, or he
Also?? Can I just... You guys. Y'all got crazy last chapter - I have NEVER had so many kind comments and people hyping me up. Thank you all so, SO much. I don't know what I did to deserve such awesome people. You guys brightened my whole week. I'm gonna reply to every single one, too - just give me some time!
Sam snaps, something raw in his voice. “I know. I was there. I remember. I – fuck,” he breaks off, his composure fraying at the edges, a little more of the scared young man filtering through.
flinches. Turns away, his hand over his mouth. He looks sick, and Castiel hates that he has to do this. Hates that he has to hurt Sam like this to make him understand even a fraction of what his brother had gone through. But Dean had told him to be blunt, and he thinks that he was right. Because, looking at Dean now, Sam would never guess how much he’s recovered. How far he’s come.
How much practice must Dean have, to be able to shut himself off that quickly? To stay on his knees,
know why you feel the way you do about your actions. But I’d hazard a guess that it’s got a lot to do with your body’s biological reward system. Ain’t so different from having endorphins in your blood after you work out. That sort of feeling can get addicting.”
yesterday –  but when the omega finally wanders into the kitchen, the difference in his demeanor is startling.
Her touch is light and clinical when she pokes around, and she never hurts him, still true to her word. The air is cold, stinging, and he shudders as her fingers brush over what he knows is some major bruising.
She looks up at him silently, for a moment. “Just go back to the main hall. You’ll see the sign. It’s idiot-proof, lucky for you,” she snipes, though most of the malice has bled from her tone.
alpha, but the smell of Dean’s fear and pain has awakened something in him that has long lain dormant.
“Could you–”
his brother.
“Okay,” his master says, and his voice is jarring, gentle and soothing like it had been in the yard when Dean had almost lost his mind and bolted out into the snow. “I’ll be in the living room when you’re done. I think we should talk about a few things before bed.”
to do, not something that he is sacrificing.
his fear, so intensely that it would have been difficult to discern from his own. And Dean knew there was no chance of that happening. No chance that any alpha would actually
it – it makes him feel warm and complete, as though a missing piece of himself has fallen into place. But he can’t help but fear that he is going to ruin things.
Dean looks up sharply from the ground when they enter, and he can feel the blood drain from his face at the sight of a stethoscope and a white coat. His stomach churns, threatening to send back the meager bites of breakfast that he’d choked down earlier.
“Sure,” Sam agrees evenly. He watches as Balthazar swipes his badge across a black electronic reader, and pushes the front doors open. “What do you do around here?”
Cas squeezes him gently. “I’m… I’m glad that you can see a future in which we might... Well. When things between us are different. Perhaps we could... do it properly.”
There’s a roaring in Sam’s ears. Something like molten metal in his veins. Rage, white hot, flashes through him before he can even think about marshaling it back down – some of it must flash into his scent, because Balthazar’s brows furrow. For the first time since this conversation began, Sam thinks he might be genuinely surprised.
It would be all too easy to hurt Dean while he’s like this. To push his thumb down on his nape and dominate him,
self control – it’s obvious that you do, or you wouldn’t be on the phone with me right now,” he rumbles, calm and reassuring. “I’m just talking about you feelin’ those protector instincts.”
“Pillows?”
like his mom, and never will be – to explain all the ways he fucked up the kid’s life, all the ways he failed. To remind him that Dean will never be
be – and Scott didn’t seem inclined to ask.  “Come on, dude. Don’t be a party pooper.”
and my master wasn’t happy
“I, um. He usually… falls asleep elsewhere,” the alpha mumbles, quickly taking a sip of coffee.
“I simply want you to be comfortable. The things you’re referring to take nothing away from me,” he says, and then adds, “and I don’t want anything in return.”
at these papers a second time feels a little bit like he’s… being ungrateful. Like he’s coming right out and saying he doesn’t trust Cas – and that’s about as far from the truth as a thing can be.
Castiel
“And how am I supposed to do that?” he asks, tone bordering on helplessness.
to tell Castiel – it wasn’t trust, or anything close. It was because he thought Castiel had
They return to cooking, and before long there are two omelettes ready to go. He and Cas eat them standing right there at the counter, Dean’s fingers tapping almost unconsciously on the counter to the rhythm of an album he knows by heart and hasn’t heard in years. He even sees Cas nodding along a few times, and it makes something in his chest give a strange little flutter.
Castiel sighs, and Dean is hit with the stomach-sunk feeling that he’s disappointed the alpha somehow. But when his master looks at him again, it’s with kind eyes and a tired smile. “Well, if you’d like, I’ll gladly make you a plate. Do you like bacon?”
Dean clenches his jaw and doesn’t answer, shimmying his jeans back up. He leaves them unbuttoned so she can access the scar. His heart is in his throat.
And if
“We didn’t kidnap them! We’re bringing them
He sniffs. Wipes his nose on the back of his hand. “Cas, he was so happy. So
Cas gives him an unimpressed look. “I find that hard to believe.”
After a terrifyingly blank few seconds, it comes rushing back; the cloudy memory of stripping without a
He can’t scent any lust on the man, but that doesn’t mean shit. He can’t smell much of anything over the acrid stench of his own terror – hell, even the achingly familiar scent of coffee is hardly filtering in. He realizes that his master has not said anything and he clenches his fists. He’s already done enough that’s wrong, clearly, and now the alpha is probably sizing up how best to kick the shit out of him and teach him his place, how he wants to remind Dean of how
Claire snorts. “Some. Some I already knew. Used to get into a lot of fights as a kid,” she says, the shadow of a hungry expression on her face. Dean has no problem imagining her as a trouble-maker, with her dark eyeliner and savage smile. Her take-no-shit attitude. “But, yeah. He taught me some tricks.”
“I don’t need more clothes,” he says blankly.
in a way that could be seen as possessive… it
Castiel frowns, rubbing his hair dry with a towel as he slowly sits down in a chair. Dean does not look back at him – does not even murmur a greeting. Instead, he mechanically opens the fridge and starts pulling out containers, seemingly at random, stopping and starting in little hitching motions that do nothing but deepen Castiel’s concern all the more. And his face is still blank. A sharp and worrying contrast with the cacophony of scents in the room.
justify bringing him here when he already
like a favorite shirt or a claimed spot on the couch. It's hard to nail down, strange that it feels like a memory when Dean knows he’s never met this man before. But it feels like something missing has been returned to him when he catches the alpha’s scent. When he breathes in, he thinks of summer rain, of coffee on the porch in the morning, and of a warm, gentle touch.
in more ways than one, and if we get caught with them...”
Wriggling down into the sheets to get comfortable, Dean tries to let his exhaustion take him out of his head. Tries to get a good night’s sleep for the first time in days, tries not to think about Alastair’s reptilian gaze or Sam’s hazel eyes. He wants to let himself take for granted that this comfort is really for
which is not an emotion that Castiel understands. Not in this context. But Dean doesn’t try to explain himself. He just hunches in his shoulders and gets even smaller. “Okay. Sorry.”
Balthazar’s mouth twists. “He trusts you. And you have to understand that the trust of a person who has been through what
him to understand how fucked up this situation is. “Dean, we need to
Scent darkening with shame and fear, Dean starts to pull away, but Castiel won’t –
There’s something foamy on top of the water. Bubbles. There are
ness.
that he’d be happier with you back in his life.”
Castiel takes a breath. He cannot place his own desires over Dean’s – cannot rush him before he is ready. “It’s alright,” he says, but even as he tries to cover it, a twinge of disappointment sneaks into his tone. He can feel Dean stiffen against him.
“Hey,” she says sharply, all traces of her excitement gone. “What is it? Is he–”
“Would it be okay if–”
ago, told Dean that they needed to wait – had pushed the omega away when he’d been close to initiating something they’d both regret.
“Okay. Then there’s no need for you to keep eating.” He waits until Dean nods before going on. “The bathroom is down the hall. There are bottles of soap and shampoo inside the shower that I want you to use to clean yourself. There are also towels for you.” He’s careful to be explicit – on the advice of Balthazar, he should be clear about what is for Dean and what isn’t.
vomit.
He comes, Cas’s name on his lips like a prayer.
When the woman came back, she placed the newly engraved necklace on the scratched glass tabletop. Scott picked it up, and Dean leaned over his shoulder, inspecting the carving. It was delicately done, the image a near perfect copy of what Cas had drawn.
There’s a distant noise, and then, “No, Kevin, we’re
“Where is he?” Balthazar asks, his voice cold and sharp as an icicle. “Where are
you’ll never see how easy it will be to set him back, even unintentionally.”
heat doesn’t mean that’s what
That thing becomes especially loud and demanding when Dean closes his eyes and groans softly.
Cas doesn’t really look reassured by that – maybe because he’s nervous that Dean’s memory is porous at all. He wants to reassure the alpha that he trusts him, wants to let him know that he, not even for a
he must have looked. It makes him sick with shame.
Dean speaks up, finally. “That kid’s a pistol,” he comments. At Balthazar’s raised eyebrow, he shrugs. “I met her after my appointment with Pam. She was…”
“Awkward as fuck,” Dean grunts, pushing himself off the counter. He sighs, staring out the window for a moment before turning and ambling away.  “I think it’s starting to rain.”
His first wild, pathetic thought had been to beg. To plead with Cas to keep him, even though he doesn’t want to. But he can’t do that –
“Dean, is there something wrong?” he asks eventually, unable to fully keep the worry – or guilt – out of his voice. “Is there… can I do something? You seem…”
“Is that… is it
Dean, wrestling with a flash of frustration, wishes for the hundredth time that he could get a better read on the dude. If Benny would just give away when he disagrees with him, Dean could suss out exactly what the dude
Identical in nearly every way, it is only their contrasting styles that set the eldest two brothers – co-CEOs – apart. Michael wears a sensible black suit in most of his pictures, while Lucifer sports flashier outfits. Whites and reds and blues. They are alpha in every way imaginable, and Dean shudders just looking at their cold, sharklike smiles. He does not, at all, see even a passing resemblance between them and Cas. Nor does he see the resemblance between him and his late father, dead nearly a decade ago now.
For a wild moment Dean pictures it in his mind’s eye. The thought of being carried like a bride over the threshold isn’t nearly as mortifying as it ought to be, he thinks, but he’s not about to actually
“Please don’t put your arms behind your back, Dean. That can’t be comfortable,” he says awkwardly instead of a greeting, well aware that his very presence terrifies the young man in front of him. He can see Dean’s throat bob as he swallows, but after a moment, he drops his hands from the small of his back. He’s already shaking again.
Tears prick at his eyes. He
He looks down with a smile. “Hello, Dean.”
He’s wretchedly thankful for that, though he doesn’t know if he should be. All he knows is that he’s never hated himself more than he did after waking up from a feverish heat and having to face the glazed over memories of what he’d pleaded for.
Dean didn’t seem to mind at
He’d known that Dean wouldn’t be okay. He’d
“I know,” Bal says breezily. After a moment, he says, a little reluctantly, “But this scent-bond complicates more than just the question of his housing. Like I said, breaching the topic of his emancipation is going to be… difficult, I’d imagine. More so than usual.”
“I never would have thought of that,” Cas says simply,
After much deliberation – and man, is it strange to be deliberating on something like
Dean can only nod – he’s already starting to get overwhelmed, already starting to get quieter. Cas has jumped out of the car, though, so he follows suit before he can chicken out, timidly stepping into the cool air. He hunches a little further into the alpha’s jacket, frowning as his knee complains at him. He’d nearly forgotten about it, during the long ride.
“Sorry,” he whispers. And he is. It’s not Cas’s fault that he’s this way. But the alpha just shakes his head and tightens his grip. Runs his thumb along Dean’s knuckles, and lets him gather his thoughts.
“No,” Castiel corrects, swallowing. “He– I didn’t even realize he’d done it, the first night. I woke up with him in my bed, and
human being had been the one to break Dean down to rubble.
Cas nods again. “And when you spilled it. What about then?”
. He can’t believe he’d actually managed to forget what that was like. The sick anticipation, the ice cold fear of some new john in the room, the held-breath waiting game. He knows
me wants me to take self-defense classes?”
Because, back then, Dean hadn’t known him. Hadn’t
His eyes widen as he stares at her, glancing at his master with a nervous swallow. What kind of question is that? The alpha looks almost uncomfortable in the arched doorway of the kitchen, arms crossed and shoulders hunched. Strangely out of place in his own home.
“Can I go, too?”
Dean’s not exactly sure he wants to push his luck, but when he thinks back to the way Castiel had held his hand last night, the way he’d sat on the edge of the bed until he’d drifted off just because Dean had asked him to, the way he’s offered his silent, strong support day after day… he thinks Balthazar’s probably right. Still, he can’t help the lingering doubt. Can’t help the nervousness he feels at the idea of asking for something so outlandish.
“I don’t like her,” he snaps, crossing his arms as Cas rolls up the window.
Castiel bites his lip. “Helps me, or you?”
he sputters – but Cas looks entirely serious, and more than a little amused. “Oh my God, I
It’s one of the few moments where he’d had a clear, present,
without fear of blow-back. He doesn’t think Benny is gonna be the type to deride him over shirking his
The statement hangs in the air with a surprising amount of vehemence, on Dean’s part. A few months ago, Dean wouldn’t have said he could do much of anything at all.
“It’s a risk assessment. They… want to know if you pose a threat.”
“And before that?” Sam demands, thankfully glossing past that unforgivable fact, at least for now. “I looked for you, Dean. I never
The omega ducks his head, tucks his body under Castiel’s chin and rubs against him, nearly cat-like, searching for something that Castiel doesn’t understand.
Castiel abruptly seems to realize that they’ve stopped in the middle of the stairs and starts moving again. “I’m glad I was able to help,” he says, and he turns away and that’s the end of the conversation.
Castiel leans back from his computer, rolling back his chair until he can see the man clearly. The omega has been leaning against the side of his desk for close to an hour, quietly relaxing and absorbing the sunshine that pours into his office from a window he’s never been more grateful for. Now, though, Dean is looking up at him with a determined expression that is quickly becoming familiar, some combination of nervous insecurity and stubborn bravery that never fails to make his heart ache.
“Satisfied?” he asks sweetly, returning his phone to his front pocket.
Initially, Cas stiffens when Dean leans against him. He’s obviously surprised, and with good reason – Dean ain’t exactly been the one to reach out first for this kind of stuff, not since Balthazar came over. But he does now, twining his fingers with the alpha’s and reminding himself that he’s safe, he’s safe, he’s safe.
of Claire. But Dean knows that isn’t the case; Cas can smell Claire’s nervousness as clearly as he can. He can see the way she’s tensing up like she’s gonna take off running. He probably feels bad that he’s getting between Claire and Jody on top of his guilt over scaring her.
“If you think you’re – if you think you can
He’s lucky John hadn’t been able to smell those alphas on him, because the beating he’d have received would probably have killed him. No son of
after all. He’d been so torn about what to do, had gone back and forth the entire drive to the center.
that way – like he was waiting for
Trying to give the man space, he retreats back to the counter and fills up his own plate, the knife clinking against the dish in the silence. He sits down at the table without much fanfare, digging in despite his lack of appetite, hoping that it will put Dean more at ease. But instead of being reassured by his enthusiasm for his food, the omega is looking down at his own with naked confusion. His eyes dart up to Castiel’s plate every so often. He wonders if Dean knows how to eat this, if he remembers actual meals that are cooked with care and eaten with a fork at a table.
in his voice when he’d told him that he’d been too afraid to lose Sammy – they had told him that here, too, Dean believes he’d taken the coward’s way out.
Dean pulled his gun out of his waistband and cocked it, fully prepared to shoot until he saw that the tiny ball of speed was, indeed, a
“That isn’t true,” he says, but he doesn’t push it because Dean is struggling as it is. As if his whirlwind of thoughts wasn’t already enough, shame has crept back into his scent.
Except, he can’t think of a scenario where he’d be able to hide
Cas understand how bad he was, because the alpha really doesn’t have any idea.
And, though Cas had been oblivious in the midst of his excitement, Benny had clearly taken note of Dean’s red face and frustrated look at the cushion and the alpha. Thankfully, he hadn’t said anything in front of Cas to give Dean away – instead, he’d amicably finished up their conversation with vague, pleasant statements, and had gently chased Cas out of the room.
to have that info, of course. After all, the law stated that runaways needed to be apprehended by state police, disciplined, and strictly re-trained, all following rigid guidelines. No exceptions. And, a lot of the time, runaways weren’t returned to their owners at all. People who couldn’t handle their slaves didn’t get to keep them, he’d figured out. Too much risk of a rebellion, if slaves weren’t held down with an iron grip. Too much risk that one of them would get ballsy and fight
Not even close.”
and something in Castiel’s stomach unclenches.
He cocks his jaw. “And I’ll put a couple’a bullets through your skull before you get the chance.”
“They?” Dean repeated blankly, feeling like he’d missed something.
when Dean trails in behind him and kneels down on the tile.
here–”
He’d sucked it up, and here he sits.
“I know.” They both seem surprised that Dean cut him off, but he grimaces and continues on like he’s afraid he’ll lose steam if he stops. “It just feels weird to sit around and let you do all the work, you know?” He looks meaningfully at the ever-growing pile of dishes. “And, uh, not just because you’re an alpha and I’m not. Or because I’m… yeah. But it just seems unfair.”
Cas’s mouth snaps shut when Dean glares up at him. He watches, openly baffled, as Dean sits up, breaking contact between them. Without a word, he gets to his feet, stumbling just a little in his hurry. Cas reaches out to steady him, of course, but Dean snatches his arm out of the way. “Don’t,” he snaps, baring his teeth a little.
at that – isn’t good enough to do that. Castiel has never been
an auction house in disguise, Balthazar is seeing if Sam is in on it. If Sam shows how horrified he is at the thought, he’ll be in the same boat – and might even end up dealing with something worse, if they think he’ll raise a stink or try to alert the omegas that it’s a scam.
“Regular Sherlock Holmes over here,” Dean mumbles. He presses his forehead into Cas’s chest, sighing when he feels he alpha wrap his arms around him. His honey and rain scent is soothing as always, warm and safe and
“Line is registered under
Trying to keep himself thoughtless, he begins his routine – scrubs himself down methodically, pumps some shampoo into his hands and runs it through his hair. He’s more than a little distracted, but he’s trying his best to ignore the insistent voice in the back of his head that is encouraging him to do something about the coiling arousal in his gut.
to be apologizing. Supposed to make Cas believe him when he said he could be better. Instead, he’d dug in his heels, and made everything
“Do you have vapor rub?” she interrupts, her tone morphing into a familiar no-nonsense sharpness. “And a mask of some sort? A bandana will do until we arrive.”
He’s terrified to find out what Cas thinks of him, now. Sick to his stomach at that realization that he is
place, if it wasn’t for Dean.
“Physically,” Castiel starts and then breaks off, running a hand through his hair and trying desperately to collect his thoughts. To calm his racing heart. “Physically, he was… in rough shape. Injured. And he was
in fact, what Dean needs.
“Let me know when you’re okay to be touched,” she says, no judgement or condemnation in her tone, and it takes Dean a long time to process her words. As soon as he does, he nods, not keen to waste any more time or disrespect his master by pretending he has any agency over himself.
He can
Dean can only stare with wide eyes as they go, something inside of him shaken at the sight. He hasn’t seen omegas like that since high school – unafraid, their heads held high. Not even concerned about Cas, even though they can definitely smell him, can see that he’s an alpha. All four of them are young. Younger than Dean. He has to wonder where they came from, how long they suffered before they were found and brought here.
As usual, when it comes to the defense of anyone other than himself, the alpha manages to find his voice. “You do matter, Dean.”
He realizes, abruptly, that he’s clenching the sheets on either side of him in his fists. Letting loose a slow breath, he loosens his hands; but then he has nothing to anchor him to the bed, so he grabs them again. Fuck.
The next ones feel even
His path is aimless. He doesn’t try to figure out where he’s going, doesn’t try to orient himself with the sun like his dad taught him to, once upon a time. All he knows is that the world around him is far too big, yet far too small at the same time, and that the more steps he takes, the faster he goes, until he’s literally
When the door shuts, Castiel takes a deep breath and puts his hands palm up on his knees. He’s kneeling down in front of Dean still, a careful few inches of space between them. Dean still has his hand over his face. And, even though he caught Dean a few seconds ago, he still asks.
“I am not,” Cas finally agrees, his tone serious. “It is your body, Dean. You are entitled to do with it what you wish, and it's entitled to feel how it will feel.”
Dean feels a little nervous. He’s not sure why, exactly, but Cas picks up on it right away, his tone softening like he’s talking to a frightened animal. Dean doesn’t love that, but he can’t say the description doesn’t fit. “You wouldn’t have to answer anything that makes you uncomfortable.”
his freedom.” He rubs at his face, betraying his exhaustion. “It’s obvious to
Dean doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t turn around, not even when he hears Cas retreating to his room. Not even when he hears the alpha’s bedroom door close behind him with a soft click.
Cas puts a hand on his shoulder. “I’ll be wherever you want me, Dean.”
His dad probably deserves what’s about to happen to him, and more. And if Dean were
All he can do is ask. So he does.
the first time he’d dared to come on some random alpha’s knot without being told to do so. Dean hadn’t even meant to – he just
“I’m -”
sorry excuse for a person, and he’s unwanted
“You think
(See the end of the chapter for
to be subjugated, that he finds comfort in it somehow; maybe because it’s all he knows or, worse, maybe because he’s an omega and omegas really
just sitting here in front of this man, who he logically knows does not want to hurt him and probably
His brother began chanting, but in that moment, the demon began chanting too. It took all of a second before the child’s whole body erupted in
His return question is decidedly
You can’t keep chasing
But Dean… requested this. Just last night. And Castiel hates the idea of denying the omega any of the few things he’s been brave enough to ask for.
Balthazar huffs out a laugh too, and Castiel can’t miss the thickness of his voice. He has no doubt that the man will deny it to his dying day, but despite how he’s managing to carry on this conversation, he’s not as unaffected by it as he’d like to appear.
The distance between them is glaring, now – it chills him. “Please tell me I wasn’t…”
Dean blanches. He doesn’t want to think about
to fix this. But as soon as he gets closer, Dean’s legs collapse. He plummets to the ground like Sam had
But that’s not reality. And Dean’s not interested in looking back and thinking about what-ifs and maybes.
Dean crosses his arms over his chest, feeling like the slightest thing Cas might say could crack him down the middle. He’s embarrassed, and raw, and
he’d hissed, and then all Dean had known was white hot agony.
The garage is silent, now, as if everyone else here instinctively knows what’s going down. A fight like this isn’t gonna get interrupted by anyone short of the cops – a pair of alphas coming to blows over an omega isn’t something anyone wants to get between.
Castiel laughs a little, but he complies; after a moment’s hesitation, he maneuvers Dean until he’s got his arm wrapped around his shoulders. Dean’s a big fan – no doubt about it – but he needs a little more, so he just slumps until he’s pretty much horizontal, his body still wrapped in the blanket enough that he’s got a flimsy barrier between himself and Cas. When he drops his cheek against Cas’s thigh, facing away, the alpha just rests his arm against Dean’s chest and holds his hand, the long line of it warm against his ribs. He can’t suppress a pleasant shiver when his other hand reaches up to card through his hair.
with the kid?”
like those other alphas.”
The omega is probably not the only one that would benefit from a read-through of
– makes him twist and pant and search for the man, for
to be right for you.”
“Perhaps,” Cas agrees. Dean can tell he’s smiling. “Then again, so am I.”
I hope you all enjoy the grand reveal.
Crowley just waves his hand. “Not an issue, my friend. Not an issue.” After a moment, the man drops his gaze back to the road. Crowley folds his hands in his lap and waits expectantly.
Something inside of Castiel preens at that compliment, smug because his ome– because
(See the end of the chapter for
He sputtered and stood, squinting at Dean who was laughing maniacally. “That was uncalled for.”
Trembling, glancing at the door every so often as if it’s going to bang open at any moment, he drops a pillow to the ground between the bed and the wall, putting the mattress between himself and the door for all the good it will do him if his master changes his mind and wants to use him after all. Then, he curls down on the plush carpet with the quilt over him, his hands circling around his knees automatically as he goes. He hopes the alpha won’t be angry that he’s putting such nice bedding on the floor.
“I can just... nap? Any time?”
When he no longer feels like he’s going to pass out, he opens his eyes again. Graceless,
in his eyes here, no anger, no hatred. Not even fear. Just an exhausted sort of acceptance that his life is not his own, that he has no say in what will happen to him. Because he doesn’t.
“Do you think he’s happy?” Dean breathes out against his chest.
uncomfortable, despite his intention to hold it together for Dean’s sake. But, of course, the omega picks up on that immediately. He’s staring at Castiel from his seat against the table leg with his lips pressed together, more of that sadness and frustration already curling into his scent.
“I’m sure he’s been grabbed by the scruff one time too many,” he replies, an edge of bitterness creeping into his tone. Bal’s acerbic personality makes it easy for Castiel to forget the man’s history – but at times like this, he’s reminded again just how much the omega himself has been through. “Not many alphas will really lay into it, even
His heart is pounding as he waits for the man’s reaction. He’s hoping, even though it may destroy his chances of getting them to trust him, that Balthazar will look disappointed, or disgusted. That he’ll have Sam removed from the premises. That way, if Dean
Hope you all are having a wonderful holiday season, despite the circumstances. I'm stupid behind on replying to comments, but I'm going to tackle that tomorrow. Stay safe out there.
but it’s certainly enough to get his heart pumping. “Um…”
scared me,” he says, fidgeting with his shirt, “don’t you think I would’a given you the damn bandana at this point?” He swallows, twisting the fabric around his fingers, staring down at it so he won’t have to look at Cas instead. “I mean. You
He believes Cas when the alpha tells him he won’t let his former master anywhere near him. Believes that he could never fuck up
He dumps the blankets onto the mattress and slides it the rest of the way easily, shoving it against his own on the other side of the room. He pushes them both until they’re firmly in the corner, guessing that it will make it feel more… den-like. He resolutely ignores the fact that he’s just guessing.
sort of relief – was all he could think about. And something inside of him had been screaming that he wasn’t supposed to be wearing anything, that it wasn’t
palm that is slowly dripping blood on the cutting board.
Dean softens. He lets out a breath. “And then they just take. Right?”
tells Dean that he wants to free him. Almost tells him that it’s been the plan all along. He
But now, as he lays in a bed that doesn’t really belong to him and rests his head on a pillow that still smells faintly like his master, the reality of what happened sinks in.
But that was a long time ago. Now, they’re sharing a room, embracing a million times a day, sleeping in the same
“You’re warm,” he rumbles, still half asleep, and Dean smiles to himself. He’s glad his face is still buried in Cas’s chest – it means the man can’t see him blush. “What time is it?”
Dean weakly sits back on the ground and drops his head between his knees so he can take in deep, hungry breaths.
Unease prickles down Castiel’s spine as he watches Dean. As he listens to the deadened, numb way he’s speaking. The man closes his eyes, mouth tightening – and Castiel can
Sam grits his teeth. The name
when he’s scared, but of some unnamed alpha in the dark that Cas is reminding him of, however unintentionally.
Something in him still swoops at the way Dean has chosen to address him, though it’s not as bad as
“And what the hell has that got to do with
Castiel swallows. “I mean… yes.”
Once Cas has left, Pam gets down to business.
all the shit he’s been holding in since Dean left his sight with the alpha that
“Strawberries, blueberries, or bananas?”
He’s beginning to wonder if she’s kinder than he’d given her credit for, especially when he’d gotten a weird little wave of dizziness and stumbled when he went to sit, and she hadn’t teased him. She probably still feels bad about his nose.
But he doesn’t ask about any of that, because he remembers all too well what happened the last time that Dean spoke of his past. Castiel has already resolved that if Dean ever wants him to know
“Don’t wanna talk about it, Cas.”
He was looking at nothing… a thousand yard stare. Dean approached him quietly, and when Cas didn’t respond to the hand on his shoulder, Dean let it slide up and cup the angel’s jaw, tipping his head to look at him.
something you have any control over. It will be over in a few days, and we will get through it just fine.” He smooths a hand through Dean’s hair and adds, “Nothing between us is going to change, Dean. Not because of this.”
give in. Some warp their actions into possessiveness and trade protection for ownership, and suddenly it's more important to them that their omega is under their thumb than it is that they are happy. It becomes a relationship about overpowering and controlling the other person, rather than cultivating mutual trust. That’s what Dean has experienced, I’d imagine.”
Balthazar is sitting at the kitchen table with his elbows braced on the wood, his nose wrinkled. Castiel would imagine that the smell of another omega in heat is not overly pleasant to the man, but he’s here anyway – a testament to how much this matters to him. He glances over at them, snorting openly when he spots the bandana.
“Alright.” Castiel takes a breath. “Right. Can you sit up before we start? Actually sitting, not kneeling?” He tries to frame it like a question, but Dean clearly takes it as an order. Slowly, he moves until he has his knees drawn up to his chest, arms wrapped around them, the pillow laying beside him as though he thinks he’s not allowed to hold it in this position. The way he squeezes his legs is clearly a self-soothing movement, something well-practiced.
bursts to life inside of Castiel’s chest at those words, at the gentle forgiveness on Dean’s face. It starts to
“Sorry,” he says, after a while.
He doesn’t really remember the drive to Castiel’s home. All he’d been thinking at the time was that he couldn’t throw up, couldn’t throw up,
come. And then trust that you will go farther.”
Many of you mentioned that you're eager for Dean to meet Balthazar, and I promise that it's coming! In the meantime, I put in a pretty long conversation between our resident alpha and his head of rehab to help satisfy that itch.
Abbadon had been the one to catch him unaware. She’d found his attempt at escape
Sam takes another step back. Turns around. Rubs a hand over his face, exhaustion and frustration and anger – at
“Maybe he just wants to stay anonymous!” Charlie shoots back. This isn’t the first time they’ve discussed it, and her impatience with that fact is bleeding through into her tone. “He’s an
“Would you two
“Scott is thirteen,” Cas said unsympathetically. “And you, if I know you, will be driving.”
He swallows. There’s no point in lying to the man, even though it’s his knee jerk reaction to do so. “I feel… right, I guess. I feel
He stops mid-sentence, and the rage on his face dies in an instant.
Cas’s frown deepens. There’s no one in the hall, though he can hear people in the rooms off to either side. In moments, they will no longer be alone, and Dean needs to get his shit together before he embarrasses himself
He snorts. “Sure. Regular old Mother Teresa, right here.”
Dean squints. “Shouldn’t
“Hey,” Cas interrupts. “I…
“You’re head over heels for him, aren’t you?”
He can’t go outside the house without a collar. He knows that, Cas knows that. The alpha hasn’t mentioned it yet, but Dean is under no illusions. Trying not to be obvious, he buries his nose in Castiel’s zipped up canvas jacket, closes his eyes, and inhales, willing some of his fear away. It’s not working as well as it normally does, unfortunately. Maybe it’s because of their argument – can he call it an argument? – earlier, or maybe it’s just because he’s dreading the feeling of that cold metal and leather around his neck.
left inside of them, slaves that could be overpowered and
until–”
Bal freezes in place – and so does Castiel.
“I. I don’t know what to believe,” Sam finally blurts, after a long silence. “I just. Please. Can I just talk to him? Can I–”
“Novak! Long time no see, bud! How the hell are you? Still wearing that crazy fucking trench coat, I see.” She’s already talking a mile a minute, just like she always had in college, and Castiel smiles at her through his concern for Dean. He can feel how tight the omega’s muscles are under his hand, how hard he’s trying to stop his shaking.
“What if he doesn’t want to listen to me?”
Pamela growls, “We could have already figured out what he wants. But he’s not, so you’re going to have to go in and ask him.”
he feels like he could crawl under the couch and never come out.
“Of course.”
He’s not dressed.
And it’s only gonna hurt him all the more when Cas has to let him down gently.
because he has to fix this, has to stop that man before he calls Novak, because if he doesn’t–
It was only when Cas moved the kiss from his mouth to his jaw, then to suck little bruises onto the soft skin beneath his throat, that Dean remembered just how
He’s not questioning Castiel directly, but even this little bit of stubborness is progress. With a little smile, Castiel gestures over at another half-chopped pepper on the cutting board with his spatula. “There’s some more over there, if you’d like to inspect them.”
Dean curls in as far as he can, knees nearly touching his chest. He can’t even wrap his brain around that, has no idea why Cas is apologizing to him right now. Because
Dean manages to nod, but that’s about it. The door shuts behind the beta with a soft click.
A longer one for y'all! Thank you so much for those of you who have commented. It really makes me feel like the effort is worthwhile and encourages me to post the next chapters. Happy reading!
only touch it enough to control them, and don’t hurt omegas there even if the rest of their body is fair game.
harder. He spares a moment to wish that Sam had waited – had allowed Dean to do this at his own pace. Then he dismisses the thought. There’s no point, and if he were Sam, he knows that he wouldn’t have waited a second more than he had to.
or something,” he spits, even though he knows what he’s saying doesn’t make sense. Dean
Leaning forward until his head is resting on Castiel’s shoulder, Dean lets out a long sigh. “This is gonna be a long week, ain’t it?”
The scent seems somehow
Dean nods – he remembers those things, at least, from childhood tv shows and movies. True to her word, there’s no pain, though she frowns at the numbers she sees. When she helps him down from the counter to weigh him on a little scale she pulls from her bag, she shakes her head. “Really have to get some meat on those bones, kid,” she mutters.
Crowley turns his head to the side, an indulgent smile on his face. “Now, John. There’s no need to beg. It’s
“I’d be shocked if they didn’t, after what I saw,” Pamela agrees, her voice a little more gentle. “Any pain?”
Dean says nothing to that, for a long, pregnant moment. He lets out a long sigh. “You didn’t trigger shit, Cas. I’ve been having nightmares like that for, uh. For a minute.” He swallows. “I wake up on the floor half the time, man. Ever since I started trying to sleep on the mattress.”
did they do, Cas?” His voice came out like thunder, but that was fine because he felt as dangerous as a lightning bolt.
too close to his nape for comfort. He jerks forward, heart pounding, mouth dry.
“What’s going on, Cas?”
in his brain, the anxious, pacing animal in him – they’re damn
He doesn’t know, and it scares him. It
of. To imagine him doing things that people have
all his attention  focused instantly on Dean instead. The rage vanishes from his expression like someone flipped a switch, and in its place is something so raw and hopeful that it’s painful to look at. Like the sun.
But, God. Dean misses him. It feels like something has been torn out of him, and it’s felt that way since he walked out of his old life and into this one. The longer he says here, the longer he gets to heal and play house with Cas, and the longer he goes without being
He swallows. Thinks back to the night that Cas had touched his nape, had held him to his chest. “A while back, he – I kinda… freaked out,” he admits, glossing over it in a way that is anything but subtle. He can tell that Benny isn’t going to let that go, either, but he doesn’t push it now. “And I… I went to my knees and… yeah.” He rubs at his jaw. “I think he already told you.”
don’t want to bring up that you’re reaching out for necessary physical comfort and trusting the alpha giving it to you, despite you having about a thousand reasons not to.”
is. Scared of a fucking
What else would Dean have done, if his master had ordered him to? What else would he have listened to without a second thought, in that state of mind?
was scared when he came at me,” Castiel presses, pinning the omega in place with his gaze.
But he
It’s not really what he’s looking for, because it sounds like Dean is just giving him the answer he thinks Castiel expects to hear. “Tell the truth,” he says gently. He doesn’t want to give Dean any orders, but he’s also aware that he won’t tell him what he actually thinks otherwise.
“And how to keep it from happening again,” Sam promised, kicking his puppy-dog eyes into high gear.
Sexual satisfaction, it seems, is only
Balthazar cocks his head to the side, examining him. “Oh,
you have that, Cassie. I need you to know that.”
Is Cas feeling those things because of… because of
Dean cocks his head to the side, brow furrowed, but as smart as he is it doesn’t take him long to put two and two together. And rather than the fear or the disgust or the
“From what I can see,” she says, frowning, “your cycle will probably proceed as normal, once you’re healthy enough for it. But just like I thought… you won’t be able to get pregnant. Even if you did, the pup wouldn’t survive past a few weeks. There’s just too much damage."
Dean shudders. “I know. You’re too good. But I…” He swallows, the sound loud in the quiet of the room, and his next words are soft and thick with shame. “‘M a slut.”
“I get the feeling,” the man continues pleasantly, ignoring his outburst, “that you are interested in… striking up a deal?”
Then, he thinks about Dean, his eyes wide and frightened, frantically insisting that he can be
Castiel huffs. Of all the things he'd have guessed Dean to be concerned about, he hadn't considered this. “Because you’re sitting on the floor.”
She lets him get control of himself, leaves him alone until he can breathe again. But when he finally looks up at his master, the man’s eyes are distant. Glazed. Dean can
“Dean,” he breathes, and then he realizes what’s about to happen.
It all feels a little too good to be true. “And… you found lots of paperwork for purchases.”
he retorts, thinking that Balthazar is joking, but the omega huffs out an exasperated sound.
Dean feels like crying.
Chapter 1 of 3 (three!) that cover Pam's examination. This is a bumpy road, folks. Mind the tags. There's some more specific trigger warnings in the end notes.
followed by
He thinks he might be able to last a week, like this.
It’s not that they hadn’t tried to find Dean. They’d searched for years – and Sam knows for
The longer he waits, the higher the risk that some jokester picks it up; even as he sits here, a man passes so close by it on the way to his car that he nearly kicks it. He looks up, catches Dean staring, and holds his gaze for a moment. Dean drops his eyes. He’s wary of drawing attention to himself.
thinks he understands.
to take it. He just stares him down, his gaze armored and frosty.
– but after a moment, he lets out a dry, pleading sob and nods
Castiel winces. “I… I thought we could maybe do that… later,” he says awkwardly, and Dean laughs again. This time, the sound is a lot more genuine.
He closes his eyes. Breathes slowly. “You always seem to see the truth in me even when I can’t. So I thought you must have known something I didn’t. I thought you… I thought you must have found something
The words ring in his ears, loud and breathtaking as church bells, slamming into his chest with the force of a tidal wave. They make him feel infinite, make him feel as though he could grow wings and fly up and up and up toward the sun and become one with the sky.
(See the end of the chapter for
It hits Dean, then, that his master is waiting for
Dean grimaces. “You are just bound and determined to be pissed off, aren’t ya?”
“Sounds expensive.”
done that?”
I should have known better than to trust a goddamn
Castiel had shaken his head – and Dean, sitting in the passenger seat next to him with his knees pulled up to his chest, had shaken his too. “You didn’t know, Balthazar,” the omega had said. He’d fiddled with the hem of Castiel’s trenchcoat, biting his lip. “If he’d been anyone else…”
solo?” Dean says, raising an eyebrow. “Damn, you’re even more antisocial than I thought.”
“Right,” she says flatly.
holding up his jeans, cinched down to the very last loop, and they’re high-water on him on top of that. His hoodie, as always, is far too large, the sleeves so much longer than his arms that, half the time, he can’t even see his hands. He has to yank the laces of his borrowed tennis shoes as tight as they’ll go to keep them on his feet.
Pamela squeezes his hand. “I won’t, Dean.”
“I cannot have you sleeping on the floor,” he says out of nowhere, his back still to Dean. He jumps – he hadn’t even known Cas was aware he was in here. “It’s not… I can’t abide that,” he insists.
“No,” Dean said slowly. “Don’t think so. A ritual like that’s pretty complicated. Takes a lot of prep.” He took another sip of his drink, chewing a bit on his words. “Don’t take more than one person, either.”
breathing in his pheromones. After Dean wrapped himself around him like an oversized octopus and scented him and…
“Cas,” Dean said gently. “Breathe.”
A million tendrils of hatred that had lived inside of him, festering and spreading until they had been all he could feel, all he could see, all he could breathe – they’d sprung to life all at once. Blinded him, goaded him, screamed in his ear until he’d picked up the closest sharp object he could find and held it against the alpha’s throat.
It had always been one of those thoughts he kept at bay, one of those hopes he ripped up like a weed any time it dared to sprout. He couldn’t afford to let that thought grow roots, couldn’t afford to let it take up any space in his mind – he knew it would have killed him, wanting that. Knew he wouldn’t have made it through a
Bal hooks his chin over Castiel’s shoulder and squeezes him as tightly as he can, and Castiel stays perfectly still and silent as he does. He doesn’t say anything, because he doesn’t
is a miracle, and Castiel has no idea how he got lucky enough to be the one to do it. All he knows – utterly
now that Cas is back. He doesn’t give a damn how pathetic that is, even when he sees that Pam is waiting behind him. Her eyes flick back and forth between them and when she realizes Cas is all but frozen in the hallway, she sighs.
“We’ll miss you too, kid,” Dean said bracingly, surprised at just how true it was. “But, and trust me on this,” he added, grinning at Cas, “we’re not the best people to hang around when shit hits the fan.”
do that, because you’re a good kid,” Dean said quickly, looking around to be sure no one was witnessing this little breakdown. He’d had a hunch that Scott hadn’t been telling the complete truth as to what happened, but even with this confirmation, he didn’t have time to dig in. “You–”
the bigger that hole inside of him seems to get.
Charlie breaks off abruptly, and Sam
“That’s not…
In normal relationships, heats are supposed to be… if not fun, then something close. Proof that a person is healthy. And more than that, a reminder that they are loved and cared for. But for Dean, a heat means only insecurity and cruelty and fear. Castiel wants nothing more than to change that.
when he friggin’ owns me, anyway. He wouldn’t feel right about it.”
the image of Dean being taken right here on the shower floor.
The alpha should be pissed at him. He should smell angry, and Dean should be cowering, and Cas should be yelling at him. He didn’t answer the phone. He left without saying anything. He didn’t even leave a fucking
sake, I wish you had found someone under different circumstances, I’m – I’m
“Do I?” Cas asks faintly, his voice weak.
him not to hurt, not to take advantage. Had allowed Castiel to touch that sacred spot on his nape, even though he’s been hurt there so often, and so badly, that his one consistent defiance – if
He sighs. “Run me through it one more time?”
he walks out the door – he manages to slip on a pair of clean underwear when he finds them miraculously folded on the counter in the bathroom. Cas must have put them there. He’s so glad,
here for sex, and Dean was just making an ass out of himself. Even though, lately, that’s
He’s examining the tallest in that corner of the den – gardening books, it turns out – when there’s a crash from the spare bedroom.
Wait.
Weird coincidence. “Ain’t even outta South Dakota. Broke down in some little podunk town near the border.”
Whew!
Dean feels a growl growing in the back of his throat the longer that Cas stays turned to look at the man, but he swallows it down. He doesn’t get
Cas shrugs, his eyes distant. “As a child, I had a driver. And when I left for college, there was public transportation. I did a lot of walking,” he jokes, smiling a little.
– washing over him. He doesn’t know whether he wants to kick the porch railing or kick
“With Pam,” he admits, sighing.
without Dean in it. He’s sometimes still shocked that it hasn’t.
The threats are delivered not with malice, but with fierce
“How?” Dean demanded. “Wouldn’t that make him easier to…”
his alpha is hissing, teeth flashing and pointed in the harsh light. In this moment, the gentle, patient man that Dean has come to know is nowhere to be found – he’s been replaced with something feral, something
“Mrs. Fitzgerald is who you want to come find if you’re ever lost,” Castiel says. “She handles the orientation tours, mans the phones, and hands out badges – among other duties she’s picked up, despite my insistence that she doesn’t overtax herself,” he adds, glancing down meaningfully. And, oh, Dean hadn’t even noticed – the woman is pregnant.
He just hadn’t anticipated that Dean would want to be anywhere near him, given the choice to be somewhere else.
Dean nods, a little hitching motion, and Castiel can’t tell if it’s genuine belief in his words or not that causes him to do so.
go, Bobby.”
The office, much like Castiel’s home, is sparse on the decorations. There’s a bookshelf, of course, mostly stacked with tomes on slave law. Other than his desk and the couch, there’s just a mini fridge with a small coffee machine on top that Cas is flipping on and filling up.
Dean doesn’t respond, just continues to breathe rapidly; panting, sharp little noises, pulled through clenched teeth. “Dean, what –”
to be afraid. And I’m so proud of you for holding on to that humanity, even through the worst possible circumstances. I’m proud of how far you’ve come.” He cards his fingers through the short hair on his nape, the movement syrupy and calm. “How far you will go.”
There’s something almost desperate in his voice, something Castiel prays to God he’ll never have the first-hand experience that he’d need in order to understand.
he do, with his feeble understanding of Sam, and of what’s hurting Dean in the first place?
a project. You are not a
Dean scoffs at that, shaking his head with an angry laugh. “Maybe if I had, you wouldn’t have to deal with this. Deal with
But Cas just makes a frustrated noise, guilt pulsing into his scent even more. “Dean,” he says, his tone equally frustrated and helpless. And Dean braces himself, waits for impact – but it’s a different sort entirely to what he’d been imagining.
to find out what’s happened to
That’s when he’d been purchased by Hell.
talks, anyway. He’s doing
“Do you trust me, Dean?” he asked, holding both hands out towards his mate.
Balthazar curses quietly once he’s done. “Did I not tell you to be careful? To be sure you don’t overwhelm the kid?”
He does, obviously. It’s clear that Dean’s brother is a constant weight on his mind, and today of all days Dean is going to be entangled in memories of his past. But he’s not sure how much of those details he should be sharing with Balthazar. “His family is on his mind,” he settles on, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “More and more, these days.”
It’s the only feeling he has right now that makes sense. He clings to it, pressing the bruises on his wrists as well to remind himself that he is here, and this is real.
Cas looks pained at that, but Dean, for some reason, can’t stop laughing. Because this
makes his heart rate skyrocket, and he can feel Cas growing ever more agitated beside him. He closes his eyes, swallows convulsively around the panic in his chest.
and Castiel nods, tying a firm knot in the bag and dropping it into the garbage hidden in the pantry.
Dean swallows. He’s not sure what’s going on – not sure why Cas suddenly wants to revive ancient history like this. “I – I mean. I thought it was spiked. Drugged. I didn’t know you,” he adds, flushing a bit. “I thought you were gonna – well, you know what I thought.”
Luckily, the older omega just rolls his eyes instead of calling him on his disrespect. “Were you not listening to the rehabilitation part, kid?”
Dean frowns at him, asking without asking – why didn’t he mention it before? Cas flushes even darker. “It’s
“Because I –
He lets out a slow breath. He knows that nesting is a bitch thing, or whatever, but he can’t deny that looking at everything in order like this is soothing. Trailing his fingers down the spines, he smiles to himself as he rereads the titles.
The relief in the omega’s fragile voice is palpable. “I need you, please. Please.”
And Dean
The words are a blunt reminder of the kind of treatment Dean is used to. What he may very well have expected this trip to be.
and just be treated like a human being. Where they can take control back, piece by piece, until they’re free again. “Oh,” he says weakly.
His dad had spat enough drunken vitriol about how much of a pathetic bitch he was that he really should have known it wasn’t bullshit.
Castiel manages not to flinch at the word. “Were you…”
it. But you holding him? You telling him you’re
Taking a deep breath, Dean reaches forward and grabs a handful of Cas’s shirt. He holds it for a moment, grounding himself. “I trust you,” he says simply. “You… I know you don’t want me like that, Cas,” he finishes softly, and can’t quite keep the anguish out of his voice.
It’s everything he misses and everything he never wants to feel again. He’s pounding down the hallway before he makes a conscious decision to do so – passing in front of the first door, then the next, then skidding to a halt outside of Cas’s office. He blinks and he’s through the outside door, standing in the waiting area.
He cocks his jaw, trying to figure out the math on what’s the more dangerous path for him – letting John know he’s here for backup, and risking his wrath after the fact, or leaving his dad
He locks his phone and slips it into his pocket.
He doesn’t know if it was due to stupidity or weakness, but for once, he hadn’t been scared.
The angel turned and squinted at him. “That’s not what you said las–”
He’s barely able to fathom the mere
I thought he’d pissed off the wrong person, stuck his fingers in too many pies or… or something. But of course not.” His words lose their ire as he repeats them. “Of course not.”
Dean’s hand snakes out of its own accord and snags the alpha’s wrist, holding tight.
Sam swallows. “I didn’t know how bad it would be,” he whispers, the admission painful.
Dean knows he should probably let go. Should try and figure out why a man he thought might hate him is clinging to his shirt instead, like he’s afraid Dean might try and pull away.
“Dean?” Castiel asks uncertainly. Maybe he pushed too far. Maybe Dean
“I just want you to dig up everything you can on whoever this number belongs to,” he says, rattling it off for her to copy down.
sleeper.”
A shudder rocking through him, he snaps a hand to his mouth and pulls back from Castiel’s grip around his shoulders. “I’m – I’m gonna be sick–”
Struggling to hold on, refusing to let go and let his heat take over.
Cas ain’t exactly pounding up the stairs after him, so he’s not sure why he bothers. He doesn’t actually think the alpha will intrude if Dean tells him he isn’t welcome. But something inside of him wants that extra bit of security, right now. Something inside of him
The word trembles just a little, but Dean just holds his head a little higher when Cas stares at him, taken aback. “No, Cas. It’s been off most’a the night and you didn’t do anything.”
Dean feels fucking hysterical. “I don’t have a
Cas shrugs, gazing at the water. “Not really.”
that,” he mumbles. He’d sound petulant if he wasn’t so exhausted. “Would’ve locked the damn door, if I’d known you were gonna come up here.”
But Castiel isn’t looking for that. Sounds to Dean like he’s looking for him to be normal, and not a fucked up shell of a person.
(See the end of the chapter for
It's a cowardly thought. A selfish thought. But it's the only one in his head.
it’s such a relief to know that Cas is gonna be there with him at night – he logically gets that the alpha is never more than a few rooms away from him, anyway. But there’d been something different about seeing him right
“Love you too, Samsquatch,” she says fondly, and he hangs up the phone just as Balthazar swings open the rear door on the driver’s side.
Dean can’t agree, but he doesn’t want to disagree either. So he just stays quiet, shaking like a goddamn leaf because he’s doped up on caffeine and he’s scared fucking
I don’t–”
to stay,” he says quietly.
But that isn’t important right now. The alpha voice barking in the back of his brain is the opposite of helpful – it’s forgotten all the extenuating circumstances that have the potential to make this arrangement a
He reaches up and squeezes Bobby’s hand, blinking harshly down at the table. He’s trying his damndest to keep it together.
Hello my dear readers!
him submit – they hadn’t wanted any semblance of willingness. So Alastair had stopped drugging him that way pretty early on. Apparently he made more money if he
only options are righty or lefty.”
For a split second, he doesn’t care that Sam’s watching, doesn’t care about the dozen ways this could go wrong. He just enjoys the embrace. The way Dean’s scent calms his racing heart and forces his mind into the here and now.
into fucking
Taken aback, Castiel stares at Dean – who is now meeting his eyes, anger making his gaze as hot as fire. “He wasn’t. He was – he’s
By the time he’s clean and dressed and ready for the day, a grand total of half an hour has passed. He doesn’t want to go back into his room right now, wary of the lingering fear scent that will be there, and so he carefully picks his way down the stairs instead.
in his expression. And Castiel instantly feels himself responding in kind to that hunger, something gnawing at him to get up, to touch, to
Dean is burning.
but I couldn’t tell her why that was bad, because she would have ratted us out to our dad, and that…”
Balthazar had texted him about twenty minutes ago. He taps on the new conversation with a tiny trill of trepidation that intensifies into nausea when he reads it.
get to be the one to show you all this stuff. It’s… I miss that,” he says softly. “Getting to share things. Watching other people… experience a good movie for the first time? Or a killer song? That’s awesome.”
. The realization almost makes him scramble out of the shower and onto his knees right there on the bathroom rug; he
he’s showing some emotion; anger is tightening the corners of his mouth. His volume is still low, but there’s steel in his tone – a loud and clear warning that Sam is going too far.
He’s so
here. That
He can do nothing but stare. Dean looks up, catches his stunned expression, and drops his eyes back down. He turns the cup in his hands slowly, thumbing the rim of the glass with careful precision. “But then I figured,
The words are quiet, sighed out under the man’s breath, and Dean doesn’t think he was meant to hear them because when the therapist peeks his head around the corner to look for Claire, he seems startled to see Dean sitting there.
he can think about is Cas. Cas’s touch and his smell and his kindness, the calm control in his eyes, the gentle and sure way he acts and walks and talks. His flushed cheeks that morning that he’d woken up with a problem of his own. His face when he’s
Even the thought of Cas with crimson eyes and a snarl on his face isn’t enough to turn him off. In fact, it maybe even makes it
He pauses.
Castiel doesn’t call him on his lie from earlier. Maybe he forgot? But he does frown. “You hadn’t slept in five days?”
That had been almost two hours ago, and as he eats the last chunks of fruit he has to admit he’s out of excuses to continue to sit here.
It’s dawning on him that Castiel might actually be the person that he’s claiming to be.
yours, even if you got no intention of takin’ advantage of that. But even if he weren't,” he continues, his voice a little softer, “he’s still in your home. You’re still around him on every day that ends in
” he’d asked sharply – it was only after Balthazar had burst out laughing that Castiel realized he’d been trying to get him riled up.
“That they could tag along?” Dean finished, chuckling. “Yeah. Me too. I’m gonna miss Scott.”
Cas swallows – Dean is so close to him that he can hear it. “Well. I believe her,” he says, his voice almost timid with the fragile hope in the words. “I don’t think she’d let me within a mile of you if she didn’t think I was capable of holding it together – neither would Balthazar, for that matter.”
Dean feels something sprout and bloom in his chest. It's love, he decides - not much else it could be, with how giddy it makes him feel. Like he could take on the world.
pay grade – we have to pour quite a lot of funds into the things to get them whipped back into working order, and we only sell for profit.” He shows his teeth. “Which, in turn, makes for a very exclusive clientele.”
“You should eat,” Cas says, after a while. “You’ve not had anything substantial since yesterday.”
Even now, it’s hard to pull himself away from Cas – he only just manages, mostly because he doesn’t want to read the dumb packet right in front of the alpha.
“Lovely chatting with you, Cassie, but some of us have work to do, so…”
week,” Crowley says delicately. He sighs, leaning until he’s resting his arm on the doorframe. “Seems luck isn’t on your side, mate. The house always wins, you know, even if you’re cheating with those little coordinates of mine.”
Dean falters like he hadn’t quite thought that far. “Oh. Um. I don’t really care. Just wanted to sit down here with you,” he says absently. And then, when his words catch up to him, he blushes. “Uh – I mean, I just…”
Dean’s not stupid. He knows that he’s had it exceptionally rough. Most alphas aren't like the ones he
Balthazar whistles, long and low. “Bloody resilient kid,” he says, “considering what he went through.”
The blood drains out of his face.
“It’s the first door on the right. Take your time, okay?”
you,” Sam says. Castiel can see the gears turning in his head. “He was scared. And he went
a grimy, sinning
Novak. I just want to see my brother. Even just – just
Dean blinks. He makes a face, and then rubs at his forehead with his hand. He looks… frustrated. “Why can’t you just be normal?”
The kid in question is throwing up a peace sign over her shoulder, sauntering away from him and out of the cafeteria without a backward glance. Dean watches her go with a fond feeling in his chest, though the tense nature of their discussion lingers there too.
Dean chokes, waving him into silence. “Please don’t quote that book to me.”
Cas’s mouth drops open in protest, and he sits up straighter and gets a little more into Dean’s space with his wild dark hair and intense eyes, and Dean
to have some self respect for a minute. Still, unwilling to abandon him – no matter how vicious his thoughts try to be – Dean creeps around the house to listen.
“Is this… part of the training?” he asks tentatively, and because Dean isn’t looking at him, Castiel closes his eyes in frustration.
need it, at this point,” she says shrugging, “but it may make him feel more comfortable.”
And just to show that he ain’t a bitch, he kneels down right there and starts eating. Never mind that his stomach is rolling, never mind the cold sweat that immediately breaks out on the back of his neck. Never mind that he’s terrified of being so close to his master while he’s on the ground and the alpha is looming above him, the position a reminder of his first days here and many,
Cas pulled back and looked at Dean with a wild expression that nearly shattered him. How had he
He eyes the last pile. Dean’s avoided for long enough, he figures – he’s out of excuses. The flannel and jeans he pulls on remind him a little too much of the old Dean, the headstrong omega-in-denial that he’d been before. It makes some long neglected thing inside of him ache.
The alpha inhales a sharp breath, motionless for a few seconds as he figures out where he is. After a long moment, Cas leans back and blinks at him blearily, and Dean can’t help the dopey smile the sight drags out.
The beta fixes him with a look, one that’s so intense that Dean has to struggle not to look away. “Trying to survive is one of the bravest things you can do in this fucked up world, Mr. Winchester.”
“With Dean?”
That doesn’t mean that Dean
Nothing has been solved, not really. Dean still has no idea whether or not Alastair is alive, whether he’s looking for him. But whatever magic Cas had worked last night seems to have extended into the morning anyway – he’s so calm that he feels like syrup.
Crowley’s voice is smooth as scales, and the longer he talks, the faster Dean’s heart pounds.  “Oh, John. Do you know what little alpha boys like him go for on the market? I could easily make up what you owe me, and
“You don’t need to apologize, Dean.”
Grateful that Cas isn’t pushing him, Dean takes a couple of deep breaths. He’s gotta get this out
He’s as stiff as a board when he replies. “Why does that matter?”
his legs are drawn to his chest, his bare feet pressed down flat on the rough wood of the dock. Hands curled in tight, white fists.
Cas stares at him blankly, and when it looks like he’s not gonna even
He buries himself further in the covers, his breath hitching.
Dean’s face is on fire. He picks up his plate and concentrates on it so he won’t have to meet Castiel’s gaze. “I, uh. I boiled ‘em first. Helps ‘em get soft in the middle.”
Cas’s eyes are soft, when he manages to look back up at them. “I just mean, thanks for being you, I guess,” he finishes lamely, blushing when he hears how childish he sounds. But he means it.
He’s been staring down at the fruit for a while, distractedly checking his phone and forgetting what he was doing, when the omega loses his patience with him. At Balthazar’s slightly unfriendly, amused insistence, he plops some peaches into a plastic bag and twirls it until it’s secure. They join the apples and pears he’d picked out earlier. The collection looks pitiful.
The coffee machine gurgles at him accusingly. Every time he’d closed his eyes last night, he’d seen Dean curled over a tiny spot of brown on the carpet, scraping his hands raw trying to claw it up.
Could be worse, could be worse. He repeats it like a prayer.
So fair’s fair.”
The stairs creak a little as he picks his way downstairs. He’s not sure exactly
“My office is at the end of the hall,” the alpha says quietly. “Would you like to go inside?”
They sit like that for a long time, long enough for Dean’s breathing to come even and slow, for Castiel’s butt to go numb on the floor. Dean’s scent is vibrant against him, sweet and soft like most omegas but with an edge of a bite, something like cinnamon. Nothing like the sour fear that has trailed him everywhere he’s gone since Castiel first laid eyes on him.
on them
Castiel sighs and adjusts the phone between his ear and his shoulder a little better, carefully sweeping the remainder of the broken glass in his bathroom into a manageable pile. “Probably.”
know is that he wants to protect Dean from anything and everything that could do him harm. He wants that so bad that his chest aches.
“I don’t require an apology.”
And it is. Dean brings it everywhere, the thought of going back to kneeling on the unforgiving ground unthinkable once he has a taste for softness. He sits on his little pillow, trying not to feel like a prized pet, while Cas works or cooks or watches the news, and at the end of the day he and Cas go up to their room together and sleep. It’s easily the most comfortable he’s ever been, and not nearly as embarrassing as he anticipated.
inside you. Some of…” He gestured at his own chest, jaw tightening. “Some of this bullshit.”
Cas is still holding his hand, pretending not to notice that Dean’s casual grip has turned into something closer to holding-onto-the-edge-of-a-canyon desperation. He taps the button to take them back to the ground floor without moving an inch from his side.
No matter what anyone says, he feels reprehensible when he tells Dean what to do. He’s determined to let the omega make his own choices, determined to convince him that he is not at Castiel’s beck and call. He’s just not sure how to do that when Dean can’t take him at his word or trust his intentions.
Alarmed, Castiel pulls back a little. “Dean? Are you al–”
“I have some work that I need to catch up on in my office. You’re welcome to keep me company, or you can go back to your room and rest. Whatever makes you more comfortable.”
“You don’t remember anything?”
and they don’t have to hurt him, or immeasurably
throwing Cas’s offer of the bed back into his face. And the willingness to be caught that he'd felt last night is not present in the light of day.
wrong too, because Dean’s never backed down from
Pamela makes another tsking noise and rummages in her bag again. “Can’t do much for the bruising – it’ll fade eventually. But I’ve got cream for the lacerations. I want you to put it on twice a day but let them breathe. They need to, to heal properly and without scars.”
“I shouldn’t even be here,” Sam says, his chest aching. “I’m just making everything
Hope y'all don't mind an interlude of introspection. Lots of people were curious as to what the emancipation process would look like, so I hope this chapter answers some of those questions. As always, I am horribly behind on responding to yall, but please know your comments kept me afloat this week :)
Then the front door shuts and the scent of the alpha fades. It’s only when Cas shuffles into the room with a large box in his hands that Dean can breathe again.
In his lap, Dean is curled against him. His arm is snug around Castiel’s hips, his nose buried in his stomach. Even his legs are folded up, knees pressed to Castiel’s side. He seems so very small.
It’s all he can do.
and do nothing but fan the hot coals of that embarrassment into something closer to anger. It grows, searing and sharp, until it incinerates everything inside of him but shame.
Dean looks at his hands. “When I was… when I didn’t follow orders.”
on you. The demon did it all, kid.”
sorry. Over and over again, he seems to do the wrong thing, to make the wrong choice. And once again, his lack of competence has affected Dean negatively.
Hearing it put so plainly makes him a little lightheaded. Maybe he’s lucky enough that Cas won’t want to control him like that, but Pam says it like she thinks it’s a universal right for
Dean wants to laugh. He really does. Because everything alive inside of him wishes that Cas had kept this to himself for the rest of their natural lives. “Any other secrets like that you wanna lay on me?” he demands, nearly hysterical, miserable and overwhelmed and wishing, more than anything, that he could reverse this day and never let it happen. “Might as well knock everything out at once, right Cas? One and done?”
is the level of cruelty Dean expects from him – to not even be able to control how much
For the first time in the history of the universe, human soul and angel grace melded into one. And it was glorious. Power zinged its way through Castiel, good and pure. He felt alive. Like he was taking his first breath of true air after struggling underwater his entire life. Dean must have felt it too, because he gasped against his lips. Wove his hands into Castiel’s hair and tugged him closer. Chased his mouth with the insistent press of his own.
“Let’s say you don’t, though,” he continues conversationally, as if John had said nothing. “Let’s say you, I don’t know… bugger up another catch. Let’s say your shriveled little conscience makes an appearance again, and you decide you want to lose me a few grand. That’s fine – I understand. We
Castiel blinks. Deflates, just a little. “Oh. Right.” He looks to Dean, painfully earnest. “I’ll… I’ll make the rounds, then? And I’ll meet you…”
Balthazar scoffs, shaking his head. “He’s not.”
situation is getting pretty rough as well. More insistent, though, is the persistent, nagging ache in his gut. He’s going to be hard pressed to ignore it pretty soon, and he figures he can try to do something about it while Cas is asleep and none the wiser.
going to be able to differentiate between you leaving him temporarily and you leaving him
When it said bonding, it just meant –?”
speaking. He’s cowering on the ground like a dog, because that’s what he is. Actually, no, scratch that – dogs have laws that protect them from getting hit or starved or left out in the cold with no protection. He suddenly wants to laugh and the feeling is hysterical and sharp in his chest. He’s less than a goddamn
“But he’s my
lash out. He’d hit. Kick. Spit. He’d
Bal is quiet for a long time. When he does speak, his words are razor thin. “I don’t know if I’ve ever been more angry, to be frank. But there’s no point in adding on to your bloody guilt complex.”
Dean sucks in a sharp gasp and looks up at Castiel frantically, confused for another beat before his eyes clear. His arms drop down from his back and he slumps,
Only to spy the damn thing a dozen yards away near the elevator, half under the back bumper of an Escalade.
Cas is quiet for a while at that. Moving his hand almost idly, he traces patterns up and down Dean’s back.
he’s lucky enough to feel this way, his throat closes with emotion.
The brother Sam remembers was boisterous, always full of life, always ready to throw down at a moment’s notice. He isn’t like that now; cheekbones too sharp, hands hidden inside of over-large sleeves. He’s a refugee from war, in more ways than one.
She points out various little spots on the x-rays and questions him on each one, her mouth getting thinner and thinner as he answers her questions as plainly as he can. By the time they’ve discussed the healed breaks in his fingers – the ones he can remember, anyway – she’s downright pissed, her eyes blazing and her a muscle in her cheek twitching as she violently scribbles things down in his chart.
“And that is exactly why he’s nervous,” Castiel says patiently. “You remember him in a very specific way, and he
thing he’s had in years, and he wants to hold onto that novel feeling for a little while longer. Maybe that’s selfish, or ungrateful. But he does it anyway, and Cas makes it easy, because he never pushes.
The reply does not come for a long time. When it does, it is a complete non sequitur – fairly typical of emotional conversations with Balthazar. He simply texts Castiel a photo of his cat, now beginning to get on in years, curled up in his lap with a smug look on her face that reminds Castiel an awful lot of her owner. She’s nuzzling Balthazar’s hand in a demanding sort of way. This, he thinks, is Balthazar’s way of telling him that he is at home, that he is comfortable and not panicking or spiraling over his concerns. That he is at peace. He appreciates it.
But there’s no use crying over it now – spilt milk, water under the bridge and all that. Never mind what could have happened.”
He opens the door, hears the creak of the hinges that never fails to shoot him back to miles and miles of open road, of packing up and moving on, of late nights stumbling into motels and early mornings stumbling out. Of his brother rolling up to pick him up from school, pleased as punch that he’d turned heads in the old classic monster.
feel himself getting slicker at the thought of some goddamn
So many emotions flooded over Dean all at once. Confusion, then something very dark and murderous, because even though he didn’t understand – couldn't even
And there is a risk – not an inconsiderable one – that he has, in Dean’s absence, become the exact type of
He’s searching for stability. For approval. Searching for safety. So Castiel holds him carefully, rhythmically ghosts his hand over his nape with a soothing touch. Whispers how proud he is of Dean, how happy the omega makes him. How much he loves him.
Sam comes to a sharp halt in the middle of his room. “Is that…” He clears his throat. “Is that what it sounds like?”
Dean is so tired of this. Tired of his body and his fucked up brain constantly comparing Cas to
“I… I thought he was hurting you,” he admits. “I smelled you on him. And I… I assumed...”
to be.”
his thoughts turning in circles that all seem to loop back to him burying his nose in Cas’s neck and forgetting about the whole damn thing.
This video was a little bit more clear, thankfully, and the officer jumped right to the part where the kid ran across the screen. This time, unlike the last, they caught a look at his face.
“It doesn’t feel real,” Dean says after a while. He’s not looking at Castiel, his attention focused on the plates. Slowly, he turns one in his hand, running the drying cloth along the outer rim. “Feel like I’m gonna wake up any second now.”
no contact papers, of course. No training records. Logically, he knew better. He knew Cas wouldn’t
Ahem.
It doesn’t.
to convince her that she’s misreading things. He looks to Bal for help – for
when he says that he won’t touch him.
Dean’s smile fades. Cas smells embarrassed, and Dean hates that. He’s gotten so much comfort from the alpha, and he doesn’t want Cas to feel any sort of shame about asking for the same.
And then it all comes crashing down, as if the universe is punishing him for having the audacity to hope.
The scent of Cas’s happiness – bright and sunny and sweet as honey – had burst through the room like a firecracker.
Cas is pensive on the drive home, quiet, pressing into the steering wheel like he thinks it might come flying off the dashboard if he doesn’t. Dean can tell he’s holding back questions.
Dean shakes his head, dismissing his apology like he has a few times before, as though he thinks it’s ridiculous that Castiel is even offering it. His shoulders are tight. So are his hands, twisted into the pillow.
didn’t nap,” he says, nudging a book so that it sits flush with the rest on the shelf. It’s definitely not an excuse to keep his back to Cas, or anything. Presentation is important. “And don’t try and tell me you did.”
mind as Castiel’s, but he has not pushed, and the omega has not shared. After their discussion this morning, Dean’s mood had faded from a faint echo of sadness to something darker. More hollow. A mix of emotions that is difficult for him to pick apart. Every time he catches Castiel staring, though, the omega holds his head up a bit higher. Makes an obvious effort to push those scents away, till there’s nothing but faint traces of them in the air.
“Dean is in need of a new wardrobe,” he says, ignoring her raised eyebrows at the odd request. “Jeans, shirts, a warm jacket. Formal wear, if you have it. Shoes, as well.”
When he finally understands, Castiel feels sick.
Okay, can't promise that that's the end of the angst and miscommunication. But it will at least be better for a while, lol.
Scratch that – he’s
Cas wants to free him.
But instead of fury, a thoughtful frown is on his master’s face. “Never. It would be wildly unfair for me to assume that you understand my expectations here, especially because they’re likely very different from anything you’ve experienced. How else are you going to learn, besides asking?”
He settles down against the couch, already more at ease with Cas’s scent curling around him. Eyes drooping, he relaxes, listening to the faint noises of Cas bumbling around in the kitchen, the low murmur of the television in front of him, nearly inaudible.
Castiel hums his agreement, choosing not to bring up his reservations about his ability to care for Dean again. Balthazar had shot him down without mercy the first time he’d argued that he wasn’t fit to foster, and he’ll no doubt do the same now.
“Can I ask what I did to piss you off so bad?” Dean says after a beat of silence. He sounds irritatingly nasal with the shirt against his nose. “Can’t figure it out myself.”
Castiel bursts out, cutting Dean off – his mouth snaps shut, and he stares at Castiel with something close to wariness. “Dean, I could not possibly care
The alpha’s mouth is pressed together in a thin line, and Dean knows he’s done something wrong but for the life of him he can’t figure out what it is. Not that it matters. He could breathe the wrong way and that would be justification for his master to hurt him. Hell, he could do everything exactly
“I don’t know how to help him,” Castiel finds himself admitting, his voice soft. “Don’t know what the right thing to do is.”
“I mean that mated pairs are currently undergoing the process of building nests. Those who choose to are copulating more often in hopes of producing a fledgeling.”
eyes flashing red, scent sharp and
And wouldn’t that have been the dream. To earn money with a paycheck, to pay his friggin’ taxes. He’d longed for that kind of stability, longed for a day where he wouldn’t have to put food on the table by stealing it, or by using himself in ways that, even all these years later, he still can’t even think about without feeling sick. He’d hoped for it, but he hadn’t expected it. He can count on one hand the number of places he saw while growing up that employed male omegas, and can’t think of any who let them do what people usually consider a
of the curb,” Dean muses, and Castiel laughs with him. When their chuckles die down, Dean is loose and limp against him, clearly exhausted. He can’t quite help but lift his hand to the back of Dean’s head for just a moment, running his fingers through his soft hair.
when he meets Dean’s eyes.
The alpha doesn’t even twitch. Dean hesitantly puts a hand on his back, rubbing up and down a few times like Cas has so often done for him. It feels strange – though maybe not as strange as it should. “Cas, come on. Wakey wakey.”
When he finally gives in, he holds his breath. Flighty and hesitant, he pumps some soap in his hand and wraps it around the base of his cock. He waits for a second, swallowing against the swoop of fear that is still instinctive, pressing his other palm against the cool tile of the shower wall to steady himself.
Like, multiple times. An arm around my shoulders ain’t exactly crossing my lines.”
glad to be on suppressants, back in the day – you got
. So, what were you actually doing?”
him,” the younger alpha finally insists, caught somewhere between appalled and indignant. “I wouldn’t.”
For the first time since arriving, he’s alone in the den and not choking on his own terror or passed out from exhaustion. He takes the opportunity to look around. The place is… nice. Warm and dark and spacious, shelves of books all over the place. Aside from that, though, the room is largely empty. There are no pictures on the walls, no art, none of the personal detritus and bric-a-brac that usually makes up a person’s home.
He grins. “Some of the same ones that have been willing to pay
in his chest. That means that Cas has only ever scented
Trying to settle himself, he takes in a breath of Castiel’s honey warm scent. His heart slows almost immediately. He wants to lean in a little closer, so he does, and he’s struck by the urge to rest his head against the alpha’s knee–
Luckily, alphas tend to like that.
“Good, I think. They seemed more relaxed after talking, that's for sure.”
“I didn’t mean he had to go forever, Dean. Just that it might be best if he steps outside for a few moments,” Novak says slowly, his demeanor so different than when he’d spoken to Sam. Dean’s hands are wrapped up in the man’s shirt, like he’s… like he’s trying to make sure Novak himself doesn’t go anywhere. “Just so everyone can calm down a little,” he adds, and he squeezes Dean’s arms, just a little, to punctuate his point.
Letting loose a breath, Dean slides the food toward himself – a sandwich of some sort, some kind of meat and cheese and lettuce. There’s chips, too, and sliced carrots with dressing. The visual of the alpha in front of him squeezing ranch into the fussy little ramekins makes him feel sort of hysterical.
“I think you should leave,” he growls.
On the other, it’s suspicion that Cas simply doesn’t deserve. Dean knows better than to think that the alpha would ever do anything like what Balthazar might be imagining, and Balthazar should know it too.
Cas cuts in, or at least tries to. “That's not true. You’re healing, Dean, and it will take time for you to –”
Reprimands for his
There are a few calls from potential customers, a few more from people looking to source parts. He jots those down in neat little lines, name and number and query all in a row. Here and there, he gets a message from a hunter who Bobby intentionally “forgot” to give his cell number to – those he deletes without mercy, knowing his uncle won’t be interested in helping them out. He grins when he hears a message from Jo toward the end that consists mainly of a complaint that Bobby wasn’t out at the Roadhouse a few nights ago.
if he decided to take something for himself
two will be my next victim,” he joked.
“Dean!” she interrupts, sounding genuinely pleased. “I didn’t expect to hear from you right away.”
“Understatement,” Dean muttered, and Sam shot him a glare.
he just kneels, exactly like he’s been trained, fingers splayed out on the dirty ground to hold him up. But when the alpha leans forward, when he grabs the back of Dean’s hair to angle him toward his bulging pants, Dean’s desperation outweighs his trained obedience. He starts begging.
been frightened. He’d postured, and he’d paced, and he’d shouted, but what had looked like fury had really been frustration and fear. He can still smell it in the air – a warped, caustic scent that had burned his nose. Can still feel his ears ring at the broken fury and
He’s not like any master Dean’s ever had, and he doesn’t care about what he’s
“Sorry, sorry,” Dean had whispered, his eyes squeezed shut. “Sorry, Cas. Alpha. Sorry.”
He shelves the last book in the living room, and stands back to look. The wall to wall shelving is filled with tomes, just as it’d been when he first arrived. Only, now, they’re organized by topic, and are all facing in the right directions, and none of them are dusty.
Well rested and bright-eyed, the omega looks around the kitchen curiously. His hair is wet and his cheeks are still flushed from his morning shower, and he smells like toothpaste and apples. Castiel smiles at him and, shyly, Dean smiles
makes his soul bright with pride and aching gratitude. His heart nearly flips upside down when Dean folds himself into Castiel’s arms and buries his nose into the crook of his neck, unprompted – his hands twist into the back of his shirt hard enough that Castiel can feel the pull.
he feels like this, though he’s fuzzy on the details. He yawns, stretching his arms above his head, and the movement makes the water in the tub slosh around.
“But he spent his… he had a heat. With you,” Sam continues slowly. “While living with you.”
He has to read it more than once. Has to read it three or four times, actually, because he’s not sure he understands it at all. Could be because his brain is fried from all the shit that’s happened during the past couple of days… could be that he just doesn’t want to accept it.
When Castiel steps out into the hall, Sam looks up at him with wide, pleading eyes. The man is torn to shreds. He’s sitting on the floor, hunched forward, his face pale.
hadn’t made a single sound.
It’s the first time he’s done so in far too long. First time in years that he’s been in a car at
lied about waking him up. It had been nearly eight by the time Cas had given in, anyway, and Dean figured the alpha needed all the sleep he could get.
Dean didn’t exactly look bothered by that revelation. “What is it? Just a, uh,” he chucked, “a kink in the works, so to speak?”
Claire appraises him, taking another bite of her wrap and chewing it for a while before she speaks again. “You think it’s
He flinches, simultaneously horrified at the thought and guilty for the number of times it has crossed his mind over the last few weeks. As if reading his mind, Balthazar huffs, his upper lip half rising from his teeth as if he’s going to accuse him. But, before he can, Pam raises an eyebrow at the omega. His sneer turns into a scowl, but he deflates like she’s popped him with a pin.
Dean shrugs, looking away. His cheeks are bright red, he can tell. “It’s… it makes it easier, I guess. It’ll shut my brain up.”
He takes one last look at the stupid purple get-up before pulling it off with a grimace.
Not many alphas are patient enough to play the long game that something like that requires, so those cases are, thankfully, few and far between. But it still happens – especially these days, when free and unclaimed omegas are getting harder and harder to come by. Too many of them married off before they were ready, too many gifted like dowries rather than courted and wooed and
The next chapter is from Castiel's perspective, and is nearly double the length of this one. Consistent chapter lengths who?? Not I.
has got to be tiring. But her voice is perfectly patient when she responds. “Claire, we discussed this. Kaia is perfectly fine with talking to Benny.”
By the time his uncle returns, Sam’s got a full spread ready to go. He grins into his coffee as Bobby loads up his plate and plops down, a sigh escaping him.
Bemused, Castiel follows Dean out of the kitchen, down the hall. The omega lingers outside of Castiel’s room door for a moment, and then pushes it open and strides purposefully inside.
Fuck it. He
right.
It doesn’t
about him?”
The only thought in his mind, right now, is that he doesn’t want Dean to stay in this headspace any longer than he already has.
“How magnanimous of you,” Cassie says flatly. After a moment, though, he relents, sighing. “I’m worried about him.”
Castiel waves him off. “Any time, Kevin, and I mean that.”
can’t call up the image of Cas holding him in his arms like he can with every other time that’s happened. And it’s not because Dean was panicking – he’s done that often enough, and still, those moments with Cas are crystal fucking clear, high definition memories of safety and security that he’s gonna treasure for the rest of his life.
even then, and the resulting wave of pleasure is like an electric current.
frustrated afterwards.
Dean thinks Novak is, Sam understands the ugly truth in front of him. Dean is more vulnerable than he’s ever been.
He swallows. “I asked for things,” he admits.
, and not the case in most other places.”
tells the alpha his master won’t like that. That he is
“You’re doing very well,” he murmurs, a quick rub on the man’s arm to back up his words. “I know this is difficult for you. Hannah is a friend. She’s not interested in causing a problem for us.”
“Sam, you absolutely
He finds himself drawn to it for reasons he doesn’t completely understand. Finds himself walking over the creaking boards, freezing water all around him. One slip and the icy plunge would rip his breath away.
what it feels like to be the center of Dean’s world, forgotten what it feels like to be a younger brother. He’s forgotten what it feels like to be effortlessly known, and the reminder has him blinking back tears.
“Fine,” she mutters, after a moment. “But don’t cry when I kick your ass.”
From there, he’s helped over to the nylon covered examination bed. Pamela stands back and appraises him for a moment, her hands on her hips. “How are you feeling?”
to him? And Dean popped a fucking
“Like you can talk!” Sam all but shouts. “Every word out of your
“Here’s something,” Charlie says a few minutes later, breaking the silence – and interrupting Sam from typing his email address incorrectly into an online application for the fourth time in a row. He’s slightly distracted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean hadn’t resisted anything they’d done to him at the auction house. He’d passively allowed them to drag him into the room, hadn’t protested when they shoved him down to his knees. But when he’d been ordered to his feet, he’d stumbled, and a handler had impatiently jerked him up off the floor by his collar. Dean
He, unfortunately,
Blinking hard, Dean swallows the sudden lump in his throat and swipes at his eyes, horrified that he’s crying, bewildered as to
Dean whines lowly. He’s probably flushed all the way down to his chest. He flicks his eyes at Alfie – the kid is very abruptly trying to look busy. He turns to move a stack of papers and knocks his knee loudly into a filing cabinet, his face at
Castiel can’t deny it, as miserable as he feels, so he doesn’t. But he doesn’t feel relieved by it – if anything, he feels a little worse. Perhaps Balthazar senses that, because he continues. “The kid is in
He isn’t, but he nods – this isn’t about him. Pamela gives him a sympathetic look anyway. “Let’s go take a look at him.”
“It’s worked well enough for the other people I’ve counseled.”
She huffs. “‘Cause there’s just so much to be fuckin’ jazzed about,” she mutters.
He holds back a sigh. As necessary as her input will be, Castiel doesn’t really want to leave Dean alone for
Dean laughs, hauling himself up and bending forward to gather his trash, his phone trapped between his ear and his shoulder. A small wave of vertigo hits him, just for a second, but it’s enough for him to have to place his hand on the small table to steady himself. He blinks it away after a moment. “Uh, no. He was just going over blocks. We got a little overenthusiastic.”
Castiel opens his mouth. Closes it. Opens it again. It’s so damn wrong for Dean to be apologizing that he has no idea where to begin. No idea how to explain to the man that there’s no one here at fault except for Castiel himself.
Afraid of more than just what he’s doing right now – afraid of doing what Benny has asked of him. He’s terrified that if he opens up that box he’s not going to be able to close it.
you spineless creep, you – you fucking
He ducked into the bathroom and made quick work of the shower. The water in the motel was
After several more perfect, achingly long minutes, Cas’s pace began to stutter, to lose its rhythm. Dean watched, transfixed, as Cas pulled roughly downwards and stilled, gasping as he came in ropes of white. It landed between them and washed slowly down the drain.
place, Cas. The
This evening is no different than the five or six before it. He follows Dean to his bedroom, hands him a cup of tea that he rarely drinks. Dean sets it next to his glass of water on the nightstand – a welcome habit he’s developed. And then he settles down under the covers and closes his eyes, listening silently as Castiel reads through his book, his scent spiraling down from anxious to calm the longer they go.
And though his voice is twisted with anger and sarcasm, he doesn’t add anything more, doesn’t try to make Castiel answer for what he’d said and done after. But Castiel
, heart pounding in his ears so loud that he can’t make out what Cas is saying to the unfamiliar man on the porch.
“Would you like to come in?”
Sam clenches his jaw. “Excuse me for saying it, but I’m not really the type to take someone like
“I thought you were gonna beat the shit outta me,” he blurts, and while Cas flinches, he doesn’t tell him to stop. So Dean doesn’t. “I thought – I thought I’d fucked up so bad, Cas. And, I mean, you remember. I wigged out. I don’t even – I don’t
“I know you have one hell of a hickey on your neck,” Sam pointed out flatly, shaking out the paper to straighten the pages.
Maybe for Dean, it is. He sits down on the couch. Looks down at the omega, a little nervous.
“No,” he croaks, and it’s like tearing off duct tape.
“In English?”
safe here. It’s okay if you don’t believe me yet, though I hope I can earn your trust eventually.”
But Dean, being Dean, worked in silence. Actually, it was so comfortable that somehow, despite how twisted the whole situation was, time slipped by and Cas eventually relaxed. Dean’s touch was nothing like his own harsh tug, he was so light, skimming across the feathers, burrowing close to the skin of the wings. Ten years was a very long time to go without physical touch, and now Cas soaked it in, became drunk off of it.
Pamela’s hand on his arm startles him so badly that he wrenches back, sucking in a breath so fast that he nearly chokes on it. He tenses, waits for a reprimand, but she takes a step away from him with her hands raised instead.
Dean,” Sam interrupted, peeved. “And they aren’t
It’s only then that it clicks – the gate isn’t to keep omegas
“I just –
Dean does so automatically, following the gentle suggestion like it’s an order. It doesn’t help in the slightest. He does his damn best to look calm, though, because he thinks that’s what Benny was angling for. In that moment, he’s incredibly grateful that the man is a beta and can’t sniff out the truth – grateful that Benny has no idea that staring at him on the ground, while Dean is
for how he’s treated Cas. He’s angry at his inability to take care of his own problems. He’s frustrated that he’s unable to show gratitude the way he should.
But, at the end of the day, it wouldn’t matter to Cas that he was
Dean looks up at him with bright eyes, the green vivid against his flushed cheeks. The gold is more prominent now that Dean has calmed down a little, and looking at the little ring of metallic shine makes something inside of him ache with longing.
Boy howdy we sure did fit a lot of emotion in here. Excuse me while I go into hiding so that none of you find and murder me :D
Guiltily, he loosened his grip, and the child crumpled to the ground at his feet.
Dean, of course, picks up on his guilt. He squeezes Castiel a little harder, mumbles, “S’not your fault, Cas. I shouldn't've been
clothes, by
those days, though, Castiel knows that the fierce, furious expression is covering up something far more vulnerable.
That thought scares him. Dean had
for years. Being here, with Cas? Away from everything and everyone that could conceivably hurt him? It’s
“I understand. You’re safe here, though. I won’t let anything happen to you, and… and you can trust that I won’t… take advantage.”
it was whiskey.
“Thanks.”
When they’d finally stumbled into the house, Dean had reached out and squeezed his arm – a silent plea to be put down. So he’d gently lowered him to the floor, had steadied him as he’d found his balance. And Dean had stepped away from him, arms limp at his sides, his gait a little stumbling.
with everything inside of him, that he can believe them. Cas wouldn’t lie.
Dean had thought…
He likes it a lot. Probably more than he should.
“A friggin’ sunburn ain’t exactly a hardship, considering some of the other shit I’ve dealt with,” he says easily, settling back with his hands behind his head. He’s determined to enjoy this – it’s been far too long since he’s been able to. But even as he relaxes, Cas tenses up, his scent curling with something far too close to anger.
drivel. Still,” he continues moodily, “it
, as though it is that easy.
This is just a filler, but I wanted to get Dean's thoughts on the whole event in here somehow. They are progressing in the right direction, but our boy is still more than a little lost...
found him,” he corrects belatedly, shakily. “You – I mean,
Sam knows that a lot of that has to do with his own growth – he himself is a hell of a lot taller, obviously, and a hell of a lot older, so it’s only natural that Dean would seem smaller than in his memory. But it isn’t just about height, isn’t just about their ages.
Castiel winces. He’d hoped Dean hadn’t noticed, but he should have known better. They don’t step apart from one another until they can hear Hannah returning from the back, a large pile of clothing in her arms. There appears to be everything from jeans to ties to a pair of sturdy boots involved, and she deposits them in Dean’s arms with a cheery smile that seems a little forced. “Wanna go try these on for me, sport?”
Unlike the last time they did this, Dean doesn’t pull himself together and retreat red faced from the room after he calms down. Instead, his body simply goes limp. He hides in Castiel’s neck when he tries to pull back and look at the omega, holding him tighter so that Castiel cannot move him far enough away to see his face. So he sits still and strokes his hair for a long time, waiting until Dean relaxes completely against him.
Cas was lost somewhere in the world of sensuality. He leaned back, let the water take the weight of his body, let his soaked wings drift in the gentle pull of the waves. He dipped his head back, spread his arms wide, stretched his fingers out over the surface of the water. He floated, entirely unaware of his surroundings until there was a loud splash and a spray of water rained down over his chest and face.
“Yeah, well. When you invent your time machine, stop by Lebanon, Virginia, about eleven years ago, and give teenage me a stern talking-to.” And a couple dozen grand, he doesn’t say, but he thinks Cas gets the picture, because his jaw tightens.
Dean looks at him, his eyes wet and green as the soft moss in the forest, as the grass in the springtime. “I love you.”
There’s nothing wrong with that, he thinks. Castiel himself struggles with change. Nothing is more evident than that when he thinks about how long it has taken him to make Dean feel truly comfortable here. The familiar guilt sits at the back of his mind like a lead weight.
Once upon a time, Dean was going to be a mechanic, was going to go to school and open up his own shop. Once upon a time, Dean was a provider. Once upon a time, he was useful, resourceful, and willingly sacrificed his happiness and his schooling and his health for his family, did anything and
Kevin whistles. “Damn. I wonder how he got into freeing slaves? It seems so wild that a rich alpha like him would–”
Dean gave him a sheepish smile. “They… looked so soft,” he said. “Are soft,” he added, staring down at the little feathers under his hand in obvious fascination. Castiel couldn’t help but close his eyes again at the feeling – even after hours of Dean combing through his wings, every brush of his fingertips on his feathers felt like a promise.
“Tell me where you are,” he commands gently, and Dean’s so fucking grateful to not have to choose this.
Trained, sure. Alastair had more than seen to that. But eager? No.
“This, Dean. I’m. I thought I could keep… keep a lid on it but I
hours of sleep because of that last round of intake–”
“That’s
is enough ammunition to last Balthazar several weeks.
And Dean
Dean furrows his brow at her, watching as she taps away. “What’re you doin’?”
“I can show you some other parts of the facility through the security cameras,” he offers, still keen to gain the man’s trust as much as he can. He’s well aware that Sam’s tolerance for being stalled is dwindling, but Castiel intends to give Dean every second possible to prepare himself.
“Um. I don’t. Um.” He can’t get the words out – they’re tangled up, tripping over whatever is lodged in his chest.
That thought should probably shame him, but feels pathetically good to be in the sunshine and
made for no other purpose than to get fucked with their necks held down.
do so.”
than enough when Balthazar had leafed through it with a tense, tactfully blank expression on his face, gathering information – only to tell him he could expect the worst. Anything that makes Bal green around the gills is something Castiel would like very much to avoid.
Dean remembers all too well what the man’s reaction had been like when he’d figured out Dean had wanted to go to school to become a mechanic. The way his eyes had flamed when the pamphlet from that stupid career fair at the high school had fallen out of his backpack, an unthinkable lapse that had cost him dearly. So, no. He doesn’t think John would have let Sammy go all the way to California to go to school – and that’s gotta mean that Bobby took him in after all.
him the first time he’d apologized. Probably not. He’d probably been too scared and overwhelmed to understand much of anything. “For yelling.” For accusing him of the one thing Dean probably feared the most. “For the way I behaved.”
He can’t imagine what it would take to break this man down into the
Not everyone is as easy of a target as Dean is.
Tentative, he reaches out to touch his hand. “We… If you wanted to. I could try and find Sam, or–”
know that, yes? Couldn’t possibly have forgotten,
Sam rushed to the end of his exorcism, and the demon let out an unearthly, frustrated scream as the final words fell from the man’s lips. Black smoke seemed to pour
he would give a shit – if Dean kicks it, or figures it out, the alpha’s got to start this process all over again with another broken omega who is too desperate for kindness to realize what’s happening right in front of their face.
“Yeah, but not for kidnapping a
“If… if you don’t, that’s okay,” Cas is saying. “You can have as much time as you need. I… you weren’t answering, and it worried me. So I came home to check on you. But I can go back. And sleep overnight at the center. Or for even longer than that if you –”
owns the place. Dean wonders if the omega belongs to his master, too – a past project?
do to him that Alastair or his other masters hasn’t done already? His jaw tightens, and his stubbornness is as familiar as it is dangerous – he looks up to meet Castiel’s gaze.
Regardless of Castiel’s motivations and his long term plan, whatever it might be, Dean can’t avoid the fact that this is the best he’s had it. Pretty much
let alone cut things with any sort of precision, and he’s almost certain he shouldn’t allow Dean to –
All he knows is that it makes him edge closer, makes him kneel carefully in front of the alpha. A scant few inches from Cas’s face, he stays there for a good long while. He even leans and tips over till he’s sitting, instead of kneeling, and rests his chin on the couch cushions.
Dean fiddles with the controls on the car door, flicking the lock on and off a few times before he drops his hand back in his lap with a sigh. The heater chugs away, and after a while, he has to shuck Cas’s jacket before he starts to sweat. He feels bare without it.
He whispers the name like a curse, like the mere sound could summon him – and in that tiny word alone, Castiel can hear the echo of
“Why not?”
The bandana and vapor rub are easy to locate, thankfully. He spreads the vics on the inside of the fabric and under his nose for good measure, and ties the paisley blue cloth over his face. It’s not exactly pleasant, but he has to admit that he already feels more in control of himself when the sweet, thick smell of
“Oh,” Dean says softly.
that you can, uh. Do that again. ‘Cause I might not really be able to understand what’s going on enough to say it, at that point. Pam kinda made it seem like I’d be pretty out of it.”
When Rick returns, he reads off the final parts of the contracts without wasting any time. Clearly, they’re trying to get Castiel out of here as soon as possible; and Castiel can’t say that he minds. He doesn’t hear much of what the man says, glazes over the listing of regulations and Dean’s final price and collar options. He waives his right to preview the entirety of the man’s file, which causes the handlers to share a look – he knows he’s
Dean that he matters to all the people who were a part of life, that he hasn’t been forgotten. But he doesn’t get the chance, because suddenly the door is swinging open and Novak is back already.
She gives him a crutch to use to hobble, but even then Cas hovers at his side, as if he’s sure that at any moment Dean will fall on his ass. Dean tries to find that irritating, but it’s honestly just comforting.
Dean grits his teeth. Pushes Cas off of him, wiping angrily at the tears that have been streaming down his face despite his best efforts. “None of that
terrifying. The pure exhaustion he’d felt, bone deep, and the satisfying drift into sleep afterwards.
It is
Castiel sighs quietly to himself. “Wonderful.”
Sighing, Sam runs a tired hand through his hair. Slips his hand through his shirt collar and fiddles with his necklace, an idle, self soothing motion that he’s done since he was twelve years old and came home from science camp to find it on his pillow, and his big brother gone.
Like things made more sense. It… I always calm down.”
Dean feels his world narrow to a pinprick as he takes in the alpha in the doorway, gripping the frame. He takes another stumbling step away from them both, then another, till he’s in the middle of the room. His chest is heaving.
I hope you enjoy this week's chapter, folks. Things are looking up for our two favorite dudes - they're over the main hurdles, I think. Now it's a matter of starting the process of surrounding Dean with all the folks he loves and who love him... *rubs hands together* I can't WAIT.
Pamela sighs. “The both of you are so determined to make the other person’s choice for them,” she says, shaking her head. “Did it ever occur to you to just see what
Let alone something he knows Dean needs.
to convince his master that he’s worth it, that he can be good enough not to be punished, good enough to be treated like something that might be human. Only he’s not sure how to overcome the obvious weight of his worth
suspicious when he’d given up after only a few minutes of arguing, not at all convinced that he planned to stay in Sioux Falls. It had taken a firm reminder that he didn’t have access to a car that would even
“Didn’t mean to make it weird,” Dean says, once his mouth isn’t full. His voice is raspy, but at least he’s talking – whatever spell had been hovering over him seems to have faded. “‘Dunno what that was, exactly. My brain isn’t…” he waves his hand a bit in a vague motion, but gives up on trying to find the right words after a moment, his palm falling back into his lap. “Just tired, is all.”
At first, he’s concerned that this is crossing a line, that he is yet again pushing too far. But, to his relief, Dean goes willingly, not even putting up a token protest. He just snakes his arms around Castiel’s middle and breathes in his scent at the crook of his shoulder, sagging against him.
be just his luck, to fall ass over tea kettle for a man who is never going to be able to feel the same. But he guesses that’s okay. Dean’s kind of used to this – to loving people more than they’re ever gonna love him.
“Where is he?” she asks him brusquely, bag in hand and glasses pushed up to her forehead haphazardly. Her beta scent is soothing and neutral, perfect for the job; it even calms Castiel down a little.
“I would like to give you a massage, if you’re amenable.”
together, who exchange comforting touches instead of painful ones, who enjoy each other’s company.
The kitchen is even more impersonal than the living room, not even a colorful potholder to break up the monotony. There are several take-out menus on the fridge and Dean gets the odd feeling that Castiel doesn’t cook for himself as much as he’s cooked for Dean in the short time that he’s been here. It’s another thing about the alpha that doesn’t add up with anything Dean knows about the way they’re supposed to behave.
Dean is beginning to think that convincing Cas to let him do this by himself was a mistake.
Dean makes a half strangled noise. “I don’t think–”
With a supreme amount of difficulty, Castiel drags his eyes back up from Dean’s mouth. “Oh, I
Dean’s lightness dissipates like smoke, and whatever fragile smile he’d had on his face disappears. He takes a breath, but he doesn’t agree. He just sits there, staring at the plate.
Sam opens his mouth to tell her just that. Really, he does. But all that comes out is a half aborted little sound, so small that it’s a wonder she even hears it.
But, no matter how much he tries to pretend otherwise, it
always done that, but at least he’d known when he was breaking the rules. Had known when there would be consequences. It didn’t matter that some of the rules were impossible to follow – there had been a sick kind of security in knowing what was coming, even if it was gonna hurt. But now, he doesn’t even have that.
“I can be good,” he says, and his voice is shaking. “Just – give me a chance. I can do it. I can make you feel good, alpha, please. Please let me t-try. I know you c-can’t use me right, but
How stupid is he? He
Dean gives him a grateful, shaky smile, and glances up and down the hall. There’s a door at the end of the hall that’s all glass, lined with rubber and metal that makes Dean think it’s meant to keep inside and outside scents separated. There’s a vent above it, probably for the same purpose. He supposes it’s pretty important to keep omegas that are already injured from freaking out if they smelled an alpha like Cas, and equally important to keep the scent of omegas in pain away from everyone else. Dean hasn’t spent much time with actual doctors, but he remembers similar set ups from the few times he’d visited a hospital as a kid.
you?”
If he’s gonna be a free man – and it’s a pretty big
But Pam looks dead serious. “Yes. Your opinion matters a lot to him, Dean. He’s terrified that he’s going to scare you.”
He gives a surreptitious glance at Dean – the omega is still curled into himself, his eyes closed.
As the omega pushes off in a seemingly random direction to go pick out yet
Cassie, of course, immediately understands what he’s getting at. He glances at Dean. “Would you mind, Dean? It won’t take me long.”
he’d made his feelings on the subject loud and clear.
The alpha’s shoulders relax at that. “That’s… good. I’m glad.” He examines his plate, glances at Dean’s still empty one. “Does it help when I portion your food out for you? You seem less… uncomfortable.”
“Married, huh?” he said, aiming for joking and coming off as more strangled than anything. “Wonder what gave the kid that idea.”
Castiel’s voice is soft, as usual. A little worried. Of course, the alpha can smell his ramped up anxiety. Dean bites his cheek and tries to get ahold of himself. Castiel has already
him! What
Cas frowns. Takes his hand. He doesn’t even pull away when Dean flinches – there’s a tiny part of his brain that’s still expecting a blow.
Dean bites the inside of his cheek. He’d actually been trying to be honest, there, but it turns out there is a wrong answer to these kinds of questions. “I mean, I don’t know, Cas. I’m good with whatever you give me.”
“I don’t have any questions,” Dean mutters, finally dropping his gaze. It isn’t true, but he doesn’t want to give in to the beta’s attempt at conversation. He’s doing this because Balthazar wants him to, because
and that would be...”
at you,” Sam chokes, like he’s ripping something out of his chest. “Like you’re his – his fucking sun, his Northern star. Like you’re his
Dean stares at him. “But…”
Dean takes a long, steadying breath.
He plops a cutting board down on the counter. Digs a paring knife out of the dishpan. Warning signals flash in Castiel’s brain – the omega’s hands are shaking. He hardly seems to be able to
Castiel picks up his fork and tells himself to get a grip. He is well aware that he is
Instead, it’d been one of Alastair’s gang that had caught him.
a spindly blur in grey barrelled towards them. It knocked straight into Sam, toppling him onto his ass like a felled tree. Sam landed with a grunt, rolled, and stood again, ready to fight.
This is
It looks, Castiel realizes, like something he has done many times before. His heart twists.
“Oh, come on, Cas,” he protests weakly. He doesn’t want to think about this anymore. Doesn’t want to move backwards, because Cas literally just spent hours making him
Heart pounding in his chest, Sam keeps his head held high and meets the omega’s eyes. He doesn’t say anything, just waiting for Balthazar to make the next move. And apparently, the omega recognizes his strategy, because he laughs.
that the water can’t have been as hot as he remembers – it would have killed him, if it had been, because he’d probably been verging on hypothermia by the time his master had dragged him inside. But God, he remembers the pain. Remembers a thousand needles in his skin as feeling returned to his body, remembers thrashing in the water and crying and begging to be let up.
“Yes. That brother-sister pair from the private auction just hung their tags. But Jody’s toying with the idea of taking her home to foster. She thinks Claire could use the company.”
Sam stands in front of the looming shape in the darkness in the darkness, his hands in his coat pockets.
him – there’s no way he’ll be taken at his word for something even more unbelievable than that.
Finally! I plan on posting chapter 42 early because I'm (actually!) mostly done with that bad boy, and you guys deserve it after all the nice things you said to me. Have a good one!
of floor cushions, a hundred different colors and shapes and sizes listed on whatever online store he's looking at. It seems crazy to Dean that there’s this much variety for something so simple. Leaning back after a while, a little bit dizzy at all the different options, Dean decides to watch Cas instead. He smiles at what he sees.
Sam starts forward, reaches out on instinct – and Dean flinches back from his hand, his chest heaving, a half formed protest pulled from his lips like an arrow from a wound. His fear is a slap to the face. It’s sour and acidic and
The emotions that flurried over him were so dizzying that Cas stumbled back.
there, bud.”
His hands twitch on either side of him at the thought. The carpet feels strange under his fingertips, and with a sick lurch he understands that’s because he isn’t used to them being free. To not having his arms twisted behind his back, either with restraints or commands. He’s never been in this position with the freedom to get
did they bomb them?”
Dean swallows. His hands are shaking in his lap – he notices for the first time when he stares down at them. “This won’t… this won’t be like that?”
“I– yeah,” Sam blurts. “I… I really wouldn’t have,” he insists, his voice a little smaller, though it sounds closer to the phone – less furious, and more horrified. “Shit. I’m not that type of…”
Heartbeat thudding in his ears, he doesn’t realize he’s stopped in his tracks until Balthazar eyes him, a slightly wary expression on his face. “Cassie–”
what his master wants.
“I know,” Dean reassures him, knocking his shoulder into Cas’s. He rests his head on the man’s shoulder, snuggling a little deeper into his jacket and sighing contentedly at the smell and warmth of familiar comfort. “I know, Cas.”
“You’re right. I apologize.”
The spell breaks, at least for a moment. Dean draws in a deep lungful of air, and lets it out in one harsh breath through his nose, shaking his head as he does so. “Come
He’s in the shower now, after retreating with his tail between his legs from Castiel’s office, head aching from crying, muscles weak from shaking. The alpha had let him go with no comment, but his touch had lingered; Dean can feel it even now, buzzing against his cheek, his upper arm where Castiel had wrapped a hand and held him tight to his chest; can still feel the fingers in his hair, the palm pressed into his side.
Back to this, then. Castiel holds back a grimace. He doesn’t understand Dean’s conviction that he’s supposed to be working – somehow, it hadn’t occurred to him that Dean would be anything but relieved to have no responsibilities. “You won’t be punished for inactivity,” he tries, wondering if that’s where this anxiety is stemming from.
out of the child, but once it finally dissipated, his little body slumped in Dean’s arms like a sack of potatoes.
“I told your boys I’d have the money by next week, didn’t I? Now get yourself and your bruiser off my fucking porch.”
Sorry. Balthazar is going to
He presses his forehead into his knees, squeezing his legs closer to himself as misery crushes him. And he’d probably have stayed like that for hours.
Apparently ignorant to his roiling stomach, Pamela is already moving on. “Right. Okay, on to a slightly harder question, which, to be honest, I just want to get out of the way early on.”
The alpha blinks, obviously surprised at the overtly snarky words from Dean. And maybe it’s just because he’s had a stressful couple of days, but he immediately feels sick. “I – Sorry, I just–”
and he’d been
Bobby lets him stew for a minute or so, waiting till Sam can breathe again without feeling like there’s something stuck in his throat. “I’m just… I’m tired of watching you kill yourself over this, Sam.”
Scott sniffed, wiping at their face. “I’m really gonna miss you guys.”
even though he has every right. He could have with no provocation, anyway, but Dean has also fucked up royally. His behavior over the last couple days –
Some omegas, like Balthazar, were brave enough to risk it. But Dean’s never had the guts.
“I know. Looks just like a –”
Dean was.
The most they talk is when Dean joins him for breakfast down in the kitchen. He appears around the same time every morning next to Castiel’s chair, close enough for the alpha to feel his warmth through his pants – though not quite close enough to touch, not since that afternoon with Balthazar. And every day, Castiel gets up, makes them both breakfast, and slowly nicks away at Dean’s iron defenses.
“Not weak,” Castiel corrects softly, setting the mug down next to his own on the carpet. Dean tucks his hands around his ribs, taking a shallow, short breath, and leaning away like his words hurt to hear. “Not at all. How other people treat you is not your fault, Dean.”
the case, he’ll get a
at him.
“Have you ever seen one of these be performed?”
Sent as nothing but a soldier to protect the angels who were appointed for your extraction.” Cas looked at Dean, looked deep into his eyes, hoping he would understand. “If things had gone differently, then there may have been another way but… I was the only angel to survive.”
than readily agreed to that – partially out of respect to Balthazar’s discomfort, and partially out of concern as to how
He can’t
am the one who crossed a boundary. Ten years ago. It has not been… easy to keep myself in check since then, but I have always done it. For you. And tonight I let my own desires run rampant and I’ve… taken this from you. I cannot take anything more.”
“‘S fine.” He yawns, sitting up, but he doesn’t go very far. He leans into Castiel’s space, unashamedly plastering himself against his side. Castiel adjusts so his arm is securely wrapped around him. “What’s so funny?” he asks again, a little more awake.
Dean cocks his head to the side. “How long have you been doing this?”
Slave tags. A
You have so much love inside of you, so much kindness. And you will heal. This is not your end, Dean. It is your beginning.”
Dean’s asleep before he can reply.
“Can you do something for me?” Dean nods immediately. “If you ever want me to stop touching you, you absolutely have to say so.”
huh? Tell me more about that, Cas.”
from Dean, rather than toward him.
to hold on to, because Cas set a brutal pace and kept it going. There was nothing soft about it. Nothing slow, nothing sweet, nothing considerate at
blankets on top of those clean bits of bedding anyway.
Claire makes a face. “You didn’t do anything.”
He doesn’t think so. He thinks Dean would be far better off at the campus, with trained betas and omegas that would be able to help him through his journey to freedom with actual expertise and astronomically less fear. But that isn’t an option right now, so instead, he decides to accept her wisdom and stop looking for an out. He breathes out. “Okay.”
apparently, because Cas gives him a sharp look a moment later, his eyes narrowed.
Balthazar’s cavalier tone would bother Castiel if he didn’t know firsthand that it was all bluster. Though he’s a little prickly, Bal is easily the best resource he has in terms of relating to omegas. He cares, and cares deeply, and Castiel knows it. So he takes the man’s words as the reassurance they are and allows some of the unease to trickle out of his chest, and replies in the same light tone.
Castiel sounded
He wants to be a good omega. Too bad he’s got no friggin’ clue how to do that.
His smile fades.
no different than a collar. In fact, it’s
takes up the whole first line, and under it, he sees Cas’s phone number. His address.
Dean turns a little pinker at those words, and Castiel has to swallow down the urge to do something insanely inappropriate. He shakes himself, resolutely ignoring the coiling in his gut. “It’s not about what I want, though.”
He barely thinks, just pulls Dean to his chest and holds him there. For a moment, Dean does not move – he passively allows Castiel to maneuver him, unresponsive. But it takes only seconds for his stunned sort of stillness to wear off. Guilt crawls back into his scent all too quickly, and he gently pushes Castiel away. Wipes at his tears with an angry movement, turning back toward the counter.
“I can’t stay, Cas,” Dean mumbles into his shirt. “I’m – I’m like
No matter how kind he might be, or how gentle his words might sound, he knows that Dean will feel it like a backhand. Like a rejection. And Castiel cannot abide that.
He can’t
Sam nodded, writing down something on his notepad. Dean couldn’t tell if he was just doodling, or if his nerd of a brother was actually taking notes. “You said there was security footage of the suspect this time, right?” Sam asked, glancing up at the man with his eyebrows raised expectantly.
murderous rage. You were
Heart in his throat, Dean dashes around the back of the house to the other side, moving as quietly as he can. He can hide in the bushes under the window in the dining room and watch what’s going on, hopefully
loves Bobby so much in this moment that he feels like he’s breaking to pieces all over again. “Thank God,” he repeats. “I was so afraid that…”
, his scent curling and shuddering with shame and pain, something dangerous and broken there. Something bordering on hopelessness, the kind of numb sadness that was past even tears.
Scott swallowed. “So you knew I was lying the whole time?”
done it on purpose.
prefers to be called stunning,” the omega corrects. He stoops down to scratch her head, his eyes soft. “Keep him company, love,” he murmurs, and then he’s walking inside with his bag slung over his shoulder.
to you. Dean
He’d known what to do. Known exactly what Dean needed. For once, he’d been
“So… we’re married?”
Dean shrugs, looking away. He crosses his arms over his chest and picks at his sleeves. “I don’t know. You ain’t been back there in a while. I figured you’d want to check up on things, or something.”
and Dean knows that, but right now he doesn’t look particularly rational.
Even with a few inches between them, Castiel can feel his warmth. Can feel his weight.
to drop them back off at a discount auction house for them to...
“Dean,
This chapter gets
Sam sits up straighter, his heart starting to pound. “Oh my God. You mean I can–” He stands up. “Charlie, I can
“That’s –” He pauses, takes a deep breath because he feels like he’s about to start pulling out his hair, or throwing things, or both. “That doesn’t mean anything, Dean.”
hungry. Of course he’s hungry. But he’s gone way longer than this without food and just because he’s grown soft doesn’t mean that he can’t go back to the way he was before.
Dean laughs, just a little. It’s not all that funny that he was emaciated when he first came to Cas’s home, but he’s always gotten by with gallows humor, and he’s happy that Pamela seems to think along the same lines.
“‘Least, not a real one. And that’s a real shame. I bet you’re hunting for someone to help you out, though, right?” He leans in closer, his sour breath hot on Dean’s face as he strains and turns away. “Someone with a nice big knot for that tight little hole?”
The words don’t really sound like a question, but Castiel treats them like one anyway. “I do. And I would never ask that of him. Not…” He clears his throat. “Not like this. Not now.”
God, Cas
Dean is
to play along; he really should have expected that, knowing what he knows about Dean. He decides to stick with the plan anyway, hoping against hope that it will work.
The door swings with a slight squeak when Dean finally opens it. Castiel is well back from him, two plates balanced in one hand precariously while the other holds two cups in a wide grip. The pillow is under his arm. Dean waits for him to come in, but he doesn’t - just stands there waiting. His expression is caught somewhere between cautious and hopeful.
“You smell like him, and you smell like
Again, Cas doesn’t bother to let go of his hand. Instead, he holds his head high and walks with Dean, slowly and carefully so he doesn’t strain his knee, and nods at the people they pass by with a polite smile on his face. Dean is too busy listening to his own heartbeat and staring at the floor to meet anyone new, but Cas doesn’t seem inclined to introduce him to anyone else.
He figures that he should find a way to wriggle out of the situation that he’s found himself in – figures that it probably isn’t a good idea for Cas to find him like this. He knows the alpha doesn’t like it when he sleeps on the floor. But, just this once, Dean decides not to give in to the ever-present little voice in the back of his head that tells him how best to please.
urge to kneel on it for the second time in as many hours.
And then, of course, there’s the matter of the alpha himself. He’s the worst trainer Dean has ever had. Impersonal and stone-faced, the handlers at the centers had at least always been consistent with what they wanted Dean to do, and consistent with the punishments for his disobedience. But Castiel, so far, has not told him to do anything at all. Has not punished him even once.
He can tell that Balthazar is hesitating even over the phone – he’s silent for a while as he gathers his thoughts. “Think the kid’s scent-bonded to you,” he finally says.
Of course, when he’d found out who Castiel
not. I know he would never ask for anything like that. I was just… I cannot begin to explain to you,” he tries, “the
Silence. And then, Dean… laughs.
He takes a deep breath. “You have nothing to fear from me. I do
He swallows, hatred for himself clawing into his chest, and makes himself look at the rest of the file. There is the purchase price, so much lower than the first go-round. There’s his height, his
Claire laughs. “He can definitely push some buttons. That fucker’s like a human sea urchin,” she jokes, completely ignoring the fact that Dean would say the same thing about her. “Has he ever tried to piss you off? Because he can get me goin’ in like…” she snaps her fingers, “two seconds flat.”
“You’re a pretty good fighter,” he says, grinning at Claire as she settles on her pillow. “Fast as hell. Did, uh,” he thinks back, trying to remember the trainer’s name. “Did Gadreel teach you that?”
prepared for those mistakes to erase
but the sticky, gross feeling all over him spurns him on – as does the new flood of slick between his legs that had come at the sound of the alpha’s warning rumble.
a new fear creeps into him. It was a stroke of luck, Castiel buying him. He knows he’s not fit for anything but another whorehouse at this point, with how fucked up he is, but his new master had purchased him before he could be sold en masse on the cheap with other rejects.
His small, gentle smile is gone, replaced with a sharp jawline and a contemplative frown. Dean realizes just how much Cas must try and look non-threatening when he’s awake – like this, he reminds Dean of a lion, all muscle and power. Asleep, but still somehow untouchable.
So, no. He will not be telling Dean. Neither about his past, nor his feelings. He will continue the way he has for the last few months, and will move only with Dean’s best interests in mind. And, as soon as he can, he will tell Dean that he can earn his freedom whenever he wishes to do so.
It only takes a few minutes before he’s wrapped himself in a towel, gotten a fresh wad of toilet paper for his cut, and made his way back into his bedroom to change. He’ll deal with the state of his bathroom later. For now, he needs to get back upstairs and make sure Dean is okay.
“But what do I do that
shouldn’t have to do that either, Dean.”
when he sees a cardinal flitting from branch to branch, feels something in his throat tighten as he watches a raven that tilts its head to the side and caws and watches him right back.
She nods, grinning a little. She waves his phone at him, her eyes alight.
He pauses, lets road signs and cars flick past for a few silent seconds. “I looked too much like I did before,” he says softly, slowly moving the zipper up and down, tine by tine. “And I should probably want that, right? But it felt…”
Dean hadn’t been given drugs that
Balthazar doesn’t reply to that for a very long time.
himself he knows.
“I’ll head out to grab them soon. It never takes them long to be made. So if you want to be… if you’ll be okay alone…?”
Castiel still smells like Dean. A
“What time is it?” he finally rumbles. “How long have I been asleep?”
Cas takes a second to digest that, but when he does, he relaxes quite a bit. “Ah. So… you really didn’t mind it?”
to feeling like this. I’ve spent a lifetime ignoring this shit. Building up a goddamn resistance to it. But it’s a fuckin’
“‘Course,” Bobby agrees. “Coulda told you that.”
prepares to back him up–
“Huh,” Dean smirked. “So I’ve fucked a virgin. Not bad for your first rodeo, cowboy,” he said cheekily, laying a hand flat on Castiel’s chest. “But if we’ve got time - which, I hope we do cuz I’m liking this whole
to be treated as he has.
Castiel breathes in through his nose, steeling himself. “If I
of this. Why he’s acting like a little kid, crying to a parent about a bad dream. He hadn’t even done that as a
Dean’s jaw flexes. He’s steeling himself for something; Castiel can tell. The walls that had slowly started to come down are being built back up right before his eyes. “But you want to… fix me.”
They both sigh out, long and low.
Castiel feels shame flood through him. Feels his throat close up.
They can’t move forward this way.
“You sure?” she pushes, frowning. She picks up the packet and flips to the last page. “Not even this bit? Because I know it can be–”
Dean wants to stay to watch Cas wake up; he really does. He could probably sit here and stare at the dude all day long, sappy as that sounds. But it ain’t gonna fly – he feels gross and sticky ‘cause he’s been sweating, and his
doing here?” she snarls.
“He did. Or,” he hesitates, “I mean. I think he did. He got through most of it, but I might have missed some stuff.” His phone lights up on the table in front of him as he speaks, and of course it’s Cas. Probably wondering if he’s still alive, or if Claire has eaten him.
The omega leans his head back. “You describe what you’re looking for, we see what we can do to accommodate you. I’ll warn you, though,” he says, eyes glinting, “nothing here is cheap. Might be above even
Clearing his throat, Sam shifts in his chair. He resists the urge to grip the armrests. “Um. Brown hair, I guess. On the taller side. Green eyes would be a bonus.”
“Yep,” he murmurs in a self-satisfied way, scrolling through the data. He sounds like he’s won a private bet with himself. “Dean Winchester.
after what just happened,” he admits, flicking his eyes up sheepishly.
God, what the fuck is he
Castiel freezes, but Dean just blinks up at him. And then his face splits into a grin, and he
supposed to be apologizing, it’s me. I remembered that as soon as you helped me get my head screwed on straight and I got some friggin’ sleep. That’s why I came down here in the first place.”
Dean makes a small, upset noise. “I didn’t want to worry you. What the hell can you do about it, Cas? ‘Cept lose sleep over it,” he adds pointedly. He sounds so very tired. Older than his years.
He shouldn’t be mad at Benny. The man’s right. It doesn’t change the fact that he feels disgusting inside, that he hates his body all the more for making him into a little bitch that needs a big strong alpha to comfort him. He closes his eyes.
those people, and if this is someone else, someone new, then they might –
He destroys everything he touches. Sucks the happiness out of the people around him like a black hole of misery, because he can’t just put his own crap aside. Can’t seem to remember that it doesn’t
From crying. From yelling.
a kid, not really, but Castiel catches himself thinking of him that way. Dean turned twenty-seven a few days ago, according to his paperwork. But he’s probably a hundred pounds soaking wet and he’s been in the trade since he legally could at
Dean flushes, embarrassed. “Stupid,” he mumbles, fiddling with his cup. “I know there’s nothin’ to be scared of.”
He jerks when someone touches him, baring his teeth. Snapping his eyes up, a feral growl rips from the back of his throat, something savage inside of him roaring for a fight – for someone to
it’s stupid. Knows that Crowely is right. He clearly knows that he’s getting under his skin, because he smiles at him. “I’m willing to meet your demands, little omega. So what, might I ask, will you offer in return?”
how long; he’s showering in warm water and he’s actually using
Dean takes a breath. “Well, I mean. I’m not exactly stuck on bedrest anymore, Cas.”
knowing where he came from, knowing what he had the potential to become and being
He sucks in a breath and holds it, tries to overcome a wave of
They’re both about halfway through their meal before he manages to say what’s been on his mind all morning.
“Hey, buddy? Don’t think that’s helping,” Dean said lowly. Cas paused, cocking his head to the side, but he seemed to understand.
Even that small sound is enough to make him sweat. He grips the edge of the chair, closing his eyes, swallowing convulsively. Dean knows he’s got to look ridiculous, perched on the edge of the thing like it will dump him off and attack him the moment he lets his guard down. But his heart is racing.
