His strident, wide-jawed foraging left stubble burns across Sherlock's cheeks and lips. Not at all surprised to feel John's pelvis thrusting lightly against the taut bulk of his thigh, bumping Sherlock's flaccid cocktip occasionally with his hip. He pressed his leg down so that John could have better friction, resulting in an appreciative moan being made into his mouth. John' coaxing hands demanded that Sherlock quit recording data and participate equally in the feast before him, which he did.
This, he learned quickly, had been the wrong thing to say.
When he reached back around to his buttocks, he was surprised to find a protest of discomfort and upon further contorted investigation, found eight long bruises striping his arse laterally. Four long lines were split evenly between both of his upper thighs.
Sherlock had the small mole skin book from the back of the drawer clutched delicately in his hand again.
The programme they're watching stops abruptly. "And now on BBC One a special news report."
"Truthfully, it would be more of an egregiously biased observational study, than an experiment," Sherlock corrected himself, his voice muffled against John's gracilis, "but I would like for you to indulge me."
"If you'd just slow down, you wouldn't have to repeat yourself." John balked.
The tenacious women were at the Lord of the Manor's house now. Paying to use his oven to make enough bread to last them for the rest of the month. And John thought it only fair to use his ableness now to tend to their lands. To take a massive burden from their day and give them back a fraction of what they had given him. Despite their heavy protestations.
John frowned at the ashes still flecking the bottom of his, but figured that having it returned to its rightful place was enough in light of recent events. He put it in the sink to wash later.
He grew dangerously thin during this time, able to feel the edges of his bones with greater clarity every time the physician's assistants came to turn him and his hands slipped uselessly against his body.
It trilled again.
After a stunned moment, Sherlock cleared his throat and refocused himself. Beginning to pace a small pattern in front John. "R-radix pedis diaboli." His hands came up together before his chin in a wide splay of fingers. "Or perhaps known better as 'the devil's-foot root'. Named so for the way the pileus cracks up the middle when the fungus dries out, giving it the appearance of a cloven hoof.
He could pinpoint the precise moment Sherlock realized the gravity of what John had told him; by the shocked inhalation and a moment after, by the string-taut muscles finally letting go beneath him. Sherlock's subsequent exhale so heavy that it ruffled John's hair. The breathy confession of "yes John" whispered within it.
He stopped on a page that took John's breath away.
John merely lifted an eyebrow in question and Sherlock affected a nonchalant sniff, his coat draped over his arm. "I had two others made in the event that our plans tonight should change." From his other pocket Sherlock produced another set of cards, but in the case of these their names were simply replaced by 'RATHBONE, BASIL' and 'BRUCE, NIGEL E.'
"Nothing." John chuckled. "I just didn't know you cared so much."
"Uh, yeah. A big one actually." Realizing suddenly as to what he'd just said; John had the good sense to be insulted. "And just so we're clear, I didn't /actually/ go around rogering the entire company like a complete slag just to get my rocks off with blokes, yeah? But ta for that."
She cocks her eyebrow at his cheek. "I'm afraid you're in no position to negotiate, young man. I understand that this must be hard for you, admitting defeat. Having to show your cards with all your bets on the table. A bit of deja vu, is it not?"
John's cheeks turned so crimson that even his ears went pink. And his throat clicked panically as he swallowed and swallowed at words that would never come back to him.
Licking his lips, Charles slipped his hands around his lithe body, pressing the loose linen shirt up against his skin. He wanted Sherlock to feel the unbridled desire he felt for him with every slip of his many-ringed fingers, so he let his hands explore slowly and surely and at his own leisure, sliding them around to his flanks, lingering at the waist of his long braies, before going down and brazenly taking two handfuls of Sherlock's buttocks, lifting them apart enough to elicit a tiny gasp before pulling Sherlock's body against him. He pressed his stiffening sex hard into Sherlock's hip and felt the solid shape of the cock cage in return.
Inside the Watson's cruck house, John Watson had lain on his belly, moaning with the abandon of one in the throes of deep fever. He was being tended to by two women who had been doing the best they could. And were, against all odds, succeeding.
"Sherlock. Stop ignoring me." John prompted, snagging his wrist to keep him from leaving, becoming even more confused as Sherlock simply leaned in and pressed a devout kiss to the top of John's head, holding his face there. "A new list for what?"
"Judging by the thickness of it, Mycroft no doubt included the whole of my medical history in it. Why haven't you read it?" He looked truly concerned at this point.
It had made something tight catch in his throat to know that he would be donning it once more.
CHAPTER (six) SIX
"Detective Inspector Tobias Gregson was in charge of that case for as much good as it did them. He was in his thirties then, he'd just been promoted to the position and felt he needed to prove himself. If only he'd listened to me. Even Dimmock had enough common sense to follow my lead on the Black Lotus smuggling case eventually, which boded well for him in the end. If Gregson had simply listened, he would have had every opportunity to make it to the top of the pecking order within five years..." Sherlock said, slightly wistful.
John's mood darkened as the lonely day progressed. The scratchy soreness in his throat only seeming to worsen and his nose had now begun to oscillate between being congestively stuffed and disgustingly runny. There was no doubt about it now; he was becoming ill.
She was dressed in an ivory blouse with silver buttons, a hounds tooth skirt that went below her knees, and black stockings. Buried beneath a large, long poofy coat, with her purse clutched in gloved hands and small hat pinned to her head, stuck with a long thin feather. He hair was fussed and curled around a tastefully made-up face with pink lipstick. She didn't make it out of the flat much, so when she did it was an event.
Sherlock finally stammered out of his rigid contemplation when John brought up a question while Ygritte was laying out all the necessary equipment on the tray next to John's seat.
It was on this unimportant day, in this monumental moment, that John Watson of Umberland of the North, swore himself to Sherlock Holmes, Prince of Castle Appledore, for ever and for always. Duty or no. With so few words spoken between them. Because he was absolutely certain that the feeling in his chest was the swell of new love and that with a little patience and kindness and caring, it would be able to grow large enough to fill the chasm inside him.
When the soldiers moved away, he wept anew.
A viola da gamba was lying on its back in a red velvet lined case. Its lustrous body was roughly the size of John's torso and gleamed as bright as gold. At the very top of its neck, for a finial, the viol had the carved head of a basilisk. Appledore's sigil.
"You're an idiot, Sherlock Holmes." He said, as a great wash of affection came over him. He put himself between Sherlock's spread knees and touched his forehead to Sherlock's, which was exactly at his level. He hadn't been this comfortable in someone's proximity since what felt like forever. "You're an idiot and a fool and God help us all if you ever change."
Doctor John Watson took his time coming down the stairs, clutching gingerly at his left shoulder, trying to dispel the irritating ache that gnawed at it. Tender pressure with his thumb sent electricity down into his fingertips, though radial motion of his rotator cuff produced no such sensation. Which he found strange.
"We do."
This was clearly intended to be the replacement for the portrait on the floor. Once it was finished. These two men were to be together. Promised in history.
He clearly wanted to put his hands on John Watson's straw hair and kiss him until he broke through his skin, but his hands had become fused with the violin. They were one creature now. Totally inseparable. And the siren call of the song roared within them both. Keeping him prisoner.
John's breath bellows from his chest as Sherlock sets up a firm rhythm. Moans and growls pouring from John's mouth with each upstroke and when Sherlock finally adds the tandem movement from his hips, John is lost.
"There have been two. In fact." Sherlock apparently didn't realize the magnitude of this bombshell he had just dropped. /Two/ relationships? And he'd never even hinted at ANYTHING regarding them? Sherlock finally took offense to John's slackened jaw when it refused to reshut, or perhaps more so to the errant sip still pooled behind John's bottom teeth. "Is that really so surprising?"
"Someone went through an excessive amount of trouble to clothe these men, only to kill them. The time constraints force us to consider premeditation and thusly further confirms my previous theory that the killer is developing a pattern. One which is escalating quickly.
John let him languish for a little while, letting the embarrassment and guilt dissolve, before speaking more to the scene. "I don't think I've ever even heard of anything like that happening. I mean, it's a bloody miracle that guy stayed all in one piece getting mowed over like that."
Her face was still the same round blade he'd grown accustomed to. Those small white hands that for patchwork years had been handing him tea and grasping his hand and encircling his cock. But that hurt to think about now.
"Can't you?"
"It's certainly possible."
To John it felt wonderful to be so invisible in a place like this. So much different than in Umberland of the North.
"Please, John." Sherlock beseeched him and in a gesture of promise, held out his hand. John's eyes went wide. "In order for me to do the things I want to do to you, you must first tell me your own story of how you came to be here. I wish to know you before. . ." he felt his cheeks warm, embarrassment flame through him. "Knowing you."
Sherlock had come. He had seen. He had conquered.
"Finally! Jesus! Let him through!" Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade's smooth face looked drawn, working his jaws around the last half of a chocolate-iced doughnut. His silver hair glittered in the bright artificial lights as he beckoned for John to come join them in the madness. "Certainly took your sweet time, eh? Sherlock's got us freezing our bollocks off waiting for you. Wouldn't let us touch anything and won't tell us why. I suspect he's keen on doing the bit where he knocks us on our ass and couldn't /not/ have you around to do it." His grin was a little too real.
"He was driven?" Someone asked.
Back before he had ever thought to look to the sky.
John's choices had not been made by his time in Afghanistan. Not his want to be alone. Not made because this had been his third (final) tour patching up the soldiers in the name of Queen and Country. Not made because of the stifling dry day where he'd stopped to laugh and a bullet had carved his body a new hole. Not made when he'd knocked his shooting glasses from his face in an attempt to find the source of the numbness and bring back blood on his fingertips. Not made when he found rough soft sand below him or the billowing purple sky above.
Where to the West of the west lower river resided the town church, St. Bartholomew, with its property packed full of too many gravestones like a mouth full of too many teeth.
Within an instant, what had once been a docile group of dirty people, became a slavering throb of hatred. The crowd exploded with ferocity in all forms. And with such noise! Their verbal abuses tore at the man's character as equally as their projectiles tore at his person.
i know! how rude. but i had to do one last chapter before they met. i promise they will in the next one though! be strong!!
"That's John Watson!"
William had stayed with John throughout his convalescence, provided any and all of what Harriet and Clara had needed from him, and yet he still felt he owed John. "What could you owe me?"
John was thanking the heavens that Sherlock was up and moving, clearly lucid, but John vaguely recalled that conscious patients found in hypothermic conditions could suddenly develop ventricular fibrillation without warning. He needed to minimize Sherlock's movements, prevent dysrhythmia, and get him dry and warm immediately.
"So...flies?" John said pointedly. Because that was indeed what they were.
"Clearly." Came the cool reply.
John did not know what to say. The four humors were what physicians pondered. Not he.
Two thousand pounds? What on earth could Sherlock need that much money for? If it was to buy something more for his wardrobe, John figured he would have just used the credit card, told John about it, as he always did, and John would have immediately transferred the money from the checking to pay for it. That was their routine.
"Oookay." John just added dumbly, still not getting it.
John obliged.
John peeled off his gloves, wadded up the sterile paper and stepped away from Sherlock, satisfied with his work. "So...which one swung the axe?"
"You have no idea how close you came to being arrested yesterday, do you Captain?"
"Physician's apprentice actually." Sherlock confessed with distaste. "But she's the best of the whole lot, if I'm to be honest." He walked until he was between John and the door now, the terrible humour having left him for the more kindly manner that John was accustomed to. His shard-like eyes were soft again. "But she has a lot yet to learn and it would do her well to use her eyes, instead of putting her trust into old books."
Sherlock scoffed and moved past him towards the window. "And yet you're addressing me formally once more, though we agreed that such pleasantries were unnecessary. Something has changed..."
Every torch at every turn became an orange blur to his left as he hurdled up and up and up and up. Ceaseless and uncountable. Dark smudges at the edge of his periphery.
John did his best to keep his composure as the trio made their way up the long, spiraling staircase.
"From that, we can safely infer that it's statistically most likely that the murderer is male; as a woman would not possess the upper body strength necessary to achieve such a result. Is it obvious enough now?"
Undeterred by Sherlock's lack of cooperation, Charles continued to kiss all the way down his elbow and was coming back up his forearm, raising Sherlock's limp hand to smear his thin lips gratuitously across the back. As if it would do anything to ingratiate him. He turned it over and then proceeded to lick across his palm in the most lascivious of manners.
It struck John anew as to what precisely it was he was getting himself into with all this. How he could not possibly fathom what it was that could be wanted of him. Of what he might be asked to do. What could possibly become of him.
But the best he could do was lift a flopping hand and give a small pat to Sherlock's forearm. One he hoped would convey all that he could not say or do or thank him for. Just until he could regain his strength to actually do it. And he hoped it would suffice.
"I remember the goddamn tiles on the floor. I remember how cold they were on my arse. I remember choking and gagging and Janet's hands on me. All of it. And Jesus Sodding Chirst I REMEMBER yelling Bill's name.
With no more thought on the matter, Sherlock is encouraging them forward. Back to where the hall slopes down and John searches his brain for the place where he came in. He won't make it if they have to go clear back to the dining room, he knows. "There's a way out over here. There's a door behind a portrait. But I don't know which one."
But it wasn't something he thought had been noticeable. He could only see it himself when he opened his mouth very wide and pried back his cheek, but then, Sherlock's method of deduction barely stopped short of X-ray vision, so he supposed it shouldn't have been that much of a surprise.
Splitting the apple with his horse, John lowered his mouth into the water and took large frigid gulps that quenched him utterly.
John flexed his left hand out slowly and fought the room from its want to waltzer.
John wanted to turn. To scoff. To sneer in Sherlock's face at the sheer lunacy of what he'd just said. But he did none of these. Instead, he wiped his sleeve beneath his burning nose, staring fixedly at the middle distance between his bare feet. "Oh, things must be very bad indeed making promises like that."
"So we blow it up, no big deal...and we didn't know that anything had actually happened until I looked over at Murray and there was blood running down his nose." John swallowed audibly, as if the words were stuck. "Apparently the first shot the sniper took had coincided with the IED perfectly; nobody'd heard it. We all thought it was a piece of shrapnel at first, some rock that got kicked up maybe. But it had been a bullet. A goddamn /bullet/ got lodged in Murray's helmet! Right in the center. I mean Jesus Christ, how lucky was he that it didn't pierce his goddamn skull?! The fucking bastard..."
His ears picked up on the same cacophony of noise a moment later,  which was right on time in approaching his chamber door.
John felt a great swath of affection overcome him as he looked across and smiled warmly at his partner, letting his hand linger just a little bit too long on Sherlock's as he took it. Sherlock cleared his throat pointedly and nodded back towards the corpse, clearly affected but obviously saving it for later.
He pulled the grocery sack up against an errant burst of wind and cursed as it did little to stave off its striking chill.
He thought about what he personally liked during fellatio and tried to transcribe them as best they could the other way round. Giving it his best with his teeth covered and his tongue always moving. Working him judiciously. Wanting to know what he liked. What he responded to.
"Yes."
"Ah. You are speaking of these I take it? Here. Have a look." Brother Michael smiled and brought over the leather roll that housed individual pockets for all of his curious vials, laying it out over John's lap for inspection. As he stood, he placed his hands on his round belly in fake contemplation and patted it kindly. "The virtues of fasting to the pleasures of eating . . . you can see which I prefer.
He paused at the door, turning to Sherlock's bowed head. "Your brother will be glad to hear that you are on the mend."
"Hate me if you must." Sherlock said resignedly, going to the sitting room table and pulling from a messy pile a single sheet of paper. He handed it to John before going to the window and placing his hands behind his back, staring out at Baker Steet as if he were a hanged man looking out at the world for the last time from his gallows, feeling the weight of the rope around his neck. "But know that it will never alter my regard for you."
"Nuh uh." John stopped him with a hand on his sleeve and gave his exam table a slap with his palm. The paper crackling. "Coat off and hop up. Let me take a look at that bandaging before we go. At the rate it filled with blood this morning, it's probably overdue to be changed again. I've better stuff here to treat it with anyway. Alright?"  The sparkle in John's eyes relayed his intention to not put Sherlock in a difficult position tonight, but also that the man's stubbornness would make it impossible to resist forever.
He was shuffling the tiny boxes, arranging them in a line based on their contents. He tilted his head only fractionally to acknowledge John's entrance, but didn't look up. And despite being fully dressed once again, John suspected he hadn't gone to sleep at all.
Lestrade shifted on his feet just after the dubious action was finished. "So, Sherlock, got any theories?"
The sellotape stretched across the top was marked 'DOOR 22:08' in Sherlock's whippy scrawl and that curl of interest morphed into a dark cruel speck that seemed to prick a hole straight through the center of John's seemingly unsinkable happiness.
Sherlock makes a proposal and John has a very whirlwind day.
The book was large and calf bound, with two intricate gold clasps linking the covers together. Sherlock's long fingers made quick work of them, soft pads nimble as they crawled through the pages to find what he was looking for. Subtle colours and uncountable specimens flashed past.
John hummed an agreement to encourage him to continue.
"No problem at all." John nodded and sipped at his drink, feeling it necessary to be conversational. "So, any particular reason why a straight man's at a gay bar this time of night? Bit of a posh place just to get pissed, if I can be honest."
All the while, through the maelstrom, whispering right against the shell of his ear while his muscles thundered, was the unstoppable voice of Sherlock breaking through to him: "shh, John. Let me help you. Please. Shh. Let me help."
If so, Sherlock was wrong in thinking that somehow his flaccidity equalled undesirability. That they needed to call this whole thing off simply because some new information had come to light. Because it could never change how beautiful Sherlock was. Not to John. They just needed to talk about it.
The man-formerly-known-as the bouncer from The Jolly Bulldog indicates to the open door with a plate-sized hand. "If you'll join us please sir. We've been expecting you."
Once stoppered, the monk looked over and smiled at being watched, twin dimples appearing on his soft face before turning back and sliding the vial away like a secret.
"/No/ John." Sherlock bit out, becoming irritated.
Sherlock's mouth hangs open. Eyes half-lidded. The dark smear of bruises on his face compliment the lovely architecture of his skull like war paint. And there's a barely perceptible tremor coursing through him which astounds John Watson to know that he can feel it /inside/ himself.
John stares straight into those brittle, beautiful eyes. Voice dropping into a fervent whisper. "You were wrong when you said I wouldn't love you after we had sex. Probably the only thing you've ever been truly wrong about in your entire life...because I do love you. I /still/ love you. NOTHING'S ever going to change that. But you hated having to do it that way though, didn't you? You regret it. It wasn't what you wanted. Not really."
"I'm..." Sherlock tries, breathless. "If I move it'll...I'll be done."
And Sherlock too was afraid, afraid he might turn into dust beneath John's hands. He needed time to recover from his molestation. For the first time ever it had been done under John's kind eyes and the shame was so acute it felt like it was eating a hole in his chest.
There were livid bruisings running across the dead man's thighs, but the worst was a wide bar of oily black and yellow flesh striping its way across the man's scapulae. The skin around it peeled back like paper to expose the soft pink meat beneath.
"Oh. I see. Wait, Asano? Wasn't that the client we had yesterday?"
John blinked. Then blinked again. Then remembered.
Wraps one hand around the Union Jack...
He released his knees and threw his hands up over his face as Sherlock gave his arsehole its first ever lick. Most surprised by the sheer delight he found in its filth. The warm, wet sensation so shocking in the hot grin of his cleft,  he had to desperately fight to keep from closing his legs.
"You sure Johnny?" Harry'd asked with identical eyes. "I just threw this in here to beef up my locations. To make me look like a /real/ real estate agent. Fuck's sake, I didn't think you'd actually like it! Arkham Village's four miles away and you don't even know how to drive! You won't be able to get there until they release you from hospital. Are you absolutely sure?"
And two years hence, he found himself alone.
"But what is its purpose?" Sherlock had asked, eyeing the thing warily as it was offered to him on a satin pillow. He wondered at its shape and why it was so familiar. Being so naive back then.
"Wipe her down!" John had bellowed at William, who'd met him at the gate. He jumped from her back while she was still in motion, throwing her reigns over. "I've ridden her hard a long way without stopping. She needs food and water as soon as you can."
The bulldog dropped to its haunches immediately with an appreciative huff, its flews producing the same sound a bag would make being emptied quickly of air, before sliding further onto her belly and and then rolling onto her side.
The story that followed nearly dropped John to his knees: A body had been recently found that had been torn indescrimanently apart in an alley way on Gloucester, the road where they'd found the first body. An identification card reading John H. Watson had been found in the corpse's back left pocket. John's real ID card, as it turned out, which had been nicked from his bedside drawer. The man'd been of a similar height. A similar build to John. He was wearing what was positively identified as being the same outfit John'd worn to the crime scene two days prior. So, by all accounts, the body found mutilated would have /been/ John Watson, had he not currently been taking the phone call.
There was no doubt Sherlock had just heard that. If he came in now, he'd be able to deduce that John had just been two knuckles deep in his own arse, tossing off desperately in the shower while imagining his flatmate like ...well, like he'd always done, sans finger, but things were /different/ now. Their dynamics had changed.
He held up the tools as he talked through the steps, allowing John a glimpse of each until he finally held up a wand to the back of it and a purple light flashed across it as he pulled the trigger.
John found himself staring at the folder again. Had it something to do with what Sherlock had proposed only hours before? Offering himself to John. It was all so vague and nebulous...Why? What could he have needed?
"What do you enjoy, John Watson?" He asked seductively, dropping his voice into a rippling baritone and squeezing both hands into firm meat simultaneously.
It had been that large round belly unable to be hidden beneath her bright red coat and big blue eyes that had made it.
"Would you like me to turn around?"
He wanted all of him. Forever.
Sherlock's hands fluttered around and around John's. Occasionally brushing.
"Shrrrrlo...Sherlock!...mnng...ohmuhfuuuuck I'm coming...oh shit! I'm coming!"
He waits a beat. And then another before speaking. "I'll bet you have."
The susurrus of his fine clothing indicated that he had bowed, before moving towards the door. He paused with one spidery hand curled around the wood however, "but be aware that I will require Sir John when you are finished with him. Be gentle with him for now. It has been a long while since you have had a guest and I find it regrettable that your brother should wish to bring you something so damaged."
(See the end of the chapter for
Instantaneously, his throat squeezed shut and a ravaging heat flushed through him. Oh Jesus! He was still shirtless!
"Right. Well, all I know is that I would have liked to have known your plan much sooner than us being on our way here."
"Shut it." Lestrade commanded shortly. He didn't really look all that displeased up close, especially when compared to the detestation on Anderson's face. Just more beleaguered. More worn down.
Sherlock was already across the room and flitting about like a tall, dark hummingbird as the paramedics lifted the body up on a backboard and slid him onto the stainless steel table. The man's divested suit had been placed in a bag they'd dropped off with the body marked 'NSY EVIDENCE'. Molly signed a form of transfer and they left.
The dentist shifted as a practiced smile folded the skin around his eyes and he barked out a laugh. "Well great! I appreciate it."
The three foot long arowana slid methodically through the water, its large black eye watching everything as it circled the limits of its five hundred and seventy liter tank sitting resplendent in the middle of the waiting room. Giving patients a chance to admire it from all sides.
They would have to wait out the day in order to spend the night together. And that's what Sherlock was finding to be the most unpleasant aspect, the waiting. Especially as it had only just become dawn.
He smiles and relaxes in the car as Greg drives.
John relaxes, snoring softly.
“I love you. I love you I love you I love you.” Sherlock mumbles between kisses.
He chuckles. “Your husband asked me to knock her up. Wanted to wait to come until you two were here.”
"Who's your therapist?"
Sherlock hums. “Yeah, precisely. It just doesn’t taste as horrible as the others.”
Mycroft takes a deep breath, gathering courage and straddling Greg's hips, slowly lowering himself into his lover, biting his lip.
"I could give a fuck who he came home with. Why do you look so upset?" He holds Mycroft close, rubbing his back.
John holds him close. "I've got you, love." He whispers and nuzzles him softly.
“Blessings. On you and the babes.” John smiles softly. “Plus they haven’t seen a pregnancy in millennia.”
She blushes and pets his hair.
“Bend over the table.” He smirks.
"Christ, Greg, you're fucking fantastic.." He groans and leans in to bite his shoulder as he comes hard into his hand.
He hums, nuzzling his neck. "You smell nice.."
She holds his hips and presses her face close as she licks greedily.
His pulse picks up and his hips rock.
She whimpers and kisses her back needy, wanting to be a good girl for her Daddy’s Mummy.
“Sounds good.” Mycroft nods and John smirks.
“You can tell her what you are and aren’t comfortable with and I’m sure she won’t do anything to make you unhappy.” Pythia hums. “Most of these rituals are to strengthen the bond between a witch and her coven because usually the person who knocked the witch up doesn’t stay around.”
"It looks brilliant and I think you've made good choices."
Eli holds his hand and rubs his thumb over his knuckles as he holds Michael.
Greg cries out as they bite him. "Mm yes.. So loud. So needy." Sherlock bites at Greg's back. "Fuck. Yes. So good. Harder. So full." Greg whimpers and babbles.
She hums happily and presses kisses to his chest. “I like being a cockwramer..” she mumbles.
"That's a brilliant idea."
He rubs his back and kisses his head.
"I'm grand and the carnival is doing fabulously." She hums and hugs him happily.
Dominic chuckles and shakes his head. “I’ll sure I’ll have a chance to get off later and even if I don’t it’s fine. You know I enjoy making you feel good more than anything.”
He whimpers a bit.
She gasps and arches, so wet for him. "Ohh Daddy.."
He rocks his hips a bit.
Mycroft looks at his phone. "I do hate dash." He mused. "But I must get back to Vauxhall."
John holds him and rocks into him. "Sherlock." He moans.
He blushes and smiles shyly. "Really?"
"They lured the last line. The end wasn't that fine. Their lives weren't worth a dime. To find the hands look at the time.." Sherlock reads out loud as John writes.
Mycroft starts to shift as he wakes, groaning softly.
He mumbles and pulls her closer.
"I know, baby. Just breathe."
"How about I let you take me over this desk and I try not to scream, is that multitasking enough?" Greg groans and his hips twitch.
"Of course. Have fun." She touches their foreheads and sends them into Michael's head. She goes back over to Lucas. "So you have it?" She licks her lips. "Yeah." He smirks and pulls a vial out of his discarded jeans. Jean smirks as he sits in a bed in Michael's head. "You've got me. How do you want me?" He blushes and his legs fall open.
She moans loudly as she bounces in his cock. “It was so good. Felt so good. I’ll tell you next time.”
"Mm I want you to ride my cock. I want you to come as many times as you can before I fill you up again. I want to watch you bounce on my cock and beg for me to come in you." He nibbles his ear and pinches his nipple.
“Let’s fill her then.” Chris smirks.
“That is quite enough.” Eli stands.
There's no need to complicate.
Michael gapes at all the vehicles.
"I love you too. So much."
John growls and does just that. He fucks Sherlock while he pins his hands behind him. John takes his free hand and strokes Sherlock's cock.
"I will, love." He hums softly.
"Good boy." She praises and kisses him as she pulls out of him gently, putting a thick butt pull into him. "I really want to sit on your face." She smirks and takes off the strap on.
Greg makes a little noise and blushes harder. "Christ.."
He smiles and nuzzles him before falling asleep.
Mycroft swallows past the lump in his throat. "I..." He took a breath. "I want you... T-to penetrate me..." He blushed beet red.
“Mm..” he hums softly as the water hits them.
Sherlock smiles, once he’s finished cooking the food, he takes it over to the table by Morna. “May I feed you?” He blushes.
"Fucking hell." Greg snaps as he runs to Sherlock's room with Mycroft in tow.
John chuckles softly. “I’ll just ask you to run to me naked.” He kisses his neck.
John smiles. “Thank you. I’ve always been curious as to why leeches were used.”
Greg pulls him into his lap and holds him against his chest. He kisses his head. "I-I love you.. I-I love you.. I-I love you.. I-I love you.. I-I love you.. I-I love you.. I-I love you..."
Sherlock pulls John onto his lap. “You did good, John. You saved his life.” He whispers.
"Mm do you even know how many times you've been fucked today?" She nips at his lips, fucking him harder and faster with the plug.
Ms. Cheyenne puts a brief case on the desk. “Count it.”
He whines and tries to push back against her.
John giggles as he tries to remember how to breath.
"B-B-Better." He smiles softly at him.
He smirks and pushes in a finger. "Christ, you're tight.."
"Blimey. Must cost a few quid to stay here. No wonder it's just for celebs and the government." John laughed quietly.
He smiles. "Mm, hello."
**We're alright. Just a bit stressful. How's Sherlock? --MH**
Michael hums softly and holds him closer, pressing against him.
"Right here..." John says after regretfully releasing Sherlock's neck. "Bite me. It helped. Just don't fucking come, I'm not giving birth twice in the same month."
"You're welcome.." He nuzzles him.
He smirks. “Mm, just the cock I was thinking of.”
"Mm okay." He smiles softly.
“Please, please, please.. need you.. both, please..” He begs.
"Am I still.. What was it? Oh yes. Distracting?" She gasps softly as she pinches her nipple teasingly.
"Always."
Mycroft blushes as he watches John leave. He turns back to face Greg. "Can we just go home, love? Please?"
He moans breathily against his lips and presses back against his hands.
Sherlock grumbles a bit but wakes up happy that their holiday has started.
He smirks and takes Sherlock up to bed.
Greg looks back at him with raised eyebrows. "Sir, yes, Sir. Any one in particular?"
Mycroft cries out against, louder this time. "Three! Thank you, Sir!"
“The other bodies are at Bart’s if you want a look.” Greg says while scribbling notes. “Do all the transgender victims have the same doctor or do they go to a common clinic? A support group?” John asks.
Collin blushes brightly. "I.. I don't know. Christ.."
Sherlock hails a cab.
He chuckles softly and smiles fondly at him. "Oh Lockey, you can take the wrapping on your ribs off. No point in it now." Sky smiles tiredly as she takes the pain meds John hands her.
She smiles and nuzzles him.
Sherlock has his head pressed against John, mumbling softly.
“Fuck.” John groans as he feels Mycroft come around him, continuing to fuck him and going even deeper.
She moans and leans down to suck on one of her nipples.
John nods and helps her up. “No, but he’s got methods that are beyond my own.”
"What's it smell like?"
He smiles. "There are some clean clothes on the back of the door." He says and motions to the bag hanging from back of the door.
Sherlock glances to John, then to Calvin and Todd, briefly wondering why they chose to attend. He snaps his attention back to Dr. Brooks as she announces dinner.
He frowns. “I tried to. He didn’t listen..”
“There’s more?” She blushes brighter.
"May... I kiss you again? I did enjoy that very much." Mycroft smiles.
"Mm." Collin picks a red one with black swirls.
“Mm well what do we have here?” Carol smirks as she comes in.
He nuzzles him back and rocks his hips a bit.
John hums and kisses him again. "You love it."
John nuzzles against Turk and Bryan.
Violet smirks and has sky send Benny and Jean up.
He smiles softly, relaxing.
They relax with him.
Sherlock smiles and drinks as well. A guy comes over and starts hitting on Sky. "Hey, sexy, can I buy you a drink?" The guy asks. "Umm no thanks. I don't drink." Sky tries to politely dismiss him.
Crystal smiles and holds him close.
Sherlock blushes and bites his lip. "Good."
He whimpers and rocks into his hand. "Please.." He begs quietly.
"Okay." He smiles softly and nuzzles him as finally strips.
He leans over to get the lube, slicking his fingers. "I'm going to finger you a bit first, alright? I don't want it to hurt when I fuck you."
Every breath
He glares at the wall. "Just hurry, will you?"
Sherlock smiles and nuzzles him.
Greg gasps, his hips bucking involuntarily.
‘You can come in.’ Sky hums inside Turks head as he lingers by the door way.
Sherlock gets up and presses his head to her hand. He misses her almost as much as he misses John.
“Bumble.”
Maggie moans, rocking with them.
She smiles softly and kisses him gently.
He smiles and hums.
Sherlock stops next to him, thoroughly confused. "What is it?"
George hums and leans over a bit, kissing his neck softly.
Sky closes the door and leans back against it pulling him closer. She leans up and kisses him having him press her back against the door.
“No crimes yet.” Sherlock corrects.
Greg moves on top of Mycroft, deepening the kiss.
He opens his eyes and smiles. "Thank you, Sky.. I needed that.."
Mycroft cries out and pushes back against his fingers. "Oh god! Yes!"
‘Let’s go.’ She stands, waddling and her belly dragging a bit.
"Oh fuck off," John says while making a rude gesture at the phone. He tilts the shower nozzle to the side a bit so he can lean against the shower wall and still be under the hot water. He looks down at his body, watching the water slide over the soft swell of his stomach. He's nearly positive that the protrusion is from their large lunch, and not the pups, but it fuels his imagination.
He blushes at his words and is determined to impress him. He looks up at him as he slowly takes him deeper into his mouth.
“No biting then,” Sherlock smirks and sits back on his heels, unzipping his trousers and takes his cock out. It barely fits through his zip he’s so big and hard.
Mycroft cries out and comes hard with a shout.
He stretches and bites his arse. He pushes in a third soapy finger opening him.
“I’m not in pain. I’m fine.” Sherlock assures him. “I don’t know about that..” He frowns, not wanting to leave John.
He nods dumbly.
Sherlock sleeps deeply with her.
"Ah so Mr. then? Or work? That's what most people come in here looking for a strong drink have troubling them." She hums and pours him a glass of something strong.
“Mm.” Sherlock just hums.
He bites his lip, reaching down to stroke himself. He realizes James is talking to him and looks to him, grinning a bit.
He gasps and moans, arching.
‘Different how?’
She blushes and bites her lip. “I..”
"Moriarty and his little minion are awful people and you didn't deserve anything that they did to you. But this 'Tiger' is going to get everything that he deserves. I'll make sure of it."
He holds him, rubbing his back soothingly.
He kisses his chest again and smiles.
Mycroft gasps into the kiss, finally letting Collin take control.
He hums and nods. "So how did you meet Sky?"
Nick laughs as he catches it. "Stop flirting with Chloe's boyfriend and let's get on with it!" He tosses the ball back.
Greg hums and smiles. He takes the chips from the over and sits them on the other half of the stove top from the fish. He plates the fish and chips sprinkling salt and a bit of vinegar on top. "Mm.. It's missing something.. Ah!" He takes the bottle of honey and drizzles just a tiny amount over the fish. He sits the plate next to Sherlock and hands him a fork. "Alright here it is. Honest opinion.." He smiles.
Camille hums and nods. “Is there any way to bring her back?”
Sherlock’s standing now, rocking Jared to try to calm him.
They head out to the car.
She smiles and nuzzles him before stealing another bite of his breakfast.
"I know that you haven't.. In a while.. I just.. We don't have to do anything that you don't want to do. I trust you."
She pulls him down onto the bed on top of her and kisses him.
Mycroft holds him close and kisses his head.
He smiles and stands next to his bed. "What are you going to play?"
Mycroft smiles softly. “Sire, after I’ve gotten Anthea comfortable may I speak with you privately?” He asks softly. “I will make sure to keep it short so you can rest.”
"The poor soul who chooses to date our daughter." John grins as he pulls out his wallet.
He groans and rocks his hips. “Yeah? Want another load?”
"I love you, too.." He smiles softly and cuddles him.
She pulls her panties to the side and sinks down onto his cock after pulling his pants off. “Oh yesssss.” She hisses and groans as she takes him all the way in.
“Come sit, My.” He smiles softly, sitting on the couch.
"Sherlock..." John moans. He wriggled down the bed and nuzzles at the distended crotch of Sherlock's pants.
He blushes brightly and nods. "I like that.."
Michael frowns a bit and goes to sit with her.
He blushes and kisses him back. “He seemed fun.”
“You too.” He smiles. “What’ve you been up to?”
Kia was asleep, curled around her much smaller belly, protectively.
“I’m serious. You are amazing.” He grins.
John gets more blankets, wrapping Sherlock up. “Tell me about you.” He wipes Sherlock’s sweaty brow.
The case takes a turn...
John smiles and rubs his hand.
John moans loudly as Bryan keeps fucking him, making him continue to fuck Lydia.
They fuck him harder as John pushes more into his mouth.
She smirks and gets up to go to the shower.
Mycroft moans around him and bobs his head, taking more and more into his mouth.
“No no. Keep going. Please.” Crystal blushes, looking down at him.
She nuzzles him and smiles.
"You can't turn off just a section. That's not how tracks work. It's all or nothing." John frowns.
Mycroft frowns, still upset with himself and nods.
Carol rocks against him, kissing down his jaw and neck. "Mm fuck my mouth. Need to suck your cock."
He smiles and leans in to kiss him.
Greg almost cries when he sees the empty look in Sherlock's eyes. "Please, Sherlock. You need to eat." He pleads.
He smiles and leans up to kiss him.
Margaret kisses John deeply and gets naked, climbing into his lap.
He whimpers and nods, reaching for the lube and starting to stretch himself.
He whimpers and rocks back against his fingers, his cock throbbing.
He closes his eyes as he moans.
“He was upset that you thought he had a drinking problem.” Greg sighs.
He hums and pulls her close, his hand on the back of her neck
Another man pushes into his arse as the other pisses over his back.
“You take everything so well.” He growls out, thrusting faster.
Veronica cries out and comes hard suddenly.
“Good. I think this is the part where you take me to the couch and snog me for hours.” Sherlock nuzzles John, running his nose along John’s.
John smirks and turns the vibrator up to thirty, having it only been on fifteen. “I should take away your senses, only being able to feel your whole body vibrate with the pounding of the vibrator in your arse.” He hums. “How does that sound, little slut?”
Sherlock wraps his hand around John’s cock and strokes him.
Sherlock whimpers, his pants getting tight.
He blushes and nods, taking his hand and gasping softly as he places it over his erection in his trousers.
He whimpers. “Yes, sir.” He eases his fist out of himself.
“Love you, too, bee..”
“Have you ever been fucked before?” Sam nibbles. “Mm you know peter is really good as suckling.” Sky smirks. “Oh really?” Carol smirks.
He hums and holds him to his chest.
Sky smirks. 'Sherlock. Come down and eat with your brother.' She purrs inside his head, sending him a mental picture of what's happening.
Lydia moans loudly, pressing her breasts into his hand and rides him harder. "Fill me. Oh god please. Over and over. Knock me up constantly. I always want to be pregnant with your babies. Please." She begs. "Jesus. Just listen to her. You've don't that to her. You and your cock. You've turned her into this cumslut." Bryan smirks, fucking John harder and making Lydia bounce more.
“It is. Though it makes it terribly difficult to step out in sunlight.” Mycroft smiles, wanting Crystal to put her own safety before coming over for Camille. “Augustus and Alderose. And a select few of my Sired, who have been helping to prepare everything.” He explains.
He growls and groans as he comes hard into her.
"Okay." He smiles and they get up.
He gasps and whimpers, arching a bit. “S-Sorry..” He blushes, the fact that Sherlock and Mycroft were still on call making his cock leak.
“Me too.”
He moans and arches as Sherlock fucks him, looking up at Mycroft who is sitting next to his head.
“Well come on!” She grins and takes his hand, leading him over to the swings.
"Good." He smiles brightly.
Morna beams as she pulls away and slowly starts to add finger after finger into Kia, stretching her wide.
He whimpers breathily as he walks.
Sherlock nodded and did as John instructed. He gagged a bit as some water leaked down into his throat.
“You know what they’re like..” She says softly.
"Mm, not in my experience."
"Oh yeah? How so?" He chuckles softly.
Brent finds a point up in the shadows and snipes out Jake as well.
Sherlock looks back to Crow. He purses his lips before beginning. "You most likely joined the war because you felt like you were never good enough at home, with your family. You wanted to feel in charge of your life, which explains why you're shit at taking orders. You since then have failed to do much other than joining the war. You're also the reason John has his scar. He was saving your life and the evidence will forever be indented on his skin."
"John didn't tell me you were coming until today, so this is quite the pleasant surprise."
“Knowing the building inside out or no. If I drop you, you are dead, my pretty little seer.” Mycroft hisses, releasing his little fringed from her neck. “Who are you? What do you know of the other one?”
She moans and whimpers at the emptiness.
"If you could lift the ham into the oven that would be brilliant." She smiles and leads him to the kitchen where her mother and sisters are cooking.
He kisses his head and cuddles him.
She gasps and comes hard, squirting around them.
‘You know you were better at following directions as a human.’ Mycroft says softly.
Sherlock doesn’t even realize they’ve fallen asleep on the couch together until a little finger is poking him in the face.
He hums happily and kisses him back.
They soon find Mycroft with John and Cecil.
"What do you want?" She purrs, rubbing her clit teasingly.
'I love you, too. I'm good. Getting my nails done with Veronica.'
"Gave me a run for my money that's for sure." Eli laughs after the takes off his helmet.
“I’ll try,” Sherlock grumbled, hating it when his brother was right.
She giggles and blushes.
She holds him close, kissing him gently.
He hums softly and tapes his hands. "Mm, sure."
She moans loudly and comes a third time tightening around his cock.
“Mm?” John smiles.
Cecil goes in. “Hi.” He smiles softly and goes to Sherlock. “I umm.. I’m not going to be able to take you to the club today. I’m sorry, sweetie. But umm.. George had a heart attack this morning. He’s fine but I think we should postpone going to the club until he feels better.” He rubs Sherlock’s back.
He moans and arches as his holes are filled.
"I want Daddy's cock. Please please, Daddy!" He begs and fumbles which the buttons of his own shirt unable to open them.
He nods. “Brilliant..”
"Sit down. I'm going to make you tea."
He whimpers and closes his eyes.
“He’ll be okay.” Greg nods.
Mycroft bites back a moan as he presses into Taylol, “you can have me.” He murmurs. “Take me. Have me.” He moans, rocking his half hard cock into the God.
Greg winces. "So was mine! 12 god damed year. I walked in on things so many times I lost count. Tell me what happened last night. Tell me what you did. I can help you. It doesn't need to get any worse from here."
"Well done." Sky hums and claps.
“C-Collin, please..” He begs, whimpering.
'A lot.'
"Just tell me what you want and I'll make it happen." She smiles softly and squeezes his hand gently.
"Anything that you want to do."
She hums happily and kisses him.
‘He said he loves the taste of cum. I’m sure he would.’
She whimpers and arches, riding him harder.
“Mummy I’m thirsty.” Riley mumbles.
"Hot?" John shakes his head, "with my rumbled clothes, hair standing straight up and morning breath. Sure."
Greg sighs in relief as he's bound to the headboard. "I love you, My. I'm in your hands.."
He blushes and smiles shyly. “My dream is to work at the Smithsonian.”
He moans loudly and lets out a tight gasp. "Oh, yes!"
“At least your anger towards me will be real.”
John sighs, content.
"You're so beautiful.."
He hums happily as they go up to order.
Mycroft nods and gives Crystal some non-spiked blood. “It will dilute the alcohol, not make it as concentrated.” He explains.
Sherlock frowns and moves to go help Mycroft in the kitchen.
He groans and licks his lips.
He rolls his eyes and presses him against the bed.
John mutters against his back. "Don't stop fucking him." He presses in a finger.
Sherlock steps in behind him and mewls at the hot water as he relaxes.
"Oh hush." He smiles.
“I’m fine. Really. I more worried about Sky.” He sighs. “I’ve never seen her lose control like that..”
"No please be my guest." Sherlock smirks.
"Stay here.. Don't fucking move." John growls and walks out to the stairs closing the door behind him. John sees Mrs. Hudson come in with Sherrinford. "Mrs. Hudson please go into your flat." John says calmly as he slowly makes his way down the stairs.
He groans. "Good girl."
"Hmm I know.” He grins.
“I made it.” Greg smiles proudly.
He strips, he’s gained back all his muscle and even added more.
John slowly kisses to his chest. He presses soft kisses randomly before twirling his tongue around Sherlock’s nipple.
"Yours!" He gasps and moans.
"I-I wanted to be a good boy for you.." He whimpers and tilts his neck back for Mycroft. "Was I a good boy?"
Michael hums and presses against her.
He smiles softly as they leave to join the others.
Sky smiles softly and hugs Brent. “I’m sorry. I’m just happy for you.”
Cecil groans as Sherlock clenches around him, getting pulled deeper into him. “Good boy. Always such a good boy for Daddy.” He growls and starts thrusting, each thrust feeling deeper than the last.
"I know. I'll give you what you need." He kisses down his body once he's naked.
He leans over her to kiss her shoulder softly.
“Oh fuck, Harriet.” Mycroft grips Harry’s hips, pulling her down onto his cock. He’d never been inside an alpha before and the sensation made his brain sizzle and crackle.
Michael smiles and suddenly he's in trunks.
"I'll do my best. Who's my competition?"
He hums and nuzzles her.
They pile into the car and start driving.
“Well you look gorgeous. As usual.” Sharon smiles and she pulls back. “Who’ve you brought with you today?”
He nods. “Please, Mommy.”
She smiles against his lips and kisses him back.
She nods and kisses him softly, doing the same.
He smiles and kisses her back, slipping out of her.
“Sherlock? Sherlock!” John sounds so relived and rushes to Sherlock from the desk he was sitting behind reading. He pulls Sherlock into his arms and hugs him tight, pulling him in for a kiss. “I was so worried.” He mumbles and pulls back for a moment to look at Sherlock. He had a black eye and busted lip.
He yelps and begs for more.
Sherlock smiled. “I see. You still have a moustache.”
"Alright, but we'll talk later? And I'll check your back when we get home. Sooner, if you'll let me."
“As far as you want, love. You can push them all the way if you want.”
He shakily takes his hand.
He hums against him.
George tries to relax, the tightness getting stronger, making it harder to breathe. He does as Sky tells him when they pull up, opening his mouth for the tablet.
He smirks and pulls the plug out of him, teasing him with the head of his cock.
He kisses his head and holds him.
"Good. I'm going to do a few quick little things to test your reactions. Squeeze my hand, please." She holds out her hand to him.
Sherlock spreads his legs for him, his cock leaking.
"Mm.." He hums and nuzzles his cock.
"Yeah, I decided to stop here and I hoped you were still here."
She blushes and follows him.
“Okay?” He asks, voice a bit hoarse.
She moans loudly and arches, pushing them into his hands. Her nipples are hard as they brush against his hands and she gets wetter around his cock.
She giggles and smiles happily.
Michael frowns when he hears Turk again, trying not to get upset but his hand tightens in Jacob's.
She giggles and kisses him back.
“Mm I did. I’m well rested for my big surprise.” Maggie nuzzles him. “Get up to any mischief while I was sleeping?”
He smiles softly. "Alright, love."
“Oh thank you!” She nods and leads him to the couch. She has him sit and then she straddles his lap so her tits are right in his face.
Morgan bobs his head slowly and holds his arse cheeks apart as Issac rubs his cock against his hole.
"Mm?"
Sherlock watched carefully before doing the same thing.
“You should have known right there something was off. As if I’d ever stoop to a junior detective when I have a doctor.” Sherlock scoffs.
"Mm..then I'll just have to fulfill your needs as often as possible.." He drags his nails along his scalp and kisses his neck.
John hums and kisses Margaret’s cheek. “What happens at the orgies? Are you going to go to one?” He asks.
He bites his lip and nods again, still nervous.
She moans and arches, hips rocking.
He hums and presses her against the shower wall, nudging her legs apart.
He nuzzles him and presses against him.
“Okay. Thank you for being honest.” John smiles softly.
Greg smiles happily and wraps his arm around Mycroft's waist holding him close. John runs his fingers through Sherlock's hair carefully avoiding his bandage section.
Sherlock hums and kisses him, wrapping his hand around him again. "Fuck my fist."
"Want Daddy to bend you over the couch and fill your perfect arse?" He rocks up into him slowly, rubbing his cock over his jeans.
Jean kisses his cheek and Sky kisses the other.
Darius’ mouth starts to water as he smells all the food.
He whimpers as she gets everything right, rocking his hips a bit. "Yes.. god, that's all I've been thinking about. I can't fucking wait.. Your tits have already gotten bigger. They're going to pop out of your shirt, I swear to god. I wish you could just walk around naked, so I could always see how your body was changing." He whimpers as he thinks about it.
“You’ve seen the other girls cunts, yeah? Tell me what you liked about theirs.” She kisses his neck, fingers tracing over the skin between his arsehole and balls where she’d fit his cunt. “It’s gonna fit right here. Tell me the bits you liked from the other girls. Even your Mummy.”
“Want me to do your chest?” She smiles softly, knowing he doesn’t really like to show off his scars.
He opens his pants and slips his hand inside.
He bites his lip and tries to adjust himself in his trousers without anyone looking.
He smiles softly. “Soon.”
"I know." He brushes the hair out of his face gently. "There is nothing more selfless than that. Now you don't have to. Believe me she wants to do it. She wants to carry the baby. She knew that you were just going to do it because she wanted it."
Violet moans and comes hard as Sky squirts on her.
Sky blushes brightly and does as she's told immediately.
Turk looks up as she comes in.
"If he did it was probably one of Mycroft's men keeping an eye on him." John chuckles as a cab finally pulls over to take their fare. The two get in the back and give off their addresses to the driver. Before long they're well on their way home.
"You're not going to start sulking about the flat bemoaning your inability to get shagged now are you?" Sherlock asked suddenly.
"It's nice to see him acting more friendly towards people again." She went on. "I think you've done a lot of good since you came to live with us. Could you pick me up the large bag of sugar dear? No, sorry, that one. It's there on the bottom shelf. I always seem to run out right in the middle of a recipe. That's a love, thank you.
Sherlock turned to face John again, his face stricken with grief.
King James was a man with a ravenous appetite for death and destruction and as his army carved northward, he promised to decimate any town or village he came across that would not claim loyalty to him. Slaughtering all those who refused to stand at his side. His sanguinolency seemingly unstoppable.
Giving him an appreciable nod, John slid in beside Sherlock and the cabbie pulled off. "Alright?"
I imagine Dr. Sipe as being played by Liam Neeson.
"I need a pen." Sherlock muttered and came back to stand in John's proximity. He bent double and rummaged through John's bedside table without asking, pushing around his Browning and an unused box of condoms until he finally produced a ballpoint with a chewed on cap and gave a calculated look to the small, worn notebook.
Little did the quaint men from Umberland of the North know that they would not have wait long to see it in use.
"I'd never forget that face."
"Well, I just--how would you describe it?"
He stops briefly by the Queen Mother, but she waves him off. "Thank you but no. And it doesn't look as though Dr. Watson will be having any tea either. I'm afraid we'll have to move straight on to the savouries."
He'd resigned himself to return to Baker Street, if only for the fact that he had a shift to do at the hospital in the early afternoon. And he'd just pointed himself in that direction, when his mobile had buzzed.
"For what? The black market?" Lestrade asked.
"You're sorry?" John rebuked, the anger blistering inside him made his voice loud. "You're sorry? For what? Sherlock, you have nothing to be sorry for."
Sherlock felt the best method for this particular story was in his practiced stream of consciousness, knowing it to be as good a protection as his Belstaff to his character. He fell into it easily: "We were roommates, initially, and I spent the summer with him and his father at his family estate in Norfolk at their behest.
Steve groans and comes hard into his arse as he squeezes around him.
Sherlock and Mycroft move closer. Sherlock hums softly. "How about we get our cocks sucked?"
John shuddered at the energy radiating off of Sherlock. He’d been right then, about Sherlock’s feelings towards him. Which was good, this would have been an awkward trip otherwise. When Sherlock pulled the car into the small car park located beside their lodging, John is reluctant to step out of the car, it having become a hotbox for Sherlock’s energy. Managing to pull himself out of the car he followed Sherlock inside.
They pound into her.
He mewls and kisses him back deeply.
She smiles. "Oh, thank you, Sky."
She moans breathily as they go deeper. "You two have always wanted to do this to me, haven't you? Fuck me at the same time. Fill me. Breed me."
"Good boy." She kisses him and rocks against him.
He groans and chuckles. "Fucking prick.."
'Of course.' Sky smirks and puts them in his head.
He groans as he watches. "So fucking sexy.. I want you all to squirt all over me."
“Mm yes you are.” Sky smiles. “I think I have just the dress.” She pulls back and looks through the clothes. “Perfect.” She pulls out a shirt gold dress with sparkle fringe, perfectly cut to show off Mrs. Hudson’s cleavage.
He whimpers and arches his back. "John.. Oh, John.."
"No, it's nice." John tells him with a small smile. "Really nice. We could probably use it."
He holds her hips close, pushing his tongue into her.
He blushes and gasps. "Ah.. Daddy.."
Collin smiles and takes some more pictures.
He holds him close and rubs his back soothingly.
Sherlock trots down the stairs and out the door, flagging down a cab.
She smiles softly and nuzzles him.
“Yes and no. She wants to be involved in cases again and I told her she can only come to the lab or the station. Plus I wanted to talk to you. Two birds, one stone.” Sherlock nods.
Leona smiles happily. “Have you and Maggie played before?” She asks, remembering Maggie having said something to that effect.
"Good boy." He praises, hand moving up his thigh.
"Such a pretty sight.."
The doctor nods and goes over to look at Mycroft's chart.
He gets out with her.
She smirks and rubs her clit more.
Five:" John paused and sighed, understanding Sherlock's fear all too well now. "We'll do what we can to keep you and the baby healthy. I can't make any promises, but isn't that the whole reason we're seeing the doctor today? To make sure what we learned in Paris is true? That the tiny human you're creating in there is resting comfortably?"
He hums softly and wraps his arms around Greg, pulling him closer.
"Mm." He smiles and leans against him.
"Best years of my life so far." He smiles brightly. "What are we talking about, gents?" Calvin, Anna's husband, asks as he comes over.
'Chloe is going into labor. Walking around the zoo helped move it along.'
Violet groans and rocks her hips. "They'll fuck you until you can't walk."
“Feel free to use whatever you want, toys, ropes, each other.” Sky smirks as the women explore the whore house. A shy younger woman makes her way to Violet, blushing as she looks at her belly. “How far along are you?”
Magdala sighs and wraps her arm around John. “Son, it’s okay. He’ll get over it.” She says softly. “He’s just upset that he can’t help.”
“Wow..” John nods as he looks around.
John smiles and kisses him. “Do you need sunscreen on?” He asks.
Sherlock blushes and smiles, walking into the kitchen. "Sugar and honey, please."
“I told her to be careful. She doesn’t listen to me.” He sighs. “Does she want me there? Do you think I should come?” He bites his lip, knowing she’s having his triplet girls.
Greg's hole twitches in anticipation. "You're a sexual mastermind. What about that one?" Greg points to the next toy.
"Of course." She smiles and checks his vitals before leaving.
"Good boy. Look how desperate he is." James purrs.
She looks up and kisses him softly.
John and Sherlock are up early. Far earlier than their teenagers. They look at each other over their coffee and smile. Today's the day and they aren't quite sure how they feel about it.
She slowly her thrusts and rubs her hips soothingly. "Good girl. Such a good girl." She praises softly.
“I want you.” Sherlock blushes and nods, moving to sit on John’s lap.
"How are you?" She snuggles him.
“Oh god, really?” John gives a half groan half chuckle. “I didn’t know I still did that. What did we talk about?” He relaxes into Sherlock’s hold.
He groans. "Can't say I haven't thought about him." He rocks his hips, knowing she loves it when he talks about being with another man.
Sherlock holds onto him, blushing as he's carried.
Sherlock wraps his arm around John’s waist as he looks at the picture, holding John close. “I wish I could have met them..”
Mycroft strokes Crystal’s hair softly. “Come on sis. We can talk more after the meeting. Let’s dry those eyes and redo your makeup, make you good as pretty as always for Camille.” He says softly.
"I love you.." They both murmur.
He gasps and moans. "B-Brian.. I.. b-blindfold me.."
She whimpers softly and bites her lip.
He closes his eyes and lets out a low groan. "On your back? Hands and knees? Riding me?"
**Promises promises.--Chloe** She nearly whimpers, knowing all this teasing is going to make him fuck her so hard she scream.
"Fine.. I've never told anyone that I didn't want them."
"You need to put all your men out to find Sky. One of Sebastian's men has her."
Crystal kisses him as she strokes him. “So good. So good for me.”
“Position yourself so we can fuck you.”
She cuddles closer and kisses him again.
“Alright.” He smirks and kisses Sherlock.
He holds him close, hands going down his back.
Sherlock closes his eyes as he plays and Greg sings.
“Okay?”
“Ohh you’re right.” She bites back a moan.
He frowns.
He gasps and whimpers, his hips rutting a bit. "Yes, sir."
She cuddles into him.
"I know.." She rests her hand over his as the babies kick. "It'll be alright. The base has the most advanced medical equipment and training known to man. Or powerful being for that matter. It would actually probably be better if I had them there. Sometimes when people with power give birth things can get.. Out of hand very quickly. They'd be able to handle it. And me." She sighs. "I want you to come. Who ever want to come can come. I need you lot there. I'm might be going to be taking over an empire and giving birth so it's going to be a very trying week."
She moans breathily and meets him thrusts for thrust. Her arse jiggles as he pounds into her and her nipples start to drip as they rub on the bed.
“Of course.” He deepens the kiss slowly. “Mm we leave in a few hours. By the time we get back in a few days you should be good and knocked up.” He nips at his lips.
"Mm, of course, Mummy. I'll take such good care of her."
He holds him as John goes to check on sky.
"Alright. That'll be fun." Greg smiles. "If you two are going to be drinking take a cab."
Sherlock chuckles softly and licks at his throat.
“Good boy.” He hums as he looks him over.
Sherlock takes him out of his trousers and pants, leaning in to lick at the head of his cock.
He blushes. "I want you to pick it out."
Sky is in bed with her back pressed to Turks chest, his hands on her belly. She looks up at him as he comes in and smiles softly.
"Oh fuck." He groans and flops back into bed.
"I love you, too, gorgeous.." He nuzzles him.
The cub soon comes out of the water, shaking himself dry.
Sherlock drops his gaze. “Never..”
Sherlock arches, leaking already. "Please. Tie me up and use me like a whore. Please, Mikey. Want two, three, four cocks in me at all times. Fit as many as you can in my arse."
She swirls her tongue around his cult before dipping it into him, fucking him with her tongue slowly.
“Better, dear?”
He smirks and follows her in.
"Mycroft, pull your fingers out and push into Collin. Do not move. Let Collin fuck himself as he fucks Sherlock." Carol orders.
Greg smiles and looks down at Crystal’s breasts. “They’re beautiful.”
Sherlock follows her. "Who will Molly meet?"
“Everyone make it over okay?” Sky asks, pressing back against him.
“Hi.” Sky pants a bit, the urge to change into canine form making her skin crawl.
**I know.. Everything will be back to normal soon. I promise.--MH** Mycroft bites his lip and wishes he was there with John to comfort him in person.
Michael frowns a bit, feeling bad for him but still not liking him very much.
Jason chuckles softly as he kisses Sherlock’s neck, seeing Mel peek around the corner.
“Here we are.” Margaret shows them into a large bedroom with an attached bathroom.
Enzo makes his way back to the room.
"I do. I only have to work till Wednesday though so when you come down with Collin I'll be all yours." John hums and nuzzles him.
“Of course there is. I see it every time we talk. You still care.” Mycroft says softly. “You care about me, and Sherlock. About Crystal. About our race, about humans surviving. Giving them a choice. You care so much and the most human thing you can have.” Mycroft explains.
oo1. Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce are (to me) the orginal Holmes and Watson. but I couldn't leave out the incomparable Jeremy Brett and David Burke as Grenada Holmes and Watson either. so I threw them both in there.
He was stripping his hands up and down Sherlock's arms in an effort of friction now, torn as to whether he should strip his own button up off and hand it over when Sherlock read his mind.
John sat back, realizing something. "You won't. That's what it is, isn't it? You won't touch him because he's more valuable to you out in the world causing trouble." He sneered, absolutely disgusted, folding his arms across his chest. He made note of the car's continual right turns, figuring that it was circling the block. His blood was boiling. "How do you sleep at night? Knowing you could do something about it and instead doing nothing at all? Hm?"
"There's no need to be embarrassed, John. You've seen me shirtless multiple times."
It was not until half a year before the Battle for Umberland of the North did fate began to unravel between them.
John shifted in his seat, tugging roughly at his coat, folding his arms across his chest. "Yeah, well. You're usually good about getting what you want."
no hero. Surely!
"Have you come to recant my knighthood then?"
He wasn't mad then.
He should. But he can't.
"Ah. I see."
Slowly, so as not to spook him, Sherlock lifted his hands and took John gently by the face, cupping his chin in his long, warm fingers. His thumbs catching the tears as they fell.
Sherlock shakes his head, raking his bottom lip in with his teeth and closing his eyes.
"Yes. Well," Sherlock lowers his head again, "I had to ensure that you remained hydrated while you were ill...while at the same time ensuring that you continued to be under the effects of the ethylene glycol. It seemed the most expedient method for both needs."
His repeat statement brooked no argument. "Look at me."
"And then on top of all that you use me, you USE me for sex, which you don't even like, because you are so FUCKING SELFISH that you need to make yourself feel better because you went out, you took a man out to play my doppleganger and you end up getting him murdered. You become duplicitous in his death and then you come back to me, the real me, to what? Absolve yourself? To make yourself feel better about what you've done? Oh you selfish SELFISH bastard."
John watched the folder singe and curl and finally combust into a small, gasping conflagration. The papers inside blackening before turning to dust. Some little flakes escaped the boundary of the grates and drifted softly to the floor. Putting an end to the matter.
"Shall I examine it then? While we wait?" John sighed, asking Sherlock. He needed something to do besides just stand here and freeze.
John came.
"Yes."
"I don't know sir," admitted the officer, "Mr. Anderson asked us not to do anything until the Detective Inspector comes 'round. All I know is that it was found in the water."
"Pet policy? Oh, you mean the, uh--" he gestured upstairs. "It's only temporary Mrs. Hudson. For a case. Trust me, I don't want it here anymore than you."
John flipped it over and studied it, sighing pointedly at its simple Kanji characters and the additional pile of confusion on top of what he believed was the start of a humming headache.
“They will be. I promise.” She nods and let’s the silence fill the space between them for a while. “What do you do for fun?” She asks, finally looking up at him.
She wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him as she rocks her hips slowly.
“Mm I’ll pump you full and then we’ll all use you.”
Michael turns the crank, stretching her more.
Mycroft takes his hand and tugs him up off the couch, leading him to the bedroom. Pushing him gently onto the bed, he sinks to his knees, looking up at him. As his fingers undo the buttons of the shirt.
He leans against the bathroom counter with his arms crossed and a smirk on his face. "Predictable much?" He signs a tilts his head in just that way that it's clear that he's messing with Mycroft.
He hums. "A-Alright."
Mycroft whimpers and moans quietly at the stretch. "Oh, Gregory.."
"Come on, you. I'm in no shape to carry your arse." She giggles and smiles.
Greg nods. “I know. And I’ll be there by her side.”
“Trying to keep me too?” Sherlock snorts, handing John his plate.
"He lasts forever too. He can fuck you for ages. Making you come over and over."
“How do you think it makes me feel that when you were telling your toy what names to read, you left me off? You value me at nought. To you, I shouldn’t exist.” Myropis states.
He smiles and kisses her softly.
Lydia whines, desperately wanting him to touch her.
He presses kisses to his head.
“That’s it.. watch your boss take two cocks up his arse.” He smirks, starting to fuck her again.
“Well I was born a long long long long long long long long long time ago.” Kia nods. “I’m Da.. John’s oldest child even though I don’t look like it. So a couple thousand years old.” She looks at the bunny. “But the age people perceive me as changes depending on how I feel. When I feel very safe in littler. When things are scary I get bigger.” She shrugs.
He smirks a bit. "Mm, now who's hungry?"
Morna moans as her orgasm is prolonged.
John licks his lips. “Could always use something.”
"Nope." He smiles and kisses his hands.
Ms. Cheyenne watches them fuck her.
"Red pants. V-very nice."
He takes his hand as the show starts up again.
“Just don’t touch my back and shoulders and I’ll be okay,” Sherlock says softly, continuing to rub John's back.
Sky giggles and squirms a bit ticklish.
He scowls a bit before quickly covering it up. "Dare."
Martha blushes as she pulls Sky closer.
“I like your company. I like spending time with you. I think you're funny and charming. Not to mention attractive.” Greg smiles at him, wiping his hands in a towel.
Michael was still blushing as they came into view.
“Who can do it best? Who do you like to fuck best?” Sherlock mewls, squeezing around Udos’ cock teasingly.
John smiles and climbs to Sherlock, “my ass is definitely sore.” He smiles. “Be careful when you put me down.”
Pythia nods. “That’s right. Would you like to show your toys to Nathaniel and Luciel?” She asks, looking to the children.
Mycroft and Cecil fuck him harder, getting as deep as they can.
Zack smiles and nuzzles her.
Sherlock leans in and kisses John, wanting to taste what his giggles tasted like.
John smiles and leans down, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s.
John chuckles and relaxes under his hands. “I’m glad you approve.”
He nods and cuddles up to him as he falls asleep.
Leona blushes. “I’ll never get used to how sex is such a liberal subject.”
“Good girl.” John beams. “On three Sherlock, we pull out and give Margaret this. Ready, one, two, three.” He pulls out and pushes the plug deep into her, stopping any come from leaking out.
Mycroft smirks. "Daddy loves how you carry his babies. Such a good breeding whore for Daddy. Just a hole for my seed."
“How many babies did you give Maggie?” John asks, rubbing at his aching cock.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mm i can see that."
He puts his hand over Jason’s.
"Fantastic!" George smiles.
"I'm large, round, and horny all the time. What could be better?"
Lydia comes back with Anthea in tow. "Everyone ready?" Lydia asks.
Sherlock blushes as he sees the man, his cock twitching. He looks back to John to make sure it was okay.
Magdala nuzzles into Mycroft’s chest.
"I love you, too.." He lays next to him and holds him. He kisses him softly.
She giggles and nuzzles him.
“And I’m still ginormous.” Mycroft giggles, his stomach wobbling as he does so.
Collin moans loudly and comes hard into Sherlock as he clenches around him.
"Only the best for you." He moans and fucks himself with two fingers.
He blushes as he looks at everything, his cock achingly hard.
John lets go of his hand and brings it up to cup Sherlock's cheek, "I know you don't but that's okay. I understand. It's going to take time for you to trust that I won't leave again."
Mycroft frowns and bites his lip. "We need to do something."
He groans and starts to fuck him harder.
He bobs his head slowly as he adds a second finger.
Greg nods and smiles. “I didn’t know if a witch would keep a supply of blood for vampires when none live here.”
"Fuck yes." He growls, getting close.
“Hold on to Kia’s hand.” John nods and snaps his fingers, transporting them.
He groans and spills over his hand. "Sherlock.." He whimpers.
"Mister popular." Sky smirks.
“I got him off a murder charge by proving he was in another city selling drugs. These gifts are his gratitude for not being locked up for murder.”
"Throw it away. Flush it. Hell, I don't know! You're focussing entirely upon the wrong aspect of this whole situation!" Sherlock's eyes were back towards the crowd, glancing about in hopes of finding his mark again before looking back down, taking John by the biceps, making his statement insistent. "I would not have taken it David. Believe me."
"I thought he was dead. He died!"
"Thank...you?" John wasn't sure if he'd heard a compliment in there.
His id was beginning to stir.
At seventeen twenty-three in the afternoon, it showed a withdrawal of two thousand pounds that had to have been made by Sherlock while John had been out at work. He blinked at the screen for a moment, then shifted, his gaze falling onto the folder on the table absently.
I think that's it. as always, thanks for sticking with me!!! we're almost at the end! can you believe it?
"If it will make you feel more at ease." John took that deflection as a yes and played along.
The car park yawns before them, headlights piercing through the darkness like a beacon of hope. There is a dark figure standing next to the running vehicle. Tipped omnisciently on his brolly.
And so John kissed him, pouring all the love he had into those soft rouged lips and was pleased to find the same love flow back in return.
'And hurry up. Take the perpendicular street North and then straight ahead from there. You'll know when you've arrived.' - SH
John kicks his heels, bumping the table, but his body is heavy. Filled with too much sand.
Blood would flow freely down his sharp chin, failing to soil the clothing of feathers that still enveloped the rest of his body. And too quickly, he would be upon him! Dismissing the King's corpse entirely in favor of taking hold of Sherlock's arms. Trapping his hands at his sides as he licked into Sherlock's open mouth which had been open to cry out.
One turquoise eyeball peaks out from over the sheet's edge. "We are." Sherlock pouts. "I'm staying here with the witness and you're going to go investigate the crime scene. Thus utilizing our strength in numbers."
John laughed at Sherlock's intense observation, which was abruptly turned into a cracking gasp as Sherlock's broad hand encircled him firmly again, wetted by a lick, and gave it a cursory stroke to keep it hungry. From then on, Sherlock moved as if this were a wholly new creature in the realm of discovery. Like he'd been starved at the sight of another man's cock. His kaleidoscope eyes never leaving that spot as he explored the area surrounding it with fingertips and resolute presses of his mouth.
And it makes John's heart peel apart.
For what did a cave compare to the jewel it held inside?
"So you /are/ interested." Sherlock intoned with narrowed eyes.
"Apologies John." He mumbled, standing from his stoop and turning away to cover what John clearly saw was embarrassment on his behalf. "It's been a while since I've had decent company and I've been told I have the tendency to ...blather."
From this day hence he is to serve as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard to Prince Sherlock Holmes at Castle Appledore. In any and all manners required of him until death or King's decree does release him."
And then Bill leaned forward. . . and the dream turned into a nightmare.
The look he imagined cresting Sherlock's face, the /hurt/ that would be there...it made his heart want to seep from his body and wash down the drain beneath his toes. Shit, what was he doing?
But John would do it. Of course he would. He would do anything Sherlock asked of him.
"Gah--Shrrrlo--" John was squirming with anticipation now, writhing in embarrassment, the veins in his neck standing out as he fidgeted. He was waffling on the precipice of a brand new world of satisfaction and the guilt of taboo, and he made his final decision in a breathy, choked voice: "Yes. Please."
That did it. The endcap consonants in the word 'cock' spilling so easily from that pink fleshed mouth about something so petty and self-centered but spoken with such earnest that it tipped the scales of interest into desire. "Oooohh Jeeeeezus. That shouldn't be working like that." John fidgeted, embarrassed, and felt the warm rush of blood pool straight into the sweet spot. Sherlock's flat hands resumed sliding up and down his thighs, swirling close to his groin and mussing his pubic hair fitfully. John panted and his abdominal muscles clenched appreciatively when he strayed close. "You're a bad man."
This display that had disturbed him deeply. And didn't understand.
He presses his lips to Sherlock's lax mouth, but it isn't the same without the madman kissing back, and an ugly noise rises unbidden from him as he clambers to his feet. That this may be the last time he would ever touch this man again is nearly anathema.
"Oh. I just meant, well, I was talking about Sherlock's ear. If everything's alright with that. I mean, I'm sure it is, I just...you're a doctor. Of course it's fine." She resigned herself to a small, mousy smile.
"Oh my god." John couldn't help his palm when it slapped up against his head at his own idiocy. How? HOW could he have been so dim? HOW ON EARTH could he have /forgotten/ who he was dealing with? Even for a millisecond?
Completely flummoxed, John did so. But slowly. He kept his eyes fixed upon the far wall as he did so, unwilling to look at the Prince directly, for he did not know if that would be considered offensive.
Sherlock's cut glass eyes glance at John briefly before turning back to the Queen Mother. "You'll have to forgive me, Angela. There were a few other more pressing matters I had to attend to. But I'm here now, perhaps we can talk."
John shakes his head in amusement.
He chuckles. “If only I had know. Then.”
Sherrinford glares at him. "Very well. I suppose I will just have to return."
"I've no idea how their parents would take it, though.." He sighs a bit.
He holds her hips, pulling her back down onto his cock with each thrust.
He hums softly. “Come sleep with me, love. Miss having my husband next to me..”
John sees Crystal walk with Greg. “Shit, Greg. What’s happened, Crystal?” He asks, following her, and squeezing Magdala’s hand tightly.
Mycroft smiles and chuckles. "You're so cute."
'Sleep, baby..'
His eyes widen and he feels like his breath is knocked out of him. He reaches out and puts his hands on her belly, smiling brightly. "You look amazing.."
Michael's eyes widen. "Two years?"
"James.." He whines.
He stretches up a bit and kisses him back.
“Please.” She blushes brightly when she realizes she can’t get herself out of the swing.
He blushes. "I mean, he knows that I've fucked you. Just not that you're pregnant."
She hums softly and looks down, pouting a bit when she sees how flat her belly is.
“Zacky..” Sky purrs, nuzzling him through his trousers.
“I like everything you make.” Sherlock smiles.
"Well I am always available for your sleeping needs." She giggles and smiles.
He blushes brighter and nods. “You tell them what to do to me. You decide how dirty they make me. I want to be your good boy. Your dirty used whore.”
"Are you alright?"
"You, Daddy. Daddy's cock."
Lydia comes in and checks Sherlock's vitals. She writes in his chart.
He relaxes and rocks his hips. “Fuck me.”
"Good." He smiles softly.
“You know in the old stories how there was an angel who fell to earth? Because he didn’t like the humans? Because he defied God and God cast him out? I fell in love with that angel and he with me. That angered God and... God made that angel the ruler of hell and banished him there. God made it so I could never die and if I did my soul is gone so I cannot go to heaven or hell.”
"What do you want, sexy? Do you want me to push up against the wall and fuck you?" He smirks and bites at his throat.
“Yeah..” She hums and nods.
Carol moans and wraps her legs around his shoulders
"You like having your brother's cock in you? Like being my slut?"
"Mm you want Turk to fuck you?" He smirks.
“Should I knock him out again?” Magdala asks.
Eli chuckles and pets Sherlock’s hair. “Good cockslut.”
She nods, pressing closer.
“Of course she is.” Chloe smirks, gathering Mel’s slick on her fingers. “Look how wet she is. I haven’t even put a finger in her yet.” She shows Zack her wet fingers. Mel blushes brightly, slipping deeper and deeper into subspace as they play with her.
George nods and heads up to her room.
She moans louder and louder as he fucks her harder, stroking him through her belly.
"Mm so hard for me. Such a good boy." She praises and strokes him over his trousers. "Mm take me to bed."
"I promise.." She nods and winces as she wipes a tear away from her black eye.
He moans and closes his eyes, spreading his legs wider for Collin.
Sherlock's breath hitches and he makes a small noise into the kiss.
Greg looks absolutely shocked, feeling like he’s stepped into an alternative reality.
"Mm hi." Sky hums, looking up for a kiss.
“My father taught me how to be an alpha male. How to fuck. How to please a mate.”
He smiles and sits next to him.
He kisses him back, closing his eyes.
He smiles and presses kisses to her face.
He kisses Sherlock on the lips, then pulls back his scarf long enough to swipe his tongue over Sherlock's bite. "Go," he says softly, "I'll be here when you get back. Tell Molly I said hello."
Chloe blushes as they help her inside.
"You're in your prime, my dear." Mycroft smiles. "And you're beautiful."
He moans and whimpers. "Oh Christ.."
He bites his lip and nods, doing as Sherlock begged.
“Yes I suppose so.” Mycroft chuckles softly and nods. “I do want you to know that I do love your mother. I love her very much and everything I did I thought was best to protect us both. What I didn’t realize was that it hurt us more that not.” Mycroft says softly.
He shows him the plug with a smirk.
"Soon baby. Almost home."
Sherlock smiles fondly at him. "I love you too."
Sherlock races over to John, sliding under John’s body just in time to act as a pillow so John’s head doesn’t hit the ground.
hid this from me,” John says angrily.
“Of course.” Margaret smiles and opens the car door showing her the same models that had.
She giggles and smiles up at him.
He blushes. “Please..”
Sherlock gasps quietly into his mouth as John gives him time to relax a bit.
They go up to see Mycroft.
He blushes brighter. "O-Oh."
She sighs and kisses him. “Help me up, please.”
He moans around him and swallows him down easily.
"Feels so good.. Fuck, I missed this.. Missed you.."
"You were perfect."
Greg teaches Sherlock the sexual signs and all the basic signs. "You've got it pretty good now. Let's try having a basic conversation totally in sign."
He nods. “Yes, sir.” He gets up and pushes into Sally.
Mycroft hums and puts his arm around Sherlock's waist. "Good shot, Bee."
"Mm. It's a nurse shark. I'm surprised you don't know that, Doctor." He teases.
“You know it is.” She whimpers.
He blushes and hides his face. Mycroft smiles. "Beautiful.."
John watches the drip and calculates it'll take twenty minutes until the bag is empty. After a few minutes, Moriarty begins writhing in pain. More restraints are added, thick leather straps binding his arms and legs to the chair. In the end, all he can do is move his head and hips. Groans and grunts of pain escape around the gag. Joann watches him writhe. She gets up and goes to the window, watching. Her children get up with her and flank her sides. John places a hand on her back while Harry takes one of her hands.
“Sexy.” Maggie giggles.
“No actually. It’s a gift from an old dealer. Not accepting it would have offended him which would be an unsafe and unwise decision. It’s been making me feel.. guilty? All day.” Sherlock doesn’t look at John.
'A.. A family?'
Diōnē nods. “I want you to go, and Pythia. Pythia will help you through everything.” She promises, still crying.
"Such a good boy." John praises softly and kisses his head.
Mycroft blushes and obeys, lifting up his arms.
He blushes as he holds onto him.
“Love being your slut, Mikey!” He moans loudly, rocking back against him.
Mycroft frowns and gets up, moving to stand by Greg's chair. "Gregory..?"
She hums happily and kisses him back.
"Finally.." She smiles and kisses him.
“Like that?” He smirks and thrusts harder into her.
“Just everything. Protecting me. Loving me. Showing me this life.” John smiles.
"I appreciate that...I can't do domestic things." Sherlock said quietly.
Lydia purrs softly and leans back against her. "Mm you are wonderful.." She smiles.
“Rode Steve, baby. I’ll push into you.” Cecil smiles and eases his fingers out.
Anthea blushes and does as she’s told.
“Sky sent teams to take care of the facilities. She said she would be here soon.”
John whimpers and bucks his hips into his hand.
“What should we tell her?”
She whines and arches back for him.
"I'll be down in a moment... fresh clothes.." he says haltingly, heading up to his room where the window is still wide open.
"I thought, a date? Dinner... maybe cake and then dessert after?" He says, hoping Sherlock catches his meaning, "Mycroft still here? I thought I heard a car leave."
They look at him as he comes over.
He whimpers and drags his nails over his skin as he tries to hold onto him.
Sherlock nods and rubs her arm. “You’re going to be okay.” He promises.
She smiles happily and kisses his head.
“Good.” He smiles and rubs his back. “What’re you getting to drink?”
Sherlock's kisses and sucks his neck as he reaches for the lube.
He smirks. "Take your trousers and pants off."
Mycroft hums and pours them both a scotch.
“What do you like, Sherlock.” He hums as he looks at Sherlock’s cock.
“Fuck.” Mycroft scrubs his hands over his face.
She trembles as she comes hard and tightens her legs around him wanting him to keep fucking her.
She kisses him back gently.
John wraps the blanket tighter around them before shuffling closer and holding Sherlock tightly. “You’re going to be okay. I’m sorry that there’s only going to be us two. I wish there was more. I really wish there was more.” He says sadly, missing his friends and siblings and fellow Gods.
“Come to Mummy.” She purrs.
She nods. “Bath..”
'Thank you.'
“2011. He thinks it’s 2011. Before we were together. He doesn’t remember us being a couple. He thinks we’re just flat mates.” Sherlock took the bag a nurse handed him and planted his face against the opening.
She smiles softly and kisses him gently, rocking slowly.
Greg suddenly realizes that means that he was trying to kill his father.
He moans loudly, each thrust making him fuck Carol harder.
“Livestock. Joann, you may be on to something there.” Anthea says and pulls out her phone.
Greg chuckles. "I'll always try to be strong enough to hold you up." He says meaning it physically and emotionally.
He nods and kisses his chest in thanks.
Mycroft holds Greg close. “I love you.”
“Good girl..”
Sherlock holds him close and kisses his head. "I'm happy you today went to well for you.."
Violet hums. “Ready?”
"I won't." A soft voice said behind him. "That's what I've been trying to tell you, Sherlock." John stood in the doorway, leaning against the jamb, arms crossed over his chest. "But you've not let me get a word in edgewise." He sighs, closing his eyes for a moment, gathering his thoughts. "I love you, you tit. I've been trying to tell you since last Saturday." He sighs. "As Mycroft as my witness, and I pray to high heaven that I never have to say
Lydia blushes and frowns. "She didn't have to.. I'm not worth her getting hurt over.."
Greg smiles softly.
Sherlock waves down a cab and pulls John in after him. “221 Baker Street.” He tells the cabbie, his words slurred. He tugs John close in the cab, having seen him shiver a bit while they were waiting. “It’s freezing tonight. Maybe it’ll snow.”
Dave goes up to him, not knowing he owns the place. “Hey, do you work here?”
“You deserve to eat.” She says softly, knowing part of Jim’s torture was convincing you that you didn’t deserve to live let alone eat or breathe.
The nurse helps Molly do everything, telling her what she’s going to do before she does it.
Greg nods. “I will. Are you able to magic rope? I’ll tie my hands up, if you’d prefer.” He offers.
He follows him back to the table.
She whimpers and kisses him back deeply, holding onto him.
Michael blushes and smiles as he gets out. "Thank you."
He chuckles softly against his lips and deepens the kiss.
Sherlock's vision is going in and out, as is his consciousness. He blinks, trying to focus on John's words. He shakes his head, trying to form a sentence. "I.. I don't.."
As he asks, the door bangs open and Augustus and Alderose steps in. Augustus clicks his fingers at John. “Give me your seat, human.” He growls.
He groans. "Of course, Mummy.."
Mel blushes and smiles shyly.
He moans loudly as he pulls out of her as she keeps squirting. "Holy shit, Sky."
"I think so.." She nods.
He moans breathily. “Should I be more open about it in public, Daddy? Let everyone know where I belong and what I am?”
Mycroft blushes, looking back at Sky.
'You're so handsome.' She smiles and nuzzles him, purring softly as his stubble attaches her cheek.
She nuzzles him and hums softly.
"Oh..." Sherlock nodded.
‘What’re you making?’
Crystal nods, barely able to keep her eyes open.
He kiss him back softly.
They play and play, John winning some and Sherlock winning other but Greg never wins. “I guess this just isn’t my game.” Greg chuckles.
Mycroft chuckles softly and tilts his head up to kiss him. “I’ll let you try again, yeah?”
“I’ll go.” Kia grins.”
He smirks. "Good girl."
“And greedy.” He slowly fucks him with his fingers before adding a third.
"Horrid.."
"Of course, Sherl.."
Sky smiles softly and stops, holding her hand out for him to smell.
She smiles softly and kisses him gently.
He leans down to bite his neck, thrusting harder.
He hums and pulls them out of his head.
"Have I caused us to be in an accident yet?" He smirks.
Mycroft nuzzles his neck, his confidence growing. "You feel so good, Gregory..."
He eagerly drops to his knees, undoing Zack's trousers and pulling out his cock.
“When Camille gets a new child she will try to please them anyway she can. No matter who it hurts, as a show of confidence with them.” Diōnē shrugs, “it will wear off soon.”
"Fuck.. You feel so good.." She whines.
Darius keeps down low. ‘Sorry, I was watching the pups and comforting Dark.’
Greg frowns and nods. "I.. We're here for you."
He whimpers and looks at him, gasping as Sherlock pushes into him.
"I'm sorry, doing what?" Michael manages to speak up.
"That's all I do." She huffs and pulls away from him, going to pour the tea.
"Well, I'm already hard." John says, "I ate so much for lunch it actually looks like I'm bloody pregnant. You've filled me with so many pups I'm only going to be able to fit into elastic waistbands for the next nine months."
Mycroft hums and nods. “Of course. Any room you like. There’s a spare suite as well. If Camille needs to speak with me you can contact me or see me any time.”
He gasps and moans, relaxing his body as he takes her cock.
She grins and kisses him back.
She smiles and relaxes into him as she finishes her breakfast. "Mm you should probably meet my dad before everyone finds out you've gotten me pregnant."
He nods and relaxes a bit against him.
He smiles and rolls his eyes. "I'll go put on some bloody pants."
“Oh no. I’d be your child. Treat me as you’d treat your child. I’d still have to learn out to behave and be a child of a witch and a vampire.” Diōnē smiles softly.
Mycroft moans as he feels the twins kick, thrusting harder as she rides him.
She kneels in front of him and opens her mouth, blushing as she looks up at him.
“You did so good.” Morna kisses Sherlock. “If one of you gets under me and the other over my back it’ll be easier for you both to fuck me at once.” She mumbles to John and Udos.
John laughs into the kiss. "Come on. Let's go home."
“Good.” Sherlock nods and gets into bed, relaxing on his side. “How are you feeling? Have you eaten?”
“Oh John.” Morna moans and arches, her hips rocking. “Green for now.”
Crystal moans, “I love you.”
She pulls him in for a hug, knowing he'll be gentle.
Sherlock moans and presses against him. "Mikey.."
Sky nuzzles Tucker, still nice and impaled on his cock.
Greg kisses him back and nips at his lips.
"Such a good boy. My good boy." Collin praises and caresses Sherlock's reddened arse cheeks as John pushes in a third finger.
"The night bus victim from two nights ago, John! Remember?" Sherlock pivoted towards Lestrade excitedly. "You've discovered correlations between them. You and Gregson are pooling evidence. Our killer is developing a pattern. Alas! Tell me everything. No. Wait. Shut up. I want to see for myself..." Sherlock was practically vibrating with excitement, muttering to himself. "Oh this is too good...this is just what I needed!"
John allowed himself a moment to admire Sherlock's naked torso at the same time Sherlock paused to consider a new shirt with his hands planted aesthetically on his hips. Each man proximally aware of each other, yet neither willing to break the voyeuristic moment.
John gets some much deserved tlc and the boys learn more about each other.
John is sent on an important errand.
John made a pitiful sound, forcing himself to continue. "He's the one who saved me. When I was shot." John bit at his lower lip before it could tremble and pulled stiffly at the hot, sucking sensation of tears in his eyes.
Sherlock had been skeptical when he had learned of its signing. But when he had seen the paper with his own eyes. His family's sigil pressed deep and clear into the sealing wax by the ring on Mycroft's hand, making it indelible, he had been beside himself with shock.
Sherlock simply leaned over for an indulgent kiss and disappeared down the stairs.
"You've arrived just in time John. Look. Some kind soul had the good decency to die." He stepped aside with an almost reverent bow.
The King's decree would not have reached these people. Word from the Lord of the Manor would not be this swift.
the goose was a combo idea from Sir ACD's 'The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle' and one of my favorite episodes from the radio comedy Cabin Pressure that Mr. Cumberbatch was a part of.
"You're serious?"
"Greg." John acknowledged as he ground to a halt in front of him. He felt incredibly more able to handle this now that he'd had his little sojourn to think about it. He was even quite impressed with how calm his voice came out.
He must see this through.
"Go with God, sweet John. We will meet again soon."
John crossed his arms over his chest, digging his fingertips into the back of his arm hard enough to hurt. Refocusing his priorities, as it would look awfully bad to be sporting a woody at a murder scene.
"You have suffered a long while John Watson. Let me help you."
And with a nod, there was a metallic hiss, a rush of cool, heavy air, and John's body suddenly became heavy like lead and his brain obligingly floated away.
"So please understand that all this," he tipped his head at his sleeping cock, "is not meant to be taken as a reflection of you or your efforts at arousing me. It's unwillingness to cooperate is merely a part of my general ...dysfunction. So please continue believing that your powers of seduction remain safely untarnished, 'Three Continents Watson'."
"Say it John." Sherlock insisted again. He felt silken gut catch ever so slightly at a dry spot and immediately withdrew, shoving his fingers back into his mouth and re-lubricating them with an overabundance of saliva before they pierced John again. "Say it!"
When he is finally able to shake the spasm from his diaphragm, Sherlock's anguished face breaks into a hugely relieved smile. "Good! Excellent! Very well done John. Again. Another." His hand is back to stroking John's hair. His thumb moving down to wipe at the tears that John didn't know had been dripping down his temples.
Sherlock didn't deign to look at him, merely addressing the ceiling instead. "The /point/ is that the Oakshot sisters who currently own the farm and the stall by which the goose was to be sold also brought along with them a very special, very /expensive/ precious crystal opal solid in the raw that they had appraised while they were in town." He paused to allow John the chance to come to the grand conclusion, though it was for naught.
It wasn't /unheard/ of for Sherlock to make tea for him. On the couple of occasions that he had actually done it, it had waned at being not steeped nearly enough to rise above the taste of hot water, or waxed on clearly having been left abandoned with a tea bag disintegrating to bits inside it and only remembered to be given over sometime later.
Sherlock felt the tell-tale quiver begin in John's thighs and was proud. John's climax was approaching sooner than he had anticipated. He probed and pushed, reshaping his tongue as it was allowed deeper access inside the man. He experimented with the muscle's shape, expanding and contracting it. Utilizing its malleability to the utmost.
"What John is trying to convey, is that the pusher has made himself a convenient human grab bag, in which he can simply /root around/ and take whatever it was that he liked. He managed to camouflage such an indignity by hiding it in plain sight, thus, ignoring all the moral practices of 'do no harm'. He felt confident enough with this murder being caught on video that he suspected there would no reason to investigate internally." His tone, as he said it, was only slightly mocking.
John fought his smile at the analyticality of it all and the deep, bright hunger that bloomed throughout his body. He trusted Sherlock to care for him. "Alright."
"Could be a rebound that didn't work out." Molly squeaked, speaking up. "Maybe this second victim just couldn't fill the hole left by the first one. Couldn't live up to the expectations, even if they did look the same?"
"But I just had one last month..." Sherlock protested. It was wholly absurd to be having a bath so soon after he had just had one.
* - this actually was how they figured out whether or not they would perform surgery on people in the 15th century. it all came down to what the patient's urine looked and (ew) tasted like and then what kind of astral layout was going on in the heavens. crazy huh? who can believe anyone survived this century at all. lol.
"I agree." Molly added spiritedly. "If you'd like a second opinion."
Sherlock shrugged. "Sobriety."
Sherlock's hand found the saddle of John's trapezius, long fingers spidering onto his neck, squeezing in encouragement. His hips jumping up in surprise before settling back down. A hiss through his teeth issuing forth.
After a frantic smattering of chords, Sherlock's bow drew a high trill on the upstroke and he pulled the instrument pieces away from each other as if they would melt together if they touched for too long. His nostrils dilated minutely, his shoulders rising and falling with breath. Sweat appearing on his temple.
Lestrade lifted his chin. "Anything to help."
(See the end of the chapter for
The boiler'd probably been depleted long before now; what with Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Turner, her married ones, and hell maybe even Sherlock having had a go at it before John could even arse himself to get out of bed in what was now early afternoon. There was hardly a doubt that the old pipes would give out soon. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
It was being stripped naked and redressed in that bespoke fucking suit that he really objected to.
"You could be more appreciative. The woman did just do our laundry." John snapped, throwing both baby food jars at him, which Sherlock caught succinctly without looking and dropped them onto the table.
Sherlock hooked the sack with his finger to tilt it and point out the obvious clue. "You had to walk past two other supermarkets to get me the special brand of chocolate biscuits I prefer. And it's hardly beyond you to deny your natural instinct to be a wet blanket. I saw the way you were observing me when you arrived tonight, you were deciding if I'd done anything impulsive."
"That road there will take you straight on to the castle. Can't miss it," he said, pressing a finger to his spectacles as they tried to slide down his nose. There was not a chance that any but a blind man might miss the breathtaking grandeur that was Castle Appledore crowning the top of the cliff, curtained as it was by weeping waterfalls. "William. John. I trust I will see you again."
John wiped the corner of his mouth with his napkin, deeply invested in what he was saying. Like it had come to him as a revelation. "This last time it was for the better part of a week that we were off and going nonstop. So it's like a biological high for you, as much as I don't want to say it that way. It is. And in the comedown, you're crashing. Does that make sense so far? 'Cause I think it finally makes sense to me.
"This is not how I imagined this happening for our first time," Sherlock said to the doctor's fastidious hands, having the gall to smirk. "Though I suppose it would suit us."
And as he speaks the blood seeps down over his chin and down the flag...
John took a moment to get his thoughts in order. "I have the feeling that knowing how you work Sherlock. I haven't ever had much of a choice." He gave a soft smile and raised his chin up in offering. Sherlock dropped his gaze to John's lips, raised them to John's eyes, then bent down slowly to taste them.
"Ah, well, ta for being gracious." John offered, in apologetic appreciation.
"Well?" Sherlock asked after a moment, looking positively maniacal as dark shadows cut harsh lines into his face. "Tell me what you see."
Understanding his plight, William gave him a few moments while he gathered up John's riding cloak from where it lay and beat the dried mud from it with his hands. It was the only parcel of clothing that John had managed to free himself of before falling into bed.
He nods, curling up with him.
“Your stuff is everywhere. It’s hard not to be in this space without having to move your stuff.” He rolls his eyes. “And I only ever look for things that would hurt you. Like drugs. Or hiding evidence from Greg.”
Collin leans in and licks John's cum off his chin.
He blushes at the praise and nuzzles against him.
"Benny.." She mumbles into his chest as she hugs him tight.
“Well after the initial panic of thinking you and Rosie had been kidnapped or worse it was.. I was numb for the first month. I barely did anything to take care of myself. When I realized you weren’t coming back I started making plans. I went through every single fight we had over and over again and fixed everything you were upset about. I fixed up the flat, made my life safer and more child friendly, I got my teaching credentials, got a job, did the shadowing the university imposed, got help for my mental health, I..” Sherlock looks a little uncomfortable. “I got some plastic surgery done on my back to get rid of some of the scar tissue I was having trouble with.” He says quietly.
“I think I’m the easy one because the only thing I can think about is sucking you off in this alley.” Sherlock tips his head back.
“You have me now. If you want me.” Sky blushes.
“Sherlock, you can become a priest for me. Worship me. I can make you live forever.” Morna grins.
“Was one of you able to move the wind in here? Whenever I came in I felt a cold wind, and when Sherlock came in he felt a warm breeze.” John explains, cuddling Kia close.
He nods and relaxes with her.
Greg moans loudly against his lips, deepening the kiss. "God yes. I can't wait to be fucked like that. Gotta knock one up first. After we're done our here, I think we should inform the others of our plan." he smirks, rocking his hips.
"Come for me, beautiful." He holds him and fucks him.
She runs around, batting at the door stoppers.
"Oh he's just a hit man. Not a very good one." Sky smiles.
She giggles and hums happily.
"You still want more, don't you?" She smirks and trails her fingertips up his inner thigh teasingly gentle.
He smiles and leans in to kiss him.
She bites her lip and nods. "Okay... I'll try.."
'Everything okay?' Sky hums softly in Mycroft's head as she keeps her back to him whiles she chases Sophia and Danny.
He hums and nods after a bit.
“Yeah!”
"She adores you. Good job, love." She kisses him and smiles softly against his lips.
“Ice cubes, and a special wax that melts but it’s not hot, just warm.” John smiles. “Would you like to try it?”
“God I love you so much.” He mumbles against his lips.
Mycroft lays there, on his side, staring at the bedside lamp, sleep on the edges of his gaze.
"Mm I'd love to." He grins.
He whimpers and rocks his hips.
When they get back Sky is already out on the ice in a skating outfit, skating backwards around the rink fast. Turk bites his lip as he watches.
"Where did you disappear off to then?" He hums and smirks.
"I love you, too.." She whimpers softly and hides her face in his neck. "I've no idea why you love me. I'm a complete mess and nothing but trouble."
“Hello, my name is Pete and I’ll be taking care of you today. Can I start you off with something to drink?” He smiles, his eyes flicking back to John.
"Please please please." He begs and pulls at George's clothes frantically.
“Yes it is. You were trying to call me and I didn’t answer. I heard the voicemail. You were begging me to call you back and then you got hit. I heard all of it.” He trembles.
Sherlock hesitates. “Yes and no.”
He moans softy and kisses her back.
"You're coming home?" Michael asks softly.
Sherlock shifts in John’s lap, his mind still on Calvin’s dance and what he had said to him.
George groans, rocking his hips to try to take her.
“You’re right to be skeptical. Gives you a chance to learn the right way.” Margaret nods.
‘You’re trying to bring me back. You’ve the right ask whatever you wish. It is up to me if I answer.’ Camille’s smile can be heard in her voice. ‘One of my rings is in a museum display. It is the closest object to you.’
"I'm glad you like it." She smiles happily and squeezes his hand.
Chloe melts under his hands and kisses his chest.
I'm hot, sticky sweet
“Hide and seek!” Danny grins, remembering all the places to hide on George’s old estate but now they have this new estate that’s even bigger.
“I..” Sherlock swallows. “Alright. Stability then.”
"Yes.. God yes.. Please, I need your mouth.."
She hums and nods.
John hums. “Let me jump up and prepare some food for Sherlock. We don’t want him passing out on you.” He smiles softly.
Sky moans and mewls desperately, her belly swelling even more with each new load.
He curls up with him.
He hums. "Mm, up."
Magdala nods. “If you don’t mind. I’ll be quiet." She promises.
He smiles softly. “I’d love to.”
He blushes. "Yes, sir."
"Well I'll tell you a secret. I really like buying my partners things. So you'll have time to get used to it if you want." He smiles softly.
He gags harder, his body lurching forward, only to come back down hard on Edgar and Cecil’s cocks.
John takes him downstairs. "Speedy's? Or somewhere else?"
He sighs a bit, obviously in relief because of how mentally and physically exhausted he is.
He smiles. "Good. Glad he's okay."
Crystal looks up surprised. “Alright.”
He blushes and smiles shyly. "Mm.."
He blushes and whimpers breathily.
Sky smiles and parks the car, walking with him hand and hand.
“Right now?” John asks, he plays with the nubs of her breasts, smiling as he watches her. “What do I get if I give you dozens of babies?”
“I love you, too. So much.” Sherlock kisses him.
He takes his hand.
Carol comes in, going to Cecil and Mycroft. “I’m feeling nauseous again. Help?” She pouts.
He smirks and pushes the dildo into him after lubing it. He groans at the tightness and added pressure to his cock.
He holds him close as they kiss.
George smiles and stands, leaning in to kiss him.
He kisses Sherlock's hand. "I love you.. I love you so much.." Lydia comes in pushing a bed for John.
“Mm that’s not the hard dangerous thing in your trousers I’m interested in.” Crystal purrs and crawls over the bed to him, her shirt dipping more and her breasts on display as she crawls.
Jean kisses him and pulls out of him gently.
“Does that mean it’s safe to go home?”
He blushes and nods.
Sherlock raises a brow, John’s footsteps sounding heavier than usual. “Well, I used to be a junkie, John. Floorboards is a valid guess but no. Think like a junkie, however, where else do they hide things?”
Anthea blushes, pulling up her short dress and spreading her legs for him.
He nods. “Okay.”
"So wet for Daddy.. how many babies do you think we've pumped into you now?"
Sherlock leans against him.
He kisses his head.
He smiles and hums as he relaxes.
He nuzzles him and smiles.
He cries out. "Five! Sir, close!"
“I’ll make sure he lets us come.” John smirks.
Mycroft sighs and gets up, going to the sitting room and looking out the window. He glares down at the car he sees. "For the love of God.."
Greg nods. “Maybe because it’s silver? Do you want to take my knife instead?” He asks holding it out.
He smiles and kisses him.
John's heart stops beating for a moment then he lets out a long drawn-out sigh.
He smiles brightly as he gets a strike.
"One is. I'm not sure what the other can do or even if they have abilities." Sky smiles softly.
She hums and smiles.
She moves on top of him and licks her way into his mouth.
Benny blinks. "Sorry. Got a little carried away."
The real Sky is sitting on the bed drinking tea and working on her laptop. She went up as soon as they arrived at the casino. "Hello, love." She smiles at Michael. "Only you can see me at the moment."
Sherlock nuzzles him happily.
He nods and licks her head softly. ‘Alright.’
He gasps and moans loudly, pressing back against her finger.
“I love you, too. Give the others my love as well.”
He blushes as he sees how large the room is. "Wow.."
He blushes. “Yeah, you can lay against me.”
Greg groans softly and arches a bit.
"Really. I'm not making any promises but I'm trying my best and that's usually pretty good." He smiles softly.
Percy cast a mournful look at the abandoned cookies. John took his hand and helped him off the chair. Then quickly reassured Percy by saying, "They'll be here when you get back."
Mycroft smirks and looks to Sherlock.
She looks up to kiss him.
"Cute.." He wraps his arm around him.
Carol smirks and puts a cock ring on him to keep him from coming. She gets the lube and slowly starts to work him open.
He smiles and hums, shifting on the couch so his head is in John's lap.
He smiles and kisses her softly.
He nods. “I think I know a good place.”
He nods. "That sounds lovely." He smiles, tiredly.
“Nice seeing you too.” Pythia laughs and rubs her throat, heading into her flat.
"Mm tell me how bad you want my cock."
"That's right! Can't take the heat get out of the kitchen!" Sebastian mocks as Mycroft leaves.
He moans, his control slipping.
"You did so good, love. Such a good boy.." John praises and holds him.
“I’ve been ready for ages, John.” She rocks with him.
"Of course, bee." He smiles softly and kisses his head as they go inside. Everyone says goodnight and goes off to their respective rooms. Mycroft takes Sherlock to his room. John and Greg pause for a second wonder if they should go with Mycroft and Sherlock and sleep all together or separately.
"Shall we go back to the hotel?" He murmured softly.
He blushes. "Thank you."
“They’re coming here? I.. I don’t think I should be here when they do..”
“Oh.” She blushes brightly.
Greg adds a second finger and scissors him open. He kisses and sucks on his neck.
"I love you. So much."
They get into the cab, Sherlock still cuddling him.
John tips them back slowly till he hovers over him. He kisses him. "I love you."
"Mm no one told us growing up would be this... Complicated.. I never really expected to grow up.. How weird is that?"
Mycroft smiles and puts the black lacy material on. “Oo this feels so good.” He hums. It did feel a little snug but the way it clings to his body, Mycroft knew every curve was on show. “I hope the other God’s like me.”
“You’re wicked.” Sherlock chuckles. He pulls out his phone and starts to hack Mycroft’s.
“That’s not ominous or creepy at all.” Sky rolls her eyes.
“No.” He chuckles. “You have different moods but you're not always in a mood.”
“Sorry. Habit from Watson being around.” Sherlock chuckles and pulls John close, kissing him as he slowly unbuttons his shirt. “I want to take you apart with my tongue.” He nips at John’s bottom lip.
John goes around and shuts off the lights. “How are you feeling?”
He blushes and nods.
“I’ll go make him a bottle.” John gets up and goes out to the kitchen.
He sits up and pulls him into his lap.
Greg gasps and moans like a slut.
He blushes and curls up against him.
"Oh god! Please, Sir!" He cries out.
Dark looks up at Sky. ‘Shall we go with them?’
He whimpers softly and presses against her, trembling.
Turk chuckles.
John takes his fingers out of Sherlock and sucks them clean. "Mm suck my cock. I'm going to eat you out." He turns Sherlock around and holds his hips, shoving his face between his arse cheeks.
"What's going on?" Zack asks as he comes in with Chloe.
They soon make it to the stables. Eli gets off the horse and picks Nina up, sitting her on the ground. The dogs run up to her happily, tails wagging happily as they lick her. “You sure do have a lot of friends.” Eli chuckles and helps put the horses away.
He smiles softly and leans in, kissing his forehead. “I know. I’ve always known.”
She frowns a bit. "You won't need to deal with him."
He hums and kisses his tears away gently.
Sky moans loudly and comes hard as they pass her cervix. “Fuck.” Darius growls and snaps his hips.
“Both, if that’s okay?” Sherlock asks. “I know it’s a personal question.”
“Show me your room..” He mumbles against his neck, his own cock leaking into his pants.
John nods. “Thank you ma’am. I am sorry about Greg. He’s just had a very stressful few days. And 95% of the vampires he’s met have tried to kill him.” He explains, “please don’t be too harsh on him.”
He smiles and moves to stand behind Sherlock. He wraps his arms around his waist and nuzzles him softly.
'Yes yes. You come so much. Make me so full.' She moans like a whore, cunt dripping and pulsing around his cock, so close to coming again.
She smiles softly and nuzzles him back.
“Good girl.” Greg smirks, pressing his knee between her legs, forcing the massaging dildo deeper against her cervix.
John closes his eyes and allows himself a moment to enjoy Sherlock's closeness and the newfound knowledge that he was carrying their pup. Less than three days old, it was already the most loved child John knew.
He blushes and smiles.
Kicking off his pyjamas, which still clung to one leg, John gets up and stretches, unashamed of being naked in broad daylight.
Collin moan loudly as Greg squeezes around his cock tightly. He comes hard and fucks him, pumping his cum deep inside Greg. He pulls out of him and pushes a thick deep plug into Greg to keep him open and his cum inside. "Fuck you're perfect. Brilliant." He pulls him close and kisses him deeply.
He gasps and moans, his hips rocking a bit.
Jason kisses Sky's neck, looking at Sherlock.
Margaret smiles and pushes in the cart. “How are we feeling?” She smiles “I’m Margaret by the way.” She smiles to Leona who was sleeping when they met.
Lydia grins and nods. “I do. I really really do. They’re so pretty.”
A crease formed in the middle of John's forehead as he frowned. "Noooo.... sh'lock... g't'oout.... you'll get'uuurt."
Sherlock leans in again, pressing his face against John's scent gland.
"Yes he does. And he really likes your laugh a lot." She smiles.
He smiles and kisses him.
He bites his lip. "N-No.. I can't do that.. I just.. I don't know how to do this.."
He blushes. "Good."
Sherlock is sat up, he waves to Mycroft and beckons him over.
Sherlock pouts and tightens his grip on him.
John smiles and takes Sherlock's hand.
He grumbles, drunkenly trying to shoo John's hands off.
"It's a good thing I do then." Mycroft chuckles and smiles.
She hums softly and relaxes. Lydia smirks and kisses John's neck, presses against him.
He hugs him. "I love you, too, Myc.. I hope you know that even though I hardly say it enough.."
He mewls and kisses him back desperately.
He chuckles a bit. "Mm, time to go to bed with mine, as well as my fiancé."
Enjoy!
"Tell me what you want." She rubs her hands over his thighs and hips, so teasingly close to his cock.
He moans and kisses him back deeply, pressing against him. “Wouldn’t mind if your friends joined in.”
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“Mm. Needy already?” John smirks.
“John? John wake up for me now.” Sherlock takes his pulse.
Sherlock curls up with the puppy and Mycroft. Mycroft hums softly. "You have a puppy?"
He groans as he comes hard into her, pushing in deep.
Sherlock nods. “My name and my birthplace. I thought you should know by now.”
Crystal grins, having to stop herself from laughing. She’ll definitely have to work on Greg’s instincts since he climbs right onto a branch right below hers.
Peter moans as he drinks from her, his cock rubbing against her belly.
He bites his lip. 'But what about the guests?'
“What should we do after lunch?” Sam smiles at Danny.
He chews on his lip. “I just know he’s crazy and scary. I never saw him, though. He always spoke through people.”
He kisses him back softly.
He smiles softly. “They’re mine..”
She moans and pulls her into a deep kiss.
“Fuck, you’re perfect.. you take us so well.”
"I love you. So much." John rolls over bringing Sherlock to lay on top of him. He kisses him and nuzzles his neck.
They lay there for a moment, Mycroft is surprisingly quiet though his eyes flash over the two women, taking everything in. When Harry grows tired of the dampness between her legs she sits up and points to a door. "Bathrooms?" She asks, and receives a nod.
"I'm glad you like it."
She smiles softly and relaxes into him.
Mycroft hums softly and cuddles Sherlock closer.
Sherlock smiles at this, someone finding his history cool. “I understand what you mean, I know it sounds strange, but I’m a young vampire, I only know of one younger than me.” He replies with a smile. “Mycroft was my doctor, whilst I was dying, he told me stories of his life, he felt safe that I wasn’t going to tell anyone. Then one day I asked him how it was all possible. He explained what he was and I asked to be changed instead of dying.” Sherlock took a long drink of tea, to quell his nerves, he’s never told anyone this before, and wasn’t sure why he was telling John. “He must have seen something in that dying man, because he smuggled me out of the hospital, if you can call it that, and changed me in his house.” He talks quietly, looking into his tea.
‘Mm I can feel them.’ She purrs, rubbing her nose against her clit as she fucks her with her tongue.
'And I'm getting better because I have you..'
"I-it is hypnotizing hearing my name fall from your lips.." Greg smirks.
Greg looks over at John and smirks as he sees Sherlock just as desperate as Mycroft. "Mm I think it's time we go to the hotel."
John swallows the words with his mouth, pulling Sherlock by the back of his neck into an even more passionate kiss.
Greg smiles and holds him as they sit at the table.
He smirks and has some of his buddies come over.
He hums quietly as they wash him.
“Do you know who his Sire was?” Sherlock asks, with a small smile on his lips.
"Please. I'd love that. I'm sure John would be happy to see you."
"Christ, look at you.. Full and stretched with my cocks. You look so fucking good like this."
Now that I found you stay
“So good.”
He glares. "Stay still."
'Go.' She nods.
She frowns a bit and nods. ‘Yeah okay. I’m starting to leak.’ She sighs and gets off him, the front of her shirt wet.
She smiles. “Of course.” She goes to the closet and hums softly. “What about a crop top? You wouldn’t have to worry about your belly fitting.”
Greg shrugs. “I’ll make them do whatever you.” He smiles. “I know I have no place, but I want to be with you, when you’re making decisions.”
“I’m never good enough, John. I’m always too late. Always one step behind. Never say the right thing. I’m a coward, John. Always have been. Probably always will be.” Sherlock looks up at the ceiling.
He holds onto her hips as he fucks her, watching her get even wetter.
"Oh you bitch." The woman frowns. "Lilith." Sky blinks.
Sherlock blushes and smiles. “I’ll get the bottle opener.”
“I’m glad.” Sherlock smiles softly.
'I'm supposed to make sure nothing happens to you..'
“I know John. But please. Our other babies are out there somewhere. You know I would if I could.”
John leans in and kisses his forehead softly.
He gets up and offers him his hand.
She blushes and smiles softly.
Mycroft moans, pressing back to take George’s cum as deep as possible.
Sherlock nodded. "I'll help." He said softly. "Unless you'd prefer your own room."
He groans a bit. “We’ll be out and about tonight, taking our slut out for a test ride. You could come find us if you’d like.”
Sherlock stills for a moment before turning quickly, hiding his back from view.
"Then we should go." She smirks and puts on her coat.
Pythia nods. “That is a good question. See no matter what happens to Diōnē or me we always come back. We’ve been killed a thousands of times in millions of different ways. So if we reveal ourselves and it turns out bad we come right back for another round. We usually only reveal ourselves to humans we can trust. If we can’t one of us gets knocked up and promises the others soul to that baby we’re carrying. However this time I’m infertile so we need you.” She smiles. “We love humans. We’re part human. We do whatever we can for humans but there is a limit. We don’t let ourselves change the course of human history. So we do smaller things. Charity and such. But humans are so.. So wild and free and gorgeous.” She smiles up at her. “We can’t stand not being part of you. Of your world. Of your lives.”
He whimpers and squirms.
John wakes up cold. He looks around for Sherlock. He sees Sherlock talking to an addict. Sherlock takes something from the addict and slips it into pocket. John frowns and sits up.
They pull out of her.
John giggles as he latched back onto her other breasts and continues to suckle greedily.
He frowns. "It's not. I was being irrational and stupid and a terrible father and you deserve better than that."
“That’s good. He is still treating you right?”
Bruce moans around him, opening his eyes to look up at him.
“Good boy.” Cecil smirks.
“You pick!”
He follows Greg to the others.
He blushes brighter as he sees Turk's smirk.
He nips and sucks on his lip teasingly.
"Look at them. Watching you. Wanting you. Lusting after you."
She giggles and relaxes.
Mel licks her lips as she watches his chick leak.
"Good. I'll meet you all out there but first I need to find my husband." Sky smirks and walks away. "She's very... Eccentric." Amelia says as she watches Sky walk away.
“You’re definitely a stain.” Greg frowns. “You should never have been created. Are you going to let me go or keep me locked up because you think I’m a threat?” He asks.
He gasps and moans loudly, rocking back. "Yes, Sir.. Need to be.."
Maggie moans happily around his cock, sucking him and relaxing her throat.
He blushes brightly and hides his face. "Mycroft will never let me live this down.."
"Mm your child.." She blushes and smiles softly. "Our child.."
Sherlock nods, curling up and waiting for them.
Carol arches and comes hard against his face. Sherlock deep throats him as he plays with his bollocks and presses against his hole.
John smiles. “You’re in good hands.”
"If you want something done right, you do it yourself..." Jim says with a shrug. "You must think you're being valiant, letting him go. Drop your phone, and let's go. Once we're at the airport I'll call my snipers off."
He blushes and moans, rocking his hips.
"Come here, love. Let me get you off.." John says softly, opening his arms invitingly.
He smiles softly and leans against him as he drinks.
"Of course. I wouldn't keep him from you ever." He kisses his head softly and rubs his back.
George moans as he gags on Turk’s cock, loving the rough treatment from everyone.
She cuddles into him, breathing him in.
John mumbles. "Mm.."
"I'm trying."
He hums as they go down to the lobby.
"Sure." She smiles and kisses him.
George sits on the porch, watching her.
"I guess I haven't magically inherited your eloquent way of words. Left that part out of the bond sharing experience, did you?"
“We can get him hooked up on IVs and stuff when we get him settled. I was to wash him first. He’s a mess.” She sighs, driving between the gates and looking back at them as they close.
She moans and arches. "I-I want you to take me from behind. I want you to grip my hips hard and pound me into the mattress."
She giggles and smiles, looking at the older polar bear.
She moans, arching and rocking back onto him. “Mm if you fuck me any harder I might go into labor.”
“I know. I just don’t know what I’ll do. I don’t want to know about this. All this... world.” Greg sighs. “But I have to don’t I?” He asks.
"No because he would have taken off after us. That's why I told him to wait the five minutes so we were out of sight. I had to make sure he was safe." She looks over at Mycroft and Zack standing near the car.
'I love you. You're not leaving me alone on this god forsaken planet until I give you permission. That won't be until we're old and gray if ever.' She holds him close and buries her face in his chest.
John’s eyes fly open and he is very aware that it is not Mary’s chest he’s lying on. His brain takes a bit longer to wake up. “Oh god! What time is it? I wasn’t meaning to stay the whole night!” he laments, sitting up abruptly in his very creased wedding suit.
Sherlock moans whorishly loud, pushing back against him. "Harder, Mikey!"
“I’ll take Nina to the nursery to see the babies.” She smirks.
He nods. "Yeah, do you need new shoes?"
He starts to cry again, pressing against him. "I.. It's my fault.. It's my fault.."
'I love you, too..' She kisses his hand.
"You can rule the bloody world, Sky. That's just ridiculous!"
“I know, love.”
“Brilliant..” she mewls breathily.
"Mm, I'll let you tie me up and use me how you see fit."
He get in next to him, followed by Greg and Mycroft.
"That's right. Be loud for me. I want to hear you." He praises as he pushes to slick fingers into him along with his tongue.
Mycroft hugs her close and holds her tight. “I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise.” He whispers.
"Mm.."
He strips himself and starts to stroke his cock.
“Good. You’re doing good. Now remember to relax.” Margaret rubs his arms gently.
“I so don’t believe you.” She laughs.
"Bottoms up." He giggles.
“What the hell is happening here?” John frowns, the scents starting to make him feel distressed.
He smiles. "Mm.. Let's get up."
“Okay.” Sherlock nods and wipes John’s eyes.
He catches them a cab and they go to the pub.
Sherlock lunges, Mycroft’s grip on him the only thing holding him back from tackling that murderous bitch.
He moans against her as he tastes himself.
Sky whines and arches back into him, cunt gushing slick around his cock.
"I am your mother. I'll worry regardless."
"No. Not it's not." He rubs his back.
"Give up!" He laughs and tickles under his arms.
John hums and runs his fingers through Sherlock's hair as they relax on the sofa together.
"Thank you." John reads the report. "His sodium levels have been nice and stable. Everything is looking good." John smiles and gives her back the report. He goes back to Sherlock. "Good news. If everything stay good and stable through the night you'll be released tomorrow morning."
He nods. "Yeah, okay. I love you."
"Yeah," John says around a sigh. "I kept thinking about it after your brother left. Wondering why mum used to read those stories to me."
John moans and holds onto Sherlock tight.
He mewls and whimpers, sucking on her greedily.
He nods and kisses him softly, leading him to the loo sneakily.
Collin whimpers and swallows down Mycroft's cock greedily.
She turns him around and holds him tightly. "We'll get it taken care of. Just no more cutting your chest, okay?" She kisses his head.
Jake smiles happily, having been working on getting used to being with all of them.
"Thank you." She smiles. "How come you've never bowled before?" Benny asks and sips his beer as Jean goes to take his turn. "I haven't had a lot of free time in my life to do the things I wanted." She shrugs.
Sky’s eyes widen and she sets him down with the rest of the men. “They have your families, don’t they?” She asks quietly, looking at all them.
He smirks and presses closer.
"I.. He's thought about doing all of those things before.. To me.."
He moans as he starts thrusting, moving to suckle from her again.
He pulls her hair. 'Don't you?'
Sherlock moans around him, looking up.
He blushes and nods, doing as he’s shown.
Sherlock smiles weakly. "Good.."
John laughs quietly.
"Mm yes. It was nice." Mycroft smiles.
Greg relaxes against him, suddenly exhausted.
He moans and whimpers. "Greg.."
She smiles and nuzzles him. “Okay?”
He smiles softly and kisses Sherlock.
“Then we need to get them.” Greg frowns as he finishes his tea and puts both cups in the sink to be washed later.
“I’ll try.” John smiles. “It’s not going to be nice drying him out. If you have somewhere you can stay for a few days away from the flat that would probably be best.”
Mycroft moans loudly and fills him again as he comes.
Greg blushes as he watches her.
Mycroft looks unimpressed. “Terribly sorry you can’t control your staff, doctor.”
He rubs his back and nuzzles him affectionately.
He relaxes a drinks his fill.
He smiles, glancing over at them playing in their playpen they’d set up. “They’re good. Growing fast.”
Mycroft is holding Greg as they sit in the library, reading to each other.
He hums softly and relaxes a bit under Sherlock’s touch. He had no idea what they’re walking into or if they’d make it back, but there’s no one else he’d rather go with than Sherlock.
Sherlock nods and takes Pythia to the kitchen. “Can I just say, Pythia, that I’m sorry I didn’t trust you the first time we met. I didn’t like you much. I’m sorry.”
Sherlock mewls and tries to push back against him, still loving the slow pace.
"Here we are."
Mycroft wakes the next morning, cuddled up to Greg.
“Getting excited, baby?” She asks softly, running her fingers through his hair.
He nods and takes his hand. "Okay."
He moans loudly, hips rocking.
“I’ll hurry.”
“It murdered hundreds of humans.” Greg snaps before stepping back away from her, in case she lunges.
He whines and jerks his head slightly, making Greg pull his hair. He moans loudly and pulls him to stand. "Couch."
She smiles and starts to relax.
Having your big brother fuck you so deep?”
Sherlock smiled and watched John.
The limo soon stops at the mansion.
He hums and kisses her back.
He chuckles and smiles. "See you later."
John mewls and whimpers, their rocking making the swing rock as well.
He gets up and stretches, his back cracking.
Sky blushes and nods. “Don’t most people only have one baby at a time?” Nina asks.
“Easy, baby.” He kisses his neck, being gently.
**Of course he did. He wouldn’t turn down a case. –SH**
"Oh okay. Sure. What's the matter with him? He did look kinda tired I guess." John asks.
Sherlock moans and rocks his hips.
"You feel so bloody fantastic.." Michael moans, nipping at her neck.
Greg sets the salt and pepper on the table with the butter.
And if it’s quite all right
He moans, his cock twitching against her belly.
"Mm just a quickie.." He smirks and kisses down his body.
“Want to be the big spoon or little spoon?” John asks.
She smiles softly and kisses his neck.
He sips his tea in silence after that, mind racing as he imagined a world where everyone knew about this possibility, and Omegas were no longer simply sold off.
They soon fall asleep together.
He whimpers and deepens the kiss, filling orders.
Michael frowns. "It's not a-a-always like this, r-right?"
John nods. “Tell me if you need anything okay? Like going inside so you don’t get burnt.” He says softly.
John smiles softly. “Hi, love.”
Collin takes his fingers out of Greg. John pushes Greg down onto Collin and pushes his cock into Greg with Collin's cock.
“I’ll have an ultrasound technician arrive shortly.” He hangs his coat up and follows John to the kitchen.
He laughs and starts running again.
"Okay." She nods and snuggles him.
He gasps and mewls breathily.
He holds her hips and presses as deep into her as she can.
He whimpers and gasps. "J-John said that Sky may be able to give me a cunt a-and a womb. Make it so I can be pregnant. He said she may be able to give you a cock, too.”
He falls asleep quickly.
“You don’t have to leave if you don’t want to.” Sky kisses her head. “We can talk everyday and see each other on video calls if you do want to go though. And if you want to come back you can.”
“Mm. Sounds brilliant. And we know how much it turns you on when someone drinks from you.” They fuck her harder.
"Good." He smiles softly and cuddles him. "How does your arse feel?"
Greg moans and arches feeling Mycroft fill him.
He chuckles and smiles. "Apparently today is a busy day." He hums.
"Mm.." He nuzzles him.
“Mm I’d love to.” She smiles and gets up.
“Gone? Why?” Sherlock frowns.
He nods and moans loudly as he takes him deeper.
"Anthea!" She nearly shouts as she comes. She shakes and trembles hard under Anthea. She moans as the waves of pleasure continue to wash over her.
“Synergic blood? And humans haven’t had this?” Greg frowns, knowing they only ever use human blood for transfusions.
John pulls his head up and grins, lips swollen and red, his navy eyes almost black with desire.
Mycroft murmurs softly, pressing his lips to Greg's. "Make love to me, Gregory." He murmurs.
Sherlock relaxes slowly, holding John close.
"He didn't put up a fight."
He leads them out of the club.
Mycroft helps a very drunk Greg back to Baker Street.
“I just want you to get better. Anything that helps is wonderful.” Sherlock says softly. “I still feel a stronger connection with you than Crystal. I care about you.”
He blushes at her words, suckling more eagerly from her.
Sherlock moans and pushes back against Mycroft, loving how rough he was being.
"Mm good."
He hums softly. “Let’s think about it.”
“I.. I’m in college. I’m from Brooklyn originally, came here to study abroad. One of my friends told me about this place and I figured I’d check it out.” He blushes. “Glad I did.”
Sherlock stays quiet.
He smiles and rubs her back.
"Feeling better, hun?"
He nuzzles her back.
"So do you." Jean smiles as he looks at him. "Very good." Benny hums
Mycroft gasps and moans, rocking back against him.
“Better. Ready to go home.”
“Mm. Greg.”
*We could have split the money. Think it through next time.-SH*
“You can’t. I can’t have her using you against me. Plus you can’t get out of the house. The lock down lasts for 24 hours.”
He hums. "So, which one should I open next?"
"The whole time I was growing up I was told I didn't deserve anything. I was worthless. I was terrible. All I did was what they told me to do. That's all I could do. If I didn't they wouldn't let me eat or sleep of breathe. I thought I would die like that. Worthless. Undeserving of anything. And now I'm not dead. I didn't plan for this. I planned to die. I don't know how to deal with living." She whispers.
He chuckles softly. "I know that will make Michael feel better."
**It's alright. You were just trying to support Sky and I understand that. Sherlock may have over reacted on Greg's behalf.--JW**
They pull out of her. "So perfect.." They praise.
“Coffee. Black.” He mumbles with his eyes closed.
She lays down, playing with them.
She moans loudly, completely submitted.
“Easy. Just breathe.” He stills.
Cynthia moans loudly and spreads her legs wide
“It’s okay. Just breathe.” John holds Sherlock close. He kisses his curls softly.
“Mm. Best be getting back to work.”
He kisses his head and washes him.
He smiles happily and nuzzles him.
She cries out and drools.
Mrs. Hudson giggles happily. Anthea works on the veil. "Is Gregory doing alright?" She asks.
"You want more, don't you?" Mycroft smirks and strokes him. "Look at Collin. He's absolutely desperate to get his hands on you."
He kisses him back and nuzzles him.
His eyes immediately go to her breasts, watching her play with them. "I.. wh-what time?"
Anthea nods. “I want to pay for dad’s funeral. I need closure.”
He kisses her back, smiling softly. 'We can go to the clinic, yeah? Get everything done there all proper and I can get inseminated there. I think I'd prefer that.'
"Why?" Sky whines softly, going to the kitchen to make tea.
He blushes and smiles shyly. “I’m glad.” He hums, only wanting to make her happy.
John moans loudly around James, pushing back against Brian and Sherlock.
Sherlock hums. "Mm. It was very nice indeed."
"I trained him, John. He's nearly perfect."
"Mm you want me do take you against the shower wall, don't you, slut?" He growls and grinds against him.
He smiles softly, eyes closed.
Irene nods. “I thought so..” She says softly.
"So handsome."
She pulls him into a side hug as John finishes stitching her other side. 'I'm sorry. I'm so sorry..'
“Feels good?” He hums, nudging the ball.
‘Master wanted me to be a new breeding toy for you all.’ She whines softly, trying to rock back.
He starts to thrust faster, leaning in to bite her neck.
“So what?” Sherlock asks softly, squeezing John’s hand. “We’re looking at crucifixion, Pontius Pilate and the acknowledge of death? Twice?” He asks softly. He looks over to John, and squeezes his hand again. “You’re liking teaching me stuff aren’t you.” He adds trying to lighten the mood.
“We’ll tell you later.”
He nods. "Alright."
Greg smirks. “Naughty girl. Enjoying being punished by Daddy.”
He blushes and nods.
"Dinner?" John asked after they've checked out the room, both of them casting shy glances to the single king sized bed. "There's a pub style restaurant down the street. We could eat there, then explore more tomorrow. Don't need to be at the docks until 10."
"Good girl. Baby's crowning." The midwife crooned. "A few more big pushes and you'll get to meet them."
He sighs a bit and closes the door, sitting and explaining the situation.
"Myc's always lazy after a nice shag." He hums.
He arches and rocks against his fingers.
“I will, darling. But watching you eat is a feast for my eyes.” John smiles, feeding Sherlock other juicy delicate fruits.
“I always ask nicely.” She purrs and grinds down against him. “Are you going to take me to bed or have your way with me right here where anyone can see?”
John grins back. “Well since you asked so nicely.” He kisses him deeply.
Sherlock whimpers and his body shakes against him.
He smiles shyly and nods.
'I love you..'
“I’ve missed you too..” Sherlock says quietly.
Mycroft starts thrusting faster, making Greg thrust faster as well.
"Absolutely brilliant, babe!" Lucas smiles and picks her up, spinning her around. Sky giggles and holds onto him.
She smiles and stands, offering him her hand. "Join me?"
Sherlock whimpers. "Please.. I need your mouth.."
"Mm.. Yes."
She moans and kisses him back loving the feeling of him crowding into her space.
He smiles happily.
He blushes. "Love?"
He smiles and kisses his cheek. He looks over at Greg and Sherlock snuggled and sleeping on the couch. "They're cute, aren't they?" He signs.
Mycroft chuckles softly. "We're being summoned."
“Things are good. Mycroft and I are thinking about kids.”
“You heard him boys.” Sam smirks. The man grips his hips and fucks him harder. Another steps in front of the arm of the couch where Collin’s head is and rubs his cock over Collin’s lips.
"I love you."
"I like the zoo." Sherlock and Greg smiles.
“Thank you.” Edgar smiles and scoops Sherlock up, carrying him.
Mycroft and John take the seats.
"AAAHHHhhhhhh!" John doesn't take long to come hard, and he slumps against Sherlock, panting. "Fuck..."
He blushes and mewls, rocking his hips. “Your good boy, Mikey.”
He bites and sucks at his neck.
She gasps and whimpers needy. "Please please.." She begs.
“John, you’re the only person I’ve ever been remotely interested in personally, romantically, sexually. Just you. Only you. It’s only ever been you.” Sherlock nuzzles him.
She blushes and purrs, melting under him feeling indescribably amazing.
Camille turns to Greg. “What have you done? You come into my home, you torture one of my children.” She hisses.
He moans loudly as he comes hard down her throat.
He slips his hands under Sherlock's sheet and squeeze his arse grinding them together.
"Sleep, love." Turk hums.
Sky puts her face in her hands and sighs.
“That is Samuel and that is Mel.” Sky smiles. “Hi.” Samuel smiles. Mel blushes and waves shyly.
"Yeah." John leads them over to sit, starting to feel better.
John groans, a handful more thrusts and he’s coming deep inside Sherlock.
“She’s over due.”
Sherlock takes his cock out of his pants and strokes himself, staring into the camera.
Sky blushes and mewls at the praise.
He nearly screams as he comes hard.
"Yessssss!" Violet whines, loving being so full.
Cecil mumbles, presses to his chest.
"I love you, too.. So much.." He tangles his fingers in Sherlock's wet hair and kisses him deeply trying to show him how much he loves him.
"Deduction...but yes." Sherlock nodded.
“Yes please.” She smiles and nods.
“Good girl.. finished all your food.”
He hums happily and follows him.
"I love you, too. So much."
“Good boy.” He praises and pushes into his mouth. “Show me what you can do.”
He smiles and hums.
'Close. Please, George. Close.' He mouths, a soft whimper escaping as well.
He licks his lips and presses a kiss to John's temple, before heading to the loo.
Morna moans and rocks against his hand the best she can. “Mm I know you want to seed my fertile field.” She giggles.
It's when you look at me in the mirror while you're shaving
"Good?" He smiles, having finished as well.
He groans and comes hard into her.
John moans, forcing himself not to go lacks.
He whines. "Greg.." He tries to grind against him. "Please.."
She moans and rocks her hips against her. "God I missed you.
Michael blushes brighter as he settles back into his seat.
Margaret nods and beams back. “Little Locky jr.” She rubs her flat stomach. “We should tell Lydia the good news.” She giggles.
“With a mouth like hers I’m sure you don’t.” He chuckles and sips his coffee.
He smiles softly. "Got a date on Saturday."
Zack blushes and smiles.
“We could easily fit both of us in her womb.” Michael groans, rocking with Jake.
He whimpers, his cock leaking against Sky’s cunt. “Feels good, sir.”
"It's not my fault. He's so hot." Eli grins.
"Good.. Okay, Ada. When I say push want you to push.. Push!" Sky says and Ada cries out as she pushes.
Lydia moans breathily and arches.
'We haven't been in your head in ages. You haven't fucked me in ages..' She mewls softly in his head.
He blushes brighter and nods.
Mycroft grumbles softly and curls closer to Greg.
'No. He just wants to give us everything. He's not really seeing what we actually want. He won't be upset. Besides we can always come back and visit.'
He smiles, taking the pants into the dressing room.
"Yes." Greg moans and arches under him.
"I-I want.." John blushes. "I want you to fuck my mouth as James fucks my arse. Please please." He nearly drools at the thought of having Collin in his mouth.
He kisses her chest again.
John falls asleep against Sherlock.
"Mm... Let's see..." John leaned against the pillows, arm around Sherlock. "What about... The time a fellow soldier and I went out on a small R&R and got so drunk, we threw up in the cab back to camp, got thrown out five miles from camp, an hour before wake up, and had to be back by Reveille... Only to work a full twelve hour through bloody buggering hangovers. Served us right, really. That local ale must have been pure gasoline." He made a face.
She hums happily and wraps her arms around his neck, continuing to kiss him.
“Oh uh alright.” John nods. “I umm.. I have nightmares sometimes.” He says softly.
Mycroft pulls out and laps at her clitoris.
He rocks his hips into her. "Fuck.."
He groans and kisses him hard.
He bites his lip but nods, trusting Mycroft.
“Thank you.” Crystal laughs.
"I love you, too.. So much." She whispers against his lips.
"Harder, Sherlock. Pound into her dripping cunt. She loves being fucked  like a dirty slut."
John rolls onto his back and blearily opens his eyes. “Come up here and do that.” He kisses, sleepily kissing Margaret’s face.
John looks around the room and smiles. Their new house, while not baker street, was perfect. He could smell Mrs. Hudson baking in the kitchen, active again after a successful surgery. The sounds of their children laughing (And in Teddy's case fighting over a toy) made it home.
“When can we go home?”
He cups Sherlock's face in his hand and kisses him back. He nibbles his lip and kisses him like there's no tomorrow.
“They’re quite tasteful.” Sherlock hums as he looks at the pictures.
“Good.” Myropis smiles. He shoves the slice of cake into her mouth, forcing her to eat it.
“Feels so good, Sky..”
He smirks and picks out a tight pair of pants.
“Good.” He smiles and rocks into him.
Darius kisses him back deeply as they fuck Sky. “Fill her. Let’s fill her, brother. Make her carry so many of our pups.”
Greg just nods and kisses him again. “Good..”
Crystal bounces on his horn a few more times before she’s crying out in pleasure. Come squirting out around the horn, covering Greg.
"I'm sorry about today. It wasn't fair if me to put you through any of that. I hope you can forgive me." She kisses his neck.
Michael bites his lip, frowning a bit. "Are you guys upset that I've been flirting with Eli?"
‘Mm, yes. About as big as this one.’ He motions to Blaze.
Sherlock smiles and nods. “This is going to be interesting.”
Greg signs to John and he whimpers and nods. "Which one of us do you want to fuck you?" Greg grinds against him and sucks his neck.
"I love you, too. So much. With all of my heart and soul." He holds him and rubs his back.
"We had some close calls and late nights. Some very close calls and very late nights. Believe it or not your mother was the ring leader." He smirks.
“That sounds perfectly legal.” John chuckles.
"Mm?" Bryan smirks, knowing John is forming some kind of plan and wanting to hear more.
“Mm I don’t think you’re full enough.” He smirks and James pushes into Sherlock.
Sabine nods slightly. "Okay. I'll get it.'
"I will. We're coming in now." She hums as they come in through the garage, hanging up the phone.
Michael sighs relieved. "Christ.."
“No.” Veronica blushes.
Margaret frowns and nods.
He blushes brighter and smiles shyly.
Cecil, James, and Collin thrust into him.
He growls and comes hard into him, continuing to fuck him.
"So gorgeous."
He pulls him down to lay with him.
Greg smirks at how submissive Collin got Mycroft to be. "Damn, that was something."
He hums softly and nuzzles him. "Rest, hun.." He holds him.
"I love you, too."
"Look at you. Gorgeous."
Molly raised her eyebrows. "Are you a mother, Irene?" She asked, quietly.
She smirks and pulls him into the bed.
She laughs and smiles. “So what do you do?”
He snuggles up to Sherlock tiredly.
He nods. "I.. Thank you."
“Oh Mycroft, I didn’t know you were here. I didn’t smell you come in.” Joann looks at him.
He whimpers softly. "Please.."
He holds her close, deepening the kiss again.
He sighs relieved. "Thank you.."
"I love you, too.. Always.."
He smiles and hums, rolling off of her. "Mm, brilliant."
He whimpers softly and pulls him closer.
Udos smiles and holds Sherlock’s hips gently. “Is it too much?” He asks softly, stroking his thumb over Sherlock’s skin.
Do you want to come on, scooch on over closer, dear
Mycroft, who had settled in Sherlock's chair watched the pair with a fond smile then turned his attention to Sherlock. His gaze narrowed but not with animosity.
“Hi.” Mel blushes and smiles shyly, still only in her oversized sweater.
He chuckles softly and kisses him.
Pete smiles shyly as he comes in.
Dark smirks and moves to push into her wet cunt, sliding in easily.
Jo imagines them on a nice plush bed, Sky having left them on their own.
She hums softly and rubs his back his back soothingly.
She nods. "Does he want to find him?"
This could be the end of everything
“So I can do whatever I’d like to you?” Crystal licks her lips, getting excited.
“You don’t have to. Just a suggestion.” Sherlock says casually.
Dark gets up, making his way to the door.
'You smell good. You all smell good. Driving me nuts.' She mumbles.
“John!” Sherlock gasps.
He nods and links their arms together.
She blushes brightly at the praise, feeling submissive.
"Wrap up your sandwich for later, yeah?"
He smiles happily and picks up Maximus.
“Please.” Lydia smiles and hops up into John’s arms.
He hums and rolls his hips, groaning softly. "I think you should ride me instead."
Sherlock groans and bucks against him.
He smiles and relaxes.
She kisses her back softly, hand cupping her cheek.
"Mm I finally get to have tea made by John Watson. It's it a wonderful day." She smiles and takes a sip.
He groans as he pumps his cum deep into her.
He groans. "Ride me."
"You're just so horny today, aren't you? You didn't get you full of fucking John so now you're having me fuck you over and over. Such a good little slut." He growls and kisses him hard.
She blushes brighter and whimpers softly. “John..”
"Think there is more in the house somewhere? If he had one hidden compartment, chances are good he'd have two or more." John drags his hand through his hair and stiffens. "Lights, coming my way. Car, it looks like, not torches."
“Really?” She grins, eyes wide.
"Not just a name." John corrects, "he's been there since her birth. He's always looked out for her and treated her like his own. I-I do want him to legally be her father as well but..." he licks his lip nervously as he tries to explain what he's been dealing with the last few weeks since Sherlock mentioned his intention. "...she's all I have. To allow someone to have the power to take her from me is terrifying. I know deep down that Sherlock never would but I can't help those feelings."
He blushes brightly. "Really?"
"Pass me the blanket from my chair?" John asks, curling up on his side with his back against the cushions.
"You can fuck her arse, her cunt, her mouth. I want to see her covered in cum."
He blushes and whimpers.
"Keeping him and his goons distracted while Viper left the country unnoticed by them. She's safe."
He kisses Mycroft's hand gently.
Sherlock huffs. "I don't want to."
She thinks for a minute then blushes brightly. "Brain gets to have all the fun. You just get to knock me up and forget about me." She pretends to pout.
Anthea frowns and holds her. “Maybe we should have you looked at? Just in case.”
He grinds against his hand, whimpering quietly.
Turk groans. "How about you fuck me, now?"
He bites at his neck and strokes him as he fucks him.
Greg nods and goes back to the room without saying a word. "What the fuck happened to him?" Donovan asks.
Jake hums. “Make some room, Jean.”
"This is Peter. He's their oldest son at ten years old and he's holding Nile who is two. Peter can you make sure Carl puts Lucy back in her box please?" Sky asks. "Yes, auntie." Peter smiles. Sky puts Carl down and hands him Lucy. "Make sure you close the lid tight." She says and he nods. The boys take the snake back to where is came from.
“Of course. Honestly doesn’t matter what it is you want. Alcohol, weed, cigars, whatever. I’ll get it.” He smiles softly.
He rinses off his body and washes his hair, dining to him softly as he massages his scalp.
"Such a loud slut for me." He praises and spanks him again.
He blushes brighter. **I don’t know. I joined her for lunch and we just got to talking. —G**
John smiled reassuringly. "We're almost out of time, Sherlock... is there anything you'd like to ask me? No barriers... ask me what you like."
“I know you can dear. But I like this pace of life just as much as running around London with you. That’s all.” Sherlock explains softly.
He blushes and mewls.
He falls asleep against him.
John watches expectantly as Sherlock chews and swallows, “what would you like to do Sherlock?” He asks.
"That's nice." She smiles and starts making tea.
“Darius!” She screams his name as she comes hard around him, her body milking him for every drop of cum it can get out of him.
“All good things I hope.” Sherlock chuckles.
She whimpers and moans.
“Good.” He kisses him against.
He blushes and mewls. “Wake up?”
Dark’s eyes widen as he watches her come hard.
He moans and relaxes into the couch.
“Fuck me.” She smirks.
“Please..” She blushes a little and nods, always taking care of everyone else so when they take care of her it makes her feel little and submissive.
He felt his heart flutter with hope. 'My results came in? And I did okay?'
He smiles. "Thank you. Go sleep."
She mewls, pulling off and stroking him as she swirls her tongue over the sensitive head.
"We'll make him so full. He'll squirm so much for us. He'll be so loud for us." Sherlock purrs and Greg whimpers needy.
"Yeah, probably a good idea." He says as he heads to the sink to take a look.
He smiles and takes his hand. "Thank you, Sky."
She fucks him hard and deep. She turns up the vibrations as she hits his prostate. She holds the base of his cock tight to keep him from coming.
He smiles and leans in to kiss her.
Won't you spare me over till another year
He blushes brighter as she straddles him, blushing at the feeling of her against him.
“He is cute.” Mycroft hums.
He whimpers and kisses him as Eli pulls out of him.
"What kind of game?"
He glances over at Sherlock.
"Mm it probably shouldn't turn me on so much to watch as you hand my boss his arse on a platter but I can't help myself.." He goes and kisses Mycroft.
Michael closes his eyes.
“Mm..” George blinks awake. “Mm hello baby.” He chuckles and pulls her close. “And hello baby.” He smiles and rubs her baby bump.
He groans, rocking his hips a bit. "Yes.. god that sounds brilliant.."
He hesitates. "You missed her appointment. She's six weeks today, so today's a difficult day. She and my mum got into a fight. I.. It's my fault.."
He whimpers and bites his lip, nodding.
He blushes and smiles. "I'd love that."
“You want to feels them other places?” He hums, kissing down his jaw and neck.
"Mm good.."
Diōnē continues to cough up blood, it only getting worse. “Tell them I love them.” She manages to wheeze out for closing her eye, her chest stops moving and her body becomes slack.
"I am! I made her feel so bad she's physically disappeared and ran away!"
"I love how vocal you are.." He adds a third finger quickly.
He moans loudly and bucks into his hand.
‘Oh you’re a smart man. I know you can probably think of something. You know you’re always so good at persuading me. I can’t ever say no.’
He was no hero.
John nodded, though Sherlock did not see.
So when the endless dragging finally ceases and they come to the room at the end of the hall, he's overwhelmed with the thought that he's been brought directly to the massacre. And it doesn't even phase him.
But John just found himself blinking, his mind catching up slowly before his mouth moved. "Uh, no." His contradiction seemed to surprise them both in equal measure. "No in fact."
Sherlock paused leaning in, allowing his intentions to be known and John could do nothing but soften into those galaxial eyes and those impossible lips as they whispered in a subsonic pitch: "kiss me John Watson."
Smiling encouragingly, certain now that he wouldn't bolt, John shifted his weight more onto his knees and elbow and separated their torsos, smoothing a palm across Sherlock's hispid chest to keep them tethered, while allowing more space between them so that Sherlock could watch his whole face as he spoke. Knowing that that was how Sherlock would best interpret what he was about to say.
"Back. Against the headboard." Sherlock instructed and John immediately obliged, setting up pillows to lean on behind him. He pressed a thumb into his own shoulder experimentally, plying the tender muscles. It felt ...new. He watched Sherlock fall onto him, a new sort of hunger filling those incredible eyes as he made short work of John's buttons and flies. Straight to the point.
John cradles his unconscious head until it lays softly against the linoleum, then turns Sherlock's loose body into the recovery position on his side, making sure to tilt his chin up to open his airway. It will be a while before he wakes or is possibly found.
The assistant held the door for them both. "Oh, absolutely. A calming influence is always welcome. And not to worry, Mr. Sipe's gentle as a lamb when he works. Although we do have the option of sedation dentistry if you should like."
"If you feel up to it, when I get back home," John growls as he pulls himself away to whisper in Sherlock's ear. His voice husky. "What do you say to letting me grind myself against your leg and see how long it takes me to get off?" He nips at Sherlock's earlobe and the breathy gasp he gets in return makes his pelvis give one last lurch against the mad man beneath him. Sherlock's never gotten it up again in the heat of the moment since the last time. But neither of them have much cared. Their slightly unusual sex life has been suiting them down to the ground anyway.
