“Stay right here,” John says, planting a kiss on Sherlock’s lips and climbing out of bed, trying not to feel too awkward at the insistent prominence of his own arousal, hard and bulging in his black briefs. He ducks out of the room before Sherlock can say another word, goes upstairs, wondering if he had possibly left behind--
Taffey’s head jerks to the right, towards the stage area. “For the acts. Animals are a helluva draw.”
“I saw you last night,” Adam tells him. “You know that? You thought you were so fucking sneaky, spying on us, but I saw you. And when Johnson called me this morning, I knew what was up.”
“It’s from the painkillers,” she says, letting him off the hook, letting him have his last shred of dignity. “They make people emotional.”
“The person I married never existed,” John spits. “Not for a single second. It was a lie, a cruel and twisted lie from a cruel and twisted human being. The real you sought me out and manipulated me from the very first minute for your own selfish ends.”
He breaks the kiss, sliding his lips down across a stubble-roughened jaw, burying his face into the place where Sherlock’s neck meets his shoulder, breathing in the intoxicating scent of sleep-warmed flesh.
Sherlock hovers near the door in a nervous, fidgety, distinctly un-Sherlockian manner. “D’you think he could have done it to himself accidentally?” John asks, looking up at Sherlock’s eyes in what he hopes is friendly challenge.
(John is shockingly, inventively filthy-mouthed when intimate and Sherlock loves it, loves the contrast between the reserve of his public face and his frank, unashamed lewdness when he’s naked in Sherlock’s bed.)
“I made the acquaintance of a retired botanist in Chipping Norton,” Sherlock replies, carefully unwrapping another bottle. ”He’s sent me a variety of rare plant pollens from the Cotswolds, species so endangered they aren’t found anywhere else in the British Isles. The package just arrived twenty minutes ago.” He looks up at John, eyes sharp and bright. "Do you know how many murders occur on holiday, John?”
“The address of the vacation house,” Sherlock says. “Barring that stroke of luck, anything that will provide some clues as to whereabouts. Pictures, receipts, anything of that sort. I’ll start with the desk. Go into the kitchen and have a look around.”
“Yeah, you.” John focuses his attention on the man and realises he’s not much more than a kid; nineteen, perhaps, maybe not even. He softens his voice just a touch. “Come over here and talk to me for a moment, please.”
That appeal is so ridiculously barking up the wrong tree it almost makes John laugh aloud, which wouldn’t make any part of this situation better, so he doesn’t.
The cavern of Sherlock’s mouth is hot and wet and soft and slack, his jaw muscles stretched and overworked by the tension of the ball gag. He takes John’s cock passively, not moving or sucking but rather letting John fuck his face hard, and the awareness of how brutally he’s using Sherlock right now, fucking his exhausted mouth, making him gag and choke on his hard length before marking his beautiful, sweat-soaked face with ribbons of dripping come--the powerful thrill of twisted lust rippling through John’s body is overwhelming, it’s too much, and his balls are drawing up so suddenly there’s a twinge of cramping pain, and he’s barely able to pull out of Sherlock’s mouth in time.
Sherlock doesn’t answer as he gets into the car, doesn’t say anything about being back home soon. John notices the omission.
He feels dizzy and fuzzy as John wipes him clean with a soft towel, and he must be visibly shivering because John pulls the duvet and pillows from the bed and covers Sherlock, gently sliding a pilllow under his head.
He is vaguely considering something involving pasta, maybe, or a salad (God, he’s so terrible at this kind of thing; he can cook and he’s very good at it, better than John in all honesty, but the planning and shopping bits bore him to death) and he’s filing this entire train of thought under “Reasons John Should Just Come Back to Baker Street” when he notices the man several paces ahead of him is wearing an obviously fake black wig and beard. His overcoat is several sizes too big as well, and the lumpiness of his silhouette suggests he has an empty duffel bag and a coil of rope strapped to his back under the coat.
Sherlock wraps his arms protectively around John’s smaller frame, pressing gentle kisses into his hair as his fingers trace down his spine “Don’t be,” Sherlock murmurs softly, and there’s a hollowness to his voice, an emptiness that hurts his heart. “Of all the things to be, John, don’t be sorry.”
. And he’s too stubborn to walk away from that, but at the same time, too afraid of losing it to take the risk of pulling it all out in the open, especially from an unwilling Sherlock. That feels like a further trespass, an inexcusable cruelty, and John cannot bear the thought of causing the person he loves above all others any further pain.
Rocco’s eye widen fractionally, but he nods. “Travis told me he heard about these blokes going around giving out hot meals, saying they had farm work, somewhere up North. I told 'im to be careful. Told 'im it sounded too good to be true, right? But he was a trusting sort. Like a puppy, really. That boy would follow most anyone who said something nice to 'im. And then the next time I went to see ‘im, he was gone, and no one knew a thing. He had a phone, I got ‘im a prepaid so I could keep in touch, but he didn’t answer. And then...then Big Joe and Florida--they’re old mates, they come round to the shelter pretty regular--they came and got me, two days ago. Said they found ‘im--” at this the tears brimming in Rocco’s eyes spilled over--”They found ‘im in Twickenham, in one of the empty lots behind the stadium. I’d told Mr. Atherton about the situation, and he drove me out to the building, and--and there he was.”
“It would be my pleasure,” John murmurs with a smile, leaning over to give him a long, lingering kiss, openmouthed, just the barest flicker of tongue.  The scent of sex still clings to him, earthy and musky and intoxicating, and for a brief moment John considers just dragging him back to bed.
After a long moment Sherlock breaks eye contact, something on the other side of the glassed in wall catching his eye. A fleeting look of concern crosses his features. He dips his head close, close enough that John can smell the faint traces of Altoids and cigarette smoke on his breath.
He shuts off the taps, steps out, dries off and dresses, then in another burst of optimism--this one a bit more realistic overall--he brushes his teeth thoroughly, thinks about flossing, dismisses it as excessive before dressing in clean comfortable night clothes, old gym shorts (in a moment of mad optimism, he decides to go commando) and a white vest that is maybe, possibly, ever so slightly snug across the chest and then a touch looser in the belly in a way that is just a little more flattering than the rest of his other undershirts.
Sherlock hates when this happens, not because he is averse to reassuring or caring for John, nothing could be further from the truth. He just hates that someone as good and loving and giving as John would ever feel badly about himself, about anything, ever.
“Mostly vegetarian,” he admits, “with the occasional lapse. But, I am seriously considering going vegan.”
“Doesn’t matter.” John mutters to no one in particular as he shrugs, miming indifference. “He’s a grown man. Didn’t ask for his help anyway, did I.”
he thinks, and this new awareness sparks a burst of bubbly almost-giddy joy inside him, the kind of joy he hadn’t allowed himself until this very moment of clarity, a wash of golden fizzy happiness like bubbles in champagne.
“Yeah,” John finally says. “We both are. But as long as we make it work for us, well. Fuck what anyone else thinks, right?”
The kettle boils. He fishes a mug and a teabag out of the cluttered cupboards, fixes himself a cuppa he knows he won’t drink, and takes it into the sitting room. He puts his mug and mobile on the side table, lowers himself into his lumpy, comfortingly familiar armchair with a bone-tired sigh.
“Get the fuck out of my flat, Mycroft,” Sherlock snarls, except he’s dying of dehydration and everything hurts and it comes out a bit less than commanding--in fact it’s rather a pathetic, hungover croak.
“Oh.” Sherlock hadn’t even quite realized he was so hard, but now with John fondling him the ache and need sparks into sudden flame, grown too strong to ignore. He gasps softly, pressing into John’s caressing palm.
“I know a bloke who almost went with them,” Rocco offered. “He said a man in a white van was asking weird questions and taking a blood test where they stick your finger. He got scared and left.”
They are the kind of couple that kiss goodbye and hello. Sherlock is still surprised by this on a daily basis, by how natural it feels, how he feels oddly adrift without that anchoring touch of lips to mark their comings and goings. They only kiss in private, of course, though it’s been a near thing more than once.
He dreams of Ulysses standing proud at the bow of his ship, waves lapping at the hull, as he sails into the peaceful sunset of the western shore.
, Mary had called him with a dismissive laugh, like his blind loyalty was some kind of private joke she and Sherlock shared. Annoyance, frustration and anger surge up inside him at the thought, threaten to boil over into something truly ugly.
Sherlock feels the stirring of air as the man pulls his arm back; he strains against the cuffs affixing his wrists to the pipe overhead, tensing involuntarily against the blow.
“Mr. Holmes, the criminals of this world would love for you to give up right now, wouldn’t they? Just love it. An early Christmas present, for the bad men in the shadows. That’s what you’re giving them right this minute. Think on that, please, Mr. Holmes.”
John can’t help the shiver that runs through him at the sounds of Sherlock’s pleasure; he wants to dedicate his entire self to Sherlock, he does, but he is human and fallible and his own need is growing, a fire stoked by the rhythmic press of lush backside against his hard and seeking cock can’t help but rock gently into him in time with the push of his hips, nudging his hardness against the warm inviting space just under the swell of his arse as the pleasure builds at the base of his spine, a hot itch of need and desire.
John knows Sherlock is correct (if a bit needlessly rude) about the ordinariness of his appearance; he’s always had an unassuming air, always been easy to miss until he wanted to be noticed. It’s a quality he’s used to his advantage many, many times and it serves him well in their current situation. Nobody sees him, not really.
“John.” She pauses for a moment, gathering her thoughts. “John, did you ever want something so badly that it twists you up inside, just tears you up piece by piece, until you wake up one day and you don’t even recognise yourself anymore?”
John can tell the exact moment he changes his mind. Something in the set of Sherlock’s shoulders relaxes, ever so slightly, as the ghost of a grin touches his lips.
“What about--” he can’t bring himself to say the name, not when they’re like this. “Don’t you want to get to work? I understand, I don’t m--”
“Hmm,” Sherlock says. “That would be difficult. Good tailors are so hard to find. But still, you’ve opened up a world I never even considered.” He quirks an eyebrow. “
John is fantastic and perfect and very, very good at this, and he has Chinese food ordered and Sherlock in a hot bath before the drop hits.
Sherlock unfolds his long legs, turns slightly at the waist to pull something from his trouser pocket. He fiddles briefly with a small, clear pint bottle, and a moment later the bitter, organic solvent aroma of bottom-shelf alcohol reaches John’s nostrils.
Turns out the delivery guy is in fact merely a delivery guy; Sherlock pays him in cash, takes the food, locks and bolts the door after him. He brings the bags to the bed, hands them to John, then turns and takes the Glock out of his jeans and places it on top of the bureau.
In the eye of the storm, Molly is curled in an enormous overstuffed recliner, soundly asleep under a ratty blanket likely older than she is. In slumber she is wizened but still innocent, somehow young and ancient all at once.
He thinks of crossing his fingers behind his back, dismisses it as a bit childish but reserves the option for later if needed.
“And you need money to make money. So you required a new backer who was willing to invest in your...vision,” Sherlock spits, flat and disgusted.
“You’re going to wait for a call,” she tells them. “A gentleman named James will be getting in touch with you shortly."
never been so ignorant as to conflate submissiveness with femininity, and if he’d ever be so stupid as to make that mistake Sherlock would verbally eviscerate him without breaking a sweat. No, Sherlock was the one who had first obliquely suggested this, a few months back, when a meandering late-night conversation turned to the subject of his late and much-discussed uncle Rudy.
“Bloody good thing, too.” John says, closing the fridge door with a wince.  “Or you’d have become a mummified skeleton by now. Okay, today’s plan now includes groceries.”
“Open your mouth, slut,” John says and Sherlock obeys, opening his mouth wide as John’s hips stutter and still. “Fuck, yes--” he pants and he’s coming, warm bitter liquid on Sherlock’s tongue and lips and chin and neck as John gasps out short, bitten-off cries and comes and comes and comes.
“I see myself,” Sherlock breathes, his voice low and rough from hours of moaning, of begging, of crying out in pain and pleasure.
, exactly -- it’s light years better than Camden -- but John can’t help but think it feels shopworn somehow, roughly handled and frayed around the edges.
“Yeah, well, I don’t hate him,” Greg says, his face growing more serious. “In fact, I know a bit about what he’s been through, maybe better than most.” He looks away, scratches the back of his neck. “Me and the missus... well, the ex missus. We lost a baby. Our first. Stillborn.” He looks at Sherlock hard, his eyes almost daring him to say something thoughtless or cutting.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock says, and slips the chain over his head. The stone, still warm from John’s skin, nestles over his heart like it was always meant to be there.
John knows, viscerally, that while he profoundly regrets Mycroft’s death and agonises over Sherlock’s razor-edged grief, he would do it all over again in a heartbeat. He would sacrifice Mycroft Holmes ten, twenty, one hundred times over to keep Sherlock Holmes safe.
“The long and short of it is,” he replies, “I don’t fear them getting away. I fear us not finding them in time and getting caught up in the godforsaken mess Adam Kravitz has made.”
“I picked up Chinese,” he says, half-apologetic. “I know we’re both tired of takeaway, but you need protein and there’s nothing in the freezer that doesn’t have meat in it.”
“Okay,” Lestrade says, carefully neutral but clearly unsure what to make of this ragged young man, gaunt-cheeked and hollow-eyed but obviously bright, his mental acuity almost visibly radiating from him in the same way it does from Sherlock.
John busies himself with the novel, trying to convince himself it’s better than it actually is. He is just starting to buy his own bullshit and get immersed in the narrative, when a timid knock sounds at the door.
John hates doing it, he hates the person time and duress and circumstance have made him into, but necessity again forces his hand yet again, metaphorically as well as very literally. He pulls out his gun in one fluid motion; keeping the muzzle aimed it at the ground and his finger off the trigger is not much of a balm to his conscience.
Sherlock obeys, watching as John begins unbuttoning his shirt in a measured, unhurried pace. He takes off his clothing slowly but without pretense, folding each article of clothing carefully and placing the stack neatly on the desk. John watches Sherlock watch him, not breaking eye contact as he removes his belt, unbuttons his khaki trousers and slides them off his hips.
“S’all right,” John says, slurring his words more than a little, still half drunk on endorphins and oxytocin. “More than all right. God. Brilliant. Amazing --”
“John,” she says. “He’s not the same man he was before he left. Everyone else can recognise that, but I think maybe you’re just too close to see it.”
“I don’t know, John,” Sherlock says with a small smile. “I might make a fetching merman, don’t you think?”
“Oh, no,” Sherlock says with a bit of unexpected vehemence that surprises John. “We are not ever doing this again. Fists, brass knuckles, tasers, knives, scimitars… all still perfectly acceptable. But I’ve had enough guns for a lifetime.”
“Slip that in my tea when I’m not looking,” John jokes before tipping the entire handful of pills in his mouth. He follows with a gulp of water. “Thank you.”
A little over an hour later, John is awakened by return of Glenn the nurse, accompanied by a shorter, stone-faced male technician in maroon scrubs, his demeanour as somber as Glenn’s is resolutely upbeat.
Fortunately, the wound is superficial, and the scar will be hidden by Sherlock’s hair. “No stitches this time,” John says, dabbing the cut with gauze and applying antibiotic ointment from the first aid kit someone had unearthed out of secretary’s desk drawer. “Make sure to clean it thoroughly, later. It’s a hundred years old, but who knows what could be on that fin. Wouldn’t want you to grow scales in your sleep, or something.”
“Gruesome, yet technically correct,” John notes. “Which, by the way, is what you should put on a business card. ‘Sherlock Holmes, gruesome yet technically correct.’”
Moriarty is dead for real, his shadow no longer looming large, the cold greasy traces of fear John always felt at the thought of him finally gone for good.
"How is it that you're doing so very well, Mister D'Annibale, in this hard town so mired in hard times? All these customers, coming from all over, just to have their prescriptions filled at your little shop. Why, I wonder? Why are they making that kind of a trip, all the way over the bridge?”
Sherlock unbuckles his seat belt. “As ever, plain sight is often the best disguise.” He exits the car, comes around to John’s side and opens the passenger door for him. “Take it slow, please? You’ve been sitting for a while, let me --”
“Come on,” Sherlock murmurs to him, and steers him into the sitting room, towards the sofa. Sherlock sits down. John stands in front of him, still looking uncertain.
“Hello yourself,” Sherlock says quietly, his voice warm and deep, his fond, genuine smile visible even in the low light.
“I bought this a while ago,” John says, and tugs oh-so-gently on the leash. The pressure on his windpipe impedes his breathing only slightly, but Sherlock’s head buzzes and swims nonetheless. He finds the sensation shockingly erotic.
“Sounds like hoofbeats, don’t you think?” Sherlock says sardonically, with an undertone of frankly inadvisable smugness. “I believe, Maria, that the cavalry has arrived.”
John just shakes his head. “Have a nice wedding, mate,” he says, then turns on his heel and walks away without hesitation.
“Then get up off your arse and prove you possess the larger mind and superior, dairy-free technique, you condescending git,” John replies, his tone light and bantering.
The past is done and gone. It can’t be changed. But it’s barely even behind him, the scars on his mind and heart still as fresh as the ones he has on his belly, and John can’t shake the feeling his past isn’t done with him, not quite yet.
Sherlock starts the car and makes a wide K-turn, leaving the headlights off as they pull away from the house. He doesn’t switch them on again until they turn off the lane onto the larger road.
John gives a small sigh as he checks altitude, adjusts stabilisers to compensate for the gusting wind buffeting the small craft. “You’ve got more, don’t you?” John said. “Go on, then.”
“We’ll never even make a dent in all this,” John says with a chuckle, but to his surprise they make a decent go at it. John is ravenous, inhaling curry and spring rolls, and Sherlock is matching him almost bite for bite, tucking away chicken satay and dumplings and pad thai like he hasn’t eaten a meal in days himself.
“No,” he snaps. “No, I do not have to understand a damned thing. We have an agreement in place, and I don’t -- ” He closes his eyes, rubs them with shaking fingers. “This has nothing to do with -- you know what? Fine. Forget it. Forget it, and thank you for absolutely
“It’s lovely to be back,” John says with complete sincerity. “It’s fair to say I’ve been a bit out of sorts, myself.”
As Sherlock heads to the bedroom to fetch his laptop, John investigates the biscuits; they’re Golden Oreos, just slightly stale, not properly British but he’s not in much position to complain at the moment.
“Mmmmf,” John mumbles in greeting, and stretches his neck, tight and cramping from napping in an awkward position. “Hey. Did you eat?”
Sherlock finds a discarded item of clothing--John’s shirt, it will wash--and swipes at the stickiness on his stomach. Somewhat less slimy, he pulls John close. John relaxes against him, draping an arm around his waist.
It makes John grieve to think that their flat, their beloved 221b, once a shared place of comfort and safety, might no longer be that safe space Sherlock. He silently vows in his heart to do whatever it takes to unravel and cast away those negative associations, make their home a shared haven again.
More of this must show than he knows, because when John opens his eyes Sherlock is studying his face closely.
,” he says, his voice deceptively soft but full of menace underneath. “And I won’t have you out there embarrassing me by behaving like a cheap cock-hungry slut.”
John seriously considers phoning Lestrade, to the point of his thumb hovering over his number on speed dial. But he doesn’t do it. He discards the idea as ridiculous, not to mention selfish. It’s the middle of the night, and the poor man doesn’t get near enough sleep as it is.
Sherlock scrolls rapidly through the pages. “The woman we knew as Mary Morstan was born in America, somewhere in the Mid Atlantic region. Her layers of false identity are deep and complex. My connections confirm that she’s of Ukrainian descent, with deep family ties to a diverse Ukrainian/Lithuanian organised crime network operating primarily in the area between Philadelphia and New York."
“No. Not at all. Things are--” John searches for the right words, not willing to overshare but still wanting to be honest with her. “We had a bit of a rough patch, I guess, but--things are better, now. Things are fine.”
Sherlock takes a deep, careful breath and sets his mug aside, pulls the silver memory stick out of the pocket of his blue dressing gown. John watches him flip it contemplatively between long, graceful fingers.
“It’s still very odd to apply this knowledge to myself,” Sherlock acknowledges. “But, at the risk of throwing about truisms, it is what it is, and raging at the unfairness of it all changes absolutely nothing.”
“Lay on your side, love,” John instructed him, guiding him to where he wanted him, on his side in the middle of the big bed.
His beard has grown in enough that it’s beyond stubble, only a day or so away from being a proper beard. John doesn’t have the energy to deal with it, and it’s past the itchy stage, anyway. So he leaves it be.
Sherlock just experienced his first kiss ten minutes ago, so it’s probably, obviously far too soon for declarations of eternal love.
John ducks into the loo, taking a quick piss before washing his hands and splashing a palmful of cold water on his face, then swiping a toothbrush hastily around his mouth, forgoing his usual careful brushing and flossing in favour of expedience.
It’s something to do with the vulnerability of the moment, John supposes, or the feel of skin touching skin, or the way Sherlock is kissing him right now, like his very life depends upon it. Maybe it’s all of it, together, that sparks the tinder deep in his bones, desire flaring up in him, hot and undeniable, demanding more. He kisses Sherlock again, with unmistakable intent this time, and Sherlock responds, surging towards him. Their mouths open to one another as they kiss, kisses demanding and insistent, tongues fully meeting and tasting, their deep physical need made manifest for the first time since that shattering night in Atlantic City.
“You are in a good mood, though,” John observes, and it’s true. Sherlock seems brighter, more like himself than he’s been since before all this began.
Between low moans Sherlock nods jerkily, the movement flinging tiny drops of moisture from his wet curls.
“Agreed,” Sherlock sighs, the sound becoming a hiss as John very carefully wipes at his spent cock and pink, slightly swollen testicles. He stirs, opens his eyes, turns his head back to look at John.
“I am only going to say this one time, Sherlock, so pay attention. My current position isn’t some kind of a -- a prize, or a gift, or a windfall. I would do
He stood and fetched the coverlet from the side chair and spread it over Sherlock’s immobile form, then spooned himself behind the much longer body and reached behind himself to turn out the light.
The way Sherlock turns his head and looks at him with (rightfully) condescending disbelief, John feels an absolute moron for not catching the actual question.
Joh fishes his phone out of his pocket, twisting a bit at the waist, steeling himself not to grimace at the pull.
Sherlock has been unable to bring himself to contact John, too overcome by jangled nerves and awkwardness. Lestrade turns up on the doorstep of Baker Street, nattering on about a box of ears, and Sherlock seizes the opportunity to make an overture.
Once home John takes himself into the kitchen, pours himself a generous two fingers of whisky. He swallows it without tasting, then pours another. Anger and frustration bubble hot and dangerous inside him, roiling around in his belly with the liquor.
“I should,” John continues, musing aloud. “I should. You don’t deserve to come after the way you behaved, and I fucking love keeping you like this. Filthy shameless whore, legs open and your prick rock-hard, begging to be properly fucked after your beating. Jesus Christ, you’re a work of art.”
“Yes, love, you can go get your laptop and work on it,” John sighs. “You can do any damn thing you like, as long as you let me sleep for another hour.”
“Well,” says the young woman, “We all end up where we’re supposed to be, in the end, don’t you think?”
“I think you were right,” he murmurs. “It really is just a scratch.” He rummages briefly in the messy first aid kit, finds a tube of antibiotic salve and a still-sealed packet of sterile gauze. He tears the packet open, applies a thin stripe of ointment to the cloth and dabs at the wound, then tosses the cloth and tube of antiseptic carelessly aside. “Don’t even think it needs a plaster.”
“Turn your head to the right,” he murmurs. Sherlock complies, and John places two fingers gently against the sharp edge of his jaw, tipping his chin up for a better look at the thin red furrow etched into the soft white skin of his throat.
“Loo,” Sherlock mutters in a strangled voice as they enter the flat, disappearing into the bathroom.
“I am. Truly, I am.” She fixes a cool blue gaze on John. “All I can tell you is, as Mr Holmes so helpfully pointed out, Maria is the closest thing to a daughter to me. She was ill. I was trying to help her. I found her a place to stay, and I was trying to get a doctor who would see her and not ask questions. She was sick and frightened, and when she’s frightened her base instinct is always to go it alone, like an injured creature in the wild. She was sick and getting sicker. I knew she needed a doctor, and I was was trying to get her one, but instead of waiting for help she got impulsive and stupid, ran away and hid and robbed a drugstore. Operating on impulse, or just too ill to see things clearly. I don’t know. It was a profound mistake on her part, of course, and as soon as she was thinking more clearly she saw how huge a mistake she had made. She called me then, full of apologies. As usual.”
American television is even worse than telly at home, John soon realises, growing annoyed after a few minutes, clicking the set off with a sigh. He finishes his dinner without even tasting it and pushes the paper plate aside, sliding down on the bed to stare blankly at the ceiling.
John takes the offered hand, shakes it. “And you’ve called me by name already, so clearly you know who I am.”
“John,” Sherlock finally murmurs, voice low and gravel-rough, strained almost to the point of breaking.
“Vanomycin and metronidazole. Some pretty powerful stuff.” John trains the torch back on the cardboard box. “What are those leaves?”
“Jim Moriarty is dead,” he says slowly, enunciating each word, almost as if saying it often enough will make it true.
It’s not really a question, and there’s no point in lying. It’s not as if Sherlock won’t see through him directly, anyway.
John straightens his shoulders, gives a curt nod to the tired man in the mirror, and returns to bed, sliding between the still-warm covers.
“You think I’m just going to sit here and let you go through my private property?” he snaps, though he makes no effort to prevent Sherlock from doing so.
“You just did,” Sherlock points out a bit peevishly. His feet are cold and he’s getting the sinking feeling the poker-playing brother is going to be yet another dead end in a frustrating case full of dead ends.
It’s only a minute or two until John returns, with several waterproof bed pads nicked from the NHS, a stack of the clean-but-stained towels they keep on hand for messier work like falls into skips and rivers, and the old-fashioned leather doctor’s bag Sherlock had bought him for his birthday. He sets both on the floor at the foot of the mattress.
“Good boy,” John murmurs. “Such a sweet pet. Maybe I will let you come later on, for being so good. But first I’m going to fuck you straight into that mattress. Shove my cock up your arse and pound you till you scream. You want that, don’t you?”
“Because he’s a rational human being!” John snaps. “You want to go looking for the kidnappers, offering yourself as bait, alone, without any backup--”
“Yes,” he breathes, tasting bitterness the sticky wet precome coating his lips. He dares to blindly dart out his tongue, finding the head of John’s cock and licking at the wet slit, savouring another burst of musky animal flavour.
John wakes, cracks open one bleary eye to see a Starbucks coffee cup and a paper-wrapped sandwich set out for him on the night table.
“You want this investigated extrajudicially,” Sherlock murmurs. “Avoid a diplomatic incident if at all possible.”
“Hey. Hey.” John slides himself up Sherlock’s body, kisses his cheek. “If it’s too much too soon...”
John suspects this is all very unhealthy, that rather than running away and indulging in some kind of slow-motion mental breakdown he should have let Sherlock take him home to Baker Street, allowed the people who love him to care for him and help him heal.
There is a card reader on the wall next to the steel double doors at the end of the hallway. John figures his luck might hold; he pushes at the crash bar. No dice. The door is solidly locked.
Trying to keep his brain occupied, John field-strips and cleans the guns carefully, trying valiantly to undo a decade of neglect with an hour of gun oil and elbow grease. By the time he’s finished they are far from perfect, but it’s a huge improvement. When he’s done he cleans up after himself, then tidies up the room before taking a long, hot shower, scrubbing away the smoke and the annoyance, reminding himself of why they are here, of what they are trying to accomplish.
The loose group gathered round him seems genuinely confused by this information. Anger surging in his veins, John gives in to an impulse borne mostly of frustration and pulls the Glock, pointing it smoothly at the man who originally knocked him over.
Salad and bread arrives. John takes a bite of cucumber and tomato. Sherlock tears a roll into pieces, then smaller pieces, tries not to stare at John’s throat as he chews and swallows.
“You turned them away,” hisses Sherlock, crowding close into Lestrade’s personal space. “People who knew him, cared about him. They knew something terrible had happened, they came to you asking for help, and
“Course we are,” is what John says aloud as he forces himself to smile; it hangs wrong on his face, feels false and strained. “I’ll text you later on, yeah?”
“Please,” John says, begging for something without even knowing what he’s saying. “Please, God, I’m so--I’m so--”
“What the hell, Mycroft,” John rasps blearily. His head emerges from the nest of bedclothes, sandy grey hair a riot of messy spikes.
“I know it would be a completely different experience,” Sherlock replies with calm certainty. “I can’t explain it fully, but you have to trust me on this.”
“You told me you could be good for me,” John sighs, shakes his head. “But I think you need help, don’t you?”
John slips out of bed, pads into the bathroom. He uses the toilet in the dark, locates his pants on the floor by touch, and slips them onto his slightly sticky, slightly sore body before making his way across the hall to the kitchen.
John wins the brief, goodnatured tussle over who more desperately needs the loo; “For Christ’s sake, Sherlock, I have come in my
“Listen,” a shorter, rounder bloke wearing a red and white ball cap says calmly, carefully. “We don’t need to have no confrontation here over a misunderstanding.”
John stands in front of Sherlock, naked as the day he was born, hands on hips, a bit self-conscious, perhaps, but unashamed and trusting, completely willing to let Sherlock have this control, to lead him wherever he wants or needs him to go.
John gently guides Sherlock on with the hand on his hip, encouraging him to move, to thrust as John keeps his mouth slack and wet, his jaw relaxed. After a few moments of stuttered, abortive movement, Sherlock begins to find his rhythm, hand gripping the wooden headboard for dear life as he thrusts, cock sliding in and out of John’s wet slack mouth -- but he’s still overly careful, overly constrained, unwilling to let go enough to reach climax.
John finally disengages himself a bit from Sherlock’s limbs, wincing as his soft cock slides out of him with a wet noise, then sighs and sinks back down against his chest. Sherlock summons the energy to press a kiss to his soft hair.
“Adequate?!” John exclaims in genuine disbelief. “Sherlock. It’s only our second time together, and you...you...not only were you beyond adequate, you’re apparently some sort of, I don’t know, savant sex genius. Which I guess isn’t surprising, considering how you’re a genius at every damn thing you’ve ever tried.”
The woman chuckles, shakes her head. “There’s nothing at all, though that would be remarkably foolish on your end, considering I’m the person you’ve been searching for.”
“I should tell you every day,” Sherlock whispers into his ear, the feeling behind the words making the tightness in his belly spiral even as unshed tears prickle in his eyes. “It shouldn’t take almost losing you for me to say it--”
“No,” John says. “You know I wouldn’t.” He moves closer to Sherlock, gives in to the aching need to touch him. He presses gentle fingers into his upper arm, slender but surprisingly muscular, heat radiating from his skin through the fine cotton shirt. “But somebody would.”
“Rather like I’ve been run over by a lorry.” Sherlock stretches a bit, groans. “A lorry that also had sex with me,” he adds.
“It stings like hell,” said John, “I won’t lie. But I’m so damn tired I’ll sleep just fine, love. Really I will.”
(He never speaks to anyone but Sherlock, though, if he can possibly help it; though he’s worked and lived with many Americans, there’s no way he can fake any sort of native accent, and he’s not going to embarrass himself with an attempt.)
He finds a large warm hand, brings it up to his lips, kisses the knobby knuckles in silent absolution.
Before he can stop himself, before he can steer away from the dangerous shoals of impulse, John opens his mouth, gives voice to the one thought that rises above all others in the cacophony of his heart.
“Next stop is Philadelphia,” Sherlock tells him. “If you need the loo, now’s your chance. I’ll take her.”
Sherlock looks at the floor, his proud shoulders slumped in defeat. John feels like a grade-A arsehole, taking out his frustration and confusion on the one truly blameless party in this entire horrorshow.
“I want to come,” he pants. “Oh God, I want to come, I want to blow all over your gorgeous face and lick it back off. Jesus. Fuck.” He gives a single, drawn-out groan, then slows the movement of his hand, then yanks Sherlock away from his task, grasps the base of his own cock and stills, breathing hard through his nose as he staves off his imminent orgasm.
“John’s a good man at heart,” Greg continues, “and I’ve never really thought otherwise, and I suppose I’m more inclined to forgive him than others might be.“
The hand-crank radio, unearthed from a closet in the basement where it had likely languished since the late eighties, has been their only link to the outside world.
His long thumb strokes the inside of John’s wrist, the gentlest touch imaginable, as he takes a deep breath as if steeling himself for something huge, something terrifying.
“Hold on,” Lestrade suddenly says, sitting up straight in this chair. “I know this name.” He waves the sheet of paper in his hand at John, places it on the table in front of him. “Kevin Astor Lee. Listed as owner of Medical Linen Supply of London, located in an industrial park in Hounslow. That name. It’s crossed my desk before. I know it.”
Practiced fingers circle his neck. The weight of the collar around his neck is a token of John’s possession, an anchor sinking him even deeper into the warm enveloping darkness of subspace.
This story went to places I didn't expect, and I think the journey is going to be very worthwhile in the end.
“I see a lot of activity,” John says. “A remarkable amount. But it is the end of a work day, so I can see how people might be picking up prescriptions or whatnot on the way home.”
“Well, I’m not usually in this position with my patients, am I?” John replies with just a trace of tartness.
“I. Like. Kissing,” Sherlock repeats, with just the barest individual emphasis on each word, possibly implying that John may not be the sharpest tool in this particular shed.
John can’t help but grin for just a fleeting moment--and it’s awful that he finds murder funny, but this is who they are--but just as quickly grows serious again. “Sherlock,” he says, voice rough but kind. “You’re not really a sociopath. You know that, right? It’s not even a current diagnosis. It’s something you pulled out of a book when you were a teenager.”
John wipes himself off, not doing a particularly thorough job of it -- it’s been two weeks, and their combined output is, to put it delicately, copious -- before tossing the tissues carelessly behind himself, hoping they land on the bed and not the floor, trying to ignore for the moment how Sherlock’s general household untidiness seems to have grown more contagious in their time on American soil.
“Oh, oh, oh, fuck--” Sherlock is panting and babbling incoherently, his head rolling from side to side as John teases his hole. “More, damn it, more. Please, I need-”
“For a bit,” Sherlock murmurs, his voice rough-edged with tiredness. “But not all night. There are a great many arrangements to be made before we leave tomorrow and I need to get up early to be on London time for some of them.”
John fishes in his jeans pocket, pulls out a pen and a crumpled Caffe Nero receipt. He scratches numbers on the back of the paper and hands it to Sherlock.
“Don’t misunderstand me,” he says, his voice low and roughened. “I absolutely want to, but...John, are you completely certain you’re up for this?”
Mrs. Hudson tuts, begins tidying the kitchen. “Honestly,” she says, “I do sometimes wish John still lived here. You were so much happier with him here, and a lot easier to handle, I don’t mind telling you.”
At that name, some part of John’s deepest self awakens fully, reboots, comes back online and remembers who he is and where is and why; which is to say, he is John Hamish Watson, MD, forty-two years of age, RAMC veteran with a bad shoulder and even worse trust issues, recently reeling from a dreadfully ill-advised marriage,
Sherlock doesn’t laugh, but a smile tugs at his lips as he turns his traitorous face toward the rain-streaked window. “Did I miss anything?”
Sherlock wonders fleetingly, and finds that he’s not at all certain John does. He decides to file that question away for a later, less fraught moment.
. Travis was barefoot, starved and missing half his blood. He traveled under his own power, but he wouldn’t have made it far before he collapsed.” Sherlock is up pacing now, his thoughts cascading, almost visible around him as he strides and turns. “These men are being held against their will. I’m sure of it. Drugged into submission. Travis, already pathologically afraid of drugs, somehow became aware of the drugging--his heightened paranoia serving him well, for once.”
“Yes, but we weren’t …” Sherlock does a vague little head-bob and shrug thing as he tries to come up with a word that doesn’t offend his sensibilities. “...
He glances in the mirror, just briefly, and decides to ignore the bags under his eyes and the lines etched across his forehead in favor of admiring the aforementioned flattering undershirt.
Sherlock says nothing, but his eyes are wide and dark with lust and emotion as he trails fingertips down the skin of his flat belly, coming to rest at the closure of his trousers.
"Oh God, yes,” Sherlock gasps, his body shaking as John tastes him, tongue slipping under the raveled neck of his tee shirt, then back up to bite and suck at his earlobe.
. Absolutely wrecked, pale skin damp with sweat, his hair a riot of curls, eyes gone hooded and dark with desire, full,  kiss-bitten lips parted and glistening. Even in the dim light John can see the flush of his cheeks, the rise and fall of his chest as his breath comes in rapid, shallow gulps.
John lifts up a bit to make the task a bit easier, and Sherlock slides the fabric over John’s hips and down his legs, taking special care to be gentle as he eases the material over the gauze wrapping around his left thigh. He mouths his way down John’s spine as he works the bottoms off, kicking them aside and making quick work of his own. He slides down the bed as he places small, chaste kisses on John’s flank, nibbles gently on the soft flesh at  the curve of his hip, making John squirm and breathe out small panting noises.
John feels a drop of liquid trickle from his lip. He swipes at it with his finger; it comes away red and wet, and a throb of pain reminds him his face is a bloody, beaten mess. He moves away from Sherlock, sheds his coat, and jacket and tosses them carelessly into his bedroom before moving into the darkened bathroom. He flicks on the harsh, unforgiving fluorescent light, flinching slightly at his battered reflection in the mirror over the sink. He strips off his shirt and turns on the cold tap, lets the basin fill, splashes handfuls of water on his throbbing face, checking for loosened teeth before dunking his entire head into the chilly water.
“Come for me, love,” John breathes. “Come for me now, I want to feel you come while I’m buried inside you, I want to feel you come so hard for me--”
(Not even halfway through his first day back he realised the babies and toddlers were being deliberately shunted away from him. He supposes it’s a kindness.)
“Who said you have to change? He’s as cracked as you are. In fact, you’re absolutely perfect together.” Greg shakes his head. “The two of you just have to get back on the same page and have a little trust in each other again.”
, but they do allow Sherlock and John leave the office without impediment, which is plenty enough of a victory to satisfy John.
The room is quiet for several minutes. John is still awake, still thinking as he plays with Sherlock’s hair. It’s soothing, it’s hypnotic, and Sherlock very much wants to go to sleep in John’s lap like a pampered cat but there’s something he needs to ask first, something he very much needs to know.
With the burden of decision making lifted from his shoulders, Sherlock feels immeasurably lighter. All that’s required of him now is to obey; John will take care of everything else. John will take care of him.
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow. “Kill me? Perhaps eventually, but I know you, Mary, and I know you’re the sort who will get as much information as you can out of me before you kill me. And you know I’m the sort who loves to hear myself talk.”
“Love you too,” John whispers, relaxed and relieved in the knowledge that Sherlock is feeling happy and secure. He privately resolves to not beat himself up over the safeword slip, vowing silently to be more careful with nonverbal communication in the future.
, and in that instant, the veil of drugs and pain and trauma lifts fully, and the weight of it all descends upon him, the images burned into his brain, the memories of that terrible night, and the fear and the sorrow and grief over how it all came to an end.
“What’ve you got there?” John asks. He opens a beer, offers it to Sherlock, who accepts it, tilting the mouth of the bottle to his lips without looking up from the document in front of him.
Mycroft last called him nine days ago (a lifetime ago), the day the background news chatter reached critical mass, the panic in London suddenly a palpable thing. Don’t go out, he said. You can’t tell who’s contagious, just being outside is a danger, let alone trying to get out of London. Nine million people all trying to leave the city at once, they’re shooting people in the streets just to keep some vestige of order. I’ll come for you. Stay put, the three of you. I’ll come.
John kisses him again, more insistent this time, and Sherlock responds, plush lips moving against his own, inexperienced but searching, clumsy with hunger, heat and need blossoming between them as the kiss deepens. Their mouths open to each other, wet tongues meeting and tangling.
“Jesus, Sherlock. We look like a sodding crime scene,” he says, a bit alarmed. Sherlock looks down and finds it true. They are both covered in copious amounts of drying blood, and the pads and the towels kept the gore from soaking the fitted sheet, but the rest of Sherlock’s expensive Egyptian cotton bedding wasn't so fortunate.
Sherlock flails sleepily at him. “I know,” John murmurs, “but I want to make sure you’re not bleeding.”
“I’m a bit tired,” Sherlock admits. “I’ll feel better once I get cleaned up. I haven’t had more than a perfunctory three-minute hospital shower in over a week.”
John looks at the young man, his cheeks flushed and his eyes bright, and he thinks of his own stag night with Sherlock, of the almosts and could-have-beens, the dark fuzzy edges of that drink-soaked evening. He sighs and takes another sip of warm beer, wrapping himself in his own thoughts, letting the conversation flow over him unheeded.
They both go silent. Sherlock gives him a small sheepish grin, and gestures with a wave of his fingers.
Sherlock nods, pulls away a bit, runs his fingers down John’s torso, spans the curves of his hips with his warm, soft, slightly rough hands. Pauses, hands stilling, and looks down at him. The expression on his face is a study in nuance--tender and caring, and aroused, and more than a little self-conscious.
In a different -- and noticeably seedier -- motel, John wakes again in the middle of the night; his body won’t stop insisting it’s well past eight a.m. and he’s had an unforgivably late lie-in.
He summons every ounce of will in his body, ignoring the howling pain of his injury and moving with a speed he didn’t know was still possible as he reaches down and pulls the Ruger from the holster strapped to his right ankle.
“I know. I do know. I just--have no real training in this area. I’m really just--” He breathes deep, blows out a breath. “I care about him,” he confesses, his mouth barrelling past his brain for reasons he doesn’t fully understand. “I do, Mycroft. I care about him so much.”
Sherlock had never before displayed this kind of affection towards John in public, not once in all their years together, not even at their wedding. He could hear the collective jaws of NSY dropping behind them and for once in his life couldn’t be bothered to care one whit.
“Couples on minibreak, trying to mend relationships...it happens much more frequently than people realize. An argument about an attractive coworker over the continental breakfast, tempers flare.”
“No, I’m not all right,” he murmurs. His voice is gravelly and thick, but to his relief John can hear warmth there, a honeyed note of sated amusement. “Good Lord, I’ll never be all right again, I don’t think. At least, I hope not.”
During the day, however, Sherlock is quiet, carefully polite, reserved to the point of being distant. He responds, mostly civilly, to John’s comments and queries but doesn’t initiate conversation himself.
The warm safe feeling evaporates in an instant. Sherlock goes still, his hands around John’s back curling into tight fists.
He is breaking eggs into the hot pan when he senses Sherlock hovering in the doorway leading to the bedroom.
; John feels a flash of hot shame for how he had underestimated Sherlock so terribly for so long, and that surge of feeling is followed by another of those small, unexpected but shattering epiphanies, a moment of sharp clarity that changes the very landscape of his heart.
“It’s fine,” John reassures him. “I’m safe as houses here, and I can’t wait to wear my own clothes.” He considers for a moment, looking over Sherlock’s positively gaunt frame. “And eat something. Please. You’re pale as a sheet of paper and almost as thin.”
There are several pictures of a happy, laughing Katie and Adam, whitewater rafting, having drinks on a patio, fishing. Another photo shows a younger, glasses-wearing Katie with her arm around a woman who looks very much like her, except older. Both the women are wearing summer dresses and are smiling, squinting slightly in the bright sunlight.
,” John gasps, reveling in this unexplored side of Sherlock as a lover, assertive and possessive and just barely shading towards dominant. It’s absolutely intoxicating, it’s
Sherlock rises, slowly, never taking his eyes off John. Approaches him slowly, deliberately, circles him, analysing him, taking in every inch of him from head to toe.
“No signs of forcible restraint or struggle, though,” Sherlock says, contemplative. “One has to presume he was being held against his will, possibly through mental coercion or…” he trails off pale eyes focused on the far wall.
“Lestrade,” he mutters, and then to John’s considerable surprise, he picks up his phone and answers.
Sherlock gasps raggedly but he doesn’t reply, and John sinks the crescent of his thumbnail hard into the already-puffy, overly sensitized flesh of his nipple The pain is bright and crystalline, and Sherlock cries out in pain and pleasure.
(The idea that some fraction of Mary’s betrayal may be John’s own doing, may be tied into his own intense and messy feelings for the man who came back from the dead...oh, he’s not unaware. Not at all unaware that in some nebulous, poorly-defined way, he has betrayed both Sherlock and Mary in the haze of his own confusion and sorrow. Interestingly, the fact of his own complicity in this current clusterfuck makes him hate Mary just that little bit more.)
Until John. And God knows John doesn’t fully understand how or why, but the most unique, amazing, and brilliant man in the world has decided that he, John Watson, alone is worth the cost.
,” John replies, carefully patient. “But do you think we could we possibly have this conversation at another time?”
The smells of cheap vinyl upholstery and stale smoke, ever present in John’s nostrils, suddenly make him overwhelmingly queasy, and he’s absolutely certain he’s going to be ill. He rolls down the window, leans out, gulps lungfuls of damp, green-scented air.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock says dismissively, guiding him down onto the edge of his bed with a hand on his shoulder, then bending to tug off his shoes. The caring yet efficient way he attends to the task tells John nothing about this is sexual, or even particularly romantic; it is instead borne from Sherlock’s need to keep John close, watch over him, care for him and keep him from harm as best he can on this difficult night.
“Patricia,” Sherlock says, calm and direct. “I need you to stop crying now. This is incredibly important. Can you do that for me, please?”
“Okay. I’m angry. But I’m not about to tell you what you can and can’t do.” John sighs. “Can we talk about this first, before you go swanning off?”
And he was absolutely sure he hadn’t misread that flash of want he had seen in Sherlock’s pale eyes just minutes ago. For just that split second, he had the unmistakable look of a man long stranded in the desert, seeing his first glimpse of an oasis.
John knows everything Sherlock is saying is true, and that knowledge makes him feel uncomfortable and defensive in a way he can’t quite define. “Yes, okay,” he grumbles. “Ta for the reality check.”
“I don’t know why I’m still talking to you. And anyhow? What gives you the right to use my first name? We’re done here, and don’t think I won’t pepper spray your ass if you don’t leave me alone.”
He briefly considers burning it down, but he doesn’t want to inconvenience the neighbors quite that much. Instead he decides to make tea, rising to get a mug out of the cupboard.
“I guess that’s...good to know?” A ghost of a smile crosses John’s lips,  but his face is tired and gaunt and a bit sad. He looks up at Sherlock. “I know I’ve burnt a lot of bridges, and rebuilding them is going to take time.” He uncrosses his arms, moves closer to Sherlock. “But I’m willing to do whatever it takes. As long as it takes. As long as that’s what you want.”
“I’m sorry,” Katie says. “Adam, I really am sorry, but I had to do something. This is completely out of control. This is insane.”
And that feeling of rightness, of togetherness, seems to supersede any need for conversation. They quietly mount the seventeen steps, both carefully avoiding the creaky fifth riser out of an ingrained habit that’s grown into a reflex. Sherlock unlocks the door to their flat.
“Plus close to the airport,” offers Wiggins. “Them organs ain’t staying in England. Strict transplantation laws here, strong oversight. I would say Eastern Europe or Southeast Asia.”
“Course not,” Greg replies with a grin. “England would fall. Parliament would dissolve, the monarchy abolished. Chaos would reign over the land. Can’t have
They stop pretending to want the information about the Budapest papers, beating him over and over without explanation with an electrical cord, a metal pipe, a length of brine-soaked rattan.
Sherlock nods, whimpering at the obscene words, shudders of arousal rolling through his body as he struggles to stay still. John kisses the sharp crest of his hip, pulls out his fingers, picks up the plug and lubes it carefully before positioning the tip of the toy against his loosened entrance. Sherlock is vibrating with tension, his spine wound bowstring-tight. John places his dry hand reassuringly on his shaking flank.
“I don’t know why he told you what he did.” Sherlock says, and the pain in his voice makes John feel both devastated and infuriated simultaneously.
John holds out his hand, nods at the man on the floor; Jack glares but complies, taking the now-bloodstained white lanyard from his neck and handing it to John without a word. They back out of the cooler and close the door, then John rolls the heavy cart back to its original position.
“No, I don’t believe you are,” he says, then closes the file folder in front of him. “I’ve not checked your references yet, but as far as I’m concerned Sherlock Holmes is the only reference I need. He’s a good friend to my people and a good man.”
Sherlock’s on the edge of panicking, of fleeing into his bedroom and locking the door and hiding in there forever--Mrs. Hudson can slip biscuits and sandwiches under the door, he’ll be fine--when he feels a pair of warm hands come to rest lightly, tentatively on his hips.
"Maria," John says. His voice is calm, flat, no inflection or tremor whatsoever, and this time it’s not a sham, not a fake. The spike of angry adrenaline surging in his bloodstream calms and centres him, makes his focus sharpen and time slow down.
“If I don’t--” John’s brain catches up with what Sherlock is trying to say. “Oh, God. Sherlock. I--of course I mean it.” He kisses Sherlock’s cheek gently, almost chastely, combs his fingers through the soft dark hair behind his ear. “How can you not know that I--oh, you brilliant daft creature. Of
He doesn’t send them away because watching his parents find joy in his daughter brings him joy, and that revelation has blindsided him, caught him completely unawares.
He will shed rivers of tears, later, but right now Sherlock is too blank to cry, too frozen to do anything at all but hold John’s warm body close and press his lips into soft silver hair.
“That’s good,” Sherlock says, and he gives John a genuine, almost mischievous grin that makes him look impossibly, heartbreakingly young. “That’s outstanding.”
He supposes that if his life were a Hollywood movie, right now the skyline would rise dramatically on the horizon, skyscrapers glowing golden in the waning light of the setting sun.
Not knowing what else to do, John fills the space between them by turning his attention to the console, fiddling with the large and somewhat baffling touchscreen at the middle of it all.
Turning this mess of thought over and over in his head John thinks he's wide awake all over again, but underneath he’s still tired to the bone, and between exhaustion and codeine he falls into a light sleep, unaware he's drowsing until the mattress dips and creaks as Sherlock turns the lamp off and slides into into bed, conspicuously keeping his distance from John, almost clinging to the far edge of the mattress
“Okay, Patricia,” John says, projecting a calm and competent demeanour he absolutely does not feel. “What’s happened?”
It’s the kind of room where John imagines successful Millennial professionals would watch movies on Friday nights and ball games on Sunday afternoons.
“So what happens now?” John asks. “Why all the theatrics if you just wanted to kill us? Bit anticlimactic, if you ask me.”
“-- or hiding somewhere within walking distance of the robbery. Either way, she is not drifting. She has a bolthole, a base of some sort.”
Mycroft Holmes has created the perfect product to meet an unquenchable need, and he is consequently a very, very wealthy man.
Occasionally Sherlock sleeps the night through, surprising John by still being there in the morning, but more often than not a hypervigilant John wakes instantly at the tiny creak and shift of bedsprings at one or two in the morning as a sleepless Sherlock rises to pace, to smoke, to do whatever he does alone in the small hours when reasonable people are tucked up into bed.
“I’m sore, sweaty, and covered in DNA,” Sherlock murmurs. “Altogether, I’ve never been better.” He smiles at John, not even bothering to conceal the quiet tenderness he feels right now as he strokes a thumb across his cheekbone. “You?”
. Sherlock is here, at his bedside, has been for days straight, exhausted and frustrated and terribly, terribly afraid.
John is left completely alone, at least for a few moments. He vaguely thinks about getting up, making some kind of break for it, but his stomach is still threatening rebellion and tea sounds lovely, so--
“Breathe slow and deep, and focus on your senses,” John tells him. “On your body, instead of your mind.”
An unopened bulk-size box of nappies sits against the wall, next to the open doorway. There’s a baby swing and a bouncy chair, and a basket of unfolded laundry sitting on the oversized ottoman. A woman’s hooded sweatshirt is draped over the arm of the sofa, and a pink-flowered fleece baby blanket is tossed over the brocade side chair.
“The technicalities of the case are largely besides the point. Counsel like this is money. As ever, we follow the money, we get closer to the truth. If we discover who felt Maria Kochencko was worthy of this kind of investment, we may find ourselves a very useful leverage point.”
“Are you sure?” John asks. He hates the idea of leaving, of Sherlock working alone, but he is undeniably exhausted.
“She’s not here,” Sherlock says, “But she was, not long ago. Dust was wiped away from the kitchen table.” He pulls a pair of latex gloves from somewhere deep in a jacket pocket, pokes at the pile of disposable dishes on the counter. “These plates next to the sink aren’t fresh, but were recently used. Less than a day old, hours even. We
Sherlock’s bored as well, desperately so, and has been for at least the couple days since he became mostly certain John wasn’t actually going to die. He’s been amazing, he’s been steadfast and kind, but John knows his capacity for that kind of thing isn’t limitless. And they’re damn close to hitting it.
Another pair of feet come trotting up behind him, and John hears someone panting, trying to catch his breath. “I came quick as I could, Jack.”
“All right,” John says calmly, surface blandness concealing the fact that he has very little solid grasp of what’s going on in the current moment. “Thanks, I guess.”
“Who said you have to change?  He’s as cracked as you are. In fact, you’re absolutely perfect together.” Greg shakes his head. “The two of you just have to get back on the same page and have a little trust in each other again.”
“Come on pet, up.” John carefully moved Sherlock up onto his knees, nudging them apart slightly. His cock jutted out from his body, stiff and needy, bobbing as Sherlock shook his head.
“Here,” John says, dropping the flannel and picking up the juice next to the tub. He brings the straw to Sherlock’s lips. “Drink.”
He’s so consumed by the powerful swirl of emotions inside his chest that he doesn’t hear the man behind him until the cold barrel of a gun is pressed against the base of his skull.
The  weight of the Dilaudid is starting to press down on him, but John lingers under the hot spray for a few moments longer. His knees are turning to jelly underneath him, but the shower feel marvelous, positively healing, and John stretches the moment for as long as he is able.
On the way back to the car, the abandoned houses look even eerier and more menacing under the light of the rising full moon. Here and there a few trees are interspersed among the buildings, maples struggling to put out the first spring leaves, budding branches rustling in the slightly gusty wind that’s sprung up seemingly out of nowhere.
The only thing he can do, now, is whatever he can, whatever he has to in order to keep Sherlock on the right side of that thin red line between life and death.
He can’t seem to pull himself together, though, can’t seem to calm his racing pulse. The room seems to shrink, the depressing walls close and stifling. John needs to get his head together. He needs a drink. He gathers up the scattered photographs, pockets them and brushes past Lestrade as he leaves without another word.
John climbs out of bed, pads into the loo for a very perfunctory wash, then pulls on his pants and vest before following.
“Hey,” he says, his voice gentler, sounding a little more like his usual self. “I’m gonna take the blindfold off, okay?”
“Yes.” John turns his head to meet Sherlock’s mouth with his own, not even properly kissing, their mouths smearing messily against each other at an odd angle. “God, yes please.”
“A foreign national engaged in crimes against the Crown, wounded in the course of apprehension by an SIS intelligence officer,” he reads. He looks up at Lestrade. “So we’re pinning this all on a fabricated secret agent?”
The skull says nothing in reply, but the hollow eye sockets seem to be watching him, the toothy grin smirking at the empty bluster John uses to hide his fear.
Late the next evening, Sherlock lay sprawled half on top of John, sweaty and sticky and blissfully content.
But this is how they can fight it, fight back against an enemy that threatens to tear them apart, an enemy they can’t yet see. They can be together. They can love each other, completely and without reservation, and stubbornly refuse to be parted from one another.
Sherlock is not a believer in sudden realisations; he is a student of human behaviour, and he knows that every action is the result of a chain of events, the culmination of many, many prior decisions that lead to a singular moment in time.
Late the next morning, John is muzzily contemplating his second cup of coffee and Sherlock is poring over maps of Argentina and muttering to himself in Spanish for reasons unknowable to anyone but himself when the trill of a ringing phone interrupts the peace.
“Take this,” he mutters, reaching into a pocket and thrusting something flat and shiny into John’s hand.
“I know,” Sherlock replies. “But I want to be. Well, wanted to be. And that in and of itself is indicative of a deeper set of issues, isn’t it?”
“No, I never did, did I?” John leans back against Sherlock’s long, warm frame. “You distracted me with fantastic snogging, and by the time I came back to my senses the impulse to yell had passed. Well played, my dear.”
“You didn’t think I was disgusting thirty minutes ago,” Sherlock points out with just the barest edge of smugness colouring his tone.
It suddenly occurs to John that perhaps he is being a more than a bit self-involved in his unhappiness and complicated, conflcted pining for Sherlock; Mrs Hudson is a friend as well, and has always been kind to John, and right this moment he is being more than a little inconsiderate.
As footsteps climb the stairs Sherlock stands still in the middle of the room, feeling rooted to the spot as John opens the unlocked door and enters, carrying a large duffel and a laptop case. He enters the sitting room and slides both of them to the floor, an arm’s length away from Sherlock.
“Six replicants,” the Chief Inspector murmurs. “Three male, three female. Three nights ago they tried to break into the Holmes Corporation. Two of them got fried running through an electrical field. We lost the others. On the possibility they might try to infiltrate his employees, I had Donovan go over and run Voight-Kampff tests on the new workers. Looks like she got herself one.”
John takes them from his chilly fingers, fastens the collar deftly around his neck. Sherlock looks at the floor, still feeling awkward, not quite ready to make eye contact.
“Not yet,” he murmurs, brushing a stray curl from Sherlock’s forehead. “I just...  I just want to focus on you. I want to make you feel so good. All right?”
The shivering spasms of John’s body and his name on John’s lips are more than Sherlock can withstand and he lets himself go, pounding into John hard and deep as his orgasm takes him, sweet silvery bliss starting low in his spine and pulsing out in electric waves, making him gasp as he snaps his hips hard one last time and spills hot and slick inside John’s tight passage.
John doesn’t quite know what to say to that. He still feels a tight, constricted knot in his throat, still doesn’t fully understand what he’s feeling and why.
Sherlock slips into the ensuite; the toilet flushes, water runs. John, wanting to spare him from having to make halfhearted excuses, closes his eyes, pretends to sleep as Sherlock enters the bedroom.
“I’m gonna make you feel so good,” John murmurs, sliding back down his body, kissing the sharp curve of his hip. “I promise I will.”
“All right.” John kisses him again. “You’ve been so good for me, so very good. You deserve a reward, I think.”
“Yeah, mate. Got it. Differences.” He looks down, takes a long pull of his drink, returns his beady eyes to John’s. “I’d bet a twenty that ‘difference’ is that poofter cop you run around with, innit?”
“I didn’t say that,” Sherlock says, hurriedly hauling himself upright, snatching the printouts from Lestrade’s outstretched hand. “I’ll have it solved for you in two hours.”
“Good boy,” John said, filling his voice with warm approval. “You can listen so well, when you want to.” He kissed Sherlock’s forehead, then turned to retrieve a flannel and small basin from the cabinet under the sink. He wet and shampooed Sherlock’s hair, massaging his scalp with his fingers, feeling Sherlock arch and sigh with pleasure at the touch. He rinsed carefully with several basins of clear water from the tap, then grabbed a small dry towel to blot the excess water so he wouldn’t get too chilled.
Sherlock quirks an eyebrow in acknowledgment of John’s perceptiveness. “All right, yes. It occurred occasionally. It was fairly uncommon when I attended school, and banned entirely in 1999.”
Sherlock looks at him reproachfully over the rim of his glass. “Honestly, John. Why do you absolutely insist on thinking I don’t care about you, when there is a mountain of evidence to the contrary? What exactly is the purpose of this defense mechanism?”
“Yeah, I know,” John says, reading the intentions clearly telegraphed in Sherlock’s expression, his posture. “But you’re dehydrated and kind of gamy, and I know you had a cigarette or two before I got up.”
The warm, slightly citrusy scent of his freshly-washed hair fills John’s nostrils, setting his limbic system alight. John resists the impulse to turn his head bury his nose into those dark curls, settling for curling his fingers just a little more snugly into the soft bit of flesh covering his wiry upper arm.
They are almost at the stairwell when the door clangs open and the second minion--the man Jack sent for knockout drugs--comes bounding into view. He stops at the sight of them, and his shock of sandy brown hair and prominent front teeth make him look like a large terrified rabbit.
John moves back up Sherlock’s body, gently kisses his puffy, bitten mouth as he takes his cock in hand, stroking him, savoring the silky smooth heat of his flesh.
“I’m wonderful,” John murmurs. “And you’re wonderful,” he continues, tracing reassuring circles on the curve of Sherlock’s clothed hip with his fingertip. “I’m just…” He's come so far, he’s so much closer to his emotions than he’s ever been before, but John still doesn’t yet know how to put all these enormous feelings inside of him into the right words.”I’m just really glad we’re here,” he finally says with hushed reverence, his voice almost a whisper.
“No,” he says between clenched teeth, his left hand clenching and unclenching. “I’m not doing this.” He pushes past Sherlock to grab his jacket from the wall hook.
Sherlock brings his fingers to the back of John’s head, pulls him close.“Neither have I,” he murmurs, hushed and conspiratorial, and kisses him.
“Look at the way you’re dying to fuck me right now,” John murmurs. “You’re such a slut for it, aren’t you?”
Sherlock doesn’t reply in words, but he tilts his head slightly towards John, the tension in his features smoothing noticeably.
“You are not an idiot,” Sherlock says. “Not in the least. Compared to most people, you’re positively bright at least some of the time.”
They kiss, languid and messy, for what feels like hours but in reality is only a few minutes, before John grows more fully awake and rational thoughts start to intrude. “Sherlock,” he murmurs. “We need to...I should check my messages, and the news feed.”
“No,” he says flatly. “You are not talking right now. In fact, you are not talking again until I tell you to. Do you understand me?”
While he waits for Sherlock to return, John shifts in the chair, trying to ignore the growing discomfort in his side as he surveys his new, non-motel surroundings.
“I went back yesterday,” Atherton continues, “and made enough of fuss that I got a copy of the coroner’s report.”
They wash each other in between kisses and caresses, both half-hard despite their exhaustion, but far too tired to do anything else about it. When they are both reasonably clean John turns off the taps and uses a single semi-clean towel to dry them both off.
He hears the sound of it before the blow registers, and for a split second he believes it surprisingly, disappointingly painless; then a burst of stinging hot fire blooms bright, and he makes a cry of surprise. The next follows immediately, a matching smack on his right cheek, and then another on the full swell of the left.
His heart hammering and the taste of guilt and embarrassment thick and metallic in his mouth, John shoves the gun roughly into the back of his jeans. There’s a small shop on the opposite street corner, windows papered over with a jumble of signs old and new, a bright yellow awning perched over the doorway.
“That would mean, then, that we’re getting married.” John suddenly sounds a bit formal and shy, almost nervous, and Sherlock is overcome with a burst of bone-deep adoration for this incredible, unpredictable, quietly ferocious man.
To his eternal credit, Sherlock shows no surprise or shock when he first surveys the ruined landscape of John’s shoulder, instead displaying the intense, laser focus of fascination--which honestly is only very slightly less disconcerting.
The robber shakes his head and gives Sherlock a contemptuous sneer, raises the gun to point it squarely between Sherlock’s eyes. His eyes are hard, but his hand quivers just a fraction. “That may be true,” he says. “But I don’t give a fuck about shooting
“I know you can do it, love,” John murmurs, kissing the edge of his iliac crest as he works the plug into him. “Show me how much you want it. Show me well you can take it.”
Sherlock quirks an annoyed eyebrow at John before continuing. “That said, if I have to theorise, I’d say the surviving portions of the operation regrouped, rebuilt, and then split into competing factions, following some sort of power struggle, exacerbated by doubt over whether Moriarty was really dead. He was brilliant and unstable and unpredictable enough that no one knew what to expect--faking his own death was absolutely the kind of strategic move he would employ as part of a longer game. The broadcast Mycroft created to get me out of my exile just added to the confusion.”
“All right,” Sherlock replies, re-opening his computer. “That should be enough time to look up family history, property records. Set up a grid of possible movements based on known past locations.” Sherlock looks up at John, a familiar glint in his pale silver-green eyes.“We’re closing in on her, John. She’s still in Camden. I’m sure of it. “
allow you to belittle me and call me stupid in front of others. You require a firmer hand, pet, and I’ve been remiss in not correcting your misbehaviour.”
Sherlock pushes him back, looks up at him with narrowed eyes. John’s face is flushed, his hair a riot. He looks indecent, Sherlock wants to
“I didn’t mean to go behind your back,” Sherlock says, speaking quickly, as if he fears John’s anger. “And I wasn’t trying to invade your privacy for no reason. If she was born outside of a medical facility, as we both suspect, it will be important from a legal perspective that paternity is already established.”
Sherlock shifts slightly, pressing his wet lips against the edge of John’s jaw, under his ear, breathing hard against the column of his throat, making John whimper just the tiniest bit, involuntarily, turning his head to give him access to the sensitive skin of his throat.
John almost objects to Sherlock carrying a gun. Something about the flat, cold look in his eye is deeply unsettling, chilling John right down to the bone.
“No,” Sherlock says quickly, almost urgently. “I’m just. Okay, I’m anxious, but not because i don't want you here. I just... I should explain myself, I suppose. I don’t mean to give you the wrong idea.”
John lies in bed watching as the pale sunrise creases the sky, then he gets up and makes coffee and toast. The coffee he drinks, the toast grows cold on the plate.
“The story you've spread around says you’re from the rough streets of Baltimore, but that’s not quite true, is it? You were born James Winters. Your mother is a critical care nurse from Puerto Rico, you father is a cardiothoracic surgeon, both employed at Walter Reed Medical Center. You’re telling a partial truth about being from the Baltimore
Sherlock was externally cold, dismissive, seemingly indifferent to the tragedy. John heard the whispers in the halls of New Scotland Yard that trailed behind them as Sherlock swept out, coat swirling behind him.
John flicked off the clips one by one as Sherlock moaned and wept, keeping the patterns and timing random, removing two right in a row then waiting fifteen or twenty seconds for the next, making him unable to predict or deduce where the pain might blossom next.
(And if Sherlock’s breathing wavers as well, if John feels warm dampness on the patch of skin behind his ear, if he possibly takes cover in John’s moment of emotional breakdown to allow himself his own -- well, there’s no particular need or benefit in putting Sherlock under the spotlight for it, is there.)
“Well, yes,” John replies, regarding the director with curiosity. “You read the papers then, I take it.”
Sherlock stands at the foot of the bed a moment, as if hesitating; then he’s kicking off his pyjamas carelessly and slipping into bed, the mattress creaking as his naked body settles behind John, pulling him close. His arm slides around John’s waist and slips under his elbow; he gently presses his hand against the centre of John’s chest, over his heart.
“David Caldwell,” Sherlock echoes in agreement. “He’s the key between Maria and whoever got her out of prison.”
Black fingers of pure dread clutch at Sherlock’s heart, squeeze it tight. He can’t breathe. He pulls back, looks at John's face, his eyes bright with fever, spots of color high on his cheeks.
Sherlock wakes, briefly, to fingers tracing across the muscles of his abdomen. He recoils, unable to stop the whimper that spills from his lips.
“You like the idea of that, don’t you?” John murmurs. “Being used, passed around like a cheap fucktoy.”
Gun in right hand, John kneels on Blue Shirt’s back, wrenches his left arm back hard enough to feel the resistance in the man’s elbow, only a few pounds of pressure away from a truly impressive spiral fracture.
Sherlock grins a bit and does as he’s told, snagging his laptop off the desk before shimmying back under the sheets.
Sherlock’s expression hardens, his eyes narrowing. “Do you, at this current moment, have a better plan?” he challenges.
Sherlock’s slumber is still light for all that; he seems to immediately sense John’s return to the land of the living. He awakens with a start, sitting upright and swinging both feet to the floor, scrubbing his fingers against the back of his head.
“Sherlock,” John says, in a warning tone that clearly indicates a man at the end of his rope, “an hour ago, I was interviewing the banker’s secretary. In fact, I was gone
Sherlock’s hips pump helplessly against nothing, his abdomen flexing, his hip flexors straining as he hovers on the agonizing precipice of orgasm. John decides to take pity on him and bends the rules just the tiniest bit, cupping his balls through the tight fabric, pressing them up against his body.
The no-nonsense young nurse breaks in, cutting him off briskly. “Doctor Watson, I’m sorry to bother you, but there’s an detective here, and he has some questions for you.”
“Yes I do. And so do you.” Sherlock turns his face to the window and speaks softly, almost to himself. “It stands to reason, then, that I have a certain kind of special regard for those who are outcasts, who struggle to survive on the very edges of society.” He leans his forehead on the glass. “There but for the grace of God,” he murmurs with a wry almost-grin. “And of course, bloody Mycroft Holmes. It doesn’t take a genius to see that I wouldn’t resent him so much if I wasn’t so hopelessly in his debt.”
“We just…” John fumbles for words; there is absolutely no way he can explain the entire Mary catastrophe in a few sentences, nor does he want to. The less said, the better. “We had differences,” he finally offers. “You know. Incompatibility. The usual.”
The pharmacy is smaller than the usual chain chemist's; it's perhaps a bit dated in appearance, paneled walls and fluorescent fixtures overhead, but the aisles are clean and well-lit, and the shelves fully stocked. John expects Sherlock to stride briskly to the dispensing counter at the back of the shop; to his surprise Sherlock chooses instead to take his time, wandering down several aisles, closely investigating product displays, bending down to investigate the merchandise on the lower shelves.
“Hey,” he says, sounding incongruously shy. He tosses the lube on the bed, uncaps the water bottle, and hands it to John, who suddenly discovers he’s very thirsty. He had been a bit too busy to notice before.
With his free hand, Sherlock gestures unmistakably for the man (just a kid, John sees up close, probably not even twenty-three) to get out of the car. The man glances briefly at John, as if questioning. John nods, tilts his head.
“Gentlemen, would you like anything? Coffee, tea?” Johnson’s reddish face is overflowing with false bonhomie, and John thought he couldn’t loathe this absolute bellend anymore but boy, was he mistaken.
Attached to the cupboard door next to the ostentatious SubZero stainless steel fridge is a wood-framed magnetic chalkboard with the admonishment to  “Live Laugh Love” written across the top in a flowy, faux-handwritten white script. The board is home to an assortment of magnets, rather in contrast with the stylish coordination of the kitchen. Each holds an assortment of receipts, photos, and various scraps of paper.
“First things first,” John said, reaching to the countertop and retrieving the glass of ice water. “Drink some of this,” he said firmly as he held the glass to Sherlock’s lips. “You’re very dehydrated.” Sherlock opened his mouth obediently and drank.
After a few blissful moments of their mouths pressing clumsily together, Sherlock makes a  belated deduction, pulls back, suddenly self-conscious. “I must taste terrible,” he says.
When John returns, lugging the heavy bags up the steps, Sherlock is out of his dressing gown, dressed sharply in his usual snug buttondown and black trousers. He sits in his usual kitchen chair as he peers into his microscope, jotting down notes into a battered notebook without even looking at the paper as he scrawls across the lined page. John is about to make a sarcastic comment about Sherlock being too preoccupied by boring bloody pollen to do the one thing asked of him when he notices the grin ghosting the edge of Sherlock’s mouth.
“Rocco,” Sherlock says, in a kinder voice that John has ever heard him use with a client. “I know you’ve suffered a loss, and I know you wish to talk about it. But you need to get to the point now.”
Later, much later,  as night turns the corner toward morning, Sherlock lies on the couch and remembers.
Sherlock nods, eyes cast down, not quite daring to look fully at John. He’s definitely blushing now, furiously so, pale cheeks burning crimson even in the dim light of the streetlamps.
John hears the creak of bedsprings, the sound of the lock being turned. Sherlock opens the door, strides past him into the kitchen.
“But is that what John Watson truly wants? Are you what he truly wants? Are you what he needs to be happy?”
“Roll onto your belly for me,” he tells Sherlock quietly, sitting back down on the bed next to him. Sherlock does so, and John drapes the cool wet flannel over the hot, bright pink skin of his rear. After a moment John moves it downward to his thighs, leaves it there a moment as he uncaps the lotion, begins to smooth it into abused skin.
Sherlock nods, beyond speech, beyond words as John rolls his hips against him, the slide and friction setting off fireworks of pleasure all along his spine, sparks zinging across his nerves. He moans, broken and guttural, gripping John’s hips as he starts to fuck himself on Sherlock’s cock in earnest.
It’s not fair, though, he thinks. It really, truly isn’t. He’s the one who got kidnapped, get snatched in broad daylight and subjected to...well, to tea with an elderly lady, which isn’t precisely the most traumatic event that ever happened to him. But still.
A heavier tread begins to ascend the steps, with a lighter but still masculine one following behind.
Sherlock tilts his head, shrugs in assent. “All right. For a minute or two. But first there’s something I need to-- hold on.” Sherlock turns away, crosses the cramped room in three long strides, fiddles with his suit jacket hanging from the hook on the back of the door. He locates his quarry, fishing a plain white envelope from the inner breast pocket. He returns to John’s bedside, toes off his shoes before slipping into the narrow bed next to John with remarkable grace.
“Of course you are,” Molly says. “I’m sorry. That was rude of me.” Her cheeks colour with embarrassment as she turns away, busies herself with setting out toast and eggs. Jim watches her, silent, for several long moments.
“John, I know you’re exhausted and I apologise in advance, but there’s one more task I need you to undertake.”
John sits back, balancing his weight on his heels as he regards the bounty, the feast that is Sherlock’s body spread out underneath him.
John gasps and thrusts up into his mouth. “You love sucking cock, don’t you? You love it, having your mouth fucked until you drool and gag. You love being on your knees for me, swallowing my come and begging for more.”
He’s still brilliant, still sharp-edged in wits and more than occasionally in tongue, but he’s also embraced the banal and ordinary and utterly human, with the wisdom that comes with time and slowly encroaching midlife.
“I don’t get it,” John muses aloud. “What do they risk coming back to Earth for? That’s unusual. What do they want from the Holmes Corporation?”
John takes a moment to go into the lounge and move the telly onto the desk for ideal viewing, then returns to the kitchen to fetch two bottles of lemonade from the fridge--John’s been down this road enough times to know almost every time Sherlock refuses a beverage he will proceed to drink all of John’s without compunction--and find a package of microwave popcorn, setting it to pop as he waits for Sherlock.
For three more days (though it seems like so much longer, it seems like a hernetically-sealed eternity) John fades in and out of awareness. He has periods of lucidity now and again, but mostly he sleeps, long stretches of morphine-laden unconsciousness, wrapped in an opiate cocoon as machinery beeps, and nurses come and go, and the sun rises and sets without notice.
Sherlock tosses the garment bag onto the bed. “I did,” he replies, and his slightly improved colour informs John that he’s telling the truth. “A turkey sandwich on wholemeal bread, with tired lettuce and a slice of underripe tomato. It was dry. But I ate it dutifully, per your request.”
Although the dampness turns into rain sometime around two a.m. and the brother never does turn up, Sherlock doesn’t even mind a bit.
He takes her into the hallway, is about to go into the kitchen to finish the washing up when he reconsiders.
No, this kind makes his ice-cold hands tremble almost uncontrollably as he taps out a message to Mycroft.
The bedroom door opens and closes. The bedside lamp clicks on. A warm rough hand cards gently through his hair.
“I remember very little. I was…” Sherlock trails off, feeling vaguely ill and ashamed at the idea of being semiconscious, helpless, unable to use his mind to save himself.
“Okay.” John takes the soiled flannel back into the loo, tosses it into the laundry hamper, then wets a fresh one with cool water and finds the tube of soothing rosemary and arnica lotion. When he enters the bedroom Sherlock has perked up a bit, eyes open though sleepy, slender fingers rubbing idly at the deep red ligature marks that circle his slim wrists.
The two of them survey the scene quietly for a minute. The breeze ruffling John’s hair is chilly and brisk, leaving the taste of salt lingering on his lips.
Today looked to be the perfect day. No corpses, no chases, no danger; just boxes of paperwork filled out in triplicate and tattered bags of poorly-preserved evidence. John is certain that barring the criminals of London getting a sudden rush of inspiration, Sherlock will be terminally restless and irritated by the end of the day.
He contemplates his future as he gazes into his glass, listening to the shower run, to Sherlock moving carefully in the bathroom as he steps into the tub, closes the curtain.
“Me, too,” he sighs against warm skin as he tightens his arms around Sherlock’s waist in response. He presses a kiss to Sherlock’s collarbone, then nestles his head against the curve of his long neck, marveling how perfectly they fit together like this, like two matched pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
, John thinks, with some measure of what feels almost like relief. Whatever the final destination may be of this twisted, convoluted path they’ve traveled--after so much waiting, it’s finally happening, come whatever may.
He feels like he wants to run through the streets of London as fast as he can. He feels like he wants to cliff-dive from five hundred feet into a pool of warm blue Caribbean water. He feels like --
“What’s wrong?” John asks, voice pitched low, aiming for soothing without being condescending. If there was a degree program in talking down Sherlock Holmes, he’d certainly have been awarded a PhD by now.
Alan shrugs. “Is it true?” he asks, and at least he has the decency to look ashamed while saying it.
John shakes his head, gives it up for lost as he settles for the universal language of bodies, his mouth finding Sherlock’s, lips and tongue conveying the feelings he cannot put into words. Sherlock moans just a bit, low in his throat; his hands find John’s shoulders, pushes him against the mattress and climbs on top of him, caging his shorter frame with his long, deceptively strong limbs. John can’t help but groan a bit, a slow-building, delicious friction growing deep in his pelvis as he cups his warm, plush arse with both hands to pull him in closer as their hips roll together.
So instead of giving in to such a ridiculous impulse, he carefully folds the slip into a small square, smoothing each folded edge with a careful, gentle stroke of his thumb.
“Atlantic City. Four this afternoon. The address James gave me, from what I could gather from the internet, appears to be an unlicensed social club in a residential area. Possibly -- probably -- the Boardwalk Angels headquarters.”
Sherlock nods dreamily, and John’s left fingers grab his nipple and twist it hard. The pain is shocking, a lightning bolt of sensation that explodes in his brain, white and lovely.
She nods, looking like she has absolutely no desire to be anywhere near this room, let alone get any closer to Alexander Johnson.
John doesn’t have a chance to answer before the nurse comes barreling into the room, clearly annoyed by their antics. She immediately launches into a (well-deserved) lecture about safety, patient transport, and the dangers of showering with an uncapped IV as she checks John over for self-inflicted damage.
John takes his hand, helps him carefully to his feet. “It was a joke, darling. Do be a love and shut up.”
“Just saying that is more than a little patronising, you realise, which undermines the entire premise of the statement.”
“You’re beautiful,” Sherlock breathes, low and quiet, and even though he’s broken the rules of their game John just smiles at him as he sits back down on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock picks up the sandwich, bites into it, chews mechanically, swallows. Repeats. “Satisfied, doctor?”
“Good morning,” he breathes against pale skin. He rocks against Sherlock’s slim hips, rewarded by the press of hard flesh against his own achingly erect cock.
“That was --” Sherlock’s breathing is still a bit uneven, but he’s recovered somewhat, enough to look down at their bodies, his expression somewhat nonplussed. “Messy. Spectacular, but very messy.”
The dark back hallway opens into a sort of break room-slash-locker room, lined with storage lockers on one end and a counter with a coffee maker and microwave on the other. At the far end, Alligator Guy is seated on a folding chair pulled up to a rather rickety-looking card table, his track jacket removed to reveal a dingy white singlet top. He’s holding an ice pack to his shoulder while a tall, slender caramel-coloured man with a blackening eye and dark curly hair stands over him, fussing over his injuries, carefully daubing a cut on the side of his Alligator Guy’s head with a wad of bloodied gauze.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John’s voice is quiet but rough, choked with desire. “Do you know what you’re doing to me right now?”
Their second round of lovemaking is slow and sweet, curled together on their sides under rumpled blankets. Sherlock kisses the back of John’s neck as he pushes into him, hot and slick inside with his seed, and the feel of it, the knowledge that John is so open and wet because of him,
John turns on the small bedside lamp, then pulls out his mobile and plugs it in on the charger on top of the dresser. He’s pulling off his jumper and jeans, leaving on his usual night wear of pants and vest, when the sound of running water stops and Sherlock emerges from the bathroom.
“My mouth has missed you,” he murmurs before closing his lips around John’s nipple and suckling, gentle at first and then harder, as the hand around John’s hip slides down, caressing his thigh before coming back up to skim the curve of his arse, the small of his back, carefully pressing John closer to him as he sucks and laves at one side, then the other.
The brothers gaze at each other for a moment, the silence between them speaking volumes. Mycroft clears his throat and and rises, straightening his cuffs before crossing the room to retrieve his heavy, camel-coloured coat from where he carefully draped it over the end of the couch.
John reaches up, strokes the edge of one perfect cheekbone with his thumb. Sherlock doesn’t flinch or pull away.
Lestrade looks at him, sympathetic but firm. “John, Sherlock went looking for this bloke. Everything we have says he went with them voluntarily. Not a kidnapping, and beyond that it’s all very circumstantial. We need a warrant.”
, John wonders to himself as he nods and does as he is told, the gun pressed into the base of his neck the entire time.
Sherlock is almost fully hard again, his cock rising stiffly away from his body. John reaches behind himself, digs in the rumpled sheets for the lube, locates it. He manages to flip the cap and pour some into his palm single-handedly, then recaps it and tosses it back onto the bed.
Sherlock moans softly into the damp curve of John’s neck as he rocks against him, cock pressing and sliding in the sticky wetness between his cheeks, tight against the place he really wants to be, a torturous tease not nearly enough for what he needs.
Sherlock turns his head towards John, tries to maintain his composure; but before he can answer, his flushed, sweaty face breaks out into a broad grin and he begins to giggle, his slender chest heaving with peals of laughter.
After their breathing calms John pulls back just a little,  presses a last chaste kiss onto one sharp cheekbone.
Now that his eyes are beginning to adapt, John can see the bouncer has a shiny bald head -- the coloured LED lights lining the bar shelves are reflected in its polished gleam -- small thick gold hoop earrings, a black turtleneck and trousers, and a professionally amicable expression.
“I don’t… No. I don’t think I would have.” John exhales, shakes his head. “It doesn’t matter. I went after her. I murdered an unarmed woman.”
Sherlock raises his hips off the mattress, muscles of his flat belly flexing, and shimmies out of his boxer briefs, tossing them over the edge of the bed. He returns his attention to John, helping him out of his pants.
Even with the help of Google Maps, it takes a few missed turns to find the entrance to the Pennsylvania Turnpike, which apparently costs money to drive. Sherlock takes the oddity in stride, plucking a ticket out of the tollbooth machine with practiced ease.
Unforgivably distracted by trivial thoughts (The distinctive scar patterns of East Asian leg-lengthening surgery on the unidentified body Molly showed him earlier), he never sees them approach; he feels the sharp sting in his neck, a moment of panicked confusion, and he’s limp and oblivious in the back of a van before he even knows what’s happening.
Sherlock’s resolve falters; he hates sleeping without John, and his back hates sleeping on the sofa all night. “Fine,” he grumbles tiredly, getting to his feet and making his way back to the bedroom, making sure not to spare John so much as a passing glance.
“It’s all right,” John murmurs soothingly, “I’ve got you.” He doesn’t stop, working slowly and carefully, incising a deep, careful curve as Sherlock focuses his considerable will to doing as he was told, endeavouring to keep himself still as tears run freely from his eyes and his breathing hitches in thick gasps.
He’s just being thorough, using the abundance of caution that has kept him from ever killing a human by mistake. But that’s not the entire truth. He knows who she is, beyond a doubt. He knows she is one of the wanted replicants, and he should have retired her by now, done and long gone. It is not uncertainty over her identity that has stayed his hand but the struggle inside his own mind, his sparring with his own tortured conscience--
“You not come here,” Shan says. Her voice is shaking but she meets Jim’s gaze, terrified yet defiant. “Illegal. You not come here!”
. Other people may think that the murder of a homeless man isn’t worth their time, but I do, Sherlock, you know I do and I will make this right. You have my word.”
“Mycroft did,” Sherlock says, and John is fairly certain he’s not imagining a trace of something like pride in his voice, in the machinations of in his clever big brother. “I only learned of his plans after the fact.”
The ten minutes ticked by as John brought him to the brink twice more. By the last time John took his hand away Sherlock was so hard his cock was almost purple and he was crying openly, breath coming in wet, gasping sobs, tears rolling unchecked from under the blindfold as he rolled his head from side to side. His body shook, his bound thighs trembling from the strain.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” says John. “You’re still healing and I come home pissed and that’s not fair.”
“There’s been reports,” continues John, “that management has been taking--ah, liberties with the artists of this establishment.”
John is asleep, deeply so. In the dim light filtering in from the streetlamps, his careworn features are smoothed by slumber, making him look decades younger. He is curled on his side, his back pressed to Sherlock’s bare chest, his ribs moving smoothly with each deep, even respiration.
Sherlock drops gracefully to his knees in front of him. His normally pale face is ashen, and John knows he’s not imagining the barest trembling of that deep Cupid’s bow.
“But I’m not sad,” John says one last time, in an oddly defiant whisper, as if daring Sherlock to contradict him.
But John is his other half, deeply and irrevocably connected to him in this profoundly strange and intimate dance, and he sees it immediately, sees the minute shift of Sherlock’s shoulders and the strangled breathing. In the next moment John is on his knees, crop tossed aside, running gentle fingertips along his shoulders.
‘All right, fine,” John sighs. “Because I’m a stubborn bastard. It’s what got me through medical school even though I wasn’t the brightest by far. It got me through a war that seemed bound and determined to kill me at every turn. It got me through losing you, when all i wanted to do was... well. It got me through. I make a decision, I stand by it. I’ve made a decision to deal with my own life on my own terms, without using you as a crutch, and I intend to see it through.”
Sherlock gives him a hundred quid. “Don’t put it all in your arm. Get yourself something decent to wear.”
The man nods, slowly, looking impressed rather than offended. “I’ve heard a lot about you, Mister Holmes. So far, what they say about you is true.”
“It’s all right,” John murmurs, then licks a broad stripe up the underside of his cock, tracing the prominent vein with his tongue, making Sherlock pant and shiver.
“That’s it, pet.” John’s voice is gentler now but no less demanding, iron wrapped in velvet as the fingers of his hand slide into the curls at the back of Sherlock’s neck, anchoring him, holding him tight. “Feel your body, your knees on the hard floor, the air on your skin. This is who you really are. Just accept it. Accept it and let it go.”
Sherlock nods. “All right,” he murmurs, and he’s beginning to sound more than just a little drunk, and very drowsy on top of that.
“Hurts, hm?” Sherlock murmurs sympathetically if a bit obviously, his eyebrows drawing together in pained concern.
“Sherlock,” John breathes, moment of warm feeling vanishing, rage spiking back upward even though he knows it’s only a minor wound. “You’re hurt.”
“You’re finally here,” Sherlock sighs impatiently, cloaking his fizzing nerves in a veneer of his old arrogance. He turns and mounts the steps, John following close behind.
“it’s fine,” Sherlock says, and fishes his own out of his pocket. He fumbles with the key a bit, fingers cold despite his gloves, and unlocks the front door.
No, he and Sherlock together sets the universe to rights, and together is the only way they’ll make it through this mess.
John looks up to find Sherlock studying his face, but his eyes are not meeting John’s; rather, he seems to be focused on John’s mouth with an intensity that John finds unnerving and arousing in equal measure.
“No,” John growls softly. “Other men can look at you all they want, they can fantasize about you, but no one else gets you like this,” he rasps. He wraps both hands in Sherlock’s hair and uses him roughly, fucking up into his mouth, thrusting hard as saliva drips down his chin and his eyes water and run. Sherlock is so close to coming from this alone, from the debasement of having his mouth roughly fucked as he ruts desperately against rough fabric, the fleeting friction just enough to inflame his maddening mindless need but not nearly enough to provide relief.
“Nothing is fair,” says Sherlock. “Life’s not fair. It’s fine.” He places John’s second shoe next to its mate on the floor. “Are you going to be sick, do you think?”
John hears himself turning his British accent up to nearly full Monty Python. He’s internally cringing but Patricia seems absolutely enraptured, moving closer.
Sherlock does as John says and takes one deep breath, then another. John holds him, not moving, just surrounding him and keeping him safe.
John swallows the last bit of his Orangina and smiles. “I take it she approves of my being back here.”
“It’s obvious,” Sherlock begins, and then he realises in that moment how much he has grown and changed over the past six years, because--“Me bringing it out in the open, taking it from you, it isn’t right, is it?" He shakes his head. "No. This is something you should share with me freely, of your own volition. I won’t force it out of you. You’ve never shared much about your life before the Army. I’ve never asked. And I won’t take it from you.” Sherlock stands, backs a step away, puts distance between himself and John. “But it’s not fair, you know.”
These thoughts pour themselves into the whirlpool of this mind, and before he can catch himself, he shakes his head reflexively.
Sherlock breaks the kiss, mouthing the edge of his jaw, smearing messy kisses against his neck, breath hot against his skin.“Yes,” he gasps. “Do it. Please, I want to feel you against me.”
And when Sherlock steps out of the bathroom a few minutes later, damp, clean-shaven and clad in only underwear, John suddenly sees that the truth is really, ridiculously,
“Well, if this is my dream, I think I would very much like it to end with you coming to bed and sleeping next to me. It’s four a.m., you’re exhausted, and you just polished off 300 milliliters of what I’m hoping, despite the smell, isn’t actually surgical spirit. You need to sleep, and in a proper bed.”
Sophie gives a put-upon sigh and hands Sherlock a separate set of papers. “Prescriptions for antibiotics, pain medication, anxiolytics, and stool softeners. Care instructions for incisions. Signs of infection you should look out for. I need you to take this seriously, Mister Holmes. Your partner is taking a very risky gamble.”
John makes a noise that’s half-chuckle, half-groan as he pulls out and rolls off of Sherlock, curling onto his side next to him. Sherlock winces a bit; he is definitely going to be feeling this for at least a day, possibly two.
“It’s still there,” John says, and he sounds so sad it hurts Sherlock’s heart. He tugs gently on John’s hair, pulls him up, kisses him.
Sherlock doesn’t want to do any of those things. What he wants to do is tear off his clothes and jump directly on top of his husband, now, immediately.
It’s early in the evening of the third day when Doctor Sheldon gives the order to step down John’s maximum morphine dosage on the PCA. John knows it is the correct call, and from a professional perspective he agrees -- but nonetheless he tosses and turns throughout that night, grappling with disjointed dreams and the increased awareness of the gnawing, burning discomfort in his abdomen and side. Sherlock holds his hand, steadfast, murmuring soft words of reassurance. Sometime before dawn, John finally falls into a deeper, healing sleep, broken far too soon when before breakfast the nurse bustles into the room, a six foot slab of ginger haired man dressed in bright teal scrubs.
“Please, John,” Sherlock begged in broken, strangled gasps. “Please let me come, I’ve been so good, I need it, I need it,
vulnerable, and the reason he never allowed himself to love before is because the terrible price of love is loss, and he found that cost too steep to bear.
After, they sit in their armchairs before a blazing fire, absolutely stuffed full of food and drowsy. John stretches out his sock feet, almost touching Sherlock’s chair with his toes.
The afternoon slowly dissolves into evening as the questions continue. Sherlock shows no sign of flagging; John, however, feels exhausted, drained, wrung out and hung to dry.
He covers his face with his hands instinctively as he cries, utterly silent, as he has done all his life, as a child in a council estate bedroom with paper-thin walls, as an overwhelmed and exhausted Army doctor who watched too many teenagers in men’s uniforms die pointless gruesome deaths, as a grown man in a dusty, empty sitting room grieving for the dead best friend he had secretly loved.
John carefully taking his hand away from Sherlock’s neck. He decides not to make mention of it directly or apologise; instead he turns away to make their tea, with perhaps more attention than hot water and PG Tips really need. He adds a splash of milk to each, three heaping spoonfuls of sugar to one, then mashes the teabags with a spoon against the rim of the mug before tossing them in the bin.
Sherlock returns not ten minutes later, cool spring air and cigareete smoke still clinging to his clothing. He has an unfamiliar, new-looking garment bag slung over his left shoulder.
"Honestly, John, if I wanted a companion that chattered incessant stupid nonsense I would have bought a parrot, so for the last time, will you do the entire room a favour and
John feels small and pathetic and alone, but he doesn’t cry; it’s another pointless, Pyrrhic victory in the ongoing war he’s waging against his own heart.
He hunkers down into the shadows of the archway. The windblown sheets of newsprint piled against the wall are dryish, protected against the evening’s driving rain. Seb gathers some to cover himself against the damp creeping chill, settles himself against the wall, and waits.
John does the same, with identical results. The sweet fizz of the cola barely blunts the searing burn of resoundingly cheap alcohol as it carves a path down his throat into his belly.
“Nine weeks,” John breathes out, the rage in him white hot and vicious. He could kill Mycroft right now without batting an eyelash. “Nine weeks. You
Sherlock looks up several minutes later to an empty room. He had been so lost in thought he hadn’t even noticed when his brother left.
The rejection washes over Sherlock, a wave of ugly black ice. Now he can’t breathe at all, he can’t inhale, he can’t find the oxygen needed to form words. He rises, carefully, to his feet. He feels like he wants to yell or rant or break something but he can’t, he can’t, everything inside him is frozen to the very core.
John carefully infiltrates the lidocaine inside the border of the laceration. It’s extremely uncomfortable (that is to say, it fucking hurts) to stick a sharp needle into raw flesh, and the angles are a bit awkward; it’s not his best injecting work ever but it’s adequate, the anaesthesia takes hold quickly and as the wound begins to numb, the relief is more than worth the repeated bite of the needle.
“Well, to get this job,” John says. “Were you asked to do anything lewd or unsavoury or, um, otherwise repulsive to your person?”
After the nurse is gone, Sherlock puts down the days-old newspaper he’d been halfheartedly pretending to read. He gives John an appraising look.
“But it does,” John says, almost too softly to hear, and Sherlock doesn’t know how to answer that so he doesn’t.
At that moment a loud muffled crash from the front of the building disturbs the quiet of the office. Several voices are heard shouting angrily, followed by a series of heavy thuds.
John pushes himself up to his knees, tugs off his tee shirt, leans over the end of the bed and pulls the comforter up over both of them. He reaches out and turns off the light then slides back down under the duvet. Sherlock’s long, warm arm curls around him, pulls him close.
“Of course you did,” John replies, unsurprised. He folds the sheet of paper back into thirds, returns it to the envelope.
“It is,” he murmurs, his left hand coming up to cradle John’s jaw as he dips his head down and kisses him.
Sherlock is completely uninjured, and beyond that he isn’t even alarmed. In fact, he seems…rather delighted. He looks at John with a pleased expression.
“Will you…” Sherlock dips his head, looks at the sand, rather than at John. “Will you think drastically less of me if I tell you I don’t know?”
“You’re doing so well,” he says with tender approval. “I’m so proud of you.” He kisses the dip of his lower back, licks away the drop of sweat pooled there. “You look so fucking beautiful right now, with your gorgeous arse all marked and red.” He pinches the swell of his left cheek, hard, making Sherlock gasp. “Does it hurt?”
John raises his head in silent inquiry as he trails inquisitive fingers along the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, tracing the crease of his groin. Sherlock moans softly, pushing his hips up in unmistakable invitation.
Sheldon glares at both of them, throws up his hands, and stomps out of the room without another word.
“What’s wrong,” John repeats flatly. He looks at the ground, shakes his head. He smiles, but it’s his dangerous smile, the one that comes right before someone gets punched.
John gasps into the comforter at the first wet swipe of Sherlock’s tongue against his entrance, settling into a long string of soft animal moans as Sherlock gently coaxes the tight puckered flesh to relax, cajoling with gentle swirls and teasing with short catlike licks. He tastes wonderful, soap and clean sweat and the muskiness of sleep-warm flesh, and Sherlock is gentle yet relentless, working him open, nudging his pointed tongue past his tight rim as John writhes and cries out in pleasure.
It’s a visceral sense of rightness that has eluded him his entire life, a feeling of wholeness that defies any logical explanation.
John lands three more hard blows in quick succession before making a strangled noise, tossing the belt aside and climbing up onto the bed on his knees. He pulls the sodden leash from Sherlock’s mouth, wipes saliva and snot and tears aside, pressing kissed to his hair, his cheek, his wet lips.
No time for ruminations. He needs to find Sherlock, and quickly. He pushes himself up to standing and looks around.
“I adapt and move on,” Sherlock says. “I always have. Grief and regret are unavoidable in the moment, I suppose, but self-pity is utterly pointless long-term.”
“And there’s no way out but through,” John murmurs to the wallpaper in the stairwell. “So might as well get on with it.”
“Aw jeez, I am so sorry,” the man says, voice contrite. And he’s just a boy, really, John sees now, maybe not even out of his teens, bright eyed and courteous and concerned.
“I stopped a bank robbery,” Sherlock protests. “I did a good thing, I helped people, and for that you’re angry with me?”
For his part, Sherlock merely glowers at the RN with unalloyed (and likely undeserved) suspicion. John is fairly certain that’s been his default expression the entire time he’s been in hospital. Glenn, however, is clearly a professional, cheerfully ignoring Sherlock’s glare and focusing his attention on John. “Let’s see how you’re doing, shall we?”
John is the first to stir. He shifts, groans a bit as he pulls out of Sherlock’s limp still body. Sherlock lays quiet and unresponsive as John unbuckles the collar, kisses the curve of his shoulder. “Sherlock? You okay, love?”
"0345. The street number, backward. Just as it appears when you look up at the numbers on the back door.” Sherlock huffs a chuckle, amusement mixed with irritation, as he hands John a small torch. “They're basically asking to be burglarised."
Something in Maria’s eyes shifts, almost softening into something like pity. “You want to think I’m broken, that I’m defective, but maybe I’m not the one who’s wired wrong. Look at you, Sherlock. You wanted nothing as much as you wanted to be just like me. You wanted to climb over people and never give a damn and yet you could never quite pull it off. Because you
Sherlock is waiting for him by the back door; the two of them let themselves out and return to the car. Sherlock wastes no time in starting the engine, peeling out of the parking spot before John even has his seatbelt on.
“Takes one to know one,” Sherlock replies, “and believe me, I know one. Look at yourself, Adam. You’re waving a gun around in a room with your wife and a newborn. You are making very,
“I need you to talk to me, love,” John says. “You’ve been remote ever since you came home, and I was okay with giving you some space, and then out of nowhere you pull out your collar and want to jump into that without a word of explanation and I don’t understand what’s going on. I love you, Sherlock, but I’m not psychic and I need you to communicate with me.”
In the old days, Sherlock would have glanced at his phone briefly, made a face and then let Greg’s first call go directly to voicemail. If it’s anything above a four, he will call back between two and four more times, and if it’s above a six he will arrive at Baker Street in person within the hour.
“The headmaster was a shouty sort, liked gin, having an affair with the school nurse. The hitting part itself? Not terribly painful. Mostly humiliating.” Sherlock’s lips twitch into a wry grin. “I know where you’re going with this, and while yes, we both know I have a bit of a...  thing, I would like to think think the roots of my proclivities are a bit more complex and subtle than the banalities of British schoolboy perversions.”
he thinks, the burst of relief washing over him in a wave, as a soothing undertow pulls him ever closer to unconsciousness.
“I don’t like being alone, Jim.” On the other end of the call, Sebastian’s guileless hazel eyes look near tears. “I miss you.”
“All right, love. If you say so.” John feels Sherlock stiffen just the tiniest bit. “Is that not all right?” he asks. “If you don’t like endearments, that’s fine. I won’t--”
Before he can do anything, however, he catches a flash of movement out of the corner of his right eye, and he feels the sharp burn of a needle sinking into the meat of his trapezoid.
Next to his bed a petite, roundish nurse is standing her ground, hands on ample hips, curly tendrils escaping her tight ponytail as she looks up at Sherlock with a truly impressive unflappability.
“John,” Sherlock says, and the way his voice cradles his name, caresses it, makes John’s heart pound in his chest.
“If that were the case,” Sherlock murmurs acidly, “One would think you would be more talented in trying to find mine.”
This narrative, while not particularly explicit or pornographic in any detail is very, very difficult and potentially triggering. It contains intense discussions of the emotional aftermath of rape and abuse.
“It’s alright,” John breathes, soft and fond. “I’m glad I didn’t miss this.” He moves his hand away from Sherlock’s cock to his hip, pulling him close and very deliberately grinding his arse back against his hard length. “We could do it like this, if you want.”
“Owns a furniture store in Wilkes-Barre. Sells sofas and dining sets out the front. Does a lot more interesting work out of the back, if you catch my meaning.” he puts his phone away. “He does a lot of… subcontracting, I guess you’d say. Collecting debts, settling scores. If Maria Zimya is back in town, I’d wager he knows something about it.”
He’s been quiet for several moments, lost in thought. Sherlock looks over at him, concerned. ”I hope I haven’t been presumptuous?”
“Iloveyoutoo,” Sherlock mumbles, almost too low to hear, and John finds it absolutely fitting that they would exchange those words for the first time (absent imminent death) in this sort of scenario.
He remains resolutely silent. He won’t give them the pleasure. He suspects they’re still hurting him just to see if they can make him cry out.
John opens his mouth, though he doesn’t know if it’s to protest or laugh. Sherlock cuts his eyes at him, sharply. John gets the message and stays silent.
He turns back to the pharmacist with a small, inscrutable smile on his face and John knows, with the same burst of that awed pride he always feels, that the man is in it up to his neck -- and best of all, doesn’t even realise it yet.
Though it verges on ridiculous to still feel this rush of tingling heat at watching Sherlock in motion, after all these years, John honestly doubts he’ll ever stop noticing. He’ll still be blatantly eyeing up Sherlock’s lovely frame well into their senior years, if he has any say in the matter.
Sherlock shifts down a bit, nibbles gently at the swell of his buttock. “We haven’t done it this way in quite a while,” he says, and uses long fingers to gently part his cheeks, exposing his most private place. “I need to make sure you’re absolutely relaxed and ready for me.”
The rope was hemp, natural, dyed black, rough looking but soft to the touch, specially ordered. John was skilled in all manner of knots from his years as both a doctor and a soldier, and it had only taken a few YouTube videos to master several basic techniques.
The torture of feeling Sherlock’s soft, hot mouth through a layer of material is terrible and exquisite, and John is torn between never wanting it to end and the desperate need for Sherlock to take mercy on him and touch his bare cock.
Sherlock turns and gives John a look, a raised eyebrow of skepticism tinged with something unsure in it, some rippling undercurrent of self-doubt.
Sherlock is true to his word; every thirty minutes he phones John and mumbles “I’m a sodding idiot.” Most times he rings off immediately; once or twice they converse briefly, Sherlock assuring John he’s safe and on the trail of valuable information.
It takes him less than three minutes to work the back door open. Immediately the alarm system begins to chime in warning, the LED over the keypad next to the door flashing red.
This moment seems to stretch out forever, a golden drop of something wonderful suspended outside of the horror surrounding them, outside of time itself. John is in his arms, alive and real and warm, so very warm--
“Finished?” Sherlock calls, and John startles a bit. He’s definitely starting to space out. Time to get off his feet.
The hardest part of this new understanding, though, is this: Sherlock's fear of losing John is his weight to carry, and no matter how much John loves him he cannot bear it for him, in the exact same way Sherlock cannot take on the weight of John’s remorse and grief over killing the mother of his child.
The aftershocks are still singing through his nerves as John’s thrusts grow frantic, his breathing ragged. “Sherlock,” he moans, deep and broken. “
“Katie Kravitz accepted my -- well, your -- friend request.” He swipes across the screen with his thumb. “This is outstanding. I have full access to her private posts, and she’s the sort that posts almost every single thing she does.”
. It’s beyond useless, in fact, it’s actively detrimental and does nothing to help Sherlock, nothing it all. John knows this, he does, so he pushes it down, slows his breathing and empties his mind, allows the fury to flow around and past him, doesn’t allow the rage to burn him up.
He hears her hesitate, clearly aware that she’s inadvertently caught him in a private and vulnerable moment. Then he hears the soft papery sound of tissues pulled from the box, and she gently nudges his shoulder with her hand holding the Kleenex.
John clucks in sympathy. “That pain perception is back now, huh? Poor baby.” He slides off the bed. “I’ll get you a cool cloth and some lotion. A couple of ibuprofen. Do you want ice?”
"There is free beer in front of me," says John, a bit of steel in his tone, “and it is fresh and delicious, and you had better believe I am drinking it. Sit your arse back down and let me finish.”
He whimpers brokenly when John pulls off his cock with a wet slurp, kisses the soft skin just inside the crest of his pelvis.
Everyone on his caregiving team is, to put it simply, aghast. Even Doctor Sheldon comes down from Intensive Care to try and change John’s mind.
And Sherlock does, weaving fingers in silver blond hair and bringing John’s lips to his own. As they wait for their food the two of them end up snogging on the sofa like the world’s oldest teenagers, wet sloppy desperate kissing and hands sliding under clothes, aching to touch naked flesh. Sherlock had never really seen the appeal of this kind of thing before, in fact found the concept utterly immature and more than mildly repellent, but as John moans his name while they grind fully clothed against each other he can’t help but find the whole enterprise completely, spectacularly brilliant.
“I’m not certain.” And he’s not, not completely. But he does suspect, and he knows how much it will upset John.
“Lay your head right here, pet,” he says kindly. Sherlock does as he is told, and a small sigh escapes him when John’s fingers begin to card softly through his hair, short nails scratching gently against his sensitive scalp.
“Because of Doctor Quentin Pemberton, noted phrenology professor of the late nineteenth century. His accomplishments included…” Sherlock grasps for something that sounds plausible, but orgasm and alcohol have slowed his racing brain to a crawl, and he feels open and relaxed in a way he can’t recall ever feeling before, so he shrugs mentally and gives it up for lost. “I’m making shit up,” he admits, shaking his head. He reaches for the bottle of wine behind them on the floor, raises his head up to take a long swallow. He offers the bottle to John, who declines with a shake of his head. He puts the wine back down, grabs a pillow, shoves it under his head as he curls himself back around John. “I make a lot of shit up.”
The door of their flat thumps shut behind them. John slides the deadbolt home, and for some reason the rasp and click of it is loud in Sherlock’s ears.
To his surprise, Sherlock laughs, a rich, warm, genuine sound. “I must admit, Doctor Watson. Your focus on routine tasks keeps me remarkably grounded.”
He thinks about shaving, decides to keep the stubble. It seems to fit with the life they’re leading now.
John exhales, the hitching noise dangerously close to a sob. “I wanted,” he says, low and rough. “I wanted so many things.”
here, in adoration of this beautiful man -- but Sherlock seems restless, almost in distress, his shivers turning to full body shudders, his breathing gone harsh and ragged.
(It was a single, selfless act in Seb’s short, unkind life, and if he had the emotional vocabulary for it, he would have said that woman, long since dead, was the closest thing to a mother he had ever known.)
In fact, he feels worse, because he knows that he very definitely betrayed Sherlock’s trust, even if it was in the service of the greater good.
“Oh, so fucking beautiful,” John rasps, “you’re so fucking beautiful when you come, you feel so good on my cock, God, I love fucking you, I’m gonna come in you so hard, fill you up so full, I’m gonna breed you, make you
He unbuttons his cuffs, takes off his shirt, sits on the ruined mattress in jeans and vest and examines the cut. It’s really barely more than a scratch on the inside of his forearm, just north of his wrist, a little over two inches long. He must have slashed himself with the knife while shredding Mary’s things. He never even felt it.
John’s fingers tighten as he jerks roughly at his cock, pulling hard at the tip the way he likes, as his other hand twists in his hair, holding his head upright. “Come for me, then,” John growls.  “Watch yourself come for me, you filthy whore.”
“I can’t…” He trails off, scrubs a hand over tired eyes, begins again. “If she was my biological child, maybe I would. But as it stands, I need to be out of this nightmare. And--” he takes another sip of tea to moisten his parched mouth. “No matter what Mary’s done, I can’t take her child from her. I just can’t do that.”
He can tell Sherlock is looking at him sideways, can feel his concern, but Sherlock doesn’t say anything aloud and for that John is grateful.
Sherlock rubs his shoulder until the retches become hiccuping dry heaves, then gently steers him to the parked car with a large hand gentle at the small of his back. He unlocks the passenger side door, guides John into the seat before closing the door and rounding to the driver’s side. Once in the car, Sherlock silently hands him a half-empty water bottle.
“He was at least twenty-two,” Sherlock protests, and to his credit, as he’s saying it he realizes that it’s the absolute, wrongest, stupidest possible thing to say.
“God, John,” Sherlock says, his voice catching, the cool calculating tone slipping away as emotion wells up, takes over. “You don’t know how much I wish you had never found out. I didn’t know I would--I thought I could box it up, bury it all forever, at the bottom of the deepest pit, never think of it again. And I
In front of the building, Sherlock pats the pockets of his jeans and jacket. “Damn,” he says conversationally, surprising John with a shift into a American accent, inflected with a bit of a Southern drawl. It sounds completely, shockingly natural. “Must have left them in the room.” He turns and approaches a young kid standing nearby. He’s maybe nineteen, earbuds firmly in place, messenger bag slung over his shoulder, burning cigarette between his fingers.
Sherlock is lying on the other bed, wearing only his jeans, curled tightly in a foetal position with his back to John. His naked shoulders tremble with each ragged breath.
“Not very far. Johnson’s office is in Allentown, about seventy miles north of here. Less than two hours if the traffic’s not dreadful. We leave here by late afternoon, we can deal with him in the morning.”
(Because he can’t stop himself from thinking about the fact that it happens every day, doesn’t it, all the babies that die, and the dogs, too, and the grandmothers, all the beloved beings that die every single day and every one of them belongs to someone’s John, don’t they, and suddenly he sees it, sees it all, and this is why caring is such a devastating liability, because for a brief searing moment every cell in his body hurts--)
He’s thinner than John has ever seen him, more so than even two nights earlier. One meal of fried cheese and wings is barely a dent in weeks of poor food and worse sleep; his wiry slenderness, usually overlaid with muscle gained through a careful (though circumspect) regimen of pushups and crunches and planks, is slowly giving way to undeniable frailty. His stomach is concave, his hipbones sharp ridges, his ribs prominent enough to count.
“Halfway there, now,” John murmured. He turned toward the nightstand, picked up his phone, and set the timer for ten minutes. Setting his phone back down, he opened the bottle of lube and poured a generous dollop into his hand.
“That would be a huge help,” the nurse offers. He’s warm and supportive, but he manages to tamp down his relentless cheeriness to a level slightly more appropriate for a discussion about an indwelling catheter removal, and John is grateful for it.
John knows him well (too well, one could argue) and is no longer easily blustered past with sarcasm.
As the waves crest and recede the pair cling to each other, gasping and shivering with aftershocks of pleasure.
John’s voice is low and a bit hoarse, but the underlying tone of command is unyielding. Sherlock almost sighs in relief.
“Of course. I can’t imagine you would waste one extra second on a corpse you’re disposing of under city contract,” murmurs Sherlock dispassionately.
Adam does not put the gun down. “Who are you to come here and tell me how to behave?” he yells. “You are nobody. You are no one. You have no right to come in here, into my home--”
“I’m not a tease,” Sherlock purrs, kissing the juncture of John’s neck and shoulder, betraying his own words by bringing his hand in between John’s legs, cupping and rolling his bollocks gently. "I have
Occasionally Sherlock goes out for a bit, to Bart’s or to Speedy’s or just for a walk to places unknown. He doesn’t always tell John where he’s going, but he is careful to always let John know when to expect him home.
Sherlock nods. “Yes,” he answers, just as simply, and finds John’s mouth again with his own to answer the question more emphatically.
He sees now that he hasn’t been angry with Sherlock about the past; he has somehow been angry this whole time over a presumed future betrayal, protecting his patched-together heart against a hurt that has not yet happened.
John turns in a slow circle, surveys the room one more time; to his less-observant eye, there’s not much else in here to see, but he’s only the first pass, a filter to catch the most obvious. It's a certainty Sherlock will see clues John’s failed to observe, something in how the dirty plates are stacked in the sink perhaps.
in order to track down Sherlock and Mary. Almost on impulse he pulls his mobile out of his jacket pocket and looks at the dark silent screen. The iPhone was purchased at a strip mall somewhere in northern New Jersey not quite two weeks ago, and while John has used it to text and scour the web for information in the days since, he yet to use it even once for an actual, old-fashioned telephone call.
Sherlock slides off John’s body, gracefully landing on his knees on the floor, between John’s spread legs. Fascinated, John raises himself up on his elbows, watches as Sherlock unties his shoes, takes them off his feet with the precise care reserved for his most delicate experiments. He comes back up to unbuckle John’s belt, then dips his head, presses a kiss to the bit of soft jiggly flesh below his navel before unbuttoning his jeans with nimble fingers.
His head clears rapidly. The dose of the drug was enough to knock him out convincingly, but light enough to recede quickly, and in another moment he fully recalls the details of the plan. His feet are bound tightly, but the rope around his wrists is loose, easy to wriggle free. The butt of his gun is still pressed reassuringly into the small of his back.
But right now John’s alone in the flat, with no one there to think out loud to. Well, no one except--
“Your hands,” he says, light fingertips moving in gentle circles on the swell of Sherlock’s left buttock.
Sherlock grips the base of his shaft and presses hard, just barely manages to stave off his climax. His balls ache and throb with the denial of release, and a choked whimper escapes his lips.
“Lie down,” Sherlock directs him. John complies, folding his hands over his abdomen as he stares, unblinking, at the ceiling. Sherlock rises to toe off his own lace-up oxfords, shrugging out of his suit jacket and hanging it up carefully in the open armoire before going over to the other side of the bed and stretching out carefully, still fully dressed and on top of the striped coverlet.
“You wouldn’t have come if I’d asked you,” the Chief says, a wheedling note edging into his tone. He gestures at the chair in front of his desk. “Sit down, mate.”
Even with the red fog of lust enveloping his brain, John can see now why Sherlock is proving so damn good at this, at fucking, by viewing the physical mechanics of sex, of how their bodies work together, as a both a skill to learn and a puzzle to solve. He’s so bloody good at this already and he’s going to be absolutely brilliant in no time at all, just like he’s brilliant at everything he puts his genius mind to, and John is absolutely blessed, the luckiest bloke in the world to get to hold him and touch him and have him--
Sherlock snorts delicately. “That’s putting it mildly. Delighted, ecstatic, over the moon. She--” he seems to reconsider his words, then shrugs. “I don’t think she much cared for Mary.”
“I’m not angry, okay?” he says, although he is, God he is, he’s been angry for so many years he doesn’t even know how not to be angry anymore. “I mean, I’m not angry specifically at you. I just need... I just need to think about what I want to do next, okay?”
Keeping the gun trained on Jack, John edges across the small room and peers through the translucent material.
A lifetime later John caps the scalpel and tosses it into the plastic bag, pulling off the soiled gloves as blood runs freely down Sherlock’s chest. “It’s all done now, love, shh,” he murmurs as he drops the bag into the leather satchel and shoves it carelessly off the bed. He reaches up to Sherlock’s face, wipes away his tears with the pads of his thumbs. “It’s over now, shh, don’t cry.” He murmurs gentle words of comfort as he covers Sherlock’s eyelids, his cheeks, his lips in small soft kisses. His lips trace the edge of his jaw, down the long column of his throat. He dips his head and places a reverent kiss to his sternum, just to the right of the lines cut into his flesh, then moves lower, tracing his tongue down to Sherlock’s navel and back up again, then pulling back to look again at his handiwork, at the crimson streams flowing across milk-white skin.
It’s nestled in the foothills of a low, green mountain range to the north, and John immediately notices it’s much hillier than Philadelphia. Curving streets climb and drop, making his stomach give the occasional queasy lurch despite the scopolamine patch still tucked behind his ear.
John squeezes hard at the base of the shaft and exhales, staving off his incipient orgasm; after a few moments he releases his tight grip and his cock bobs upward, impertinent, the head bumping against the slight swell of his lower belly. He slides his hand downwards, caressing the inside of his own thigh, fingers tracing the crease of his groin then sliding between his legs and cupping and kneading his bollocks. The sensation of heavy tugging pleasure makes him whimper once, involuntarily, low in his throat.
Between Sue Perkins’ cheery, lilting voice and the fuzzy edge of the Tramadol kicking in, John finds he’s actually relaxing, halfway to falling asleep on Sherlock’s warm and only slightly bony shoulder before it even occurs to him to wonder about what tomorrow will bring.
Sherlock looks up from his elegant repose on the sofa. “It’s snowing?” he murmurs with mild surprise, craning his neck to look out the window. Sure enough, the grey afternoon outside the sitting room window is filled with icy swirling flakes.
, Sherlock suddenly realizes. He thinks of vulnerability and pressure points and the enormous price of love.
He flicks off the light over the bathroom sink and returns to the bedroom, crossing the room on bare feet to slip into bed beside Sherlock's warm frame.
He’s just building up a lovely head of righteous indignation when Sherlock returns, set of old-fashioned hotel keys in hand. He opens the door and settles back into the driver’s seat, putting the car into gear and pulling around to the back of the building. He kills the ignition, gets out of the car, opens the trunk and pulls out their bags.
It’s so glorious neither one of them hear Mrs Hudson’s tread on the stairway, or the way she first politely coughs at their open kitchen door, then raps her knuckles on the frame.
John knows it’s unwise to reveal himself, but he’s certain he could take these blokes in a heartbeat. He makes a decision, steps through the doorway.
“I need to say something,” he says, all in a rush, as if he has to get the words out before he loses his nerve. “I’ve been thinking about it for a while, and I need to say something.”
She’s standing to his right, less than ten feet away at four o'clock position, just inside the edge of his peripheral vision.
“Good boy,” John murmurs approvingly. “Move over a bit.” Sherlock obeys, and John arranges himself on the bed, his back against the headboard, legs stretched out in front of him. He pats his thigh.
He’s getting agitated, his breathing rasping and harsh; the beeping of the heart monitor grows faster, more frantic. Sherlock leans forward, brows drawing together in concern.
“That’s fine,” Sherlock says mildly.  “The victim won’t be any less deceased if we get there twenty minutes later than planned.”
“What I want,” John says softly against Sherlock’s mouth, “is to get you naked, get you on your back, and watch your face as I ride on your cock.” He kisses him again, presses his palm against the aching hardness in his trousers, and strokes, making Sherlock gasp and press his groin into the touch. “Think you can manage that, beautiful?”
The first bullet hits Irene square in the back; the second tears apart her right shoulder, bright red blossoming inside the transparent vinyl of the raincoat. She’s still running, kinetic motion propelling her blindly across the street, not even slowing as she careens full-tilt into a glass-fronted shop display, pinwheeling through the shattering panes, collapsing on the other side of the neon-lit pedestrian walkway in a bloody, broken heap.
John turns the page of his paper and doesn’t acknowledge Sherlock’s presence as he pads on bare feet to the side of John’s chair. He is hard already, anxiety and anticipation spiking his arousal as he sinks to his knees besides John’s chair and waits.
“Harry and I don’t get on, it’s true. And yes, too much working and too much drinking caused the split; it’s a shame, Charles is a lovely chap.”
Sherlock can’t stop the whimper, just one, a noise that sounds almost like a sob, but he doesn’t dare move. He knows that if he moves, if he flexes his hips, if he asks for it before John thinks he should, John may very well decide to deny him what he needs so desperately. He will do whatever John wishes, so he wills his traitorous, needy body into obedient stillness.
Grabbing his jacket, sad thoughts of dinner forgotten, John already feels more like himself than he has since Christmas Day.
“John, darling?” Mary calls up the steps. “I’m going out for a bit. Beth asked me to come over for coffee.”
John hates to wake him, but needs must. He places a hand on the warm firm muscle of his thigh, shakes him gently.
And for the briefest of seconds John thinks Sherlock looks tempted, but the moment passes and his the cold, distant mask snaps back into place.
John can’t resist pressing his luck; turns he stabs his index finger in Alligator Guy’s general direction. “Told you not to eat my fucking eclair,” he says, hearing the the smug, condescending message in his own tone.
He opens his eyes to find Sherlock gazing down, mesmerised, at John’s fist pumping his own cock, root to tip and back down again. His reddened lips are parted slightly, his breath coming in short shallow gasps.
“You’re a small shop. You still have a manual recordkeeping system, not converted to electronic and internet-enabled, like the chains. There’s a doctor in Philadelphia, I think. Perhaps two. Doctors who are very...liberal with the prescription pad, and they’re funneling their patients to you, to a pharmacy who fills in the logbooks by hand and doesn’t ask too many questions. Doubtless you’re filling falsified scrips as well, selling the pills at street value and pocketing the profits. I would wager, in fact, that the pills sold two blocks away on the street corner came from your inventory.” Sherlock’s voice goes hard and sharp as honed steel. “You’ve kept your family shop nice and clean, at the cost of dumping even more illicit drugs on the streets, just that many more straws straining the back of this tragic little city. Quite a bargain you’ve struck with the devil, there. Tell me, how do you sleep at night? Not well, I reckon."
Atherton sits stiffly upright in his chair, his veined, rough-looking hands folded neatly in his lap. John hands a mug to the gentleman, who accepts it with a small nod.
“It’s my fault, isn’t it?” John says, his voice dark and ragged. “You thought you were above this before you met me. I did this to you. I dragged you down, made you dirty, made you want this.” John’s working himself in earnest now, long firm pulls from base to tip, his breathing gone deep and uneven. “Now you think about it all the time, don’t you? You can’t stop thinking about how good it feels, how much you want to be fucked. The no sex rule. It’s not about me. It’s about you, because you can’t stop how much you want it all the time.”
'What the hell is going on?" John says, deliberately sounding more drowsy and disoriented then he feels.
Sherlock is overcome by the desire to touch John’s silver hair. His fingertips rise almost involuntarily to brush the silky strands.
He looks at the kitchen, at the cheery curtains and neatly folded tea towels and the ceramic salt and pepper set shaped like cows. Mary picked them out, of course. She also picked the tablecloth and the spice rack and the starburst clock and suddenly John hates it all, hates every single thing in this fucking house, hates the house itself down to the very foundation.
John knows he should feel self-conscious about getting into Sherlock’s bed in nothing but pants; this should be some kind of momentous, life altering moment, but he is frankly too tired and emotionally wiped by the events of the past eight hours to fully process it. He folds back the coverlet (wondering briefly, as he has many times before, how the man who leaves used tea mugs and mountains of paper all over the flat can also be the sort to make his bed every day; or if, rather, he just almost never sleeps in here at all) and slides into the cool embrace of ridiculously smooth, soft sage-coloured sheets.
“Can I come in?” she asks, her tone cold and clipped, brushing past him and into the cramped sitting room.
They kiss and touch each other for what feels like hours, slow and tender, learning each other, content to stay here in this moment and revel in this simple, newly permitted intimacy. Their bodies press against each other as their hands roam over new, uncharted terrain; both of them stay mostly hard, but the moment of hot urgency has passed, and they are content to leisurely rub and push against each other fully clothed, secure in knowing that there is no need to rush past this moment, that finally, at last, they have all the time in the world.
“He died alone and cold,” Sherlock says, low and serious. “And none of your people cared enough to find out what happened to him.”
He raises his head from the water, gropes blindly for a towel. As he wipes the water from his eyes, he senses Sherlock’s nearness, and looks up to find him hovering uncertainly in the bathroom doorway. He’s in his shirtsleeves, coat and jacket gone. His carefully styled hair is deconstructed, tousled into damp ringlets from the rain.
John kisses him again, a bruising crash of lips and teeth as one hand fumbles blindly for the lube. “I’m going to fuck you into oblivion,” he rasps harshly into Sherlock’s ear. “I’m going to fuck you so hard you’ll feel me inside you for a week. I’m going to tear you apart and then I’m going to make you come so hard you’ll go blind.” Sherlock arches up against him in wordless entreaty, and John reaches underneath him and tugs roughly on the plug. Sherlock moans in a spasm of confused pain and pleasure as the smooth warmed rubber is unceremoniously pulled free from his body, leaving him gaping and empty and desperate to be filled.
Sherlock goes utterly still; for a moment the two of them are frozen, suspended somewhere outside of time, and then Sherlock turns his body to John’s, dipping his head; their open mouths are drawn to each other, seeking each other, not yet touching but close, so close, sharing air with each ragged breath.
“Please don’t worry,” John says, making the effort to gentle his tone. “I assume the alarm system in this place is beyond state of the art?”
After, they lay still and quiet for a remarkably long time, a tangle of arms and legs, unmoving except for their heaving ribs, silent save for their ragged, hitching breath.
(If it even made the news at all. John can’t quite decide which is worse, if it was splashed all over the news, reducing it all to cartoon-like lucidity, or if it was quietly buried, made to go away. Would that make him feel like it never happened, like it never
“So do you,” John replies, equally hoarse, throat itchy and dry from an overload of emotion. “So we’re going to
“Mister Holmes?” a feminine voice murmurs. Her posh, cultured accent is warming and comforting, wrapping around John like a cashmere blanket, Hobnobs and tea next to a roaring fire on a rainy London evening.
The sky behind them is still clear, though, except for a few wisps of thin clouds scudding low across the horizon. The pale peach and pink beams of sunrise illuminate the landscape from the east, the skyscrapers of the city proper rising in the distance as they cross the bridge over the Delaware River, returning to Philadelphia.
In fact, he’s probably one of a bare handful of people who can tell Mycroft Holmes to go fuck himself and live to see another day.
“There’s...not a box of dead spiders in the drawer by the stove,” Sherlock replies, making it clear by his inflection that yes, said box undoubtedly exists.
“How fortunate for me you’ve realized your true calling as an agony aunt,” he snaps, but it lacks any real bite. “How, then, do you suggest we do that?”
Sherlock turns the car around the end of the lane, parking on the same side as the house, along the edge of the road where it meets the driveway.
(He’s not alone. When he exists in this place, John will always be here with him, and he’s not alone. Just that knowledge is almost enough to make him weep with gratitude for the man standing in front of him.)
