“What?!” Steve says, more than a little louder than he’d been talking a second ago, and Tony somehow manages to resist the urge to kiss him for it.
“I know you do, baby,” Tony says, and then laughs when he catches sight of their cat wriggling and pulling at the leash. “So does Cat.”
“There, there,” he coos, ruffling the blond’s hair. “You’re so easy, but okay, I’m done. Now go find me a damn shirt.”
“I always knew you’d make it,” he hears Steve say, voice firm and unwavering, and so proud, it almost brings tears to his eyes.
Tony shakes his head. “I’m not taking over your shift so you can go bang your firefighter boyfriend.”
“Let me?” he asks, and Tony’s helpless to deny him, so he stands there while Steve runs large, familiar fingers through his hair, and tries not to notice how easy it’d be to just reach up and kiss the smile off Steve’s lips.
It's no different from the way he looks any other day, and why would he, when it’s Steve, who sits on their bed to sketch at least half an hour every night? Who hums cheesy 80's songs because they're catchy, because he knows how much they make Tony laugh? Steve, who wears Stark Industries attire proudly, even after the team had a good day’s laugh at his expense the first time he did it? Steve, who’s managed to sneak his way into Tony’s heart and light a fire that Tony knows he won’t ever be able to live without anymore.
Steve shuffles where he stands, and feels his heart skip a beat when Tony giggles at the faint jingling of the bells attached to his bright green shoes.
The sight of an all too familiar back, broad shoulders covered in dark blue uniform and rubble, almost makes his heart stop.
“Then you better get in there and get some answers,” Coulson jerks his head at the window, just as the door to the other room opens and Agent Melinda May steps in.
“That’s... you’re good at it,” Steve finally says, amusement clear in his voice even as his cheeks flush the prettiest shade of pink. “I’m usually okay with my Math, but lately, it’s um.... it’s getting a little-- well, not a little, it’s a lot more confusing. Today sure helped, though.”
“The hell is this?” Bucky asks, stepping into the kitchen with slow, measured steps at the sight before him, and holds his hands up in front of him before he even realizes he’s doing it.
“Sweet, Winghead,” Tony smirks up at him, “but with the way you sleep, God knows I need every inch of bed money can buy.”
, it’s New Year’s Eve! Can’t you two keep it in your pants for more than an hour?” Clint groans. “I can’t even enjoy my eggnog anymore...”
“Uh huh,” Steve says, blue eyes somber and serious at first, until they soften when he turns to face Tony. “I wanna Iron Man like Tony’s Cap!”
“Like hell,” Tony shakes his head. “Takes two to tango, Rogers. And really, Pep, can anyone blame me for wanting to get tied to
“So… if there’s even the smallest fucking chance I get any of that with you, you bet your sweet ass I’m gonna fight for it. Cuz you’re stuck with me, hon. And uh… maybe I can get stuck with you, too.”
"I… forgot to turn the oven off back home,” she says slowly, thankfully managing to avoid shifting in her seat as she ignores Clint and James’ confused stares, and meets Tony’s eyes intently. "My brownies…”
; I get to have a home to come back to, Tony. To my friends, my team… my family. To you. I know I don’t tell you as often as I should, but I’m so happy here. And everything I lost, all those years I was under... it was all worth it. I’d do it again, in a heartbeat.”
Steve nods, and pulls him in by the shoulder. “I may be Captain America, but Steve Rogers is definitely an Iron Man kind of fella.”
Steve nods. "I’m just... tired,” he says, running a hand over his freshly-showered hair as he stretches out along the couch. He closes his eyes in what can only be contentment, and Tony takes advantage of it, his own eyes flying over every inch of his Captain’s body. He doesn’t realize he’s timed the rise and fall of Steve’s chest with his own, until the blond peeks open an eye and turns it to him.
“Now where’s Steve?” Tony asks, because Pepper’s one of his best friends but she’s not the person he’s almost been jumping out of his bed to see.
” someone crows, obnoxiously loud in the comfortable silence that’d been there only a moment before. “
“What?” Tony shrugs, ignoring the way Pepper smiles apologetically at the people around them. “Pep, you can’t be– this is– I mean, seriously,” he leans in closer, “what the fuck is it supposed to be?”
But then one night, Steve wakes to the sound of Tony’s sleepy mutterings, and at first, he thinks it’s the same old thing. Until he hears Tony say
Steve rolls his eyes even as he blushes, but his fingers are warm when he intertwines them with Tony’s. “Ready to do this?” he asks.
“You always do, Miss Potts,” Steve’s smile is all charms. “I should definitely head on out now, though. The sooner we go, the sooner we can get back.” He shakes her hand, and turns back to Tony. “Be good, okay?”
His skin, when Tony touches it, is no less warm than before, and he rearranges the blankets around the blond with a tiny frown. “I’ve got you. Go back to sleep...”
“You know exactly what they ‘get up to over there’,” Pepper says, rolling her eyes even as she stands from her desk and picks up her purse from her coatrack. The files on her table, not for the first time that day, suddenly don’t seem as compelling as they’d been before.
“Yep,” their daughter nods, lips quirked up into that same crooked smile Tony gets to see everyday, gets to
It takes Tony an embarrassingly long amount of time to realize who the voice he's just heard belongs to, but once he does, it takes everything in him not to scramble out from underneath the top half of his Iron Man suit. Instead, he takes a breath to try to calm the sudden pounding of his heart. "What, did you want me to be waiting at the door?"
lights up Tony’s blood, and he brings up a hand to cup the back of Steve’s neck as he kisses back. The swipe of their lips against each other is soft and tender, better than anything Tony’s ever imagined.
It's not the kind of kiss Steve's expecting, because things had been building up to something hot and heavy, and more than a little dirty.
” he says now, his lips barely moving as he runs a hand over the crib’s edge. “Don’t see why your Papa’s so convinced it’ll all turn out dandy. I’m…”
“--’n then I wen’ up t’him, an’...” he narrows his eyes as his lips thin into a menacing line. “He--”
“I know there’s a princess here who’s crazy for some yummy orange slices, right?” he coos, brushing baby soft hair away from her eyes as he settles down beside them. “And you get to spend all day in bed with Daddy and Papa, doll baby. Lucky you!”
“I’m testy all the time, cupcake,” Tony mumbles, and then holds his breath as he carefully settles his friend on the bed. Steve checks over the rest of the slumbering bundles– fixing hoodies and rearranging outstretched limbs– before stepping back.
“Babe, it’s not like you’re gonna do anything else today,” Tony points out. “You’re sure as hell not leaving this room.”
“Again?” Steve smirks. “I’m still tryin’ to catch my breath from last night,” he says, and feels Tony’s laughter rumble through them both.
Steve bites his lip, and then squares his ridiculously gorgeous shoulders. “Let me take you out, and I’ll prove you wrong.”
“Oh, look, there go your genes,” Steve says, and Tony doesn’t think anyone could miss the awe in his voice.
Steve just grabs the note and checks both boxes with the pencil he’s holding. Then, he sticks the note on Tony’s forehead.
“You betcha, Shellhead,” Steve replies, and as the three of them walk the quiet, dewy path through Central Park, Tony finds he doesn’t mind the thought at all.
“Thanks,” Steve mutters, but there’s a smile on his face when they make it halfway to the other side without another incident. “I think I’m gettin’ the hang of this.”
“Wanna say hi to Auntie Pepper, baby?” Steve asks, grinning when their daughter reaches out to grip his finger.
Tony narrows his eyes even he feels his heart melt a little at the adorable furrow in the blond’s brow as he devotes Captain America levels of concentration to winning the race. “Didn’t think you’d get so serious about MarioKart, Cap.”
At the graduation party Mrs. Rogers holds after the ceremony, Tony pulls her aside while everyone’s distracted, with every intention of bringing up the trip. But then he actually tries talking to her, and all he can manage is mumbles and stutters because how is he supposed to ask her when he can take her son away to travel the world with him?
“Okay,” Steve nods, and Tony only has time to catch the giddy grin on his face before strong arms pull him in and then he’s tasting it himself. He doesn’t hesitate to throw his arms around Steve’s neck and pull him closer, and he’s pretty sure they’re both crying-- there’s the telltale taste of salt in their kisses now-- but damn it, if it doesn’t feel like every moment in Tony’s life has been leading up to this.
“Now if you don’t mind,” Peggy continues, “there’s a blonde that’s been eyeing me since I came in here, and she’s cute as a button.” She leaves with a wink and a wave before either of them can reply.
, Steve,” Tony sighs. “Just... look, just let me deal with all the shit, and you can use all that money you earned to buy whatever you want.”
“No, Pep-- Pepper Pot,” Tony pleads. “Nat’s off to SHIELD with Thing One and Thing Two, Bruce is still in Frankfurt, you gotta help me, Pep, I can’t--” he takes a breath, and looks over his shoulder to where Steve is still sitting. “I don’t know how to do this.”
“You know it’s not the end of the world if we lose, right? I can buy a billion restaurants– buying the gang lunch for losing isn’t even a drop in the bucket, stud muffin.”
"No, you're right, wasting time," he says, and then grabs Steve by the wrist and gives the archer a jaunty salute.
Tony barely keeps from stumbling as he gets off the bike with a swing of his leg. “You’re a menace,” he growls, heart thundering in his chest. “There was no way that was legal.”
“It’s a start,” Tony says. The dog tags feel like a brand on his skin, and he wonders what they’ll feel like against his chest. Against the heavy beating of a heart he lost to the man sitting in front of him.
The man stares expectantly for a couple of seconds, and then lets out a soft, happy laugh. “Well, what is it?”
“It was slow,” Tony knows it sounds like a whine. “They’re gonna be here in a couple of minutes, and we don’t have shit.”
, Tony wants to tell him. But he smothers the urge to wrap his arms around the blond, to kiss him until they’re both breathless, and reaches out to brush his fingers against Steve’s instead. “Back atcha, Cap.”
Tony somehow manages to control the urge to start screaming about how she got her hands on a suit like his, and instead takes the chair at the other end of the table. “I’d ask how you know who we are,” he says, “but since you stole my suit–”
Tony turns at the sound of Steve’s voice, and feels his breath hitch when he finds the blond suddenly sitting right there next to him. “Should’ve bought you a bell, you menace,” he says.
“Don't be jealous, Tony. You can have your turn, too,” he says, the blush on his cheeks just as gorgeous as ever. Tony's noticed them more and more with every line and innuendo they've traded-- and they've done it enough for Tony to know that Steve is, at the very least, attracted to him. But he's careful not to take it further, because somewhere along the way, losing Steve's friendship has become non-negotiable, and Tony will do a lot to keep it that way.
Steve barely has time to look up from his sketchbook before something small and dark hits his chest, and he’s about to ask Tony what’s the matter when he looks down and realizes what he’s just been hit with.
Steve, chest pressed up against Tony's back, just tucks his chin on the juncture of Tony's neck and shoulder. "Hey, it wasn't that bad, was if?"
“Just one more,” Steve sighs, and goes back into the kitchen with an indulgent smile aimed their way.
Tony can’t help the disbelieving laugh that climbs out of him, and almost looks away again when it comes out a little like a sob.
Every once in a while, she remembers telling Loki that love is for children, and even though some small, hidden part of her still believes it, she can’t help but be glad that it’s not completely true.
Steve pulls him into the space between his legs, wrapping his arms around Stark's waist, and Bucky sees him struggling immediately.
“You could say that,” he mutters, then gently picks up Ellie to move some space over. “Sorry, you were probably sitting here, huh? Just--”
“I need you to not say anything,” Tony rasps. He’s no longer cold, but every part of him still feels numb from a grief he knows he’ll never be rid of. “I’ve heard it all, by now.”
“Are you happy?” The words are out before he can catch them and bury them back in his chest, but he doesn’t regret saying them because goddamnit, he has to know.
, Tony’s head sighs, and he pushes himself away from the table, walks over to Steve’s side, and plops down on his lap. “Love you too, baby,” he leans down to whisper against Steve’s lips, before pressing their mouths together in a brief, chaste kiss. “Now stop looking at me like that, will you?”
The final bell goes off before anyone can say anything else, and Steve says his goodbyes as both children run inside, and then he’s alone in the waning crowd with the old man. “Steve Rogers, nice to meet you,” he says, sticking out his hand again.
“Nat’ll kill you when she finds out you called her a bastard,” Tony points out, checking over his weapon one last time.
That smile Tony loves is back in full force, as beautiful as the first time, and if he never looked at anything else, it still wouldn’t be enough. “I just want it to be perfect,” the words come out before he can bury them, deep down where the rest of things he’ll only ever say to the boy beside him are hidden.
“And if he were here now,” Steve continues, “ I’d tell him that you’re my best friend, and the best part of my day. I’d tell him that not a day goes by where I don’t thank God for having you in my life, and that there are times– more than I could ever count– when I think
in an empty, ruined building. “Stop, red light. That topic’s-- that’s off limits. Just get to the point.”
“Maybe you’re not around when I do,” Steve mumbles, looking adorably shy even as he squares his shoulders.
“Zip it, Buck,” Steve says, rolling his eyes when Barnes stumbles over to him as soon as the cell door is opened. “If Ma could see you now--”
,” he croaks, hands clenched at his side to keep them from brushing the tears in his eyes. He won’t let them fall.
Tony manages to hold back a groan of pleasure. “Can we, y’know...” he waggles his eyebrows, and feels his heart skip a beat when Steve giggles.
go,” Tony gives him a smile, and they both know there isn’t an ounce of genuine happiness in it. “Go get ready– big day tomorrow.”
There’s a gentle smile on Bruce’s face as he runs curious fingers down the side of the little green Hulk. “I didn’t even know they had these.”
September passes without a hitch, then October, and that’s when Bucky announces one day during dinner that, "me ‘n Pep wanna have matchin’ costumes for Hall’ween, Steeb."
“If I don’t mind,” he scoffs, and grabs Steve’s coat to kiss his cheek before Steve can do anything else. “There’s more where that came from if you’re good.”
“It won’t-- it won’t be... easy,” Tony tells him. He can barely believe what he’s just heard, but he’s always been too selfish with the things that he loves.
“If only America could hear you now,” Tony mutters, but as he settles down more comfortably between the two people he loves most in the world, he knows there’s nothing else he’d rather be doing.
“So I’ve been freezing my ass off for nothing?” Steve whispers into Tony’s hair later, when they’re finally snuggled up on the sofa the way Tony’s been dreaming about for weeks.
Through the dim, murky swamp Tony feels like he’s under, that low, panicked voice is the only thing he can make sense of.
Now, Steve’s never met Tony Stark, but in the three weeks since he first called the station to insult Steve’s choice of songs– and after the fourth time in one week that Tony called in during Golden Oldies hour, this time to complain about how anyone could ever willingly listen to Artie Shaw, Steve was pretty convinced he was doing it on purpose– he’s thought, more than once, to ask if they could.
“So what if I like them, okay?” Steve looks so pleased, he’s almost smug, and Tony doesn’t hesitate to throw another popcorn at him, rolling his eyes when Steve catches it easily with his mouth. “Don’t let Barton pick their spot-- he’ll probably hide ‘em in the back.”
Steve rolls his eyes, but climbs off and holds out a hand. “Bossy,” he tuts. “Just for that, I’m takin’ half.”
“Gonna make me say it again, huh?” Tony shuffles his feet, hands tapping his chest and the side of his thigh, like he can’t stand still for a single moment. “Fine… only because you’re so damn pretty–”
“Yeah, no, I do. Just... seemed like something you’d do, I don’t know,” Tony shrugs, picking up Clint’s garishly purple card, and then he huffs out a quick laugh. “Jesus Christ, did you even read these?”
“Sure. You’re tiny, anyway,” Steve smirks. His eyes are already closed, and he looks so comfortable in the empty space of their new living room that Tony forces his body to relax as he wriggles in to join him.
“Can you... can you stay?” Steve asks. He looks younger than ever, and Tony doesn’t bother pretending to think about it.
“Hey,” Steve whispers back. His hand finds Tony’s before he even realizes it, and with baited breath, he moves back down to lie beside the brunet. “Tony, hey. Look at me?”
“You’re being devious,” Tony tells him a few minutes later, his voice low but amused amid the happy chewing and clattering of plastic spoons against pasta-filled bowls. “And you’re not usually devious,
“Come on, then,” he reaches for Steve’s wrist-- it’s as warm as he remembers-- and pulls him to the elevators. His other hand still holds the teddy bear to his chest, and he brings it up to his face, smiling into the soft fur. “Hey Steve?”
“I don’t know that I could ever do anything to deserve the honor of getting to wake up next to you, of getting to work and fight and laugh with you. Because honey, you are the most amazing human being I’m ever gonna know. And you have no idea how much better you make me, Tony. In every way.
“Can we help you?” Tony suddenly hears, and the new voice-- low and rough and wrong because it’s not
“You’re ridiculous,” he mutters, feeling his own cheeks grow warm. “You don’t have to-- honey, it’s fine.”
Rhodey leans back into his seat with a grin, all thoughts of schoolwork clearly forgotten now. "That you have feelings for Steve?"
Tony can’t help chuckling, even as his face grows hot at the concern he hears from the blond. “Hey, Cap, hey, take a breather. It’s fine, it’s all good.”
Tony shakes his head, and when he looks up, Steve pretends he can’t see how his eyes are just the slightest bit wet. “Dinner on me?”
So he grins and breathes through the pangs of longing and the bittersweet moments that come with being friends with the man Tony's pretty sure he's been falling in love with for months. And for the most part, it's manageable.
, let me tell you, baby,” he swallows around the lump in his throat, “I could live a thousand lives, and never do enough in any of them to deserve even a tenth of what you’ve given me.
Steve’s smile is pure sunshine, and with Annie still squirming in his arms, Tony feels warmer than he has in a long, long time.
Tony nods down at him. “I believe you, point break. Loving your extravagant use of glitter, by the way.”
“Uh huh, sure you can’t,” he replies, and to his surprise, feels his eyes already growing heavy. “You’re doing this on purpose.”
“God, you’re such a fucking meatball.” Tony breathes, face buried in Steve’s shoulder to hide the tears, but the opening notes of a new song echo around the room before either of them can say anything else.
“I do!” Wilson calls out from across the room, tangled Christmas lights all around him. “Better safe than sorry though, pal, so I’m with everyone on this.”
Bucky rolls his eyes. “You’re so fucking gone, Jesus. But y’know what? I’m not gonna sit here and take any more of this, I’m goin’ over there–”
“O-kay,” he gasps, when they finally pull away. “That... Yeah, I’m-- I’m up now. Jesus... Merry Christmas to me.”
“Sh–shit,” Tony pants. “Oh god, that’s…” His words get lost as he doubles over in laughter again, and Steve can’t even find it in himself to be bothered by it. “You’re gonna make the best fucking Elf that mall’s ever seen.”
“Not today, I’m not,” Steve says, and Tony only has time to recognize the mischievous quirk of his lips before warm, muscular arms pull him down into Steve’s chest. “Hey!”
“You better not be getting cold feet about this,” he teases, but Steve’s shaking his head before Tony’s even finished speaking.
“Howard told me I’d make a shitty dad once– I told him it takes one to know one. Sometimes I think he’s right.”
“But you don’t...You don’t-- god, can you imagine what they’ll-- I’m only using up the first bench, Jesus Christ--”
“You’ve got five seconds to tell me who you are,” the guy replies, “before I call the cops. They’re on my speed dial, and I can make sure you’re still here by the time they are.”
“You take good care of my boy,” she says, and it feels like an order but goddamn it, he’s more happy to follow it.
Tony puts it off as a one time thing, but it’s not even a whole day before he finds another-- this one, stuck to his bathroom mirror.
“Look, I’m just– ugh, I should’ve started out with this first,” she says, looking back up to meet his eyes. “And I know it’s gonna sound ridiculous, but it’s the truth and I
“Call me that again and my hand might just slip later on,” Steve says, as he sits down on the stool in front of Tony and picks up the ink needle.
“Tony--” The sound of footsteps follows Tony as he runs down the hall toward the elevator, faster and heavier.
“Nothin’,” Steve says, as soft as the gleam in his eyes, and with his hair ruffled and tousled from sleep, he looks younger than Tony’s ever seen. “Just wanted to spend time with ya.”
Steve’s sure as hell kissing him back now, hot and hard and a little dirty, and so much better than Tony ever imagined. Then Steve licks his way into Tony’s mouth, and oh wow,
“I think I hear footsteps, man. Fury’s gonna fucking murder us, holy shit,” Bucky says, but the grin plastered on his face matches Steve’s own as they watch their friend continue.
, alright,” Tony purrs, relishing in the surge of victory when Steve visibly shivers even as he rolls his eyes. “Who knew you’d look so good in my things, huh? Jesus Christ...”
He’s calm, and kind-- they start running into each other more after Steve gets settled in, and regardless of the time, he always take a minute to chat-- and the more Tony gets to know him, the more he picks up on some of the things that make Steve pretty fucking awesome.
“Depends on whether you share whatever you’ve got there,” Tony tells him, even as pulls back the covers in invitation. “Pass it over, big guy.”
fucking body in front of Tony’s. His shoulders bristle reflexively at the tone, but then Pepper’s runs her hand through his unruly, unwashed hair.
“Tony says his paintings look like crap,” she giggles, and the old man-- maybe he’s this Tony, or her dad?-- clears his throat.
“And don’t you forget it, Agent. Now can you get me outta these things please?” She jiggles the cuffs again, sighing in relief when Coulson obeys, and then hugs the briefcase to her chest. “So, last time this happened–”
Tony blinks, his cheeks flushing the most charming shade of pink Steve’s seen, and buries his head in Steve’s shoulder. “You fight dirty, Captain.”
“You do, don’t you?” And oh, now there are tears in those eyes he loves so much. “You think– you really can’t imagine why I’d have a problem with someone saying all those horrible things about you?”
“Did I, like, say something without thinking again? I apologized in advance, y’know, and I probably didn’t mean it– scratch that, I definitely didn’t mean it, whatever it was.”
Tony grins so hard his cheeks hurt, and revels in the shiver of anticipation when the opening whistle blows.
“Toast,” she shakes her head, and Steve winks at her when Tony stuffs a slice into his mouth. “Happy?” he asks, after swallowing a bite.
Through the faint, crackling music coming from the phonograph across the room, Tony feels Steve’s words brush his skin like soft kisses, and even though he pulls back to meet the blond’s eyes, neither of them stop swaying to the slow, familiar tune. “Hmm?” is the only sound he makes, already breathless at the way Steve’s eyes gleam from the Christmas lights hung all over.
“Doesn’t feel like enough,” Steve shakes his head. “Really, Tony. This is…” he looks around the room, and Tony follows his gaze, taking in the expertly decorated WWII Era decorations, the lighting and the smoky haze that’s transformed the entire floor into a time capsule to the 1940′s. “This is amazing.”
Tony jumps to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck. “Thanks, gumdrop! Oh god, okay, y’know what, let’s go get one now, I’ll look everything up on the way--”
Steve pulls away, and stops trying to wake Tony up. He almost falls off the bed in his haste to leave the room, a bitter lump at the back of his throat that doesn’t leave him for the rest of the night.
, oh god. He’s lost track of how long they’ve been at it, but look at all the fucks he doesn’t give about that.
“Only if you want to, obviously,” Steve says shyly, fiddling with his ridiculously big fingers, and Tony buries the urge to reach out and intertwine them with his own. “I know my Ma would love to have ya.”
“You’re crazy,” Steve says again, those gorgeous baby blues warm and happy as they settle back on Tony.
“Oooooh,” Tony purrs, kissing Steve’s neck as he rocks his hips into the body beneath his. “Feeling kinky too, are we?”
"So that's why I've been awfully busy these past few weeks," Steve laughs. "I thought I'd suddenly become Mr. Popular or something, the way I couldn't get a day to myself."
“So. Do. I,” Tony replies, pressing a kiss to Steve’s jaw after every word. “Now let me sleep, wouldja? I have class in four hours.”
“Well yeah, that tends to happen when something almost cracks it open,” Tony says, and can’t resist reaching out with his free hand to brush his fingers against the butterfly bandage on Steve’s temple. “God, there is no way you should look this good with a gash on your head.”
Now, if you were stuck on a deserted island, and you could only take three things with you, what would they be?
Tony takes a long, long moment to take in the blond’s comfortingly fresh scent, before pulling away. “What’re you doing here, Cap?”
“Let’s go,” Steve says, walking determinedly towards the entrance, and Tony lets out a chortle at the sight of their teammates following obediently behind him like baby ducklings. It’s almost ridiculous, how warm it makes him feel.
“I should throw ya over my shoulder, goddamn you,” Steve growls, words as rough as the hands holding cradling Tony’s are gentle.
Tony’s laughter is loud and bright, and the most beautiful thing Steve’s heard in a long time. “Cute, smart, and sassy to boot. You can’t possibly be real.”
Tony decides this might be the perfect time to open his eyes and ask what the hell is going on, but when finally gathers all the strength to open his mouth, all he can let out is a whimpering groan.
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were the head honcho, the way he completely ignored everything else.”
He has no idea how long it lasts, but they both pull away with gasps that echo around them. “You know I love you, right?”
Even Blondie himself, and wow, Tony’s suddenly finding it hard to breathe-- whoever gave him eyes that blue, Tony wants to thank them for the rest of his life.
“But I’m right?” This time, the words are soft and low, earnest in a way only Steve can manage, and Tony feels his chest grow even warmer.
Rhodey rolls his eyes, but doesn’t pull away from the grip Tony has on his wrist as he drags them to the pet shop across the street. “What if she’s allergic?”
“We’ve never seen it live,” Steve points out. He looks so cute, cheeks flushed from the cold, blond hair hidden beneath a frankly ridiculous Iron Man beanie, that Tony can’t even summon a glare at his friend--
“You shouldn’t have to,” Steve points out, cursing the way his voice shakes ever so slightly. “And I… I wouldn’t blame you if– if you’re regretting… this.”
“And you’re mine,” Steve whispers when he pulls away, words as soft as the press of his lips had been against Tony’s. “You know that, right? I love you so much.”
“I know you can,” Steve says, and leans in to taste the smile on his husband’s lips. It’s soft and light, but full of endless promise, and neither of them pull away until both of them are breathless.
Steve looks up at him through his lashes, and when he starts fiddling with his fingers, Tony knows things are gonna turn serious. “Tony?”
“You couldn’t pry it off my cold, dead hands,” Tony replies, pulling back. “This is mine-- forever.”
Even the guests– and there are more of them than Tony’d expected, but Steve’s never had a shortage of friends, no surprise– look like they’ve stepped right out of all those war reels Tony’d seen when he was a kid. It’s as perfect as he’d wanted Steve’s birthday to be. “‘Course it is,” he says, with more aplomb than he feels. “All my parties are.”
“Shut up and help me get him to bed, Jesus Christ,” Tony mutters, opening his eyes to send a weak, sleepy glare at the blond. “I should make you deal with all of ‘em tomorrow.”
“Oh my god, you’re so dramatic when you’re sick,” Steve mutters, but leaves the room with a kiss to the brunet’s forehead.
Tony almost stumbles into Steve when Clint barrels into them at the library during free period. “What the fuck--”
“I like the sound of that,” Tony purrs. “Being pressed up against this all day,” he runs his hands along Steve’s chest and stomach. “Just you and me– minus the clothing, of course. It’s so inconvenient. And lucky for us,” he mumbles against Steve’s jaw. “This is a private island.”
“Even more impressive, babydoll. Now... here we go, watch--” he pulls the phone up to their eye level, and starts tapping at the keyboard. “‘Sweet dreams, NYC. See you in the morning.’ Hashtag ‘goodnight moon’.”
“Gahh!” She says loudly, and Tony barely hears Pepper laughing as he pulls away slightly to look at his daughter. The weight is chest still aches– perhaps even more so, because of how much she reminds him of Steve– but he can’t but marvel at every single thing he sees; the wispy curls framing her cherubic little face, the gummy grin she’s giving him, even the baby blue socks covering her wiggling feet– it’s like he’s suddenly seeing her for the first time, and he feels faint, whisper-soft tendrils of warmth begin to bloom in his chest.
“Sure thing, big guy,” Tony says. “How does Thursday sound, at seven? We can meet here and then see where the night takes us?”
The lift stops with a jolt, and Tony doesn’t even wait for the doors to open fully before he’s squeezing past them and all but sprinting into the living room, and the quiet hum of conversation he’d been following stops all together when he walks inside.
“Yeah, this is just... well, it’s damn cute, is what,” Sam grins, and punches Steve’s shoulder playfully.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, and Tony buries his head on the blond’s shoulder to muffle the sob that leaves his mouth. “I’m sorry, Tony, god, I’m so s–”
The woman looks at him with what Tony can only describe as pure, unadulterated adoration, before chuckling in amusement. “Sorry to disappoint ya, but this is all our fault. We have way too much free time.”
“No,” Tony shakes his head, and god, just the sound of Steve’s name is almost enough to send him running again.
“Yeah, okay that’s it. No take backs,” Rhodeys says; Tony doesn’t need to look at him to know he’s grinning.
“Big gallon is too big for tiny hands,” Tony says. “So just sit back and let everyone else do the work, you lucky ducks.”
“Oh, fuck that,” Tony says, plopping down leisurely on the bed. “If you think I’m leaving you today--”
“I went and got an idiot for a best friend,” he laughs, wetly and more than a little breathless as he finally meets Tony’s warm, brown eyes.
“Yes, dear,” Steve sighs exaggeratedly, and Tony wraps his arms around the blond’s neck as they giggle like idiots.
Tony’s shaking his head before he can stop himself. “I think I’ll take a rain check, Ty.” The words are almost desperate, and he’s past caring. “Not interested in hangovers right now.”
,” Steve winks, and pulls Tony close before he can stop him. “C’mon, Tony-- I’ll keep ya warm, I promise.”
“Can I kiss you again?” Steve asks, and he sounds so hopeful that Tony’s heart starts beating even faster.
,” Steve rasps, eyes  suddenly burning with grief and anger, but so much love, he wonders how his heart hasn’t burst from it.
“Want coffee,” Tony mumbles, and Pepper can’t hold back the laugh when he nuzzles Steve’s chest again.
Tony’s shaking his head before Steve’s even finished, and he covers his eyes to hide the tears he’s finally willing to cry. “No, don’t fucking say that–”
“Language,” Steve hisses, and regrets it immediately at the heartbreaking whimper coming from his arms. “Come on, baby, Daddy’s here, let’s get you in bed, alright?”
Peter looks over at Mr. Rogers from the corner of his eye-- when Tony does the same, he sees the blond trying and failing to hide a smile-- and then pats Tony’s shoulders. “Mr. Steeb likes Cap’n America too!”
“Thanks for the help,” Tony grumbles, even as he makes grabby hands at both. “What the f–” Wilson clears his throat, “
Tony takes in a second to revel in the utter happiness on Steve’s face, before dropping his head onto a warm, firm, cashmere-covered shoulder. “Thank you.”
“‘m sorry, Tony,” Steve says, looking up at him through those baby blues Tony’s been in love with for years, and honestly, it’s embarrassing how easily he just folds.
Tony sees the familiar bulk of his best friend stumble to the front of the cell. "In the flesh, buddy."
"Tony," Steve sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose, and he's still hunched at the edge of the bed.
“We’ve got some urgent Avengers business,” Steve finishes, already pulling at Tony’s free hand even though the people around them have barely started nodding. “I’ll bring him back, I promise.”
“Oh god, that was so bad,” Tony says, breathless from laughter and the deliciously wicked gleam in those baby blues above him. “Jesus, that’s– seriously, babe, don’t ever say that again.”
“But I don’t...” Tony swings open cabinets when they get to the kitchen. “We gotta find some food first, tater tot.”
,” Tony mutters, taking in the loud, uncontrollable laughter that has Steve doubled over, the wide blue of Barnes’ eyes as he nods frantically, and the low, incoherent mumbles leaving Rhodey’s lips. “Steve--”
“Uh huh,” Peter nods, tongue peeking out the corner of his mouth as he stuffs his tiny feet into his tiny, red Converse. Tony doesn’t bother helping, because even at four, his son’s determined to do as much on his own as he can. “Daddy?”
,” Tony replies, as casual as the movement of his shoulders as he shrugs and picks up a piping bag-- this one with red frosting-- and Steve is surprised at how painful the thought of Tony being alone is.
“They’re...” Tony waves in the direction of the couch, where all of their Iron Man-clad teammates munch on their pizza slices, and almost laughs when he spots a glop of tomato sauce on the top of Barton’s hood. “I feel like a cult leader.”
“…. Okay, yeah, you’re right,” Tony nods. “I’d much rather be holding this,” he jostles their daughter softly, soothing her when she whines into his neck. “Sorry,
“A mission is a mission,” Steve says, and then turns to give Tony a grin. “Plus, I’ve got a little present for ya.”
Pepper and Rhodey are the first to step forward, concern evident in the furrow of their brow, but he gives them what he hopes is an comforting smile, even though every bone in his body is screaming at him to run away again.
Steve wraps his arms around him, pulling him back in until their foreheads touch. “I love you so damn much,” he says again, his voice trembling with so much emotion, it brings Tony to tears all over again.
Tony just keeps smiling, and tries to ignore the nerves fluttering in his stomach like butterflies as he walks up to the bedroom doors and knocks. “Hey, uh... You can come on out here, big guy.”
Sam chokes on air, while Pepper’s phone falls from her hands and onto the bed as she lifts her hands to stifle her gasping laughs.
“Just ask me now!” Steve yells from across the room, and Tony almost trips over his own feet as he stumbles to a halt.
’ is all he says, and by the time he spreads himself out on his cold, rumpled sheets, the phone lights up with a new message.
Natasha can count, on one hand, the times Steve and Tony have been the last to arrive to a debrief. She doubts the others make anything of it, considering the tiny crowd gathered around Clint and James as they arm wrestle across the table.
The sound of Steve’s voice-- echoing throughout the room in a way he can’t ever remember it doing-- has Tony looking away from the glass walls showing the dark, glowing New York Skyline, and down at the half filled tumbler in his hand.
“And.. the rooms are kinda small. The tub can barely fit the both of us, and the kitchen counter’s about as long as my leg–”
Steve's pretty sure he's still blushing something fierce, but he tries not to let any more of his arousal show. "Alright," he whispers, and Tony turns half lidded eyes back up to him.
“Hi there,” he hears, the words faint from the sudden rush of blood pounding in his ears as the most beautiful man he’s ever seen crouches down and gently shakes hands with Peter, lips quirked up into a bright smile to match his bright blue eyes. “Who might you be?”
“Oh my god, yes,” Tony sits up. “Get a large order, and a couple of pizzas. And a plate of those meatballs you’re, like, fucking in love with, for some reason. And some eggplant parm for Pep. And like, five orders of breadsticks, because god knows Thor and you and Barnes will each take one for yourselves.”
The second was emptiness. Not like there was something missing in his life or soul, but a literal physical emptiness. Bucky had been inside of him for two and a half amazing, exhausting hours, yet somehow... “It's not enough,” he realized aloud.
“Sergeant Barnes, Mr. Stark requests that you join him in his laboratory.” FRIDAY guided Bucky to the lab.
Steve looked up at him abruptly from his seat between Tony and Bucky. He had not been expecting such an about-face in the last 24 hours. He seemed hopeful.
Tony looked at Steve, then just behind him at Bucky, then back at Steve. He smiled knowingly. “Feel better?” he asked.
“Nah, Steve, we should respect their wishes.” Sam addressed the Soldiers directly. “Can you guys come back a week from Friday? We gotta submit an official request to save the lives of these
Bucky looked at his bracelet and mentally kicked himself for drawing attention to it. “Wanda called them 'friendship bracelets.'”
Tony shook his head. He stuffed the sexcapades photo in his pocket and handed the rest of the stack to Rhodey to give back to the reporter. “Look, I appreciate the concern. Domestic violence is a serious problem and should be called out. I just have two comments on the matter.
Bucky was immediately stressed out. “I knew this would happen. Everything HYDRA put inside me is still there. All anyone has to do is say the goddamn words. What does he want with me?”
, remember?” He continued to shout to be heard as he gestured to the politicians and bureaucrats in the room. “They don't want us to 'interfere' without authorization.”
Steve was embarrassed again. He went back to staring at nothing. He sat there, practically catatonic, the entire rest of the time while they awaited the UN's psychiatrist. T'Challa seemed disturbed by his behavior, but everyone else took it in stride as they returned one-by-one.
at him. Now, Steve had been mad at him before. When they first met after Loki arrived on Earth, they did not get along. Tony recalled when they were on the heli-carrier and Steve was growling at him to put his suit on so he could beat the crap out of him. Tony longed for the relatively mild contempt on Steve's face that day. At least then, Steve hadn't been visibly shaking and beet red. Tony had no doubt that Steve wouldn't lay a finger on him in anger now that they were engaged, but still, he flinched.
issue within the purview of the United Nations. They've tasked their own experts with this mission, and those experts, who have decades of training and experience, have determined you guys to be unnecessary to said mission.
“Something like that.” Now that he had Bucky's attention, he picked up where he left off. He licked and kissed his way up Bucky's torso along the midline. As he crawled up Bucky's body, he made sure there was plenty of “incidental” contact between himself and Bucky's penis. He liked to feel it slowly grow harder as he progressed. He got to Bucky's neck and made sure to leave a mark. He paused to admire the blemish he left an inch above the collarbone, near the scarring on Bucky's left shoulder, then finally found himself face-to-face with Bucky.
Steve crossed his arms. “Enlighten me.” His expression softened when Bucky closed the closet door and joined them wearing pajama pants and a Captain America licensed tee.
smart,” Steve argued. “Those Winter Soldiers are incredibly dangerous. If even one of them gets away, that can have severe and lasting political or economic consequences for the entire planet. At the very least, we should be on site ready to assist if things go sideways. Suit up, guys. If we hurry, we can catch up to them.”
In the early afternoon, around the same time the Quinjet was landing at the compound, Tony was walking into an Austrian hospital. He'd done his research. This was the shift change, the time many of the morning nurses would be giving report to the afternoon nurses. That included the unit he needed to get into.
“Great.” Tony sighed in relief. “It's settled. So me and Steve, well, we're already engaged. You two... uh... whatever. Barnes and I will get to know each other. In maybe a few months, get together and see if we want to upgrade from 'Steve has two boyfriends' to a real throuple. I'll let the others know so you don't have to sneak about the compound, but you guys are gonna have to figure out if and when to go public. Now I really do have some things I gotta take care of.” He went to leave the room.
Bucky loved to tease Steve. He had been waiting for his irritation to flare before giving him what he wanted, sliding inside him easily and fully while Steve was distracted by his own complaint. Normally-silent Steve groaned like a man taking his first sip of icy water after trekking a hundred miles through the desert. His eyelids fluttered nearly closed and his eyes lost focus, but he kept them fixed on Bucky's face.
Tony nodded. “We understand and accept. Sergeant Barnes is eager to clear his name. However, for the safety of everyone involved, including Sergeant Barnes, until such time as he is cleared, all interviews must be held at the Avengers compound under the supervision of the team. We are prepared to provide transportation and accommodations for anyone you'd like to send.”
Steve squirmed uncomfortably in his seat. He glanced quickly at Natasha before looking back at Tony. “Don't you think this is a private conversation?”
As cute as Bucky thought that was, his dick didn't agree. “Steve. My dick is not your ass-pacifier.”
Steve laughed at the old pet name. He found the strength to keep walking. “How are you doing? You look a lot better.”
But really, the surprise had everything to do with the fact that no one aside from Vision, Pepper, Happy, and Wanda had suspected a thing. Steve was always such an above-board kind of guy and Tony just did not give a fuck what anybody thought, so it was weird enough that they'd bothered to hide it. Plus, they were both perpetually in the spotlight, and they literally worked in close quarters with a few world-class spies, so the fact that they were able to hide their relationship was amazing.
“Dr. Theo Broussard from Geneva was found dead a couple hours ago in a Berlin hotel room. The police also found a wig and facial prosthesis approximating the appearance of one James Buchanan Barnes. Facial recognition identified the fake doctor as Colonel Helmut Zemo. Sokovian intelligence. Zemo ran EKO Skorpion, a Sokovian covert kill squad.” There were three different images of Colonel Zemo; it was the man in their midst.
The security guard stepped to the side and gestured for them to enter the UN chamber. They filed slowly into the room two at a time and fanned out along the back. The Avengers and Winter Soldiers sized each other up over the heads of the mostly cowering members of the United Nations. The Avengers slowly began descending the stairs at the ends and breaks of the chamber's rows. T'Challa, who was already in the room but wearing business attire instead of armor, stood and joined them.
Steve shrugged and planted more kisses down Bucky's shin. What he wanted was to explore and memorize every inch of Bucky's body. He had him memorized by 1944, but surely he's picked up some new marks. He trailed his lips methodically over Bucky's skin, kissing and licking every mark he came across, old and new. He moved down to the foot, up the back and side of the leg, up his flank and torso, then to the hand and back.
“Thank you for your most thorough report, Captain,” T'Challa said, knowing that none of the tac team members would show him any respect.
“A week ago, you would not have dared to treat them so poorly. But today, you know that the Avengers are not at liberty to defend themselves from your discourtesy. To do so would put their very freedom at risk. But I'm afraid you've been so focused on sexually harassing Captain Rogers that you've overlooked something very important.”
Steve and Bucky realized Tony was right. They let go of each other and made their way toward the damaged front door of the compound, Steve's arm around Bucky's back out of fear that Bucky would try to flee. As they passed Tony, Steve reached out to him and gave his armored hand a soft squeeze.
Bucky stared miserably at nothing. Steve's heart broke. He closed the distance between them, put his arms around Bucky, and just held him for the first time since 1944. Bucky hid his face in Steve's neck and breathed in his scent. It took about a minute but Bucky eventually relaxed into the hug, sighing. Steve tried not to dwell on what Tony must have been thinking.
“Yeah, hold on.” There were some distant noises and voices before Bucky spoke again. “Alright, you're on speaker phone.”
It turned out that Tony wanted two things. First and foremost, he was dying to get a look at the inner workings of his metal arm, especially how the controls work. But also, he wanted to start getting to know him. After all, that was crucial if they and Steve had any hopes of becoming a throuple.
Steve had barely managed to resist the urge to throw himself out of that window, as it was the quickest and most direct way to the yard and, therefore, to Bucky. The longer, more sensible route through the facility and down a few flights of stairs was agony with every step. He hit the front door at too high a speed, blasting it from its hinges instead of flinging it open like he'd intended. A string of divots formed in the grass as he sprinted across the lawn toward Bucky, who stood there and waited for him.
Steve sighed contentedly. He licked his lips. After a moment to adjust, he started moving. He established a rhythm and rode Bucky slowly. The twelve-second fiasco had been borne of frantic desperation. But this? The need this time was to experience Bucky fully and for as long as he could manage.
Suddenly, there was noise and fire and screaming and the camera was on the floor shooting a patch of carpet. Movement was visible in the form of wisps of smoke, falling debris, and scattering feet. It was clear that there had been an explosion.
Steve got the joke, but he frowned. Jeopardizing the safety of everyone in this room wasn't funny. “Sam-” he started.
As the only couple there, Steve and Tony were obviously going to take the master bedroom. Clint, Sam, and Rhodey offered to share a room so Natasha could have privacy, but she wanted to split a bunk bed with Clint. That left Sam and Rhodey to divvy up their three beds as they saw fit. Vision didn't need a bed for obvious reasons.
Still nothing. The entire planet got to hear Bucky say, “That's too bad; Steve loves a dick in his ass.”
Steve and Natasha were the only ones in the jet. The silence in the air was awkward. Natasha was typing something on her phone, or maybe she was playing a game. Steve was slouching in his seat, arms crossed, ankles crossed, staring straight ahead at absolutely nothing with this look on his face that he gets when he's sick to death of humanity's bullshit.
T'Challa knew where Tony was going with this. “As King of Wakanda, it was my country's people who were killed in Nigeria,” he pointed out. “Given that, my words carry more weight than those of most other UN members on the issue of the Sokovia Accords. Allow me to join you in the hunt for this man. I can see to it that your counter-proposal is given strong consideration.”
That stopped Tony in his tracks. He turned around. “Yes, Your Highness.” Gotta be respectful. No need to piss off UN members with his patented Stark sass.
Without breaking eye contact, he leaned down and planted a kiss right in the crease where Steve's left upper thigh met his groin. Another jump. He massaged Steve's prostate with his fingers, letting the very tip of his thumb tease his stretched hole. He kissed Steve again, this time at the base of his penis. He started trailing little kisses up the side of the shaft until he felt something wet on his cheek. He wiped the fluid off his cheek with his metal index finger. He tore his gaze away from Steve's face just long enough to glance at the pearly bead: precum, naturally. He re-established eye contact, then put that metal finger in his mouth and sucked the liquid off of it.
“What're you saying, there's plenty of Steve to go around?” Bucky asked. “He can have his cake and eat it, too?”
“I cannot pretend that they have not made mistakes in those four years. Unfortunately, some grievous and public mistakes have found them in a precarious situation. It is no secret that they need to regain the trust of the international community if they wish to continue their quest to rid the world of the scourge known as HYDRA. I have sat here and watched you take advantage of this situation.
Bucky managed an extra hour with Steve by his side, but it still fell short of a full night by a wide margin. He ended up getting out of bed and intended to just wander around the compound's residential area until FRIDAY spoke to him:
Just before the two-hour mark, a couple members of the UN showed up at the Quinjet's ramp with a strange man. Everyone, including Steve, stood to greet them. The man was identified as Dr. Theo Broussard from Geneva, and he was tasked with determining how much of a threat Bucky was.
“Then how the fuck am I supposed to survive this?” Tony flails, almost poking Steve’s eye with his gun.
“No, no, you’re okay, I hope,” the man whispers, and Tony wants to ask him if he’s sure he’s not an angel because even in the pain and haziness he’s in, Tony’s definitely conscious enough to just
“This,” is all Steve says, before leaning over to press his lips to Tony’s cheek. Even above the low noise coming from the television, Pepper can still hear Tony’s sharp, shocked gasp, and the sudden intimacy of the moment has her looking away for the first time that night.
“A month from now should do,” she says gently, “but you know he’s not going to be happy about this.”
“Liar,” he chides, rolling his eyes as he sets down the wrench he’d been working with on the cluttered table before him.
Tony’s first thought when he sees her, oddly enough, is that she looks awfully familiar. He doesn’t know how– the answer is just out of reach, no matter how hard he tries to grasp it– but the thought is there all the same, and it doesn’t feel like it’ll go anywhere anytime soon.
“Pep was a nightmare to get into bed last night,” Tony begins, shaking his head fondly. “She spent a whole hour separating every damn piece of candy in her bag-- put them all in lines, fucking military precision and everything, only to
Steve takes a deep breath, and reaches into his pocket. “And I just… I want you to know that every day I spend with you is-- it’s the best day of my life.”
tea?” their daughter asks. Her hands are already sticky with orange pulp, and Steve doesn’t even wince when she wipes them on the crisp, white sheets.
Pepper leads him towards the black car parked to the side, and Tony waves all the way there. “Bye, sunshine!” he cries, and then he’s pulled into the warm seats inside.
“I don’t work well with others.” The words are out before Tony realizes, like a reflex that’s been carved into his brain, and he’s beyond believing them, beyond doubting them.
“Feel like sharing with the class, then?” Tony asks. “Not that you have to, if you don’t. And it doesn’t have to, uh, be me. I could go get Romanoff. Or Pep. She’s a good listener– but only if you want to. And you should probably eat your pizza, it’s getting cold. Is it warm? I could go heat it up again? Shit, should I just go? I should–” he’s rambling. He knows it. But he can’t stop, and his mouth is running faster because Steve’s eyes are getting blurry again, and it’s one of the most heartbreaking things Tony’s ever seen. “Am I making it worse? I can, I can stop–”
The Captain sets his jaw, squares his shoulders, and just like that, the moment’s turned serious again. Red grabs Bucky by the shoulders, pushing him back towards the shadows, but whatever they might have been saying is lost when the Captain crouches down in front of Tony. He rests his elbows on his knees, and yeah, his arms are even more gorgeous up close.
“It’s alright, baby,” he smiles, kneeling down until they’re all at eye level. “Go ahead and pick a name. Whatever you want.”
Tony pulls back with a startled yelp. “I take it back, you’re disgusting and I don’t like you and I’m calling Pep and calling this whole thing off!”
“That outta teach ya,” Steve laughs, bright and playful. He’s all but straddling Tony where he lies, and god, now’s not the time to think about keeping the view to memory. “Y’know what, I might just eat the leftovers myself.”
In the span of about six weeks, he goes from 5′4 to 6′2; Tony almost faints when he sees him the first time after he comes back from his family vacation. And this time, that little pang of attraction he's always tried so hard to ignore around Steve-- who's always been cute as hell, ever since Tony's known him, with those eyes and that smile and that sass-- suddenly becomes impossible to.
“You guys know we stopped playing, like, ten minutes ago, right?” Clint calls out from his spot by the grill.
“I like the sound of that,” Tony breathes out. Steve’s hands have wandered underneath his shirt, and the whisper soft touch of his fingers along Tony’s spine is maddening.
Tony knows he could end it all, if he really wanted to. But underneath all of Clint’s jokes, there’s genuine curiosity and interest that Tony knows is born from all those years of knowing each other and living with each other, and fighting against the world with nothing but sheer will and trust in each other’s abilities. It’s more than a little touching, Tony can admit somewhere in his head, and, well… If it’s on tape, it can’t be that bad, can it?
“I love you too,” Tony hides his suddenly burning eyes in tousled blond curls, and when he feels Steve lean in to kiss his hair, his next breath comes easier than it ever has.
“Yeah,” Tony whispers, patting the space next to him, and closes his eyes when he feels a warm weight settling on his shoulders. “Yeah... okay.”
Steve looks down as Tony’s voice-- low and warm against his shoulder-- breaks through the loud chaos booming from the living room speakers. The rest of their team is scattered around the other sofas and the floor, but Steve’s barely paid them any mind all night, completely attuned to the comforting weight of the body atop his. “What’re you goin’ on about?”
“It’s okay,” Tony gasps, lips pressing against Steve’s shirt with every word. “It’s okay, it’s okay…”
through the window. “Uncle Agent, I promise I’m not a Skrull! And you know you’ve alway been my favorite– wait, no you don’t. At least not yet. But you are!”
“True,” Tony’s still grinning from both kisses, “so I forgive you. At least you can make it up to me now, so yay for that,” he cheers, resting his hands on Steve’s chest.
?” he frowns exaggeratedly as he lowers his voice, and really, he knows it’s a shitty impersonation of Steve, but he doesn’t really care. “We had this in the bag, Rogers.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony rolls his eyes, but doesn’t even care that his voice sounds so pathetically happy. “Back atcha, big guy.”
“I should hope so,” Steve says, shivering from the attention Tony’s lips are paying to his skin. “Don’t feel like runnin’ into anyone else on my own honeymoon.”
Steve smiles sweetly. “I’d rather spend time with you,” he says, and Tony tries and fails to hide the blush spreading over his face.
His mother smiles. “No, I don’t know,” she chuckles, “but it’s alright, in any case. As long as you’re here, I’m right as rain.”
“I’m not–” he takes a breath, shoulders heaving. “I will not sit here and listen to… Avengers!” he calls out, the words clipped and tight, and still louder than the chaos that’s suddenly breaking out across the room. “We’re done here.”
“What.” Tony doesn’t look up at him. He can’t bear the disappointment in those blue eyes he loves so much-- though God knows both of them should be used to it.
“You deserve all of it,” Tony whispers, blinking away the telltale sting at the back of his eyes. “And more.”
“Now, just sit there, look pretty, and let me take care of you,” Tony continues, trying to push down the slightly irrational flare of panic from climbing up his throat at the sight of the ugly burn on the leg propped up in front of him. He has a job to do, damn it, and seeing that it’s
“I don’t know why I was expecting anything even remotely normal,” Steve settles back into his seat, grinning playfully. “But honestly, as long as you’re here, I don’t care what we end up doing.”
“So fucking insane, that’s literally the only reason I can think of for why you dragged me out here--”
Tony tosses his controller aside, glaring at the confetti flying all around on the screen in front of them. “Shoulda known you’d end up like this,” he huffs, but doesn’t struggle when the blond reaches out to pull him close.
Steve manages to ignore pain the words bring, and finally gives in to the urge to wrap Tony up in his arms. “You’re the only one who think so, genius,” he whispers into soft, tousled brown hair, and breathes around a smile when Tony burrows further into him.
“Whaddaya mean?” His boyfriend’s smile is as soft as the early morning light, but that rough, Brooklyn voice sends shivers down Tony’s spine.
“Why? God knows your head’s hard enough on it’s own,” Steve laughs, but unclips his helmet and offers it to him all the same. “Hop on.”
I put a ring on it, babe. But now, I’m thinking I want a prenup,” Tony jokes, huffing out a laugh when Steve rolls his eyes.
“We should make the two of ya walk home,” Steve says. “We were right in the middle of our dinner date.”
"This is the fucking worst," Tony groans some time later, picking at a sad remnant of turkey still sitting on his plate.
Steve turns to the rest of the team. “Avengers, move out,” he grins, and leaves the room. Tony can’t hold back a laugh as his teammates follow him in a straight line, like little baby ducklings after their mother.
“I’m... I am,” he whispers, and he’s still crying but it doesn’t matter because Steve’s lips quirk up into a smile, and just like that, the screams in Tony’s head finally start fading to whispers.
The sheets are a mess around them, and as Steve holds the love of his life in his arms, the world beyond their bed seems the farthest it’s been in days. He takes in the faint sheen of sweat still lingering on Tony’s skin, the satisfied curve of his smile, and feels the words fall from his lips easily. “A couple of days ago, yeah. I dreamt that I was in art school, like back... before.”
, the smug bastard. But it’s worth it all just to see him groan in disappointment when Barnes hands the pile of the ‘when-will-Stark-and-Rogers-finally-bang’ pool money to Coulson.
“Well, who wouldn’t,” Tony says, and Steve can hear the smile in his voice. “And why are you up, anyway? Missin’ me already?”
“Naughty Clint, huh?” Natasha teases, and when both boys start nodding enthusiastically, she smirks through the swell of affection that blooms in her chest for them. “He’ll be getting a good lump of coal, then.”
“Come here,” Pepper replies, slowly rising to her feet as he approaches, and Tony’s helpless to keep his eyes from falling to the squirming bundle in front of him.
This was inspired by a picture posted on the "Bringing Food to the Lab" Stony community on imzy, in Monday's donate-a-prompt thread (idk how to link lmao, but here's the url: https://images.imzy.com/prod/inline/bringing-food-to-lab-stony-monday-donate-prompt-izxunfya-comment-1488805976834.png).
Steve smiles ruefully as he ties his towel around him without bothering to dry his gleaming skin. “I was thinkin’ something more like—”
“How are you?” Steve crouches down, and pats his friend’s knee. “How long’ve you been waiting? Why isn’t anyone treatin’ ya? What happened?”
“Yeah...” Tony whispers. He can barely see the blond through his burning eyes, but feels Steve’s warmth as the man walks up to him.
“You are when you’re with me,” he mumbles against a warm, clean shoulder, fingers threading the edge of Steve’s SHIELD issued t-shirt.
But Steve just pulls him closer as they walk further into the night, and the warmth in Tony’s chest stays with him even longer.
The next moment, he pushes his tablet away, kneels on the bed, and then practically jumps onto Steve's lap. He takes his hands-- and god, how are they not shaking when Tony's very being feels like it's about to explode?-- and cups his boyfriend's cheeks. Steve's breath hitches at the touch, and Tony just leans in even though he can barely feel the breath in his own lungs. "I said, I want to marry you," he whispers, lips just barely brushing Steve's.
Tony scoffs. "If you thought I was gonna do anything but find you after the stunt you just pulled..."
,” she says, smile growing to a grin, and Tony can’t stop looking at her. She’s younger than he can ever remember her being, but just as beautiful as ever. “And are you... are you happy, darling?”
“Can’t believe you even have to ask,” Steve replies, eyes steely with determination, but just before reaching the door, he steps close into Tony’s space. “Are you okay?” he asks, voice as soft as the fingers that brush against his hand.
Steve catches Tony’s eye and nods, and with a sigh that’s almost a groan, Tony holds out his arms to take Rhodey. “I think you are,” he tries cooing, taking a cue from his Captain. “You had fun today, didn’t you?”
“Captain America never lies,” Steve shoots back with a wink, even though his cheeks flush as he does it.
The sheer belief in her voice almost brings Tony to tears again, but instead he leans against the wall with more aplomb than he feels, and crosses his arms against his chest. “So, last time…”
“You betcha. There’s no way I’m lettin’ this bunch drink without a lid– the recliner still stinks of grape soda,” Steve says, shuddering in disgust as he stealthily passes them out to their teammates.
Well, having Tony there makes all of it even better just by being there. He’s so good with his sister and Bucky all night, and he jokes and flirts with Steve and asks him about his art-- Steve keeps it short and simple for the moment, then tells him about what Pepper had said about his aversion to Picasso, and Tony laughs so hard, he has to lean into Steve to keep from falling.
“Yeah, back atcha, sunshine,” he grins. “Even if it’s all your fault that we have to deal with this shit–”
Steve’s mouth snaps shut with a click of his teeth as he stills his limbs--the ones not being treated for second degree burns, of course.
It’s only because Tony is staring into the darkness that he sees the shadows move, then a woman comes out and starts walking towards him and--
PhD,” Tony scoffs, and then squeals when Steve flips them over, covers and all, and starts peppering kisses all over his face. “If this–
“Fine,” Tony sighs, “ I’ll give you this one. But only because you’ve given me an excuse to never leave my lab again.”
Steve’s laughter joins the bustle of the city, the faint tunes of a Christmas song in the distance, and Tony’s takes it in like he’ll never have it again. "Scout’s honor.”
,” he curses, heart pounding a mile a minute as he drops his head and god, that wasn’t subtle at all, was it? He’s going to have to tell Buck and they’re gonna have to leave–
“Guess that’s our cue, huh?” Steve asks. Tony tells himself that can’t be disappointment he hears in those five little words.
“You’ll forgive me if I still have trouble believing that, won’t you?” Tony whispers, resting his head on Steve’s warm shoulder.
“You’re damn fucking right it would,” Tony glares, but Steve just smiles, and goes back to counting the bills in his hand.
“Took you long enough,” she says, jutting out her chin in an all too familiar way. “What’d you do, stop for drive through?”
“You should keep it,” she suggests, all smiles and high pitched coos as she holds up the kitten right in his face.
!” Steve laughs, and Tony feels the sound all the way down to his toes. “You’re ruining the moment!”
“Well, obviously,” Tony huffs, cocking his hip into the messy counter beside him. There’s a glob of it on his shoulder, too, but he holds off on wiping it away, even though it’s itchy. “Turns out whisks are messy.”
She laughs again, joyous and free and everything Tony will ever want her to be. “God, I love you, Pops!”
"Coulson already called home for 'em, so they're back in second period," Steve replies. "Which is where you should be, too."
Tony feels yet another jolt of desire through him, because now he can’t stop thinking about really shaking Rogers all night long, damn it. All that body sprawled out underneath him-- or on top, Tony’s not picky-- muscles flushed and gleaming as he runs his mouth over them...
“Never thought of him as a crybaby,” Stone says lazily, leaning on Brock’s meaty shoulder as he rises to his feet. “But I guess now that Mommy dearest is gone–”
“I sent him down to the cafeteria. He called while I was in line at Starbucks, so he owes me. Really, Tony, I thought you’d grown out of this?”
“God knows why,” Steve grumbles, and then yelps out a laugh when Tony elbows him in the chest. “I’m feelin’ a little less sorry about that snowball now.”
Steve’s lips are soft and warm, just like the rest of him. But then five seconds pass, and then another, and they still haven’t moved. He’s not kissing back. Tony feels his blood run cold, and
Because Tony hasn’t spit out the mug’s contents, and Steve can only stare in awe as the brunet keeps drinking, staring at Steve with every gulp until he’s downed it all.
Steve does. “P-please d-don’ leav-ve m-me,” he whimpers, eyes glassy and wet, and Tony feels his heart break. “P-pleas-se, Tony, please–”
Tony finally looks up at him at that, taking in Steve’s frown and the steely determination in his baby blues, as if he were already gearing up for a fight. “It’s not that I don’t--”
“Don’t bet on it, beak face,” he finally says. “I’ve seen a lot worse of myself without even bating an eyelash.”
“You wish. You two deserve each other,” he says, and when the curve of Tony’s lips turns up into a tiny, hopeful smile, Bucky welcomes the happy warmth that blooms in his chest.
Tony can’t stop staring. He’s not even sure he’s breathing as he looks at Steve, at his smile and his gorgeous baby blues, then moves down past the deliciously wide shoulders to--
Even now, he still doesn't know how it happened, but one moment they're finishing up the latest battle with Doom-- without Iron Man, no less-- and the next moment, Clint’s losing his shit because
“This shit doesn’t even shine,” Barnes sniffs in offense, holding up his gray-armed Winter Soldier. “I guess it’s okay, though...”
Tony lets out a laugh before she’s even finished talking, one as hysterical as he suddenly feels, almost breathless at the onslaught of emotions threatening to overwhelm him because
“Oh, quit fretting,” Peggy says good-naturedly. “You boys are so easy to rile up, and I’ve only just met you. I think I’m going to like it here.”
“Oh my god, Tony, shut up,” Rhodey hisses, pulling him closer when more than one AIM fan glares at them. “Just watch the damn game.”
“There you go,” Tony says, setting her down on the ground with another kiss to her head. “Go get him, pumpkin.”
“Steeb said we could op’n pwesents if we didn’ wake y’up,” Bucky says, eyes growing wide with glee. “Can we op’n pwesents now?”
“There’ll be time for apologies later,” the paramedic cuts in. “He’s probably not dying, but we should still get him in the truck and get him to the doctors.”
Steve nods again, cheeks flushing a delicious shade of pink that sends a pang of familiar longing straight to Tony’s gut. “I ain’t planning to.”
Steve closes his eyes when he feels Tony’s smile against his skin, and lets the breeze lull them both into a blissful silence.
MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE! :D Thank you so much for all your friendship and support! Hope you have an amazing day! <3<3<3
Prompt: "I run the night slot on campus radio and some jackass keeps calling in to insult my music taste and request high school musical songs instead."
“I don’t know,” Steve replies, pulling him away from the others. “I can’t decide if this is a really... creative way of hitting on me, or if you really believe what you’re saying.”
Steve rolls his eyes even as he chuckles, cheeks turning a delicious shade of pink. “Alright, I walked right into that one, didn’t I?”
“You better listen to me good, Anthony Edward Stark,” Steve squares his shoulders, and his eyes are blurry and bright, but he’s as serious as Tony’s ever seen him. “I’m not lettin’ you do this.”
“Getting better by the minute,” Tony replies, with a pointed pat at the arm settled snugly around his waist.
Steve’s face is soft and earnest, and the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen. “For everything,” he says, gesturing at their teammates as they play. “For being here, with them. With me.”
He swears it lasts for years, but then Steve pulls away and it’s too much and not enough all at once. When Tony’s mind comes back on, the machine beside his bed is beeping frantically, which makes Steve laugh-- cheeky bastard-- and Tony just wants more of
“Shut up,” he croaks, stumbling forward until his shins hit the edge of the bed. “Shut up, you fucking idiot.”
“I know you do,” Steve says. “Just didn’t take you for a coward.“ By now his smile is all teeth, and Tony’s helpless against the grin he gives him in return.
When Cap finally makes it back, hands and arms laden with plastic bags and take out boxes that he lays out on the dining table, Tony doesn’t miss a beat before wrapping his arms around him from behind.
“We’re gonna get so much shit for this,” Bucky mumbles, sparing them a glance over his shoulder. “You’re lucky we love you, you crazy punk.”
But warmer still are the tiny kisses Tony’s pressing on his skin, up to his neck and the curve of his jaw, before moving back down to his shoulder. “ Have a nice nap there?”
“Lucky for you, honey, I’m too good to be dreamt up,” Tony rasps, croaking out a chuckle when Steve lets out a laugh loud enough to drown out the final fading notes of the current song.
“I dream about laying you down on my bed and running my mouth, my hands, all over your body until you’re moaning and screaming my name. I dream about taking you on date after date. I dream about doing everything with you–”
Bucky looks at the bowl, then at the rest of the ingredients scattered around it. “Y’know how to bake?”
“Crazy is crazy, babe,” Tony shrugs, but when there’s no response, he finally looks away to look at his husband.
“God,” he whispers, lips brushing against his baby’s cheek as she grabs a tiny fistful of his shirt and holds on. “I can’t–”
“I feel like– like I have to… prove something. Like I have to tell people I’m good enough to win and be up there with you, and I just don’t care. I’ve been putting up papers all over campus, and… God, I don’t know why I let Jan waste her time making ‘em. I’m so fucking tired.”
From across the rink, Buck and Sam holler in support, and Steve tries to focus on his footing instead of the way Tony’s fingers seems to brand his skin. “You don’t have to stay here with me, y’know. I know I’m... you can’t be havin’ fun when I’m just slowing you down.”
“It wasn’t supposed to be that long,” Steve points out, sparing their young charges a glance. “Blame the SHIELD lackeys–”
Tony turns his face to Steve’s shoulder, and breathes in his clean, comforting scent. “And French toast.”
He doesn’t know how they stand there-- doesn’t know anything other than the slow, lazy drag of Steve’s lips against his-- but eventually, he has to pull back to find his breath. “Oh fuck,” he gasps, and then moans when Steve’s mouth follows after him. “Oh f--
“Mmmm.. right back atcha, stud,” Tony purrs, reveling in the rush of warmth that runs through him at the way those baby blues twinkle from the lights around the Christmas tree. “Shitty wrapping skills and everything.”
But then, slowly, the light on his chest breaks through the chaos, soft and bright and cool, everything those three months weren’t, and with a deep, ragged breath, Tony’s mind catches up to his body.
“Right… so,” Tony takes in a breath, then another, and wipes his eyes before looking “Should I kneel? I should kneel–”
“No one’s doin anything until we all eat,” Steve calls out as he plates the last of the bacon sizzling on the stove.
“Please! You were a menace back then, and you’re a fucking menace now,” Tony grins. “The two of you’ll have me going gray in months, Christ...”
God, Tony’s heart really needs to stop skipping beats. That can’t be healthy. “Did you even go to class?”
Steve ignores the fond jab, and closes his eyes, finding himself hesitant to meet Tony’s gaze. “They’re not… most of ‘em are hazy, and short. But sometimes… I dunno, there’s a little boy with your eyes and smile. And sometimes there’ll be a girl who’s the spitting image of my Ma. But you… you’re always there. Every time. And they always call you Daddy.”
“Thanks,” Steve fiddles with the large thermos on his lap. “I wish I’d brought my sketchbook, the view is gorgeous.”
He doesn’t want to hear anything except Steve’s voice. He lays a hand on the blond’s chest– when did he take off the gauntlet?– and even though he knows there’s a heartbeat beneath, he can’t feel it.
He groans and tries to push her away, but she just pats his arms down firmly. “Yep. Hurts lik’a bitch, though,” Tony says when she’s done, and when Steve sighs like a kicked puppy, he decides enough is enough.
Steve just rolls his eyes and walks over to place a soft kiss to the girl’s forehead. “Thank you, princess,” he says softly, before turning to Tony with eyes bright and vibrant with unconcealed gratitude. “Shellhead...”
But Tony returns the smirk even as he blushes the most adorable shade of pink Steve’s ever seen. “The best part’s making one, y’know.”
The last thing he sees before the doors close is Barton sticking his tongue out at him, and Steve’s bright, amused blue eyes as he laughs.
Steve lets out a low chuckle as he leans down to sweep Rhodey into his arms. “Wouldn’t you rather go lie down next to Sam and Bucky?”
“Then you’re gonna have to give me something. Ransom note, script for your ransom video, super villain monologue— take your pick. Unless it’s torture. I’d like to, y’know, skip that.”
“Can’t think of anything better,” Steve says honestly, and watches as a blush makes it way up to Tony’s cheeks.
“Okay, let’s just agree that you’re the pretty one and I’m the smart one, yeah?” Tony smiles, all bright brown eyes and rumpled hair, and the words are out before Steve’s even finished thinking them.
It’s not often that Tony talks in his sleep, and when he does, he usually just mumbles percentages and equations, and things that Steve doesn’t even bother trying to figure out.
Tony smiles, an empty curve of his lips that has Steve tightening his hold for one cold, panicked moment. “I’m fine, I’m good.”
“Tell him. How you feel,” he says again, looking down at the soothing rise and fall of the knife in his hand, and feels a flash of triumph when he hears Tony’s breath hitch.
It takes more than a few moments for him to blink back the ridiculous sting of tears in his eyes at the words, and when he finally speaks again, his voice is steady as ever. “Back atcha, stud.”
“Like the luckiest sunnuva bitch in th’world,” the brunet purrs, and even with his head wrapped with a bandage, he still manages to look roguishly handsome as he smirks.
“No, Tony,” Steve rolls his eyes. “Donate it to the Boys & Girls club, in Brooklyn. We can get ‘em a bus to make the trip, and they can make it a weekly thing or somethin’. They can learn and ride and have fun?”
“Whatever you say, Princess,” Steve whispers, and Natasha finally leaves to the sound of Tony’s sleepy chuckles.
“Oh ha, ha,” Steve rolls his eyes, but walks over to Tony to look at their daughter over his shoulder. “Hear that, baby doll?” he coos. “Daddy’s being mean to Papa. What do you say we get back at him?”
Natasha shakes her head, and snuggles further into him. Clint gives her a brief pout, but turns back to the movie with a shrug.
“No,” Rhodey whimpers, and Tony moves him until his head is nuzzled into Tony’s neck, shushing him softly. “Wanna play…”
“He’s uh workin’ man, Papa,” their daughter nods, and then holds out a small tray. “Muff’ns! Eat muff’ns, Papa!”
“You want to go back inside, then?” Tony asks, a faint tendril of disappointment unfurling in his chest.
“I don’t... I don’t know why I just... ” Tony shakes his head, and when the alcohol tries to climb back up his throat, he pushes it down with everything he has. “I just can’t keep my fucking mouth shut, but he just--”
He puts them inside a sketchbook, wraps it carefully, and keeps it with him for the entire party. More than once, Steve eyes him oddly, but Tony just waves him off.
“Sure you will, sunshine,” Tony grins, and Steve rolls his eyes at the nickname even as his cheeks turn the most delicious shade of pink. “Just give the ol’ cafeteria crones that smile, and they’ll be putty in your hands.”
“Sap,” Tony laughs, a low, faint thing that doesn’t manage to drown out the steady pitter patter of the storm beyond their window. “Want me to warm you up some more?” he purrs, fingers wandering down to the warm skin of Steve’s hip in a soft caress.
“I know,” Tony says, and the words taste like ash as they leave his mouth. “Time to put your game face on,” he turns to everyone else, and then jumps out the Quinjet.
“Shut up,” Tony says, and ends the call with a vicious push of a button. “Bastard...” he sighs, but he knows he’s smiling when he looks back up.
“Annoys me? No, sweetie,” the pet name falls from his lips without thought, and he tries to ignore the way Steve's blush makes him look so much more beautiful. “It annoyed me three years ago. Now, it's just...”
“Not yet,” Tony mutters, and Steve makes a sort of squeaking noise that should not be so attractive, really. Tony’s definitely not thinking straight.
A very familiar bout of laughter sends a pang of longing to his chest, and when Tony finds Steve making his way straight towards him, he takes a deep breath to quell the sudden swell of irrational panic.
“Ouch. That almost hurt,” he chuckles, and then turns to press his lips to the golden curls nestled under his chin. “That wasn’t very nice of Papa, huh,
“Tone it down, Casanova,” Tony sighs, relieved when it doesn’t sound as pathetically lovesick as he feels. “I’m not the one you have to charm today. I already know you’re the right guy for the job.”
“Umm,” is all Tony can say because Steve is still so damn close and he smells like apple pie and clean laundry, and a little like the engine oil that pervades Tony’s workshop.
, Steeb,” Bucky urges, pushing more than a couple of parents out of the way in his haste to get to his best friend. Steve’ll have to remind him that’s not a nice thing to do, but his brother’s definitely not the only one doing it, so he can let it pass just this once.
“No, it’s--” Tony licks his lips. “It’s, y’know, fine. Makes me look roguish, actually,” he waggles his eyebrows, and feels a thrill of victorious pleasure when the blond honest to God
Tony just stares, eyes wide and confused. There’s a small shower of glitter floating down from the card, and Steve watches the little puddle on the ground get bigger and bigger.
Steve’s quiet chuckles echo through both their chests. “Pretty much. But I just… I need you to know that I can’t think of anyone I’d rather have a family with. I don’t want anyone else. Ever.”
The man stares at him and then chuckles, closing the door and walking towards Tony to stick out his hand.
he thinks, but almost stumbles when he doesn’t feel air coming into his lungs. He runs inside the first door he finds, and leans against it as his shoulders heave.
Steve gives Tony’s skin a final nuzzle before pulling back. “It’s the truth. You can be awfully distractin’ when you wanna be, Mister Stark.”
“Why’m I still on this?” Tony asks once they’re inside. He tries not to focus on everything passing by because he feels a lot better than he did earlier, but his head’s still trying its damnedest to make him think the world’s spinning.
“Back atcha, stud muffin. But first…” Tony leans up to brush his nose against Steve’s in an eskimo kiss. “What was that about my eyes and the stars?”
“Don’t even think about it,” Steve says, and Tony feels so dizzy with relief, it’s almost pathetic. “Whenever you want, just let me know and I’m with you. Hear me? I’m with you, Tony.”
Tony swallows a lump in his throat, and barely manages to keep the sting in his eyes from turning into tears. Every part of his body is suddenly tense as a live wire, frozen in memories and the grief that still haunts him as strongly as it did the day he lost her.
Tony gives the rubble above them one final push, but just like the countless ones before, it’s in vain. With the armor out of power, he doesn’t even manage to move anything even an inch forward. “Fuck,” he growls. “Fucking shit. Steve–”
Bucky reached between them and began to stroke Steve along to Steve's rhythm. Steve stopped him with a gentle hand over his, though, breathlessly explaining that he didn't want to finish too soon. Bucky understood and agreed; he moved his hands to Steve's body, all over Steve's body, whatever he could reach.
“They're awful long for friendship bracelets,” Natasha pointed out, noticing that a single bracelet had to be wrapped around the wrist several times. “What do they say?”
“Well, our new housemate is a mentally unstable super-soldier with a robot arm, and I'm the frail, non-enhanced human that's sleeping with his boyfriend. Yeah, I'm gonna wear the suit for a while.”
Tony would have to buy or make something very nice for Clint. He looked at Steve to see his reaction. Steve was
Bucky shook his head again, desperately. “You don't understand. As long as anyone knows those words, I'm not safe, and no one is safe
“First point. I was saying yesterday that we need to be put in check. I still firmly believe that. The Sokovia Accords would do that. I also still believe that if we don't work with the UN, this,” he gestured to the Sokovia Accords, “is going to be done
Back before the serum, he'd be able to do a bit more from this position. He had been short enough to ride Bucky and reach Bucky's chest with his mouth at the same time. Now that he was even taller than Bucky, he had to curl up on himself just to kiss Bucky on the lips. Bucky's chest would have to settle for Steve's hand or wait until they were done.
The UN actually agreed to his stipulation without argument. Tony couldn't believe how well that had gone. The UN asked him to wait for them to assign a psychiatrist to return to New York with them with the assurance that the doctor would be there within two hours. Tony was tempted to suggest the psychiatrist just take a different jet, but the desire to win brownie points with the UN swayed him. He told the team they had two hours to kill, and that he'd text them if the doctor got there early, then he started to head back to the Quinjet.
He’s usually one of the first to wake up, and every time Tony stumbles into the kitchen later in the mornings, the sight of his Captain smiling by the counter never fails to put a smile on his face.
The long, determined steps Pepper’d been taking on her way to the Stark Tower common room taper down to slow, careful ones at the sound of Tony’s softly hushed words. At first, she thinks about turning around, because if the man has company, the last thing either of them will want is for her to interrupt anything. But when she dares to take a peek into the room, she frowns when she sees it empty.
"Oh,” Tony blinks, and goes to stand next to the blond, reaching up to get Steve’s mug easily. “Here ya go.”
! I swear-- oh, you think that’s funny? You won’t be laughing when Cap comes home-- Steve, I mean it, you need to get back here
But it’s the look on his face that quickly brings Steve to his feet, the desperate gleam in his eyes and the almost imperceptible quivering of his lips sending a surge of sudden protectiveness straight to Steve’s gut. “C’mere,” is all he says, and only grows more concerned when Tony lets out a relieved sigh and all but runs to him.
So he doesn’t think it unreasonable to head the man’s way again. “Still here?” he calls out, and Blondie whirls around to face him.
But his daughter just smiles, and he wonders if it’s possible to love someone you’ve just met. “Oh, Daddy– I may look like Pops, but this?” she taps her temple. “This is all you.”
,” Tony responds immediately, and means it more than he’s ever meant anything in his life. His daughter reaches over to smack a kiss to his cheek, and wriggles into her original perch atop his chest, breathing low and soft against Tony’s jaw.
“Aw, don’t be shy, sweet cheeks,” he coos, only to let out a yelp when Steve pulls him close and all but buries Tony under his warm, disgustingly firm bulk. “What the f--
“You’re a fucking idiot, Jesus Christ,” Barnes sighs, just as Steve steps in front of Clint’s drawn bow.
And Tony... well, he just has to pull Steve onto the dance floor for that, rocking their hips together and singing the whole song right into Steve’s ear. And after that, they don’t spend much more time at the party before they sneak out.
“‘Last time’?” Steve says, incredulous and concerned all at once, and really, Tony doesn’t blame him one bit because
“Yeah, I know.” Steve doesn’t stop smiling, even when Tony’s sure he wants to wince at the pain in his head.
“The things I do for you...” Steve mutters, and the dark gleam of anticipation in his eyes is almost enough to crumble Tony’s resolve.
Steve just nods, and tries to pretend he can’t feel the way Tony’s gaze never leaves him. It’s easy to stay focused on his job, but as the sound of Tony’s voice– and Rhodey’s, too, he notices– gets closer, he feels his heart skip a beat just a little more often.
“What’s--” Steve begins, only to blush and stammer when he pulls it away to get a better look. “Oh. Oh, geez,” he mumbles, and meets Pepper’s eyes hesitantly. “I’m awfully sorry, Ms. Potts--”
“We’ll do it. God, you’re cute when you ramble,” Tony says, “and at this point, I have no problem saying that I’d really fucking like to spend more time with you.”
“And you...” she reaches up to touch his cheek, and it takes Tony everything he has to keep the tears from falling. “
“I know.” Steve sits up slowly, and then reaches out a hand to cup Tony’s cheek. “You s-sure you’re okay?”
The Avengers all looked at the journalist as she held out a thin stack of photos. Rhodey took them from her and brought them to Tony.
But then he waited. He waited, and he waited. What was probably only five seconds felt like five hours. Bucky was right: seventy-two years was long enough. Another five seconds of this torture, and Steve was sure he'd die of not having Bucky. “Bucky, if you don't get on with it, I swear to-”
Tony added, “I feel like you're on the fence about this. You don't know me, and you certainly don't owe me anything, but you were friends with my dad. Maybe that's enough to buy me a chance.”
Everybody's mood was softened when the President started defending Bucky. Bucky's jaw dropped. He had assumed that pretty much every authority figure on the planet would have it out for him.
.” Bucky could hardly believe it when Steve actually started grinding against him. It was undignified, especially for someone like Steve. He was determined to put a stop to it. He put his arms around Steve, but instead of what Steve wanted, he grabbed Steve's wrists and forcefully pinned Steve's arms to his chest. Bucky held him tightly as Steve squirmed in frustration.
“Go get 'em, Security Man!” Tony said with mock exuberance. He held both his thumbs up in a sarcastic show of support. “You got this!”
Steve and the Commander stared aggressively at each other from about two inches apart. Steve knew this was a bad idea. He ought to stand down. But the angel on his shoulder telling him to cool his jets was losing to the little devil that was rightfully pointing out that this guy deserved the ass-beating Steve was about to give him and anyone who tried to back him up. He waited for twitch, a blink, anything at all to spur him to action.
Eventually, Steve took Bucky's hand and placed it over his own cock, silently encouraging him help him finish this. Bucky picked up what he'd attempted to do when they first started. He stroked Steve along to Steve's slow pace. He quickened when Steve did. Finally, Steve stopped moving abruptly as he cummed over Bucky's belly and hand.
Steve and Tony thanked him and led the way to the four empty tables on the right. They noticed that their seating had been unnecessarily assigned, with little name cards at each chair. They were tempted to just sit wherever they wanted, but they seemed to telepathically come to the conclusion that it wasn't worth making waves over a seating chart.
Tony and Steve tended to get very little sleep. Usually, Steve would help Tony fall asleep, and he'd wind up with a few hours of good-quality rest before waking. If Steve was unavailable, Tony would stay up and tinker until he passed out. It turned out that Bucky was as much an insomniac as Tony. He was a very light sleeper, and he could never manage to sleep more than a couple hours before being instantly wide awake at the slightest noise.
. I don't know anything. They just keep me around to make the coffee.” He turned to the rest of the team. “Am I up, guys? You need coffee?”
Despite the behavior of the tac team members, Clint was able to make the Avengers smile. T'Challa, while he appreciated what Clint was doing, wanted to turn in for the night and moved things along. “Captain Rogers, would you please present your intel to the room so we can be done?”
When they arrived at the doors to the room, they were stopped by two uniformed security guards. “I'm afraid you do not have authorization to access this room at this time,” one of them said.
“Oh, I'm sorry,” Clint said sarcastically over the deafening silence in the room. “Were you watching that?”
Steve broke the kiss when he felt Bucky's hands pawing at his fly. He was starting to feel short of breath. “Wait.” He took Bucky's hands in his own and looked him in the eye. “Are you sure about this?” Bucky had only been back for three days, his mind patched up for merely a few hours. “You don't need more time?”
Well, Tony had an answer for that. “Which brings me to my third point. I spent much of yesterday and last night drafting a counter-proposal to the Sokovia Accords. I've uploaded it onto your personal screens for reading. I think it's both reasonable and efficient for both sides and addresses key issues.
Ellis crossed his arms. “Tony tells me you’ve invited yourself into the Avengers compound, disregarded protocol, and are currently disrespecting one of our last veterans from World Word II: the American who survived the longest as a prisoner of war.”
“They've informed the UN of their decision. The UN is monitoring your aircraft and all the exits from this suite. Apparently, something is obstructing their attempts to monitor what you're doing in here, not that you guys would know anything about
The Avengers left the UN control room and allowed their contact, who waited for them as he'd promised, to show them to their temporary quarters. It was a three-bedroom suite clearly designed for visiting dignitaries with large families. There was a living space, a kitchen, and an eight-person dining table. The master bedroom had a king bed and a crib. The other two bedrooms were nearly identical and boasted a bunk bed across from a twin bed, for a capacity of three per room.
Then he removed his wig, deactivated his mask, and woke the patient with a harsh poke over the bandage on his head. “Wake up, dickhead.”
He objected when Tony told him that President Ellis wanted to sensationalize his return from being a prisoner of war, throw him a parade, pin a medal on him, and give him a medical discharge from the army. The parade posed a problem for Bucky. He'd been keeping a low profile for decades. Being the center of attention was a distant memory for him. He was also somewhat concerned that having his location over several hours scheduled and advertised weeks or months in advance would make him an easy target for anyone who wanted him dead.
my personality. It's the rest of me you love. I mean it, though. We're not talking about some guy you met in a bar, alright? It's
Tony wished life had a “control+Z” function because this was not what he wanted. Now that he had his attention, though, he said, “Steve, I'm so sorry.”
Steve had hoped this was coming. At first, he leaned gently into the kiss. Three and a half years of dating a non-enhanced person had trained him the hard way to be very careful. But Tony and Bucky felt, tasted, and smelled exactly nothing alike. Despite the metal arm and long hair, the kiss was classic Bucky. It unearthed decades-old emotions and memories and reminded him that Bucky didn't need to be handled with kid gloves.
“You should be grateful to Steve. I personally wouldn't lose any sleep from killing you in your hospital bed. Steve? Well, he'd be upset with me if you turned up with a convenient case of the deads. That's why all I gave you was naloxone. It's not going to harm you, just negate your morphine for about ninety minutes.” Which was why he added it to both IV bags: to make it last. “You deserved the skull fracture T'challa gave you, and you deserve to feel it.”
By all means: kiss him, cuddle him, lie next to him and just watch him sleep. Sew your hand to his because if he decides to fall off another train, he's gonna have to take you with him. I promise you my feelings are not going to be hurt, and I refuse to be jealous of a guy who's spent seventy years enslaved to the most evil organization in modern history.”
Bucky felt so close, but he patiently waited for Steve to start riding him again so he could finish, as well... except Steve didn't start riding him again. Steve curled up and lay on top of Bucky as if he were going to go to sleep then and there with Bucky's hard cock inside of him. “Steve?” Bucky asked.
Tony imagined what the UN's response would be to T'Challa getting injured or killed in their company. “Your Highness, I don't think-”
Steve got off the jet last. He looked at Bucky with the intent to greet him, but something made him stop in the middle of the ramp. There was something... different. It took Steve a moment to figure out what had changed. Bucky was
Bucky knew Steve was being far too loud. He hadn't even grazed his prostate when he slid inside him. This was not going to last long for either of them; after seven decades and the way Steve moaned in his face, Bucky was in no more of an enduring state than Steve was. Bucky pulled back, adjusted the angle of his hips, and pushed back in. He was rewarded with a softer, higher-pitched, breathy sigh when he brushed Steve's prostate.
“Barnes is already scheduled to be interviewed by doctors and intelligence officers assigned by the United States government.”
Natasha used her most intimidating expression to look at Bucky, her arm, and Bucky again. When he reluctantly released her, she said, “We have to go back to Vienna. We have the bomber, intel, and evidence that we have to turn over.”
“Now here's what you're going to do. You're going to look him in the eye, you're going to shake his hand, you're going to thank him for his service to and sacrifice for this country and the world, you're going to apologize for being a dick, and you're going to call him 'Sergeant Barnes' while you do it. If not, I expect your resignation on my desk by morning.” The hologram disappeared.
Steve placed his hands gently on Bucky's head, tucking his growing hair behind his ears to get a better view of his face. He felt the round head of Bucky's cock probe at his hole, and he held his breath. He had never been so ready for anything in his entire life.
Some members murmured among themselves. They seemed to come to a consensus way quicker than he'd have ever credited to a bureaucratic body. One member spoke up on their behalf. “We concede that James Buchanan Barnes has an alibi. This presents an equally serious matter, however, for we do not concede this as proof that he was not involved. After being missing for years, it is quite the coincidence that he resurfaced just in time to require that his location is accounted for.”
Vision came up to the door and just phased his face through to see what was going on. When he emerged, he said, “The tactical team and all four security guards are on the floor. They appear to be dead. The Winter Soldiers are just standing at the front of the chamber, unarmed. None of the politicians appear to be injured.”
Tony left the room immediately and could be seen making a call on his phone. Everyone except Bucky and Wanda stood from their chairs and talked over each other while responding to Ross.
The rest of the team dwelled, though. Every one of them stared at Tony from the corner of their eyes, as if they thought they were being subtle.
equation where Steve picks me over you. I know it seems like it's up to Steve, but he'll pick you, so that means it's your choice. Now, I don't want to lose him.” Tony knew he was basically begging. “But more importantly to you,
“Hey, Ross, my buddy Matt wants to talk to you for a second,” he announced obnoxiously. He tossed his phone carelessly onto the conference table, and before Ross could ask who the fuck 'his buddy Matt' was, out of the phone popped a ½ scale 3D hologram of the President of the United States, Matthew Ellis.
Even Steve laughed at that one. The party was broken up by a knock at the door. Steve hustled to answer it.
Tony couldn't have that. “Oh, we're not done. Because you see, you should be grateful to me, too. There's no one here to stop me from cutting off your fingers... or your eyelids... or your dick. That's my gift to you: I will graciously allow you to keep your body parts. But if you ever,” he got as close to the Commander's face as he could without touching and emphasized, “
Bucky looked at his hand, then looked at Tony, who'd moved aside to give him access. At Tony's encouraging nod, Bucky leaned slightly across the table and took Ross's hand.
Steve's eyes widened, and he made a little strangled noise and squirmed. He breathlessly warned, “If you're not careful, we'll be done before we even get started.”
Tony stayed on the helipad. “You guys go ahead,” he said. “I have some business to take care of; I should be home before dark.” He hugged Steve. Steve even kissed him delicately on the lips despite his discomfort with PDA, pleasantly surprising the crap out of Tony.
“Jesus H. Christ,” Clint exclaimed over his breakfast, mirroring everyone's feelings about the situation.
First, there was the matter of the backpay that Bucky was due. His official status with the military was seventy years of being a POW followed by two years being missing in action. Federal policy dictated that the United States government owed him his Sergeant salary for the duration, and Tony's lawyers made sure they adjusted for inflation. Bucky was looking at over two million dollars, probably in a few weeks or a month.
“So if you know what's good for you, you'll stand down.” Agent Ross started walking back to the door. “Order takeout,” he suggested. He opened the door and stepped outside. Before he closed the door, he finished, “Watch a movie.”
After accepting the kiss, Tony realized how late it had gotten and started wrapping up what he was doing. “We've been bonding.”
Once Bucky was naked, his next step was to climb on top of Steve, but as soon as he was on the bed, Steve pulled Bucky on top of him. Steve wrapped his arms around Bucky's shoulders and hooked his legs around the backs of Bucky's thighs like some kind of impatient, horny octopus.
Bucky followed him, curiosity winning over fury. He wound up standing slightly behind Tony and Steve as Tony confronted the Secretary of State.
T'Challa was unfazed by the threat of a massive brawl. “Anyone who would like to be bludgeoned by a black man wielding a metal sex toy, and then spend twenty years in an African prison, has but to ask,” he challenged the tac team, waving the bloodied dildo in the air.
Natasha put her phone away and joined Tony in the cockpit. “Seeing as Steve's not mad, I do have a question: what'd you invent?”
Steve snuggled in closer to Bucky, his breath hot on the side of Bucky's neck. “I'm not ready to be done. I love how you feel inside me.”
Once it was hard and slick enough, Steve went from kneeling between Bucky's thighs to straddling his hips. He leaned down as if he were going to kiss Bucky's lips, but he stopped short. They shared the air an inch apart, breaths merging in hot little anticipatory gasps. Steve braced his right hand on the headboard and pushed back slightly until he felt the head of Bucky's penis against his underside. He shifted slightly so that it was lined up properly, then pushed back the rest of the way so that Bucky was fully inside of him.
Tony stayed with Wanda and Bucky at the bottom of the ramp until Steve was out of sight, then he covered his mouth to muffle a snicker. “You two should be ashamed of yourselves!” he lectured as loudly and sternly as he could. He muffled another snicker. “This has been really hard on him!”
Bucky stood so quickly from his chair that it was violently flung into the wall behind him, cracking the smart glass and silencing the room. He stared down Secretary Ross, clenching and unclenching his metal fist at his side and breathing heavily through his nose. His menacing body language was somewhat undermined by his Captain America pajama set and the feminine side braid that Natasha had done for him.
Steve and Tony lingered by the door while the drone showed Bucky around and explained the suite's high-tech automated features. “Do you really think you need to wear your suit?” Steve asked.
It was a short-ish middle-aged white man with graying blond hair and wearing a gray suit and navy blue tie. He showed Steve a badge and identification card as he introduced himself. “Agent Everett Ross, CIA. I'm here regarding the mission to apprehend the Winter Soldiers in Siberia.” His words were respectful, but his tone of voice and facial expression radiated this attitude that Steve didn't care for.
Within a few hours of the bombing, Steve, Sam, and Clint landed at the UN building, fully-suited, and met up with the rest of the team. Steve handed off the suits FRIDAY had sent with them for Tony and Rhodey and asked for a situation report, preferring to get straight to work. As much as Tony would have liked a hug and a kiss from his fiancé, Steve made it clear a while back that he was uncomfortable with public displays of affection when they were in professional situations.
Wanda promised to watch out for Bucky. Steve thanked her and caught up with Sam and Clint. Then, the three of them left for Vienna, leaving Wanda and Bucky alone at the compound.
Bucky sighed. “The most elite death squad: more kills than anyone in the HYDRA history, and that was before the serum. They speak thirty languages, can hide in plain sight, infiltrate, assassinate, destabilize... they can take a whole country down in one night. You'd never see them coming.”
“Mr. Stark has already determined you to be free of sexually transmitted infections,” FRIDAY chirped helpfully.
A few emotions rapidly made their way across Steve's face. First confusion, then surprise, then indignation. “Oh God, Tony! Every time. Every time I think you're....” Steve trailed off, unable to finish the sentence as Tony was shaking his head. “So it turns out
Bucky fiddled with the new bracelet on his metal left wrist as he stared at Wanda. “Yeah,” he agreed hesitantly. “It's worth a try. And I trust her.”
Steve, who was aware of how naked he and Bucky were and the position they were in, was immediately anxious. Tony suggesting that Steve pursue a relationship with both him and Bucky was one thing, but walking in on this scene was something else. He watched Tony as he appeared on his left and sat on the edge of the bed. Bucky's bed. Where Bucky was holding Steve... and they were naked... and Bucky was kissing his neck.
It was just force of habit that made him quip, “Only if I ask nicely,” with a wink. He was pleased at the spattering of laughs he earned until he got a look at Steve, mouth agape in a sadly betrayed expression. “Shit,” he muttered, realizing he fucked up. “I'm kidding. I take it back. Where are you getting this?”
“Why?” Tony asked. “I told you I wouldn't be. And I knew you needed this. The way I figure, you two are gonna screw each other's brains out for a couple of months before the three of us can settle into a more equitable schedule.” He leaned forward to kiss Steve, but Bucky's metal hand was suddenly covering Steve's mouth. Tony looked at Bucky, who was staring him down. Tony didn't care. He called Bucky's bluff and leaned in anyway, kissing the back of Bucky's knuckle right over Steve's lips. “Hey, Manchurian Candidate, you can stand down, alright? We're supposed to be a throuple here.”
Tony smiled sadly at his fiancé. “You'd have married him, if you could have. Correct me if I'm wrong, which, you know, I'm not.” Tony gave Steve the chance to argue, then continued. “You had something of a life together in the thirties and forties, but at the time, you weren't really allowed. Then he died, then you died, then you woke up and he was still dead. Then two years ago you find out he's not dead, but his mind wasn't right. And now his mind is healing and he finally remembers he loves you, and you could even marry him if you want to, and... I'm all that's left standing in your way.”
Bucky was surprised; Steve was not. Steve had received a similar, though larger, backpay check shortly after he woke up from the ice.
“You're Steve. I read about you in a museum.” Bucky's voice was flat, but his face betrayed his emotional state. He looked at Steve as he spoke to him but didn't meet his eyes.
Tony looked at the photos. The first one he recognized easily. It was from that day at the UN when he'd accidentally broadcast a private discussion internationally. Steve was as angry as Tony had ever seen him, and Tony himself? He looked terrified. He sighed and showed for the record what image was being referenced. “Some of you may remember this from a couple weeks ago. I admit I look scared in this picture, but at no point was I afraid that he'd physically harm me. I was afraid he'd dump me, which would actually be worse.” He started flipping through the rest of the photos. Mostly, they were just images of him with visible bruises. “Am I supposed to be looking at suspicious bruises here? Do I need to remind you that I'm a superhero?”
The next morning, the entire team, plus Bucky, was assembled at the conference room table to continue their discussion regarding the Sokovia Accords. Tony stood up at the head of the table and addressed everyone. “Before we open the floor to discussion, I have three very important points to make.”
Tony finished putting away his supplies and stood to leave. “It's funny because 'obnoxious jackass' was Steve's first pet name for me.” He kissed Steve on the cheek. “We should be back in a few days. Don't do anything I wouldn't do,” he added with a wink, then he left.
Now that that was handled, and he had a better understanding of the people he was dealing with, Steve took a good look at how their seats were arranged. The fourth member of their team that was in the front row, on the other side of T'Challa in the position of importance closest to the center of the room, was Clint. Behind him was Tony, as far as he could get from Steve. Next to Tony was Vision, then Sam and Rhodey at the table behind him. The look on their faces showed that they'd figured it out, too.
The UN appointed Ruth Bat Seraph, a female ex-Mossad agent, and Shang-Chi, a male Kung Fu expert who was the son and adversary of a notorious Chinese war criminal.
Natasha stopped Bucky outside the jet, Steve and Tony at her side. “Probably best to stay away from him,” she said, showing him the book. “I think he knows the words.” Clearly, she'd already explained the words to Steve and Tony.
of that. That's what the Wakandan king thought. He announced that he and the Avengers were retiring for the night, leaving the tac team to plan to recover the Winter Soldiers as they saw fit.
“The tac team just came back. It seems they're using the code words to control the Winter Soldiers and are bringing them into the UN so they can ask the UN if they can add them to their team.”
Steve stopped in his tracks. He wasn't used to being overruled; he didn't like it. “Excuse me?” he demanded.
“No, he hasn't said so, no,” Tony agreed. “The idea of non-monogamy as anything other than 'cheating' is new to him, conflicts with what he's understood all his life to be proper social order. He feels guilty for loving both of us. But Steve's nothing if not adaptable, and he has an incentive to adapt, doesn't he? All he's wanted since 1944 is to have you back in his life, but if you'll notice, he hasn't smiled once since you arrived. You know why? It's because he believes he's going to have to lose one of us to keep the other. It's Sophie's choice. You, and only you, have the power to save him from having to make that choice.”
Bucky also understood that this was all going to happen quickly in order to be done on time. Full of new information and plenty of anxiety, Bucky went off with Steve so they could read the updated Sokovia Accords like everyone else.
, but the unmistakable sting in his behind confirmed that the tac team's Commander had, in fact, smacked his ass. It took him just a moment to process this horrible, ridiculous situation he found himself in. He heard the Commander laugh about how his backside was so taut that no wonder it could break fingers. In the meantime, the flush of his skin was growing with his humiliation and anger.
Tony had one more thing to say before he left Steve and Bucky alone, but struggled to find the right way to say it. “Hon?”
The bathroom door opened, and Bucky walked through it naked. “What's wrong?” He must have sensed the anxiety in Steve's voice.
Tony got in the Commander's face again. “You know how many layers of redundant security go into hiding a man like yourself. I want you to think about how easy it was for me to find you. How easy it was for me to walk in here, unimpeded, and inject whatever I want into your worthless body. That could have been anything. Ricin. Cyanide. Potassium. Insulin. Lye. Just a shit ton of assorted bacteria. HIV.” Tony smiled. Then he chuckled. He hated this man and was having a great time watching him suffer... and the drug hadn't even kicked in yet.
Bucky's expression was unreadable, but Steve's jaw dropped as if he'd been hurt. He seemed like he was about to say something.
Steve smiled and glanced at Tony. No, he did have to give them the book. He was sure it was a trap, though. The Commander may have held his hand out, but his elbow was still tucked in at his side, forcing Steve to walk to him to deliver the book. Now, he could set the book on the table. Hell, he could throw it at his head, which is what he wanted to do. One day they'd see each other again, and Steve or one or
Tony raised a pointed finger as if he were going to argue. But then he shut his mouth and lowered his hand. “So that is a fair point, but I am certain that no one is eavesdropping. I promise.”
He wore a disguise that included a high-tech facial prosthesis, a fair-colored wig, scrubs, and a lab coat. His lab coat bore a forged badge that identified him as the hospital employee his research suggested would be least likely to be recognized or stopped.
“By the way,” Tony remembered to mention, “I invited the King of Wakanda to join us until we caught the bomber.”
“Two: you shouldn't bring these matters up in front of the suspected abuser. It's not safe. Abusers are irrational and violent. You might think that would make for an instant viral video, but anyone in the vicinity could be in danger, including yourself. No more questions, thank you.”
All seven of them headed inside to see what was going on. For some reason, they were still using the same room they'd been in during the blast, and it was a mess. All the windows were just gone, and there was broken glass all over the floor. Prince T'Challa – or, King T'Challa now, was staring at a spot of blood staining the carpet. Techs were combing through the room to collect evidence before anything could be cleaned up. A screen had been lowered in order to broadcast the surveillance image that had been discovered.
Bucky maneuvered them to the side of his bed, then turned and pushed Steve onto it. He got to work wresting Steve's boots from his feet. He carelessly tossed Steve's socks behind him, then grabbed both pant legs and started to pull.
Bucky squinted at Steve. “More than seventy-two years? I don't need more time, Steve; I just need you.”
Steve let his murderous gaze linger for just a moment longer on the Commander before meeting T'Challa's eye. T'Challa nodded slightly, and Steve found that he trusted him to do as he said. Steve decided to give T'Challa a chance. He backed up slowly, then stood there a few feet away with his arms crossed and his eyes fixed on the Commander.
Even though it was mostly Steve's effort, Bucky felt pretty self-satisfied with how much more time they spent having sex than those frantic twelve seconds. “How long was
Natasha stopped fiddling with her phone in order to watch the disaster that she expected would unfold in front of her. Steve looked at Tony. He still had that look on his face, only now it was directed at Tony.
“I gotta call Bucky and Wanda, let them know what's going on,” Steve announced, prompting Tony to give him enough space to sit up and collect his phone from the coffee table. He made the call.
. Instead of telling us what to do via a panel, they'll send two representatives to join the team as full-fledged Avengers. Their representatives will be responsible for knowing all the UN and Accords rules, and the two of them together may veto team decisions on the UN's behalf.
Bucky's whole body startled. “Ahhhh,” he exclaimed in surprise. When he recovered his faculties, he looked down at Steve. “You use your mouth now, huh?”
Everybody in the room turned their attention from the Accords to watch the screen. Tony only saw the look of shock, horror, and relief on Steve's face for about a blink of an eye before the larger man was a blur, leaving random pages of paper to flutter violently in the air in his wake. It was easy for Tony to forget how damn fast Steve was when he was relaxing at home in civilian clothes, and then this happens, and he's reminded that he's engaged to Sonic the Hedgehog.
“I would be, by conventional social standards. But I can't be that thing, Steve, that stops you when you're two feet from the happiness that's been just out of reach for nearly a century. I don't want to cause you any more grief than my personality naturally does.”
“That's probably because I'm not inside you,” Bucky pointed out. He was kneeling behind Steve by then. He placed a hand on Steve's tense back. Something about this felt wrong. Bucky's sex drive was much higher than Steve's; they'd never been in the situation where Steve wanted sex and Bucky didn't. Beyond that, though, was how Steve was acting.
Backpay aside, Tony's and Ellis's plan was going to require some quid pro quo. There would be evaluations by mental health professionals and debriefings by intelligence officers from various organizations. Of course there would. He had to allow Tony and a team of the world's foremost prosthesis designers to study his metal arm; despite being created in the 1940s, it was the most advanced artificial arm on the planet. Being able to recreate its functionality would greatly improve the lives of many people who are missing limbs.
the man in the photo for two reasons,” he announced. “First, he escaped Hydra two years ago and has not been under their control since that time. Second, this photo is time-stamped early this morning, but Sergeant Barnes has been at the Avengers compound in upstate New York for the past two days. Barnes and I were in my lab when this photo was taken, and I can prove it with footage from the compound.” Tony took over the screen with more difficulty than that time he took over the screens at his congressional hearing regarding his Iron Man suits. It flickered and lagged at first. He chalked it up to differences between his and European programming styles.
“He's right,” Agent Ross agreed. “The details are moot because they just left for Siberia without you. They said they didn't trust you guys to have their backs.”
Steve didn't suffer from insomnia; he just didn't get tired as quickly as normal people and slept a full night every third night. This was Steve's night to sleep. Tony said he'd be alright by himself without Steve's help, and Steve and Bucky fell asleep in Bucky's bed together.
“Second, it allows different countries to give us more or less latitude. We're US-based, and President Ellis is a big fan since I... you know... saved his life. Our operations stateside are not likely to be affected. Wakanda... well, they're reclusive, anyways, so let's not take it personally if they don't want us there at all. Most countries will fall somewhere in the middle.
Tony wasn't laughing out loud. This sucked, and Bucky wasn't funny. He returned his attention to the UN. “As you can see, Sergeant Barnes has an alibi for the time the photo was taken. He's obviously being framed.”
Seven Avengers and King T'Challa strode purposefully down the Quinjet ramp at the UN headquarters in Vienna with their prisoner, Colonel Helmut Zemo, in tow. Steve and Tony led the procession through the main doors off the helipad, where they met their assigned contact.
Tony reentered the room and caught Bucky before he got out. “You're gonna wanna see this; trust me.” He winked at Bucky and walked up to the table to the right of Steve.
Their contact informed them, “I will be waiting just outside to show you to your suite after the briefing.”
“You will have to excuse us if we aren't comfortable relying on your government's word that a previous Hydra agent, willing or not, is safe to be amongst our civilian populations. We must send our own investigators.”
“He didn't- It's not like he grabbed me, alright? It was a slap. Guy was all palm. You're not going to find any prints.”
Steve shook his head. He was uncomfortable with Tony's application of the phrase 'sexual assault,' and he didn't disagree with Tony's view of the Commander being a potential sexual predator. But the team's habit of making unilateral decisions without input from the world got them in this mess. “I get that he's dangerous, but that doesn't mean his identity isn't classified by the UN. If you want to make an issue out of this, you need to go through the proper channels, or else you risk the team and everything we could accomplish. The answer is no, Tony, now delete that,” he waved his hand in the general direction of Tony's phone, “information you scanned.”
He peeked at his teammates from the corner of his eye. Tony was leaning forward like he wanted to stand, but Vision had a hand on his shoulder. Everyone was looking at him. They knew that look in his eye, and he recognized theirs: the “we came here to keep the peace, but now we have to watch Steve mow down a dozen elite United Nations commandos” look. It was a new look, but he could tell. He cracked his neck to the left. He cracked his neck to the right. Someone shouted, “Steve, no!” but it fell on deaf ears as he turned back around, stood toe-to-toe with the tac team's Commander, and got in his face.
“One: Steve would never, ever harm me if he didn't really have to. I won't speculate on what it would take, but the circumstances would have to be extreme to say the least.
.” He leaned toward Natasha and spoke softly. “And I will see to it that this,” he indicated the iron dildo in front of him, “is dealt with, Ms. Romanoff.”
Everybody looked at Clint. Natasha was the last one to check in. Several anxious seconds went by before his phone chirped and he announced, “Tasha's fine.”
“Yeah.” Bucky pulled out his new Avengers cell phone and was just about to do what Tony asked when the three of them started to head back into the Quinjet. He dropped the phone, lunged forward, and caught Natasha by the forearm that was attached to the Winter Soldier manual. “
Steve nodded. Despite the fact that a successful mission supported the tac team's decision to leave the Avengers in Vienna, Steve had hoped for his fears to be unfounded. “Good. Do their restraints appear secure? Any idea what the UN plans to do with them?”
Tony just shook his head and dismissed their attention with a short wave of his hand, his rational mind prevailing over what everyone expected would be an emotional response. “Better bring it inside,” Tony told Steve and Bucky. “Last thing we need is some looky-loo with a drone or helicopter leaking this to the press.”
“While I believe that Sergeant Barnes is most likely innocent, I believe that the Avengers will identify the man who murdered my father sooner rather than later. I would like to accompany your team until he is caught.”
Bucky moved out and in again and again, attempting to find a rhythm. Steve couldn't hold on for more than seven thrusts before he was cumming even sooner than expected, and Bucky followed suit one thrust later. Bucky collapsed in a heap on top of Steve, the two of them devolving into giggles in seconds. Bucky rolled off of Steve, and they recovered from their laughter.
,” he instructed FRIDAY. But the connection was still tenuous, and it didn't mute. He heard Bucky start to laugh. He didn't remember exactly what Bucky was going to say next, but he knew it wasn't good, and he desperately repeated, “
Vision phased through the exterior wall and landed on the carpet. He had an update. “Captain, the tactical team has returned with the Winter Soldiers.”
,'” Tony answered. “Especially now that Bucky's back to save Steve from a lifetime of adequate sex.”
Bucky agreed to both requests. He sat at the table while Tony inspected his arm and chatted with him for a few hours. Bucky found that Tony had some very irritating qualities and some actually endearing qualities. He was surprised that Steve would marry someone as shamelessly crude as Tony could be. On the other hand, he took Bucky's attitude in stride when Bucky felt like being a little shit. That would be important in their future relationship.
When he showed them the book, Natasha joined him to summarize the content of the book. She returned to her seat immediately after.
They were being ranked by some arbitrary desirability index similar to what he'd experienced in Nazi Germany: you had the straight white man, literal royalty, an attractive white woman, a couple of “gays” – separated, of course – then a non-human and the two black guys. Steve reminded himself to keep his cool. He knew attitudes like this were still abundant, but he expected better of an organization like the United Nations. He figured that this team must have been very good at what they did in order for their attitude to be tolerated.
Everyone in the room gaped in shock. The tactical team stood, prepared to defend their Commander. Then the Avengers stood, prepared to back up T'Challa, even Tony and Rhodey, whose suits were still in the Quinjet.
The sentence reverberated in Steve's head. He dropped the phone and practically leapt from the couch in his haste. “The code words don't work on them,” he told his team. “They're faking. Suit up; maybe we can prevent a bloodbath.”
Natasha looked at Steve, not remotely embarrassed at the subject matter. “That's it, right? Every now and then you just need a...” she paused to phrase it delicately, “taste.” Despite her effort, Steve blushed and broke eye contact. “You hide it from Tony because you don't want to remind him that he can't satisfy you.”
“But not good enough to take at face value. The UN needs to interrogate him to be certain he is not a threat.”
Inside the building, Steve noticed a flurry of activity that wasn't there a few minutes prior. One of Tony's drones approached them and greeted Bucky in FRIDAY's voice. “Welcome to the Avengers Compound, Sergeant Barnes. Allow me to show you to your quarters.” It gestured toward the compound's living area where all their rooms were located.
And today? Well, the international news broadcast that he really enjoys receiving anal sex and that the serum has rendered his muscles so strong that it's unsafe for him to do so. Maybe life was telling him it was time to shed his hangups. He couldn't see himself telling Jimmy Kimmel or Conan O'Brien in front of a live studio audience the details of the time he 'almost broke [Tony's] dick off,' as Tony had so eloquently put it. But these were his closest friends. If there was going to be a place to start, it was with these people. “You wanna go there? Fine. No, Clint, I wasn't
“There's an emergency,” Steve explained calmly, despite the urgent situation. “Our intel suggests that the Winter Soldiers are faking being controlled.”
“You could say that the code words function as a restraint,” Vision argued, “but yes, that's otherwise accurate.”
“We are still trying to figure out how this happened,” their contact admitted. “In the meantime, our tactical team is waiting for your briefing.” Some UN personnel collected their prisoner, and their contact led them to the team's command center. It reminded them of a SHIELD control room.
The Accords were finalized the second week of May. Likely thanks to the Avengers' role saving the UN members from the Winter Soldiers, the version of the Accords that was ratified was even more lenient than the one Tony had written.
The Commander still had that shitty smile on his face, but he did move on. “Mr. Barton, would you care to tell us what you know?”
Vision said, “I suspect if you ask nicely, Sergeant Barnes could actually improve the state of national security.”
Steve started to turn to see, but Tony stilled him with a hand on his hip. Tony was crouching behind him, holding his phone maybe a foot from his butt. “What
Tony threw his disguise back on, collected his tech, and left. Once outside the building, he texted Steve that he was on his way. Then he got into his Iron Man suit and flew home, confident that the Commander was too proud to complain about what he'd done.
