my wife.”
The Chief raises his eyebrows, brings his cigarette to his lips, inhales. Exhales.
“Little bit,” Sherlock breathes, in between moans. “
“Those words, John. Those pretentious sentiments...they were the arrogant ramblings of a posh, ignorant twat, the clueless declarations of a sheltered fool.
Sherlock leans forward, peering closely at the corpse. “We can only do a cursory examination here, obviously. If we find evidence indicating homicide, we’ll call Lestrade and have the body taken to Bart’s for a full autopsy.”
Sherlock hasn’t bathed in thirty-six hours, at least. The scent of his body is strong and sharp, but far from being unpleasant, it lights up something bright and fierce in John’s limbic system. A strong wave of powerful emotion wells up in him, a tangled mix of protectiveness and caring and fierce, tender devotion.
,” Sherlock echoes, quirking an eyebrow.
“I want you to hurt me,” John breathes in between moans. “I like when it hurts. It feels so, oh, oh,
Miles of nothing. Acres of nothing. An eternity of nothing.
John opens the door, enters, closes, leans against it for a long moment. Trying to pull himself together. He hangs his jacket on the coatrack, fumbling with thick numbed fingers, almost dropping it. He walks slowly, deliberately, into the sitting room.
“That reminds me.” John opens the refrigerator, pulls out a bottle of water, hands it to Sherlock. “Work on that while I’m using the bathroom.”
Sherlock answers by kissing him back, fiercely, cupping his hand around the base of his skull as their mouths grow wet and sloppy with urgent need. Sherlock’s other hand snakes around his waist, holding him protectively; he steps back, pulling john with him, turning them around, using his larger frame to maneuver them the few steps across the small room, until the back of John’s knees hit the edge of the bed. In an unexpectedly assertive gesture, Sherlock grasps the lapels of his jacket, tugging it off his shoulders and peeling it away before placing the palms of his hands flat against his chest and pushing him gently but insistently back onto the bed. John enthusiastically acquiesces, scratchy polyester comforter at his back, pulling Sherlock down to half-sprawling on top of him.
The angle is awkward, Sherlock clearly inexperienced, but his fumbling, desperate hunger only amplifies John’s fierce need, and he groans as he thrusts into the dry roughness of Sherlock’s hand. It takes less than a dozen strokes for his balls to draw up, the tension in his belly winding up tightly as his pleasure crests and breaks. He comes with a guttural cry, sweet bliss coursing through every nerve as his body pulses and spills and the sensation of wet warmth spreads, cooling rapidly inside of his trousers.
“He really is,” Sherlock offers, which earns him a halfhearted kick in the shins from John. He flashes him a mischievous grin in reply.
“And things got heated,” John said. “Adam Kravitz may have family money, but it’s not ‘I can pull another million dollars out of my arse’ money.”
Sherlock looks up at him, uncertainty and concern furrowing his brow. “John. Are you certain? You said you didn’t want to --”
He rolls her onto her left side as she moans in pain. Her coat makes the injury difficult to find--the crimson wool makes blood almost impossible to see, especially in this low light-- but soon he finds the round holes in the sleeve, just below her elbow.
“Yes.”
John sighs and rolls his eyes, then pauses. He reconsiders, viewing Sherlock's request in light of all they’ve been through.
Well, for the first few days.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, but no. I’ll just be on my way home, I think.”
“The erection, mostly.”
“I don’t like queers," Stewart spits, bringing his animus into the wide open. “I don’t want to live with them, I don’t want to serve with them, and I sure as fuck don’t want to sit here and drink with them.”
he would have hightailed it out of there hours ago despite the fact that NSY is actually paying them for once) and the clock hands seem stuck in invisible molasses as the late afternoon agonizingly winds its way to evening.
“What’s all that, then?”
John dips his head, kisses the hollow of his pelvis. “You’ve got me, love,” he murmurs, opening the bottle cap one-handed, tipping a generous amount of lube into his palm. Sherlock watches him slick his fingers, bring them up to gently brush his perineum. Sherlock closes his eyes against the onslaught of sensation as John’s slippery fingers circle his entrance, coaxing, caressing. He feels the gentle pressure as John seeks entrance and breathes out, relaxes, and lets the finger slip into his body. It’s been so long, so very long, and he can’t help but tense and whimper at the sensation of intrusion.
the marks John leaves on him, the more spectacular the better, and he knows he’ll spend the better part of a week admiring his bruised and sore nipples, even pinching them covertly to make the ache flare up, a visceral reminder of the way the heavy chain bounced against his chest, tightening the clamps every time John thrust up into him. He’ll treasure those marks, and he’ll be begging John to give him new ones well before they even begin to fade.
“You,” John breathes. “You’re amazing, you’re beautiful. I want you, God, I want you so much.” He’s babbling now, mind unmoored by lust and friction, words and feelings he’s never even considered before spilling out unbidden. “I’ll keep you forever. We’ll run away. We’ll run away up north and they won’t find us. We’ll be together, always.”
“You hated the moustache,” John points out.
“Do you remember your safeword?” John asks.
Sherlock’s arms tighten around him
“So,” Mycroft snaps frostily. “You
--could be very useful in a future case, and the task may be just interesting enough to distract him from thinking about John for at least a little while.
“Okay?” John asks.
“This is
Sherlock briefly checks Mary and then comes to kneel next to John, produces a pocket knife and makes quick work of the ropes.
John sighs, but he’s a man of his word, and he hands the tenner over to the kid.
They’re halfway to Philadelphia, the baby sleeping soundly in her properly-secured car seat.
“I’m wonderful,” Sherlock murmurs, his voice deep and raspy from exertion.
“Pint of Carling,” Sherlock murmurs. “Disappointing plate of undercooked chips and tinned gravy. Not your usual. Comfort food. Why did you need comforting?” His eyes scan across John’s shoulders, down his body. “Further away than walking distance. You came home in a cab, when generally you’d avoid the expense. Was it because you forgot your jacket? Where did you go, and how did you end up so far from…ohhhhhh.” He straightens, steps away, his eyes narrowing in tightly-reined anger.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John says quietly.
Late that evening, alone with his third drink, John’s acquired enough liquid courage to send a text.
“That actually sounds lovely,” he says, and is shocked by the fact that he means it. “I’ll ask John about it.”
, thinks John.
Katie Kravitz appears in the open archway at the far end of the room.
, he tells himself. Just in case he needs to get in touch, needs Sherlock to track down more information.
He rummages in the tangled bedclothes, finds the lube, flips the cap and slicks the fingers of his left hand, slipping them behind his bollocks, pressing first against his perineum then circling his entrance while his other hand wraps around Sherlock’s prick, bringing it to his mouth. He swirls his tongue around the wet purpling head, licking at the slit, welcoming the bitter salty taste of him as his finger teases against his opening, pressing inward, seeking entrance.
John climbs back through the window, makes his way carefully down the steps, kicks off his pants and slides back into the still-warm bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock is curled up sideways on the foldout sleeper, thin hospital pillow under his head, phone in hand, scrolling listlessly. He looks up as the door opens, fixes the RN with a brief, blank, chilly gaze before returning his attention to the small screen in front of him.
He’s stomping and rolling his eyes as Sherlock drags him into New Scotland Yard.
“Because you want to know, don’t you?” Sherlock’s voice is still low and quiet but his tone goes just a shade harsher, a shade more accusatory. “Some part of you wants to know the lurid details, the physical reality of what was done to me, the blood and the sweat and flesh and the violence of it all. Some part of you wants to picture it, and I know that horrifies you, because you’re a good person and you care about me, so you try desperately to shut it down, push it away. But the harder you try, the bigger that blank space grows.
Sherlock bobs his tousled head. “It did indeed,” he admits. “The change in pain perception during arousal is always surprising to me. The shift is shockingly profound.”
“And I promise to follow up with my doctor.”
“Oh, no you are not,” John states flatly without turning back around. “Take that outside.”
Sherlock nods, huffs a tiny chuckle as he pulls John into him, walks them backwards, shuffling them clumsily to the unmade bed until the backs of his knees touch the mattress then tumbling both of them into it, landing gracelessly on his back as John ends up sprawled inelegantly on top of him. With a grunt John rights himself, throwing a leg over Sherlock’s hips, leveraging himself up onto his knees and elbows.
Sherlock’s brother has never before voiced this level of regard, and John is speechless for a moment.
“All right,” Sherlock replies softly.
“Grab hold of the headboard,” John tells him, and slides down the bed just a little more.
“Detective Brandon Figueroa,” says the young man, thrusting out a hand as he steps forward. His face is narrow and serious, his eyes sharp and intelligent. “I have some questions for you, sir.”
He listens to his fiancé-
Here in America, so far from England and home and everything familiar, someone recognizing him and getting weird over it feels a bit like an out of body experience.
“I’m looking forward to seeing you, too!” Patricia replies. “And you too, of course, Mister Holmes.”
“Must be expensive,” John says.
"Perfect," John says, his voice dark and hard. “Now you can make all the noise you want without bothering me.” He grabs Sherlock’s head, pushes his right cheek firmly to the mattress. slaps the side of his hip. "Arse up, pet." Breathing hard through his nose, Sherlock complies. John slips his denim clad knee in between Sherlock’s bare legs, nudges them wider apart, takes in the breathtaking sight of him like this, spread wide and vulnerable, the thin strip of black lace pulled tight against his hole. John sighs, sinking his fingers into the soft supple flesh of his arse, kneading and squeezing, reveling in the warm plush feel of it under his fingers.
“How can I make you a promise I literally can’t keep?” John asks. “And I know you, you’ll hold me to it. I’ll be ninety-five and you’ll be at my bedside, yelling at me for shuffling off the mortal coil.”
He calls Mary. Invites her to Christmas.
Sherlock nods, face grave. “I understand, Nurse,” he says in his Best Behavior voice, showing her more respect than he’s yet shown any other of John’s caregivers. “I will do everything within my power to keep him well.”
John is napping in the chair next to his bed. “Hmm?” he mutters, shaking his head to rouse himself.
Sherlock knows exactly what John can do for him. “Budge over a little,” he says.
“I’m home to stay,” John replies.
The med-surg unit isn’t
After a moment of surprise John chuckles, and despite the mildness of his demeanour this morning, there’s an undeniable undercurrent of something delicious in the sound.
“How are you feeling?” she asks.
But the last straw was the condescending, falsely sickly-sweet smile of the office manager this afternoon as she asked him to take the weekend rotation no one else wanted because “The other doctors have families, and you, well,
Sherlock inhales deeply through his nose, and begins.
“It was an invitation I couldn’t possibly refuse,” he replies, cool and brusque despite his emotions.
that does him in, makes John’s chest tighten and his stomach lurch as the suspicion hardens into a black, cold certainty.
John grins up at him.
After a minute John sighs in resigned acceptance. The tight line of his shoulders loosens just a fraction. “Yeah. I get it. I do. I’m still angry with the bastard but yeah, I get it.”
Old men aren’t supposed to be thinking about that all the time. It’s not natural.” John fights to keep a straight face as he nods his agreement, thoughtfully spearing a slice of cucumber.)
“Do you know how sodding sick of you I am right now?” he says, low and dangerous, and as he says it he knows it’s the solid truth. As much as Sherlock means to him, as bone-deep and terrifying his feelings run for this impossible, infuriating, gorgeous man, right this moment if he looks into those wide, wounded silver-blue eyes for one more second he’s going to punch Sherlock in the face
“You’re gonna come so hard, aren’t you?” he rasps, fist pistoning up and down as he jerks hard at Sherlock’s cock. “I love to watch you come, that’s it, pretty pet, come for me, come for me now --”
John more-than-half expects Maria to shoot one or all of them in the back as they flee. She keeps her word, however, and does not take them down; the stairwell door crashes open then clangs shut, a loud metallic crash that echoes and reverberates in this large, empty space.
“Good,” John murmurs. Because I do wish.”
He’s becoming very good at this, very quickly.
“Just follow my lead,” Sherlock replies before exiting the car.
“That was...rather less satisfying than I hoped,” he admits.
He understands that better, now.
They kiss and touch each other for what feels like hours, slow and tender, learning each other, content to stay here in this moment and revel in this simple, newly permitted intimacy. Their bodies press against each other as their hands roam over new, uncharted terrain; both of them stay mostly hard, but the moment of hot urgency has passed, and they are content to leisurely rub and push against each other fully clothed, secure in knowing that there is no need to rush past this moment, that finally, at last, they have all the time in the world.
“No, that’s wonderful,”John says with sincerity. “Thanks.” He picks up the paracetamol and pops them in his mouth, takes the glass of water to chase them down, then sets the half-full glass back on the night table. Sherlock crosses to the window and closes the heavy blackout blinds, sinking the room into shadowy dimness.
“Give me that,” John snaps. Sherlock rolls his eyes but hands it over. John tears the paper in half, then half again, then grinds the tiny scraps under the heel of his work boot for good measure, mashing them into the wet pavement until the paper dissolves into pulpy shreds.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock straightens, grinning, his shy self-consciousness fading in the face of an opportunity to take the piss out of John. "I have seen porn, John,” Sherlock replies, tilting his head and quirking a sardonic eyebrow. “I am well aware of the mechanics of that particular act. And while your size is impressive, it’s not so far outside the norm it requires a warning label.”
“Something’s got your attention,” he observes.
Sherlock gives a huff of soft laughter and drops his head back to John’s chest, clearly not offended in the least.
“It’s very that nice you two are so happy together,” she says, her voice high and tight with indignation. “But there’s some activities that are to be kept in your flat. We will be having a very serious discussion tomorrow about appropriate behavior.”
John is quiet for a moment, considering.
“Then of course,” he says. “As long as I won’t be an inconvenience.”
“Okay,’ John says, wary, his stomach turning slightly sour.
“I’m fine,” John murmurs. “Sherlock, I’m fine. We’re fine. Everything’s all right.”
He thinks of desert stars, bright as jewels on black velvet. He thinks of dark matter, glowing nebulae, the dust debris of countless millennia coming together at last into something new and unformed and full of promise. He thinks of new stars forming, the intense heat and pressure leading to a moment of deuterium fusion, a flash of light in the dark corner of a distant galaxy.
They sit and eat in companionable silence for several minutes.
John can’t help but smile in fondness; then he looks down at the crimson-soaked towels wrapped around his arm, and the seriousness of the situation returns to him. “All right, I’m going to tell you exactly what you need to collect, and then you’re going to sew up my arm.”
“Yeah.” John is blushing furiously now, cheeks blazing. “It's just... you've never done anything like that before. It’s a bit of a leap. And, well.
“You’re going to wait for a call,” she tells them. “A gentleman named James will be getting in touch with you shortly."
Maria cocks a pencilled eyebrow.
“John,” Sherlock says, moving closer, close enough to place his hands on his chest and look down into his eyes. “You should know, you must know. I will always want you.” He brings long fingers up, brushes a fringe of soft hair off John’s forehead. “But I don’t want you to always feel so afraid of losing me. That’s a burden you shouldn’t have to carry.”
, his breath stuttering, his hips thrusting just slightly as he pushes against that wonderful, firm but yielding friction. He breaks the kiss, presses his mouth to Sherlock’s temple, inhales the intoxicating scent of his hair, spicy citrus with just the faintest trace of something muskier underneath.
So, in short: things are better and things are worse and it’s all incredibly painful and difficult, but the two of them endure, silently, as they always do.
“Ah, there you are.”
“Don’t you dare.”
“You know what your boss is involved in.”
The test subject on screen is male, blondish, oddly aged-looking with yellow, rabbity teeth. He looks dull and sad, somehow, a man who isn’t intelligent enough to get by in the world but aware enough to be wounded by the fact. He is clearly uncomfortable, anxious, fidgeting in his seat.
“We’ll play in a little bit,” Sherlock says. “I promise. But first, there’s someone I want you to meet.”
Then the pulse under his fingers jumps once, twice, and is gone. John is profoundly grateful to be spared that terrible decision.
“I took the liberty of purchasing your textbooks for you,” he says conversationally as he passes out copies of
When he wakes again, it’s to the sound of the front door opening. It's early evening, near full dusk, and Sherlock is carrying two white plastic shopping bags.
The spell temporarily broken, a moment of clarity suddenly washes over John, cold and sobering, a sudden awareness of the frank ridiculousness of this entire scenario. He looks down at his own body, feeling suddenly uncertain; he’s a middle aged man, with grey hair and creaky knees and a bad shoulder and something considerably less than a six pack and a ridiculous erection, stripping for his best friend-turned-almost-lover, in the middle of their cluttered sitting room on a Thursday afternoon--
“No, I’m fine,” John says, shaking his head and smiling. “It’s fine. It is. I’m just.” He gives a half-laugh, scrubs at his traitorous eyes.
“I know,” Sherlock murmurs, and he looks so sad for a moment that John is almost overwhelmed by the impulse to take one of those gloved hands in his own. It’s not the right time, though, not with the mess and disarray his life is in right now.
“There’s formula and bottles in the diaper bag. Tell her that I’m sorry. And that I love her. Lily was my mother’s name. I loved her, too. Take her and go.”
“I’m not angry, okay?” he says, although he is, God he is, he’s been angry for so many years he doesn’t even know how not to be angry anymore. “I mean, I’m not angry specifically at you. I just need... I just need to think about what I want to do next, okay?”
And if John sees the minute sway of his body as Sherlock stands, the slightest shake of his arms that indicate he may not be one hundred percent after spending five hours tied up in a refrigerator--well, he knows no one else would see Sherlock right now as anything other than a perfect machine, remote and untouchable despite being in only his pants. The truth of the person behind that facade, aching and cold and exhausted and more than a little afraid--well, John has been entrusted with that secret, and he will keep it safely in his heart forever.
and he’s so close--
The silence between the two men descends again, thick and oppressive, heavy with regret and doubt and terrible sadness.
John starts the water, tests the temperature, turns on the shower. He turns back to Sherlock, who’s still wearing the blank thousand-yard stare of someone who needs about a week of sleep.
“True,” Sherlock purrs. “But we never talked about me wanting to dive into yours, did we?”
“That’s not precisely what I meant,” sighs Sherlock. “It’s--when we do that, it’s simpler. I’m simpler. I feel things differently.” He cranes his head back to scowl at John. “You know this. Don’t be an idiot.”
“Installed in the wake of Travis’ escape, I’m certain,” mutters Sherlock.
“Oh my God, John,” Patricia gasps. She begins to cry in earnest. “Someone murdered Mister Johnson.”
“I swear if I can’t find the bloody thing I’m going to -- ah!”
“John."
Sherlock’s hand moves up again, the pad of his thumb brushing across John’s nipple. His touch is feather light at first, then circles back with more focused intent, causing John to bite back a gasp.
“Okay,” Sherlock says softly, then gives a small chuckle, barely a breath of air against his skin. “Bossy,” he murmurs, and then he’s pressing harder against his loosened opening with two slicked fingers, sliding inside so easily, and John arches his back and gasps a little at the feeling, tight and stretched but not really painful, exactly, just different, and as Sherlock pulls out and pushes back in again, careful, John can feel the potential there, the possibility of the hot strange discomfort shifting over into a deep, pulsing pressure, with just a little--
“You feel so good,” Sherlock murmurs, simple but utterly heartfelt.
There are cigarettes in the toe of the Persian slipper. Sherlock shakes one out, takes it into the kitchen, lights it off the hob.
Seb stares at the damp pavement, nudges a battered crisp wrapper with the toe of his boot. “I’m hungry, Molly,” he murmurs, looking up at her through long black eyelashes, beseeching.
“A little better,” John says, and it’s technically true, at least he’s not actively crying any longer and he can sort of breathe through his nose. He can’t help but give a small, self-conscious huff of deeply-ingrained embarrassment. “I’m sorry,” he adds, reflexively, before he can stop himself.
“I like honey.”
John breaks the kiss, pulls back slightly to look at him, eyes hooded with lust as he watches Sherlock’s wanton display. He smiles, dark and delicious.
“Couples on minibreak, trying to mend relationships...it happens much more frequently than people realize. An argument about an attractive coworker over the continental breakfast, tempers flare.”
“Nope,” Sherlock informs him loftily. “Some of it, I learned through my informal but very high-placed sources. The rest I saw in your manicure, the tattoo on your left wrist, the expensive veneers on your teeth, and the scar over your right eye.” He grins at Martinez, breaking his indifferent demeanor just for a moment, and John knows that grin like he knows the back of his own hand. It’s Sherlock’s grin of pure pleasure at doing what he does best, of being clever, of
“Okay, the occasional prawn. Whatever. The point is, it makes a difference. Also hydration. Smoking doesn’t help either.”
“It’s okay. Shh, it’s okay, you don’t have to. It’s fine.”
“That would be rather rude to a guest, I do think.”
Sherlock wiggles like a four year old. “Hurry up,” he whines. “I desperately need to piss.”
Sherlock tilts his head slightly in nonverbal query.
Sherlock looks back at him with the dawning panic of a man who’s just sawn off the very tree limb he’s been standing upon and is now treading thin air.
John can’t stop himself from reaching out to Sherlock, stroking his short dark hair with tender fingers, wishing for heavy curls underneath his palm. Sherlock snuffles and presses closer against John, seeking the comfort and contact he won’t allow himself when awake.
“Well, you didn’t need to sugarcoat it,” replies Sherlock.
“I want -- “ Sherlock exhales, shuddering with need and pleasure. “I want your cock. Oh, God. John. I want your cock.”
Sherlock’s mouth suddenly feels bone dry. As forward as he had been about his wishes, in this moment of truth he feels uncertain, horribly exposed and anxious.
Seeing himself like this, bound and submissive, thoroughly abused and fucked and yet still hard, still desperately needy, sends hot showering sparks of  arousal through Sherlock’s body. He shivers helplessly, a tiny whimper escaping his throat.
"Wouldn’t want to disappoint, then." John murmurs in reply, flicking on the torch.
“Hey. No. Listen to me.” John pulls at his hair, kindly but firmly, forcing Sherlock to turn his head and look at him. “I admire and respect you more than anyone else in the entire universe. Never for a second think otherwise.” He wipes the tears away with his thumbs, kisses Sherlock’s cool, damp forehead. “And I’m amazed and humbled that you trust me enough to let me see this part of you.”
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock. I would so much rather have talked to you, but in case you didn’t notice you’ve been freezing me out completely, it’s like the Arctic fucking Circle in here and--”
Sherlock falls silent.
“And all of that is true. Undoubtedly so. I am fully aware of those things, intellectually speaking. But knowing that doesn’t change a thing about the horror of experiencing physical pleasure at the hands of someone you loathe with every fibre of your being, someone who makes your very flesh want to crawl off your bones.”
“This is funny?” Sherlock asks archly.
“You have a strong moral code,” says Sherlock. “Strict distinctions between right and wrong. However, you cross the lines you yourself draw on a regular basis. You’ve killed people, and with adequate justification you feel little remorse, yet you’re a healer, you’re invested in helping people. You have an anger problem and a violent streak that you struggle to suppress. You enjoy dominance, much more so than you initially anticipated, and while hitting is one of your hard limits, you enjoy inflicting other types of pain and injury without qualm. You voice a strong negative reaction to impact play, yet your autonomic responses suggest intense arousal.”
The revelation is everything he ever wished for in the secret spaces of his heart and everything he feared he would never have, and the new awareness makes his heart pound, his head swim as his tongue eagerly explores the heat of Sherlock’s willing, welcoming mouth.
“Yes, dear,” John replies, arch but amused. He picks up his phone, takes pictures of the notebook sheets one by one, and sends the information to Lestrade.
And the truth at the heart of it all is this: He doesn’t want to know the details just for the sake of knowing; that terrible knowledge would be as sharp and cold as a knife in his heart, but even that pain, he thinks, would be a relief from the exquisite, endless hell of
Except the last one...well, that isn’t looking to be strictly true these days. He sees how Sherlock looks at him, sad and soft-eyed when he thinks no one is looking. He sees how careful Sherlock is now, how tender, his usual fussing and dramatics and name calling lacking even a hint of bite where John is concerned. He calls John an idiot with a smile in his voice and affection in his eyes.
Mycroft bares gleaming white incisors, but it’s not a smile. It’s the unmistakable vicious grin of an apex predator, and the sight would make a lesser man than John Watson cower in terror.
John’s smile is replaced by a look of worry, of fear. He crosses the garden, kneels down next to Sherlock. “I’m here, love. Don’t try to talk.”
With Sherlock’s assistance and patience, John steps into his pants, and Sherlock helps him pull them up to his hips.
(See the end of the chapter for
John follows suit, though he has a bit of a harder time of it, pardon the pun, as Sherlock’s request rattles around in his brain, the promise of it lurking just over the visible horizon, tugging insistently at his tired and somewhat hesitant, but still easily-roused carnal imagination.
“And Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson adds, in something closer to her normal voice. “I’m very glad to see you home safely. I was a bit worried.”
Sherlock nods, takes himself in hand, closes his eyes and presses his hips forward; for a moment, John feels the pressure against his entrance, then Sherlock gives a low, throaty moan as the head of his cock slips past the loosened ring of muscle, sinks in deeper than John’s fully ready for. Even relaxed, wet and prepped, it’s still much more than he’s yet experienced, and the burn and stretch of it makes him draw a sharp breath of surprise.
“My judgment is my own,” he informs Doctor Sheldon. “And I assure you I wouldn’t be doing this for anything other than a life or death situation.”
This unexpected kindness from this taciturn woman almost does John in. He swallows hard and nods, not trusting himself to speak.
to pick off whatever strange, numb scab has grown over the two of them. John wonders, he does, and he knows that would be utterly in character for Sherlock, ever the emotional game-player, but he just...can’t. He doesn’t know what to say, doesn’t know how to begin.
From outside the window an idling van driver honks the horn, loud and jolting, breaking the charged, intimate silence between them.
he had said,
Overwhelmed by emotion John presses forward to kiss Sherlock, bending him almost double as he smears messy kisses against his mouth, his face, his neck.
The loose group gathered round him seems genuinely confused by this information. Anger surging in his veins, John gives in to an impulse borne mostly of frustration and pulls the Glock, pointing it smoothly at the man who originally knocked him over.
He’s on his stomach, head turned to the side, neck at a funny angle. He tries to roll over, and every muscle in his back and legs (and shoulders, and arse, oh,
“And you need money to make money. So you required a new backer who was willing to invest in your...vision,” Sherlock spits, flat and disgusted.
As a uniformed constable escorts an unusually compliant Sherlock toward the questioning area further down the hall, Lestrade ushers John into a small, grey, windowless room. He shuts the door behind him with a soft click.
“Don’t switch it on unless I tell you to,” he instructs John and proceeds to pick the lock in the semi-dark purely by feel.
“Be safe, okay?” John says quietly. “And if you can’t be safe, then be brilliant.”
“Okay.”
John smiles, but there’s no mockery in it. “That makes the two of us, then.” He slides down a bit, kisses the centre of Sherlock’s chest. “When you do it do you, well, use something?”
John is still sprawled across the bed, snoring.
“Let me just --” Sherlock mutters, rolling away from him and off the bed, digging through the garment bag. “Shit, I know it’s here somewhere."
"Give me a minute.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says, and drops to his knees with improbable grace, pulling the nonslip socks off of John’s feet, first one then the other. He rises, drapes them carefully over the towel bar before easing carefully back past John and out the door, and it’s a blessing right now he’s so slender, considering the miniscule dimensions of the room.
“You’re brilliant and talented,” John says quietly, fond amusement in his voice as he strokes reassuring fingers along the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s lower belly.
“Molly, I’m sorry. That wasn’t--”
“Good boy,” John murmurs with approval, and hits him again. He lays down a precise pattern, stinging lines of fire across his back, never overlapping the blows. Sherlock watches himself take the blows, tears glittering in his eyes as he gasps small cries of pain.
“Later,” Sherlock murmurs. “Go to sleep, now.”
“I’m sure,” John answers, shrugging on his jacket and bending to kiss her warm, dry cheek. “I had a lovely time with you tonight, Mrs. Hudson. Hopefully I’ll see you soon.”
John tilts his head in unspoken query.
Sherlock presses his lips to the deepest crater at the centre of the scar, and though the flesh itself registers no sensation, the sight of it is astoundingly, dizzyingly erotic, making John’s head swim with an inexplicable, aching desire.
He slides himself down John’s torso, nestles in between his spread legs, nudges his thighs apart with his hands as he looks up, a bit uncertain.
He sweeps out of the room in his usual manner. John and Patricia follow in his wake. Patricia carefully closes the office door behind herself, all the while staring daggers at Sherlock’s back and not bothering to hide it.
“All right,” he says neutrally. “Have fun.”
“Christ,” John panted. “Look at you, just look at you, marked and helpless, impaled on my cock. Oh,
It falls to John then, to be the brave one, to be confident and unafraid about how he feels.
Sherlock listens silently to whoever is on the other end of the call, and what he is hearing is obviously not welcome news, the line between his brows deepening with every passing moment as his expression grows darker, verging on homicidal.
Sherlock pauses and looks down, wrapping his free hand protectively across his own torso, and he looks about about five seconds away from curling into a ball and rocking back and forth like a frightened child. The sight hurts John’s heart far worse than any mere physical pain.
“Precisely. So right this moment, the why is less important than the where. Time is of the essence,” Sherlock takes off his jacket, hands it to John, rolls up his sleeves. “Travis was being held close by. If we can learn where, we may be able to save them. I need to start analysis on the traces of mud found on his feet, that’s our best bet at the moment. Molly, I need fingernail scrapings and hair samples ASAP. John, I need you to do some legwork. Get me a list of every business tenant in a two-mile radius of where he was found, we can begin to narrow down the list of possible locations where Travis was being held. Also check in with Lestrade, see if his team of imbeciles have managed to trip over anything of importance.”
The silence stretches tight between them, and Sherlock suddenly finds the tension of it almost unbearable.
John tilts his head, looks at him quizzically. “Sherlock?”
“My help? I thought you was back with your mister.”
Sherlock undoes the fly of his trousers, shimmies them down over his slim hips, revealing what lay beneath.
“Never better,” Sherlock answers truthfully, though his arse is tender and sore and the cuts on his chest are starting to burn in earnest. He welcomes the sensation, though; the thought of John’s name carved on him is somehow both devastatingly erotic and profoundly comforting. He thinks of forever, of the fact that when he is sixty, seventy, eighty years old John’s name will still be etched permanently across his heart.
“It’s the truth, mate. Sorry.” Lestrade turns to Wiggins. “Where were you when Sherlock was taken?”
. Kiss me.”
"All right," John says, throwing up his hands. “Yes, all right? Bloody yes, I would have eventually come to you, most likely. Happy?”
(They’ve tapering John's pain meds, and Sherlock is resorting to his hated nicotine patches, unable to keep up a pack-a-day habit while staying next to John’s side in hospital. These two facts aren’t helping matters at
Both men fall silent again. The dishwasher shifts into the wash cycle, the clunk and hum noticeable in the sudden quiet. Sherlock picks up the dish towel he’d been using, gives the granite countertop a couple of half-hearted swipes. He sighs as he tosses the towel into the sink, before coming around to the dining table and sitting down in the chair next to John.
John almosts protests, but it’s not a dramatic proclamation. It’s just the truth.
-- exhales, hard. She is silent for a moment before she speaks again, lower in volume but her tone harsher, verging almost upon bitter.
“And I love you,” he whispers against John’s mouth.
-- but it is airy and light, done in tones of grey and off-white. The furniture is some kind of farmhouse style, John supposes, a tall dresser and bureau made of reclaimed wood from a Welsh dairy barn or some such nonsense, the type of furniture that manages to look battered, worn, and hideously overpriced all at the same time.
The club has that forlorn, abandoned feel that all watering holes have in the daylight hours; the only light is what filters in from the two high, narrow windows at the front of the building, the blue LEDs outlining the shelves of liquor, and the incidental glow of of the television above the bar, showing what appears to be some sort of women’s talk show, the guests chattering at each other in rapid, animated Spanish. A petite, attractive olive-skinned woman in a spaghetti strap tank top and shoulder-brushing hoop earrings is watching the program as she distractedly wipes down glassware with a white towel.
“No, you’re really not,” she replies.
Late the next evening, Sherlock lay sprawled half on top of John, sweaty and sticky and blissfully content.
Curiosity piqued, John tries to turn his head further to observe more of his surroundings, but only succeeds in turning the headache up from threatening to pounding and in sparking a roiling, bilious nausea deep in his belly. He thinks for a brief horrible moment that he may in fact vomit, and can’t stop the soft groan that issues from his throat.
Sherlock slips into the ensuite; the toilet flushes, water runs. John, wanting to spare him from having to make halfhearted excuses, closes his eyes, pretends to sleep as Sherlock enters the bedroom.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock shrugs with a deliberate, false mildness. “Trying for normalcy is all. Don't worry about it.” He goes back to his work without saying another word, leaving John feeling like a complete knob about the whole thing.
“Oh, my filthy man,” he breathes into his shoulder, shaking his head in mock disapproval as his strong hands pull his hips down hard against his cock. “Such a dirty mouth on you. I love it.”
“Hello again,” Sherlock says with a smile, and John realizes it’s the first honest smile he’s seen on that oddly lovely face.
“If it takes you longer than thirty seconds, you’re sleeping on the couch tonight.”
“So do you.”
“I should have killed him,” Sherlock spat. “His miserable life isn’t worth a single drop of your blood.”
One article of clothing at a time, he proceeds to help John get undressed, all the way down to vest and pants. John allows it without snark or complaint.
Sherlock does the same, then burrows back under the coverlet, arranging himself next to John, his larger body curling around him in a protective way that John finds he enjoys very much.
“A foreign national engaged in crimes against the Crown, wounded in the course of apprehension by an SIS intelligence officer,” he reads. He looks up at Lestrade. “So we’re pinning this all on a fabricated secret agent?”
“There hasn’t really been a good moment up until now,” Sherlock says by way of explanation. John gives him a querying look; Sherlock offers him the envelope.
John raises an eyebrow in sardonic disbelief. “Sounds like a terrible improve theatre troupe, not a street gang.”
Before stopping to think better of it, John runs his hand slowly over the back of Sherlock’s near-naked skull. The short dark hair feels like smooth fur under his fingertips.
He remembers Mary in her satin dress, a jeweled clip in her short blonde hair, eyes sparkling in the candlelight as her pink mouth laughed, pale skin glowing and lovely, and his bloodthirsty desire for vengeance crumbles and disappears even as he clearly sees what he must do.
“I know. I do. It’s all right.” John wants to kiss and hold him so badly that resisting the pull is causing an actual physical ache in his chest. He draws in a fortifying inhale instead, nudges Sherlock in the ribs. “Go now, before she spots you.”
“You said you think Johnson is onboard with the plan.”
a terribly commonplace name. But it’s certainly possible.” He hums for a moment under his breath in contemplation, then rises, crosses the room for his laptop. His fingers click at light speed across the keys.
Freed from the distraction of his own mind, Sherlock is able to start to sink down into that sweeter, easier place, the ritualized restraint and dominance and deliberate violence strangely but profoundly soothing, letting him drift away from the demands of conscious thought.
And business is good. Despite the rogue units, despite the uprisings, despite the banishment of replicants from Earth, the demand for unpaid labor will always, always persist, especially when it comes without the troubles of conscience regarding human chattel slavery.
Sherlock nods, just barely, and the way they are pressed together John can feel his heart hammering away, beating wildly against his slender ribcage. He takes his hands away from Sherlock’s body and pulls back, putting a bit of space in between them.
“You answer me when I ask you a question.”
Sherlock gallantly waves off the offer. “Go ahead. Whoever does the fingering gets the first wash. Marquess of Queensberry rules.”
Sherlock nods, top teeth digging into his lower lip in concentration as he positions their bodies, bringing John’s knees up over his shoulders, slotting their hips together.
“John.” He rests his head on John’s chest, feels the beat of his heart.
James looks at him in confusion for a moment, then his eyes go wide as understanding dawns.
“Say you’re sorry for being bad,” he rasps in Sherlock’s ear as his fingers pinch and twist at his nipple.
John’s hands slip down to his waist, fingertips digging into the warm flesh of Sherlock’s back as he moves in between the vee of his spread thighs. Their mouths find each other again, wet and hot, rough with desperate need. One of Sherlock’s legs wraps around his, his arm sliding around John’s shoulders, pulling him closer as they kiss; their bodies now pressed together from chest to pelvis, John can feel Sherlock’s hard length pressed against his own. John’s hips push forward of their own volition, seeking contact and movement and heat, tearing breathy moans from both of their throats as as their hard cocks press and slide together through the rough friction of clothing. Overcome by need, John fumbles blindly with the button and zip of Sherlock’s trousers.
John strokes them languidly, reveling in the sensation of Sherlock’s hardness rubbing against his own, the saliva on his hand barely more than an additional damp stickiness, giving a rough edge to the sweet, lazy pleasure.
“Who sent you?” he snarls.
“Glad we’ve got that settled,” John interjects. “What I want to know is, what happens now?”
Left arm thrown haphazardly over his face, Sherlock whines softly in his throat, frustration unmistakable as he shoves inelegantly at John’s shoulder with his right hand.
Atherton shakes his head. “They didn’t waste a minute in declaring his death as an overdose, yet there was no toxicology report. No inquest. A single needle mark to the right arm, and that was enough to chalk it up to drugs and close the book. I tried to talk to the police again, explain my concerns, but they pushed me aside.” He chuckles without humour. “Told me I was blinded by my idealism. What rubbish. It’s not my idealism that made them sweep Travis McGinty’s death under the rug so no one had to miss the match.”
“I was thinking with a completely different part of my anatomy. Now I’ve come to my senses.” John pushes gently at Sherlock’s shoulder. “Go on, now.”
“You like the idea of that, don’t you?” John murmurs. “Being used, passed around like a cheap fucktoy.”
“Because of your size,” Sherlock finishes for him, and John can feel him smirking just a bit against his shoulder.
“I don’t know answers.”
on faith. Okay?”
“For our anniversary,” Sherlock agrees, a bit absently, a new thought already gathering speed on the heels of the previous one.
“You’re both in debt,” Sherlock continues, undeterred. “You’ve the right thumb of an internet addict, so I’m thinking online gambling. Her shoes say compulsive shopping problem. You talked her into it, didn’t you? You promised her no one would get hurt.”
(Mummy, so eternally proud of her French heritage, was the one who started this nonsense, calling Sherlock ‘Papa.’ At first he had been horrified, but John was more philosophical. “She has to call you something,” he reasoned, “and ‘Sherlock’ is a hell of a mouthful for a baby. Besides, it makes your mum happy.” And so it had stuck. Like so many other things, he doesn’t really mind so much anymore.)
It should have been odd, unsettling, downright creepy to feed a bound adult man like he was a small child...but to John it was weirdly, unfailingly sexy. John fed Sherlock spoonfuls of applesauce, interspersed with sips of water, and Sherlock accepted them without complaint. After the applesauce was gone John fed him tiny cubes of cheese, and then orange slices. Sherlock bit into them messily, juice on his lips as he deliberately licked his tongue against John’s fingers, making John’s blood run hot and his jeans feel far too tight.
He’s gone almost completely nonverbal now, hasn’t eaten other than a slice of pizza John pushed on him earlier in the day, a few bites taken before the plate was pushed aside and forgotten. He’s only not succumbed to dehydration because John presses mugs of tea and bottled water into his hands. He takes one or two sips, ignoring the rest until it goes either cold or warm.
Before getting in the car, John takes a moment to observe his surroundings. The building they just emerged from is a low, nondescript warehouse on a not-quite rural, relatively quiet two-lane road. Though he can see just the tops of buildings in the distance, this location is quite a bit more rural than anything John has yet encountered in southern New Jersey.
“Thank you, John,” he whispers.
“Aww, he ain’t dead,” sneers Jack. “He’s just a little chilled.” He pokes Sherlock with the toe of his boot. He doesn’t move. Jack prods a little more forcefully, almost a kick to the ribs, and Sherlock remains still and silent.
John takes the offered hand, shakes it. “And you’ve called me by name already, so clearly you know who I am.”
“I worry, sometimes.” His words are quiet, raw-edged and honest.
“I think you might be, a bit,” Sherlock says mildly, lowering himself gracefully to the couch next to him, close enough that their thighs are pressed together. He picks the jar up from the table and hands it to John. “Drink.”
“Bath time first,” John says. “Then an ibuprofen, then dinner. What would you like?”
He summons every ounce of will in his body, ignoring the howling pain of his injury and moving with a speed he didn’t know was still possible as he reaches down and pulls the Ruger from the holster strapped to his right ankle.
Sherlock’s arm around John tightens.
“It’s okay,” John says soothingly. “It will pass in a few minutes. It’s just chemicals. It will pass.”
"Easy enough to plant undercover agents and steer Mary towards them. Mycroft did the heavy lifting there as well."
“What’s wrong?” he asks, just a touch hesitant, as if he already knows and dreads the answer.
“Do you really have dirt on Caldwell like you said?” he asks, genuinely curious.
“A bit tender?” John murmurs.
Resolving to put the sadder thoughts away for the moment, John focuses instead on filling and switching on the kettle (done out of pure habit, despite having had a cup of hot coffee not twenty minutes earlier) as Sherlock seats himself at his kitchen table workstation, opening his notebook and  rummaging through the pile of prepped slides stacked haphazardly next to his microscope.
The ensuite is huge; clearly, in this small house, a guest bedroom was sacrificed to the gods of bathing luxury. It’s as modern and stylish as the rest of the house, with slate flooring, a marble double-sink vanity, and both a glass-enclosed multi-head shower stall and a huge whirlpool tub.
To John’s surprise, Target more closely resembles Marks and Spencer than the Asda or Tesco clone he expected. He admires the use of flattering full-spectrum lighting and appealing, well-designed displays as he follows Sherlock to the men’s clothing section.
“I think I squandered my big cathartic moment,’ he says. “The drama’s all gone out of it now. ”
Sherlock’s gaze is warm and steady as he gives John a tiny nod of agreement, their communication needing no words whatsoever, and John knows his choice has already been made.
“I know,” Sherlock says, his tone conciliatory. “And it’s all right. Just... know that I wasn’t bothered. I trust you, more than I trust an artificially structured communication system. And far, far, more than I trust myself, if I’m being honest. So can we please not dwell on this?”
“Thanks,” John says, too surprised to say anything else as Sophie unlocks the wheelchair brakes before turning away, disappearing back into the hospital, leaving the two of them standing there, John leaning against Sherlock’s side to keep upright.
“You need fluids, you taste dehydrated. And food. And a hot bath. And good God, a toothbrush.”
Although the procedure is not perfectly sterile (the hemostat is not new, and has to make do with a quick alcohol soak) they manage a fairly clean go of it, considering. Fortunately the wound is not as deep as it initially looked, and John is able to talk Sherlock through placing the simple interrupted stitches.
John can’t bring himself to finish the thought.
A rough fist in his hair, pulling his head back; Sherlock flinches at the cold bite of a needle on the side of his neck.
“I don’t like it, you know.”
“Certain parts, perhaps,” Sherlock purrs softly.
Sherlock rises onto his tiptoes and stretches his arms above his head as he twists his neck from side to side. His back cracks pleasantly, vertebrae shifting and settling after a long night in an uncomfortable chair.
His tears are not a fierce howling storm but rather a long slow soaking rain, and Sherlock holds him patiently for a very long time, kissing his hair, murmuring soft nonsense words of comfort.
John does the same, and he doesn’t think he’ll sleep, he doesn’t think he’ll ever sleep again, but he’s just completely drained, and Sherlock is next to him, his breathing deep and rhythmic and comforting, and John is out cold within minutes.
“I want to hear you, pet,” John said as he closed his hand around Sherlock’s cock, the cool slickness making him gasp and twist while the clothespins pulled and bit at his flesh. He gave a mewling, hitching sob as John began to stroke him, the first strokes gentle but then more insistently.
His eyes flick to Sherlock’s for the briefest of moments. Despite the edge of fear, Sherlock’s gaze is clear and alert, and the communication passes between them in an instant.
“It’s not a sign of weakness to--”
After a few minutes his galloping heart slows to a canter, his demolished brain reassembles himself, and he opens his eyes to find Sherlock gazing down at his own torso with undisguised interest.
“They’ll be able to open it soon enough,” John replies. “We’ll just have to be patient.” He shifts his attention on Sherlock, wet and chilled in just his pants. Despite the situation, despite Sherlock rather resembling a drowned rat, John can’t help a moment of fleeting appreciation for his shoulders and chest, broad and surprisingly muscular despite his slim build.
“Yes, Sherlock.”
John tries to do what Sherlock asks, keeping every shred of his fading focus on Sherlock’s face, his lovely, heartbroken face, on how his mouth is twisting in anguish, his jaw shaking as he tries unsuccessfully to fight back tears, the agony in his silver-green eyes, the unruly curly tufts of roughly-chopped dark hair backlit into a frizzy halo by the light of the van headlamps.
John is focused and insistent, pressing and stroking as he takes Sherlock back into his mouth, intent on wringing as much pleasure from his body as humanly possible. Sherlock’s entrance is relaxed and open, welcoming him into his body, his words reduced to incoherent grunts and moans as his muscled thighs flex to push against John’s fingers with every thrust.
Allentown isn’t
“It is, and it’s lovely,” John insists. “Hey, I need the loo. You want to go first?”
“Vanomycin and metronidazole. Some pretty powerful stuff.” John trains the torch back on the cardboard box. “What are those leaves?”
“No, four,” John snaps. “Two, two, four. And noodles.”
What looked on the outside to be a fairly bog-standard rectangular postwar bungalow has a recently and extensively remodeled interior, done in the understated yet expensive style John has always associated with British government employees working with generous expense accounts. The floors are grey-washed farmhouse pine, the walls parchment white, the kitchen countertop thick, silver-flecked granite. The far right hand wall of the living room is made up entirely of an oversized column of quarried grey and white stone, with a large glassed-in gas fireplace at the center.
As ever, John’s approval stokes Sherlock’s happiness, multiplies by an order of magnitude the fizzy rush that bubbles in his brain when he solves a challenging puzzle. Sherlock chuckles with open delight as he flips the battered notebook in front of him to a clean page, picks up a pen and begins to transcribe the messages, now clear as day.
“And yet, that’s not true, is it? It defies rational logic on its face, yet anyone who’s spent any time in the real world knows it isn’t true at all. And why? Because of the guilt around it, the endless shame. And the guilt and shame is contagious. It infects everyone who knows the truth of what happened. It taints every relationship it touches.”
Sherlock comes around with him to the passenger side, opens the door. He takes the carrier until John gets himself situated in the seat, then returns it to his arms. He closes the door and sprints around to the driver’s side, slipping behind the wheel and starting the car in the same moment as he closes the door.
He can’t seem to pull himself together, though, can’t seem to calm his racing pulse. The room seems to shrink, the depressing walls close and stifling. John needs to get his head together. He needs a drink. He gathers up the scattered photographs, pockets them and brushes past Lestrade as he leaves without another word.
John pulls out almost all the way, wraps his hand around Sherlock’s left leg, raising it up slightly as he pushes back in. Sherlock knows he’s watching himself, watching how his cock sink into Sherlock’ arse as he fucks him.
he murmurs with clear admiration, though John doesn’t understand the words. “
“He’s with me,” John says shortly. “Sherlock Holmes. A consultant from the Holmes Corporation.”
He hasn’t forgiven her, though. Of course he hasn’t. Not one single word of his Christmas Day speech made mention of forgiveness. He took her back because plans demanded it --
“I’ve got you, love, it’s all right. Just breathe for a moment and relax. You’re safe with me. It’s all right.”
“My arse,” Sherlock breathes, voice barely a whisper, burning with need and shame. “My arsehole. It’s yours. It’s --” he gasps as John pushes in and twists
Seb nurses a cup of tea as Jim prowls around the elaborately cluttered flat, investigating the clockwork creatures, the workbenches, the dusty, decaying rococo furnishings. He pauses and surveys a small side table where a chess game is carefully laid out, cocks his head as he takes in the layout of the pieces. He picks up a bishop, moves him across the board.
John shakes his head. “No.” He cups the curve of Sherlock’s arse with his free hand, pulls him in close, and with his other rubs the head of Sherlock’s cock over his relaxed, slightly gaping hole, wet with lube and spit. “Do you feel this?” he whispers into his ear. “I’m so open and wet because of you, because of how good you make me feel.”
“Please,” he moans through parched lips. “Please, please, please.”
"He's going to know, you know. That you talked to me. And he's going to be livid."
And Sherlock does, weaving fingers in silver blond hair and bringing John’s lips to his own. As they wait for their food the two of them end up snogging on the sofa like the world’s oldest teenagers, wet sloppy desperate kissing and hands sliding under clothes, aching to touch naked flesh. Sherlock had never really seen the appeal of this kind of thing before, in fact found the concept utterly immature and more than mildly repellent, but as John moans his name while they grind fully clothed against each other he can’t help but find the whole enterprise completely, spectacularly brilliant.
“I...I wanted to see you,” Sherlock says. “So I waited.” He’s awkward, halting and uncertain, nothing at all like the cool, elegant creature John met just hours earlier.
“You’re watching me,” John says without looking up. “Why are you watching me?”
“I love this,” John purrs, low and rough. “I love playing with you when you're bound and gagged. My sweet, helpless pet." He hadn’t planned on this, but Sherlock spread open in front of him like a decadent feast is a vision far too tempting to resist. John bends his head, presses forward and licks a slow, deliberate stripe up the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, up to the base of his spine then back down to his perineum and up again. His saliva soaks the fabric of the knickers as John revels in the taste of him, clean sweat and the earthy musk of need and denied arousal. Sherlock moans, his back arching and flexing as he pushes his pelvis down against John’s face. John pulls back, swats him soundly on the solid muscle of his outer thigh.
“I have have to get out of here,” John says, his voice rough and choked.
Johnson shrugs, indifferent, not denying John’s words.
John’s breathing is shallow, a bit ragged. Finally he speaks.
“No, you really shouldn’t have.” There’s a rustle as the woman gathers her things. “However, I do appreciate the apology. At any rate, I have a great deal of work piling up elsewhere. I will send someone by to check in on you and Doctor Watson later this evening.”
He blinks, once.
“This is you?”
His tone is gentle, but it’s not a request.
The assassin turns to face Sherlock, eyes burning with the unquenchable fever of madness.
He tosses the canister aside and smiles, as casual as if they were meeting in the park.
This whole place is making him feel jumpy and claustrophobic, and that’s even taking the kidnapping out of the equation.
“I was laboring under that impression, yes.”
Saying Darby, Pennsylvania is not a wealthy suburb is an understatement at the very least.
“I know,” John says. “The little seeds.”
“Plus close to the airport,” offers Wiggins. “Them organs ain’t staying in England. Strict transplantation laws here, strong oversight. I would say Eastern Europe or Southeast Asia.”
Okay, fair warning.
“I've had a lot of days I’d rather forget,” John says, quiet and serious. “The day I made the best decision of my life? That’s one I want to remember.” His fingers tuck a stray curl behind Sherlock’s ear. “I want you to know, I could never--Oh, Jesus.” He makes a face. “There’s come in your hair.”
“Look, I’ll go upstairs or out to the couch, if that--”
He makes a loud honking sniffle and scrubs ineffectually at his itchy eyes.
daughter,” John says. “Adam. You’re piling one mistake on top of another. Listen to Sherlock and put the gun down.”
“I think it would be a good thing,” offers Sherlock after a moment of consideration.
“I don’t know much about biomechanics,” Molly says, apologetic. “I wish I did.”
“Outdoors.”
“Way to make yourself useful, Greg,” John grumbles.
Sherlock nods. “Yes, you are.”
“You want to,” Sherlock says musingly, “but you don’t want to want to. What can we deduce from that?”
The detective cocks his head slightly and waits a beat for John to answer. When he doesn’t, Figueroa shrugs slightly, and drops his hand, affecting an unperturbed air.
“Thought I’d be a senior citizen before you had to help me put on my underwear,” John notes wryly as he follows directions.
“Mr. Holmes, the criminals of this world would love for you to give up right now, wouldn’t they? Just love it. An early Christmas present, for the bad men in the shadows. That’s what you’re giving them right this minute. Think on that, please, Mr. Holmes.”
. “An absolute marvel of sociopathy.” He tilts his head just slightly, his expression one of mildly horrified fascination. “Privation and want helped shape you, I understand that, but John’s background is equally humble and yet his conscience and moral code are ironbound.” He shakes his head. “Honour one last request from a condemned man, Maria, and tell me. What made you this way?”
John’s belt is soft, tobacco-brown calf leather, handmade and expensive but worn, probably a decade old. Using his teeth, Sherlock carefully pulls the free end out of the front loop of John’s jeans, then moves his attention to the section of the belt held fast by the loop, tugging with his teeth and lifting the loosened strip of leather away from the holding pin by using his tongue for leverage.
He also realises he, John Watson, may at times be the most oblivious man on the entire goddamn planet.
From the front, the house looks as completely abandoned as from the back. Sherlock checks the boarded windows, pokes at the painted, peeling iron latticework security door.
“I know.” Sherlock’s voice is so low it’s almost subsonic. “I do, too.”
John feels a knot of anxiety tightening in his chest. He takes a deep breath, pulls in oxygen, forces his diaphragm to expand. “What’s the plan here, Sherlock?”
“Of course that’s something I’d--yes. I mean, of course yes.” Sherlock narrows his eyes a little, eyes John more analytically. “But you haven’t ever done it like that before.”
“Mine,” he says softly. “No one else’s. Are you mine, pet?”
“It’s all right,” Sherlock tells him. “You were tired. I’ve got the baby. Go back to sleep.”
“No, no, no,” John says, contrite. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I’m an arse. That sounds--yeah. That sounds lovely, actually. Let me get cleaned up a bit.”
Sherlock is calm and quiet, giving him time, more patient and still than maybe John has ever seen him. Minutes pass in silence.
John holds Sherlock’s glare for a moment before he rolls his eyes, shrugging a shoulder in acquiescence. “I don’t really have one, as such,” he grudgingly admits.
Sherlock exhales through his nose, dips his head in acknowledgment of this fact.
“Seems the polite thing to do.”
John chuckles. “Some grovelling wouldn’t be remiss, either.” He sets the last screw in place, descends the ladder, smiles at Sherlock. “I need to flip the breaker back on, then I’ll come upstairs.” He looks at the wrapped parcel in Sherlock’s hand. “Don’t suppose that’s something for dinner?”
He’s sharpened their one good knife and minced bacon and onions, and he’s cutting the chicken into pieces when a damp clean John wanders back into the kitchen. He’s dressed warmly in jeans and a longsleeved thermal shirt, but his feet are bare and pale, a sight which always makes Sherlock feel a little shivery deep in his belly for reasons he can’t adequately understand, let alone explain.
A few miles down the road, the grim scenery improves considerably as they leave the city limits, heading towards Cherry Hill.
Sherlock extends his arm across the top of John’s chest, tucks his hand under his far shoulder in a careful approximation of a cuddle. Sherlock’s face is too far away to kiss without further exertion so instead John turns his head slightly, kissing the back of Sherlock’s wrist where it’s draped across the front of his collarbone.
John takes a deep, fortifying breath after getting all those difficult words out, picks up his glass of water, takes a sip.
It’s a beautiful house where two successful, upper-middle-class professionals with large bank accounts would live out their pastoral Instagram-ready aspirations.
“Honestly Sherlock, I was gone for twenty minutes," John says, holding the ice pack against his husband’s affected region. "I don’t even understand how this happened.”
Just a reminder: I am not a doctor, so everything I know about medicine is from my limited firsthand experience, Google, and old episodes of "E.R." What I'm saying is, don't go in expecting medical accuracy. At all. Just know that I did my best and go with it.
,” Sherlock breathes, awestruck, almost worshipful, and the single murmured word breaks John open completely and he comes, the muscles of his abdomen contracting hard, the world awash in blinding shuddering bliss as he spills with a low groan. Hot wetness spurts over their hands, spattering onto Sherlock’s belly, pearly and wet on the thin cotton of his worn tee shirt.
It’s locked, which sends a strange, sharp stab of pain through John’s heart. “Am I?” he asks, not even really loud enough for Sherlock to hear through the door. “Making you miserable?”
“It’s a side business,” Sherlock tells him. “The main action is procuring shady work visas for Ukrainian seasonal laborers. The black market babies are merely an occasional windfall.”
Sherlock can tell by John’s posture that his back is sore; he’s still sleeping on the cheap futon in Harry’s spare room. Hasn’t found a place of his own, then. He shaved just before leaving for Baker Street, and he is wearing the blue jumper that Sherlock likes best. John clearly made an effort to look nice for him.
“Plus you’ll feel better,” Sherlock points out. “You should shower now, in this window of opportunity, while that Dilaudid is controlling your pain but not yet knocking you on your arse.”
The over-bed table is pushed out of the way, against the wall. A cafeteria tray rests upon it, with a dome-covered plate in the center and a tea mug alongside. So he missed dinner, then.
“Just gorgeous,” John murmurs with approval. He rises to his feet, weaves his fingers into Sherlock’s messy curls, and pulls his head back to tip his face upwards, not roughly but with unmistakable authority.
Sherlock has the good grace to look guiltily uncomfortable.
“But what I mean is, seeing her, seeing the way she held the baby -- thinking about it made me realise that no matter what I do, no matter how hard I try to do my best by her, that’s the one thing I cannot ever give her. My daughter is never going to have her mother.”
“John.”
He switches the comm to standby and closes his eyes with a sigh. Last night’s events unspool behind his lids as he remembers scenes of carnage lit by strobing blue lights, coloured with splashes of crimson gore.
Maybe if he had more information, a more complete picture, he would be better able to approach Sherlock, better able to help him handle whatever he's dealing with on his own.
“Promise?” Sherlock says. He means it in a teasing fashion, but it doesn’t come out teasing at all. It comes out low and intent, with a neediness that would have embarrassed him thoroughly in another lifetime.
“What makes you say that?” she asks him, genuinely curious.
With the burden of decision making lifted from his shoulders, Sherlock feels immeasurably lighter. All that’s required of him now is to obey; John will take care of everything else. John will take care of him.
“Yes,” he pants. “Yes, God, yes.”
"I should have known," Mary sighs with something very like annoyance. Her eyes narrow slightly but her face registers no shock or surprise, showing nothing but the flat, calculating coldness of her true nature.
John’s jaw tenses, but he says nothing. Sherlock nods just fractionally.
Sherlock blows out a long breath, calming himself, slowing the car down to something approximating a normal driving speed.
“Come on,” Sherlock mutters, impatient, basically trying to drag John into the tub.
John stares at Sherlock in stunned silence.
“Jesus,” he rasps, “
Sherlock rolls his eyes in annoyance. “Yes, John, because it’s not really my fortieth birthday. I am turning one hundred and sixty three and attended public school
And in point of fact, Mycroft has always been the one that subsidised their misadventures, with the occasional grumble or guilt trip to be sure, but he had never denied anything to his brother, or to John now that he thinks about it. And for that matter, he hadn’t ever used money to leverage or manipulate either one of them, excepting that one initial offer made to John, an offer he now sees was only intended to test his motivations and protect Sherlock from those who would take advantage of him.
Just the feel of clean teeth and minty breath is a welcome lift to his mood, and John feels energised enough shrug carefully out of the hospital gown. After draping the soiled fabric over the towel bar, he can’t help but give in to impulse and look down briefly at his battered and sliced torso.
“It’s her,” Sherlock confirms, then closes his laptop, springs out of his chair. “We need to go and question the pharmacy tech immediately.”
As six o’clock finally, blessedly arrives, Lestrade sighs and tosses the manila file he’s holding into the nearest banker box. “I’m knackered, boys,” he announces, scrubbing at his eyes. “Can I interest anyone in a pint? Or maybe dinner? On the Met, of course.”
The two of them don’t talk. It doesn’t feel necessary.
(Not even halfway through his first day back he realised the babies and toddlers were being deliberately shunted away from him. He supposes it’s a kindness.)
Sherlock blinks and glances away briefly, his classic tell of dishonesty. “If they have any brains at all, they’ll be lying low in the wake of McGinty’s disappearance. It’s highly unlikely they’ll be stupid enough to try to take anyone else for quite a while.”
John does what Sherlock asks, and thinks it over carefully, even though he already knows his answer, knows it clear and true, written in 72 point letters across his heart.
“In a bit,” Sherlock says, and reaches for John’s waist, pulls him closer. John twines his legs around him obligingly, presses a kiss into his tangled and sweaty curls as Sherlock makes himself comfortable, face pressed into the side of John’s equally sweaty flank.
“Coming?” Sherlock asks, tone just a bit overly casual as he stands in the kitchen doorway, winding his scarf around the impossibly long column of his neck.
He flicks on the telly, flips through the channels without really seeing anything, turns it off.
And in the space of a breath, Sherlock's congenial facade drops away. His pale eyes glitter, hard and cool as moonstones as he speaks.
John opens his mouth, lets Sherlock feed him his come-covered fingers, closing his eyes as he greedily sucks them clean. The filthy intimacy of it overwhelms John and he comes, moaning around Sherlock’s fingers in his mouth, holding his hips down tight against his own as he shivers and spills, pusing heat deep inside Sherlock’s body.
John huffs out a soft chuckle as he switches off the bedside lamp, “Love you too,” he murmurs fondly. “Love you more than anything, you rude, ungrateful git.”
“Mrs Hudson, I--” he untangles himself from her perfumed embrace, gently grasps her shoulders. “I’m not--it’s not qute--” he sighs. “I just was in the neighborhood and thought I’d drop in and say hello to Sherlock,” he finishes lamely, feeling self-conscious and more than a little foolish.
, and I am not your husband, so let’s just put that entire fiction to bed for good, shall we?”
He looks smaller than he usually does to Sherlock, and older.
“When you find yourself, well. Worked up. Over me. What do you generally do about it?”
"John,” he whispers.
Their breathing is loud, echoing in the tiled room.
Sherlock finally reappears a little more than three hours after lunch.
John doesn’t miss Sherlock’s use of the male pronoun.
“Don’t be cruel,” Sherlock says. “I’m in a very vulnerable state right now. Maybe also a glass of water? And my laptop. A pillow, as well, if you don’t mind. I’ve got a lot of research to do, and I’d like to get started immediately.”
“Mrs Hudson!” He snaps in defensive annoyance. “Do you
“I don’t know who that is,” Sherlock replies, “and I don’t care. Turn three quarters to your right, then walk away from me five steps.”
“Travis was my best mate,” Rocco begins. “He hadn’t been on the streets that long when I met him...three or four months is all. His mum kicked him out when he started acting odd, having hallucinations, saying things about aliens and whatnot. She was scared of 'im. Lots of people was scared of 'im. But he was sweet. Harmless. He had weird thoughts, sometimes, but Travis would never hurt a soul.
“I looked at your memory files,” John replies. “ I started to… I was going to look at the other stuff. I was. But I didn’t.”
Each drag of the B&H lights Sherlock’s face just briefly in a slightly-otherworldly pale orange glow.
He listens to his fiancé singing as he showers, a bit off-key, cheerful even in the face of a what is sure to be a vicious red wine hangover. Something old and classic, something Sherlock once knew but long since deleted.
“All the numbers on the card, put together. Ten digits. What common string of numbers contain ten digits?”
The two of them lie in the dark, both wide awake and nowhere near sleep. John feels himself marinating in his own awkwardness, and can almost hear the gears in Sherlock’s brain turning, around and around, inexorably, unable to slow long enough for his body to relax.
He’s teetering at the very edge of the abyss; John can feel it in the way his cock grows hotter and heavier in his hand, in the way his abdomen tightens, the stutter in the rhythm of his hips.
Resolve steeled by his determination to not wake Sherlock, John manages to navigate the end of the turnpike on his own. An awkward smile pasted on his face, he hands the toll-taker the beige card and a ten dollar bill, hoping silently for the best. The man hands him a palmful of bills and coins without comment, and John pulls away, cringing inwardly at the painful fumbling clumsiness this huge, loud, brightly-lit country seems to bring out in him.
“Yes.”
“I’m not,” John murmurs with a shake of his head. “Sherlock. Don’t say that. I’m a
Sherlock moans impatiently,  thrusts up against him in naked entreaty. “Fuck me,” he implores brokenly, “God, John,
The inner walls and shelves have been cleared of grime and gore. A faint smell of Dettol still lingers.
“Are you okay?” he asks carefully. “We don’t have to--”
“John,” he says, softer, trying to calm himself, because he is upset and John is upset and they are both on the brink of saying things they will regret later.
“Sadomasochism is thirsty work,” he observes sardonically.
“Take your time,” John calls out. “Well, not too long. And no undressing without me.” He ducks into the kitchen, fills the kettle. “I’m making a cuppa. Want one?”
They will have a good time, teasing and bantering and chatting, finishing each other’s sentences and laughing at shared punchlines of long-ago inside jokes as they linger over their meal.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock breathes, pushing his hips into his John’ fist, shivering at the delicious friction against his cock.
John raises his eyes wearily.
The tub gives John a pang. What he wouldn’t give for a lovely hot soak, but he knows full well that’s not in the cards for him at the moment. He sighs just a little in regret, before returning his full attention to the job he came in here to do.
“Agreed,” Sherlock sighs, the sound becoming a hiss as John very carefully wipes at his spent cock and pink, slightly swollen testicles. He stirs, opens his eyes, turns his head back to look at John.
“Did you know she was pregnant?” John breaks in.
The supermarket shelves are largely empty, but they manage to locate a whole chicken, as well as bacon and onions and one last lonely baguette in the bakery that Sherlock has to engage in a glare-off with a harried-looking woman in a tweed pantsuit to obtain.
“I thought,” he says, his voice creaky from hours of silence, “that we do what we do so I don’t
“I need to avoid recognition at all costs. My everyday look is too...distinctive. Especially for America. And there are eyes everywhere, John. Make no mistake.”
“In a nutshell,” Sherlock, and the way his eyes meet and hold John’s for a moment makes it plain the overly-obvious metaphor isn’t lost on either one of them.
John’s head is clanging and he aches all over, and the thought of another motel room does nothing to improve his overall disposition. It comes as a pleasant surprise, then, when Sherlock turns at an intersection just past a CVS Pharmacy, onto a tree-lined street of older, modest but well-maintained homes.
“Even if I take it up the arse,” John supplies, voice low and rough with the frustration and hurt surging up in his chest.
“Thank you for your time, Molly,” John says as they brush past her, and he sharp-eyed look he gets in response sends a chill into his bones.
“Of course I won’t,” John says. “Sherlock. Of course I won’t.”
John takes another mouthful of wine and brings his lips to Sherlock, lets the rich dark liquid flow from his mouth into Sherlock’s. Sherlock swallows and swallows as John kisses him, wine-sour tongue insistent against his, John’s cock fully hard and hot against his own.
Honestly, this is getting ridiculously sentimental. It makes Sherlock feel itchy and annoyed.
“Oh, God,” John groans. “Fuck. Your mouth. Your gorgeous dick-sucking mouth. It’s not fair of me to keep you all to myself. You should be a porn star. You should be on your knees sucking off half of London.”
“Let me introduce myself properly then. Doctor John Watson. It’s such a pleasure to meet you.”
“I freely admit to being an unrepentant arsehole,” Sherlock replies. “But I’m not smart, I’m brilliant, thank you very much, and I assure you John Watson lives in nobody’s shadow. So you’re one out of three, which is not terribly impressive overall.”
“And the ankle holster as well,” John adds.
Tamara shook her head. "We’d already made the drop into the time lock safe, so she couldn't have gotten it, but she didn't even ask. She wanted the drugs and some supplies. She had me go into the store with her, took a few items from the shelves.”
“Goddammit, “ he sighs. “You knew, didn’t you.”
But he is not going to cry. He is a middle-aged man, he is a doctor, a soldier, he has endured war and death and heartbreak many, many times over and goddammit
This time John is the one pulling Sherlock close. “I see you,” he whispers fiercely. “I do. I do.” He would have sworn he didn’t have another tear in him to shed but his eyes are leaking again, this time from exhaustion and sorrow but also relief, from a light finally visible in the darkness. “I’m sorry,” John says for what feels like the hundredth time. “God, Sherlock, I’m so sorry.”
John chuckles in near-disbelief. “All of that spy stuff, going on a house where it looks like someone’s Nan is having us over for tea.”
With trepidation, John eases open the door to the hallway. To their surprise, the passage is utterly empty.
“Okay,” she says, her voice ragged but calmer. “I’m okay.”
“Elementary,” Sherlock replies. “If you were, you would have done it by now.”
, but the tea has just the right splash of milk, and the cheese sandwich has a touch of Branston pickle, his favourite. He gives in and consumes both, chewing resentfully as considers the possible merit of his landlady’s words.
“Well, I’m not buying cereal for you, am I?” John snaps, sudden sharp annoyance  flaring.“I’m forty-two years old and I live alone and I talk to myself and my best friend has been reduced to a figment of my imagination, and all of this is depressing as fuck but the miniscule silver lining is I can have any goddamn breakfast cereal I want, so if I want Coco Pops I’m going to
Sophie doesn’t reply, but instead turns to Sherlock. “And today you don’t have a word to say, I see.”
The criminal’s split second of hesitation spares Sherlock’s life. His indecision gives the teller a moment to scream “Eric, no!” and grab frantically at the man’s arm. The shot goes wild, over Sherlock’s head, chips of plaster flying as the bullet strikes the wall. Sherlock doesn’t hesitate, using the moment of distraction to efficiently disarm and subdue the man.
“We get ourselves some coffee, cos we got we got a night of non-genius, old-fashioned detective work ahead of us.”
John steps back, leans heavily against the wall.
Sherlock gives a mostly-silent chuckle. “Well, that is true.”
“Mister Holmes,” another voice cuts in. The second man’s voice is American, his timbre slightly higher, thinner. He’s placating, verging on wheedling, but also clearly both offended and on the defensive. “I assure you, every member of this health team has the finest education and experience available. Mister Watson’s --”
The man cuts himself off, suddenly aware of the silence on the other end of the line.
Something in John’s chest loosens at Sherlock’s words; the feeling is like letting out a breath he hadn’t even known he’d been holding.
“It suits me,” Sherlock says dismissively, and John would be very annoyed, except it’s the truth. “But you’re meant to have more weight on you.” He reaches out and traces the outlines of John’s ribs with his fingertips. “You need feeding up,” he says in a softer tone.
“Stands to reason," she replies dryly.
“Have you spoken to her?” Sherlock surprises himself by asking.
Lee’s demeanor shifts abruptly again to something manically playful, almost mocking. “Come on, Mr Holmes. Use that big brain and think. Someone who is very cross with you right now. You almost put him out of business, but he’s back now, rested and refreshed. And boy, is he
“He’s going to tell Big Pete,” John states.
“And the other. The longevity.”
“I will. I promise. He’s just--he just needs a little time. I’m sure everything will be fine.”
He is genuinely surprised when John instead glances up at the sitting room windows and says mildly, “If we need to go to the shops we’d better get a move on. It’s really starting to come down out there.”
“Well, yes, that is more than a bit of a grey area,” Sherlock replies. “In fact, I’m beginning to think a place like Camden might tend to foster a certain extremely morally dubious outlook on life in general. It explains a lot about the woman we’re chasing, if you think about it.”
“Sure,” John says. “See you later.”
John reads the name on the profile. “Hamish Baker?”
“Settle down,” John says firmly. “Hands at your sides.”
think I can. Care to help me find out?”
“I’m gonna come on you,” is what he says instead, which is both truthful and much more in the spirit of the moment.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, exhales, nods. “I want that,” he says, low and ragged. “Very much.”
he bargains with himself.
The brushstrokes resolve into a painting, and suddenly John sees it, crystal clear and horrifyingly obvious.
“I see myself,” Sherlock breathes, his voice low and rough from hours of moaning, of begging, of crying out in pain and pleasure.
“It’s my fault, isn’t it?” John says, his voice dark and ragged. “You thought you were above this before you met me. I did this to you. I dragged you down, made you dirty, made you want this.” John’s working himself in earnest now, long firm pulls from base to tip, his breathing gone deep and uneven. “Now you think about it all the time, don’t you? You can’t stop thinking about how good it feels, how much you want to be fucked. The no sex rule. It’s not about me. It’s about you, because you can’t stop how much you want it all the time.”
“You’re tired.”
John cleans himself off perfunctorily, dropping the cloth over the edge of the bed and curling back up against a warm and shockingly comfortable Sherlock.
“Yes?” John replies, voice low and carefully even.
“Okay,” John says. “Brilliant. But first you need to make time with a shower, a toothbrush, and a glass of water.”
The woman chuckles quietly. “If I was going to kill you, Doctor Watson, I would have done it long before now. Sugar?”
“You make me one. G’night, love.” John sighs and snuggles back against him in sleepy contentment, soon drifting off to slumber.
“We’ll just do it the old fashioned way, then.” John leans back a bit, right hand still gripping the back of the chair for stability, and licks the palm of his left hand, wetting it thoroughly. Pushing stray tendrils of self consciousness aside, John wraps his spit-slicked hand around his very hot, very hard cock, gives it a first, tentative pull.
The kid fishes a battered pack out of his messenger bag.
He suspects the feeling is probably very mutual.
John can feel Sherlock tensing next to him, preparing to spring into action, most likely counting on his stupid superhero coat to protect him.
. “Oh, pet, I’m so sorry. I won’t leave you alone, I wasn’t thinking. I’m coming with you, the bathroom floor can wait.” He grabbed a couple of dry towels and took Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s large palm wrapped around his, docile and trusting as he let John take the lead.
“I know,” Sherlock finally says, conciliatory. “Stop stabbing at the jelly and eat your soup, please? You need the fluids and sodium.”
He sets Sherlock’s mug down carefully on the table, close enough to hand for him to reach easily but not so close as to risk knocking it over and ruining his notes.
Sherlocks raises one eyebrow, gives a tiny, sarcastic shrug. “It’s a mistake you’ll never make again.”
“That I can promise,” Sherlock says, placing a final kiss to the top of John’s head and then he’s gone, size thirteen trainers pounding down the stairs; even his steps sound different in disguise, more thudding, less graceful.
This came along a bit faster than I'd anticipated, so enjoy!
Sherlock shakes his head. “I don’t think--no. I’m sure I haven’t. But I want to. I want to feel you. Let me. Please, let me.”
John huffs out a frustrated, contemptuous noise, shakes his head. “Look. I’m trying to be honest about my life and my decisions. You and your friends in there should do the same. So, no hard feelings. Just... lose my number, okay? I mean it. I have so much to deal with, and I don’t need this particular brand of bullshit.”
“Go on then, London. Impress me.”
It makes something ache inside him, that Sherlock is taking these kinds of risks, facing these fears, making himself vulnerable in a way he hasn't dared to before, maybe ever.
then untied him and took himself out to sleep on the sofa, leaving Sherlock alone all night long with strict instructions to not even
“Oh, that’s nice,” John murmurs, his voice gone rough and quiet. “I love seeing you plugged while you’re helpless like this. I love thinking about how you’re stretched open inside, how full you are.” he nudges the plug, angles it just a touch, and Sherlock can’t stop the low animal noise he makes as the toy brushes his prostate; shudders wrack his body as his still-hard cock twitches and leaks beneath him.
“That infernally chipper nurse said you’ll be cleared to shower after they move you to the step-down unit.” Sherlock rezips the bag, picks it up, and hangs it on then metal hook at the back of the bathroom door. “And I don’t know about solid food. But…” He looks at the untouched water in front of John. “You need to keep hydrating.”
Some days, John Watson is one hundred and sixty nine centimeters of snarly, stroppy, short-tempered dickhead in an unfortunate jumper.
“I didn’t mean sorry like that,” Sherlock says, even though he really did.
"Byzantium," he says.
“John.”
Sherlocks laughs bitterly, pulls away from John’s touch. “He finds me useful, perhaps. But love?” He shakes his head. “A man who’s done what he’s done and can still sleep at night has no concept of love.”
John’s tongue flicks out to moisten parched lips. “Retirement. It’s called retirement.”
P.S. On an errand to a catering supply shop on Shaftesbury. Inexplicably, neither Tesco nor Sainsbury’s carries 4.5 inch multicolour plastic cocktail forks in the large quantities I require. --SH
“Oh, Sherlock,” John murmurs. “Love. Just--just dance with me. Please.” John presses his face to Sherlock’s chest in entreaty.
he thinks.
“That works.”
In one of his more forward-thinking moments, John turns his mobile to silent before shoving it back into his pocket and scanning the perimeter of the room.
“Yes, John.”
John lets out a sigh, fiddles with the seat controls some more as he eyes the futuristic dashboard in front of him, a somewhat baffling array of screens and buttons. It rather reminds him of the Starship Enterprise.
he thinks.
“It was a terrible experience,” Sherlock says, plain and direct, honest but not unkind.
“Answer the question, Mr Holmes.”
“So many nights, John,” Sherlock murmurs softly, so softly he may be talking only to himself. “So many nights in so many rooms, I would sit and talk to you just like this, and you would keep me company, you would answer me, you would illuminate what I couldn’t see for myself. I would think I could hear your voice, sometimes, you were so real to me.
John’s fingers still for a moment as he considers.
“Oh, God,” John rasps. “Jesus. Sherlock.” He takes himself in hand, rubs the side of the shaft against the edge of of his cheekbone. “Open your mouth for me, sweetheart.”
He hears her hesitate, clearly aware that she’s inadvertently caught him in a private and vulnerable moment. Then he hears the soft papery sound of tissues pulled from the box, and she gently nudges his shoulder with her hand holding the Kleenex.
Sherlock gives a tiny sigh and shifts his whole body downwards so he can rest his head on John’s shoulder. His entire body relaxes as he curls into John’s side, and it feels almost like an exhale of a long-held breath.
“Shh, I know,” John murmurs soothingly, reaching up and and adjusting the shower head so the water cascades briefly down Sherlock’s body to wash the soap away. After a moment he nudges the showerhead to the side and the raises himself up on tiptoes to kiss Sherlock’s swollen, reddened lips just once before putting hands on his shoulders and gently pushing him backwards until his back presses into the tiled wall of the tub. Sherlock just stares at him, wide-eyed and uncertain, as John presses his lips to the centre of Sherlock’s sternum, just above his scar.
“So,” John says, somewhat hesitant to broach the topic but needing his curiosity satisfied. “This Adam Kravitz sounds like a piece of work.”
“Will it make any of this easier?” John asks.
“Come on, Doctor Watson.
“No,” Sherlock murmurs, voice deep and rough as gravel. “What I want is you. Now.” His pale eyes lock with John’s just for a moment, and there’s hunger there, but also fear and a little sorrow and John feels it too, the unfairness of it all, the spectre of loss a shadow  over the two of them yet again.
“I want to devour you,” John growls against his lips. “I want to consume every piece of you. I want drink you, swallow you, make you a part of me, in my cells and my bones.”
“No,” John says, turning away. “I’m not.”
“Turn around and face me,” John orders. Sherlock obeys, shuffling awkwardly on his knees until he is again facing John, who sits nonchalant in his chair, as relaxed as if they were watching the ten o’ clock news. He holds the leash--six feet, braided black leather-- loosely in his left hand. John’s right hand reaches out, twists into his hair and pulls, making Sherlock gasp, his eyes watering.
“I’ve improvised with less,” Sherlock replies before reaching into the shower and retrieving the bottle of body wash. He picks up the razor, the plastic comb, and a fresh towel before positioning himself between John’s knees and lowering himself to the floor, sitting back on his heels. He first quickly combs John’s still-damp hair, then carefully combs through his thick, wiry beard. He leans to his side and reaches over to the sink. He scoops out a cupful of water, mixes it with the liquid soap, and thoroughly lathers John’s face with the mixture.
Jefferson shakes his head sadly. “Men were there.”
“And how is it?” John asks.
“It really does,” Sherlock says, bending down to kiss him hard, slipping his tongue boldly into his husband’s mouth. John groans a little into his mouth, his free hand slipping under the blue silk to grip his bare hip.
Sherlock nods, not quite able to form words as the sensations of heat and tightness and almost-pleasure flood his body. He clutches at John, gasping for breath as John works him open.
“We sure did.”
Sherlock doesn’t want to have to communicate. He doesn’t want to have to decide “what he wants from their relationship”. (He can’t even think of that phrase without picturing finger quotes around it, which irritates him beyond reason.) He just wants to wake up with John and eat toast with John and solve cases with John and argue with John and do laundry with John and go to bed with John and have sex with John. Surely that’s simple enough without dragging tiresome relationship issues into the whole thing?
“The really smart ones?” John shakes his head. “Twenty, thirty, cross-referenced.”
“There’s Orangina and Irn Bru in the bag  on the counter,” Sherlock tells him, and John nods his thanks as he opens an Orangina to wash down the medicine. As John’s taking the first fizzy swallow, he notices the numerous takeout cartons spread across the table.
People think they want a big cock, but in reality, well. It can be. Um. A challenge. Logistically.”
“Um, well, you’re welcome, I suppose,” John says, and it’s so very awkward, the heat and possibility of just a few moments ago gone cold in an instant. “Well,” he says, and gestures behind himself. “I’ll just... tube’s that way, so.”
He disappears without waiting for an answer.
“Not that it matters a bit to me,” Sherlock asserts. He goes quiet, buttons his cuffs carefully. “After all,” he says a moment later, avoiding eye contact, “now that you’ve had at me with a number 15 scalpel, merely exchanging rings seems a bit anticlimactic at best.”
“Stop,” John says, cutting him off mid sentence. “Stop this. Stop this nonsense. We’ve come too far to turn back now. Maria is a problem we both created, both of us together, and the mother of my missing child to boot. If you think even for one second I’d let you face her alone -- ”
John doesn’t mean to tease, truly he doesn’t, but Sherlock is so indescribably gorgeous like this, head thrown back, kiss bitten lips red and swollen, his sweat damp body flushed and writhing with need, that John can’t help but draw it out just that little bit longer. He cups his heavy, full bollocks in his hand, kneads them gently, then slips his hand back further, presses an index finger against his perineum. Sherlock moans wantonly, spreading his legs even wider, tilting his hips upward in obvious entreaty.
Sherlock does as asked, giving John his right hand to grip while supporting his back with his left, assisting John as he carefully swings his legs over the side of the bed and uses Sherlock’s offered hand to pull himself to standing. John lets go of Sherlock’s hand; his knees wobble just slightly but he stays upright, takes a tentative step forward, then another.
Doctor Mycroft Holmes, CEO and President of the Holmes Corporation, resides in a spacious penthouse flat perched atop the monolithic ziggurat that houses the entirety of his business.
“Oh, God,” Sherlock gasps. “John. Please. I need--”
“All right, yes,” Sherlock admits, just a touch defensive and maybe a little hurt.  “It’s
Six days in, John surprises himself one morning by considering other ways of breaking the standoff. He considers, briefly, going to Mycroft, then dismisses the idea almost instantaneously, horrified with himself for contemplating it for even a second.
“I just…” Sherlock trails off, sighs a bit, tries again. “This is wonderful. It is. But there isn’t...there’s still...It’s just that one orgasm doesn’t make everything magically better, you realise.”
“The First Sector?” Sherlock shakes his head. “Not really my area.”
His vision has gone grey at the edges, and John is almost at the point of losing consciousness when the dressing room door opens, and two chattering showgirls enter. One of them screams, A thin, piercing shriek that snaps Irene out of her murderous trance. She abruptly releases John, grabbing a vinyl raincoat before shoving the women aside roughly as she flees the room.
The elderly man behind the counter shakes his head. “Futatsu de jubun desuyo.”
“Good,” Sherlock affirms, brushing John’s hair and kissing his forehead in a show of tenderness that would have been shocking a day ago or even an hour ago, but somehow now seems perfect and natural and right. “Very, very good. Amazing. And you?”
John shifts slightly, just a touch closer, and gives Patricia his most winning look. “Patricia, it’s essential we speak with Mister Johnson. Do you think you could be a dear and go let him know that Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are here to speak with him?”
The tiny woman wears a heated, ventilated enviro suit, a lined hood, and goggles against the burning cold of negative thirty degrees centigrade. Jim registers the cold, but it affects him not a bit, does not sear his lungs or slow his fingers as he grabs one of the hoses attached to the back of her suit and yanks hard.
“But I’m... I'm not the person now that I was then. I no longer have that hole inside of me that I have to fill with puzzles and playacting and drama. I’ve changed so much, John, and it goes even deeper than what you see. I want something different, now. I want a chance to build a life with you.”
“Good sluts get what they ask for,” he growls. “Are you a good slut?”
When it’s all said and done, though, John hesitates for only a moment before handing over the gun anyway. It’s not as if Sherlock isn’t going to get what he wants in the end, one way or another.
A few days, even the better part of a week, and John is understanding. Ten days, though, and his temper is verging on positively nasty.
John doesn’t reply, allows Sherlock to steer him into the bedroom.
“You killed me,” Sherlock mumbles, voice deep and hoarse from exertion, as if he has just run a race across all the rooftops of London. “You killed me with sex, and I’m dead now. Surprisingly, there is an afterlife, which goes against all of my long-held beliefs. Even more surprisingly, the afterlife looks like a Fairfield Suites next to the Philadelphia International Airport, which will definitely surprise most learned theologians.” He tilts his head, considering. “Maybe not the Calvinists. They’re an odd bunch.”
“But,” John prompts gently after a long moment.
“You insulted me,” John tells him, “and blatantly disrespected me in front of others. You know I don’t mind a bit of snippiness or sarcasm, there is a lot I let slide, but the way you behaved towards me today was
With the dark shadow of Moriarty looming over them yet again, John sees with shocking clarity how every second they have together is utterly precious. What they have could be taken away at any moment, not just because of Moriarty, but because of the realities of the life they choose to lead.
One more day gone, and one more brick in the wall that’s been growing between them over the past eighteen months.
“Maybe some paracetamol as well,” John adds, half to himself. “Back in a tick.”
“I’ve had McGinty’s body sent to Bart’s,” he begins. “Molly knows this is top priority, she started the autopsy immediately. I’ve also sent officers to the shelter to interview Rocco Napolitano and Timothy Atherton. Hopefully they’ll--”
“--the other missing men could still be alive,” John finishes.
Sherlock watches him go down the hallway and slip into the loo.
are, underneath all the posturing and the defensiveness. Maybe that’s what I want.” John looks at Sherlock. “And maybe that’s exactly what you’re trying to say, just in a different way.
He stood and fetched the coverlet from the side chair and spread it over Sherlock’s immobile form, then spooned himself behind the much longer body and reached behind himself to turn out the light.
“Oh, no,” John sighs. “Oh, no no no. I am over forty, fifteen minutes ago I came so hard I may have ruptured something, and it’s not yet ten a.m. I am taking a nap, and when I wake up we are having breakfast, and then we can
The room is located on the ground floor. The doorframe is dinged and battered, the lock plate scratched and marred. Sherlock jams the key into the lock, shoulders the door open. John follows him into the shade-drawn, darkened room; the unmistakable smell of musty carpet and cheap disinfectant that meets his nostrils is as familiar as an old, slightly disreputable acquaintance from the wrong side of town.
“Roll onto your belly for me,” he tells Sherlock quietly, sitting back down on the bed next to him. Sherlock does so, and John drapes the cool wet flannel over the hot, bright pink skin of his rear. After a moment John moves it downward to his thighs, leaves it there a moment as he uncaps the lotion, begins to smooth it into abused skin.
She says nothing at all. She doesn’t need to. Her gaze is laser-focused on him as she advances another a step closer, then another; then something else altogether catches her attention unexpectedly, causing her focus to shift away from John’s as she looks over his shoulder. A momentary look of surprise crosses her features, and in the next moment she turns away from John and flees, weaving through the sparse crowds, ducking between the rows whistling and dinging and flashing slot machines.
“Oh yeah,” he breathes. “That works.”
Sherlock is clearly expecting John to be upset with him, but honestly John can't find it in him to argue the truth of his words.
“Holy fucking Jesus,
“Take care, Patricia.” John turns and leaves, tucking both drinks into the crook of his left arm to open the door with his right, feeling like a lout, grateful to leave the entire dishonest conversation behind him. He goes to the SUV, heading for the drivers’ side. Sherlock rolls down the window.
John glances down at the to-do list, scrawled in his messy doctor’s hand on the lined page. “Yeah. Got to start somewhere, right?”
When the Marine Sciences professor realised he’d been uncovered as a murderer, he’d tried to bolt from his office and in a blind panic snatched up the first thing at hand to brandish as a weapon--which happened to be a stuffed and mounted Atlantic cod. Taxidermied creatures are remarkably heavy, and as Sherlock had not expected to be brained by a dead stuffed fish, his reaction time was not quick enough to keep the sharp ventral fin from slicing into his scalp just above his ear.
John understands. He does. Intellectually.
“It’s perfect,” John says, voice low and sincere. “You’re perfect.”
John doesn’t pull back, he doesn’t stop. He enters Sherlock’s body so very slowly, inch by inch, until he is fully inside, his hips pressed into the flesh of Sherlock’s arse.
The first bullet hits Irene square in the back; the second tears apart her right shoulder, bright red blossoming inside the transparent vinyl of the raincoat. She’s still running, kinetic motion propelling her blindly across the street, not even slowing as she careens full-tilt into a glass-fronted shop display, pinwheeling through the shattering panes, collapsing on the other side of the neon-lit pedestrian walkway in a bloody, broken heap.
The thought that follows hits him like a thunderbolt.
“No,” Sherlock replies shortly.
“Do as you’re told,” John said in a firm tone, brooking no dissent. “If I have to get the knee spreader out, you
“Yes?” Martinez says, annoyed.
The pair had treated enough minor wounds at home for it to be a bit routine by now; John packed the gouge with antibiotic ointment and Sherlock helped tape on a square of gauze and wrap his leg to hold the bandage in place.
“I am exquisitely aware.”
“Which we are absolutely not going to allow.”
John is rendered literally unable to speak for a moment. Then he breathes out, swallows. "Good God, Sherlock,” John rasps, his voice ragged with desire.“That is the single hottest fucking thing I have ever heard in my life.”
Sherlock nods once, turns, and vanishes with astonishing speed into the shadows as the howling spinners descend again into John’s hellish, endless night.
A pause. “Yes.”
John turns it off. “There’s nothing else on the dial,” he says. “No military, no VOA. Nothing.”
“Was it good?” Sherlock asks, honestly curious.
“Sherlock, darling, I’m making Cornish pasties tonight, if you’d like to come down for dinner.” The message was unmistakable.
The two men stare at each other for another long, uncomfortable moment.
Sherlock nods and tips his head up and to the side, allowing John better access as he moves lower, presses a line of kisses down the right side of that impossibly long throat. He savours the feel of his pulse jumping underneath his lips, bends his head to lick and nibble eagerly at damp curve at the juncture of neck and shoulder as Sherlock‘s fingers spasmodically clutch at the back of his head, his lean frame shivering underneath the weight of John’s body as his hips stutter and push upward, instinctively seeking contact and pressure and friction.
“Well, if this is my dream, I think I would very much like it to end with you coming to bed and sleeping next to me. It’s four a.m., you’re exhausted, and you just polished off 300 milliliters of what I’m hoping, despite the smell, isn’t actually surgical spirit. You need to sleep, and in a proper bed.”
Note: Yep, now it's four chapters. Surprise!
“I need to get a few things. I want you on your knees by the bed when I get back. Do you understand?”
John grips the back of the chair with his right hand for leverage, bends forward at the waist and presses a gentle kiss into tousled curls.
“Enough of this,” a woman’s voice interjects crisply. “Mister Holmes, I don’t know what you’re hoping to achieve, but berating the medical staff every time they dare to approach Doctor Watson’s bedside is not going to help you get it.”
John feels full to bursting with love and tenderness and a little sadness at how Sherlock is still so unsure of this, of them.
“You’re very kind,” he says, meaning it.
Sherlock slides off John’s body, gracefully landing on his knees on the floor, between John’s spread legs. Fascinated, John raises himself up on his elbows, watches as Sherlock unties his shoes, takes them off his feet with the precise care reserved for his most delicate experiments. He comes back up to unbuckle John’s belt, then dips his head, presses a kiss to the bit of soft jiggly flesh below his navel before unbuttoning his jeans with nimble fingers.
“So help me, Sherlock, I’ll do it.” John sighs, takes a sip of his coffee, tries another tack. “Honestly, you’re about to collapse from starvation. I know you…” he drops his voice lower. “I know it’s hard to eat right now. But you need fuel. Please, Sherlock.”
gone completely quiet, John belatedly realises; despite the hardness of his cock and the flexing of his hips, Sherlock hasn’t made a single sound for at least several minutes now, and the sudden awareness and understanding of what underpins the silence makes John’s heart ache more than a little.
“Come for me,” he rasps, “that’s a good boy, good little cockslut whore, show me how hard I make you come.”
“Remind me to tell someone he’s in there,” John says. Sherlock raises an eyebrow but nods.
“Got it in one. He’s not of Ukrainian descent, but Johnson obtained his undergraduate degree at East Stroudsburg University in the same time frame as Pete and Alice Dobrev. They apparently ran in the same circle, and have followed each other on social media for years. It’s circumstantial, but based on everything else I’m certain they’re in on it together.”
“I consider each encounter to be an experiment. Not in the pejorative sense, but in the idea of running multiple trials. You’ve done plenty of lab work, John. Two trials is not nearly enough to draw any kind of accurate conclusions.”
The floor is clean, the windowsills free of dust. John looks under the bed, opens the nightstand drawer. It is empty.
Sherlock breaks away and pulls back a bit, his silver-green eyes searching John’s face with a piercing, questioning look.
“I’m a frankly terrible choice for a romantic partner,” Sherlock murmurs, and John hears the
“And this?” John murmurs, nimble fingers tugging the top button free from its corresponding hole.
“I’m calling 999,” says Sherlock, the frightened edge in his tone sharpening into panic.
And oh, thank God for John, wonderful John, who notices right away that something is badly amiss. He props himself up on one arm and looks at Sherlock with tender concern. “Oh, baby,” he says gently.“You’re having a bad drop, I think. We’ve never gone this long before.” He sits up, arranges Sherlock so his curly head is resting on his naked thigh, and strokes his hair.
Annoyed and feeling strangely guilty, John strides down the front hall, knocks on the closed bedroom door.
John doesn’t miss how Sherlock slips into distancing second person without seeming to notice.
John is sheathed in Sherlock completely, his body hot and snug and unbelievably good around his cock. John looks down at where their bodies are joined, pulls out partway so he can watch himself sliding back in, watch how Sherlock’s body takes him so gorgeously, John’s thick length stretching his hole obscenely wide. It’s breathtakingly lewd and gorgeous.
Sherlock looks at John; John shrugs, raising his eyebrows.
“Is it good?” he murmurs, breath hot against John’s hip.
“Yes, I’m fine--I just--” John breathes deep, exhales. “I’m fine. Just--just go slow.”
“All right?” John asks soothingly.
Sherlock examines the cuticles on his perfectly manicured nails, then takes a deep breath. “John,” he says quietly. “I have something I want to say to you.”
“Oh, God. God. Fuck.” John moans, low and ragged. “I love watching you stretch around me. You take my cock so well.” He’s fully inside now, his hips flush against Sherlock’s arse, bollocks bumping gently into his perineum. “You feel so good, you’re made just for me. I want to fuck you forever.” His hands tighten on Sherlock’s hips and he begins to thrust, so slow, so deliberate. He kisses Sherlock’s shoulder, licks the sweat from his skin. “My perfect creature, my beautiful man.”
Uniformed PCs swarm over the scene, pushing back onlookers, cordoning off the area. A cop approaches him and pulls out a portable retina scanner.
“We’ll try again tomorrow,” says John quietly, evenly, conveying a calm he certainly doesn’t feel inside. “But right now, Sherlock, we’re making way too much of a scene for this time of night. In this area, frankly, the police are the least of our concerns.”
He’s being a bit demanding, he knows, but he’s too far gone to soften the words, to ask nicely rather than rudely demanding more--but Sherlock doesn’t object, takes it in stride, stilling the steady movement of his hand before carefully withdrawing his finger. The loss of that unique feeling, that stretched fullness, leaves John feeling open and oddly bereft, the wetness between his legs cooling in the air as Sherlock rises from the bed to rifle through the bag he carelessly dropped by the door just a little earlier.
“And I’ve decided that for my birthday, I want you to hit me.” Sherlock gathers his last shreds of bravado, gazing directly into John’s surprised blue eyes. “Spank me, to be more precise. With your hand. On my bare arse.”
“I somehow missed that section,” John replies.
“All right?” John asks quietly, smoothing the blanket over Sherlock’s side.
“You turned your back to him on purpose, didn’t you?” John asks as they begin to descend the steps.
"Florida," Sherlock confirms.
“No. I was never okay with it.” Sherlock sighs. “I was seriously questioning my role in the entire enterprise. And there were always certain… inconsistencies in what I was told about my earlier life and what I remembered. I think…” He closes his eyes, shakes his head just a fraction; when he opens them and looks at John again those lovely eyes are tired but clear and calm. “John, I think I’ve always known.”
For long minutes the sounds of suction against wet flesh and the ragged breaths of straining exertion fill the otherwise silent room.
“If I thought you were going too far, I would have.”
He’s about to pull away and begin putting dry goods in the cupboards,when Sherlock’s left hand comes up and long fingers encircle his wrist, holding him gently but firmly.
John’s face does a funny thing as he gazes at Sherlock, his eyes bright with unshed tears. “I want to show you something,” he says, unbuttoning the top two buttons of his shirt. On the grey ball chain from John’s old ID circles hangs a round, polished piece of stone. It is a lovely pale blue-green, streaked with flecks of gold and brown.
“Where are we going?” John asks.
Promise me.”
“Well, then,” he murmurs, his warm baritone of his voice vibrating against John’s rib cage. “Glad that’s sorted.”
After several minutes of stroking and cuddling, Sherlock stirs in his arms, resettles, gives a croaky, rough sigh, then shivers a little. John can feel his damp skin growing clammy in the cool air; without breaking contact, John sits up a little to grab the mashed-down coverlet, pulling it over their entwined bodies.
And he’s not at all sure when he will be ready.
"Sentiment," Mary sneers. "As you might say, Sherlock, not really my area."
Sherlock ignores her jibe. “ I have to say, this is a very interesting choice of business venture you’ve undertaken. High cash volume on a daily basis. Perishable product, difficult to track accurately, requiring large amounts of storage space and daily transport all over the tri-state region. All in all, a perfect cover for your real operation.”
He swallows past the sharp black fear lodged in his chest, fights for a lungful of air.
He doesn’t know if he can come again so soon, if he even wants to, but it doesn’t matter what he wants. He doesn’t get to want anything, except what John wants. The thought of being John’s sexual plaything, his pet, his willing slave--his cock is stiffening nicely, now, at the thought of his submission to John’s will.
Sherlock says nothing as he sweeps out of the dingy restaurant, trusting John will be following at his heels. He strides halfway up the block, ducks into the dark, slightly sour-smelling alley.
A murmur of surprise ripples around the table, along with a murmured “So sorry” from somewhere.
Whatever the reason, it takes less than three seconds to pick up the knife and draw the blade diagonally across his inner forearm, a few inches above the welling scratch.
Reduced to passivity by the handcuffs, Sherlock moans around John’s shaft, hollowing his cheeks and sucking harder, sliding his tongue against the vein on the underside. John is rock hard, blood hot, musky from a day of running around the city.
No answer.
“All right,” John breathes. “Yes, God, fuck, you’re so amazing, but we’re never going to get there if you keep that up.” He closes his own hand around Sherlock’s larger fist, stilling his movement, then takes their joined hands away from his cock, already missing the delicious friction of it. “Ah. Okay.” he places a flat palm on the centre of Sherlock’s torso, over his heart, and pushes gently. “On your back, then, love. Knees up.”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” John murmurs. “Are you very sore?”
For some reason this makes John giggle all over again. Which makes Sherlock start giggling all over again, although he’s not entirely sure what he said that was funny.
“That you’re smart and also a real asshole. And you don’t go anywhere without your little boyfriend trailing in your shadow.”
John makes a low, choked noise that sounds something like a laugh.
“Yes,” he sighs, arching into John’s touch. “Very good.”
John has no idea how much time has passed when he is abruptly jolted back into a groggy, blurry semi-awareness by the tremendously unpleasant feeling of something rough and unyielding being pulled out of his throat, the hard material scraping his palate and epiglottis from the inside out. The deeply unpleasant and confusing sensation makes him gag and retch and cough; the involuntary reflexive movements set off a chain reaction of shooting, piercing pain, lancing through his abdomen and chest and spreading through his entire body.
Sherlock pulls away, looks up at him, uncertain.
“No worries,” the kid replies, putting his earbuds back in and walking away without another word.
“Were you… did you find anything?”
Sherlock sighs a little, just a tiny exhale of breath really, and even in his depths of misery John sees how much Sherlock is trying to reach out to him, to care for him, to remind him he’s not alone.
“You need tissues,” Sherlock says, releasing his hold on John before slipping out of bed and into the ensuite. John hears water run, and he can visualise how Sherlock is splashing his face with cupped palmfuls of water, erasing the evidence of his own unguarded moment, putting himself back together once again so he can be strong for John.
“Phone DI Lestrade,” Sherlock commands imperiously while John rolls his eyes.
There is a swelling wave of tumult and noise behind the two of them, and John senses rather than sees two equipment-laden men come up and kneel down next to his supine form.
“John,” Sherlock tries again. “Alcohol is lowering your emotional threshold and causing disinhibition--”
In his imagination, it was never this stilted and awkward.
He watches Adam Kravitz turn towards his wife and smile down at the baby. He gently cups the back of her softly fuzzed little head with his hand, paternal, possessive.
“Morning, love,” he murmurs, unable to keep the besotted grin off his face.
“He died while you were in Afghanistan; had a seizure at the wheel, likely alcohol-related, and crashed headfirst into a tree. You hadn’t spoken to him in twelve years. I didn’t deduce that bit, you told me the year of his death and I looked it up on the internet. Your mum lives alone in a pensioner’s flat; you’re not technically estranged but you seldom speak. She knows you’re in a relationship with a man but pretends she doesn’t because while she’s not offended by the idea she finds it uncomfortable to discuss. That part, Harry told me once when she turned up half-pissed after a visit with her that didn’t go well.”
Sherlock sighs. “Can you please do something...with that?” He waves an annoyed hand at the deconstructed meal. “It looks like, I don’t know, some kind of botched pizza autopsy. it’s revolting.”
“I admire the initiative you’ve shown,” says Anthea/Evelyn, “trying to slip in here at the crack of dawn for minimal pushback. Must have had to get up very early indeed. But you see, I never even went to bed, Detective, and I'm here to ensure, as I’ve repeatedly explained to your superiors, that this interview is not happening.”
“How does that make you feel?” John asks, low and serious.
But John is, if nothing else, good at social niceties, good enough for both him and Sherlock. It’s been one of his primary relationship responsibilities for years, and in this moment, he has an opportunity to put that talent to use. Their primary objective here is getting past the receptionist and in to see Alex Johnson, and they’ve been unexpectedly handed a golden ticket. John needs to cash it in despite still feeling battered, sliced, and emotionally exhausted. He gathers himself, gives her a winning smile, extends his hand.
“That would be the perfectly logical explanation,” Mycroft replies evenly, “if his presence at a state dinner in Kiev four hours earlier wasn’t confirmed by three credible eyewitnesses.”
Silence. Then Sherlock gives a heavy, slightly shaky exhale.
The bedroom is circular, just as Mary described it to him, with windows ringing the entire perimeter. The floral wallpaper is torn, faded. On the floor lies a blanket-covered mattress, a pillow, a hairbrush, several items of clothing in a tangled pile.
Sherlock curls himself around his husband, seeking comfort in the warm, solid vitality of the body as familiar to him as his own.
“I’m not in the business,” Sherlock says. His voice is flat, deadened by grief. “I
It surprises Sherlock when he realizes he wants to say no.
This is the reason Sherlock is partial to cryptography. He likes this zone, where he’s working, challenged, thoroughly absorbed and focused but not stressed out or frustrated or angry at himself, with John nearby, ready to spring into action and offer assistance if needed.
John doesn’t fully register that he’s gone quiet and distant until he notices Sherlock looking at him, his brow creasing with concern.
He tries not to wonder if he’s been designed to smell that fucking fantastic.
For the first time in---well, in a very long time--John really thinks about who he is and what he wants.
“And utterly horrifying,” John adds.
“This is the hard part, isn’t it?” he says, quiet and serious. “When we’re not…” he waves his hands in the air, vaguely gesturing towards nothing, and everything. “Running on adrenaline, chasing leads, solving cases, running down bad guys, facing danger and death. That all comes so…not easy, it’s never easy, but we attract it, we’re drawn to it, we keep finding ourselves in it up to our very necks, and we just keep moving forward. Like sharks that can’t stop swimming. Things only get hard when we’re just, you know. Existing.” He shakes his head, looks down at his hands. “John. Why are we such rubbish at just
-- but he will never, ever feel any kind of love for her again.
“It wasn’t really intended as a kidnapping.”
Brings John’s fingers up to his mouth, brushes his lips across them.
He pretty much hates everything that’s not his life here on Baker Street with Sherlock.
Their breathing is loud in the still, quiet room.
John feels his throat tighten and his chest constrict with emotion for a moment; he then decides these maudlin thoughts are unproductive at best and a dangerous distraction at worst, and pushes them aside to focus on the current situation. He plucks the cup out of Sherlock’s hand, tips back a mouthful of slightly flat lukewarm cola to moisten his dry mouth, and hands the drink back without comment.
It's late morning, bright sunlight filtering under the blackout curtains. His body is leaden and aching, his mind fuzzy with the confusion of the time change, the internal and external clocks still at war with one another.
He remembers a class from his first year of medical school, about the use of preservative solutions during organ transport.
, he thinks.
“John, I want to help,” Sherlock finally says softly. “More than anything. But you need to tell me what you’re thinking.”
“Not so much evil as spoiled, lazy, and used to taking the easy way out of everything.”
When they reach Mycroft’s grave, Sherlock lowers himself onto the grass, settling Lily on his lap. She squirms a little, eager to get up and try out her newly-acquired walking skills.
“I need to get us cleaned up. Will you be all right for a moment?” Any other time Sherlock would give him a snarky rejoinder about not being mentally handicapped; one-foot-still-in-subspace Sherlock just nodded and closed his eyes. John hurried to the bathroom and fetched dry flannels and a basin of warm water as quick as he could. By the time he returned to the bedroom Sherlock’s breathing was calm and even.
The queen bed, though, is what grabs his attention: it looks sinfully inviting after nearly two weeks of hospital living, with an expensive-looking deep gunmetal duvet and a multitude of large fluffy pillows.
"Dobrev and his wife have apparently left town on a
His body aches, clamours in protest as he rises, rubs his aching shoulder--interestingly he notes how his leg continues to feel fine, not even a twinge of pain. He looks over at Sherlock’s dark head, bent over the keys of the piano, picking out a melody, his fingers tentative at first but increasing in confidence as he goes on.
John suddenly feels absolutely, irrationally certain he’ll die if he isn’t touching him, certain that his need for Sherlock is so deep in him, in the very cells of his body, that he’ll wither and perish if they’re not touching each other every single moment of their lives, in every single way possible. He takes the bar of Sherlock’s expensive French soap and rubs his palms together before running them over Sherlock’s impossibly long, hard torso, scrubbing the suds into his chest, his shoulders, his back with gentle circular motions, reveling in the feel of Sherlock’s alabaster-pale skin so warm and alive under his fingertips. Sherlock just watches him, lips parted just slightly, seemingly rendered mute as John washes his body with careful tenderness.
he was subject to.”
“You don’t know that,” John protests. “Not for sure.”
John chuckles again, but it’s fondness, not derision.
“Only you would be find citrus cleaner more offensive than the smell of slaughterhouse in July,” John replies amiably. Closing the fridge door, he leans over to look at the wall on the other side of the refrigerator, and sees the normally-overflowing bin has been emptied as well, and a fresh liner installed. Not for the first time, he wonders how Sherlock is able to accomplish three hours of work in a little over an hour, and look utterly unruffled and indolent by the time John returns.
Sherlock showers and dresses, mind racing, trying to think of what John might say. What he should say to John. How to make things right, once and for all.
of it.”
it, through blood and sweat and yes, tears that neither you nor anyone one else will ever, ever see. I’ve paid a terrible price for something I never wanted, but it’s mine now, fair and square, and don’t you dare say or even think otherwise, Sherlock. Not
“Indeed he is,” John tells her. “In fact, he’s been enormously helpful.”
The kid cocks his head to the right, looks at him, grins. “Where he goes, trouble’s seldom far behind.”
“How would your rate your pain level today?” Glenn asks, clipping the pulse oximeter onto John’s right index finger.
“So why are we giving him money if he’s on the brink of getting arrested?”
“How many more times, Sherlock?” John asks, his voice gone hoarse with anger and frustration. “How many more times do I have to mourn you? I did it for two years already, how long will it be for the next round? Will we do another dress rehearsal, or will you stay decently
John’s back arches off the bed as he comes with a guttural, animal cry of pleasure, his stretched hole clenching and spasming around Sherlock’s fingers, the pressure against his prostate making him come harder than he ever has before. The wrenching bliss seizes his body, waves of mindless ecstasy making him shudder and cry out as his semen spurts gorgeously across Sherlock’s face, his willing, open mouth, his full lips and waiting tongue.
“You have to admit, it’s not an everyday occurrence,” John notes.
Though it verges on ridiculous to still feel this rush of tingling heat at watching Sherlock in motion, after all these years, John honestly doubts he’ll ever stop noticing. He’ll still be blatantly eyeing up Sherlock’s lovely frame well into their senior years, if he has any say in the matter.
“There’s three left for you,” Sherlock says, taking a long swallow of his coffee. “One of them’s the jam kind that you like.”
John gives the casserole a pass (she knows he doesn’t eat meat, of course, but for some reason Mrs Hudson never thinks chicken counts) but takes generous helpings of salad and potatoes and two buttered rolls, and finds himself cleaning his plate while Mrs Hudson fills him in on the latest news about Baker Street. He listens with genuine interest as she recounts the latest chapter in Mr Chatterjee’s ongoing familial drama and the Davidson’s possible marital breakdown after 45 years together.
"And it was painful?"
“You live here all by yourself?” Jim inquires politely.
After the front door slams, John puts down his pencil with a sigh and rubs at his sore, tired eyes. He feels like he has been crying, or maybe that he could cry, and for hours. He doesn’t quite know which.
To the right of the sink sits the hygiene kit; it contains a toothbrush and travel-size toothpaste, floss and mouthwash,  a cheap double-blade razor, and a small black plastic comb. John becomes aware he hasn’t brushed his teeth in… Jesus Christ, has it been nearly a week? With that new realisation it suddenly feels like he’s grown a fur coat over his entire mouth.  He applies toothpaste to the brush and sets to work, then bends gingerly to sip a cupped handful of water from the tap.
John gets it then, belly flooding with black dread. He feels ill. Sherlock looks poleaxed, his eyes wide and shocked for a moment before he regains his composure.
John’s mouth finds Sherlock’s again as he slides his hands down slim hips, across the swell of his round arse. For a moment he revels in the feel of it under his fingertips, shockingly lush and warm, incongruous on Sherlock’s spare, lanky body; then he cups his palms under and lifts, giving a bit of a grunt as he settles Sherlock’s surprisingly solid frame on top of the kitchen table.
As Sherlock ducks into the kitchen to fetch his juice, John marvels at Sherlock’s ability to...well, to
John huffs in irritation. “But it’s
The world continues to turn.
him.”
“You’ve never done that before, hm?” John asks tenderly, resisting the urge to wipe at his wet face, not wanting to embarrass or upset a vulnerable Sherlock.
“Dude, do I look like I have a fucking HR department here? That’s not how this works. I’ve never even seen her in person. That was part of the arrangement. I agreed to take her on as a favor to Lou, but I know she must be compromised or something from how eager Lou was to get rid of her. It’s purely a long-distance relationship. The less I know about Maria Kochencko, the better this goes for me.”
John sighs, nods, knowing his words are the truth.
“But still,” John says aloud to the empty driver's seat. “What gives His Majesty the right to act so pissed off about the whole thing?”
“Regarding case file ACD one-eight-nine-five. Holmes Corporation. All records pertaining to--” John’s gaze flicks to the bottle of vodka. He decides against it. Numbed is fine, but he’s no use to anyone roaring drunk. “All records pertaining to replicant designated Sherlock Holmes.”
He completely expects Sherlock to eviscerate the pharmacist with a razor-sharp retort. Instead he merely shrugs, regards the man in front of him levelly.
Mycroft doesn’t answer for several long minutes, instead staring pensively out the window, each passing streetlight playing across his sharp features in waves of light and shadow.
“Perhaps I could go find you one of those little cups of juice,” Sherlock offers. “And maybe some fresh ice. I know it’s not food, but you could chew it a little. That’s got count for something.”
John releases his cock from his mouth with a loud wet slurp, kisses his lower belly as he slides his fingers carefully out of his body. Sherlock shivers and whimpers a bit at the loss of contact as John sits back on his heels, grabbing a stray pillow from against the headboard.
Johnson looks up at John. “Do you have any proof the child is yours?”
(And if Sherlock’s breathing wavers as well, if John feels warm dampness on the patch of skin behind his ear, if he possibly takes cover in John’s moment of emotional breakdown to allow himself his own -- well, there’s no particular need or benefit in putting Sherlock under the spotlight for it, is there.)
“It’s not far,” John says, “And I absolutely cannot recall the last time you offered to cook for me, so I’m not passing that up.”
If there was anything else going on, Sherlock would have never even bothered to answer Greg’s texts, not even to say “Piss off.” There wasn’t, though, so he crankily acquiesced, muttering and complaining the whole while.
With a weary sigh, John pockets his mobile and turns on his heel towards the pub on the corner, and the promise of a much-needed drink or possibly three.
Framed in the gilt edges of the mirror is a man on his knees, restrained, wrists cuffed securely to his thighs, black leather collar around his long slim neck.  Dark pink marks mar the pale skin of his stomach and pectorals, physical tokens of a riding crop expertly applied. His nipples, pierced by small silver barbells, are puffy and red  from hours of rough use, of fingers and teeth teasing and tormenting them. A purple love bite blooms on his shoulder. His lips are so dark and swollen they look almost bruised, his face suffused with mottled blush of arousal.  His eyes are hooded and glassy, his hair a wild tangle of curls.
Sherlock nods and does as John asks, sliding himself to the middle of the bed, lying flat on his back, knees spread; as he gazes at John, his face expectant, a trace of anxiety visible in his eyes, his nerves evident in his drooping, rapidly softening cock.
But John is his other half, deeply and irrevocably connected to him in this profoundly strange and intimate dance, and he sees it immediately, sees the minute shift of Sherlock’s shoulders and the strangled breathing. In the next moment John is on his knees, crop tossed aside, running gentle fingertips along his shoulders.
“I’m not--there isn’t--” Sherlock’s measured breathing falters.
John is tight, controlled, his face showing no emotion as they slide into the back of a cab.
“I’m so glad,” John purrs, soft and fond, as his fingers find his other nipple. stroking and flicking and rubbing as Sherlock arches and sighs with pleasure. “Do you do this to yourself, sometimes?” he asks.
was the danger zone. He wasn’t in danger when he was angry or upset, but rather, when he was
. Do you understand?”
