“Yeah.” Dean wracked his brain, wondering where to begin. “I think I experienced most of the actual gay panic pretty early on. I mean, when you get angel married to a being wearing the vessel of a dude—a dude you’ve thought was wicked hot for longer than you’d allowed yourself to acknowledge—you kinda have to face that part of yourself head on. At least when it involves near-constant proximity to your crush for possible years on end.” He rubbed his face with his hands. When had his life gotten so weird? “Well, although I faced it internally, Cas and I’ve never had that talk. About my sexuality–”
So he pushes it all down again. He’s got a job to focus on, and whatever is happening with Cas too. So much for some peace and quiet, huh? Dean gets out of the shower after his heart has stopped racing and his dick is back to a more comfortable position. Once he’s dressed, he heads back into the motel room, dropping his bag on the bed on his way to table where three Gas-N-Sip cups wait.
books tell it, that was happening long before the bond came into the picture. You won’t mess this up, not really. You’ll make mistakes, yeah, but nothing that could irreparably harm him or break the two of you apart. Just … learn to talk, Dean. And remember, you’re not alone anymore. If you ever do have problems, go talk to someone, ask for help. Me, Sam, Bobby, even Claire and Kevin, we’re here for you, and we love you. Not to mention, we all ship you two so hard. We want to see this work.”
“I don’t know, Dean.” Sam’s voice is annoyingly sing-song-y. “You had a pretty happy smile on your face.”
“Awesome, the great angel-human guinea pig experiment begins,” Dean bit out. “I’ll come find you when it gets bad.”
Dean wakes to an intense heat, like someone filled a blow-up doll with hot water and placed it behind him. He’s on his left side, facing the motel door, and his arm hangs off the edge of the bed. Something has him locked in place like a hot band around his waist. He tenses when he feels warm air on the back of his neck. He tries to remember last night.
“Yes, I definitely want to. Both meanings of sleep, to be clear.” Castiel winks at him, and Dean’s face flushes further.
Castiel pulls (reluctantly) away from Dean’s warmth and forces himself out of bed. He frowns at Sam as he goes for one of the coffees. “What research? We solved the case.”
“No, but,” Sam says with a finger raised, “people are disappearing from their homes with no struggle. I checked it out, and it’s actually a sorta common theme throughout history, all over the world. And every time it’s happened, the city in question has been in the midst of some sort of turmoil—plagues, struggling infrastructure, siege, blight. Only the Hamelin case has been
Cas cocked his head and thought about it. “Yes, it’s pleasantly cool, and the material is very soft. I should have realized all of your clothes would feel as comfortable as you always look.”
Dean forces a chuckle. Sam has got to be lying. Cas may have the weird angel vibe still, but he acts plenty human too. And not just around him. Dean has come into rooms to see Cas talking to other people. He smiles and shrugs, he drinks coffee. He has a room at the bunker. He nerds out over books and documentaries. He tells terrible jokes. “Whatever,” he says.
Dean scratched his neck, feeling embarrassed. “Yeah? I mean, you’re my best friend, so I obviously feel comfortable around you. And when you’re around, I feel like everything is going to be okay, no matter what.”
Charlie arrived in late afternoon, and with her appearance, the noise levels went up a few notches. Even with the additions of Kevin and Claire, it had stayed pretty quiet, but with Charlie, it felt a bit more like a real hub. He wondered if it had the chance of reaching the bustle he imagined it had held before the place had gone into lockdown. He hoped so. The hunting world needed at least some manner of centralization. Bobby did what he could, but he was one man in a rambling house with no filing system for his book stash. He was definitely a resource they still used, but they didn’t need to rely solely on him anymore.
After the movie, everyone split up to their rooms. After a promise from Claire to stay for a few weeks, Dean decided to call up Charlie about getting her in for archery, and maybe even hacker, lessons for the new kids. He was lying on the bed and Cas was at the desk when he made the call.
Cas froze, then stiffly stepped back. “Alright. I can stand just outside your door, if you don’t mind me coming in and out of the room periodically to quiet the bond.”
He’d just finished when Sam poked his head back in. “Guys? I found the desk, but I’m not sure we can move it ourselves. It’s, like, twice as heavy as the shelves.”
“No, no. It’s- it’s good. It’s just … you really want me around? I thought after you came to hide in here, that it meant you’d prefer to be alone all the time.”
By the time Dean finished double checking that he really wasn’t feeling the effects of being apart from Cas for too long, they’d reached the Amazon’s house. Despite not needing to hurry, he was out of the car and halfway up the sidewalk by the time Sam finished parking.
He thought about the kiss as he brushed his teeth. He thought about the kiss as he washed his face. He thought about the kiss as he changed into pajamas. He thought about the kiss while lying in bed, waiting for Cas to join him. Then the bed dipped, and Cas settled on his side next to him, their fingers intertwined and his chin resting in the crook of Dean’s shoulder. He wore Dean’s Fleetwood Mac shirt that he often managed to “accidentally” grab instead of his own sleep shirt, and Dean would never lodge one complaint about the thievery.
“Humanity has many gifts that angels don’t possess,” Cas says slowly. “Joie de vivre, free will, pity, love, forgiveness.”
“That help?” Dean asks quietly, putting his hand back, sweeping it soothingly through Cas’s (soft, so soft) hair.
Dean drops his gaze to the table, and the smile that had been at the corners of his mouth halts. “Oh, right. Yeah. Just the one feather this morning, I figured this was comin’.” He nods down at the table.
He leaned his head back against the shelf behind him. Well, that was a bit … much, but hell, had it felt good to get it out in the open. He’d shared bits of it with Cas, of course, but Cas was always so accommodating and careful. Bobby at least could understand where Dean was coming from.
“It’ll be fine, Professor Stomachache. The connection should be pretty small. You probably won’t even notice the drain, if Sammy is reading his Enochian correctly.”
The bond continued to develop and change. Dean’s hearing and sight got even better, and Cas burst into tears watching the end of
“Nah, she’s had this date locked down for months,” Garth explained. “Something about probability and Mercury in retrograde, or something.” He paused. “Although that
They lay back down, and Dean buried his face in Cas’s neck, and Cas slid his hand over Dean’s heart, and it was perfect. “What made you choose tonight?”
Dean closed his eyes and sighed. Shit like this wasn’t supposed to happen when Sam was in charge. He was the careful, thoughtful one. It was Dean who impulsively jumped into a half-baked plan without thought for the consequences.
Cas finished his careful measuring and grabbed the pot to add water. “Sam taught me a few months ago. He said that even though I had no reason to need to get on your good side, it’s always better to make sure coffee is available before you turn into a ‘grumpy motherfucker.’”
It still gets Dean when Cas references pop culture. Not so much movies and books that he knows about from Metatron’s infodump, but technology, modern music, and whatnot. Yeah, that’s weird. He smiles into Cas’s temple. “What about angel radio?”
feel the effects of alcohol, but it was far more dulled than it would have been in his pre-bonding days. Dean hoped he’d get to keep at least this little bit, and not have the effects lessen even more as the bond cemented itself further inside him. Shaking his head in disgust, he slid out from under Baby. She had new oil, and her engine sounded great. He was a little annoyed that he kept his car in such good shape that it took very little work when he wanted to really spoil her. But on the other hand, he was proud to have such a well-maintained car, given all she’d been through over the years.
“If you want another set of drawers, we might need you to zap them in the room, since we lost the pack mule,” Dean told Cas as they reached the room.
“And … I might have exaggerated how many hunts I have under my belt.” She looked at him straight on then, apparently nothing left to hide.
Dean pulls into a spot, and he and Sam get out. Cas stays put, and so Dean sticks his head back in the car. “What’s wrong now?”
, Dean berated himself as he watched Cas chew thoughtfully. He quickly stuffed another bite in his own mouth.
are kinda like bird wings. Yeah,” he continues excitedly, getting into the idea. “Few angels spend a ton of time on Earth, so no one probably talks about it, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen. Or, maybe, it usually doesn’t happen, but with your wings like they are from falling, they’re finally trying to regrow.”
In which TFW works on the case, Cas continues to act strange, and Sam is so fucking tired of Dean and Cas's shit
Cas glares but keeps going. He does another three laps before Dean finally gives up and lets him back in the car. He complains for the first ten minutes of the ride, then goes silent. After a few minutes, Dean looks in the mirror to see him passed out in the back seat.
I experience it has changed. Whereas before, I would make note of the sensation and move on—like how you would note the color of Dean’s shirt—now I’m not so distanced from the sensation. My way of interacting with the world is changing, I believe.” He looked mildly thoughtful about it, but not concerned, while Dean quietly freaked out, not happy with how this bond was exchanging what it gave each of them. An angel feeling heat and expressing discomfort wasn’t a good thing.
“Thanks, Cas. That- that really means … a lot. Yeah.” He let out a yawn so fake even Cas would be able to see it for the cover up it was. “Wow, I guess cooking for a crowd took a lot out of me. And we’ve likely got a lot of training ahead of us the next few days. I should get some shut-eye.”
, unless he wanted to hit that stage, but he didn’t make it passed getting out of the car, stumbling, and trying to say Cas’s name before blackness overtook him.
Sam walks into the kitchen the morning after he’d had to watch Dean and Cas make worried, longing eyes at each other, and he just
cuddle) in front of the television. He’s not sure what about it helps Cas—is it pure physical contact, or contact specifically with Dean—but he’s not fighting it. The rest of the time, he tries to find little ways to ease his best friend’s discomfort, bringing him tea or snacks (birds need extra food for energy when molting, so it can’t hurt), settling blankets around him when he gets chilled, letting him pick what to watch, even when he picked last time and it’s
Cas clenches his hands at his side and continues walking. “For one, they look terrible: ragged, burnt, and mangled. Wings are meant to intimidate our enemies, but who fears this mess?” He gestures behind him at the hidden wings. “And two … I guess they’re just not something a human has ever seen, so it feels a bit like I’m flashing you.”
“I’m not biting your head off. I don’t eat, and even if I did, humans would not be my preferred food.”
“Oh?” Dean glances at Sam, who shrugs. Then he frowns, realizing something. “Then how come we don’t see a whole pile of feathers when an angel dies? They’d lose their grace once the angel is dead, right?”
“Yeah, just trying to remember where some empty bookshelves are. Thought Cas could use one in our room to put his personal books on and class up the joint.” There, that would help, right? He was calling it their room and showing that he wanted Cas to be comfortable there. He looked over at his angel to find that he was frowning. Maybe not as good a save as Dean expected then …
Cas squeezed his hand when he opened his mouth again, and he shut it. Claire was sort of Cas’s responsibility after all. He didn’t need Dean butting in.
in the last few years. When he first came to Earth, he didn’t know a damn thing about anything, humans included. He could rattle off orders in a million languages and dates of major human events throughout history, but us humans? How we really worked? Nada. He was clueless. And even though it’s true that your dad asked for Cas to take him as a vessel, neither of them really knew what they were getting into. And your dad? He didn’t leave you for nothing. Because of him, because Cas had a way to be on Earth, he saved the whole fucking world. Your dad’s a hero. But even knowing all of that, Cas still sees using him as a vessel as his greatest mistake.” He rolled his head to the side to look at her.
They’re relaxed, that’s what it is. There’s a softness in their eyes and their edges, a looseness in their muscles. And then there’s the way Dean grins at Cas with massive heart eyes. Yeah, it’s a look Sam’s seen on him before, but it’s never been so open, so unguarded. It’s incredibly soppy, and Sam is definitely teasing him about it.
“A quick touch two or three times an hour, though the more constant the touch, the quicker the bond will settle. You’ll feel the pull when the need becomes absolutely necessary, and relief when the touch has done its job.”
Dean rubbed his eyes. “No, that’s not what I meant. It’s just that … the chair isn’t very comfortable. You can’t sit in that thing every night for the foreseeable future. You won’t last two days that way. Just … get on the fucking bed, okay? Other side,” he added when Cas looked at him puzzled, waving to the empty side. Dean was generally a middle of the bed sleeper, and the bed wasn’t exactly big, but he thought he could manage to keep to his side if there was someone else taking up space. Hopefully. With the damn bond, who knew what could happen, and he deliberately didn’t let himself think on it.
“Ah, no. It was before that, but still fairly recent.” His cheeks go a bit pink, but he looks pleased.
, I’m getting all of these cool powers out of it—strength, speed, quick thinking, I think I can even smell and see better—and what’s he getting? Being super sensitive to fabric textures and the ability to taste food. What the fuck kind of exchange is that? It sucks, and I gotta find a way to get him out of this deal. What if he falls or becomes increasingly human and one day he dies? I can’t have that on me. I’ve already done so many shitty things to him, I can’t let his end be on my head. Fuck, he should’ve run ages ago.”
Dean pokes him with a finger before rubbing his back again. “Okay, Sarcastic Sally. No need for the ‘tude. I’m trying to help you.”
Sam, Kevin, and Claire spent the time before dinner cleaning out an old formal dining room that had been shut up until Cas had stumbled across it a few weeks before. With their guests, it made more sense to eat at a table with more room to spread out than the kitchen table offered. Plus, fancy burgers deserved a fancy eating space. They even found old candlesticks, a miraculously not moth-eaten tablecloth, and fancy dishes in the huge, dark wood dresser thing in the room (Sam corrected Dean, calling it a sideboard).
Dean shrugged as well as he could while lying down. “Not everyone is meant to be smart, Cas. I’m okay with being one of those people. I’ve got guns and food.” He winked, trying to cover his self-consciousness.
There is some canon divergence for Claire’s life following her first experience with Cas and the Winchesters. I cobbled together some of her canon backstory with a health dose of my own ideas to fit this story. Same goes for Charlie and Kevin. Without leviathan and angel tablets, neither of these characters should be part of the storyline, but Dean needed a family, and I didn’t want to create OCs. Just go along with the handwavy-ness.
. He thinks about leaving, but he can’t make himself do it. As much as the Winchesters aggravate him these days, he’d miss them more if he left. Besides, where would he go? Things may be calm, but that doesn’t mean he’d be welcome in Heaven or with his brothers and sisters. And now that Castiel has a real place to call home, he doesn’t want to leave. So he stays and just quarrels with Dean—and Sam, to a much lesser extent—constantly.
“Who is Freddie Mercury?” Cas wandered into the kitchen and sat down next to Dean. He put his hand on top of Dean’s. It was a long-practiced move, but it felt different, now that they were different. It felt better. Sam didn’t even bat an eye, and Dean realized they probably could have a completely secret relationship with no effort on their part. But he didn’t want that. He wanted to be ‘out,’ as the kids said.
“Can’t sleep,” he pouts, and nothing else is said. Dean puts his arms around him and sweeps a hand soothingly up and down Cas’s back, and Cas sighs.
“You didn’t just grab what was on top?” Dean asked. Never having cared about clothes before, Dean assumed Cas’s own choices last night and this morning had been the first things he’d grabbed.
Dean put an arm around Cas’s shoulders. “Come on, Sammy. This guy loves humanity. You really think he’d
“I …” Cas stopped and thought. “Yes, I suppose I did.” He frowned. “Is this a side effect of the ritual? Is that the mistake?”
Without a word, Cas stumbles into the room, shutting the door behind him and crawling onto the bed beside Dean. He’s apparently brought his entire bedding with him, which he arranges around them before settling himself flush against Dean’s side.
“Okay, we’ll come back to that, then. What else do you want? Do you want to own a house? Set up a bookstore? Walk dogs?”
So he impatiently waited the two weeks it’d be until the open house party Sam was planning. Luckily, he had a honeymoon to book, and he and Cas took Claire on a hunt. Sam and Bobby were working on finding her a partner, but in the meantime, she’d finally promised them she wouldn’t go alone. And it turned out she was pretty good, for a kid. She couldn’t do the professional agent angle, but since the case dealt with teens, she’d been perfect for undercover. And she asked good questions; she was a smart cookie, though she still needed to work on her gun skills. But, again, good for a kid.
Cas cocks his head in that way that Dean refuses to think is adorable before giving a shy nod. They head outside to a path through the surrounding trees that Dean has worn away over the years he’s called the bunker home. A little time communing with mother nature goes a long way to calming a restless mind or spirit, he’s found.
?” he asks, leaning a hip on the edge of the sink to face his best friend. All the annoyance leaves him, and he’s back to the fondness he prefers.
Sam rolled his eyes, but grabbed a plate, a few pancakes, and his coffee. “You do realize it’s almost noon, right?”
A breath of air tickles Castiel’s ear, and he swats at it. The movement makes him realize he’s not sleeping. He takes note of his surroundings without opening his eyes. He can hear cars on the interstate outside and water running in the bathroom sink. The slightly burned-smelling coffee scent means Sam has made a trip out for morning provisions. But still, he doesn’t open his eyes. If he’s awake, he can at least avoid reality until he opens his eyes.
Cas stiffened and pulled his hand away, and Dean felt and hated the loss immediately. Damn bond, fucking with his mind already. He sat back and rubbed his temple.
“I’d say it’s closer to number forty,” Sam confided to Claire. “Don’t feel you have to feed his ego if you’re not hungry.”
Charlie stayed for a week, and Claire for another after that, and after they’d both gone, the bunker felt too quiet, even though four people remained ensconced inside. After a week of too much quiet, Dean talked Cas into a hunt. Had he been thinking, he would’ve stayed at home, or at least picked a hunt closer to the bunker, but it took him twenty minutes into the drive to Montana to realize it would be just him and Cas in a car together for, like, a thousand hours. For the first part of the drive, he ignored the thought and let himself get lost in the freedom of the open road. They didn’t get out nearly as much as they used to, and he missed it. Yeah, part of him liked having a home base, with a kitchen and a memory foam mattress and the stability of routine. But part of him would always be a hunter, and the idea of being cooped up in one spot for too long made him itch.
After a few episodes of those meddling kids—during which Cas had asked about thirty-three confused questions that made Dean laugh and rib him gently—they split up. Sam headed back to the archives, where he’d already been sequestered during Dean’s sleep-in, to continue his search. Dean and Cas headed into one of the bigger nearby towns for supplies.
When they’d finished their laughing fit, Sam said, “You two are ridiculous, and I don’t blame her one bit for not wanting to be around you.”
Cas drops into the chair Dean has just vacated and grabs the closest coffee cup, which happens to be Dean’s. Which, Dean supposes, works in his favor, because now he has the last, still full, cup, and he really needs the extra caffeine. He can feel the headache forming already.
Dean searched for an explanation Cas could understand. “Okay, so everyone has a personality that makes them
“Fine, I’ll find some other way to entertain myself. See you two sourpusses later.” Sam backs out of the room with the stupidest smile on his face. What the fuck is he so happy about?
“Trust me, that’s never really been a barrier except in his own mind. But yeah, even though you use he/him pronouns, he still wants you.”
,” he sighs out, loud enough for them to hear. It’s best to play this a little bit comedically to keep Dean from raising his defenses. “I thought I was going to have to lock you two in a room.” He goes for his morning coffee before joining them at the table.
Still, every once in a while, Dean would look over at his friend and see a sad expression resting on his face. Cas always smiled when he realized Dean was looking, but the expression was still there sometimes, when he thought no one was looking. Dean wanted to ask what it was for, but despite how good it had felt to share his feelings with Cas after the call with Bobby, and again when they talked about the bunker being home, he was afraid of what Cas would say. He could have changed his mind and decided he didn’t want to be stuck with Dean for the next forty years or so after all.
Dean shared a smile with Cas. “Let me guess,” he said. “The girl had long blonde hair, lots of eye makeup, and an epic resting bitch face?”
“Search me. Willful ignorance, I guess.” He jerked his head toward the door. “Come on, kiddo. You can drool over the books when Sam gives you a tour later. I’ve got something you can drool over with me first.”
Cas pouts. “Those irritate my skin and smell strange. I like these.” He stomps over to the opposite side of the bed from where Dean is sprawled and crawls under the covers.
.” Sam gave him his bitchface, then went back to muttering and rifling through pages. Dean squinted at the page and read the line into his phone.
“I reckon so, yeah.” He looked up at Cas. “I talked to her about Jimmy. I didn’t tell her where he was,” he rushed to assure his angel. “Just that she should talk to you, and that you understand how your actions affected her family.”
Not even giving her a chance to reply, for fear of it being another thirty minutes of stream of consciousness, Dean ended the call, then got up to hover over Cas. He rested his forearms on Cas’s shoulders from behind and dropped his chin onto his soft brown hair.
Cas shrugged. “Not really. Though there are a few books that sound interesting for my own edification. I put them in our– I- I mean
“Oh, em, gee, Dean. He is literally the most adorable thing ever. I love him so much, and if you don’t lock that down soon, I might steal him from you.”
, Cas. Look, we’re running really short on time here. Are you in? We need to perform the ritual in the next twenty minutes if we want to get this yeti/chupacabra/Swamp Thing-
Dean stifled a laugh at the angle Cas was going for with Claire, but he had to admit it was probably a smart one. She was fierce to prove she could go it alone, but she’d come here for a reason. If showing his respect for her life choices made it easier to keep an eye on her, he’d do well to keep it up. Dean thought he understood why she’d shown up, though. He remembered being a teenaged hunter, hungry for his dad’s approval. With Claire’s mother and grandmother gone, Cas was the closest she had to a parent. He hoped Cas would be able to talk her into settling down into a normal life, though. She was too young to be a part of this world. Maybe Jody could take her in, which would allow Cas to keep an eye on her and allow her to learn hunting from Jody, but would still keep her safer than if she was out on the road alone.
. Which was a bit counterintuitive, seeing as how, usually, such a bond was formed so that feelings could be shared between the bondmates. Still, this bond was accidental. Which means neither of them actually wanted it, which meant they should fight it. Right?
He held up his pristine arm and grinned. “Look, Ma, no wounds!” He bounced his eyebrows up and down a few times.
The fourth night back at the bunker, Dean’s bedroom door open to reveal a shrouded shadow, but he knows exactly who it is, and it makes his heart beat in double time.
“But we could get a light dusting,” Dean shot back. “Grab the coffee pot, Cas, and come on. It’s cartoon time.”
buried in that stupid angel book, but said nothing. He stayed silent until the final car chase of the film, when the big lug clomped over to Dean’s favorite reading nook and paused the movie.
Dean laughed then held up his hands and looked at them, almost expecting to look different, but he looked the same, felt the same. “So, that’s it? Bond is finished forming?”
When he finally manages to distance himself from it all, it apparently sends him to sleep, because the next thing he knows, Dean is crouching outside the open car door, shaking Castiel’s knee and saying something. He opens his eyes to see a small, fond smile on his best friend’s face, and it makes him smile in return. If this is what he saw every time he woke, he’d be more inclined to sleep, he thinks groggily.
“No.” It wasn’t a shout, and Cas didn’t jump up or do any flailing, but he might as well have, for all that the feeling of fear slammed into Dean. He almost physically reeled back at it.
“Why can’t it be both? I mean, you’re here more than Cas and me are. How can you not see this as your home?”
“Well, newsflash, I don’t. He’s being a big baby and won’t tell me a damn thing.” Cas rounds the bend back to the car. “Feeling better yet, sunshine?” Dean calls to him.
Dean fills up two jumbo-sized trash bags with feathers by a week’s end, and another three by the following week. They continue to not talk about their new sleeping arrangement, and Cas’s molting has become a tired topic. They go back to their regular lives; well, as regular as they can get with no hunting and no apocalypses.
The day feels tense, but Castiel isn’t sure if he is overlaying his own anxiety on the mood, or if Dean feels it as well. He does seem to be looking at Castiel more, studying him. He has a furrow between his eyes all through lunch, and it worries Castiel. Perhaps he is getting ready to tell him they need to end this—the bed sharing, the intimacy, maybe even Castiel’s residency in the bunker. He must know that Castiel is better now, that he doesn’t need caring for, and he must be antsy to get back to his real life, which has never included Castiel for longer than a few weeks at a time.
It was getting harder to push down his instincts, and Dean’d finally reached the point where he really didn’t want to. It was
“And here I thought I was good at hiding this shit. What else have I been ‘blatantly obvious’ about?”
was at his side, touching from shoulder to ankle, which turned out to be a literal sleeping angel. He felt a tightness at his chest that concerned him until he realized it was just Cas’s arm wrapped around him, hand gripping Dean’s arm firmly but not painfully. Opposite of painful, in fact. Compared to the last hour of loneliness, the contact was perfect. Soft, warm, comforting, like a thick blanket on a snowy day. He closed his eyes and drifted in the feeling. Yeah, this was the stuff.
Dean did a double take. Claire was still tapping on her phone, looking like she wasn’t even paying attention to him, typical teenager. And the request was also typical teenager. However, he hadn’t been aware she considered the space she slept in
earlier in the evening, but it had turned out to be more interesting than he’d expected, and he’d gotten lost in the pages. Even if they don’t find out what’s going on with Cas, at least Sam has become an expert on angels in the process. He could’ve used most of this knowledge back when Lucifer and Michael were duking it out the first time.
“And what about poor Cas? Dude is way too good deserve this situation. It was mine and Sam’s fault to begin with, and then he didn’t even stuck with a
“Wow, Dean, it only took you a year of marriage to give Cas a big head.” Sam strolled into the room like he had all the time in the world.
“The thing is …” Cas paused, then started over. “Though some of the effects of the ritual were immediate, there are some that need to settle in slowly over time. The best way for that to occur is physical contact. It allows for our essences to mix, to learn each other.”
The car ride home is not particularly comfortable, but after a good night’s sleep and his morning shower (nine and a half minutes exactly), it’s more bearable than it might have been. Still, Castiel is fidgeting by the time they get close, and Dean has told him to stop kicking his seat three times, though he’s much less harsh than he’d been on the drive out. When they get out of the car, Sam hightails it for the library, but Dean stops Castiel with a hand as they walk through the corridors to the bedrooms.
“Cas, you can’t watch over me like a worried mom for months. You’ve got your own life to live, your own job to do. I want this bond to affect you as little as possible. Sam and I can keep a close watch, and I can shoot you a prayer if I start feeling bad. You can pop in once every couple of weeks for a deeper angel diagnostic.” Dean felt a shiver of sadness run through him at the thought of not seeing Cas more frequently, but he shook the feeling away. That was weird. He was usually completely fine not seeing Cas often. Well, as fine as he could be, given– nope, not going there now.
He closed his eyes and shook his head. He was partly relieved, because she’d probably never been taught proper gun safety. But on the other hand, she was apparently hunting without a gun, which was equally dangerous. He loved a good knife for hand-to-hand, but guns were great for avoiding closeup combat completely.
Dean glanced at Cas, who nodded. His intentions were pure, as far as Cas could tell, which would have to do.
the bunker. It’s come to represent a safe space over the last few years, a place where he can take a few breaths to prepare for the next terrible thing. More than that, it’s home, where his family is. After years of Dean and Sam telling him that, he finally believes it. He thinks it’s being given his very own room that clinches it. He doesn’t sleep, so he doesn’t need a bedroom. He doesn’t really own much in the way of clothes or mementos, and the few he does have, he can store in the ether. But still, one day a few weeks after Castiel stopped leaving the bunker, Dean had proudly led him to one of the guest rooms and said it was his now. When Castiel had protested, Dean had shrugged. “Everyone needs a space to call their own,” he’d said, looking at the ground and sticking his hands in his pockets. “To, you know, put their favorite things in. Relax. Sleep.”
He’s gotta shut this down. “Okay, no,” Dean says, pointing a finger at Sam. “You can tease me when it’s just you and me, that’s fine, but
too much about little humans who couldn’t manage to get anything right. And double fuck, because Dean hadn’t even thought about Cas’s feelings since this whole shitshow began. No, that wasn’t quite true. Years into their friendship, he was pretty good at reading Cas’s moods. He knew his friend was more than a little miffed—at the whole thing, at Sam and Dean, at the world—tired of fixing other people’s mistakes, overwhelmed at the lack of easy answers, and just plain upset, like he was a few steps from crying into his pillow, if he had a pillow. There was also that … thing in the back of Dean’s mind that told him that what he read on Cas’s face was true, and also that even though Cas felt all those things, he wasn’t going to leave Dean, and he wasn’t going to give up on finding an answer. Something deeper rand behind all that, but Dean was not skillful enough to figure out what. He usually buried his feelings, so he didn’t even know how to read his own, let alone anyone else’s.
. It felt like he couldn’t breathe and all he wanted to do was to get away and shower for an hour. What was even more gross, he didn’t tell Nick how he felt, and even though they were just a one-night-stand, it wasn’t fair towards him. Since then, he’s tried everything – communicating his desires, focusing entirely on the other party or parties, strictly leaving all his own pleasure in his own hands… And despite the fact that he does enjoy the rare shower-treat by himself, that too is starting to be more of a nuisance than a relief.
They start working in a comfortable silence, aware of each other’s movements. Dean gives the surface another round with high grit sandpaper, Castiel follows him with a wet cloth, cleaning the residue sanding dust. Every once in a while, he feels Dean’s eyes on him but doesn’t look up – he’s learnt to appreciate his quiet staring. He used to ask about it over and over again and thought Dean’s declaration of love wasn’t enough of an answer. Finally, one morning after a sleepless night with them almost blasphemously worshipping each other, Dean was staring at Castiel again and his gaze, however intense, had felt like a reinforcement to his feelings.
Rowena shakes her head and chuckles; it sounds judgemental but Castiel is determined not to read too much into it.
Dean walks to the kitchen and pours a little whiskey in two rock glasses. They raise them for nothing in particular, and while Castiel is busy thinking this is the biggest mistake he’s ever made in his life, Dean slowly starts taking pieces of his clothing off. Castiel is mesmerized by the simplicity of the act, so much so that he starts following the example. Soon enough, they’re each down to their under layer, and Castiel puts his hands on Dean’s waist to familiarize himself with the feel of this man fewer clothes. Dean hums happily and places his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, and they kiss for a long, long, lazy time before Dean leads them to the bathroom.
They both moan, and Castiel reaches out to take both of Dean’s hands and intertwine their fingers. Dean still can’t take his eyes off Castiel — his pupils are dilated and he looks both like a fucking god of sex incarnated and like
He looks at Dean and sees nothing but acceptance and confusion. As much as Castiel would like to pretend everything’s fine, he needs to vent – and having a colleague actually wanting to hear him out could be a blessing in disguise.
Before concentrating on his sister and niece again, he shot Dean a glance that was filled with both caring and admiration. Dean felt he had to rapidly shake his head to be able to focus again.
“Well, I think it’s the bare minimum you can do for a person you are about to take home, but then again, I live in this red-green bubble of feminism and refuse to believe nobody wants to be an ass on purpose.”
Soon enough, he’s ready to explode. Castiel notices his stuttering breath and clenching muscles and picks up his speed, and Dean feels his orgasm run from where Castiel’s lips are still kissing him and down his spine, until he comes hard, loud and messy all over his boxers and pants.
Luckily, Meg has already found a bartender for them. Her name is Ruby, and she’s at the top of her game, just moved back from Chicago. She’d immediately said she could find assistants to work with her, so that part of the night is already sorted out. Meg is uncertain about whether they should let Ruby take care of ordering the drinks, too, so that’s still up for them to decide. Getting drinks out of the way meant they could focus on catering next. Castiel and Meg both scheduled appointments for tasting in different places, choosing the best ratings in the city. Since the Winchesters wanted to support local when choosing their party planner, they wanted to do the same with everyone they hired.
Castiel squinted again, this time at the roof. Then, he turned his gaze to Dean. The intensity of it was piercing.
Now, he needs to worry about multiple things. First, will Dean pretend they don’t know each other? Second, will some of the guests remember Castiel from last weekend’s party? Would anyone know that they left together?
It’s slight – Dean first notices it when they’re climbing a hill towards a portal. Castiel says this resonates differently, too, and that it’s a big one that requires a lot more work to close. As they’re ascending the stairs carved in stone, Dean feels content. His heart fills with warmth just being here, with Castiel by his side on a somewhat non-threatening heavenly mission. He’s happy that Castiel chose him from the crowd in the bar that night, and he’s overwhelmed about how easy everything has been with him; even after the awkward confession at the rooftop, Castiel hasn’t changed the way he talks to him.
”Well, can I get you there? I said I'd hold onto that promise of you telling me what's with the fireworks.”
“Well, they seemed a little frustrated to say the least. I think you might have overstepped the boundaries on what’s allowed in these parties.”
“Dean,” he whispers. Dean, who’s already started typing a question titled “How do you equip a mana boost ring”, leans towards him to show his attention. “May I touch you?”
Dean leaned down a little, ducking his head to get under the lower-hanging branches. Sneaking in, he figured said thing was a human; a little one, a child that seemed to be shaking in the coldness of the black soil. Oh, not good – New Year's Eve, a child crying alone and Dean should be home already-
Castiel nods with a sound emanating from his throat that definitely doesn’t belong to him. Dean  gets them both somewhat cleaned up from a night of sweat and glitter before stepping out,  Then gives Castiel a big towel and a kiss before leaving the safety of their new-found haven.
Looking around, Castiel realizes there’s only his footprints in the misty grass, and he rethinks the sound he heard back in the water. It did sound and awful lot like something dropping to the ground, but – he glances up, squinting at the brightness of the sky – where could a person fall from? A plane? A paraglider? A—
The man turned to look at him in confusion and only then did it click in Dean's head – this was the man from behind the counter at the aquarium. His eyes were unforgettable, but he'd really pictured his voice to be lighter.
Even though he’s early, he’s not the first one to arrive. He can see a small figure sitting on the edge of the stage, and upon further inspection, he’s pretty sure it’s Charlie Bradbury. They’d met at the filming of
For some reason, Castiel isn’t bothered by this. He knows he needs to get home as soon as possible and do nothing for the remainder of the day, but the thought of a giant party that is his responsibility makes him happy. He can get back to doing what he knows best, and probably sink his teeth into the task deep enough for him to forget anything had ever been wrong.
Castiel jogs his way back to the car after returning the cart. As soon as most of his limbs are inside, Dean is in his space, his hand resting on Castiel’s cheek and his eye contact intense enough to burn Castiel’s brain to stir-fry. Castiel nods – it’s a permission, it’s consent, and Dean kisses him in his post-shopping manner that’s filled with both adrenaline and tenderness. His lips stray downwards, on the skin under Castiel’s ear and down his neck.
“Hey!” Balthazar says, drumming his palms against the wheel. “Good that you’re here. You ready to get back to work?”
He lets out a long sigh and peers out the window. It's dark, but spring is already announcing its arrival.
Dean turned his head a little to look at Castiel. It was a mistake – their lips were mere inches apart and Dean didn't trust his body one bit right now.
Meg returns inside with a cough that’s clearly meant for them to notice her, and for a good reason — she’s not alone.
The most important thing he realizes finally, after all this time, is that Bartholomew was never a good person. No matter how much he fooled everyone around Castiel, and finally Castiel himself, the truth eventually came out. All those times when Castiel felt unworthy, or less than what Bart wanted, or inadequate… were because of how Bart gently manipulated him, not because they were true.
“There’s a briefcase under the isolation tank in his home,” he says. Jody nods and heads to make a call.
“Stop being an ass,” Castiel said and apparently tackled Gabriel until he was in charge of the phone. “I'm sorry about that, my brother's a bit thick. Who's there?”
“Well, no. It’s zero sugars, and oat milk. You know this thing?” Castiel says, opening the fridge to get a gray carton of oat drink out. “It’s not even on the retail market yet. I order it from stock for… Basically my own selfish needs. I could also offer it in the store to be had with tea. I usually don’t.”
“There’s so much in that single sentence, Castiel, I don’t know where to start. First, you’re implying that I’m flirting through tea, and since I just brought you tea, you’re saying I’m flirting with you. More than that, it also implies you flirted with me earlier when you asked Ruby to bring me this tea.”
“Great,” Dean says, his face melting into a soft expression again, “I wouldn't have it any other way. Also, could we kiss again? I would like to kiss you now that we're on the same page.”
, I’m here. In a strange forest, a naked guy next to me, and it wasn’t even fucking summer when I closed my eyes.” He frowns. “No, I didn’t… I didn’t even close my eyes. I was still
The more classes Castiel takes, the more annoyed he gets over Dean’s plans. He’s pissed that Dean hasn’t told him he’s harboring a crush, and he’s pissed that it isn’t him. He’s pissed this has to happen the day after he felt closer to Dean than ever before, and he’s pissed that he can hear Dean practicing his lame pickup lines on Benny and Jo somewhere behind him.
“Take a seat here,” he says and takes Castiel’s arm again to guide him to sit on the floor. There’s something under him – a jacket, most likely – and he instantly places his head on his palms. As soon as he doesn’t have to move anymore, there’s only pain left.
There’s no way out of this mess now. Castiel could move out of town and start a life somewhere else, possibly become a monk because obviously he’s not cut out for this love thing. He’d never forget Dean, but at least he knows he’ll be happy with whoever he dates because he doesn’t have his best friend to hold him back with his – his pointless feelings.
“Wow, great,” Sam says, and tries to find the courage to go on. There’s something he’s not telling, and Castiel can’t figure out what it is. Yes, let’s make a deal, but…? But be less dramatic on stage?
He sighs and decides to return to the TV. It's safer just to see how Jane is dealing with her writer's block.
“That’s what it seems like, yes,” Dean says. “Nice to meet you. I hope you’ll charm Castiel with your food today, because it’s his expertise I trust more than my own.”
“Probably not,” Balthazar says. What’s with the attitude? Meg seems to be wondering the same and playfully — or less playfully — punches Balthazar in the knee.
He makes it through a full minute before he starts feeling guilty again. Nobody had asked him to exist for them. He had made the assumption himself.
Dean’s eyes are warm, the way they are when Castiel is explaining his day in detail or when he’s fussing over baking, and Castiel knows, knows in the deepest parts of his heart and soul that Dean is telling him the truth. They look at each other, and in the way that can be only achieved through years of close friendship, exchange a lifetime of words by eye contact only. With a sigh that’s a lot happier than any of his earlier ones, Castiel slides himself over to Dean.
“No, it hasn’t. It’s been nearly five years, and it’s been a lot to get used to. Until then, the closest we got to anything supernatural was having a priest.”
“Uh, hi. It's Dean,” Dean said, clenching his hand to a fist and hitting himself lightly on the forehead, “I know it's been a while and-”
having to use muscles? Surely salesmen don’t do that, or lawyers for that matter. Maybe he’s a hunter? That would explain why he has scratches all over his face and body.
”I can hear her”, he says, ”Dean, I can hear me asking ’how the hell are you driving’ and I can hear her saying ’what do you’ and- and silence.”
“I think this is it,” Eileen says fondly. No wonder; it looks amazing. The evening’s just started to settle in, and the lights hanging from the ceiling illuminate the gazebo softly. Two glasses have been prepared for some of the guests, and there’s a carafe waiting for the rest of them. It’s a place to make beautiful memories in.
“Oh, I tend to overshare,” Sam says, finally leaning in to a fold, his palms easily reaching the floor, “I didn’t ask, and I won’t.”
“Haven’t seen you in a while! Where have you been? Turns out there’s an open bar. Do you want something from the open bar?”
“You can always count on the sweet relief of death if nothing else is going your way,” Castiel says and winks.
“You don’t have to say anything. It’s a lot to dump on anyone, especially when you know I don’t… the whole sex thing…”
He pulls a pillow under him and wonders if Charlie or Gilda would hear him screaming into it. He needs to let it out. He needs to yell profanities and curse the universe and fall asleep out of exhaustion, but since he’s confined in silence by himself, he needs another outlet. He needs something that’ll yank him away from spiraling anxiety, something that could count as double exposure.
”Paint smell is almost gone,” he yells to Dean, who’s getting their last supplies in, ”I think we can start building.”
“Please never leave us again. It’s been horrible without you,” Kevin whispers, but there’s a glint in his eye that suggests they’ve done perfectly well without his tantrums.
It doesn’t take long for a couple of women, obviously both angels, to head their way. While Benny is instantly welcoming them to the booth and waving at the bartender to bring them drinks as well, Dean feels even more thrown by the attractive company than usual. He would’ve liked to chat with Benny about the details of spending a night with an angel before being thrown into the situation.
“We’re together, that’s what’s up, for one,” Dean says, “and, uh, I can’t wait for this to be over with.”
“Now, that I can agree with. You told me to leave my reservations home, but I can't if I don't know what's going to happen.”
A couple of times, his anxiety tries to surface again but he gently places his focus on the task at hand. While he’s melting carnauba wax, he’s almost sure he hears an engine, and wheels turning – but when he stops to listen, it’s silent apart from the sound of the screw gun being used.
Dean was the first person outside his school that ever got to know the story. It'd taken them three nights online; it was surprisingly hard for Castiel to put his experience into words. The amount of support and soothing words and
”I will bring that up as long as you’re being such a baby! Oh, maybe that’s the reason you don’t want kids, you want to stay one yourself!”
April, May and June were a breeze in the wind for him; weather stayed cold and when he wasn't driving his Impala towards some fancy event location, he was crunching numbers behind his desk while drinking an abominable amount of coffee. Rest of the summer months were too hot and humid for his liking so he stayed inside next to a ventilation machine and a water dispenser. He worked harder than ever, wanting to keep his distress of losing Castiel at bay.
“Well, law change isn’t the first time I’m in trouble. The first time it happened, I talked to Becky, because she’s a board member and an associate I already knew before coming here. She gave a bulletin about the issue, but it was ignored. I thought I was too demanding.”
“As I told you all, I approached Castiel after we felt ready to continue with the production of Giselle. Yesterday, he came to tell me he wants to join us,” Rowena says. She’s the only one still standing — she’s taken the end of the table and leaned forward on his spread fingers.  “I can’t tell you to instantly like him, but I want you to give him a shot.”
When he’s on top of the hill, his mind is already blank. Nothing beats the feeling of air in his winded lungs, and nothing beats the sight of the sun over the treetops before him. This is not a tall rock formation; it only rises just over the trees, but the steep climb compensates for it by making Castiel’s muscles sing in short-lived agony. He eats some of the crackers while admiring the view, then makes his way back down and hopes his calm will last.
“I know your face,” Kevin says without raising his gaze from his phone once. “Where do I know you from?”
Castiel opens the calendar on his phone, scrolling to July. There’s a note from Kevin that says “Fourth of July. Use sparingly.” He raises his eyebrows and huffs.
That he wasn’t ready for a fling without commitment? Would Dean need to take care of the aftermath of
Although it’s not from Dean and it’s not addressed to Castiel, he feels a blush creep from his toes to the back of his head. He can feel Meg’s gaze drill a hole in his temple, but he pretends he doesn’t see it. Instead, he leans forward and breathes in. Oh, damn, these are prime quality roses.
Dean is distracted by some colleagues or clients every now and then, but he never leaves Castiel’s line of sight. His eyes dance over Castiel’s face, his clothes, on the bracelets he’s wearing -- and it feels like caress. Slowly, he makes his way closer and closer until he’s sitting on the second seat of the table in front of them. He talks to a man that looks vaguely familiar, and as the song finally comes to a close, Meg presses her hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
. Castiel listened to him in silence and had no commentary after he was done – he was genuinely listening instead of trying to come up with a solution that wouldn't help in the long run. After that, he started talking about aquatic life and Dean fell asleep listening to stories about the Mariana Trench.
“Not sure that’s true anymore, buddy,” Dean tells the mirror and rubs his eyes before groaning and heading back out.
Castiel obliges, and pills are dropped on his palm. He throws them in his mouth immediately and grabs the bottle when it’s placed in his hand next, flushing everything down with a pleasant combination of strawberry and rhubarb. Dean shuffles his way behind Castiel, and just as he considers whether Dean plans to leave, there’s hands on his shoulders once more. He lets himself be tipped over on Dean’s arms and slotted between his legs and if he was fully aware of his surroundings right now, he’d fucking lose it. Sure, they’ve fallen asleep with a gentle head pressed on each other’s shoulders. But this? Dean’s arms gently wrap around Castiel, and he stays completely still, fully aware that movement or any stimulus could be a breaking point for his migraine.
“Sure,” Dean claims, but the hesitation is clear as day in his voice. “I’m not sure if I’ve got the right shoes for cross country, though.”
Castiel’s chest feels tight. It hurts. Charlie clicks her tongue, only to play some time before saying the words.
”I’m tired all the time. Like I said, my work takes more time than I would like to give to it. Of course, breaking up was painful but in hindsight, at least like this I feel a little less guilty for staying home.”
Of course it’s not empty, there’s blood running through his veins and his body feels both heavy and refreshed at the same time. The moment passes in less than a minute, but it’s magnificent.
“No, that’s exactly what I don’t want. I don’t want our client to think the company they hired to deal for their important party has a weak, sick leader.”
“Don’t you talk for me,” Balthazar states grimly, but seems to ease off a bit. Sam is looking at them both with a hint of a smile before he sighs.
The child turned around, their face full of surprise which quickly turned into a squint filled with mocking wit.
”Okay. Uh,” the boy hesitates for a while before sighing and sliding a card into Castiel’s hand, ”contact me if you need me again.”
“It’s about deserving,” Castiel says, and swallows the overflowing rush of emotions he gets from putting this into words. “I don’t think I deserve much.”
He has been trying to calm himself down with some solitary yoga, or making home blends of tea and even an odd combination of tea and coffee. Mostly, though, he’s been trying to feel James’ heartbeat on his skin through the ring.
, but he doesn’t know what he’d like to achieve. He’s got a stable job, ambitions related to that, and friends, but those are pretty external reasons to live. In his god-forsaken body that betrays him continuously, there’s a fierce, passionate desire to live. Why? He doesn’t even have a bucket list. Should he get one that he could refer to during these unclear moments? It feels like jinxing it. If he finishes it one day, he’ll die. That’s a certainty his anxious brain provides him immediately.
“Of course,” Castiel says, feeling his face get hot. Wow, he’d absolutely forgotten about it for a while. That’s it. No more sappy soap marathons. They’re not good for his brain or his career. “I’m here because I heard you had trouble believing in us.”
“Right,” Castiel nodded, frantically trying to remember what important detail of Bartholomew’s calendar he’d forgotten this time.
Meg returns with his drink in hand, and Castiel happily accepts it. It’s chopped ice, something green, and cream on top and tastes just as bitter as Castiel feels. He’s happy for that.
“I just feel so fucked up. Talking about it makes me more fucked up. Maybe it’s best we don’t talk about it anymore.”
Something inside him also worries that Dean might get so angry about the upcoming performance he won’t ever talk to Castiel again. Maybe it’s the reason he briefly places his hand on Dean’s shoulder and gives it a gentle squeeze before leaving.
. The real you.  You can’t possibly know how freaking much,” his voice breaks and Castiel looks at him again. “How freaking much I’d wanted it to be you for so long. I knew it wasn’t possible, but I hoped.” Castiel nods and, on a whim, leans his head against Dean’s shoulder.
As they take seats in the cozy meeting room that’s equipped with a fake fireplace, he’s pretty sure he won’t be swayed again. Boy, is he wrong.
“No, they emerged a couple of years ago,” Castiel sighs. He looks into the darkening forest, wondering whether the fire he built is enough to keep any ill-willed spirits at bay. “After,” how should he put this to a stranger, “certain things happened here, hundreds of souls returned from the afterlife. Most of them were quickly sent back to their personal Heaven, but some stayed behind. Those turned into what we call demons; souls who are too far gone to be reasoned into returning to Heaven. They cause trouble in the towns and villages they once lived in.”
A sense of dread spreads through Castiel as he realizes exactly what they meant. It’s the kind of company that Dean implied in that single look he gave Castiel on summer solstice night.
“I have an ass brother who kind of lives the life,” Dean laughed. “Don't know if I could handle another one.”
Castiel hums and walks to the plain teas to distract himself with meaningless reorganizing. “So, what brings you here?”
Castiel got back up on his feet and Dean felt it necessary to follow his lead. They walked back towards the cottage in complete silence.
The smile on Dean’s freckled face is familiar and always overwhelming. It’s what makes Castiel fall in love all over again, multiple times a day.
”I'd very much rather you didn't”, the man said, looking at Dean but decreasing the squint, ”See, she was with us and decided some New Year's elaborate hide-and-seek game was time better spent than buying dinner.”
Castiel lets Dean lead the way. He feels perfectly warm, and tight, and as Castiel slowly, slowly, pushes himself in, he winces.
“Well, I gathered you don’t want to get involved in politics from the name of your store,” Dean points out with another huff of laughter.
“Well,” Sam eventually starts, “first of all, you know your teas and it’s always good to have an expert of any field in your acquaintances, right? You never know when you need a friend who can make chamomile just the way you like it. But that being said, I could’ve tried to befriend one of the other workers in your store. The real reason I invited you here was… Well, don’t take this the wrong way, but you said your game was off and I could see it. It’s not out in the open, but… But I’ve been as lost as you probably are now, and I wish someone would’ve taught me breathing techniques back then.”
He thinks back to the times he’d wanted to have a good time and couldn’t, and that settles it. Pushing himself upright, he decides to call Benny immediately.
Castiel let his hands slide on both of Dean's cheeks and leaned in, making the other man lose his train of thought. He went in so close their foreheads were pressed together and let Dean close the remaining distance.
“You couldn’t ruin this, Cas,” he whispers. Castiel’s breath stutters. “Now, are you going to come for me?”
“I was calling about the next appointment. I had to cancel the previous one, and we didn’t confirm a new one, and I only realized to call now that I need to talk about something.”
“Yes, that’s right. Usually, we’ve had appointments somewhere during the afternoon, and I’ve given you the time at the end of the previous appointment, right?”
Clearly braver, Castiel walks up to the portal until he’s barely a few feet away. “So, you see it too?”
”No, it's not your place to ask. Definitely not. But I owe him this. I promised to give you the benefit of a doubt, so I'm going to tell you yes, he's in town. This is the first time he's in town since last year and it's for the sole purpose of hoping to bump into you. If you ruin this”, she put up her finger menacingly, ”I. Will. Tear. You. Down. This is my only chance to make him want to come over again. And he's my brother. Please don't ruin this, damn it.”
Castiel swallows and returns his gaze to the rain that’s now gaining levels; soon, it’ll be torrential. What is Dean talking about? Not like it matters, his statement was still out of line. On a whim, Castiel remembers exactly how bad he felt back at the beach, and turns back to Dean with newly found vigor.
“How nice. Now, if you'll excuse me,” she says and greets people arriving after them with much more glee. Castiel leans in closer to Dean's ear.
“You’ve been having some of those days, for starters,” Meg laughs lazily, “okay, but this ain’t about that. What do you mean?”
Five years and every year, Dean would close the curtains, listen to music and forget the annual celebration. He'd then bingewatch Netflix for the first days of January and get back on track on the seventh or eighth. No reason to fuss over anything by then.
“Ah, so you must be Castiel, then,” the man says and then blinks at Castiel’s shirt, “like it, obviously, says right there.”
He bends over to catch his breath and straightens when he hears footsteps behind him. He knows they belong to Dean. He's fallen in love with the man a long time ago and knows him by heart.
, Castiel spins them around and pushes Dean against the door instead. He swallows the satisfied moan surfacing from him and deepens the kiss, letting his lips travel over Dean’s mouth, his jaw, his neck. His fingertips run along Dean’s sides, under his jacket but over his shirt, and it’s so warm and he feels so safe.
Dean sighs. Way to make him feel stupid about himself. “I don’t know. You snap at me, and you refuse to… It’s like I’ve insulted you, and I haven’t even had the chance to talk to you yet.”
“Shit. Wait,” Balthazar says, and muffles the speaker for a while. Castiel looks at Charlie, who’s idly picking weeds from the pansies. “Okay, Castiel? Kevin’s going to come pick you up. You both get takeaway.”
“You alright, Cas?” he whispers in his ear. After another set of shivers, he nods. “Good. Should we kiss?”
Dean could hear the kid blow a raspberry into the air. As for himself, he felt like answering with a cliché as big as 'what, my heart?'.
Of course it had all been a joke, a prank, a new way to bully and torture him. Castiel, swaying a little front and back now, tried to remember the exact moment he'd become blind to that. At first, all those years ago, Dean had taken such interest in him and what he had to say; Castiel had thought it to be alarming because no-one had ever done that before. Too soon, he'd become blind to all his doubts and fallen for the guy, head over heels, way too deep way too fast. One part in Castiel's mind wondered how Dean could have kept this going for so long – but then again, they had never met before and he probably wanted the cut to reach as deep as possible. Well, he'd nailed it. Castiel was now, in more ways than one, dead. He had imagined this ending on a sad note, but his was something he wasn't even able to picture.
Charlie and Gilda watch movies in his living room, but Castiel returns to his room immediately after wrapping himself in a robe. He plans to return to watch Jane, but his wildly beeping phone requires attention first.
Castiel lifts his gaze and sees his friends already walking on the other side of the crossroads. He mutters a curse and picks up his pace.
A silence. A shaking, trembling, vibrating silence of broken lines all over the mountains up ahead and the valleys below.
Dean smiles at him almost fondly before lowering down to kiss his neck again. Castiel closes his eyes and relishes in the feeling — the sun is rising through the open curtains, and there’s not a cell in his body that doesn’t feel loved and cared for in an earth-shattering way. He’s tearing up again, but it’s far from being overwhelmed this time; it’s happiness, such a profound, ecstatic happiness he couldn’t form coherent thoughts even if he tried.
Dean is absolutely beaming now. He quickly glances at Castiel’s lips, but then turns his gaze to the view of the sea.
“These people here think we're in it for the laughs, apparently,” Castiel scoffs, trying to make his voice a bit spiteful, but still maintaining some respect.
His clothes are hung out to dry, and he’s finished his therapy with no real breakthrough — although he saw that coming. What he didn’t see was how determined he’d suddenly feel about contacting James after all these years. It can’t even be that much of a reach, really; James has put on his ring already, so it isn’t like he isn’t thinking about Castiel.
“Nowhere so far I couldn’t fly to you. We could have an actual summer vacation and forget about boys. And girls.”
The thought almost makes him cry, and he blinks hard a couple of times to keep the tears at bay. Not now. He’ll not be the guy who cries during sex.
He’s been looking for Christmas presents for Sam and Jess. He’s the worst at pacing himself — instead of buying gifts during the fall, he leaves everything last minute and thus needs to make it through the worst crowds of the year. Still, he ends up with a good, albeit haphazard, haul before deciding he deserves a treat. He steps in through the doors of Anna’s restaurant and takes a seat with his belongings.
He organizes the pots according to size and color, and leaves two of them on display so people wouldn’t open the selling boxes. It’s almost time to open the store, so he puts a couple of Siberian fir drops on the diffuser. He’s in need of any self image boost he can get right now.
He takes the bottle and pours some lube on his fingers before kissing Dean again, letting his fingers travel between Dean’s thighs and making him fall backwards on the bed. Almost simultaneously, Castiel gently pushes one finger inside him, making them both moan loudly.
Castiel raises an eyebrow before capturing Dean’s lips in a new kiss. Dean melts into it with a happy sigh, and intertwines their fingers again while grinding his hips down with more intent. It’s still safe like this, somewhat indirect but no less intense – they move together like tides and breathe each other in and out, their kisses are deep and slow, light and hard. Dean’s full of pleasure and joy, and when he feels Castiel’s hips stutter under him and comes with gasps moments later, all he feels is bliss.
“Clearly, you did,” Castiel says and clears his throat. “Wouldn’t have missed that kind of a detail.”
“Morning, sunshine,” he says, and in the most pleasant shock of the morning he walks to Castiel, takes his hands, and gives him a short kiss on the lips. “I’m making breakfast. Do you want some?”
Castiel's smile was beaming and Dean knew it was because he was acting like a total idiot right now.
“Chinese takeout and beach it is,” Meg says with a determined nod. She’s gone to the storage room before Castiel can object. Charlie leans in to whisper.
“Well, if having an illness is what makes you weak in their eyes, they’re worth nothing and we don’t need customers like that.”
“Don’t,” he sighs. “I really don’t need this tonight. We came here to party for the victory of… Something, something.”
”So wh- Sorry, Cas, I don’t think this is one of those situations my singing can help you with,” he said with a dry laugh, ”but what do you want me to do here, exactly?”
“Right,” Castiel says. The hint of anger he had before is long gone. His breath is shaking now. “Okay.”
, to ease up the tension built by some of the deeper parts of the night. It’s a hard song to sing, and ends up with Kevin strumming the guitar and Castiel trying to cram in the words without laughing, and the speed picking up every ten seconds.
“Right, uh, you know what,” Dean starts, and Castiel wants to stop him, tell him it’s okay, and forget about it, but Dean continues with, “sit tight. I’ll be there in fifteen.”
“That’s a good sign, then. Remember when you last had a panic attack in the company of someone that wasn’t any of us?”
“Of course. And I know I should've told you back then, but I've got work to do with my pride. Besides, I thought you didn't care when you never reciprocated my flirting.”
“And it’s not particularly you who have to be flirty,” Sam adds hastily, “it’s the songs that can be. You know, if you could come up with a setlist that’s a bit daring, and has that summer fling feel, that would be amazing.”
Castiel tries to open his eyes, but the sun is too bright and white, and they immediately start to water.
“We’ve all been there,” Dean says slowly. “Although, I just needed to have sex with guys before I realized I still like girls, too.”
He exhales softly and calms down. Alright, maybe Castiel reminds Dean of someone he loves right now. It’s nothing personal. He straightens his posture and meets Dean’s gaze with a challenging one this time, and sure enough, Dean’s expression shifts; he closes down completely, as if a cage is closed so fast and hard Castiel can almost hear the sound.
“Obviously. More than anything, I’d like to know about the ability you have. Can you read thoughts?”
“I haven’t heard from you recently. What have you been up to?” she asks. The hallways are narrow and Castiel knows he’s going to get lost in here, but he adores the architecture of the old building.
Just before their performance starts, Castiel spots Sam sitting at a table with someone. As their eyes meet across the room a smile spreads over Sam’s face, and he gestures for him to join them. Castiel pockets the phone he’s been trying to crush with his hands and walks over to the table.
“Oh, of course. We’ve got a good capital situation here. I need you to meet the friend, because she’s awesome, and we’re best friends.”
Castiel could even designate all the annoying work to the others and focus on making blends. He could make new scent combinations out of essential oils and eventually start selling perfume, too.
Castiel frowns, but goes anyway. Whatever they’ve got going on, he wants to have nothing to do with it. He wants to go back outside, forget about the shame that’s inevitably going to come sooner or later. Drink a little more of that tea, see this night through to its end, get home, and sleep.
“What do you want from me? I mean. I think you got what you wanted already, right? So what do you want?”
“Too late for that now,” Bartholomew huffed. He picked up his phone to check something — his calendar, most likely — and when his gaze returned to Castiel, it had somewhat softened.
“I think it’s ridiculous,” Balthazar starts, and in a second everyone’s talking at the same time. Castiel immediately realizes it’s impossible to keep up with all of the voices so he only concentrates on Rowena’s. He needs to stay on on the boss’ good side for the time being.
Too nervous to think straight (and with a heart still on a self-strangling mission), he gets up. “Right. Okay. It’s, uh, it’s getting late. I think we should call it a night and, umm, see you tomorrow at work.”
“No, they were, uh, good memories, mostly. Of course, dad could get a little lost in the bar sections of ships and we’d go look for him because we were worried. He usually shouted at us for being up so late.”
And there was nothing about the whole scenario that didn't scream date. Still, he was uncertain about the nature of their encounter. What if Castiel wanted this to be a date? What if he didn't? What did Dean want?
They kiss slowly, deliberately, thoroughly, and Castiel’s palms run along Dean’s spine. He could count the vertebrae here. He really wants to do that — but that would be a grossly romantic act to do in bed with a person who doesn’t want anything grossly romantic. So instead, he slowly slides his hands slower. To his own surprise, he masters the single-handed lube bottle usage before reaching down and gently, slowly, pushing the tip of his index finger inside Dean.
Castiel nodded and did what he was told. The situation had him disturbed enough to not even try to make a run for it. Besides, where would he go? His apartment was long gone, and escaping to his friends would make it seem like Bart was a bad person. He definitely wasn’t. Castiel was starting to see the whole picture here. He was the one who was bad.
Castiel has no idea why they’re collecting tea in bags. They’re taking an ounce or two of each loose tea container, sealing the bag, and putting it in the shopping basket loosely hanging on Charlie’s arm. They’re whispering heatedly, pointing all over the store, and glancing sideways at Castiel when they think he’s not seeing.
Their lips fit together perfectly. A gentle breeze ruffled through them, pressing them tighter against each other, making them shiver at the touch that was long overdue but also so, so early and new and painfully raw. And it was starlight, it was all those spring meadows Castiel loved to spend nights stargazing upon, the dewdrops he’d collect early in the morning and the radiation of a million moons that orbited around them, tying them together with their orbits. As Dean let go, Castiel chased him for another kiss before speaking.
“I- I’ll have you know, I’ve not lost anyone to death. But it doesn’t matter how much you try to make me, I won’t tell you what happened.”
“Oh, there you are,” Ruby says the second he takes a seat in front of her. It’s not crowded in here right now; most people are still out enjoying the fireworks.
Something in Sam’s expression says that Crowley probably hasn’t sent these words. No matter, really. It’s a good thing there’s just two almost-strangers in the room today.
Dean frowns and opens his mouth to protest, since the table is obviously firm, but Castiel gives him another kiss,
“I don’t know what’s going on, here,” he eventually says. “I’ve never heard of a country called Sydney or a town called Europa. Is Europa located in Sydney?”
Silence comes immediately and it envelopes him like a sleeve – it's uncomfortably suffocating, hot and heavy, and makes Castiel feel like death has come already. He lifts a hand up his chest to feel his heartbeat, but he’s been lying down for so long it's hard to find. It's still there, he assumes, a slow, steady flicker of a life he doesn't really care for anymore but simultaneously feels scared to lose. It's there, trying to tell him to get up, try again,
They stayed silent until the duck started to sink. Dean's mind was blissfully empty – it was a feeling he rarely felt, a complete lack of stress and nagging thoughts. Sometimes, he could achieve this with a night of drinking, but even then...
He was out of sight for a second or two, and returned with two probably hand-knitted quilts. He spread one of them on the carpet, and unceremoniously asked Dean to take the robe off, and get on the floor. Dean nodded and followed his orders a bit absentmindedly, which made Castiel squint at him. When he was facing down, sprawled naked on the blanket, Castiel threw another quilt on him, covering his legs and ass. Then, he placed his hand gently on the small of Dean's back.
“Why are you telling me this? “Of course, Cas. I… I’m sorry, I’m just so devastated by the possibility that a fucking traffic light is going to keep me from ever reaching you. I’m telling you this because I pushed all those feelings aside, and even though they tend to rise again whenever you’re particularly dorky or attractive, like when you’ve mastered the skill of eating single grains of rice with chopsticks or when you have a hairband on, I… I thought you’d be better off without knowing a lowlife like me has a thing for you. Our friendship is so fucking important to me, and to you, and I didn’t want to ruin it.”
“All that comes to mind is a bachelor party in a couple of weeks,” Castiel says, idly placing the sticker, “other than that it’s graduation parties, and I doubt you could get in there without anyone questioning your motives.”
Castiel tries his best to come up with a romantic night in a garden, but the more he thinks about the details from drinks to decorative flowers to serving little bites of chocolate, the more his chest hurts. He’d hoped James would’ve had enough of a break already and contacted him. As long as there’s radio silence, he’s unable to move forward, and that might be the reason he doesn’t contact Dean either — no matter how much he misses him.
“Well, you’re right, as always. Look. I’ll leave you for a bit, there’s one more thing I need to snatch from the market before we go grocery shopping. And it might be for you. And I don’t want you to see it yet.”
Dean nodded. “I've been coherent since I first saw you and that was when I first kind of wanted to kiss you.”
Luckily, it didn’t take Dean long to fetch drinks; Castiel had time to take off his trenchcoat, but not much else. Dean was still grinning as he returned, and Castiel answered with a frown.
Last, but not least — he doesn’t feel safe. Not when everyone knows everyone he’s ever met, and he’s let a stranger come into his home this easily.
“I come here, too,” Castiel admitted and Dean could hear the smile in his voice, “She’s never here. Did we bore you with the game? Did we ruin your fun?”
“Well, that’s true, of course,” Sam says, a frown of concentration forming on his face, “that should count for something. I guess we’ve done something right, at least.”
Dean is too nice and kind and angelic for his own good. Castiel hears him pack up both of their bags, whisper something to the lecturer and then lean back towards Castiel.
As soon as he turned around to leave, Dean’s hand was on his shoulder. “Hey, uh. We should talk, right?”
The man tilted his head and squinted in a manner Dean had seen not too long ago. Was this the kid's guardian?
Dean seems to calculate for a moment, after which he gets up and pulls Castiel in for a slow, deliberate kiss.
“I’ll go get you something,” Meg smiles. She seems to be in a good mood; then again, flirting back and forth with a gal like Charlie would make any queer person happy.
“Well, sure you could. You’re charismatic as fuck. But the final act is not going to take place here.”
The closer he gets to the store, the more he’s filled with gloomy anticipation — with dread. His heart starts pounding like it did the first time he went out after being homebound, and his feet start to feel wobbly under him. Blaming the long week, he tries to shake it off as a panic attack. To distract himself, he takes his phone in hand, idly staring at the screen.
Dean is punctual. He knocks on the door fifteen minutes later. Castiel opens the door hoping that the can of Coke he has in his hands would be beer instead.
For emphasis, Mary stroked his back firmly. Dean looked straight into his mother's eyes, trying to put the puzzle pieces together. Finally, it clicked.
But it wouldn’t be worth it if all they did was see each other and consider each other not worth knowing in real life, parting at last for good. It’s as if every moment has been building up to that point, towards their meeting, and losing each other is a risk they should be able to take.
“You’d know it if you saw it,” Castiel says, relieved. He sits down on one of the rocking chairs placed in a cozy row next to the windows. Dean looks at the windows, the lights, the concrete for a while longer before sitting down opposite him.
It makes Castiel tired, too. He might not choke on his first five minutes of diaphragm breathing now, but he’s still way off from making it automatic. They didn’t talk about serious issues, but he feels socially drained. As he walks home, he realizes he might need a couple of days off until he’s ready to contact the outside world again.
“Oh, not at all,” Castiel says hastily, “it was kind of a spontaneous decision. I was buying some cauliflower, and just saw the library on my way back.”
, Dean asks, but Castiel can’t risk losing his breath; it takes all he has not to faint due to hyperventilation. Dean grips him tighter, pulls him against his solid chest, to suffocate – no, to even out breathing with controlled oxygen intake.
“There has been definite progress since we last talked, in that case. Last week, you didn’t do your laundry.”
He needs Dean. He needs him to look at Castiel like he’s the only thing that matters, and it’s so overwhelming he doesn’t recognize himself in the debris of what used to be before.
Because the silence lasts for more than two seconds, Castiel hides behind his hands. He's definitely crying now, sobs making his whole body shake. Why the fuck did he just ruin it?
, he promised Dean not to get upset. Who makes promises like that? Dean’s looking at him, scanning for clues on his face and in his eyes, looking absolutely horrified himself.
“Nobody is saying you will become a victim. Now, let’s reel back a bit. You said you’re unable to leave the house for long. Does that mean you’ve already left the house?”
Dean takes his own jacket off slowly, and Castiel follows suit. After taking a layer off, they immediately fall against each other again.
balcony,” he mutters to the glass. Castiel’s heart is about to burst at the sight and the sound of him.
“I used to come here sometimes. I used to buy a ticket and ride the subway until I felt nauseated. I used to love to just watch the people going about their day-to-day life, not realizing what they have.”
“So, we talked briefly with Castiel on Saturday,” Sam starts, “but I haven’t met you two. I’m Sam Winchester, and this is my brother Dean. We’re two thirds of the management of Winchester, Inc., and have the third one’s permission to represent the company with you today.”
Another pressing matter is his invitation to James. It’s not likely he’ll be there, not when he’s still AWOL apart from the steady beat of his heart, but Castiel should at least try to make it himself? For some reason, he keeps hoping that it’s all been a misunderstanding, that James is so happy to meet him they’ll just laugh and kiss and drink coffee — and Castiel will finally tell him he’s been lying about his name, and that, too, will just be funny.
His knees meet the concrete with a sound that shouldn’t be as loud as it is and pain crosses his adolescent body, making him yelp. His body starts liquifying, melting away as thousands of millions of needles stab through his skin and let his essence ooze out from collateral pinpricks.
She winks and leaves the table. Dean watches her go and briefly it feels like a regular night out. They used to go a lot when they were younger and Dean was still optimistic, before everything normal was too hard for him, before his world shrunk into nothing but late hours at the garage.
So maybe the mood from their not-really-snuggling under the coat racks hasn’t completely evaporated.
He feels nauseated to even consider this line of thought, so he quickly guides the conversation with James elsewhere. He doesn’t have the strength to keep talking about his
A message from Balthazar lights up the phone screen. Castiel turns his head towards the source of light in the dimly lit room and exhales. He opens his conversation with James without paying attention to Balthazar yet.
He only takes a small mental step back from his admiration upon realizing the dancer is actually Castiel Novak. Wow, Rowena really went big after Dean — and undeniably more douchey. Still, he can’t deny talent when he sees it.
“Definitely,” Dean confirms. “We were looking into some of your previous work and scouting for how much people usually pay for services such as this. I think we can negotiate a price that satisfies all of us.”
Charlie’s face falls a little, but she hides it surprisingly well. She picks up her phone again, and starts typing. Castiel turns his head towards the television that’s showing local news. No sign of his wings yet. Maybe that’s for the better.
They finish with the drinks just as the rain stops beating against the roof. Castiel’s looking around to see if they’re already keeping their clients waiting, but everything seems to be alright for now.
“She’s terrible. She’s mean, and overwhelming, and way too adventurous, and exactly what I’ve been looking for.”
”I’m tired, Dean. I’m not saying this is a suicidal journey, but I know I’m too tired to care if I return.”
Castiel immediately lets go of him and takes a step back. The silence is ringing in his ears, until he releases the breath he didn’t know he was holding.
, because that all-consuming self-hatred and guilt is back instantly. How could he even think about wanting anyone else but James? James has never been anything but perfectly good and understanding, and Castiel hasn’t given him a proper shot at showing how much he actually cares.
Gilda's question almost caught Dean off guard. He'd seen how all three of his friends had been side-eyeing him for a while now, but didn't want to ask because he wasn't really feeling like talking.
Meg doesn’t say anything, but she’s wearing a deep frown that sticks with her until she turns towards the door as a customer comes in.
“Me, too,” Charlie says, appearing from seemingly thin air. They make their way to their usual spot on the second floor while waiting for the lecturer to come, greeting Benny and Jo as they arrive. Seems like everyone’s on board with pizza night, which means Castiel and Dean won’t be able to spend time alone.
Castiel exhales at the sudden loss of his companion. He tries not to think too much into it, but he’s also blushing, because
”I was told life is about using the whole box of crayons,” Castiel huffed, ”and I'm only using the grays.”
“Customer says it can’t wait. Like we said, it’s a small gathering of around ten, drinks from someone on our side, and decorations for the venue.”
“Never mind that,” Castiel says, his voice strangled with unshed tears. He’s morbidly embarrassed and needs an out. “Glad we got that figured out. Let’s get back inside. People must need you already.”
He left his overnight bag at the backseat of his car, not wanting to seem too eager, and ascended the stone steps up to a double door. He rang the doorbell that echoed inside, and waited until Castiel shuffled to his view.
When Castiel is done with unpacking, Dean gives him another long gaze – this one calculating, and then almost nervous. Castiel tilts his head for a question.
”It's alright, I know. It's overwhelming. I thought karaoke can't be boring, too and it pains me to know I was wrong. By the way, you needn't say a thing”, Dean articulates carefully and Castiel's insides catch fire because he knows it's
Castiel lifts his hands to the sides of Dean’s head and pulls him in for a kiss. Dean’s warm hands wrap around his wrists, and for a hesitant moment they just stand still, lips to lips, and familiarize themselves with each other’s breath, and touch, and warmth.
When Castiel involuntarily moans again, there’s fear in his eyes for the slightest of seconds. Dean lifts himself up and wraps his arms around Castiel, kissing his mouth and nose gently.
Castiel's whole body just kind of stops working for a while. Alright. Yes. Alright. For the fake relationship thing. That's why Dean is asking. Of course. He clears his throat.
She can deal with an accidental artificial insemination, so Castiel should be able to deal with people.
“Of course. I’ll let you know when I’m there alone, then,” Sam says and offers a hand. “I look forward to our cooperation.”
Dean lifted his hand and this time, Castiel's instict was to lean against his touch. They never broke eye contact and it felt safer than anything. The warm velved blanket was gently falling on them again and it felt so close to home it made Castiel dizzy.
The tram was already at the stop as Dean reached it and he would have gotten on it without effort, unless. Unless there was someone grabbing his wrist and forcing him to come to a halt. Anxiety, well built up in his ribcage now, escalated as a yell.
“If you would,” Castiel says calmly, rolling his eyes fondly. The good feeling he always had about Charlie hasn’t faded, and he’s determined to make her a friend.
“Do I ever think,” Castiel huffs, rolling his eyes but still smiling. “What do you think? I’ve literally had an hour to process this. I swear, Dean.”“Still, I’m glad,” Dean says absentmindedly, and Castiel finally puts the kettle on. “I’m glad that we’re here now. I can’t be mad, because accidents don’t just happen… Accidentally.”
He’s only a couple of strokes away from the shore when he realizes that the shoe soles that he’s staring at are still attached to a person. A person who seemingly dropped out of nowhere, is likely unconscious, has a gun in their hand, and scares Castiel half to death. Not many people this far east; most only travel to Europa, the town Castiel left behind three days ago. Maybe someone on a pilgrimage?
arrangement they had once. He leaves the tambourine and pulls the thus-far neglected keyboard table closer to the mic stand he’s next to, exhales, and chooses an electronic, eerie-sounding string sample that he distorts with the mixer. It’s a good minute of plain string intro, and then, he straightens up and sings.
Dean huffs out a humorless laugh. “You don’t need to understand. I’ve been a mess all this time, and I’ve kept on driving you away.”
He should do this, if not for Gabriel, then for Dean. The guy used to suck at all kinds of writing, but he'd really stepped up his game when he learned that Castiel was studying linguistics (and when Castiel threatened to stop talking to him if he didn't start producing complete sentences).
“Trust me, it warms mine, too,” Castiel says. He looks down at his fingers that are still shaking, but right now, he’s alright again.
With a sigh, Castiel collects his thoughts and digs up some books from his locker. As blessed as he is to have Dean in the same school once more, he should be focusing on graduating college; there’s only half a semester left before they take their final exams and are set free forever. He’s already getting stress migraines, and one particularly nasty case has been making its way to the surface for days now. He needs to set his priorities to studying, and studying alone.
As he stepped in through the door to Lush and was greeted by a torrent of scents and glitter, he instantly had regrets. He could barely see anything through the swarm of people, and even when he could, the products made zero sense. It looked more like an elitist cheese display than a cosmetic store, and he was just about to turn on his heels and go buy store brand instead, when he was greeted.
Sam had been a driving force in starting treatment — the doctors had been trying to wait it out after the MRI returned with zero head injury, but when they’d scanned him the second time a few days later, the infection had spread.
“Because you've found someone and you're moving because you don't want to live with your college buddy anymore and-”
After three glasses of cheap red wine, Castiel was as good as drunk. Gabriel had brought along some of his friends that Castiel had maybe seen before but didn't know well enough to remember names. They were in various, deeper states of drunkenness, having chugged down a bottle of whiskey on the way here.
“Why am I even surprised?” he asks, a completely rhetorical question, and the man looks up at him. There’s fear and fatigue in his eyes already. Castiel digs his heels firmly into the ground before crouching and reaching out a hand for the guy to take. The riverbank is not high, and it’s easy to climb – especially without a damn gun in the other hand. At least he’s finally walking without it out.
Castiel let himself whine quietly on his bed for a little longer until he finally collected himself and got up from his bed to meet the heaps of clothes and books. He was not a neat person even though his professor-like outfit choices suggested otherwise – he had serious trouble with keeping anything in its designated place. Even though the room was small, it was way better than the alternative that was sharing a space with someone else. His mess was an abomination but at least it was behind his very own door.
He wants to shout ‘who’s there’, but his throat is suddenly dry. A thousand thoughts pass through his mind —
The moment, of course, passed soon, but it left Castiel both angry and frustratingly hot. Not in a horny way, but -- what if James is as stunning as Dean is? What if he could actually have both the looks and the attraction of Dean Winchester and the friendship and loyalty of James in a single person? Even now, sitting here, drinking his tea in the morning light, the thought of him returning to Dean after a day at work makes him giddy and blushing.
“Aww,”, Castiel says, and finally lets the squirmy tortie go only to reach towards the kitten in Dean’s hands now, “I would’ve wanted to meet up.”
Everything from miniature Aphrodite du Venus statues to oven mitts were placed on three large tables that circled the edges of a tent. It was warm and cozy inside, surprisingly so considering the low temperatures outside, and the warm light made the place feel almost sacred.
”I'm sorry for not calling earlier,” she said, her voice came out almost forced and static, ”I've been really busy. Also, I didn't really know what to tell you.”
”And it helps if someone clarifies it for me. It works as a confirmation that I’ve understood correctly, that someone else has read it the same way I did. And before you can get to blame me for not taking responsibility of my own actions and understanding, trust me, you’re late to that train.”
It's dark when he wakes up with a gasp, a sharp, fast inhale that hurts his lungs – and his heart is thumping loud in his chest, ringing in his ears, echoing all over his body.
Dean can’t wait to get better and start dancing again; Jody said it would take a while before his finer motor functions were good enough for that. He feels normal, though, and hates the feeling of incompetence.
”I just need to get home”, Dean answered, ”I'm sorry I'm ruining tonight for you. You can go back to your family. I'll manage – heck, I might even be better off on my own.”
All of the tiredness is gone from Dean’s eyes in an instant, and he’s looking at Castiel attentively — his surprise by the sudden mood swing leaving his mouth slightly open.
It was delivering meticulous punches straight into Castiel’s weak spots, and he vaguely realized it — Bart was upset and not thinking clearly and probably he didn’t mean to say all of this.
Dean lifted his hands slowly to finally take Castiel's beaked mask off. Doing that, he let his fingertips caress Castiel's cheeks so lightly it felt like tiny fireflies – but also firecrackers.
“In that case, can I steal you away for a second? I haven’t eaten yet and I’d like to talk to the team captain before the preparations get too hectic.”
Castiel feels his lungs deflate. It’s… well. Wow. He’s so embarrassed by his previous line of thought that he needs to take a seat on the couch and hide his face behind the fingers of his free hand. Shit, that was close.
How is he supposed to hold all these threads in his hands? His brain tries to tell him he’s not ready to have a relationship not when he’s still getting over Bartholomew, and he should probably worry about the man who’s been threatening him. If he were to take his own advice, the choice between James and Dean would be easy — he’s allowed nowhere near Dean.
Castiel laughed. “Yeah, we’ve totally been working enough to allow ourselves a break. Besides, aren’t you in a hurry?”
Castiel frowns at him, then at his gun. Noticing this, he quickly hides it behind his back as if that would make the situation better.
Castiel can see him making notes. He’s frustrated enough to feel his heartbeat rise now. Immediately, he feels the pulse on the ring pick up as well, and it fills his chest with a
Castiel’s kind of pleased to realize they are exactly the same people they were back at the club. It makes it easier for him to relax, knowing their brotherly banter wasn’t fully caused by alcohol.
With a nod, he was out the door. Castiel could feel Gabriel's eyes boring a hole on his cheek but he deliberately ignored that and gave his pizza another shot. The glowstick was now wrapped around his wrist and he intended to keep it that way until tonight was over. It made him feel giddy and… No, nothing else – his thought trail was way too embarrassing to even go through.
Dean obliged. He turned around, and leaned back until he was comfortably lying on Castiel's arms. His heart was trying to beat out of his chest, and he felt dizzier than before, and unable to breathe – until Castiel wrapped his arms gently around him.
There’s no hesitation in Dean’s answer. Castiel is drawn in for a kiss, a deep, a devoted, an almost possessive one. He pulls Castiel closer until he has no choice but to climb on the table on top of him. They exchange kisses – slow, heavy, needy, heady, intimate, chaste – while intertwining their fingers again. Dean hums in appreciation as Castiel gives him a couple of kisses on his chin and cheek.
“Good choice,” Castiel said, awakening Dean from his nonsense conspiracy theories. “I was thinking about this place in combination to the massage. You can lie down on the carpet, let me just get you a blanket first.”
Castiel has one more therapy session before their performance, and then it’s upon them, suddenly — it’s Saturday morning, Kevin calls him every five minutes, and he’s scheduled for a shift at the store before going to the club. No point in losing a day’s sale only to stand somewhere else, and his friends, having planned most of this without him anyway, can really get a move on when it’s about party planning. They’re still glad it’s a simple setting with a simple performance; it would be a completely different thing to guide a hundred children while simultaneously trying to ensure their safety with fences and bring in a thousand balloons without them noticing, possibly hiding a pony and a clown in there somewhere. Still, even though Castiel doesn’t have a preference with parties, clubbing seems like the last thing he wants to do in this stage of his life.
“Oh my god,” Dean says, and for the first time, his voice is full of emotion that isn’t sadness or nonchalance. “She’s the best chef I’ve ever met. Her burgers are to die for. Wait-”
Castiel huffed and straightened himself on the bed. For a moment, Dean thought they were going to sleep now, but no – Castiel had other things in mind.
He’s wearing 90 percent of all his bracelets and rings, because he’s going to need all the support from his personal armor.
“I’ll bring you chocolate meringue, then,” Castiel says with a shrug. “Be careful, though. In jail, the only company you’ll have is you. Might end up destroying yourself instead.”
Castiel’s line of self-sacrificing thoughts is interrupted by a swift slap delivered to the back of his head with a notebook. He lifts his gaze to meet Charlie’s angry face.
, it’s a safe song to choose. Chuck, the club’s lighting engineer, bathes the stage with beams of blue, stationary light, and it lets him delve deeper into the feeling of the song. During the first chorus, Balthazar’s drums come in, and Castiel kicks the looper into a new gear, making his voice echo breathlessly behind the strings.
“Look, there’s the obvious gap between when you left your house and now,” Dean mutters, “I last heard you when you closed the door of your house.”
“Went to the store this morning,” Kevin explains, “to do some inventory. I don’t want to push you harder than you need to be pushed, but what do you think: would you be up for, like, three shifts next week? We’d be able to get stuff done in the venue, get it ready.”
“Well, just that if there’s anything I can do to help, I will,” Sam says, leaning back on his chair. “But apart from dancing, please. I’m not good.”
“Ah, good. Good, then. Charlie knows about our new family members and has already shown interest in babysitting, if we need space to renovate.”
“I couldn’t sleep after you fell asleep, and the longer I laid next to you, the harder it was for me to know how to act in the morning. Look, truth be told, I’m not used to these kind of… Activities. I don’t know what it means when you tell me you don’t want a relationship. Are we going to stay friends? Is that too much of a relationship? Will drinking morning coffee with you make you think I want a romantic relationship with you? I’m sorry, I should’ve brought all of this up before we did anything, but-”
Dean smirks. “I’m gonna remember that next time I’ve pissed you off. But anyway.” He looks down at his glass, picks it up and swirls it around. “You don’t need to sleep, right?” Castiel nods in agreement. “But you
Sam rolls his eyes. “I had a smoothie. So if there’s any gas in the car, it’s yours. Now come on, you lazy asses. I’d like to get back early enough to start researching.”
, which Dean complains about, but which Sam knows he secretly likes. When Cas enters the TV room, he’s wearing his stolen pajamas, with one of Dean’s hoodies on top.
“When they are no longer connected to an angel, they lose the grace that holds them on the astral plane and can then appear to human perception.”
“Okay, Dean, before I tell you, you have to promise not to kill me,” Sam began, and Dean shook his head. Nothing good ever started with Sam saying those words.
It hurt to see the wounded expression on Cas’s face, but Dean held strong. He really did need to get some distance if he was going to survive this. Plus, he actually did enjoy a little alone time each day to recharge. He was feeling a little worn down from the constant interaction all day. Even being around someone he lo– he enjoyed being around could get exhausting after a while.
After breakfast, he, Sam, and Cas sat down to hash out a plan to train up the kids. Dean loved seeing the light spark in his brother’s eyes as they worked out the details. The man was an excellent hunter, but leadership and knowledge was where he really shined. Dean may not have what it took to be a true Man of Letters, but Sam had been cut from Henry Winchester’s cloth and had settled into the role like a duck to water. Dean could see the longing for fieldwork in his eyes from time to time, but usually he was content to act as their hunter liaison. And to be honest, Dean was glad to have him out of harm’s way, excellent hunter or not. He could concentrate on the hunt better when he wasn’t worried for Sam’s life. Still, it was good to get the occasional confirmation that he truly was happy with his new work.
Sam shakes his head. “Nada. It’s like they all got up and walked out of their houses, and they took nothing with them.”
“What are you doing? I’m not walking to Kansas City,” Cas says. Dean glances in the mirror to see him slumping low in his seat as if to dig in for a siege.
The only thing she said as they were cleaning up was that they didn’t act like any hunters she knew, or even the way they’d acted when she’d originally met them, and for a moment, Dean was thrown. Had they really changed so much in the last few years? Then he realized that they changed that much just in the last few months, since the bonding ritual. They’d been forced to change how they lived and what choices they made, Dean especially. He couldn’t rush headlong into danger now that he had a bondmate to think of. They still weren’t sure what would happen if he died or, worse, if Cas got stabbed by an angel blade, and he wasn’t eager to find out. Luckily, Heaven seemed to be giving them a wide berth these days. And even though Cas and Dean (and occasionally Sam) still hunted, they took fewer cases, what with Sam’s growing network of hunters across the country who could take the jobs far from home, when they did cross the country for a job, it was usually because Cas wanted to go see the region it was in. Damn, they really were becoming boring.
fault? Dean wanted to cross back to his friend but stifled the urge. “I’m fucking pissed, but not at you. But I do need some space, if your predictions are true. I can’t … I just …” He dropped his head back and shook it. “I need to be alone.” He whirled and left the room before he could see what his words did to Cas.
Cas grumbles a bit before finding actual words. “No, this has never happened before that I’m aware of. But with so few angels being so permanently located on Earth, it’s hard to say. Add in the Fall … and who knows, this might be happening to the few remaining earthbound angels too. We don’t exactly WhatsApp each other the latest on our lives.”
Sitting up made him dizzy for a moment, and he shook his head to clear it. He should probably eat. It had been a while, and he had no idea what his metabolism would be like with the bond. He was reluctant to even step foot back in the bunker proper, though, for fear he’d run into Cas before he was ready to see him. Or that Cas would take his entering the space as a signal to come find him, which would take exactly three seconds with the bond. So instead, Dean sat in the front seat of his car, and worked his way through the last beers in the pack.
“Holy shit, really?” Dean went for his phone before realizing it was still in the bedroom, so he looked at Cas wordlessly asking for both the time and an explanation for the late start.
They still have things to figure out. They’re an immortal angel (mostly) and a human hunter. They live dangerous lives. But they’ve taken the first step. Castiel thinks they just might be okay.
Sam is ninety-nine percent sure he’s read every book on angels in the library—twice. He rubs his eyes and looks at the time: past midnight, he’s surprised to find. He’d continued reading the book he’d started during
Cas beamed at him. Fuck, that look would be the death of him, for sure. Of course, seeing that smile made Dean want to do more to earn that look again.
in quick succession. Dean was even trying his hand at baking, and subjecting Sam and Cas to his results, over Cas’s protestations that he didn’t need to eat, and that he definitely didn’t deserve to be subjected to the charcoal brick Dean called his first loaf of bread.
It’s annoying, but also kind of adorable. Dean banishes the last thought. “I’m not gonna make you walk all the way there. But you
“Well, if you’re gonna be hanging out there awake every night, you should have somewhere to keep the books you like the best. You’ll probably run out of space on the built-in shelf pretty quick. Do you want a bigger desk? The one in there is kinda small, but I’ve seen some bigger ones somewhere. Is the couch comfortable enough for you, when you don’t want to sit on the bed? We can look for softer chair, if you prefer.” Dean pulled his bondmate to the door, trying to remember where he’d seen the fancy desks. “Do you need a set of drawers for your new clothes?”
Sam shuffled some papers with his translation of the ritual. He could manage Latin pretty well, and his Enochian was getting better, but the ritual was written in some weird combo of the two, and he’d been complaining about declensions for the last hour. Whatever those were, they didn’t sound pleasant. Sam handed a page over and pointed to the relevant section.
“Whatever. If you want food, follow me. If you’d rather hole up in a room and ignore us, Cas can show you where to go.” He headed for the kitchen to check on the cornbread. It should be just about ready.
“I can’t believe what she’s had to deal with in the last few years. She said it was her father’s choice, and her mother’s by extension, but I can’t help but feel extremely guilty for the position my actions put her in.”
Dean frowned at his brother. “That’s all that news gets? ‘Thanks for telling me’? Sammy, that took me a lot of guts to admit.”
After his fifth lap, he realized he was starving, and went inside for some munchies. Two triple-decker sandwiches and a whole bag of chips later, his heart stopped feeling like it was going to beat out of his chest, and he finally settled down with some beer and
Dean shrugged and held his fork out to Cas, who just looked at it curiously. “Think you should try food now that you can taste it.” He wiggled the fork a little. “Just try a bite.”
They’re arguing when they return just over ten minutes later, and Sam sighs, throws on his headphones, and gets back to researching. When he turns off his music an hour or so later, the room is quiet, and only Dean is there. Sam’s about to ask where Cas bopped off to when he realizes the shower is running.
“Cool, yeah. The gray is major depressing. Also, this place is in dire need of rugs. Everything is concrete. It’s not particularly warm.”
Even if he could muster up the balls to say something, all thoughts on Cas’s feelings were put on hold when the angel finally allowed them to go out on their first hunt since being bonded. It promised to be an easy salt and burn, but it was good to get out of the bunker and into some action. They’d been testing the limits of the bond, but this would be their first chance to see how well it worked while doing their job.
“This one needed to ‘swim with the shark’—which is very much a lie—stop to see the world’s largest jackalope, and ‘pay tribute’ at the prostitute monument.” Cas rolled his eyes, picked up their bags, and met Dean’s gaze. They’d decided to tell Sam first, together, but Cas wanted to give Dean time first to say a few things to him alone. “Back in five.”
He was offended for about two seconds, then slumped. “Believe me, I know how weird it is. Come on, let’s shoot things instead of talking about this.”
Dean saw the signs of her itching to leave, though, so he wasn’t too surprised when she wasn’t anywhere in the bunker one morning. She had been courteous enough to leave a note, at least. The three men shared a look over the note and hoped she’d be okay. She had their phone numbers, at least, and knew how to get to the bunker. And if all else failed, she could pray to Cas for help.
There’s a warmth in Castiel’s chest that he gets sometimes around the Winchesters, like when they call him family or Dean says “best friend” with that fond smile or they side with him against whomever they’re fighting that particular week. “Really?” he asks, not completely believing he’s worthy of the help. The Fall was partially his fault, which means he should deal with his wings on his own.
The plan didn’t sit right with Dean, but it wasn’t until he was brushing his teeth that it hit him. If Cas was feeling warmth from layers of clothes, then he probably would be uncomfortable sitting in a wooden chair all night, while Dean snoozed in comfort on the memory foam (his best purchase since settling in at the bunker). He was wondering how to offer a more comfortable spot next to him on the bed—it wasn’t weird, they wouldn’t even be sleeping in the same bed; Dean would be sleeping and Cas, an angel of the Lord, not a human, would be sitting next to him, probably reading or thinking existential thoughts or whatever—as he walked across the room and pulled back the covers on the bed. He broke down when Cas pulled up that hard chair next to Dean as he climbed into bed.
“No! You won’t die. Well, I don’t think so, but since I can’t find any accounts of this ritual being performed between an angel and human, it’s hard to know for sure …” Sam wrinkled his brow and gave Dean that damn puppy dog face.
Sam sighed. “Fine. Look, I should get back to this,” he said, picking up his book. “Garth needs an answer ASAP.”
“Well, I like it.” Dean shook himself and focused making pancake batter, but he paused while measuring out the mix. “Wait, if Sam doesn’t do the cinnamon, and I’ve tasted it in my coffee for entire month we’ve lived here, does that mean you …”
“I was going to, but then I saw the Fleetwood Mac t-shirt, and it reminded me of the first hunt I went with you on that wasn’t related to the apocalypse. You wore the shirt the night after the hunt ended, and that night has always stuck in my memory. Then I touched it, and it was very soft, and I liked that.”
They celebrated Charlie’s arrival with another big dinner, this time lasagna with garlic bread, green beans, and an apple pie for dessert—with Dean’s now tried-and-true, from-scratch pie crust. After that, it was
And because he can’t help himself—these two really need to figure their shit out before Sam defenestrates himself to get away from the pine forest growing in the bunker—he adds on, “plus, if you leave, I’ll have to deal with Dean being all lovelorn and mopey-depressed, and I don’t know if I can do that again.”
“It’s a bit of an acquired taste, man.” Dean stood up and patted Cas on the arm, aiming for the bare skin of his lower arm, since it had been a few minutes since they’d touched. The ants under his skin calmed. “I think I can help. Be right back.”
“We have a list,” Cas said, proudly brandishing the sheet of paper he’d just finished writing on. “Add anything not already on there.”
“Anyway, yeah. I never really came clean about that, and we avoided talking about the romantic aspect this type of bond usually has, and we just … settled in as platonic roomies/best friends who sometimes hold hands and cuddle in bed.”
“Right. Yeah. Leave you to it, then.” Dean stood and wiped sweaty hands on his jeans. Fuck. What was he going to do?
After the grocery store, they picked up some Greek and headed back to the bunker. Sam met them at the door during the second trip inside, and he helped Dean unload the TV (not nearly large enough for Dean’s taste, but it was still far better than a laptop screen). Cas offered to zap it inside for them, but Dean waved off the help. Angel mojo was all well and good when they were fighting some hinky monster or demons, but he preferred doing things the old-fashioned way. In his line of work, he couldn’t let himself get lazy. That’d just get him killed.
Dean pulled his hands away, and sure enough, Cas stood just as he’d pictured him, trench coat, head cock, and all.
Dean took his hand long enough to stand, but dropped it as soon as he had his balance. It wasn’t like they could go around constantly touching for the next insert-vague-time-period-here. He didn’t want to get used to the feeling. He’d top up only when he started getting nauseous. That seemed like a good limit.
Dean hummed. “Cas, I think this is all on you, dude. Can you,” he wiggled his fingers in the air, “miracle it into the room?”
As Dean is about to come up with some witty comeback, he hears a chuckle. He glances across the room to see Sam leaning against the doorframe.
our room, after all. At least until we can be out of each other’s sight for longer than fifteen minutes at a time.”
Cas had been right the night before; it was nice feeling like you were a part of something. Dean’d had Sammy for most of his life, but this was definitely different from that, and not just because of the bond, though that certainly helped. They’d settled into friendship pretty easily, despite being such opposites (and not being the same species) and having the whole apocalypse drama going on. He was beginning to believe Bobby when he’d said the bond couldn’t have even formed without a foundational relationship to work with. He’d never gotten up the nerve to ask Cas if that was true, though. He just tried to enjoy what they did have, and not question it too hard.
“You need to stretch your legs, I think,” is Dean’s only explanation. What the fuck is going on? The guy is often grumpy, but this is a whole ‘nother level. Cas is an angel. He doesn’t get uncomfortable. Or fidgety.
“Thank God,” Sam huffed. “Are you okay? It looks like you both collapsed. What happened? One minute, Cas was talking to me, looking a little out of it, and the next, he gasped and zapped himself out of my room. I’ve spent the past five minutes trying to find you guys.”
Cas thumped his ear teasingly. “I’m an angel, trained for millennia in combat and strategy, I led a garrison, and I have inhuman strength and speed. You’re a human with above average human reflexes and strength. You’re doing very well. Accept the compliment.”
He’s through the door before Dean can argue, and Dean goes straight for the coat he left behind. He pulls the feather back out and studies it, and Sam comes over to do the same.
Cas looks like he’s going to protest, but he stops and furrows his brow. “I … suppose it’s possible. Though my wings have never healed in this way before.”
acting like an ogre. What Cas didn’t know was that Dean’s actions were only in an effort to protect his own fragile feelings. But in doing so, he’d hurt Cas. He really was a shitty bondmate. He’d need to find a way to make Cas feel appreciated, even if it broke his own heart. They were best friends who just happened to now have a bit of a codependence problem. He needed to start acting like he cared. Not that it was an act …
“Wait, really?” Dean craned his head to look his bondmate in the eye and saw a mixture of frustration and tired humor on his face. He huffed a laugh. “You’re getting better at sarcasm, dude. Maybe that’s what you’re getting from me out of this deal.” He nudged Cas on the shoulder, then left it there.
“Given how much of a prima donna this one is about the texture of clothes, I figured second hand was the way to go, since worn stuff tends to be softer. Went to a place we found by the grocery store.”
Sammy is sitting at the table already researching, and Cas barrels into the bathroom. The shower starts up.
He’d be trying to do better to show Cas that he wanted him there. The movie nights and the cooking and all of their routines, they were a comfort to him, but his first thought had been to provide a place for Cas and Sam to feel safe and happy in.
“And I’m glad you finally felt comfortable telling me, really. But, the thing is … I’ve known for a while now. Probably longer than you have. Or, I knew before you admitted it to yourself at least.”
“Oh, she’s super cool!” Kevin exclaimed. “I had a video call with her yesterday for some research. She’s a wicked hacker,
“Nuh uh. We’ll be closing in on an hour by the time we reach Cas. You’re not driving, unless you feel like crashing your precious car.”
“No, I mean– well, actually, that explains a few things …” Dean thought back to every time he felt anxious over the last hour or two and a touch between the two of them calmed him. Some biological imperative, it seemed, to use Sam speak. “I meant, how long will it take the bond to settle? A few days? Weeks?” He prayed for the former, but prepared for the latter.
Cas cocked his head. “There is a chance of snow today, actually. Twenty-two percent, light dusting at most.”
“Meh, I’ve resolved myself to being a part of this world now. I mean, Sam called me just a couple of days ago about some research. And I got to meet the new helper, Kevin. Oh, is he one of the newbs you’re talking about?”
It hadn’t been too bad in the beginning. Dad didn’t know what hunting was at first, so they spent the first couple of years after the fire in a small temporary apartment in Lawrence. It wasn’t until Sam was potty trained that they really started traveling as Dad sniffed out stories of demons or mysterious circumstances. Then he started hunting other things. And Dean, far too young, realized he was the only one around to give Sammy the attention a little kid needed.
“Ugh, he’s about a billion years old, and I’m thirty-four. We are too old to be boyfriends. Also,” he added, wanting to one-up her, “we’re best friends who … um, happen to be angel married?” Now why had he said that? She did not need to know their weird private life.
“I think I saw some spare bookshelves in the next room. Wanna help me move one into our bedroom?” The use of
“Yup. Kevin and Claire today, probably call Charlie tonight, since she sorta helped me out with all this a few weeks ago. And I was thinking I’d invite Garth, Bobby, and Jody down soon. I want to tell them in person.”
“But I know you enjoy watching me eat, and Saturday morning cartoons haven’t been an actual thing since streaming services popped up, so it all works out, doesn’t it?” He stood and popped his back, then pointed an accusatory finger at Cas, who was eyeing his terrible suit and trench coat after getting out of bed. “No clothes!”
eye sex. What even is eye sex? At the most, there is eye pining from Dean. Cas just has his normal intense stare he gives everyone.
capable of sleeping,” Castiel protests, but a small part of his mind is also worrying over this fact. Just because he’s
Cas fidgeted with the hem of his cardigan with his free hand, looking down at the floor. “I want you to be happy, Dean. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Hello, Dean,” and she sounded so much like Cas in that moment that Dean’s breath caught.
Sam puts his hands up. “Hey, don’t bring me into it. I’m just an innocent bystander.” He goes over to pour himself a cup of joe. “If you two geeks ever stop fighting about movie titles and want to actually watch the movie, let me know.”
Sam, by now used to the fact that Dean would never want to be as formal with the hunt reporting that Sam wanted (Men of Letters BS, was what it was), nodded and followed Dean. “Oh, Claire,” he said, turning around to address her, “Kevin found that tulpa book you were asking about. He’s in the study room.”
Sam keeps himself occupied with a few small solo hunts and a lot of research he’s ‘been meaning to get to for years.’ He comes home one day with something called the Discworld series and hides in his room reading the approximately thousand books when he’s not in the library or kitchen. Dean wonders if he’s trying to give him and Cas privacy, but doesn’t let himself think on it too hard. He just enjoys this quiet peace while it lasts.
enjoy this break they’re having. He enjoys sitting at the breakfast table as Dean shovels food in his mouth (though he could stand to chew with his mouth closed). He enjoys quiet afternoons in the library with Sam and a good book. He even enjoys watching those inane action movies, because he knows how much Dean enjoys them.
“Wow,” Kevin finally said. Claire nodded in agreement. They both started riffing off each other on myths that included bonds, and the different types of bonds, and then Dean stopped paying attention.
Cas grunts and turns to face Dean. He’s all frowny wrinkles and hooded eyes, and usually Dean knows well enough to leave the guy alone when he’s like this, but he’s kinda tired of avoiding him. The bunker is Dean’s home, and fuck anyone who wants to make him feel uncomfortable in his own damn home.
Cas nodded slowly, then took his own step backwards. “Of course. See you soon.” He turned and headed through the archive room door. Dean watched him a moment longer, then turned around himself. Distance was good. They both needed it.
Castiel has to admit that a shower and a change of clothes sound appealing, whether he actually needs them or not. He remembers liking long, hot showers when he’d lost his grace before. The sound of the water and the steamy heat muffled the rest of the world and let him just
“A TV!” Dean exclaimed as Sam wandered into the kitchen. The last of the pancakes were coming off the griddle, and Cas had poured two mugs of coffee. He didn’t need the caffeine, and his taster didn’t work like a human’s, but he said the flavor was so strong he could almost taste it over the taste of atoms, and he liked holding the warm mug.
He started walking again. First, he hit the kitchen for a six pack. He was still annoyed that Cas had gotten rid of his alcohol fog earlier, and he planned on recreating that feeling, just for funsies. There was a brief moment of panic that he wouldn’t be able to get drunk, that his body would just heal itself before the haze could hit, but he then he realized he’d already gotten drunk since the bonding, and he let out a little sigh of relief. Of course, that had been early on, and perhaps now that the bond had begun settling, it would be different this time. Only one way to find out. He continued to the garage after his pit stop, thinking he could have some quiet time with Baby before needing his next angel hit.
They knew very little about it except that it appeared every few decades, killed a handful of people, then disappeared again. They didn’t know how to defeat it, and it was definitely too strong for them to fight the normal way, as evidenced by Sam’s broken ribs and sprained ankle and Dean’s concussion and dislocated shoulder. They’d been at a loss on what to do next when Sam had the genius idea of finding a spell to give one of them a boost of super juice to make them strong enough to take down the huge chupa-yeti (nah, yeti-cabra was better, though it missed the Swamp Thing aspect). Then he remembered something he’d read in the angel book he’d been schlepping around recently to learn more about the dicks they now consorted with on the regular (well, mostly they consorted with just the one, and he wasn’t a dick. In fact, Dean’s feelings for him had begun to move in a worrisome direction over the past year or two that he refused to think about).
“In person, if you’re okay with waiting? Maybe we can get Bobby, Garth, and Jody to drive in for a big family dinner. I’d love for them to meet the newbies anyway.”
Biology reared its ugly head eventually, though, and Claire was less practiced at ignoring her body’s needs than Cas was, even these days when he was more sensitive to human senses. She finally rolled her eyes and slumped back in her chair in a practiced “whatever” move, pretending to not be annoyed at losing. Then she noticed the two men watching her.
The rainbow sheen on Cas’s wings is a bit of a tribute to Misha Collins saying he thinks Cas has rainbow wings. And yeah, it totally appeared when he fell in love with Dean. ;)
Dean groans. “I’m gonna need some coffee. Wanna come, Cas?” The angel agrees, and Sam is left in peaceful silence again.
Dean pointed a finger at Sam. “You first. How else did you know? It couldn’t have just been my Freddie Mercury crush, which, thank you for that. Now I have to go back and revisit all my teenaged idols to figure out whether I wanted them or just wanted to
, no less—he’d gotten more bedding from the front desk and made his own sleeping spot on the far side of the bed. It’d taken an hour of tossing and turning to finally fall asleep. And now, here he is, being held captive by a human-shaped heater. The realization that it’s Cas causes his heart to beat triple time, though whether in panic or excitement, he’s not sure. Probably both. He’s fucked up like that.
He’d never seen Cas sleep before. It made him seem … more relatable. Human. He’d been on his way already, what with the feelings that had been slipping under his stoic angel façade lately, but sleep was something different altogether. He wondered if he’d get to see sleeping Cas again, seeing as they were stuck together for next two months to two years, or if the sleeping only happened because Dean had to be a dumbass and test the limits of this ridiculous bond. He hoped it was that, and not that the bond was draining Cas far more than he’d told Dean it was. He might like seeing Cas be a little more human, but he didn’t want him to lose his angeltude (angelity, angelness?)—his grace, his mojo, whatever it was that made Cas
Dean shrugs and picks up the next dish—there’s a small pile of them because Sam is incapable of cleaning up after himself. “Um, me too. I think we’re both a little on edge. Things going quiet usually don’t mean anything good. And even if we had a good type of quiet, I’m not sure either of us can handle the lack of adrenaline.”
“Just a little time alone, Cas, please,” Dean pleaded, ignoring how Cas’s expression tore at his heart. “How long until we absolutely need to touch again?”
Dean’s chest was tight and there was a lump in his throat. Was he really all those things? Cas made him sound positively … cool. Like, James Bond cool. And maybe … someone worthy of an angel?
Cas squeezed his hand. “You’re naturally a caretaker, Dean. Any time you want those around you to be happy, you’re doing it right. And that’s what you’ve done here. Sam will come around. He just needs time. But at least in my case, for the first time in my four hundred million years of life, I feel like I have a real home, so much more than Heaven ever was.”
“Calls to me?” Cas gave him the same look he’d given when Dean had explained how Shaggy and Scooby could fit sandwiches the size of their heads into their mouths in two bites.
They talk about what to have for dinner, but Sam gets an odd look on his face and bows out, saying he’s stuffed from the snacks and tired from the beer and games. He exits for his room with the oddest smile on face, but Castiel can’t concentrate on that as his mind scrambles for a way to tell Dean everything he feels. Human language, as amazing and odd as it is, doesn’t always allow for the best communication. He considers the mental manipulation that Dean calls a Vulcan mind meld, because maybe then he could begin to express everything he feels for the man. But that might make Dean no longer trust him, not knowing if what he was seeing were true, and that’s the last thing he wants. He’ll have to make do with inadequate words, it seems.
Sam waves a dismissive hand. “Point is, if anyone was going to know what was wrong with him, it’d be you.”
“It hurts.” Cas’s voice isn’t the usual recent petulance. Now he sounds frustrated, almost to tears.
Dean paused when he realized he hadn’t updated Charlie on the whole bond thing. “Complicated,” he finally said. “I’ll tell you some other time. I’ve got a favor to ask of you for now.”
He glared at her, but since she really was the only one he could tell this to, he kept talking. “I’ve tried to say the words so many times, but I freeze before I can get them out. And the other night, we were about
Cas looks thoughtful for a few minutes, and Sam lets it sink in. Please, let this help them get their act together soon. He’d like to concentrate on his own life for a while.
After a few moments, Cas tightened his hand on Dean’s wrist. They lay side by side, as they often did while Dean fell asleep. Everything was perfectly normal.
Sam perked up. “Oh, hey, I was thinking of doing a sort of open house thing, now that we’ve got a lot of the bunker up and running. I thought our friends might like to see what happens here. We could plan for that soon, and you could tell them then?”
Cas smiled. “Thank you, Sam. Dean explained to me how clothing reflects personality, and I have to say, I feel I understand myself a little better now. It was an enlightening shopping trip. Also, it’s very soft.” He ran his hand over his cardigan again.
Castiel straightens up a bit. “Thank you.” He likes it when he says something right. He doesn’t mind being different, but he doesn’t care to stick out like a sore thumb either. What an odd phrase,
“I think all of this happened because of the bond, actually. Like, we already had the bunker, and you were already hanging around a lot, but you and me taking the bulk of the cases because we had to stay together gave Sammy time to stay at the bunker and research and start building his network. And because of that, Claire was able to find us. And because of our bond, we didn’t react badly when she showed up, which meant she felt safe in staying. And because of that, she sent Kevin our way. Not to mention the big one: with all our downtime, I became a fantastic chef and baker.”
Castiel isn't sure how long he's been staring into nothingness when he hears his front door open. Eileen acquired his spare key long ago for two reasons; one, he trusts her organization skills better than his own, and two, he kind of likes knowing there's someone who could come see what's happened to him if he were to die alone.
. When he was younger, all he received was critique after critique after critique, but that was to make him a better performer. Obviously, this is not what the guy here has in mind.
”We’re not here to talk about me now,” he retorted, but Castiel was not having it. After a short stare-off so familiar to them, Dean rolled his eyes.
She hums and stops to stand in front of a door, and Castiel opens it for her. She nods politely, still obviously pleased with a private joke she’s not willing to share.
It’s a flirty song, for one. The woman had chosen it to describe her physical attraction to the girl she was dating. If arranged differently, it would probably have been outright filthy — but the band had made it sound like pleasant brain waves. They could’ve been singing about fried chicken and Castiel would still have been wooed.
Castiel nods to not worry Dean, and turns around to shake the numbness from his fingers. Suddenly, Dean’s hands are there with his — gently circling  his wrists, turning him around and guiding him to the couch.
“You need to come! I want to hear all about your first class showboat life,” Charlie says, “and who knows, it might even inspire me with my work.”
“I agree with you,” Dean says when they’re alone again. “Bringing in a whole theme might be a bit too much.”
He shakes his head before stepping into the entryway of the eleven-story building Dean lives in. There’s around two dozen labels on the directory, and he presses the buzzer next to Winchester. It takes a moment before he hears the click of the front door being opened.
“It’s a Lutheran religion, so yes. Now, our food seems to be ready. If you’re going to complain about the quality or the catering of it, you’re going to go without.”
“There’s a lot of chocolate meringue in this cabinet, now,” Bartholomew said, gesturing to the cabinet in question. Castiel wondered why he even bothered to bring things up, since Bartholomew tended to ignore his protests regarding anxiety anyway. He walked to Castiel and put his hands on his waist. “They’re for the gathering I’m hosting later this week.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows and nodded. “It's cranberry, blueberry, orange, and bergamot,” he said, “not tested on animals, and it's vegan.”
“Sure,” Dean says with a shrug. “It’s been a while since I last put up a tent, but shouldn’t it be like riding a bike?”
He could see the kid's frown get deeper so he decided to give in easier this time. Kneeling down on the wet ground, he sighed.
“Castiel!” she yelps and comes in for a hug, which he happily obliges. “Oh my god, I thought we’d never see each other again.”
“Yes,” Dean says quickly and before stopping himself, continues with, “and you. Take a break from work. We need to talk.”
Castiel forces out a dry laugh, although his chest feels heavy now. What’s he got to be jealous about? He’s been flirting with Dean all night.
Castiel isn’t sure he needs help with whatever he’s going through, though. He has a therapist for that, and he has friends who would instantly prey on his agony if he were to reach out for help and then… Then there’s Sam, who, for some reason, wants to teach him yoga and breathing. He vaguely remembers the feeling from yesterday, when he thought he needed to shut out the outside world for a while, but that obviously didn’t happen.
“It must have been so hard,” Castiel says quietly. “Why didn’t you try to fire Zachariah, or buy Crowley out?”
“We used to go on a lot of cruises when we were kids,” Dean says, mostly to himself. He leans against the wooden wall of the hallway that leads to stairs. Is this place too narrow? There’s three hundred people, after all. “Sam and me. Our dad would take us on cruises.”
Then he realizes Charlie is the first person to know about Dean and about how inviting he feels to Castiel. It’s like sharing the feelings you have makes them more… palpable, more concrete. It made all those silly daydreams about coming home to a man like Dean Winchester almost within reach and that breaks Castiel’s heart a little — because it’s an illusion.
“I didn't, my friend,” Castiel says and feels a smile tug at the corner of his mouth. How long since he last smiled?
Eileen, who came to sit next to Castiel on the backseat, grabs his hand and gives it a firm squeeze. “Don’t feel obligated.”
“What's this about buddies?” a voice emanates from behind Castiel, and he feels arms wrap around his waist. Oh, he would gladly die if that meant he could have this forever. He slides his hands over Dean's and gives them a gentle squeeze.
“I love you, Castiel Novak,” he whispers, and for a fleeting moment Castiel is afraid it’ll continue with
“But none of those places make any sense to me. I wanted to… I don’t know, I guess I wanted to learn. You weren’t exactly friendly, so I didn’t even think about asking if I could tag along.”
“When’s the last time you talked to him?” Gilda asks. Castiel hopes his blush is not as visible as it feels.
”I find fishes fascinating. Their company is soothing and usually, when I'm nervous over something, I just go watch them. There's so many different kinds of fishes, too. Kind of one for every occasion.”
Of course, the possibility of Dean being involved with someone else makes it hard to see things clearly. Castiel is jealous, although he knows  he has no right to be — he can’t exactly claim rights to someone who’s a complete person instead of property. Besides, the whole concept of a relationship is now warped for him; he doesn’t know how exclusivity works, or how ownership works. He really wishes there was a way in which he could know if getting serious with someone also meant giving up something crucial of himself.
They meet in a downtown bar known for its sleek Scandinavian design and overpriced original cocktails.
They stay like that for ages – Castiel supports his weight on his palms on each side of Dean’s head and Dean caresses his back with his fingertips. The sun throws its last beams through the door and the giant window, shedding light on the kittens now asleep on the floor, curled side by side. And while Castiel is certain he still has ways to go until he’s confident with all parts of himself, he’s overwhelmingly happy to know Dean would be there to walk him through it.
For a split second, all air is punched out of Castiel and he doesn’t know how to express just how much he wants to say yes – but he’s quickly slapped in the face by the memory of Dean asking everyone out for
He looks like he’s just as deeply troubled  as Castiel is. He truly cares for the other person, but by the expression he has… God, he cares for Castiel, too.
“I can relate,” Castiel hums and, after taking a sip of his tea, leans backwards to lie down on the patio. He could fall asleep right here.
What’s going to happen now? Is Dean going to ignore him forever? Does Castiel have to move out and start a new life somewhere else? California sounds nice, although Castiel does like winter too much to leave the Northern states completely. A new start doesn’t sound half bad, to be honest.
“Oh, isn’t that just typical of you, making a dramatic scene of yourself. What do you want me to do? Coddle you? Slow clap? Play along until you realize nobody really wants to hang out with you?”
There was no time to disagree. Castiel grabbed his coat to go, yanking it on while closing the door with keys hanging between his teeth. His phone kept on vibrating in his pocket – a polite reminder of Dean's presence in his everyday affairs. A thought of them someday leaving a house,
“I guess some people are drinking more than others, and some people have a need for whiskey while others stick to beer. What’s there to it? Do I need to do something about that, captain?”
”I work at Lowe’s over at Kansas City,” Castiel sighs, keeping his voice dark. ”And I forgot my employee card at home.”
Castiel hasn’t dared to look at Dean during his speech, but now he does. There’s sadness in Dean’s eyes — unbearable, endless, agonizing sadness.
Castiel nods and turns around to get dressed. No matter how many Deans he has with him, he still needs his bracelets for now.
Like always with Giselle, Castiel ends up crying at the end. When the system clicks and starts rewinding the tape, he rubs his eyes with his palms and sighs — and then, for the first time since hearing about this theater, he feels grateful. Although being around Rowena MacLeod automatically makes him feel honored, he hasn’t been certain how he’ll fill someone else’s shoes in such a tight-knit group. Still, being able to tell a story this powerful… It’s incredible.
When they exited the warmth of the tent, Castiel took the hairband off. Dean immediately frowned, but instead of complaining, he changed the subject. “Right. Now that we’ve got that out of the way, how would you feel about a cup of coffee at the carousel?”
“Cas,” Dean exhales, “Castiel. Listen to me. Damn, I would really like to talk to you face to face right now, but this will do. Okay. I really hope we can still be friends. I should’ve clarified better. I think what I really wanted to say is that I’m currently not available for anyone to rely on. I don’t want to have a stable relationship where I’m responsible for someone, but I want to continue to be your friend and drink coffee with you and maybe even eat scones, or I don’t know, burgers, if you’re up for it. I’m a busy man, I’m not gonna lie about that, but when I have time, I’d like to hang out with you.”
While Castiel thinks about whether to answer these messages, even knowing the situation is over now, he sees James start to type.
The old rattling VHS tape is delightful. The performance is from St Petersburg, Soviet Union, with the talented Galina Mezentseva as Giselle; she’s always been an inspiration for Castiel mainly due to her improvisational skills, and he knows that’s why Rowena made him watch it now. They’re going to need to throw themselves fully in the story and theatrics to nail this the way they intend to.
“No,” he manages. The words are stuck on the back of his throat, but if he doesn’t force them out now, they will never come. “I want to kiss you.”
He doesn’t know what he expected, but it wasn’t this. Dean’s expression is that of awe; but also admiration, fondness, intrigue, and — yes, and no, it can’t be — what looks almost like
When they end their setlist after around twelve songs the time is close to eleven, and Castiel’s in desperate need of a drink.
His thoughts turn back to the message. It makes sense to think that someone is doing this to protect Winchester, Inc.’s reputation. It’s a family company with a history, and it’s bad press to hang out with someone like Castiel — a small entrepreneur with nothing to gain. There’s not much they’d achieve from a partnership like this, and since they probably do have to plan all their moves according to how much can be won… Yeah, it makes sense for someone to try and get rid of Castiel.
“No. I… I don’t want to go too deep into my situation here, because I’m not comfortable sharing all the details of my past.”
After their talk, he and Charlie completely abandon finding any solution to the situation and head for the city instead. Castiel needs more fertilizer for the flowers — it’s been too sunny for too long for them to thrive anymore. After a quick trip to the very store he visited with James, they decide to have something to eat.
“Well, we don’t have sticks in any holes,” Balthazar says, concentrating on his fingernails that seem more interesting than eye contact with the biggest employee of the year, “Castiel here is more the type that puts sticks in-”
“No, wait, what are you –” Castiel doesn’t even know what he’s asking – it doesn’t make any sense. But Dean’s eyes are earnest and almost wondrous; he’s waiting for Castiel to reply as if he’s an equal in a conversation. Which, Castiel realizes, he actually might be. Dean’s never seen him as something less even though Castiel doesn’t make small talk in the coffee room, or that he never goes out with his colleagues, or that the only thing he’s successful at is remembering Latin names of marine animals (and the table of elements).
The apartment is dark apart from a lamp on Dean’s desk, and instead of turning the lights on, Dean takes Castiel’s hand and leads him to the couch. After four hours of waiting for someone to close the portal and traveling back here, his head is still spinning from the kiss – and nerves.
So he kept on going until he arrived at the large tree, which, of course, was different from last year. It was still grand and with some new lights, it was brighter than ever before. It was no match to Castiel, though, who was under it admiring the decorations above. Light hit his face on a way that
“I don’t know how I can say it so you’ll understand, but me coming out here? Me running after you in a fucking monsoon? That’s not you troubling me with yourself. I am here because I don’t want you to leave without me clearing things up.”
“It’s hard to put into words. We appreciate our affiliates and the million dollar deals they’ve established with us. That being said, sometimes it’s suffocating to see just how conservative they can be. We don’t want to shock them, or make them angry, but since this is a party we’re holding, we want to try to merge our generation to theirs, so to speak.”
Three hundred people on a single boat is hard enough on its own, but during the first two hours Castiel starts to regret introducing alcohol to the combination. After the first course of food and drinks all around, people start getting louder. They’re generally happier, too — which, of course, is a good thing — but some of the clients drink more than others, and it’ll end in disaster soon enough.
“There's a line at the register, so it'll take me a while to deal with that first. Please look around in the meantime.”
“Yeah, well. Sounds like pros of freelancing is that you’ve already made enough money to last you a lifetime.”
He heard Dean sigh. A faint scent of- of something that smelled a bit like soap bubbles came Castiel's way and made him shiver. Was it really necessary for his heart to still be beating like this for a traitor? Silence stretched out and it was far from comfortable.
There had been something in the air already. After moving in, Castiel had absently taken note how more and more of the things he used to find passion in meant nothing to him. He didn’t bother to practice his singing, or wear his bracelets — nor did he want to buy flowers for their home, or read. The occasional comment from Bart regarding his taste made him want to become a better person, one his boyfriend could be proud of. The comments weren’t presented in a judging manner, only as observations, which made them that much more weighty.
“It’s alright. We don’t have to think about that anymore. I guess I… My attitude wasn’t exactly receptive. I only heard what I decided to hear.”
He stops talking, but everyone in the room already knows what he was about to say. Eileen looks at Balthazar, who clenches his jaw.
He seems to almost regret the words after they escape him, but turns back to the drums without apologizing. Castiel checks his phone to see the time, but also to see if there are messages he should be avoiding. Nope, James hasn’t sent him anything, which means that he’s busy or doesn’t care — or that, like normal people, he’s waiting for the other side of the conversation to answer before talking.
Dean covers his face with his palms before having to hit both his fists on the mattress. This is, hands down, the most responsive person Castiel has ever touched.
“For my next trick,” Castiel said, finally using his voice instead of whispers, “I'm going to show you how a massage bar works.”
Castiel wants to take a shower, but he decides to do it alone. He feels he’s emotionally raw and naked, torn apart and rebuilt, and he needs both a second to himself and a moment away from Dean’s distracting face. Dean lets him go without hesitation, which makes Castiel happy for some reason, but the instant the water starts pattering on his skin he feels regret. Kissing Dean under the shower has become one of his favorite things, and to have him now as not only a one-night-stand, but a —
Castiel doesn’t blame him. Were things the other way around he wouldn’t, either. There's an aura of admiration between Balthazar and him, but it's the type that causes competition, too. They’d always want to outdo each other and show off a bit, and while it's done in good spirits, Castiel wouldn’t have been able to deal with it during these months.
“Well, you told me you don’t want a relationship, so I think staying in the morning would’ve been kind of a relationship move on my part.”
Castiel is currently closest to a Walmart, and although he might get overwhelmed in a place that big, it would also offer him privacy to take pictures. Nobody would look at him twice. He takes a left at the next intersection and picks up his pace. Getting dreamy while walking cost him forty-five minutes and now, if he keeps up the pace, he’ll be indoors by noon.
”No, Dean, it’s okay. I’ll be fine,” Castiel says, forcing on an assertive smile. He’s well on his way from anxious to embarrassed and he doesn’t need a child for a witness. ”I’m heading home now.”
“Initially, I just wanted a place that wasn’t my father’s. I took what was available and I have to admit, I thought it’d look good for me to have a place I could host little parties in.”
In the blinking lights, with the bass and drums traversing through his veins and setting his heartbeat on a new rate, he remembers James’ message again. Sam and Dean almost had him distracted for a moment, but now they’re over at a table he can hardly see from here.
