Tony’s guts clenched. (No. It was fine.) The hair on the back of his neck stood up. (Just because it could jump like an arachnoid, didn’t mean it was hostile like them…)
(Okay back to basics.   \lambda = \frac{h}{p}    What if--)
Tony snuck a look over at Steve.  There was something almost child-like about how intently he watched
Steve’s ears went a little pink and he licked his lips.
“That he’d be perfect.”  Tony said it with a hint of wonder, looking into the fire.  “He was so beautiful, Nat. You’ve no idea. Sharp and soft all at once. Perfect.”
Tony raised his eyebrow, and Steve admitted with a sheepish look, “Is it weird I’m already angry about what I think they’ll say about you?”
“I can certainly try, Mrs. Rhodes.”
Tony continued, “My metaphorical rolodex, oh wait—have you seen one of those yet? They held these little index cards for contact info in the eighties and, anyway-- My, you know, little black book, is ten times the size of Natasha’s. So, just set some basic parameters and I’ll do a way better job finding you a date. Is it for the gala?”
“Huh,” the Captain says cocking his head. “I sure don’t remember that.”
Laughter.
Steve stroked his hands up and down Tony’s back, then gripped Tony’s hips to pull him up closer for a warm, lazy kiss. Tony ran a hand over Steve’s chest, brushing his nipple, and opened his mouth, inviting Steve in, teasing with his tongue.
Tony went to the coffee maker for a refill and grabbed a second mug.
When the elevator doors opened, Rogers was waiting, barefoot and dressed in his navy blue sweat suit. (
And, whatever, Tony didn’t care who had cooked it, just that it was delicious.  Exactly the right amount of spice, rich and complex, the chicken tender and juicy.  He abandoned his fork and scooped up another bite with the naan.  He was
Steve swallowed and blinked very rapidly a few times. “And there she was: Leonardo’s
Tony let out a startled little gasp and nodded. Steve pressed kisses to his throat and gathered both Tony’s wrists in one hand, holding them tight, pressed to the wall. Steve lowered his other hand to caress Tony’s cheek.
(Seriously? If you get the door for
“Yeah?”
something, like it was special.  He approached Tony’s workbench, taking one hand from behind his back to present a white bag from La Fleur Patisserie.  “I was exploring the city this morning, getting reacquainted with it, and I stumbled across this bakery.  I thought you might like these.”
“But perhaps you’ll find that you’re busy tomorrow after all,” she said, “when you understand the exact nature of the . . . art.”
“Or maybe this one?” Bruce asked, sending over another set of diagrams.
Steve didn’t finish, but he didn’t have to (
Extra special thanks to those who have showered me with love and encouragement during my trying time at work.  (Y'all know who you are! :)
“—which reduced production costs, but brought the PPI up to 220—“ Sylvia was saying.
(hugs)
Steve glanced over to Tony with a soft smile. (Has his hand inched a little closer?)
“Nothing to be on edge about,” Clint said around a mouthful of pasta. “Maria’ll be bad cop, Fury’ll be impassive cop, and we’ll all be good cops who band together, cementing team bonding, and doing exactly what we’d planned from the beginning.”
to find out or anything.)
“Listen, carefully, baby.”  Tony’s voice was rough.  “First you have to learn how to feel it, okay? You have to open your throat and keep it relaxed.”  He ran his fingers up and down Steve’s throat, stroking him soothingly.  “Can you relax for me, babe?”
And Rogers was kind of frowning at him now and it was sort of freaking Tony out.
Tony shook his head and shrugged.
(Maybe an even lighter poly-aramid for the sleeves; sacrifice some protection for flexibility, but still better than bare skin.)
’s spin. (After all, it was true Tony had gone on a second date to The Lion with hedge fund manager Marco Paolini, then decided Paolini was an asshole and ditched him to go home with their handsome waiter instead.) Matt was a sweet kid. They’d hooked up (or dated or whatever) for the next week or two. Tony remembered Matt fondly (though he wasn’t the brightest). Tony wasn’t exactly surprised that he’d fallen for
“Uh, is there a bathroom or something where I could—?”
"Yeah," Steve agreed with a sigh.  Steve looked down and touched the blanket. He gave Tony a questioning look.
Tony shook his head and sighed as he oiled Dummy.
Tony nodded, feeling a little guilty.  “You can count on JARVIS.”
Well.  It was a start.
--and across his hip.
“You’re hopeless! A lost cause! Touch screen technology is—“
She hesitated.
But the longer Steve pressed kisses to Tony’s hair, murmuring little words of affection, and gently stroking him, the more it felt like this was concluding aftercare.  (But Steve hadn’t— Didn’t he want--? Wasn’t he still—? )
(Oh, what--we’re not equals when I kneel?). Tony bit back the bitter words he doesn’t even mean, the kind that got him into this trouble in the first place.
There he was, Captain America in all his Domly Dom glory, puffed up with righteous indignation. And, yep, his voice had carried and a little clutch of party-goers were turning their attention. Jesus. Rogers had probably run across the ballroom. (Ugh.)
“Likewise, Rebecca,” Steve said, stopping his restless fidgets.  “Your work is really fascinating.”
Tony leaned against the elevator wall as he rode up to the workshop.
A soft-skinned thumb was stroking oh-so-gently across his hip bone and the sheets smelled of sex.
“This is what you wanted, isn’t it, baby?”  Tony asked roughly.
Tony was so engrossed in the Mark VII that he didn’t hear Steve (admittedly, over Metallica), until he was right behind him and saying softly, “Thank you for the flowers, Tony.”
“Nope!” Tony answered, popping the ‘p’. “Not busy in the least, O light of my life! O Pepper of my soul! Oh Mistress of the Universe! So, uh, what’s new?”
Bruce let out a self-deprecating snort.
“I’d heard rumors of course, but you never published so I wasn’t sure. . .”
Tony paused. “Yeah,” he admitted heavily.
“I’ve got you,” Steve whispered into Tony’s neck, hands stroking soothingly up and down Tony’s back.
Tony frowned. Had Steve found his contract off-putting? Had it been too much, just offering him everything all at once like that?
noise—then said hesitantly, “There is one other thing. Just . . . an idea.”
As Bruce left, Tony glared at the readouts. He hated to say anything to Bruce, but it all seemed pretty hopeless. This was The Hulk they were talking about. The Hulk! Tony closed all the glowing screens with an angry wave of his hand. It was nearly six and they’d made no real progress.
“What the fuck?” Rhodey sounded almost angry.  “Get your head out of your ass, man.  That is the last thing she’s thinking.  We haven’t talked about it, but I can guarantee it’s the other way around.  Like I said,
Tony shrugged and settled against her knee once more.
At the first touch of Tony’s hand on his cock, Steve cried out and came, whimpering and shuddering, his ass clenching tight on Tony’s fingers.
Steve flipped open the cap on the lube and poured some across his fingers, frowning in concentration. Tony tilted his hips eagerly and held his breath.
Tony felt a sudden pain in his left big toe. (Ugh.) Start up dude was too intent on wooing Tony’s money to focus on dancing. Tony gave another gentle push to keep them from colliding with another couple.
Steve was standing still, with his back to the entrance.
“Yeah,” Tony said. “Good idea. I’ll be in in a minute.”
“Tony, the twins were in kindergarten!”
“Clint?” Tony said bemused, looking around the room. The archer turned and grinned at him.
“Yeah,” Tony said, “I’ll--”  He took a deep breath.  “I’ll keep it in mind.”
“Of course.”
mom?”
“Thanks,” Sasha said warmly, eyes sparkling. “My grandmother still thinks it’s a ‘phase’ and I’m really just a switch--” Sasha rolled his eyes-- “but mostly people have been great.”
Bruce got very few questions, happily, since he looked on the verge of a breakdown or Hulk out. Committed as ever to keeping his connection to the Hulk quiet, Bruce was often at a loss with the reporters.
Steve reached out to touch his cheek, turning Tony’s face back towards him, as he gave Tony this unbearably tender look, edged with guilt.  He stayed just like that, gazing into Tony’s eyes for several long, aching moments, then tucked himself down into Tony’s arms again.
The audience coos and claps.
“Don’t move! Put your hands up—slowly!”
“Excuse me?” Tony said incredulously.
Tony sighed. “Shut it all down, J. The glare’s getting to me.”
Tony rambled on, bringing in a familiar rant: “And, seriously, you know SHIELD’s always cutting corners! They won’t pay for Stark tech, but expect the crap they buy to work just as well. So knowing them the guy was probably cut-rate!” Amusement flickered across Steve’s face for a moment.
“It’s okay,” Tony said, reassuringly. “You didn’t
My infinite gratitude to thatwhichyields, Mary, pandowl, shards-of-divinity, and lilragekitten for EPIC beta reading and cheer leading!!!!!!
Tony smiled. “Nice catch.”
“Crap,” Bruce muttered.
“Ooh! I love Persian cuisine,” Bruce said. “Did you have
Tony slapped him across the face.
“It’s very impressive,” Rogers said, taking in the granite counter tops and black leather upholstery.  “And very different.”  And Rogers was giving him that little smile again.
“Uh, that’s real sweet, Steve, and yeah, not on purpose, but I could definitely hurt you.  I really could.  This . . . this
Tony took a breath.
Steve had drawn himself.
“So, what did everybody think when you turned out a Dom?” Tony asked, hoping for a distraction. He took a couple of steps down the balcony, closer to Steve.
Tony shrugged.
“Thank you,
“I’ll see you later, Tony,” Steve said. Tony paused and stood for a moment, smiling.
of course—it was a subsidiary endowment that Howard had set up), SHIELD hadn’t bothered to inform him yet.  Not that it mattered—Tony had seen plenty by hacking into their database and, okay, some traffic cameras and security footage.  (Hey, if they cared about their privacy, they’d have better encryption.  Besides, the traffic cameras were in
Steve just looked at him, puzzled. “You have nothing to apologize for.”
She held his gaze for a few long moments and some small part of Tony shied away at the sheer sincerity of that promise.
“Just . . . thinking.”
,” Steve said, running his fingers through Tony’s hair. “How can you be so sweet?”
“I have a proposition for a pleasant way to spend the evening—I promise you won’t regret it—but first, I feel I should ask,” his expression had the look of a man ready to laugh at his own joke, “you’re not
Steve's eyes narrowed.  It was clear what Phillips was doing; he hated that it was working anyway.
“Great!” Clint waved his arms. “Avengers assemble! For burgers. Hey, you wanna come too?” he called to Mikie and Katie as they stepped into the room.
“Yeah. I saw we had some, so I thought it might make a nice change.”
“I’ve got you, Tony,” he promised. “I’ll take such good care of you.”
doesn’t think I’m good enough for him.”
“What did you want, Rogers?”  Tony asked, voice hard and diction crisp, the soft, almost slurred tone he'd had with Pepper banished in an instant.
Tony firmly told his libido to chill.  (Some more sexy making out seemed damn likely though.  And getting Steve’s shirt off maybe?)
“Agreed. I’m very glad to make her acquaintance,” Steve said, the formality of his diction an odd match to the earnestness and warmth of his tone. “I’m glad she and Jim could come visit.”
“But,” Tony continued softly, “I feel like I owe you a better time. It doesn’t have to be like last time. I could make it so
“I did get to see something while I was there, though.” Steve got a sort of far away look and his smile turned warmer. He took a sip of his wine. “We’d taken shelter on a farm in Northern France. It was winter—bitterly cold—and we were in occupied territory, and this old farmer made space for all fourteen of us, spread out in his cottage. He stayed up, smoking his pipe and watching the road for any sign of trouble, letting the men rest. I couldn’t sleep, so I was sketching.”
“Let him go!” Cap commanded. The alien proceeded unperturbed. “All right, open fire!”
“You feel so good,” Tony whispered softly.  He leaned down to kiss Steve’s neck and shoulders, and Steve stirred a little and turned his head for a kiss.  The angle was awkward, but Tony’s lips were warm and soft.
(But that didn’t matter now. They were
Cap shook his head, laughing and clutching his sides.
“You were saying? Mrs. Rhodes?”
“Yeah, sure, maybe,” Clint said, “like
Tony chuckled a little bitterly.  If it had been anything else, he probably would have enjoyed seeing Pepper so mistaken and wrong-footed for once.  She was almost always right about almost always everything; it could have been refreshing to see her get something totally wrong.
“Swells!” Tony repeated in delight, then asked, “Am I a swell?”
With an amused smile, Leila took her leave. Steve stood for a moment, blinking after her, then said with a grin, “So, I’ll bet she and Pepper get along.”
Clint was scowling and Natasha ignoring him. Tony nodded over his shoulder and entreated Bruce, “Can we just go . . . talk?”
“Shhhhh!”
Tony tried to push the panic away. Tried to replace it with calculations—cold, calm, reasonable.
Steve cocked his head.
“You know there’s--” Tony sidled closer and began again.  “You know there’s nothing
“Gosh. You went to all this trouble.” Steve was beaming at them. “Thank you so much.”
Tony frowned at the ridiculous pile of rejected clothes scattered over his bed. He pulled on the black Armani trousers that fit nice and snug, and the red shirt with French cuffs, then ripped off the shirt—the bright red, paired with the tight trousers, made him look a little tawdry for a classy night out.  Burgundy shirt and a conservative blazer.  No, wait—
Clint laughed. “None taken. My bow came from SHIELD and I still don’t like it when they get too close to it.”
Tony took a deep breath, then another. He needed to at least
Steve chuckled a little.
There was a short delay before JARVIS answered.
Tony stretched his leg out and rubbed his foot up against Steve’s ankle.
“No,” Katie said. “You misunderstand me. I meant, I didn’t—That wasn’t me.” Katie took a breath and shook her head, part aggravation and part wonder. “I didn’t prep him for that. It wasn’t a press conference—he just finished a patrol shift, washed his face, walked right over to where all the reporters were camped out and started
This chapter is dedicated to Ms Sparks, in gratitude for her help with chapter 13.
the movie you told me not to read about on The Internet?”
liked
This chapter is dedicated to Jaune_Chat, with gratitude and affection for all her kind support.
?—to get Steve a dildo for practice?  Should he remind him?  (Yes!  No.  Maybe?  Embarrassing.)  Steve nearly laughed at himself.  It hadn’t even been forty-eight hours, way too soon to think Tony had forgotten.  Besides, Tony had been working on—huh.  Steve wasn’t actually sure what to call it.  Project Sex with Steve?  Project Kinky Sex God? (That actually sounds a bit like Tony.)  The images had been, uh, fascinating.  The intricate rope bondage had been especially striking.  Was Tony planning to tie him up like that?  Soon?  Maybe he’d tie Steve up, cover his whole body in a lattice of rope-work that would leave Steve totally unable to move.  Then Tony’d torment him like he’d threatened.  Tony’d tease him at first, just trailing his fingers lightly over Steve’s hole, until he was gasping.  Then he’d finally press inside with a finger, just one, so gentle.  Tony’d finger Steve like that until Steve’s chest was heaving.  Tony’d just playing with him, not filling him enough, not pressing in hard enough, until Steve would be sobbing and begging Tony to fuck him hard and fast and rough and--
Why would Cap want some old used up slut like Stark???? Is mind control real?
welcome, that their guests were
“You’re beautiful,” Steve said, then added, “And you’re blushing.”
“Okay,” Steve said, expression very serious, “but if they don’t fit we won’t have time to repack the car again, so Iron Man will have to
Thanks so much for reading.
“Should it trouble me that you’re siding with the robots?” Clint asked, firing another arrow.
Steve let out a strangled little laugh. Tony paused to grin up at him, but found Steve’s expression pained. (Shit.) Steve’s shoulders were still tight, his movements stiff. Tony hopped over one of the little railings by the west balcony; he pulled Steve to where the drapes would partially obscure them from the main room. Steve’s breathing was a little shallow and he blinked just a little too much. The noise of the party swirled all around them.
The elevator opened again.
(Huh?)
“Your tea, Ms. Potts,” he said, presenting the mug.
Steve fled, heart pounding and palms sweating.
“These days I feel like it should be Saint Anthony,” the Captain says with a rueful smile.
Tony reached up tentatively to take the dagger; Natasha’s fingers curled around his, a firm pressure. They held the dagger together. Her hand was warm.
“Other reinforcements from the nearest military base?”
Widow’s uniform was in surprisingly good shape, but Cap’s was a mess.  The worst damage was a wide gash across his stomach, but there were sizable cuts across his right shoulder and left thigh as well.  Tony glared.  Rhodey’d reported that Cap insisted the serum had it covered and never saw a doctor, but with gouges in the uniform like that and the amount of brown caked to it that
“Puh-lease,” Tony said, taking his chili.  “I went to boarding school.  They pumped culture into my veins.”  Steve wrinkled his nose at him.  “I can probably still recite—”
“What are you going to do with them, though? You already have the two penthouse suites and four floors of workshop space!”
“Well if anybody’s going to play pictionary with alien life forms, it’s gotta be Cap,” Tony said. “He’s an artist, you know.”
Steve felt like a naughty schoolboy caught out.
“But if there weren’t something there,” Steve said, “if at least some part of you didn’t think that--”
“Don’t you think we should get started?” Agent Dominic asked loudly.  He glanced around the room at everyone, but it felt like he was particularly looking at Tony and Johnny.
Even Eddie Izzard references couldn’t tempt Tony to eat institutional pasta though. In the end, Tony just had a sad looking salad, toast, and coffee. The coffee tasted burnt. It always did.
“They aren’t available to the public yet, are they?”
Steve followed his lead and let out a happy “Mmmmm!!!”
for me to talk about that, but I’m glad I did.  I feel better and I’m glad you know.  About the way I felt.  Before.” Steve leaned closer, eyes wide and such a bright blue, “I don’t want there to be any secrets between us.  Ever.”  He dropped his head and looked up at Tony from under long lashes, his smile a little sheepish.  “And I promise to read the books you give me.  I—”  he squeezed Tony’s hand.  “I never want to worry you again.”
“Iron Man? Banner? Report!” Cap barked. They ignored him.
“There are currently six restaurants with three stars in the area,” JARVIS replied. “You wish a reservation at each of them?”
“What’s the hold up?!” Clint called from the tree where he’d gathered the others.
Tony was so caught up in looking at Steve that the first press of a finger took him by surprise.
Tony was swimming in adrenaline, excitement, hope, fear.  (What would they put in that contract? Oh shit.  Was that why Rogers was helping him?)
“You too, dear.”
Something about Steve’s nervousness put Tony at ease. It would be fine. They were friends; Tony
Thank you so much for all your kindness.
“Stark Tower.”
“Doesn’t the name Jason Hanson* mean anything to you, asshole?” Tony asked angrily, trying to pull away. Belford let out a little growl.
“You like that?” Tony asked, voice low and filthy.  Steve moaned.  “You’re beautiful, Steve, with your mouth full of my cock.”
“Then lead competently,” Tony shot back. “Actually, never mind. And, no, before you ask—I won’t be investing in— Sorry, what was it called again?”
Thank you for all your support and affection!  And thanks so much for reading. (I maybe agonized over this chapter . . . Just a little.)  I hope you liked it!  Thanks again!
(And, yeah, he’d be looking up ‘language of flowers’ on his phone in the bathroom first chance he got, ‘cause that seemed like exactly the sort of thing Steve’d do . . .”
I hope this chapter resonated with you.  It was a tough one to write.
Over the years, Tony had forced himself to revisit that night over and over, trying to recreate his mental state and answer—in his own mind at least—the question everyone had asked: “What the hell were you thinking?”
“Uh, thank you,” Rogers mumbled. And when Rogers settled a little stiffly, Tony made a point of sitting next to him, a silent reassurance.
“Seriously, though, am I the only one?” Tony asked, ignoring Steve’s admonishment. “Everybody else played catch as kids?”
As Tony's fingers worked Pepper's arches with firm, even pressure, his mind started to drift pleasantly.
(Do you really want what I think you want?)
“It’s really not that far,” Bruce said, looking at the address. “Maybe we should just walk. It’s not
Steve’s stomach rumbled loudly.  Tony huffed out a little laugh and pulled away.  (No!)
“Absolutely!” Clint added. “Speaking of, have I mentioned what a . . . fascinating . . . fashion statement you’re making right now, Iron Man?”
“But since you ask, yeah, I organized it,” Dom said. “No harm in having a little harmless fun in our down time.”
It was Sunday, so Steve would be making brunch.
—those were all things to memorize, long lists of brand new names, blank of associations. But for him, it wasn’t just history, like it would be for an eighth grader, distant and remote. It had all happened in the blink of an eye while he slept and now here he was. The end of
After Theresa Williams—the famous managing partner of the even more famous Williams Law Firm—married Jackie, Tony’d expected him to give up his salon, but five years later his beauty empire had only grown.
“Of course it was loaded!”
Steve glared at the desk, nearly trembling with outrage.
“I could bring dinner to the workshop? And maybe I could join you?” Steve asked. “I’ve got some reading to do.”
“I just thought it might be nice,” Tony said, as he took his seat and smiled up at Steve reassuringly.
Tony blinked and licked his lips.
(Maybe if they combined the dome model with the--)
As he walked down the hall, leaving a fuming and blustering Agent Dominick in his wake, Captain America began to whistle.
“Great?”
,” Clint called back.  “Besides, you served us dinner in bowls! That means couch.”
Also, I've been politely advised to offer you all a warning that this chapter contains Tony/OFC/OMC (though not very explicitly).  I think it's good for the story and I'm happy with it, but if you hate the idea of Tony with anyone but Steve (even briefly), you can skip down to the phrase "Back at the tower" to avoid it.
Pepper rubbed little circles on his neck with her thumbs, a firm and comforting pressure. “You’re the bravest person I know and I’m so proud of you, Tony.” Pepper’s body was warm and solid against his. Somehow she’d managed to arrange them both so his tubes weren’t pulling and none of his injuries were aggravated. (She was magic like that.)
“Who me?” Tony asked with coy surprise and batted eyelashes.  “On a superhero team?”  Tony looked down bashfully.  “Don't be silly!”
“SHIELD forces are just a few minutes behind us,” Steve said.
Sorry for the long wait and that it's such a short chapter!  The next scene was getting really long and I was getting stuck, so I decided to go ahead and post what I had to get a little bit of wind in my sails.  Your enthusiasm always inspires me!  Life has been crazy busy, but here's hoping I'm back to a place where writing can be a regular reality.
Even asleep, Steve was the most affectionate lover Tony’d ever had.
Steve started to fidget, then took a deep breath and visibly forced himself to stop.
Tony nodded.  "It's what we expected."
Tony moaned and Steve took his mouth in a passionate kiss.
“Look, I got you a Stark phone right away, so you’ve never had to deal with the horror of—”
WHAP!
(See the end of the chapter for
Carefully and quietly, he opened Stark's bedroom door.
Tony’s heart gave a little ‘whump.’
They were quiet a moment before Rhodey opened awkwardly, “So, uh, Pepper says you’re seeing someone new.”
“I know how you feel, going to Fury’s office,” she said, with a grimace. “It’s really the worst. He’s the only person I know who can make ‘Have a good afternoon, Agent’ sound like a threat.”
The elevator dinged and opened onto Stark Industries’ immaculate lobby.
As Clint disappeared into the elevator, Tony shook his head again.
“You know, it’s after midnight out here,” Pepper pointed out. “I could have been sleeping.”
“I meant Alexeyev.”
“Yeah, I didn’t think so.”  Tony snorted. “Anyway, permission denied.  Was that it, Rogers?”
EDITED TO ADD: June 21--Well, so much for speedy updates!  Turns out moving across the country for a new job is lots of work and having visitors makes it hard to write.  All the usual--story not abandoned, your kind words VASTLY APPRECIATED, etc--and I hope to have more soon(ish).  More blather about my life (and my cat!!!) available here:  http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/162160625556/rl-update-pp-delays-big-suprise.  Thanks so much for your love and your patience!
“I mean it,” he repeated, setting down his empty glass. “I’ll talk to you later, Cap.” And with that, Tony slid away from the bar.
“Please, Pep?  Just tell me.”  He’d said it quietly, seriously, and knew he’d won when she bit her lip.
I'M BACK!!!! Finally.
(Oops. Well, no backing out now.)
“Throw up every variation on Steve Rogers and Captain America.”
Steve watched in horror as Tony bent and reached for Clint’s six pack.
“You look gorgeous like that.”
Steve was quiet on the ride home, one arm around Tony’s shoulders and one hand on his knee.  Their silver-haired cabbie was playing a Golden Oldies station, singing along badly and unselfconsciously, with a heavy accent from the Bronx. Tony laid his cheek against Steve’s massive chest and tried not to fret about what might (or, more like, might not) come next.
Tony laughed, but Steve was glaring.
PR she’s doing for you and your team.”
“Okay! I just—You asked what I was doing up here. That’s why.”
“Not funny,” Bruce muttered, entering Tony’s room and making a beeline for the clipboard at the foot of the bed. “Hmmm,” he murmured as he perused it.
“We’re out of eggnog and mulled wine, but there’s the rest of my liquor cabinet at our disposal,” Tony offered.
Tony’s hands were a constant presence as Tony stood and walked around to stand in front of Steve, hand still resting in his hair.  Tony was naked, his cock hard, and Steve’s mouth fell open at the sight of it, flushed and leaking so close to his face, but then Tony knelt in front of him and cupped Steve’s face in his hands.  Tony knelt there, examining Steve so intently it felt hard to breathe, hard to think.  It was like Tony was analyzing him, taking him apart, pulling away layer after layer.  (Touch me!  Say something! Do something. I--)
“Well, no,” Pepper admitted with a grimace. She gestured behind her at the piles of paperwork on the kitchen counter. “But I could have.”
“And about to get drunker!” Tony called. “This is heavy on the rum.”
Tony waved a hand dismissively, trying to find a way to change the subject, when Steve blurted:
Tony shrugged.  “You know me.”
Then Steve poured a glass of water from the pitcher on the dresser and took a long drink. Tony watched his Dominant’s notch bob.
“Uh, well,” Steve began fumblingly. “I don’t think . . . uh, I mean.”
“Tony?” Steve said, sounding confused.
“Nah,” Tony waved him off, savoring the coffee. “I’ll heat up left-overs in a bit.”
Happy 4th.
“JARVIS? Could you ask Steve about tonight’s dress code?”
“Let me take care of you,” Steve entreated. He gave Tony a little squeeze and pressed a kiss to the sensitive spot behind his ear. “What can I do for you first: a bath or some breakfast?”
“Come on, baby,” Tony said, rubbing little circles at Steve’s entrance.  “You have to breathe, remember?”
(Wait, what? Again!?)
“It’s only been the new year for two days!” Tony protested indignantly.
Tony shook his head. “Jesus, Pep, I’m not asking you to lock yourself in a bunker! Just wear body armor to those shitty conventions and conferences when you do big presentations. Seriously, I can think of about two-thousand ways to smuggle a gun past their shit security.”
“I mean it, man. Don’t,” Rhodey said gruffly. “My heart can’t fucking handle it.”
After a few moments, Steve calmed. He washed his hands and checked the time. 10:47. It wasn't that late, but all he wanted to do was curl up and go to bed. Steve sighed. It wouldn’t be the same without Tony. Steve hated to interrupt, but was tempted to go down and check on him. Steve had almost asked Rhodey if he stayed long enough to make sure Tony actually
“Pssh.” Tony waved his hand dismissively and made a skeptical noise. “Didn’t you get the memo?  I’m good at miniaturizing all kinds of shit.”  He tapped on the arc reactor.
“Uh, when it comes to the Other Guy,” Bruce said quietly, “everybody is vulnerable.”
“I know she’s still quite young,” Harry said, “but have you read her work on the geometry of Riemann surfaces and their moduli spaces? It’s amazing! Took me ages to work my way through it—my graduate studies were a long time ago—but her work is a masterpiece. Honestly, I thought she was passed over last time and her latest work was even stronger. Mark my words: Mirzakhani in 2014.”
“Garage please, Jarvis,” she asked.
“Yeah,” Rhodey said, “Good idea.”
Clint was whispering to Nat again and she was giving him her faux frown, the one that didn’t touch her eyes or her brow, just a quirk of her lips.
“Ray’s?” she asked.
“You mean one of the swanky clubs
Steve leaned down and curled his hands tight around Tony’s arms.
“I took your pawn nearly five minutes ago.”
Bruce looked hopeful, Nat looked smug, and Clint looked curious.
“Just give me Led Zepplin.
“Iron Man!” Cap called. “Report!”
, Steve,” Clint said with a huge grin.
“Hey, I haven’t lost track of time, have I? The team PR follow-up is tomorrow, right?”
I wrote Pepper & Tony's conversation ages ago and was really eager to post it!  Also, posting a new chapter so soon in honor of "Permission to Surrender" crossing the 400 kudos mark and "Surrender" being just 2 away from 450.  I'm so excited and honored!
“Steve, do you understand what your safeword is for?” Tony asked softly.
“I like to defy expectations,” Tony said, “sometimes by being punctual.” Tony checked his phone again.  “Later, Harris!”
Rogers nudged the tray closer with a bit of a smile as he confessed a little wistfully, “Not that we could have a whole chicken except maybe on Christmas.”
The press had been vicious, but the evidence was so ironclad no amount of orientationist bias or victim blaming could save Hanson. Three years in jail and a lifetime restraining order for that asshole.  It was good to be a billionaire genius with in-home security.  And a loyal, omniscient AI as your fairy godmother.
provisions. I’ll even show you how to do it online and pre-pay with your card and stuff.”
Tom wasn’t sure if the intended subtext was “y’all look alike” or “you’re a scrawny little shrimp, unlike Rhodes, who’s a
“Dr. Betty Ross, Dr. Banner.”
“That’s not how viruses work!” Bruce and Tony answered in unison.
Francesca took a few steps back towards the kitchen, then doubled back to them abruptly.
“Very French,” Tony said.
“Is Bruce still ok?”
“Of course you are,” Steve whispered. “You’re perfect. So good for me.”
“I’d better go change and get my coat,” Bruce said, “if we’re going to meet the others in fifteen minutes.”
. . .”
“Scotch?”
Finally, at two am, Tony had closed up all the Bob schematics and called Pepper.  (To be fair, it was only eleven in California.)  He missed her terribly.  She was his touchstone, his true north, and all that other poetic stuff.  So he called her to talk.  (But not really.)  They caught up on small things, worked a little on the fast-approaching fundraiser, agreed to go clubbing again when she visited.  She’d taken up some new exercise regimen and Tony listened patiently to her enthusiastic explanations for a while before he started to fidget, his attention wandering.  Now it was something about art.
“I regret, Sir, that this workshop is not yet equipped with holoscreens.”
“I’d like that.”
Steve shrugged.  “A little I guess, but it all seemed so . . . overwhelming.”
With that, Bruce hurried away.
"I was startled, sir," Steve said stiffly.  "I'd like more information please.  If I may."
Steve tilted him back further still and asked softly, “Do you like that?”
“Well, here we are, gang!” Tony called. “All the modern conveniences!”
“As a last resort?” Tony asked. “If we’re absolutely desperate and need to help you before someone comes to dire harm?”
Steve shot him a rueful look.  “A firing squad I’d know how to handle.”
And Tony held his head in place with both hands as he flooded Steve’s mouth with cum—hot and bitter, salty and thick.  Steve swallowed around Tony’s cock, flushed with desire and success.  (I did that.  I made you come apart.)  It was a dizzying thought.
The other Avengers were assembled in the common room. The indigo satin of Katie’s stilettos matched Mikie’s tie and cufflinks. As Tony walked in, Mikie raised an eyebrow at her.
“Uh-huh.”
Isaac’s subcommittee was still looking for an affordable short-term facility for their current east wing residents, but he was confident they could find something appropriate before they’d need to begin the renovations.  All in all, things were going well.  Isaac and his team had a lot to be proud of.
“Lie down on your stomach, sweetheart.”
Fury gave him a bland smile.  “Now do I have your attention?”
(Before Iron Man.)
p.s. There will probably be a rambling author’s note about this chapter on my tumblr in the next few days, if you’re interested in that kind of thing and you’d like to check it out.  ☺  https://www.tumblr.com/blog/ms-meredith-milton
Steve had brought him left over Park Chop Suey once—or maybe twice? He’d kinda lost track—but now he was ravenous. Tony took the elevator up to the common floor.
“Yeah, back off,” Clint repeated, tone challenging. “Look—just ‘cause Tony’s not the ‘white wedding suit’ and babies in the suburbs type, doesn’t mean you can—can just—”
“Yeah, no.” Tony shook his head again.  “Put me on the team now, and mi casa su casa. Otherwise forget it.”
@minamini21
Tony abandoned Pepper to her fate.
(I misjudged you. You’re a good man.)
4EverRedskinsFan:
But Mr. Cavalli had recently let Steve go when his business took another bad turn; the pinch in Steve’s stomach and the danger of being turned out in the cold was enough to conquer far greater humiliations.  He needed steady work, but one solid gig would stave off disaster.
Steve looked at Tony’s beard, fingers itching to caress his cheek, still idly picturing them in tunics and sandals.  Steve had read about homosexuality in ancient Greece, following the wikipedia links back and back from his (shocked, amazed) reading on the gay rights movement in America.  Steve was too old to be Tony’s
“Tony, those things are for salad.  Why would you put them on a pizza?”
“Honey, my hands are a mess,” she said, breaking the moment. “Get some ice from the freezer for me, would you?”
Slow chapter is slow, but finally ready!  This chapter informed by an informal survey taken on tumblr and my magnificent beta. :)
Tony’s finger slid deeper, caressing him inside, then pulled out to move in a slow circle around his rim then press in again.  Steve moaned and spread his legs a little wider, desperate for more.
“Okaaaay,” Tony said. “Let’s go ahead and review the hypotheticals from last time. Just in case.”
"I'd be a gift, like a pretty bauble," Steve growled, slamming the goblet down.  Wine sloshed over the rim, splashing across the table and staining the nearby papers red.  "A sex slave."
(Oh yeah . . . That’s better.)
“Ha ha.”
Tony shook his head and said in a conspiratorial whisper, “No.
(An embassy guard?  Seems too . . . high profile for someone like me.)
“Tony, you look exhausted.  It sounds just dreadful.”
“Good to see you too.” Her voice was warm and serious.
When the film concluded with Osgood saying, “Nobody’s perfect!” Steve let out such a loud, startled laugh that he was afraid he’d wake Tony, but Tony was out like a light.  (Don’t move.  Don’t disturb him.  It’s fine.)
“I’d like that very much, Your Majesty.”
Warnings: may contain too much fluff and too little plot; reader beware
“All right, sweetheart.”
“My Mine of precious stones, My Empirie,”
It was a cop out. He knew it. She knew it. But she allowed it. (She was always too kind.)
“Of course!  My Tower is your Tower!”  Tony fluttered his lashes.  “I’m positively spoiled lately.”
“Sure you can!  Only JARVIS is listening and he works for me!”
clan.
Her expression tightened and she added in a grave tone, “And if you change your mind at any point and tell him to stop, he will.”
Thank you for reading! My endless thanks to everyone who has stuck with this story and sent me kind words.  Thank you for helping me to keep writing this messy, sprawling thing.
(Wait, no— What?)
In the late afternoon, Tony went up to the common floor feeling a bit morose and doubly pissy since he knew it was absurd. (Steve’s allowed to have friends. Steve should have friends! And I’m NOT a clingy sub.)
For Tony, presenting had been a horrible downgrade, a fluke, a failure. (You can’t hear me, but I’m so sorry, mom. So fucking sorry . . .) Had Rogers been relieved? Overjoyed? Numb? Confused? Had he, against all the odds, actually been disappointed? What was it like growing up then as a sub? Tony wanted to know everything about this Steve Rogers, not Howard’s Captain America.
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, and then he was pressing more firmly against Steve’s slicked entrance and pushing one slim fingertip inside, just barely, up to the first knuckle.  (Breathe—Tony told you to. . .)  Tony made a tiny circular motion, similar to before, but
“Good morning,” Tony mumbled.
Fuck. Maybe he should just take Steve back to Cucina Paradiso?
Steve took his mouth in a deep kiss, hard and heavy. He pulled Tony’s wrists closer together, so he could hold them both in one massive hand. Then, as they kissed, he pressed forward, bending Tony back and back—until for one jolting moment Tony thought he’d fall. But he didn’t. (Of course he didn’t.) Steve’s other hand was between his shoulder blades, holding him up. Tony relaxed into it; Steve moaned.
Tony tried to buck up into Steve’s caress, but his hands were like steel. Tony pulled at his ropes and strained up for a better view as Steve licked his dick, tonguing the head. Tony panted and bit his lip as Steve began to suck him, moving up and down oh so slowly.
It was all terribly distracting.
They repeated the lesson three more times, Tony crooning praise and encouragement while Steve concentrated on the strange sensations.  It was hard to imagine how a tiny trickle of ticklish water would help him take Tony’s cock the way he wanted, but if Tony thought it would help he was happy to try.  (I’ll be so good . . . so good for you . . .)
“1954!”
they?” The question seemed less angry than sad.
Rogers just nodded, unrepentant, and remained standing beside him, slipping into parade rest. Clearly Fury didn’t care if Tony was standing over him (just a sub, after all) and he saw Rogers as an ally (otherwise he’d stand for advantage too). Rogers’ eyes flicked from one person to the next; he frowned at all the Doms seated at the table.
“Of course, Captain.”
(It had to be true. Tyrone was leaving his empire to his daughter.) There had been some scuttlebutt about him pushing his eldest child—the son, the Dom—out for his daughter, but Tony’d never taken it seriously. Dynastic families were so traditional.
Tony skimmed the lists again.  Clearly anything public was a deal breaker, which was just as well.  It was a good idea to keep Tony’s exhibitionist tendency in check.  Then again, his possessiveness would probably have prevented anything too public anyway.  Steve was Tony’s now.  (Mine!)
Ms. Potts returned with an impressive-looking first aid kit, kicked off her shoes, climbed into bed, and pulled Tony into her arms. Despite the disparity in their builds, it was Tony who looked small, curling into himself like that, huddling against her. She took out a pair of tweezers and antiseptic, then looked up suddenly.
Rhodey looked relieved and Tony felt smug.
Tony shook his head and licked his lips.  He tried to start over.
“Art. History. Now poetry,” Tony said, when they broke apart. “You’re a veritable humanist!”
(Nobody’s watching, stupid. Go on.)
Tony’s indignant retort was cut off by Farhad’s return with
“Thanksgiving?” Steve asked, looking oddly startled. “Is it really that late?”
Tony intended the gesture and formalities to be playfully extravagant, but his heart started hammering in his chest the moment the words left his lips. Tony stayed in a slight bow, hand outstretched, as he looked up at Steve with a smile and slightly raised eyebrow.
“May I come in?” Steve asked stiffly.
“Great! Better warn me if Steve is coming down to the workshop, buddy.”
Tony swallowed thickly and obeyed: “Steve.”
“We are.  Now,” Nat answered steadily.  “But I made my call then.”
Steve's heart was pounding. No matter how loudly his mind screamed at him about eavesdropping he couldn't quite force himself to move forward or back. He bit his cheek and focused on breathing quietly in and out.
This fool rush in.”
“All right, Mr. Stark,” he said softly.
“Natasha?” Steve swallowed. “Is SHEILD part of the Armed Forces?”
you ate it!)
“Nope!  Super soldiers need their supper.”  Tony stood and pulled up his trousers.  (How could he make that look so elegant?)  “Besides, we’re running late as it is.  Get yourself in order, soldier.  Go on!”
. . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1) Avengers’ training (“That’s great, Iron Man! Okay, let’s practice those lifts again. Widow, get into position.”)
Thanks so much for reading and for all your kind support!
They’d given Steve the wine list. (Of course.)
“It’s moving!”
“Hell of a first time,” Tony muttered, looking away.
Steve arrived next, scowling.
.  She ‘wished him all the best.’ (“I know he’s *Captain America.*”)  Tony shook his head.
“Anyhow,” Rhodey continued apologetically, “it all turned out ok for us in the end, right?” He cleared his throat. “It sounds like you’re doing just fine with Steve.”
“Advertisements used to be informative,”  Rogers grumbled.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(It has to.)
“S-so good for me, Steve,” Tony said softly, still shivering a little.  “So beautiful. . . I’ve got you . . . I’m right here.”
Steve shook his head, the slightest hint of a blush on his cheeks.  “No.  I hoped we could—” he paused, dropping his eyes. “I thought I’d let you be in charge.”
eyes.)  Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, pulling him close, then shuffling them backward towards the bed.
Tony set four mini-orbitors up around the Field of Creepy, then whipped out his StarkTab.  “Okay, JARVIS, gimmie what you got. Make Daddy proud.”
Tony turned away.
“Beautiful,” Tony murmured.  He ran his hands up and down Steve’s back, his sides, then grasped his hips for a second before starting to kneed and pinch at Steve’s ass.  Steve’s cock leapt and throbbed, his balls heavy between his legs as he struggled not to move.  (Good. Be good. . . )
“Yeah,” Cap said, voice heavy. Tony felt a twinge of sympathy. Rogers was clearly dreading it.
Clint grinned. “It’s why you like me.”
with the paparazzi. He’d made it home from two tours in Afghanistan, then died in Manhattan.
Then a moment later, he added (to his own surprise): “I’ve never known anyone like you.”
why you keep saying ‘yippe ki-yay—‘ Uh. And so on.”
“Yeah, well, me too,” Tony agreed, rubbing his neck. He sidled a little closer to Bruce on instinct, then froze when he noticed.  “You’d better not bail on my spectrometer building party! Just because the glowing guest of honor vamoosed, doesn’t mean
He got turned around on the way to the conference room, but he’d be damned if he’d ask for directions. As he strode down the halls, virtually breathing fire, a few agents hopped nervously out of his way.  It was a satisfying sight and helped to calm his rage.  (A little.  Sort of.)
“How was basketball?”
Tony sighed and poured himself a mug of freshly brewed coffee. He cast a longing glance at the scotch.
“It’s still early,” Steve said, “so I was wondering if you might like to—“ He licked his lips. “—uh, spend the rest of the evening with me?”
Natasha nodded, then added with a quirk of her lips, “Do try not to flay Agent James again.”
Also, uh, about that ending: please don't hate me!
“No,” Bruce said. He let out a long sigh, then answered anyway, “Betty just won’t let it go.”
“So,” she said, mouth quirking up a little, “I take it you didn’t invent a new type of oven to roast it efficiently?”
Tony blinked, visibly startled.
Steve went quiet and turned at the sound of Tony’s footsteps. He smiled at Tony. (That smile. The special one.)
“Tony?” Steve said in a low voice.
Tony leaned close (but not too close) to murmur.  “Let’s get out of here, yeah?”
(No, it was all wrong.)
“Pep!  How are you?  How’d all the boring meetings go? Better you than me.”
“Yeah,” Steve growled.  He hoisted Tony into his arms like he weighed nothing and Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, rutting his hard cock up against Steve’s body.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
When Steve killed the motor and started to take off his helmet, Tony reached around and grabbed his arms.
“Well, you and Steve,” Clint said with a little laugh flipping the tablet for Tony to see. “Check it out. What a bunch of morons.”
As Tony mixed up another batch of poinsettias—cranberry, vodka, and champagne—the team eagerly encouraged Steve to add still more items to their Park Chop Suey order, extoled the virtues of
Thanks everyone for your patience and support!  And thanks to everybody who decided to join me on tumblr.
“Tony, you've been down here for a week,” Steve said, expression softening, voice coaxing. “You need to--”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I shall convey your message, Sir.”
“Hey, Steve?”
Steve paused.
(See the end of the chapter for
The coffee roiled in Tony’s stomach as he remembered his conversation with Bruce.
Tony’d considered the possibility that Rogers just wanted to get a leg over, but was too old fashioned to suggest they fuck without taking Tony to dinner first. The theory had a lot in its favor; even if Tony was a famous slut, Rogers seemed the sort to be polite about wanting a go.  In which case, it wasn’t about Tony specifically-- Rogers needed to get laid and Tony was nearest and easiest (in every sense of the word).
Rogers’ expression went soft. “I know that, Bruce, but you’re on our science team. And, well, I assume you don’t want to go out in your bathrobe.”
Part 2 of the Surrender Series is now complete!  (phew!)  If you’d like to know more about the Surrender series, please drop by my livejournal.  (Same username: the_kinky_pet.)  I have notes for three more stories to come and ideas for various vignettes in which I promise you: more feelings, more sex, more talking about feelings, more talking about sex, more Pepper, the Avengers, the Avengers Assembling, some hurt and some comfort.
“Tony,”  Steve repeated softly, running his hand up and down Tony’s chest through his pajamas.  (Don’t hide from me again. Don’t cover up the arc reactor.  I love you.)  “It was a lot, but it wasn’t too much.  It was perfect.”
(Okay, maybe eggs in the storm drains had been a little over ambitious…)
“Aw, don’t be like that.  You know what I mean.”  Harris was still trailing after him.  A few agents paused to look at them momentarily, then went about their business.
“--that rest would be a far superior restorative for your current eyestrain.”
“Sir?  Ms. Potts is on the line.  She is most insistent.”
Maybe he was done with SI for the day and they could talk about the spreadsheet?  Or, better yet, they wouldn’t
“Okay, J! Start the coffee in the workshop,” Tony called. “Date’s at seven, so tell me to get ready at six. No! Five-thirty.” Tony licked his lips. “Yeah, five-thirty.”
“Do you think your closure devices will still work on future portals?” Clint asked Tony.
and I . . . we feel we should inform you that we, uh—“
“I really understand, if you’re too busy for—”
“Pepper,” Bruce answered softly, “Tony's not dating Captain America. He’s dating Steve.”
Luckily the rest of the team, Hill, and Fury arrived almost immediately.
Bruce glanced around the workshop--at Tony’s mostly bare bench and lack of screens--then gave a little shrug.  “I just thought I’d come see if you’d like some help. Are you working on the partial data again or -- ?” He nodded to Tony’s screwdriver.
. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“It’s beautiful.” Natasha held up the pendant. “To wear to the ballet?”
“Okay, Steven Grant Rogers,” Tony said to himself, “let's see what you've been up to shall, we?”
“You think somebody else could have done
“All right, JARVIS,” Tony said, “put Rhodey through.”
“Jesus.  Look at you,” Tony said getting up to walk a slow circle around him.  “You’re the pinnacle of masculine beauty.”  Steve wanted to shrug off Tony’s praise.  “You’re like a Michelangelo.  You’d make his David weep.  I mean,
Tony took a sip of mulled wine and watched his teammates. Clint took a few more pictures. Steve unwrapped another wooden ornament and Tony’s chest felt a little tight.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice called hesitantly from the doorway.
But he didn't.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Tony paused mid-bite. Bruce looked at Clint, eyes wide and surprise obvious.
Tony’s breath caught.  “Yeah,” he murmured, reaching out to touch Steve’s cheek.  Steve leaned into it like a cat.  “Okay.  I’ll give you that reading material right away.”
Bruce was looking at them both in wide-eyed surprise.
“Oh! And merry Christmas to you! All of you! Have a wonderful dinner.”
“Tony, no,” Steve said breathlessly. His cock was still aching for Tony’s touch, but he batted Tony’s hands from his belt. “You’re drunk.”
“Pardon?”
They lingered over coffee. The tables were mostly empty now and, over the course of their meal, the other diners had either kindly left them alone or failed to notice them entirely.
“Oh.” Tony gave Pep a sheepish smile.
Sometimes, though, he’d glance up to find Steve already looking at him with that soft, affectionate little smile.
“Have you guys been watching Lord of the Rings again?” Iron Man asked.  “No don’t answer, I already know.”
I was going to wait and post this on the anniversary tomorrow, but I think it's as good as it's gonna get and I don't wanna wait!!!  Hope you like it!
“It’s a date,” Tony said. “I mean, if you want it to be.”
Bruce kept squinting at some of the NASA data.  “Oh, ok. Thanks, Tony.”
“Tony’s the wine expert,” Steve said with a little shrug, handing him the leather folder across the table. “Tony? What do you think?”
Bruce laughed.  Steve smiled and said, “I don’t know what that means, Tony, but it sounds quite sweet.”  Steve kissed Tony on the cheek.  (Oh my God.  I can kiss you.  I can kiss you, right here in the living room.  In front of our friends.)  “Green shirt, no tie.”  Tony nodded and sauntered off.  Steve called after him, “And you’ll need your leather jacket!”
“Yeah?”
He turned back to Linda, “And if I break contract?”
“So,” Pepper said, trying again.  “Steve told you he’s gay and then--?”
“Oh my god!”  Pepper squeezed his hand.  “I’m so happy for you!  I thought you’d be magnificent together, but I had always thought he was straight so I never said anything or asked you about it because, well, what would the point have been, but I--”  Pepper floundered, but in an enthusiastic flailing sort of way.  Tony found himself baffled by her enthusiasm but more pleased and touched by it than he could have imagined.
“So,” he asked. “How was your trip to Japan?”
“Oh, man,” Tony said, “has anybody introduced you to Taylor Swift yet? Here! We’ve gotta watch the video. It’s too fucking adorable. You’ll love it! And, hey, did you say something about pancakes?”
Tony took a carton of chow mein out of the fridge and topped off his coffee. “Well,” he said, “Better get to it.”
I HAVE CONQUERED THE PRESS CONFERENCE AT LAST!!!
after you.” Bruce let out a long shuddering breath. “And who knows what would have happened then. He—
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
"I didn't know declining was an option," Bruce had grumbled as he set out with the others, leaving Steve in the living room. Alone.
“Ton—uh, Dr. Stark?”
Tony laughed, but the sound was brittle. Steve frowned, looking both confused and disapproving.
“No, no! I’m honored,” Harry said hastily. “It’s just unexpected. I’d love to be involved. Perhaps,” he hesitated, “we could talk about it more over dinner tomorrow night?”
“Hey, Dummy?  Come closer, would ya?”
Tony leapt from his chair, tossed the tablet aside, and bounded over to the elevator, ready to pounce. (Shit!) He took a moment to check himself over in the mirror to make sure he was presentable. He ran his fingers through his hair and straightened the cuffs on his shirt.
Tony just looked at him, so
“Hey,” Tony said gently. “That’s no reason you have to put up with whatever shit they’re throwing your way though. What’s going on, babe?”
“Tony?” Bruce said, drawing his attention from the tensile graphs. “It’s getting late. We should have some lunch.”
“Christ it’s cold!” Tony said, wriggling closer to Steve. “I was only out there for a moment and I’m freezing.” (It wasn’t
By the time Tony arrived for their next meeting it was too late to get Steve on his own without making a big scene.  And--(Oh, awesome.)—Agent Dominick was there.  And he was talking with Steve, who had his ‘serious professional face’ on.  Well, Tony could put his game face on too.
(Maybe there was nothing to say? Maybe Steve didn’t have any questions.)
(Fuck. . . .love you, love you so much . . .)
“Sir!”
“What?” Tony asked, half-bristling instinctively.
When Steve shrugged off Tony’s compliments and before Tony could remember that he kinda hated going to art museums, Tony found himself asking if Steve would like to see the newly restored Islamic Art Wing at the Met.  The smile Steve gave him was dazzling and, yeah, totally worth snoring past some twelfth century vases.  (And, hey, if Steve can make
with our new gear and put
The morning press had contained no mention of Rogers’ Knight in Shining Armor act at the gala, not even a hint. Coverage of the fundraiser had been extremely positive.  The Avengers clearly hadn’t lost their shine and they were still riding their understandably high PR wave after saving New York City—and possibly the country and the world—from aliens.  Apart from a few predictable remarks about “Mr. Stark’s controversial appointment” the coverage had been unambiguously positive, and Tony wasn’t above basking a little in descriptions of his exquisite appearance and a politely censored list of his most famous achievements.  No proper news outlet had even lowered itself to mentioning the 2005 fundraiser, which considering he’d been attending a fundraiser made it frankly low-hanging fruit.  (The blogosphere wasn’t so polite, but that was no surprise and nothing new.)
“There,” Tony said. He finished recoiling the last of the tape and handed it to Rogers.
Tony held in a sigh and turned away from the bar, putting his game face back on.  The man who’d spoken was about Tony’s age, handsome with sandy brown hair and bright green eyes.  Tony felt certain he knew him, but he was having trouble placing--
The portal was closing quickly, swallowing itself up, then he could see the Iron Man suit break through, falling fast, but War Machine was already climbing at full speed, then slowing for impact. They spun out of control for a moment as Rhodey corrected his flight to adjust for Iron Man’s dead weight, then War Machine had Iron Man draped across his arms, hugged against his chest, as he flew down to the quinjet and disappeared from sight.
He followed Steve to the far side of the dining area, away from the others.
“Oh, right.” Rogers—no, Steve—glanced away. “I’m sorry I fell asleep and left you to clean up. I really was enjoying
“Nah, I’m good with coffee for now,” Tony said, savoring the sights and smells of Sunday brunch: bacon, eggs, pancakes, fruit, and Steve in a suit and tie. (A suit and tie. Because he got up early and
“Tony?” Steve said softly.
Tony shook the thought away.
trilogy.”
“You gotta problem w’ Brooklyn?” Steve asked, turning up his accent and knocking his shoulder playfully against Tony’s.
“Bruce!” Bruce corrected.  “And don’t be silly—it’s your curry too. You’re a good cook.” Bruce paused then added, “uh, team effort.” It was probably meant to be a statement, but came out with just enough up-speak to sound a bit like a question.
Steve nipped at Tony’s throat, right at his collar bone, sharp and sweet.
Tony headed for the workshop. (A pale imitation of his other workshops, but good enough for tinkering.)
Steve’s head was spinning.
“Have a pleasant day, Mr. Stark. Good luck with your work.”
“Did he.”  Tony tried to say it neutrally, even though he knew it was hopeless with Natasha.
“Hello, Lieutenant Colonel,” Steve said as he entered the gym.
Steve was giving him deer-in-headlights look. (Okay, well, he’s startled. Fine. Give him a moment.) Steve seemed to be holding his breath, his eyes wide and his body frozen stiff. He made no move to take Tony’s hand.
(Shit, shit.) Tony sent Rhodey a pleading look, one he hoped said, please, please don’t tell them the whole story. It wasn’t one of his proudest moments—especially after all the warnings mom had given him—and he didn’t need a lecture from Cap or Bruce about what a dumb kid he’d been.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony alternated between sitting morosely and pacing furiously.
Tony nodded and maneuvered the handcart to the workshop.
The team looked at him inquisitively. He proclaimed with delight: “ET!”
Steve felt a wave of relief and smiled just a little.  “Smart man,” he murmured.
As a former service member, I find it very troubling that one of my greatest heroes is now dating a vulnerable subordinate while acting as Commanding Officer. Situations like that are ripe for structural abuse.
“Next question,” Colbert says, “Mary in Rhode Island asks ‘When the Avengers play poker, does Tony Stark count the cards?’”
Thank you all so much for reading and for all your kind support!  “Merry Christmas!” (in Steve voice), “Happy Holidays!” (in Bruce voice), and “Wait, what?  No, wait, it's December what?  So?  Oh. Right. *that*” (in Tony voice).
“How many?”
Rogers added, “Perhaps if you just told me what some of the problem areas are, I’d be able to help.” Tony still didn’t answer.  Rogers frowned and added, voice tense and low, “If there’s anything at all . . .
“He’s--”  Tony fumbled.  “He’s everything he was in the comic books.  Only better.” Tony knew he was probably smiling like a loon.  “So much better. Because he’s
what Steve liked and why, wanted to take him apart and see what made him tick.  Tony smiled.
Tony chortled.
“Well, duh. I’ll tell you what you need to know. Don’t worry.” Tony took a sip of coffee. “So, Thai food?”
Bruce was good.  Great, really.  They did Science together and, although the Dom lacked Tony’s science stamina—something Tony commented on loudly and often—it was good. At first Tony was pissed that Bruce kept dragging him to the team bonding stuff, but once he realized that it wasn’t a “Tony, come do your duty to this team!” thing and more of a “Tony, you’re the person I trust and new people are scary—help me!” thing, Tony found he didn’t actually mind.
“Roger that.  See you soon.  Over and out.”
Tony shrugged the worry off.
Tony hesitated a moment, then shrugged and said, tone subdued:  “I really doubt it since, ‘Captain America’ was invented as 1940’s propaganda. Doubt they’d have liked this one bit.”  Tony shook his head.  “But, yeah, Steve Rogers is gay.”
Clint laughed.
“With pleasure, sir.”
(Really? That was it? Was he really . . . leaving?)
Steve licked his lips.  Oh God, Tony’s roving hands felt like they were everywhere at once, his chest, his nipples, his stomach, his hips. . .
—perfect.”
“About what you said earlier,” Tony said, hesitating to raise the subject again. “About me--billionaire, philanthropist--you know that isn’t special either, right?”
Steve stared into the distance for a moment, his face empty; it was the blank expression he used to hide his feelings from the team.  Tony stared helplessly, trying to formulate a response, offer some comfort other than physical affection.  Before he could figure out what to say, Steve shook his head and continued.
“Blindfolds:”
(The number 2,977 kept flashing through his mind.)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
“Of course, sir.”
Tony whimpered; Rebecca giggled.
“Oh my God!”  Clint cried. “You’re dating Tony!”
“Eewwwwooooo?”
“Good night.”
“I always thought he died in the war,” Tony said, looking contemplatively into his glass. “It’s what the official bios said, I think.”
cooperating, we need to think ahead about ways to minimize the damage and neutralize him.  Without civilian casualties.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Tony assured him. “Good night.”
“Here we go!”
“And Uhura!” Tony cried, still on a roll. “My beautiful Uhura! The only way they gave her more screen time was by making her the nagging, emotional girlfriend. It’s fucking bullshit, Clint. In TOS the subs were officers in their own right; no fucking, no boyfriends!”
Tony disappeared into the bathroom, returning a moment later with a warm washcloth and a glass of water.  He wiped the last of Steve’s come from his belly and the lube from his ass, then tossed the towel aside and settled into bed next to him.  Tony pulled the covers up around them both and Steve let out a little sigh of contentment as he nestled close to Tony.
“Sarcasm detected, sir. Is that an actual instruction as well as a pleasantry?”
Captain America was one devious mothafucka.
Even without ropes and gags and whips, the book made it clear that there could be psychological distress and it was the Dom’s job to look out for that sort of thing, to monitor muscle tension, breathing, minute body language.  (No wonder Tony’d been so upset . . . I was
Tony’s heart was speeding up even though it was just a story. Steve hung on his every word; his hand tightened posessively on Tony’s hip.
“Sure, Cap.  Like you said, things are going back to normal. If we get called out, we go.  But otherwise, better show up at the gala and give the people what they want.”
Tony took a deep breath and tried to lose himself in the creativity of invention and the clarity of stats and specs.  Somehow it wasn’t quite working.
“Good bye, Mr. Stark.”
, but short of that--)  Tony snorted. (Actually, he wouldn’t go back to his 20’s for anything--not even to lose the crow’s feet.)
“Got it in one.”
(And—almost as embarrassing—he realized that he’d assumed Steve wasn’t home, since he hadn’t dropped by the workshop.)
“ . . . I thought you were challenging me to a fight to the death,” Bruce said, in a deep voice.
“CHATTER!” Steve yelled, leaping into the air to catch Hulk’s (much gentler) toss, then sending the ball sailing smoothly to Nat who sent it to Clint then back to Hulk.
Sorry to leave you there!  Also, please be patient with naive, inexperienced Steve.  He still has a lot to learn...  *blush*
Would Tony remember that he’d promised—or was it
“We have your order right here,” the girl said, clearly aiming for professionalism but looking more than a little star-struck. She glanced back and forth between Tony Y. and the Avengers a few times.
All cheer leading hugely appreciated!  If you enjoyed anything in particular, you know how much I cherish hearing about it.
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured.  He pulled back and Steve let his eyelids flutter open.  Tony was staring at him, brown eyes half-lidded, pupils blown with arousal, but still intent, studying Steve carefully.  Steve stared back, in love with every line of Tony’s face: the specks of grey in his goatee, the first hints of crowfeet, the flecks of gold in the brown of his eyes, the tiny scar at his temple, faded over the decades.  (
“All right,” Steve said, “We may have a serious communication barrier, but I’m sure this . . . being . . . wants to go home. Iron Man, do you think you can safely touch it to fly it up there?”
. I’ve personally recruited some of the finest minds from MIT, Berkeley, and Cal Tech; some of them your Stark Scholars. This is my division and my project. Ask me anything about the specs. I’ve made it my business to know them inside and out.”
“Mmm?”
“Just, you know, calling to see how you’re doing,” Rhodey answered.
Steve wasn’t sure why he was still thinking about the letter.  About getting in touch with Tony. After his disastrous attempt to see him upstate he should have been done.  Finished.
“Eewwwwooooo?”
all this must be for Tony.  It didn’t seem like the sort of thing that could come effortlessly for anyone.
“I know you said coffee was enough, but I was there anyway and these looked especially good to me.” Rogers smiled a little and set them both on the side table next to the console.  “I wasn’t sure what you might like, so I just got an assortment.”
at Thanksgiving. Seriously, I’m gonna demolish an entire bag of those potatoes.”
“Look, Bruce,” Tony said, after thirty-four minutes of reviewing the compound specs. “I realize the irony of
She said it as though sandwiches were one of the great mysteries of the universe. Tony shrugged. “He has a thing for feeding people. Who do you
Bruce immediately looked alarmed.  Tony regretted his remark when Bruce asked,  “Do you think it might not hold?
“What?” The look of shock on Tony’s face was comical.
Bruce let out a startled laugh, almost a shout, then turned to Tony with a sour expression.
“And, okay! Fine!” Tony cried. “
Tony stumbled blearily into the kitchen.  Rogers was wearing his terrible suit and a red tie, looking like a parody of a 1950’s daddy Dom, a real paterfamilias with the team gathered around him at the counter.  (Though, he was holding a spatula, so not
Thank you so much to everyone who sent me kind words of support and encouragement while I struggled my way through RL and grieving, exhaustion, and stress.
“Okay,” Tony said, turning back to Bruce. “Looks like this new data is most similar to . . . hypothetical 36. Agree?”
the Pierre had been unpleasant—he’d enjoyed it in the moment.  (Whole thing had been his idea, after all.) No, it was the aftermath that hurt, when—
“Whichever.”
Steve continued: “It took ages for me to show even a hint of a Dominant's notch, and we figured my voice was breaking because I’d been so sick on and off that spring. We only found out I’d presented ‘cause mom sent in a round of tests to be sure I was really over the sweats and could go back to school; they saw the spiked Domosterone in the results and let her know.”
It sounded almost like an accusation and Steve tried not to bristle. “I've made sure he's not skipping meals,” he said, then hated that he was explaining himself to her. (
Tony forced himself not to grimace in return. (Ew. Gross.) If he had a dollar for every time some asshole used that fucking fundraiser as a bad pick-up line he’d . . . well, who’s keeping track? He was already a billionaire.
Tony took an absentminded bite of chicken, then moaned.
“I am profoundly sorry,” Rogers continued. He sounded at once more distressed and more stiffly formal than he had after the whole chair-pulling mess. Tony wracked his brain. (There'd been no chair pulling, no bowing, no--) Rogers went on: “I have the utmost respect for you and your place on the Avengers; I never meant to make you uncomfortable or show disrespect.”
“Anyway,” Jackie said, doing something magical with his fingers. “There must be more gala gossip than that!”
It was quite some time before Steve collected himself enough to go home, envelope secure in his inner breast pocket, right above his too-rapidly beating heart.
“Okay.  Can I take you to dinner Friday?”
(Okay, Tony, now what?)
“NO!  THIS ISN’T POSSIBLE!” the dragon bellowed as the last of its spider minions collapsed.
(Oh fuck.  Please!)
“Wait!”
Tony started to leave, then paused for a moment. He turned back to gather up the delivery containers and put the leftovers in Steve’s refrigerator. It was practically empty: just some milk, a beer, and two glass bottles of Coca-Cola.
“Ok. No worries. We could hire a decorator if you’d--”
“Great! Thanks, J!”
A gentle soft slide in and out, and up and down.
(Fuck.)
(Tony’s not ashamed.  Tony wanted to kiss you, right there in the restaurant.  You’re the one who pulled away, acting like he was doing something
(Fine. But at least there was something he
At last, Steve broke away with a gasp. Panting heavily, he pressed his lips to Tony’s throat and jaw, then murmured again, “Do you like that, sweetheart?”
“Team breakfast on a Saturday?”
Around them, the other avengers were laughing, munching on popcorn, and enjoying themselves.  Nobody stared at Steve and Tony.  In fact, nobody except Bruce seemed to notice them at all, and Bruce just smiled at Steve then looked down at Tony with such obvious fondness that Steve felt a warm rush of affection for the other scientist.  (You love him too.  You’re such a good friend to him.  To us.)
“And you, sir,” Steve replied, heart racing nervously.  The professor looked at him expectantly.
The Dom leaned casually in the inner doorway that separated the lounge area from the bathroom proper, and he was giving Tony a leer he no doubt considered a charming smile. He looked to be roughly ten years Tony’s senior, though his face had the tight, high look of plastic surgery that made it hard to guess. Regardless, he had five inches and a good seventy-five pounds on Tony. (Not that he’d done anything threatening—
Tony emerged on Thursday. He headed up to the common room and didn’t realize he’d been expecting to find Steve there until he was disappointed. Tony made a sandwich and lingered a while before going back to the workshop, emerging from time to time to raid the refrigerator. When Tony didn’t run into Steve or anyone else around the Tower all day, he had JARVIS ask Steve if he wanted to watch
“You’re so good for me like this,” Steve mumbled into Tony’s neck. Then he leaned back to fix his earnest gaze on Tony’s face. “Thank you. Thank you for giving yourself to me. For letting me have you like this.”
,” Tony sniffed. “And I’m down here to assess the damage on our suits. Then fix them. Yours included, so shut it.”
“I’m gonna fuck your face now,” Tony growled.
Tony felt no shame ogling his Dom’s fantastic ass while he made another omelette and wondered how the fuck he’d gotten so lucky.
Tony pulled up the patterns for Clint and Natasha’s suits. (Shit! Was there enough fabric on the bolt?)
“Damn,” Tony mumbled into his glass.  “You know what I’m doing and why even when I don’t  know what I’m doing or why.  That’s more than a little terrifying, you know, Ms. Potts.”
“Good night, Steve.”
THANK YOU!!!!
“So, look, apology accepted,” Tony repeated. “And, just so we’re clear, I wasn’t upset; you didn’t freak me out or piss me off.”
“As you should,” Tony said with a nod. “Come on. Let me do this for you. Gotta protect you—think what my stocks would do if you died?”
Tony swallowed roughly.  (I believe the term you’re looking for is ‘emotionally manipulative.’).   But Tony didn't say it out loud.  (Unhealthy orientational dynamics 101, ladies and gentlemen!)
-- you were--”  Steve’s throat closed.  The well had run dry, but a glance at Tony made it clear he didn’t need to say another word.
basically what he’d meant. What he’d been obsessively envisioning, over and over: soft caresses, dark warm whispers, ‘I owe you a better time . . . I can make you feel,” a thread of unlikely tenderness to tether him to this brave new world.
“Sounds good.”
“Look, it’s just—Howard, you know? It’s complicated.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “You can’t?”
Tony whined.  It was almost-- almost--
Tony was brimming with curiosity, but struggling to formulate a question, when Steve turned to him and said, “I bet you had a really swell cake and--” He’d begun smiling, but looked uncertain as he finished, “--a great party?” His voice trailed up, almost a question.
“Sure. No problem.” He smiled a little and came to stand next to Steve. “It is pretty, isn’t it?”
“May I get your coat?” Steve asked, voice pitched low as they stepped into the little vestibule. He was standing very close. Tony’s heart gave a little jump as he nodded.
He started pacing again. Okay. That wasn’t so bad. And waiting would only make it worse, right? Wasn’t that what Pepper always said?
Tony sighed again and shook his head.
(Say he loves me.)
As the evening wore on, their usual teasing banter gave way to a comfortable quiet, both of them nibbling the last of their pizza and savoring their drinks.  (Seriously, should order a case of that Malbec.  Terra Rosa?  Never heard of it, but damn it’s good.)  Little by little, Steve had scooted closer and closer, sitting caddy-corner again.  He kept giving Tony his intimate little smile.  He looked
“No, it’s fine. We’re going soon enough.” Bruce shook his head. “Besides, not much point flying there and back for the gala then back again for the big meeting with SHIELD.” He grimaced. “And I have a feeling they scheduled that to be
. If she’d joined the service, she’d outrank Rhodey for sure. Only question is if she’d be a four or a five star general.”
Steve shook his head. “I’ll be heading out soon.”
“Ready and willing!”  Tony shrugged into his leather jacket and grinned.
And then Steve was moving him, moving against him, so every motion rubbed Tony’s cock, trapped and leaking between them.
“Tony?” Bruce said hesitantly, lingering as Natasha and Clint took the elevator and Steve washed the skillet. “Uh, I thought, if you’re not too busy, maybe we could troubleshoot the Security Blanket some more? I know it’s a frustrating, but—“
“Tony,” Steve said softly. “I think I already know what my present is.”
Tony stared at him in shock. “Bruce, I’m
Tony laughed.
“You all go on without me,” Steve said. “I’ll meet you in the dinning hall.”
“Clint,” Steve said, almost reverently, “They’re beautiful.”
Steve took a breath and tried to will away his growing arousal.
His eyes darted across the new readouts, mind racing.
—had been less than a year ago.
(Shit.)
); he could be silent for long stretches of time ( “. . . . . . .” ); and he spoke at least some of Tony’s language, though admittedly with a funny accent (“—not an engineer, but it sounds like the poly-aramid needs to function like the macro of a covalent bond, but allowing for fragmentation?” ).
“Seriously? This again? It’s a
Running up the stairs shouldn’t raise his heart rate anymore, but his heart was pounding as he dashed to Tony’s bedroom.  The door was open.
“But you can!” Steve blurted, then looked embarrassed.  “I mean, you’re not rushing me.  Not in the least.  And I’m really . . . eager.”  He dropped his voice, lowered his head, and looked up from under his lashes, adding, “For everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony took a deep breath and strode to the elevator.
(Shit. They’d
“Steve?” Tony asked softly.  “You with me?”
(Please be sexy research! Please be sexy research!)
Tony shook his head and tipped a little closer. “You mean—you mean, that you were actually a virgin?”
. Tony expected to feel a little pang, but he didn’t. Just a warm sort of pleasure.
“Yeah,” Rhodey said with a nod. “I know.”
( “I want you to kneel beside your bed and wait for me.  Will you do that for me, sweetheart?”)
Tony stared at it.
“Send Leila a quick text and make sure everything’s worked out for tonight, would ya?”
“Then your priorities were out of line,” Steve said sternly.  “What they did--what they’ve been doing--is
“Mr. Stark?”
Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s ass and gave him a little nip, then bit and sucked.  Tony added another finger, and Steve let out a long, deep moan at the stretch.  Tony bit down harder and Steve’s cock jerked and a jolt of pleasure ran through his body.  Tony spread his fingers wide, pulling him open, then pressed in and out, in and out.  He touched
“Threatening people isn’t funny,” Steve insisted.  “Besides, why are you getting a shovel talk? They’re *our* friends.  So I should get it too.”
“Oh,” Rogers didn’t do anything so undignified as ‘slump,’ but his shoulders dipped slightly and his face fell.  He frowned at his shoes, then looked up at Tony again, “In that case, I guess, never mind.”
Steve turned, chest heaving. It looked like he was preparing to bolt.
Finally, he went to the gym.  He ran 22 miles and then spent some time slugging the special sandbags--the ones Tony had made for him--and finally felt a bit calmer.
“Thanks, babe,” Tony said, glancing around the kitchen. “So, what are we making and how do I help?”
Tony couldn’t hold it in—he burst out laughing.
Steve took a few steps closer to the creature and said in a clear voice, “My name is Steve Rogers, code name Captain America. This is planet earth. We mean you no harm. Can you understand me?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“It’s a good offer, really," Bruce said evenly. "I am interested in joining the Avengers Initiative. I want more detail in writing first, but--” Bruce's tone was hard to read.  He glanced up at Tony and added, “But I’m still going with Tony, thanks.”
for them to share.
It was very quiet in his--
Tony nodded; he swallowed.
“Sure!” Dom said, “Let’s go a few rounds—see how those magic potion muscles stack up against a guy who’s
“Okay then, I’m calling it!” Clint said. “Everybody back to the Ranch Mansion. I won, so I get hot chocolate first.”
“Fine,” she pulled away with a little more force than necessary, then gave him a little smile. “I'm fine.”
“Aww, shucks,” Tony joked, playfully bashful.  “Well, I had your drawings to work from.”
“Mmm-hmm,” Steve murmured.  Tony was relieved to feel that the question didn’t make Steve tense up.
Sorry for the slow update!  Er, and it's probably not the chapter you were hoping for.... But, I promise kinky sexy time soon!  (Or, soonish...)
Tony rolled his eyes.  When the elevator doors opened, the common area was pungent with spices. Cool.  Bruce knew he liked curry.  Tony turned the corner and froze.
“How was it?”
Like, for real guys, no natural human can look even close to Cap, except maybe Chris Evans who (read the interviews) literally did nothing but diet and work out for a YEAR to look close, which was fucked up. 3/3
Tony paused. “Uh, no. No, I’m good.”
“Mmm-hmmm,” Tony mumbled.  “You too, babe.”
Thanks always to thatwhichyields, my Super-Beta!  She makes Story happen. (Bird! Bird! BIRD!) All remaining mistakes are my own.
“Good.  I’m looking forward to it.”
“I--” He took a deep breath, still staring straight ahead. “I don’t like the cold.”
Piaci was much as Tony remembered it--  a pub with bonus pizza rather than an Italian restaurant—but this time, he found himself looking for clues about why Steve had chosen it a second time. In the window, below the shifty-eyed “speak-easy” sign, was a hand written sign that proclaimed in all caps: “cell phones and cameras prohibited.”  The sign looked new.
“I’m heading to the Morgan in about an hour,” she said. Her face lit up as she added, “I’m working on their latest acquisition: a trunk of fifteenth century Flemish manuscripts. Simply phenomenal.”
. “I’m so glad. After all, they’re our friends. And our teammates. When do you think--?”
They stood silently for a moment, then Tony fixed himself a tonic water with a slice of lime. (No gin.) He turned abruptly, eyes narrowed, and opened his mouth—then shut it again with a frown.
“I brought some coffee too, but it looks like you already, uh—“
smile as he said, “Oh, well, in that case I’ll definitely stay.”
Steve shook his head and turned back to his specially reinforced punching bag, the one Tony'd made him. He hadn't managed to destroy it yet, but that wasn't for lack of trying. He'd been pounding it for at least forty-five minutes-- ever since he'd overheard Ms. Potts.
Jackie raised his eyebrows. He gave Tony a playful shove and said teasingly, “You dog! You already did, didn’t you?” Jackie gave a performative sigh. “I see how it is—you won’t set me up because you want him all for yourself! Well, in two weeks you’ll be over it, so when he’s crying into his pillow, you give him my number, baby.”
Tony worked a hand under him, massaging and caressing his ass.  Steve tilted his hips up, eager for more, for Tony . . .
“Y--yes,” Steve whispered.
It felt too terribly pathetic to ask “Is Steve back yet?”; if he was but hadn’t come to find Tony, he didn’t really want to know.
(Just Tony.  Only Tony.)
. Like fuck I knew. I wouldn’t have let that shit slide—I would have
Steve stared, blank and uncomprehending for a few long moments then repeated, “Nothing” with a slight upward lilt.
“All right, Tony. Sounds good.” A pause. “Thank you.”
: and, if it helps, just know there is literally nothing you could say that would make me think less of you
to go through more portals, but . . .) “We have no idea what the conditions are beyond that portal nor how his appearance would be interpreted. For Iron Man to enter might be construed as an act of aggression; we should avoid the appearance of hostility at all costs.” (Oh. Well, that made sense.)
“Sir? Forgive me for interrupting, but you asked for a one and a half hour warning.”
“Oh.” Tony swallowed. “I’m sorry. I, uh, shouldn’t have assumed.”
(Maybe Steve changed his mind about being restrained and it was distressing him, but maybe he thought I wanted him to stay there no matter what. Did he do something distressing in an attempt to please me?
(Leave it to me; I’ll be so good. I’ll take care of you, baby.)
Steve’s breath hitched.  (Yes!  Please, please, please.)
“Well,” Rogers said, rocking back a bit on his heels and putting his hands in his pockets.  “I thought you might have missed breakfast.”  He gave a little shrug.
“More sass, JARVIS? Everybody’s against me! Seriously, call Tim Gunn. No Michael Kors. No, both of them!”
SPOCK: And they are of course accurate, Captain.
(Oh, right. The news.)
and eat a stack of JJ’s waffles before Steve suddenly remembered it was a Monday and somehow this meant he should be doing something productive. Tony convinced him that productivity levels in the workshop were “Epic! Legendary!” and Steve should definitely read briefing packets and work on a new training module with JARVIS there. (Where Tony could keep an eye on him.)
Clint took a startled step back and fell into a defensive stance without conscious thought as Cap leapt forward, raised his hands abruptly, and then—froze.  Cap shuddered visibly and took a deep breath.
He followed them all the same.
Tony’s whole body felt heavy and when he opened his mouth, all that came out was a rasp.
Tony blinked.  “It’s 2 am?”
There was some stuff Tony’d been putting off.
Tony swallowed. He thought of that photo. It was still in his wallet, not that Steve needed to know that, and Tony found himself picturing Steve back then: five feet tall, thin and fragile looking, standing alone at the edge of the dance floor, watching all the happy couples twirl by.
There was still a funny knot in his stomach.  He didn’t like it.
Stark blinked.
“You had so much faith in me,” Bruce said finally. “It . . . It meant a lot. Means a lot.”
“Little steps!” Tony reminded him. “Just a quarter turn. There. Good!”
“How's Tony?” Bruce asked without looking up from the cutting board. Steve sighed.
“Well,” Bruce said with a sigh, “I’m calling it a night.  Start over fresh in the morning. See you later, Tony.  Enjoy your date.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
He hovered as Ms. Potts got the trunk open.  He deposited his box next to hers in the back.  She slammed the trunk shut and the sound echoed through the garage.
Rogers brightened. He smiled at Tony and said, “It was my pleasure, Mr. Stark. I’m glad you liked it.”
On the limo ride home, Bruce chatted enthusiastically to Tony about the developments in symplectic geometry he’d discussed with Harry; Clint and Natasha spoke quietly, their heads close together; and Steve stared out the window, watching New York crawl by.
“Director Fury, sir,” Steve said briskly. “Yes, we’re en route.”
Tony shivered.
Tony blinked and stared at Rogers for a moment before asking curiously, “Are you in trouble for that little stunt?”
you didn’t read any resources on BDSM?  I mean, you didn’t—”
“I’m so sorry,” Steve said. “I hope we’re not late.”
“Are you ok?” Steve asked softly.
“Sorry,” Steve mumbled, “sorry. I shouldn’t have—I’ll go. I’ll just go—sorry, sorry.”
It had been a good date.  Tony didn’t mind going back to Piaci at all. (“Looks like this is becoming our place, huh?” Tony’d said, smiling like it was a good thing.)  The motorcycle ride was nice and Jake was still looking out for him.  (Good man.)  And Steve didn’t pull away!  He’d held Tony’s hand and, sure it was under the table, but just because he wasn’t making a big scene about it didn’t mean it didn’t count.  It did.
.) Tony unbuttoned another button and arranged his burgundy pocket square. Then he did up that last button again; he didn’t want to look tawdry.
was their bizarre compromise. There were darts and a pool table in back and Anselm Adams prints in the front, but most importantly the burgers smelled amazing. Clint led the way to a booth in the back near the games. (Tony tried not to be disappointed that he ended up across from Steve instead of next to him.)
“Oh,” Tony purred, “you can have more than
hungover. Just, post-tipsy.) Steve was reading the newspaper—smelly newsprint and all—while Bruce read The Economist and sipped his green tea.
“I’m glad,” Tony answered with an amused little smirk, then said with mock seriousness, “I must have my dignity, after all.”  Steve just snorted.
Tony laughed. “Don’t sound so surprised! I just went to Malibu for a few days to visit Pepper.”
“I told you, arugula is a field green.”
The End (for now)
“So, yeah,” Steve said, voice heavy, “he was surprised.”
(Even worse, he’d followed it up with a hideous attempt at a seductive purr of: “Because I like my Doms like I like my coffee—strong and black.” Jesus he’d been a moron. It was a miracle Rhodey hadn’t hated him.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
the one with a little crush.”  He smirked at Bruce.  “You sure you’re a Dom, Banner?  Of course, rumor has it Carter was a Domme, but she went belly-up for the Super-Mega-Dom, so you wouldn’t be the first to solo-switch for Big, Blond, and Beautiful.  Just, ya know, I thought you went for brains and tits not cock and—”
“So, boom, boom—there it is!” Tony said with a grin and a grandiose wave at the projections.  He bowed deeply, then realized Bruce was sort of frowning.  Tony spun and looked at the schematics again.  “Wait, what’s wrong?”
Tony nodded. “I’m fine. I appreciate the concern,” Tony added. (He even managed not to sound grudging.) “But I’m fine, and I had it handled, okay? I can take care of myself.”
Tony’s chest felt a little warm, though really what did he expect?  Rogers was
“Whichever you like?” Steve said with a little shrug. “Uh, you’re taking
“—I’ll let you know if we find anything conclusive in the data pull.”
“Mmmmm.” Steve let out a lazy moan and smiled.  (
Fury looked down again, turning the pyramid onto a new side, pausing, then turning it again.
“I’m not late, you’re early,” he said, leaning forward to kiss her on the cheek.  She was wearing new perfume, not the Oscar de la Renta that had always said “Pepper” to him.  Before.  (Huh.  That’s actually a relief.)
“Mmmm,” Tony hummed.  Steve clutched at the bedpost.
.’ He led me into the loft of the barn where he showed me a large wooden crate. He told me to open it ‘
“Ready?”
Rhodey’s expression softened.
They raised their champagne flutes.
Tony brushed his teeth again—there was garlic on that pizza after all—and fussed over his hair for a few moments. (Ok, five minutes.)   He checked his ass in the huge floor-to-ceiling mirror (nice) and rummaged around for a top. Not that it mattered—it wasn’t a date. And Steve had seen him sweaty and gross with motor oil on his cheek already. There it was: the MIT sweatshirt that was just a little too small for him. (Perfect!) Tony pulled on his nice ankle boots, the ones with chunky heels. He looked great. Not that it mattered. Tony sauntered to the common room, opting for the stairs.
“Come for me, Tony,” Steve ordered, as he pulled Tony’s dick roughly. “Let go, sweetheart.”
@kittycatcat
Tony grabbed a water and headed for the treadmill. At least it had a good view of Steve’s punching bag.
“Mum? She’s great—she says ‘hi,’ by the way—but I may murder Aunt Maggie.”
Tony listened to it all.
Tony stalked his prey quietly, wanting the element of surprise.  He realized as he drew near, though, that Rogers was speaking into his comm.
Steve took a sip of tea and flipped through to see what Tony had bookmarked.  It was pretty much the first 88 pages: “Preliminaries” and “Basic Basics.”  (Isn’t that a tautology?)
“I like hot chocolate,” Tony said cautiously.  He walked back to the island and set down the coffee maker while Steve got out a second mug and poured them hot chocolate.  Tony looked at his watch then frowned and glanced at Steve, then looked at his watch again.
“Tony? Knock knock?” Steve called from the doorway to the workshop the next day.
“Yes?”  Tony said without enthusiasm, making the statement a question, then he said more confidently, “Yes, of course I’ll read it.  I’m sure it will be fascinating.  Your prose style enlivens even the dullest documents!”
Tony cleared his throat. “Stop. You’ll make me blush!” he said lightly.
“Oh?” Pepper said.  She liked doing that-- making an inquiring noise instead of asking a direct question. That way you’d tell her whatever was most pressing on your mind.  It was one of her active listening techniques, designed to encourage dialogue and not dominate discussion.
Tony shrugged.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Rogers just nodded, still clutching the cardboard box to his chest.
Rogers’ goat was apparently hard to get, though, since he just said, “Yeah, he was pretty swell.  I mean, evil, but every story like that needs a good villain, right?  You want anything else with your eggs, Mr. Stark?”
“You’re gorgeous like that, baby,” Tony said roughly, giving another little thrust,  “with your mouth stretched around my cock.”
“Tony?  How’s it going?” Steve asked, voice concerned.  “I, uh, ran into Pepper and she filled me in a little.  It sounds really rough.”  Steve shuffled his feet, looking down bashfully. “I know there’s really nothing I can do to help on the engineering end, or the legal end, or the PR end, or really help in any way at all, but, um, I got you pizza.”  He smiled and held out the box.  “I went to Piaci.  I got you the one with lettuce you liked so much.”
“While Father Gabe talked to mom, he asked Buck to go check on me. He’d hardly said two words to me when I had one of my spells—coughing, and I couldn’t breathe right—and I was real small, and Bucky panicked and thought I was gonna die right then and there in front of him.” Steve rolled his eyes. “I guess Father Gabe’s theory was that since I was about the furthest thing from a threat a kid could be, Buck wouldn’t feel like he had to try and pull rank or keep up the pecking order around me or something.”
Steve shifted nervously in his seat and stared at the student work displayed in the hallway. Fine, but generic.  Steve didn’t care for it.  (And couldn’t help thinking he’d be capable of better, given such fine paints and canvass--not to mention lessons.)
“The Avengers,” Rogers repeated and took a drink.
“Come here, Tony.”
Tony suppressed a chuckle.  Then scowled.
Steve seemed disappointed as he left the workshop. Tony almost called out after him—he hated to disappoint Steve—but he hadn’t worked on the training bots in ages and really he was terribly busy. He’d already spent lots of time on all the Christmas stuff. He was absurdly behind with his projects. The training bots. The latest StarkTech upgrades. A new round of arrows for Clint. Lots of stuff really. He couldn’t just hop on the back of Steve’s bike and—
“And what did I know about him?” Natasha asked, pouring herself a vodka and then draping herself across the wing-back chair opposite Tony.
“When I first got the serum,” Steve said, rambling fast, with an urgent tone of confession, “I kept running into things and breaking things, because I hadn’t mastered my new body. And I’m still really clumsy sometimes! And I break punching bags—even the ones you redesigned for me!”
“Please, Tony, I--”
Tony stopped.  “What?”
Tony shrugged. “I know a good investment when I see one. Or in this case, taste one. Really, something had to be done. If they couldn’t get the startup capital for a New York restaurant, they were going to move to Chicago.
Tony sighed.  Hadn’t he done enough today?  Tony’d retreated immediately after his chat with
Tony laughed.  “Calm down, Cap.  It’s tradition!  Besides, they don’t mean it.  Er, I think.  Mostly.”  Tony was giving Clint and Natasha a fake frightened look and backing away.  Then Tony changed the subject, waving the shirts in Steve’s face.  “But seriously, where are we going and what am I wearing, O Captain my Captain?”
“Tony?” Steve said.
Tony clenched the pencil, feeling like he should say something more. Something profound. Something . . .
“Repeatedly, sir.”
“Shit!”
“Don’t rush me,” Steve said with a grin, echoing Tony’s narration. “I’m in charge.”
“I feel great,” Tony said. “It was a beautiful scene, Steve.”
It pretended to be an unscripted reality show, but it was as choreographed as a B-film and half as good.  “Expert” Doms taught eager would be suitors how to woo bratty, feisty subs and force them to submit.  It was all totally fake, but it made his stomach roil all the same.  Master Marcus, the show's beefy host, held Tony up as the quintessential brat and boasted that, if Tony had the guts to come on the show, he'd be on his knees eating out of Marcus' hand in no time.  (Tony had talked to legal a few times about getting a gag order on that, but the legal precedents weren't in Tony's favor. It would have caused a huge PR backlash anyway.)
Tony shrugged it off.  “Bla bla.  He’s great, we’re great, everything’s great.  So, Stark Industries?  How’re we doing post cell phone shit storm?  Come on, how’s my baby?”
) Steve’s tongue was hot and heavy in Tony’s mouth.
“All right.”  Rogers looked like he might protest, but held his tongue.
“I thought you might like to pull my chair out for me,” Tony said, lowering his eyes flirtatiously.
“Yeah?”
“Thank you.  Truly,” Pepper said.  “I’m honored you’d even consider it.”
, I’m telling you that we’re fine. I wasn’t pissed and I don’t hate you. I mean, eventually, I’d have probably snapped—you know, like with the chair thing—and told you to back the fuck off, but, hey, you figured it out first! So, that’s good, right? Uh, well done.”
Tony opened the door and stepped out of the limo.
these were all modeled on World of Warcraft.  Tony, you’re such a—“
“Wait,” Tony cut in, “You’re getting 220 from twisted-nematic LCDs?”
p.s. I know ALL the image hosting is messed up right now.  Photobucket changed their terms, so I'll have to hunt up my images and then find them a new home.  Very sorry!  I'll try to fix it soon....
Steve divided his attention between the movie (which is pretty hilarious)  and Tony (who is far more interesting, to be honest …).  Little by little, Tony’s eyes started drooping, and his body started to sag, until eventually he was fast asleep on Steve’s shoulder.  Tony looked beautiful like that, relaxed and content, in the flickering light from the television screen.
“Look, I’m sorry, all right?” Tony said, making a placating little gesture with his hands.  “I got it wrong and I’m sorry.”
“No!” Tony reassured him hurriedly.  “It was fine.
talk to people who are good listeners, Tony. Never.)
“You have no idea,” Steve muttered darkly.  He shook his head and asked abruptly, “Do you ever think we’d be better off without SHIELD?”
“Jesus, babe!  Don’t sneak up on me like that!”  He pressed his palm to his chest and gasped dramatically.  “Ticker can’t handle it.”
The seconds ticked past. Tony stayed on the couch, so far away, just looking at Steve, kneeling on the concrete floor.  Steve fought the urge to squirm.  Naked, kneeling, isolated in the huge expanse of the workshop, with no further instructions on what was expected of him . . . He started to feel almost nervous.  He licked his lips and looked down, breaking eye contact.
“Pretty sure he’s spent the last two days cooking up something special.”
Tony’d hastily tidied his bedroom before their date, so there was nothing for him to do.  Nothing except kneel and wait for Steve, like Steve had asked. (It hadn’t been an order, not quite.) Tony kicked off his boots and socks and sank gently to his knees beside the bed, then wondered if he should present himself naked.  It was the sort of thing lots of Doms would expect, but with Steve he decided it felt presumptuous.  He said “kneel” not “strip and kneel”—if Steve wanted him naked, he’d have said so.  Besides, just because Steve had gone to get “a few things” and was going to spend the night didn’t necessarily mean sex and nudity were on the table.  Though it probably did. Maybe. Probably. Right?
“I think I’ve done my duty here,” Tony said. “Shall I call the car?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Coffee!” Steve announced with a bright smile. He’d put on a robe (tragically) and was carrying a little wooden tray laid with mugs, coffee carafe, and a single rose in a little bud vase.
“I was thinking of going in a few moments myself,” Harry said, pushing his glasses up on his nose. (The gesture reminded Tony powerfully of Bruce.)
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said. Cap fumbled a bit with the tape and Tony felt this sudden need to—
“All right,” Steve said, smile breaking out again. “I’ll come by your suite at seven. All right?”
Rogers was clearly gearing up to have a serious conversation, and Tony wasn’t a big fan of those—especially where they could be overheard.
“Just one,” Tony agreed.
“Yeah, but how?” Clint asked, turning to Rhodey. “There must be some sort of story.”   He glanced down at the photo and handed it on to Natasha.
Rhodey, subtle as an aircraft carrier, turned to Tony with an even bigger grin, nodding effusively. “Yeah. Not quite the first, huh?”
“Yeah,” Tony fumbled, “I get that, uh—” And it was somehow delightful to see Tony Stark, so slick and suave, completely at a loss, frowning, mouth opening and closing.
Tony bristled at her solicitous tone.  (Sheesh, tell Pepper about your childhood
Steve shrugged. “I’ll see you later, Tony.” Steve was obviously aiming for casual, but falling severely short—he was still avoiding eye-contact.
“If you say so,” Steve said, frowning down at the papers.
Rhodey humphed. “You’re not cleared for that information.”
“Long enough it’s time for dinner?” Clint said hopefully.
“That’s a good question,” Tony said with a sharp smile.  He’d already chewed out all the minions in the spectrometer’s immediate vicinity, but—ah!  Mr. Star-Spangled Self-Righteous was standing a bit apart, his back to the carousel. (Locking onto new target now.)  Tony grinned, eager to vent his frustrations.  (Okay, Captain Golly Shucks, let’s see how your patriotic politeness holds up under pressure.)
“There was this priest at St. Mary’s, Father Gabe, who would visit the parishioners too sick to come to Mass. He’d make the rounds and always come visit me for a bit. We all adored him. He had a limp ‘cause he’d been injured in the Great War, but he cut a pretty dashing figure—young for a priest. His sweetheart died of tuberculosis while he was in the trenches and he went into the clergy.”
“Sounds pretty domestic.”
“Did they just—“ he murmured.
“Okay, put your left hand on my shoulder, and I take your right hand, like this,” Tony said. He put his left hand at the small of Steve’s back, drawing them together.
Tony heard noise in the background and after a moment, Rhodey said, “Hey, Tones? I’m gonna have to let you go. But do me a favor, would you? Let Steve know that you’re doing fine, okay? He sounded pretty worried.”
Steve came into sight; Tony got to his feet with a nervous look and Rhodey turned a little on the couch. His face was a mess. Steve yanked the glass door open and rushed into the sunroom, his earlier train of thought entirely derailed.
“That’s good.  Good boy,” Tony murmured.  “Ready for more?”  Steve gave a jerky nod and Tony kissed his forehead again.  “I brought you a glass of water. I’m going to tip the cup to your lips and I want you to take some, just a tiny bit, then hold it in your mouth.  Don’t swallow.  Just let a little trickle down your throat.  Focus on that feeling, relaxing your throat, staying open.”
“You all right?” Bruce asked wandering into the kitchen.  He put the kettle on the stove.  Steve nodded then gave a little shrug.  Bruce filled his favorite teapot with looseleaf tea then nodded at the laptop and asked, “Anything I can help with?”
“So,” Clint said, “apparently there’s a new burger joint super close to the Tower. Supposed to be good. What do you say? Wanna go check it out? Grab burgers and beers?”
Her voice sounds like gears grinding against each other and it grates on Tony’s ears. He feels numb, like he’s floating above Titan, weightless. Some far off part of his mind wonders how gravity works on planets apart from Earth while the rest buzzes with numbness. In the back of his mouth, he tastes iron and copper colliding.
At least, on Tony’s part.
Steve chuckles again but it’s sharp and not at all what he’s feeling but the alternative to laughing is crying and he can’t afford that right now.
“The world needs you,” but it’s not the whole truth, and it feels like he can't breathe. His eyes are burning, bright and stinging against his eyelids while his throat burns. The pressure rises and rises and rises until he snaps in the silence.
It’s like coming home.
He follows the Dora, her pace fast and tense as they reach the doors, stepping through the threshold and out into the clearing where they had fought. There are still bodies lying in the grass, casualties from the battle that weren’t the result of Thanos’s finale, and it makes something sharp and acidic rise in the back of Steve’s throat.
All Tony can think is
) grows up under the fierce indoctrination of fists and shrapnel. Howard’s disappointment is as brutal as a .50 caliber bullet, puncturing Tony’s still developing ribcage once, twice, three times before he learns that he must apply pressure himself, small hands slippery with blood, and grit his teeth through the pain.
It's all Tony can do to laugh, an image of him with a shovel digging past the Earth’s crust exploding vivid and surreal behind his eyes.
“We will land shortly. I’m tracking the location of Rocket,” says Nebula, barely turning her head in his direction. Her posture is stiff, tense in anticipation. And grief, Tony supposes. It has a way of sticking in a person’s bones, regardless of whether they’re made of steel or not.
Then he moves.
That is, until her words sink in.
Tony doesn’t even hesitate.
“The wizard believed you to be valuable. You will fix this.” And with that, she’s yanking Tony to his feet. He can’t feel the ground beneath him, can’t help the way he fights against her, but he does because
He keeps his eyes fixed on the palace and lets himself hope.
There’s a ceremony and Rhodey’s there and so is Obadiah, but he opts to gamble instead, barely feeling the roll of the dice against his hands, the kisses pressed against his cheeks. He smiles wide and sultry, feels his eyes darken without meaning for them to, but it’s so routine that it happens without his permission.
Tony wakes up and he can’t breathe. He can feel a tube in the back of his throat and he pulls, the motion of the plastic inside of him making him gag, but once it’s out he’s gasping for air, damp and dirty.
It was all for nothing.
Tony’s always had a long history of taking his breath away.
The sensation is familiar in its brutality.
But he isn’t a Captain, really. Not after everything. Not since Siberia, and sure as hell not after this.
Tony’s always been a sucker for irony.
Immediately, his nerves set fire. A gasp gets stuck in his throat as he arches off the bed and then he’s choking, sobbing for oxygen that just isn’t there. All of a sudden, Tony becomes aware of the tube in his throat, of the heat in his side, and the world tilts on its axis.
Something bright and sharp flares in his chest, right behind his ribcage.
At seventeen, Tony becomes a man. The transition from youth to adulthood is car crash smooth, all broken glass and busted steering wheels. Somewhere, on a winding forest road, pearls from his mother’s favorite necklace are blowing in the breeze, nothing but powder. Red, rusted and flaking, stains the asphalt.
Centimeter by centimeter, inch by inch, he can feel the jagged pieces of metal closing in on all his body’s softest places. Obadiah laughs and then he leaves and Tony just lies still, light as a feather and stiff as a board.
“Stay with me. Tony, you’ve gotta stay.”
of machine guns and the screams of men and women too young to die.
“They’re dead. It’s just me and the metal man.” Her voice is artificial, robotic and so strange but yet familiar in a way that makes Steve’s insides twist.
He feels himself scream, loud and short, dust coating the back of his throat.
“Kay” he said adorably like Steve’s heart was not already smitten.
“You thought if I knew who he was and things didn’t go as planned , I would seek him out and kill him.” Bucky finished his face down and arms  crossed across his chest. Steve knew Bucky had to be feeling worse about what happened now, and Steve wasn’t feeling any better and to be honest he can’t seem to worrying what Tony must be thinking right now . It would have seemed like he chose bucky over Jim, when he needed him and still he had called natasha to find out if Steve was okay.
“They are my dog tags, one belonged to me and the other to Bucky. It’s the only thing I have left from the forties" he said and smiled as Tony’s eyes marveled at them
“Steve!” he half yelled and natasha pursed her lips to keep from laughing
“Hurts, steve stop, I don’t like it” he hiccuped and Steve looked down at his face worried but knowing he was so close to feeling good.
“Steve, I know you trust me.”
“When was the last time you ate buddy?” Clint asked as he cleaned the wound for the second time while Tony clutched at Steve’s shoulders trying to hold still.
“are you sure you want to take up the responsibility of caring for twenty teenagers Mr.Rogers?”the principal said raising his eyebrows skeptical as ever.
“You are so perfect for me sweetheart” he whispered in his ear and Tony shuddered his fingers digging deep into Steve’s forearms like he was hanging on for dear life.
before either of them could address it, the door opened , Clint and Natasha pushing their way through holding take out containers. They froze at the scene in front of them, Tony’s hand frozen above Steve’s now bare chest.
“Don’t tense up baby, it will make it worse. Look at me tony, concentrate on me okay?” he said as he breached one more finger and Tony cried out at the intrusion.
“Okay ,you sit here. I’ll find you something to change into “ Tony said pushing Steve onto the bed in what Steve presumed was Tony’s room.
“are we going to talk about your little panic attack in the locker room today?” he asked bluntly as he sat down pulling the covers up and over both of them
“No" steve said firmly and bodily lifted him and planted him on the floor on his feet.
“teenager problems” he sighed as Steve lifted an eyebrow in amusement. These were always fun to listen to as long as said teenager was not your problem. He put the sandwich down and straightened up looking at Steve.
Natasha and Steve were leaning on a wall watching the kids swarm around the exhibits
“what’s going on?” steve startled at the new voice behind him and natasha walked closer looking more close to sleep than awake. But who was to blame her,  it was still three am.
Somehow the mood through the class was rather gloomy , maybe it was the rain or it could possibly be because Steve had not felt so low in a while .
Hoping to put out the next few chapters on a weekly basis.
He quickly entered the room leaving the door wide open and trudged over to the bed like he didn’t want to be here. Steve watched silently as he squared his shoulders ,toed his canvas off and pulled his feet up onto the bed.
Steve's POV
“mr. Nelson called mr.stane to come pick him up  apparently because he was hurt and he’s already in the parking lot!” Steve cursed internally while Tony tried to jump off the bed.
"it's nothing, I swear Bruce. I am fine"
“They are really nice” she told him but Steve couldn’t put his finger on what seemed to put her off about them.
“I was afraid to tell anyone and itsembarrassing” he muttered the last part barely leaving his lips.
“nothing is going on. I am fine, you already saw that yesterday” he said slapping at Steve’s hands again.
“put this on and go back to what you are doing, come on honey" he said holding the shirt up for him to see and Tony made a face but he sat down on the counter legs swinging and Steve took the opportunity to slide the shirt over his head. Up close Steve could see the black smudges over his underwear was actually grease and his face was full of it too. Before tony could get up, steve held him still and checked his pupils , temperature and pulse all the while with Tony whining trying to get away.
“okay, I am really sorry for the trouble Mr.Rogers"
"Can't let my first time be like this" he said softly, vulnerable. Steve felt his heart tugging as he lowered his hand ,allowing tony to look away again.
"tony, we need to wait till Fury gives briefs us about the situation" Bruce said. Well yeah, but isn't it more fun if it's a surprise?
"-mm! Steve please stop! Let me go!" I could feel him trying to push me away but the serum strength didn't even make me budge. I knew he hated it when I used my strength against him. But I was worried
“Yes! Do you wanna come over? I can show you my lab!” he said suddenly bouncing with excitement.
Tony didn't react and Steve could see he had gone completely still and he wondered if Tony was aware that he had stopped breathing
“Because I am here now?” cheeky tony was Steve’s favorite.
Steve was fresh out of the shower feeling a whole lot better about everything already when the door to his bedroom creaked open and he smirked when he saw the brunette sticking his head in looking around
“Tony showed up at Shield on week two , with a tape that obie had given him saying had been delivered to their mansion. We saw you fall slack from the beating and it ended with , ‘captain America is fucking dead’ written on the screen.”
By the time he was taking full breaths he had listed completely against Steve looking truly exhausted.
“will you believe me if I say I really don’t know?” as a matter of fact Steve did believe him. He knew a lot of things had changed for Tony, and he was stressed and it takes a while to figure out what works , like how sparring helps Steve .
“We think he may have dropped a bug on tony" Steve nodded, that made sense
He reached there in record time and found pepper and rhodey sitting at a booth but no Tony. Walking over to them and they both sprung to their feet looking at him with all the guilt in the world.
“when you knocked on the door yesterday , bucky was startled and he took it out on you because you were new, he didn’t recognize you.” Tony gave a curt nod
Tony sighed as he shifted on Steve’s lap, he was fidgeting Steve realized. Steve was scared and worried but he had just been the reason for Tony’s panic attack.
“Phil, please I need you to make this go away" steve said pushing the envelope back to him and apparently seeing widow cuddling with Tony was all he needed to know that this was serious, he pocketed the envelope and continued sipping his coffee.
“He will stay with me, until we figure out what happened here.” He said with a finality that told the others not to question his motive at the moment.
Steve couldn’t breathe, he couldn’breathe,.he was honestly trying but the air was refusing to get through to his lungs. He suddenly found himself outside the door of his apartment or now Buckys apartment, kneeling on the floor trying to get the goddamn air into his goddamn lungs so it can get to his brain and he can comprehend what he had been just told.
“I’ll be here before your surgeon rounds on you” he said and Tony nodded
”no Steve please no” Steve held his arm firmly to hold him in place as he continued to scan his body for signs of abuse,
"Tony I don't think the problem is the party. I have watched you sitting here ever since you arrived and drinking the same glass of scotch for the past hour. Something is wrong, what aren't you telling me?"
Lifting my legs up on the couch I confiscated most of Steves blanket and he pulled my into his embrace. "So what are we watching?" I asked them hoping it was some kind of romance drama. I loved watching Steve Blush through the sexy scenes.
“can I call you ?” He asked his thumb drawing nervous circles on Steve’s forearm.
“Why? I already know it’s about me.”
Tony’s breathing got heavier as Steve's hands roamed his body and finally he managed to unzip his own pants , relieving some if not all of the pressure but didn't release it completely.
Thor gave tony a shrug and they both chuckled quietly. Steve could tell they would get along well together.
“No" he groaned and Steve wondered when things had changed so much that Tony had actually wanted to sleep these days.
“You just turned 17, kid"
“Well, I am really sorry for the inconvenience,  but Tony here is actually doing okay and can stay to attend the rest of the classes" bruce spoke and Steve imagined him straightening his glasses as he said it.
They were X rays of somebody’s chest, that much steve knew. He read the name at the bottom of the sheet, cooper milind, age :3 years
“No! No! He doesn’t look like he is going to be okay, omg he’s bleeding , natasha he is bleeding everywhere!”
“Did something happen?” steve shook his head and Tony relaxed
“I am going to call the doctors okay?”  Tony sniffled lightly shaking his head “you are hurt tony, they need to make sure-“
Tony spluttered , blushing and trying to come up with something to say while Steve looked at him innocently and continued eating his yogurt.
“I ll do my bes-" he heard a little static as the door was opened
Steve's POV
He helped him sit back down , giving him a fierce hug and a kiss on his forehead before taking a deep breath and smiling at him.
"thanks, J" I pushed off the covers stumbling to the shower, today is going to be all work no fun. But that's a good thing, since all he has done the past few days is laid around trying to 'rest' under the watchful eyes of the team.
“I will but you need to calm down Steve this is not helping anyone” bruce said ever the voice of reason but for the first time it didn’t make Steve feel better it only made him get angrier
“You are doing so good sweetheart, can I pull this down?” he made sure to let Tony know everything that was happening so as to not startle him and Tony appreciated it even though he felt like a child in Steve’s hold
“Good, can I put your cannula back?” he asked as he helped Tony gulp some water. It was not a panic 'attack' attack yet but Steve was determined to stop it here. Tony for once was cooperating fully as Steve slipped the cannula under his nose.
Tony had the door unlocked and was holding it open for Steve and they both rushed inside Tony almost tripping over the carpet and steve caught his wrist to steady him.
Steve hung his head , his ears ringing as he listened to natasha explain to Bruce about Bucky choking Tony. He couldn’t get over the guilt of that moment no matter what and it would always hang over his head.
Just as I left the common room I heard Bruce say "Jarvis,keep an eye on him please" I whined to myself as I entered the elevator. They were not going to let this go!
“okay, I’ll Be out in a minute” he said feeling Tony’s fingers tightening around his shirt. “bruce you alright?” he asked when he noticed him hovering in the doorway looking a little startled
Tony had been exceptionally quiet as they had explained to him about everything they had spoken about yesterday. He looked shaken and Steve had a hard time keeping his hands from not touching him to reassure him.
“I left it with rhodey before they picked me up" tony told them
“he’s been throwing glances at you every now and then. He’s cute , your boy toy.”
“Look at me” he said waiting for his eyes to meet his
“Hey, tell me you are okay tony" he asked seriously and he Tony pursed his lips ,one hand going to Steve’s hair ,stroking gently.
Fury owed him all the answers, not Bruce.
“You are barely standing on your feet" Steve pointed out
“never said I did" he said smirking and reached for the syringe.
“I don’t he’s coming buddy.”clint said finally getting his needle removed and a thor band aid. He flexed his biceps ,to make the bandaid pop, and pop it did,l. The nurse gave gave an exasperated sigh as she removed another thor bandaid before taping it in place. “this is the last one Mr.barton,better hold on to it" clint snickered at that “yeah,yeah" he said brushing the back of his hair as he walked over to grab the snacks.
He turned around offering a hand to Tony but Tony stood up and took a step away from him before brushing his pants from sitting on the dirty floor.
Tony seemed shocked though, he looked at Steve , suddenly afraid but Steve rubbed a gentle hand across his shoulders “it’s okay tony, show her”
“what’s up with you?” he asked frowning lightly and going back to sipping his coffee.
He looked at Steve and then back again the sleeping duo and repeated that a couple of times until Clint pushed a cup of coffee into his hands and he finally sat down at the table still at a loss of words.
before Steve could say anything Clint interrupted “she’s great with sharp things, trust me on this. She once stabbed me with a knife and I barely felt it” he said casually shrugging his shoulders. Tony looked anything but amused , he turned to Steve , who gave him a nod telling him it’s okay and after a few seconds tony slowly lifted a arm at her. It was obvious he was in pain, but also obvious that he didn’t want to take the shot. Steve was started to think this kid maybe had a slight phobia to doctors and that maybe had Steve misunderstood him when he said the school nurse was scary.
“Doesn’t feel good" he forced himself to say as Steve pushed in deeper upto his knuckle.
Steve would have never thought he would ever have such strong or immediate response to anybody’s touch but with Tony nothing was imminent.
“Tony here?” he asked as natasha stood doing something to the shackles.
He wrapped his arms around Tony pulling him close as he felt Tony go rigid but soon relaxed.
Steve had the best view of Tony’s butt that had somehow stayed uncovered in the tangled sheets ,that was until the light hit them both and Steve had shifted and his view was suddenly being taken away from him as Tony grumbled and pulled the covers tighter around him.
“We are testing some new designs..this is a sample" tony explained and Steve smiled as he got up his eyes grazing once more towards the picture.
He reluctantly nodded “ I will need signed consent forms from the parents” he said waving Steve off with a smile and shake of his head.
“I didn’t say you have to go home" Steve said as he waited for Tony’s reaction
Steve was now panicking, he walked swiftly in and out of the adjacent rooms looking for Tony. Halfway down the corridor he suddenly remembered that he had finished his class early. Looking down at his watch he saw the it was only now time for the next period and Tony usually had gym after Steve’s class. He headed towards the gym , fingers literally crossed that he would find Tony sitting on the bench outside as usual. But he wasn’t there , entering inside Steve immediately gave a sigh of relief when he saw Tony sitting alone on the stairs watching a basketball game.
Tony thankfully didn’t seem to notice Steve’s odd behavior and Steve assumed it was  because he hadn’t seen peggy in a while either.
“Yesterday night” he said brushing it off like it was the most normal thing but Steve had been there and he had eaten a lot while Tony hadn’t even touched a grain of food.
“Okay, calm down we will get it out . I promise, the nurse is coming, it will be out in a minute” Steve told him as natasha left to go find a nurse faster.
”your reaction said otherwise, why don’t you take off your shirt and show me you are okay and we will stop this conversation right now” Steve said softly, trying not to spook tony into becoming more defensive.
“I am sorry I didn’t tell you, I was too embarrassed”
But Steve would take any number of such things than have Tony dead. Bruce watched him cautiously as he processed his words.
“Why?” he asked bluntly like he knew there was an ulterior motive
"I see you have been eating my ice cream" clint accused eating from the tub directly while Steve wrinkled his nose in disgust.
"He's in detention. What are you doing here?" Since tony was in detention for next hour Steve figured he would get back to read up more on the mission.
“I can’t sleep" he admitted
“Is he here?”
”I am not calling stane. I am going to call Natasha okay? Take the shirt off ,come on. Is it as bad as last time?” He asked lifting the phone to his ear as it rang but didn’t take his eyes off tony.
“I know you feel it too, don’t lie to me please steve not after yesterday” he was pleading now and Steve was feeling worse than he was all night “you know you are only hurting me more by letting me go”
“So cool" he said still in awe
Steve was awake and talking with the rest of the team settled in various spots in the hospital room before tony managed to barge in the worry showing through his disheveled hair and clothes.
Steve couldn’t drop it, he was already feeling murderous as he picked up his phone and called natasha letting it ring on speaker he put the phone on the coffee table because he knew if he held it in his hand it would probably get crushed into pieces from his anger.
“I finished it" he said but Steve knew he was lying and he briefly wondered when he had turned into this doting boyfriend
“Nothing , why can’t I cuddle with my boyfriend without getting the second degree?” he said frowning
“Here” he said tossing the shirt at Tony but he was already tucked under Steve’s blanket his head on the foot of the bed and his feet vice versa.
“Here" nat handed them both Styrofoam cups and Tony pouted when he saw his didn’t contain coffee like Steve’s did.
“Yeah” rhodey said and Steve nodded.
“Howard and Maria,  that was me. I did it"
“I thought you would be asleep" he mumbled as Steve wrapped his arms around to his torso
“yes baby?” he asked amused
“We cant do this here okay? But I promise I am fine.” He said gently pulling away Tony’s hands
She hesitated , if only for a second and quickly explained “we were kissing in the men’s room and then tony suddenly pushed me away and said he couldn’t breathe, I tried to help him but he won’t let me touch him and I didn’t know what to do he-“ Steve had to force his mind into focus as he quickly tried to asses the situation and it was not helping that the word kissing was fixated at the forefront of his mind.
“Then come on, let’s get this over with. Natasha can do it if you want, but it’s going in either way" steve didn’t think before saying it because natasha let out a chuckle at how nervous Tony seemed to the prospect of her doing it.
“Huh.” It was clear Tony was not satisfied with the answer but Steve was just glad that this conversation was over atleast for now.
She dropped the bot , leaning over to give him a hand and Steve took it gratefully. Hating himself for being distracted so easily. “It’s also dangerous Steve”
What do you guys think?
Now isn’t the time for fear.
Maria screams through his entire birth, loud and inconsolable while Howard sits at a desk half a city away, unknowing and uncaring.
“You must fix him. He’s our last chance,” and it’s the blue woman speaking again. Steve pauses in his march towards the ship, stopping right at it’s maw, watching with rapt attention as she turns away, fading back into the dark. He can hear his blood pounding in his ears, his heart beating so fast it feels like it might crash right through his ribcage.
So you takes a step forward instead.
until there's nothing left.
Peggy says after each lesson, Tony breathless beside her with the feeling of satisfaction thrumming gently beneath his skin.
He wakes to breathing. The inhales are deep, steady, and metronomic while the exhales are gusts— strong and forceful.
That’s Steve above him.
You shut down weapons manufacturing and it feels like divine retribution.
As long as the world has Tony Stark in it, there's a
It’s shrapnel, all of it.
It comes out as a sob.
Howard says something on film that Tony presumes is supposed to be motivating, but the words fall flat.
It takes them nearly a week to get back to Earth.
Yinsen stares and Tony sits and all he can do is ache for things he doesn’t deserve.
It feels like a revelation.
Focus on the pain.
Not now.
Nothing but past tense.
A loud whir echoes its way across the field, intrusive and sharp in the careful silence that's settled across Wakanda. One minute there’s nothing, and in the next, a dark mass is lowering itself to the ground, unsteady but purposeful.
If he’s being honest with himself, Tony is just hoping he dies before he gets back to Earth.
None of it’s hard, but it exhausts Tony anyway.
Obadiah’s hand is heavy on your shoulder and you feels like Atlas, then, with pressure on your collar bones, spine close to snapping.
Sleep, Tony’s mind supplies. Someone is sleeping.
Not conscious, then.
Not yet.
Tony tastes bile in the back of his throat anyway.
If he’s lucky, it’ll be over soon.
“You will not stay here,” the woman says. She’s standing, towering over him now, looking like some sort of divine being, the apocalypse in full swing behind her. The cool feeling of her fingers bites into his jaw as she grabs his face, forcing him to look into the black orbs Tony guesses are her eyes. If he could register anything beyond the feeling of ash (of
Steve watches as Bruce takes out Tony’s tracheal tube, his own breath caught somewhere between his third and fourth rib.
Tony fiddled with his fork, running mental calculations.  Interpersonal calculations, the kind of calculations Tony wasn’t good at.  (And if ever you needed proof that subs aren’t naturally more socially and emotionally perceptive than their Dom counterparts, well, here he is!)  He’d run all these calculations before, had a mental list of data points: that 17%; the distance between them on the couch; going to Mass in
(Oh fuck!)
“--we can cross it with poly-aramid plates?”
Feeling like a naughty child, Tony went to join Bruce at the computer bay.
“Glad you like it.”  Steve looked pleased.
, in fact), but he could at least try and prevent Tony from starving himself.  Besides, cooking for Tony felt almost like spending time with him.
@KentuckySub1977
Tony’s heart was speeding up again; he licked his lips and looked into Steve’s wide blue eyes and—
(Tony always thought that the moralizing, metaphysical mumbo jumbo was pretty far-fetched.  He felt fairly certain the science of the thing would have worked the same way on anybody— the mechanisms of cellular rejuvenation and growth stimulation couldn’t actually look at the guy’s soul, for Christ’s sake…  Even as a kid, though, he’d wisely kept his mouth shut on the subject.)
Well that explains it. "why is Steve back in bed sleeping?" I asked Jarvis because I knew Steve hated sleeping away the day light.
"Nobody is sticking me with any needles! And no one is calling pepper! What is wrong with you all I told you I am fine."I told them as firmly as possible.
“ofcourse he is alive young anthony!” thor bellowed and the volume of his voice startled Tony and Steve immediately pulled him over his lap
Tony's face fell, but he didn’t say anything , only nodded and pursed his lips as he watched them leave and the turned to Steve with the same expression.
“At the base, they wont be back till late night" he led them into his bedroom .
“Yeah I am tired. Can we go back to my room?” he asked and Steve only nodded , moving to pick tony up.
“I just don’t get it, you break your wrist and ten hours later you are good as new. How is that even fair? My teeny tiny cut is still weeping!” clint complained for the tenth time that morning . Everyone had stayed in the room steve still holding tony afraid to let him wake up alone. The only person who got some sleep was tony, he hadn’t even twitched in his sleep, his fever addled body had finally given into complete exhaustion. He was still pale, his fever still as high as 102 . His fingers clenched and unclenched around Steve’s hospital gown every now and then.
“And why would that be the case?” Steve asked rearranging the papers in his arms but trying to subtly make sure Tony was not injured in gym .
After what seemed like at least twenty inventions, Tony finally deemed himself hungry and they both trudged upstairs Tony shooing dummy away from the elevator door as it closed.
“He needs you more than I do right now. And I need sometime to clear my head. When you are back I wont be hear, but I hope ,I really do hope that one day-"
“It’s not when you are talking about it with the person you want to do it with. And I promised we would go slow right? You can trust me Tony” Tony made a face that was bordering on funny and nervous at the same time but Steve didn’t comment on it
"She is not your property" now Steve sighed. Whatever was going on, steve didn't like to get involved. Ever. He rarely bothered with such incidents because he believed these kids were mature enough to handle it themselves.
"Okay I think we should call it a day then, assuming everyone is tired that is"I looked pointedly at Tony, he opened his mouth to argue but I cut him off "come on babe, let's head upstairs and you can tell me all about the disgusting pasta"I said pulling him up with me.
“I have some food for us, come eat and then you can sleep” he said neither of them moving from their places.
"That's between you and tony" he dismissed knowing tony has been the one to eat all of the ice cream just to spite clint.
He kept talking as the nurse worked. She worked with good efficiency and had the tube out in less than two minutes even with Tony writhing in his arms.
The person at the counter had told him mousse was just like pudding but lighter and he figured that maybe the closest thing Tony could digest right now. He knew it was nothing close to the cheeseburgers tony loved but it was going to be a while before he can eat something that greasy.
He laughed quietly to himself and Bruce raised an eyebrow at him “what’s so funny?” he asked poking at his sandwich
“How can you say that? Of course I worry" Tony’s eyes were imploring and Steve sighed and pulled Tony back to him while Tony tucked his hands between their bodies.
Steve waited for a few seconds and when he didn't get an answer he moved on assuming the answer was a 'no'.
“Sit down” Steve said motioning for Tony to sit on his chair and Tony did without question . Once he was sitting, Steve walked over to him kneeled down onto his knees to reach Tony’s eye level.
“I think you better wake him up Steve, he wont be too happy if he sleeps his birthday away" she said as she took his place against Clint and Steve wiped the sweat off of his body with a towel heading towards the common room to find Tony still peacefully asleep. But natasha was right, he wont be feeling too good if he sleeps too much as well and plus they had a long day ahead of them.
"I am good, sore, but who isn't?" I said taking a sip from the glass. Steve hmm'd and got up and left the room, God knows to where. I turned to watch him leave while Bruce put his empty plate in the dishwasher. "How are the burns? Did you ice them?"
“tired"
And Tony panicked as he shook his head vigorously as he slapped Steve’s hands away. Steve wasn’t sure what happened. He had already seen them yesterday , infact Tony had asked him to stay while he was being examined.
“you are a bad liar" he said grumbling and peggy laughed and now Steve glared at her
“because you always ask me or tell me before you do it” okay, that made sense but now it had Steve wondering how many times tony had asked for someone not to and they had done it anyway.
Steve held perfectly still letting Tony process his presence and then Tony was flinging himself at Steve holding on for dear life .
“Hey" steve said finally getting Tony’s attention as he turned to look at him.  The first thing Steve noticed was that Tony’s hair was different. It was actually a lot different from his wavy overgrown hair .
Bruce slammed his phone shut and turned to face Steve eyes wide and this was a reaction steve could handle
“school is closed for the next two days, did you hear?” he asked Tony instead because whatever was going on Tony’s head needed a lot more time than a few minutes of attention.
Tony was not going to remember any of this once the drugs wears off anyway.
He was just screaming bloody murder a minute ago and now he was giggling like a five year old.
“How are your classes? Routines set?” Steve asked as he sat across Bruce , sipping coffee while Bruce hummed around his tea.
“do you want to have a bath before you sleep?”
“I know I failed to protect you, to help you when you needed it. I don't expect you to forgive me.” Tony didn't meet his eyes
“tony” Steve scowled at him “if I was with you here all this time who do you think I told?” he waited to let that sink in while he got up and walked over to his closet and changed his sweaty shirt.
“Steve look! It’s my best friends" he said pulling frantically at Steve’s shirt trying to get him to see.
“so anyway, we got food” Tony was never given the chance to dwell as Clint held up two boxes “salad or burgers?” The look on Tony’s face was comical.
“And not that I am complaining , but you might want to put on your shirt first" he felt a laugh course through the teen as he let him go to watch the blush spread through his cheeks.
“I am okay, will be okay" he corrected when he recited three sets of glares.
Tony looked like he wanted to run ,but Steve wouldn’t have it, he slipped a hand under him and picked him up ignoring the stares he got and walked determinedly to Tony’s room before putting him down on the bed.
“Are you asking me if we are still in a relationship because we fought yesterday?” Tony nodded carefully searching his eyes for something and Steve didn’t know what
“You did great sweetheart" he told him and at that Tony almost sagged forward but Steve held him there for a little longer, he knew Tony was not expecting this and he knew Tony was feeling ashamed especially because Steve had told him that this was something he would have to wait for until he was old enough and Steve had to let him know that it was okay before Tony falls asleep worrying more than he needed to. And if it was anybody’s fault, it was Steve’s and he didn’t actually feel all that terrible as he had thought he would. Not after seeing his lover come apart like that.
“what stev-" Tony immediately began but Steve cut him off “ I wont be here for the next five days. I need you both to please accommodate him. Is that a possibility?” he asked bluntly expecting the shocked ,curious looks on both their faces. He also expected Tony’s “what the hell?” look but again Steve just brushed it aside. Last night Tony had stayed at shield along with Steve and stane had not realized over the daze of the party. But Steve couldn’t leave on his mission knowing that Tony was going to be staying with stane without Steve being there incase Tony needed him. That thought scared Steve more than anything so he had stayed up all night formulating a plan but this was all he could come up with that he was sure he could convince Tony into sticking to. His other option was holding Tony hostage at shield, and he knew tony would not appreciate it.
“you feel that?” natasha asked softly but voice firm enough to penetrate through his mind and Tony nodded against his chest as Steve continued to rub his back.
“My fault, I promised them last night that they could come back in the morning” clint admitted
“How much longer are we not going to talk about what happened today?” Oh.
“Nice place” he commented when Steve opened the door for them and tony stood in the center , looking around unsure what to do.
“I know that already,  but things changed for me last month after I realized that even Captain america can die”
“Not hungry?”
“CPS will want one anyway Tony, better you do it with shield where I can keep an eye on you than a random doctor doing it" he wasn’t exactly lying , just stretching the truth ,he really didn’t want to admit that last night he was really worried.
×××××××××××××××××
"I thought you were spending time with Tony today" steve almost clocked Clint in the face for startling him.
“Hey, what’s the body count?” he rasped as he sat up and Clint handed him a water bottle. He drank greedily and placed the bottle down.
"It would be better for everyone if you backed off rumlow" Steve said hands casually in his pockets as he stood by the wall of the now closed door.
Twenty minutes later they arrived at the museum and Steve quickly jumped off the bus greeting nat and Clint who were waiting for him.
“What?” Steve was now genuinely taken aback .
“I am mad, but not at you sweetheart. But we will talk later okay? You really need to get some rest" he said pulling Tony back down onto the couch careful not to jostle his ribs.
“I need to use the ladies room, you guys talk. I’ll be right back okay Steve?”
“If you will sit with me in there then yes" he said his lips forming a little pout as he leaned forward and Steve kissed those puckered lips.
”is he okay? Agent Barton told me he was fine” he was terrified the kid had been hurt seriously
“Are you saying he knows about us?” he asked worrying at his lower lip
“stay?”
“no, no touching” he said smacking at Steve’s hands “stop that I told you I am fine and nothing hurts”
“Steve" he said when he didn’t get an answer and raised his eyebrows at him and Steve sighed feeling cowardly and changed the topic
“He’s going to be fine steve , but like I said it’s a long road to recovery and he needs this now, if he doesn’t do this tomorrow,  there might not be a him after that" that shook steve and Clint to the ccore but it also helped accept the surgery.
“hey tones! What do want to eat? We have –“ Clint and natasha basically just barged into the room and Clint made an amused face
“He will be just fine buddy , keep him warm yeah?” his smile turned bigger when he felt Tony wrap himself around Steve and plant a kiss along the underside of his jaw. Steve reciprocated by wrapping arms around Tony and holding him close.
He was wearing one of Steve’s button down school shirt that he had left at Tony’s place and shorts. Off white (maybe pink) shorts that barely escaped the length of his shirt. And with the backpack he looked even more childish than normal.
“I.. there …something..please" he pleaded unable to say the words for some reason
“I’ll go change into something else okay? Be right back” Tony panicked for a good 3 seconds before saying
“Hi tony, my name is Dr. Brandon. I just need to examine you real quick and then you and the captain can have a talk”  and then she turned to Steve and gave him a calming smile assuring him that they would be fine . Steve really liked her, she was always kind , professional and most importantly very patient especially when the team came in after a battle and always refused medical.
“I miss him. He’s family and he saved me from the car crash . I owe him my life" steve didn’t think he would tell him but when Tony admitted it he didn’t feel better he actually felt worse.
“tony come down for a second" Steve asked but things with Tony were never easy. He whined and knocked his head against the machine and grumbled something  to himself .
“Thank you bruce.” He received a single nod “he needs a bath, I think it will really help right now" steve said sifting his hands through Tony’s greasy hair for emphasis.
“he already knows who you are, do you think he will be okay just leaving now?” Tony was going to hate him for leaving him like this without a goodbye. But it was something he could live with knowing tony was indeed safe and away from everything shield related.
He would cry when they cleaned the reactor casing and whine about it for a while until Steve gave in and cuddled with him for the rest of the day. He insisted on wearing pants and a shirt even when he was alone with Steve. Steve figured his mind was getting more clear as they started weaning him off the pain medications. He was getting back to himself and Steve was grateful for it.
“Well, the doctor said you can leave after you have had a quick nap” now Steve received a glare but he just shrugged at Tony and said “not my words, if you wanna leave you have to sleep for a while"
“I am not sure that is a good idea"
“Tony!? Whats wrong baby?” steve asked he not so carefully grabbed his hands to still them and  when Steve saw the recognition hit Tony when his eyes turned to meet Steve’s.
“At Tony’s , what’s going on?”  he heard the distinct sound of Hawkeyes battle cry on the other end and the hair on his neck stood up as his ears strained to listen for more
“interrogating the mad man” he nodded
“Where are they going?” tony asked , shuffling the cards in his fingers and Steve didn’t know the answer to that but he knew why they were leaving and he had been dreading this moment ever since  bruce had told him.
“Come here" steve said pulling Tony up to his feet and pulling off his bag in the process dropping it on the bed.
“Shield brother, I am glad you are back. How are you doing?” he asked and for once , he wasn’t sure if it was because their just woke up or that he was aware of Tony asleep that he kept his voice low.
"Okay, I am glad to hear that. I want to see you both ten minutes early tomorrow before class." He said getting up , motioning for Tony to come to him. "I also need for you both to drop a message to Tony's phone once you are home. If I am not wrong you have a test in physics tomorrow right?" They nodded fast and scrambled to get up after him following him out.
“What do you remember from last night?” he asked and Tony looked at him guiltily and said
“Come here” Steve said lifting his left arm up so Tony could tuck himself closer to Steve because the second Tony caught sight of the sign that said avengers floor he looked like he might bolt any second.
“You will stay with me right?” he asked as he watched warily as Steve hesitated to get under the covers with Tony.
“Did he tell you?” he asked hoping that Tony had infact because he wasn’t so sure he could.
He wasn’t  prepared to see however,  tony looked so pale, ashen white ,his cheeks sunk in highlighting his facial bones and the tube going down his throat and it looked so wrong to see Tony so still and not fighting against the medical staff. His chest was covered in a lot of white, speckled with red bandages and Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
“You need sleep" he tried again, but Tony shook his head frowning at him displeased.
His fingers were nervously twisting in his shirt and Steve felt instantly guilty when he tried to comfort him and Tony just pushed him away.
Spotting the new kid immediately, a sharply dressed brunette , with brown eyes and eyelashes of an angel sitting in the far right corner with Mr.Rhodes. He let his eyes sweep across the class just one last time and smiled
“I got you sweetheart” he whispered lips brushing against the teens ear.
“ you developed a pretty serious chest infection after you swallowed the water, by the time you fell asleep yesterday by my side , your fever was almost at 104 and it was obvious you were having trouble breathing. It scared the shit out of us all.” Tony chuckled as steve cursed.
“I am not doing anything” he said carefully and apparently it was the wrong thing to say because Tony fumed at him , huffing he poked a finger at his chest and glared at him.
Steve literally had to bribe Tony with cheeseburgers to make him sit in the bath, he hated it for some reason and he demanded steve stay with him. But he needed to talk to natasha , so he had taken a quick shower before drawing him a bath and pouring the Epsom salts into it.
Steve helped him back to the bed and picked out  one of his own shirts for him to wear. He dropped the shirt on the chair and sat down next to Tony.
She didn’t know what level of sexual abuse they were talking about but if steve was reacting this way then it had to be bad.
“Hmmph Steve no” he felt the smile tugging against his lips as he let his fingers roam Tony’s body.
“Hey pepper, this is Mr. Rogers. Is everything okay? Why are you calling me on Tony’s phone?”
But Steve’s fingers had gone cold at the thought of Tony having a bad heart and that thing lodged in his chest and never having known about it. But ofcourse all this is could be very much un true.
“You with me?” He asked gently shaking his shoulders but all he received was a nod against his chest.
“ I can sleep at home, I have to leave soon anyway. Will I ever get to see you again?" he asked his fingers playing with the collar of Steve’s shirt.
“Who is scary?” For a second Steve was sure tony was going to whine at all the questions Steve was asking ,but he seemed to realise it himself and stood up straighter
“He always blindly accepts it.. he doesn’t have time for all this he is always busy with the company"
“what’s going on tony?” He asked moving to crouch on the floor in front of tony. Yesterday tony had refused to let Steve out of his sight clinging to him like a toddler. He knows tony was in shock after that blast but this was a drastic change from yesterday. He was also very acutely aware of Tony’s ‘no touching’ statement. It had worried him when he said it yesterday and it worried him even more today.
The meeting was interrupted when a nervous junior agent knocked on the door. Fury glaring at him because he had no business being here.
It was past midnight, Steve knew he had to wait until the next morning , he sat at the table in the kitchen chewing mindlessly on some cereal. He knew it was too early to be eating anything least off all sugary cereal that apparently Clint liked to eat. As morning came, he decided against his jog and headed straight for the showers hoping to speed things up and just reach school already.
“No I don’t think so, it didn’t look that bad" she nodded
“I heard about your little stint with the goons today. Nat says I would have been impressed” he said softly.
"Can't" he said clamping his jaw tightly , Steve slowly reached a hand out to trace it, tony struggling to let Steve comfort him.
His eyes were unfocused, steve brought the glass upto his lips and Tony sipped at it , he made a face pushing it away “tastes disgusting” he said
“will you let me show you what it feels like? If I cant tell you how much I love you, will you let me show you tony?” he asked and Tony stilled under him , breath shaky and his flailing hands landed on Steve’s back as he hovered over him , not touching but just grazing.
“I think you will be pleasantly surprised at what he has come up with Steve. It beats all our genius , you should be really proud of him" Bruce said settling further in his chair.
“I thought you died too along with them. I found out only a few months ago that you were Howard’s son. It changed a lot for me” tony looked like he was caught off guard , absolutely not expecting that.
“I know things happened yesterday. And I know what it looked like and I need you to hear my explanation. But that doesn’t me you have to forgive me for it.”
“Are you seriously telling me you let him go back? Why would he want that?” he startled a little at the new voice , turning to see clint perched on a cabinet, legs swinging fingers turning a page on a suspiciously large file.
“ Tony, if you need me we will be right upstairs okay?” bruce said ushering natasha out of the room with him.
“Are you trying to make me worry again? You need to eat Tony”
Steve was surprisingly never jealous when Tony was this physically close to nat. Somehow he felt like he was intruding an intimate moment. He needed a good woman in his life and not was perfect for Tony and Steve was not going to ruin that for him by a long shot.
“I am not sad I promise. Infact I will be happy if you get some sleep, you need to rest sweetheart.”
“Hmmf yeah" he shuddered
“you were a little more talkative than usual” he said with a fond smile and Tony’s eyes went wide as he pursed his lips
“Yeah, of course"
“I have never even seen you step foot in the gym and
“okay, okay I have you Tony, tell me what’s wrong so I can fix it" Natasha’s eyes met Steve’s as Tony refused to tell her and Steve just wished they weren’t in this situation at all
Tony slowly let go of Steve and he was gently pulled out of Steve lap and onto the bed. He let the doctors examine him wincing every now and then when they touched a sore part.
“Yes you can. You are having a panic attack. It’s going to be okay. There is plenty of air in this room all you need to do is breathe okay?” he said squatting down completely to Tony’s eye level so he could look at Steve.
“I am sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen but I couldn’t stop and..” he was blushing and Steve was just relieved he was talking.
“That’s exactly what me and Steve are thinking actually.  Let’s wait it out, see how it plays.”
“Sorry , I am sorry” he said face and ears a bright red and Steve grinned at him sitting up.
“Tell me what’s going on" he insisted once he had his attention
“Tony"
“sorry, its been a long couple of weeks.” He tried to justify and everyone did understand.
It wasn’t as bad as Steve had feared to be honest. He held both of Tony’s hand in one large palm of his before using the other to gently to move his penis so he could examine his sacs. He could already see the bruising there and Tony cried out as Steve gave them a little squeeze to check for tenderness.
"Nat can you bring some water? And a thermometer ,he feels unusually warm" when did Nat get here?
He got up and cornered Tony against the wall and held him still. Tony tried to squirm his way out but Steve held him firmly in place and waited for him to still.
“do you?” he frowned before nodding
He sighed , letting the frustration of not getting any straight answers wash over him and brushed his hands on his pants ready to get up “I will call your parents to come pick you u-“ Steve didn’t finish his sentence before he was startled at the sudden movement as tony sprung up from the wall so quickly that Steve actually sat back down in astonishment.
He kissed his way down, leaving a trail of red skin as he went lower to Tony abdomen and then lower and Tony’s hands found Steve hair clutching tight enough for it to hurt.
“Are you okay?” he asked tentatively and Tony huffed
He sighed ignoring the looks and tilted his head back concentrating on calming his breaths and the shakes. He didn’t want Tony to see him like this, not when he should be the one comforting Tony not the other way around.
"Nothing , I drank a little" he mumbled still trying to avoid his eyes.
Steve could only give an uncertain nod and made his way to the room with the promised blankets.
Steve conceded knowing there was a tub of ice cream in his freezer anyway. Clint kept back up ice cream at Steve's place and it came in handy sometimes.
“you had steve really worried for a second there buddy, why don’t you drink some water so it will help Steve feel better?” bruce said and Tony pushed at Steve’s chest pulling his head just enough to look at Steve face.
