“Nope. You’d be surprised by the amount of freaky people out there, getting things stuck in places where they shouldn’t.”
Posse_Magnet67[4:37PM]: I don’t anyway. Especially since I, personally, have been fantasizing about kissing a certain someone who doesn’t wear lipstick.
More questions were asked, like if I had ever kissed a girl or had a girlfriend. He asked how I felt about Alfie. I liked him; I really did. We were good friends, we always hung out together, studied together. He also liked boys so it was kind of…I don’t know, natural I guess for us to see what it was like to kiss another boy.”
He double and triple checked his surroundings and when he deemed that the coast was indeed clear, Castiel made his way back into the kitchen. He wasn’t entirely sure what he wanted so he settled for a jack and coke which honestly turned out quite perfect.
Castiel laughed at that as he reached for a slice of the pizza. “I don’t think she has to worry about that Dean.”
Castiel reluctantly pocketed his phone and turned his attention onto his brother. “Don’t you think I should be the one to pick out what I want?”
CasaNova36[12:43PM]: Yeah, Gabe wanted to take me. He insisted that I needed his help to be someone else for one night. If I let him have too much control though he’s likely to dress me up as, I don’t know, some hybrid cat zombie lol
The question rendered Castiel silent, the thought having gone completely over his head. To be quite honest, he didn’t really know the answer. The idea of having a heat partner is strange enough, and always will be regardless of the person. To spend intimate time together with a near stranger, very little time, to then never have anything to do with them once the heat passes; it was a strange concept. “I don’t know.” Castiel shrugged. “I mean, I think he will be great. We didn’t talk a whole lot about boundaries, but he seems pretty respectful, his scent is pleasant enough. He’s also engaging and a good listener, so…This is a really weird conversation Gabriel.”
Gabriel grinned and put on his best English accent. “Yes, well, you can kneel before me later, Darling. I’ve got to finish up Castiel’s makeup.”
“And this is Becky.” The bookish brunette held her hand out for Benny, a flirtatious glint in her eyes.
Posse_Magnet67[1:44PM]: Sweet! Sounds like a plan to me. Kinda excited, to be honest, should be a fun night. So, you know what you’re gonna dress up as?
So they took their time leisurely walking throughout the whole museum that afternoon. They perused all the paintings, old and new, discussed history concerning certain artifacts that intrigued them. Turns out, Sam is a bit of a history buff. “My brother always makes fun of all the useless information locked away here in my grapefruit.” Sam had tapped his finger against his temple a few times with a chuckle. “But, jokes on him. He’s failed to remember that I was the one who helped him on all of his history assignments. If it weren’t for me-“ Sam had shrugged and they moved on.
Castiel nodded, absorbing the information. “He may have been afraid, but the choices he made leading up to all of this, the pretending, the lying, I can’t…Sam. I don’t mean to speak ill of anyone here, but your brother needs guidance.”
Castiel nodded as he took everything in. “So, I’ll be able to set boundaries? I’m not certain I’m okay with, you know, sleeping with someone I don’t really know.”
Benny turned around to see Cas shifting around in his seat, his friends clearly all in a tither about what happened. “I don’t know Dean, the guy sure looks flustered knowing you also happen to be here.” He finished his beer before adding, “What don’t you go over there and talk to him?”
Dean leaned in again and spoke. Castiel had to do whatever it took to keep his cool, thankfully his irritation out won this time. “I spoke with my adviser yesterday and apparently I need help. He said you were the best in the business.”
“No.” He shook his head. “He didn’t have to. Actually, it was his friend Benny who said something to me. He was concerned, knew something went down, but Dean being Dean, he didn’t wanna spill the details.”
“You know,” Sam began with a huff of laughter. “If I didn’t know any better, I would think you were interested in Castiel.”
Castiel wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but once everything finally quieted down and he came to, he carefully lifted his head from where it rested against the cracked window. His head ached, his shoulders hurt and he was pretty sure he had an actual cut on his forehead now instead of the one that Gabriel painted on. “Oww…Oh, God..”
Castiel clung to her, completely drained of all energy. Today hadn’t turned out as he had hoped. Everything had been so great the last few days, him and Dean were finally getting close and God help him, he fell for the Winchester boy. There was no denying it. If only things hadn’t turned so sour so quickly. Whatever was inside him, it’ll roar to life again should he ever come near Dean. He could feel it. Dean didn’t deserve to be subjected to that, to him.
“N-not breathing..?” Castiel’s own breathing came in short rasps at the implication, a rising sense of dread filling his belly. He looked over at Mathew with a desperate searching look in his eyes, but all he found was the same look of fear. “Why isn’t she breathing?”
“Well, I don’t know, you guys were so good together. Could have sworn you two would have gotten married eventually. She’s a sweet girl.”
Castiel took a moment to contemplate what ‘Magneto’ was suggesting. God, that was a horrible nickname too. Whoever this guy happened to be; he was sure an interesting sort. The thought of sending a mere stranger a photo of himself was exciting to be sure. But was it a good idea? And how was he to avoid the whole ‘distinguishing features’ part? He couldn’t exactly showcase what he was currently wearing. What if it gave him away?
The chassis was a crumpled mess which required a lot of time and money to fix. Dean originally wanted to do it himself and he didn’t trust anyone else. It took some convincing, but he eventually agreed to send it to a shop. The windows and doors obviously needed to be replaced, the exhaust system was pretty banged up and the engine was shot to hell. Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t shed a few tears over it.
Castiel[8:03PM]: Hey! Uh, so…Help. Me and Anna are at the bar and guess who she decided to invite to the table.
Castiel sighed, frustrated as class finally let out. He wasn’t sure if he at all understood the day’s lesson plan; he was so caught up in his own head. That spelled trouble and he needed to talk to someone about it.
It was as though time had come to a stop, or at the very least, played in slow motion. Castiel lurched forward in his seat from the force of the impact, but was incredibly thankful for the deployment of the airbags; although that in itself was jarring and disorienting as well. It wasn’t until the dust had settled and Castiel finally came back to his body, to the present, that the panic set in.
Castiel cleared his throat, looking at Sam again with a smile. “Dean’s uh, he’s great. I suppose you could say I have grown quite fond of him.” His smile only widened at how absolutely true those words really were. What was once a stupid crush now felt like so much more and it all felt so freeing to openly acknowledge it. He may be a little drunk himself, but it was at that moment he felt like he could be rid of old notions he learned long ago and that perhaps, with the will power he needed he could forget about Posse Magnet and focus on what was real in and in front of him.
Castiel[4:19PM]: I’m not exactly required to, but I also don’t wanna come in looking like a bum. I suppose I could wear a full suit if I wanted to, but getting dressed up like that might be a little too ‘fancy’ for Costco. Lol
Dean smiled, nodding his head. “I should, but you know, planes. How long you planning on staying anyway? Cause’ Sam is flying out here in a few days. We should all get together and do something.”
Posse_Magnet67[3:09PM]: I think the app kinda gives you a random number associated with your account or something.
“Ah, what the hell.” He took a step forward, sliding a hand to the back of Castiel’s neck and he gazed into the brilliant blue eyes for the briefest of moments before closing the gap, his lips pressed firmly against Castiel’s. Oh, God, the sensation alone, the electric shock that shot straight through to his core nearly robbed him of all breath.
Dean was going to see him for the first time since the party and they were going to talk. He was anxious, his stomach clenching tighter and tighter as the minutes ticked by. As much as he wanted to see Castiel up and walking, alive and breathing, he was dreading this.
Posse_Magnet67[2:31PM]: So, what you’re saying is that you like me so much that you couldn’t just not send them? ;)
“Ah, well, but I think that would border along the lines of stalker behavior.” Cas grinned, proud of himself for not fumbling his words like a complete idiot.
It didn’t matter much no after it was all said and done. Castiel had never asked about Dean because he knew if he did he would never recover and he’d be highly tempted to go back into town just to see him again. So he had avoided any and all talk about how Dean may have been doing just so he could focus on himself.
Calculus had been hell. Dean arrived first and took his usual seat beside Benny. Benny had greeted him but Dean didn’t give much of a response, which piqued his friends interest and sparked a shit ton of questions in which Dean was loathe to respond to. Castiel avoided him when he finally arrived. They made eye contact as soon as he walked through the door but Cas averted his gaze and took a seat at the very back of the class. Benny, of course, noticed the exchange.
God though, even know, he could feel Dean’s eyes on him from the back of the classroom, boring a hole through the back of his skull. Cas flexed his shoulders in hopes to shake off the uncomfortable feeling of being watched. It didn’t quite work, so he pulled out his phone and scrolled through it, checking out his social media.
I don’t have a huge family but I do have an older brother who practically raised me, an aunt and uncle and a couple cousins. I grew up believing that family doesn’t always end in blood and sometimes you just have to go out and find the people who you can call family.
“It’s okay, we’ll leave it for another time.” And then Dean smiled. It wasn’t wide or joyful, but it was lazy, sweet even, his gently crinkled at the corners. To say Castiel was lost in those green, round eyes would be an understatement. Because he most certainly was lost, impossibly so. He dare not move for the fear of losing the connection between them.
“Dean!” Castiel smacked Dean’s arm from across the table. Bobby laughed and began to rummage through the fridge once more, grumbling under his breath something about Dean not making enough for him too.
“But Cas…You responded when I messaged you, you responded. We got close, as other people, sure, but we did. Even before the phone call.” It was a valid point, one that Cas seemed to really contemplate and for a moment Dean thought he was going to change his mind.
Castiel nodded, shrugging his shoulders. “Alfie never spoke to me again. We lost touch, haven’t spoken since. After the questionnaire I was made to listen to multiple quotes and passages from the bible about homosexuality, about Hell and what it was like.” He hung his head, a sigh escaping him. He recalled being so terrified after the encounter that he spent most of his time in his room, isolating himself from the rest of the family. Even Gabriel, the only one who seemed to care about him.
"Do you think this is funny?" Sam was angry. "She could have gotten alcohol poisoning just because you always leave your stupid beer standing around. We've talked about this before!"
"Okay, well." Dean breathes heavily, as he gets up. "If we're not going to get any work done tonight, I might as well just go out."
"And that's generally something she approves of?" Castiel asks. He takes one straw between thumb and index finger, bends forward and takes a sip.
He looks at her. She's petite, young and pretty enough that Dean would probably make a move on her. Although, come to think of it, Dean hasn’t really been doing much of that lately.
"She came to us voluntarily and she stayed voluntarily." She motioned towards the free spot next to her on the cot, but Sam made no move to sit down. "Although she is cruelly disfigured by her humanity, she is still an angel and her place is in heaven." She stroked over her hair. "Of course I don't expect you, as a human, to understand the full extent of what that means." She tilted her head to the side again. "It's like an ant trying to understand the intrinsics of world history."
"Even if they did, they're just your regular taste of demons. So what, you think Cas can't deal with them?"
"These Dean and Charlie days still feel kind of strange.” He kept his eyes on the street. "Not because they shouldn't be spending more time together, of course.”
"A missing heart was just too strange,'' she says, eyeing him intently, as she waits for his absolution. "We just didn't want to give weirdos any ideas, you see."
In the seat beside Dean's, Castiel slumps his shoulders. "Thank you, both," he says to Jody and Sam. "I enjoyed the meal."
"I think I can tell the difference," he eventually says. "He's different when he's angry at the world than when he's angry with me."
There was no new message from Sam. Dean considered writing to him, but what would he even say?  "I’m currently solving a really dangerous case with your daughter involving all kinds of monsters. Have fun in your little idyllic pension. Lots of love."
Sam gazes up at the wall, a somewhat constipated expression on his face. "Do you think I did the wrong thing today?"
Dean didn’t know where she was going. The important thing was that all the other monsters followed her. They disappeared into the darkness one by one.
"I’m showing Dean the campus." She linked arms with Dean, both of them sporting broad grins on their faces. "And you can see what has changed since your time."
"Armisael is of no importance. He was merely bait. When you reached out to us… Oh, Castiel…" He grinned and stepped forward, so close that Castiel could see every pore on his vessel’s face. "You really thought there were still angels left who’d want to help you? You? When you’re the one who’s brought most misfortune to our race than anyone else before?"
"I’m sorry." She is disappointed, either by the questions or her inability to answer. "I really didn’t know him well. He was just… a normal old man? He was alright, I guess. He didn’t start any fights, as far as I know. He was no trouble."
"Maybe we could try retracing his steps," Sam suggests, mainly so Castiel will stop looking at him that way. Then his phone rings.
Dean puts the knife through his chest, and it feels horrible. Seeing Castiel’s face screw up, hearing his voice cry out in pain.
Dean was about to argue but he breathed in deeply instead. "Alright, if you still need a minute anyway, I guess I can take stock of the kitchen."
"Why are you being like this?" Sam asks, quietly. "I know you're angry with me for messing up, but you can't think that this is helping?"
"Well, I fucked up and got myself caught." Sam doesn't really see the benefit of explaining the details. It's something to do with having too much compassion and underestimating vulnerable looking women.
Sam turns Castiel's other hand and looks down at their entwined fingers. "Look, I want to say: Of course, I'll do anything you ask of me. But it's a lot easier said than done... How I can not feel embarrassed? You heard what I did. The longer I let it go on, the harder it got to stop. I know it's in my head, I know I could have acted differently. And you're right: I trusted him –I mean, I trusted the voice more than I trusted you, and that's not okay, I know it. But it's the truth. And if you see the truth, if you see how fucked up my head really is..."
They got ready for bed in comfortable silence. Lying in the dark with his eyes open, Sam wondered if he should have stayed with Dean. He pictured him going the drummer’s way, vomiting and choking on his sick. There wasn't really more physical distance between them than there was when they were at the bunker. Sometimes Dean got black out drunk there too, and Sam never sat next to his bed then either. He never did anything but hoped that Dean would be fine in the morning. Mostly, he tried not to think about it too much. It made him feel vulnerable and helpless.
Then why was he now sitting on a toilet lid with his head on his hands and his eyes pressed together so tightly that he started seeing stars. The plastic beneath him creaked with each of his body’s movements.
"Why do you think he liked her?" Sam pulls a book from the shelf and just holds it. "He didn't mention her once after that night. Just because he slept with her?" He tries not to scoff. "That doesn't mean anything."
"I do feel sorry for you." He talks deliberately slowly, as if speaking to a young child. "I want you to feel better and if I can bring you some comfort with my company, I welcome that. But I would not spend so much time and energy on you out of selflessness or duty."
Castiel did not answer. He indicated towards a table on the opposite wall where a young couple was sitting. She brushed back her long dark hair, and he smiled up at her with a strange look in his eyes.
Sam leaned against the wall of the hall. He looked exhausted; his hair was stringy against his forehead.
"She is studying to be a doctor, even though she’s already capable of healing anyone she wants to heal. Is that not a form of suppression of herself and her abilities?"
"Once again, I found people claiming to know his whereabouts, but I'm not one step closer to finding his heaven."
The wine glasses were in the back of the cupboard, behind the day to day dishes; they were unused. Sam rinsed them under the water to clear them of any dust. The bottle of wine he fetched from the pantry had been there for weeks, waiting for a fitting occasion. He twisted the corkscrew into the bottle neck.
He couldn't tell how long he had been standing in the glaring bathroom light, staring at his reflection in the mirror, when his cell phone brought him back to the here and now.
But hurting him, really hurting him, crushing him, taking away the one thing that seems to keep him going lately? That would be worse.
"Personally, I was so impressed that Charlie was allowed to dance the main part in the performance after such a short period of time of being in the group. You must be so proud. Even if she’s not your real daughter." She shrugged. "It’s admirable that you’re so committed."
"Yeah?" Dean put his hands in the air, he gestured as if they had an audience. "You know what would really help me to be more trusting? If I didn’t come home to you guys in bed together. Just a thought."
"I got a job in an attorney's office. It's only for a couple of hours every morning, but when Charlie has settled in, maybe I can increase my hours."
They lay in silence for a while before Sam spoke some of his thoughts. "If Dean's not fit to drive tomorrow, I hope he'll just let me do it. I don't want to fight."
Castiel looks surprised that Sam doesn’t know. "I don't think of myself as a man, in general. And I think of you as... you're just
But he stays and watches as they get closer to each other. Dean has his arm slung around the woman’s waist as he pulls her out of the bar through the backdoor.
Sam sits down on the other bed. The mattress is incredibly soft and he already knows he'll have a hard time sleeping on it.
Although the wetness had made its way through all his clothes, it didn't take long before he stopped noticing the icy coldness of his skin. Instead, he started feeling surprisingly warm and cozy.
It was uncomfortable to burst in on them like that. Dean was holding Castiel tight and it seemed like they were about to leave the bunker. Both pairs of eyes rose.
"I'll do it for you. So, let's see. We'll go with pineapple and- " She took her time to decide. "Hot peppers." Sam laughed. "And, of course, cheese."
Sam stares around the room. It's not the first time he's in a situation like this but it's never not awkward. If he makes something up, it's easy to get caught up in lies. But he also doesn't want to talk about the supernatural, hell, Lucifer. She's probably not equipped to deal with a psychosis on this scale anyway, and would want to get him committed. Any of his life would be enough reason to see a therapist, but he doesn't know where to start. It's difficult to gauge what's too small and what's too big. He rubs one besocked foot over the other.
He sat on his bed, shoved a pillow behind his back, and leaned against the headboard. Without looking at her, he pulled Charlie towards himself. She immediately put her head in his lap and looked up at Castiel. "Come on, Daddy."
Cas doesn’t really like the taste of beer, Dean knows. He suspects he drinks it out of camaraderie. Because of him.
"Well, shit," Dean said, and knocked back the drink, his head thrown back. “What are we going to do?“
Castiel stretches out his hand to Jody, but she rejects the formality and goes in for another hug. "You're quasi family now, right?"
"I would have told you earlier,'' he says, "but I didn't think it was my place. And I also didn't think you'd, you know, find them rolling around naked on the kitchen table just before we leave."
"I'm good." Dean averts his eyes, just in case. As if Castiel understands he drops his hand, but he stays close.
Sam doesn’t reply. He just looks back at him. He seems almost content to have broken down Dean’s resolve to keep this civil. It’s like he believes if they fight enough Dean will eventually let this go. Be okay with this version of Sam and just let him be.
"You're right. That would actually suck. Well, this is probably going to be the last day of my life anyway because my Mom is going to crush on me hard, so –" He raised his glass. "You know what? Fuck it."
"I didn't know he was going to come up." Sam looked unsettled, his face twisting as if it couldn’t decide which feeling to settle on.
She musters him. Maybe she doubts that he's police after all, but decides she might as well show him the room. The room key is made out of sturdy brass. The door creaks as she turns it in the keyhole. She steps to the side, crosses her arms and lets him survey the room. It's small and simple. Nothing more than the bed and two bedside tables. The most interesting thing is the glass-front, the big windows with a view onto the street. Sam steps towards the window and taps his finger against the glass. "That camera there, isn't that yours too?"
"The part where you just went for the thing and made it explode without asking any questions. Most people would at least hesitate."
"You won't." He squeezed Castiel's hand. "I promise you I won't leave. And Charlie and Sam will be back sooner than you think."
"No." Sam shakes his head. "You see, there were times… There were times I thought him out." He can hear the strange hitch in his own voice. "There were sometimes days, weeks, or what felt like weeks, when he wouldn’t talk to me. When I’d bored him to death and I would miss-"
"I know, it was just - I am really happy with you. And that's still pretty crazy to me, after everything."
"It's not the case," Castiel replies in a voice even lower and huskier than Dean's. "I know he's a great hunter."
"I'm sure he's fine," Dean says, as much to himself as to Castiel. Why shouldn't Sam be fine. But still, the uneasy feeling  makes Dean pull out his phone. The last outgoing calls are all to Sam or Castiel.
The skepticism on her face remains. She turns to Castiel, gives him a once-over, like she's trying to adjust what she sees to what she already knows about him. Which is what exactly?
"Honestly," Dean says in a hushed voice. "I'd probably feel better if it wasn't just residue craziness. Especially if his and your idea of dealing with it is... not to."
A strange pause set in, reminding Sam to leave now. That this wasn't meant for him at all. He had just decided to close the door, when Dean started talking again.
"And now you have to clink the glasses together," she explained to Castiel. "You also have to look deeply into the other person's eyes."
They all looked at Dean now, as he turned around to them, and his smile turned into a frown. "Hey, Cas!" he called over to them, waving.
At least if Sam is trying to banter, Dean tells himself, then that’s a good sign that he’s really doing better.
"I mean, not to sound whiny or anything, but my advice would be not to expect fairness when it comes to stuff like this."
"You know he didn't need to get out of his wet clothes either?" Sam asks. He knows he's on thin ice. "I mean, not for thermogenic reasons."
Nobody fit into this life and that was okay. He had Charlie and Dean and Castiel. He forced himself to smile. Everything was okay as it was. In a way, he was happy.
In the car, balancing the untouched cup of coffee on his knee, Sam tells himself that the eagerness he heard in Castiel's voice last night was just in his head. He replays the conversation a few more times, but finds it only gets murkier.
There's familiar worry and empathy on Sam's face, as his fingers make sure that Dean's words are true. It shouldn't feel good at all, but it does. Maybe they need this. Maybe they need the danger, the blood and the life and death worry to be able to show each other they care. Sam didn't use to be like this. Dean used to be able to rely on his unconditional love without endangering himself.
"I hardly even got a chance to talk to her." Dean shakes his head. "Anyway, I wasn’t trying to embarrass you."
Castiel seems to mull that over for a moment. "He's more physically comfortable and he has less nightmares. That to me suggests he is doing better."
He hopes it means she is dead for good, and not that she's descending into wherever Greek goddesses go. Surely the daughter of Zeus couldn't be killed by a demon knife? But it would have to do. Even her blood has disappeared; there is no trace of her even having been here. Now, the only blood that remains is Akiko's. It still drips off her pale forehead onto the carpet and slicks her black hair.
There's no reason for Sam to leave. Castiel isn't even back yet. Sam is going over to sit in their room while Dean sits in his. Dean doesn't want him to go. He just about manages to stop himself from rising from the table, but he does ask: "You okay?"
"What? Who told you that?" Sam shook his head. "We don't know if this has got anything to do with her. It could be anything."
"And you like Miles freaking Davis?" Dean's eyes bore into Castiel's. "Hm. I didn't know angels liked any music at all. You never seemed that psyched about it."
"An angel?" She laughs. Skepticism covers her face and then something else takes over. Alienation maybe. "Your boyfriend is an angel? Like a real life halo wearing sent-from-above angel?"
"You smell of sex, yes," Castiel says, his back to Dean. He waits a moment, but Dean doesn't know what to reply. It’s probably better to abandon this conversation.
He felt uncomfortable that Dean had brought his glass down here. He considered mentioning it, but he let it go. There had been enough fighting for today. He was here to seek peace.
He’s tempted to slam the bathroom door, but instead he decides to sit down on his bed again. He takes out his phone, just to hold something, while he’s waiting for them to wake up.
"Hey man, I'm not knocking you. Didn't say you did anything wrong. You're just usually more… you know, broken up about stuff like that. You know that was his sister back there, right?"
"Would they have gotten you if you hadn't been so weak?" He asks. "And wouldn't you have been stronger if we hadn't-" He gestures between them.
"I don't know if I'm right. It might be something else. In the pensioner's home, Sam kept looking in other directions. At one point I sensed that he wasn't talking to me, but someone else."
Something about the sincerity in her voice makes him feel worse. She shouldn't feel for him. He is the one unharmed. There's a pause where all Sam can hear is Jody's breathing, and he knows she must hear his. "She's in the trunk. I'm in her car and she's in the trunk."
Sam apologizes for suspecting her. "It's nothing personal," he says, leaning onto his knees. "And I'm sorry we didn't take off our shoes."
He looks around the room again. "Less than I used to." Then he remembers that he only got an appointment on the spot because it's supposed to be acute and urgent. "I mean, I've been doing better, but… I'm traveling right now and my therapist back home doesn't do telephone consultations. And I needed to talk to someone."
Dean has seen them making out, more than once. Never on purpose, obviously. And why would he, when it cuts straight to his heart anytime he sees them make as much as puppy eyes at each other. Sam never seemed scared or insecure to Dean then, not more than usual.
"Just-" She leans against the wall, her dead family smiling down at them from a framed picture. "The last time I talked to Dean he sounded pretty worried about you."
How strange love is, he muses, as he drags his feet over the tar. He’d known about the follies of it for all his existence, what they made people do. And yet now, confronted with his own inane feelings, all that knowledge means nothing.
He knows it's the wrong route even before Dean screws up his face and says "Jesus, Sammy. Really?" Then he straightens up. "I'm alright, how about you?"
Sam doesn't know. They could visit another victim. They could try and find another overlap. They could try and talk to the psychologist again. Sam doesn't want to be reluctant to talk to her just because she seems to be able to look right inside him. He regrets telling her so much. Just like he regrets saying anything about Cas to Akiko at all.
"I do it because I enjoy being close to you. It is, in fact, mostly selfishness that has led me to you in that way. Despite how unwell you are and knowing that is only your fragile state of mind, loneliness and desperation that has led you to accepting my help, I am glad you did. When you wouldn’t let me help you anymore, I was afraid you wouldn’t want to spend as much time with me either."
"Yeah, he was definitely weird, but that doesn’t mean he was just imagining stuff." Dean drops the burger onto the wrapper, and leans into the back of the chair. "I just don’t know. It just seems so pointless. We should be out there, doing something real, something that actually matters. It’s been so freaking quiet lately."
When he turns from the fridge, an ice cold bottle in his hand, the wall has moved, and Sam and Castiel are standing in the entrance to the kitchen.
"It's great if we can all deal with each other in a civilized way." Sam knew how stale his words sounded. "It's a miracle, really."
He nodded, and seconds later felt the energy flow from Castiel's fingers into his spine and the rest of his body. His headache vanished.
He breathes in deeply and starts coughing immediately. The air is full of dust and finely ground stone particles that sting in his throat and lungs.
"You won't die. I won't allow you to die and neither will Cas." He took a few steps towards Sam. "Stop whining and start fighting this!"
Sam could tell by his voice that they still had a long way to go until things would be okay between them.
He doesn't even struggle to get free. Instead, he just stays quiet while Dean, spewing curse word after curse word, carries and shoves and pushes his body through the hall and into the bathroom, where he lets him slide down the tiles onto the floor.
Dean shrugs once, "I didn't mind getting the bigger bed," and then shrugs some more. "Cas doesn't need to sleep anyway."
"And you think that by doing so you waived your rights to be upset about all the times you did not?"
"Dean, I’m sorry." Castiel is still slouching in his armchair, but he looks a bit more alive. "I’m really not sure what happened."
Dean smiled again. Sam was surprised when he hugged him as tightly as if he wanted to crush him. He let it happen and even put his head on Dean's shoulder.
"There's one in the lobby." She points at the corner of the room, at a potted plant. When she shows him the footage, it is just as she's said. They come in, pay, and walk on. There's nothing unusual about it if you don't know. The motel employee looks at him, unsure, as he stares at the screen. She stops the video.
Despite the seriousness of the situation, Dean has to suppress a chuckle at the image that crops up in his mind. "Alright. What did Sam tell you to look for? Why did he send you there?"
Dean nods, thanks her and pulls out his badge only now for some reason. He starts asking about the dead girl.
There's an email from Jody, asking if he's okay. If they got anything new. Like she's not talking to Sam every day anyway. But he hits the reply button and starts typing. He types more than he ever remembers writing to her in an email before, a whole page of stream of consciousness thoughts. He writes about manual labor, about the thrill of hunting, of feeling like your existence mattered, if only for the tiny second you got to save someone. He does not re-read any of it before sending it off. Dean closes his laptop, puts it beside his bed onto the dusty floor. He feels a little antsy, motivated for… something. If they weren't already on a hunt, he'd go out and find one. He picks up his laptop again. There has to be something he missed, something they have overlooked that holds all the answers. He researches until he dozes off with his laptop on his chest. When he wakes, the laptop has fallen to the side of the bed, the screen black. Dean rubs a hand over his face, trying to reorient himself.
"There's security cameras all over inside, but none outside."  She steps into the car and he follows her.
Dean licks over his lips and turns his head towards Castiel, who follows their conversation with calm interest. Like he's a mere spectator in the Winchester game, and not a participant. Dean turns back, and looks into the rearview mirror, adjusting it. "Why would I care?" he asks.
There's suddenly music coming from the other hallway. Dean’s clearly still awake, drinking, angrily blasting Slayer.
He remembered the fight and the door slammed in his face. The absolute anger he'd felt towards Sam. Castiel's head turning away from him. How certain he'd been then that he had been right. That it had unfolded exactly like he'd feared: The second he'd split up with Cas, the son of a bitch had started actively pursuing Sam, and he’d been doing it on the sly all the time before.
Castiel still got one hand on the back of his neck. He drapes his other arm over Sam's middle, waiting.
He pressed his lips together. What a great reply to his suggestion that Castiel could come along. That they could share a meal while Sam would be off to buy some new pants for Charlie.
"No, I do believe that she didn't know. But like you said, it could still be her in some way. Maybe someone is working through her."
"It wasn't going well?" Castiel asked in a husky voice. "I concluded as much since you never mentioned that person again."
"Does it seem logical though?" Dean tips his empty glass with only his index finger, balancing it carefully. "Because I've seen you stressed before and I've seen you on some heavy medication, and you didn't start hallucinating then. So what's different now?"
"No, I know, I just don’t want to normalize it around her. You know, considering Dad and alcohol and our dependency issues…“ Sam trailed off.
He wants to hear Castiel laugh at his questions like Sam has. Not to take them seriously and ponder for way too long.
"I don't need to listen to that crap. I'm not gonna take relationship advice from you. Whatever is happening between Cas and me, it's got nothing to do with you.”
"Me either. I really didn’t think I’d get to see you again…" He put a hand at the back of her neck. It was strange for Dean to see them so intimate with each other, although he was happy for them of course. "I always imagined you’d be in college by now," Sam said. "Well, college or heaven."
It’s not like it’s a really big deal. They are doing fine, better than most couples, Sam would wager, and for the most part talking to Castiel comes easy. Castiel has strong opinions on a lot of things from fantasy movies to people incorrectly quoting scripture. Sam loves hearing all of them.
"Who are you?" Darren asks lazily. There's no fear in his voice, just annoyance. Like Dean's crashing his party, not threatening to end his life.
"Oh, the usual." He could picture her shoulder lifting. "Working, paying bills, hunting monsters. You know the drill."
"You really think so?" Sam put the glass down. “I mean she is barely eleven and for a long time we've been at this point where I can’t teach her anything anymore. She started playing the piano six months ago and she's already playing Beethoven's fifth. That's not very humanlike.” He didn't add how much his own daughter scared him sometimes.
Sam stands up reluctantly. He does that over-expressive thing with his forehead, probably contemplating if Dean is okay enough to be left alone. And then, with his hands flat on the table, his expression changes into something unreadable. "We weren't really too loud, were we?" His cheeks turn a little pink the way they do when he's been running or eating hot peppers. He's already regretting having asked. "I'm so sorry. I just don't want it to be awkward for you."
He stretches out his cramped legs. Trying not to hit the table in the process, he ends up shoving his feet against Castiel’s.
"What, you want to sit around and hold her hand until she does?" Dean snaps back. "You take her upstairs. I can’t, I had to bust open the door. Oh by the way," now he glares at Castiel. "Why didn’t you just open the door like a normal person when we rang and called?"
He sat there on the toilet seat for a good ten minutes. Then he wiped over his face, checked himself in the mirror and went outside. He stayed at the wedding until most of the guests had left, managing to avoid both Dean and Castiel without really trying hard. After Charlie had told him three times that he should leave and no, they weren’t going to clean up anything tonight anyway, he finally listened and went to get his things.
If your own life doesn't seem worth that much, it's easy to be a martyrer. If fighting is what you know, and killing is your second nature, then getting rid of monsters is not that impressive. Sam's had a good, solid relationship in his life once before, so he knows he's capable of it. At least a part of him is. A part he hopes still exists, that isn't burnt out of him by the fire that was loving Ruby. Scratched away from being with Lucifer for so long.
"I don’t think you should be afraid." When has fear ever helped them? "But aren’t you at all curious to know what they wanted from you? If it was just revenge, surely they would have tried to kill you?"
As far as it was possible, Dean had accepted that he wasn't over Castiel in the least and that he would never be. There were people who stayed in your life forever, no matter how far away or not. But it was one thing to have him on his mind when he wasn’t there, and a whole nother thing to sit across from him.
There are only a few cars in the parking lot. He finds Castiel leaning against the Impala. He doesn’t seem like he’s been looking for outside threats or possible intruders. He’s just been waiting here until he’s allowed back in again.
"I know, but I thought..." It seems like the moment Sam wants to speak about Lucifer or whatever else is happening to him. But then Sam shakes his head. "I'm sorry... I'm so tired. I can't think straight right now."
Instead, he stopped his music and took the tape from the deck. With his right hand, he digged through the tapes for something more suitable.
"No, I don't." Garth laughed. "This baby seems to come straight from hell and gets by on an hour of sleep." He pointed to his eyes. "You're lucky you don't have children." Before Dean could answer, Garth turned to his wife. "Oh, were you just telling him about the 'Then I’ll turn you into a werewolf and bite you and bleed you dry' outburst from your daughter?" He kissed her.
Dean shrugged. "I told him I'll let him know tomorrow." He got up from the table. "I need a shower."
"Not when we’re talking about…" He makes a vague motion into the air. "Out there stuff like that. I thought we were just goofing around and suddenly you’re all serious."
Instead, he feels a dull ache throughout his whole body. A tiredness has taken hold of him that has nothing to do with physical exertion.
They’re eating steak and roasted potatoes at the kitchen table. The steak is good, the tender fingerling potatoes are even better.
"Everything's gonna be okay." Dean pulled the severed chains away. She eyed him like a frightened agitated animal, and Castiel feared she might attack him. "We'll take you to your parents."
"Oh. Yeah. Sure." He clears his throat. He keeps forgetting Dean talks about him with other people. His mind adds 'behind his back' before he can stop himself. As if they had to coordinate who they're talking to. They come as a duo. Of course people ask.
, who raped and tortured my brother. And now my brother doesn’t know how to feel about him, when he should obviously want to murder the son of a bitch. And he's had these hallucinations about fucking him. Is that normal? Or does that look like demonic, angelic or witchy intervention to you? What can I do to help him? What the fuck can I even do?"
"Why?" Castiel furrows his brow. "I was there yesterday. What would we gain from going there again?"
If the weeks and days before had seemed like an unclear dreamlike haze, this took the cake. A numbness took over his whole body with force as he tried to order his thoughts.
"Do the holy water anyway." Castiel takes the flask out of Dean's hand. He looks apologetic as he splashes the maybe-therapist. She splutters, her eyes go big. She seems no less terrified.
"Really? Why? There’s a reason Sam wanted you stop. And unlike me, he could actually do with some more help. We all know he’s got a few screws loose. But he stopped letting you do this stuff when he realized how much it fucked you up. So what on Earth made you think I would let you do this? I’m having a crappy day, that’s all! You think I’m putting you in danger for that?"
"Like that’s ever stopped you before." Sam slips into the seat next to Castiel, smiling. "Come on, Dean, tell us, what kind of dreams do you enjoy?"
Castiel steps into the kitchen, as Sam continues to talk. "You know, most of the times, when I was a kid, and pretty much for most of the time my father was alive, Dean would just go with whatever Dad would say. Pleasing him, being Daddy's little soldier and doing everything the way Dad asked him to —that was like everything there was to Dean. That and taking care of me, I guess..."
"They're not vics. They're just people doing dumb shit." Dean pulls up his shoulders to his ears.   "Whatever, alright. I'll drop you off at the studio."
"He’s always done that kind of thing… What exactly is it that you think happened anyway? Where do you think he is?"
"Charlie wanted me to come up with her," Dean said. "But if you want me to leave again, it's fine. I really didn't want to bother you."
He counts the bills, looks over at the counter behind which a middle-aged man seems about to fall asleep, his eyes half-closed.
Of course the accidental explosion had only worked as a diversion, but it had been enough to buy him time.
Considering their distinctly different conceptions of friendship and love, this can mean a lot of things.
The table was a little small for four people, but they made it work. The conversations were tense, but not as bad as Dean had feared.
"Last night when Sam wanted to be on his own, you told me Sam might just need some time for himself. I thought it might be similar today. But I don't think this was it."
After a while, every five minutes or so Castiel would look up at the black plastic clock on the wall, not saying anything.
Still leaning against the table, Castiel folds and unfolds his hands in his lap. "Am I not allowed to have my self doubts too?" He looks up from his fingers to Sam. It's not often that he's standing taller than Sam. It's strange to have someone look down on you. He tries to imagine what it would be like if Castiel were in his true form, how much he would be towering over him then. It's an eerie feeling.
He walked towards the door and turned around once more. "If we ever face each other as enemies, then I just promise to kill you quickly."
"Yeah, maybe… But as I said, I never really enjoyed it anyway. I kinda used to do it with Jess sometimes when we were out, at a party or whatever. I mean, I knew it made her happy. God knows why. I really sucked at it."
Castiel looked up from his book, a heartbreakingly overwhelmed expression on his face. Dean wanted to laugh, until he saw Sam’s face twisted in anger.
Dean's lips were rough as they pressed against his. The kiss was urgent and yet there was something in the touch that was careful, that asked for permission.
"Dad, you’re suffocating me." She laughed. "Besides, you talk as if I’d just come back from a Mars expedition." She broke away from him. "We’ve talked almost every day."
"The hunter presented himself as nice and charming to lure in the girls and roofie them." As soon as Castiel spoke, he felt the anger rising again. "He must have thought of Charlie as purely human, which is why he didn't pay more attention to her. He had no idea that she would not be affected for very long."
Castiel looks confused. "On a first date you would generally try to hide your taste in movies?" he asks.
She cocks her head, and moves closer to him as well. She reaches for his gun, gently places her hand on top of it and lowers it. "You did not drink the whiskey?" she says. "I thought I saw you sip some of it."  She seems almost impressed. "You're a surprising man, Sam Winchester."
Sam nods, puts the spoon into the sea of white and pulls out his phone. There are no new messages. "Late night?" he writes, and then decides to add, "Where are you? You okay?"
He should be happy to get a second (third, fourth, whatever number they were at) chance with his brother. Castiel and Dean had spent the last years focused on getting Charlie and Sam back. And of course, Dean was glad they had succeeded. He was thrilled.
Sam insisted on properly cleaning the kitchen floor before they left. Charlie had to get changed and didn’t like any of the clothes Castiel picked for her, so they had to wait around for Sam to deal with that too.
It makes Sam smile, the way Cas carefully puts his lips on the fork, slowly pulling the potato off. He chews and swallows just as slowly, before turning his head to Dean.
Her caring eyes look up to him, a genuine offer to help. It's tempting. Explaining and talking. Where to start. Lucifer, Dean, his general frame of mind, Castiel.
It's not exactly a big kitchen. There's not a lot of room to do anything. On the counter, maybe. Against the fridge? It all seems bizarre. The images in his head aren't corresponding to the two people before him.
Then again, maybe that’s just the thing: it feels pretty similar to how he’s been feeling lately too. Only there’s no actual apocalypse looming this time, no immediate threat of Sam or Cas dying (or himself, if he still cared about that). He shouldn’t be feeling so freaking useless and up in the air right now.
"Because you listened to Sam when he asked you to go?" Dean scoffs. "He's a grown man. He can fend for himself."
"If you take Cas with you, I mean." Dean put two fingers on his temple. "You always tolerated that kind of travel better than me."
"Bullshit. He's worse than that one time that bitchy witch tricked us into taking buttloads of LSD. He's high as a kite. I thought he was going to lick your face and fondle your feathers there for a minute, right in front of me."
Sam and Dean both look over at Castiel, who bends over the thick straw and takes a sip. "Interesting," he says and shoves the drink back. "An unusual texture."
After the delicious meal - Dean hadn't been able to persuade Sam to try some of the pie, he was a little sick already - they all found themselves in the living room. No one had said anything about it, but the gifts under the tree spoke their own language. Sam had to admit that he was a little curious himself.
"I know." She laughed. "Do you know what’s weird? I wasn’t even thinking about myself. I was rather upset on Dad’s behalf. I felt sorry for him that you were still hung up on someone else."
"Help! Dean!" Sam tried to fight the strange man off, without much success. His grip was too firm. "Please don't hurt me," Sam sobbed. "My big brother will be back in a second and he'll kill you if you hurt me."
"Right." It is always strange hearing Sam talk about soullessness as an abstract concept, when Dean still remembers staring into his brother's empty eyes so vividly.
"You’re not going to lose him. He’s probably not even going to be really surprised. I just think he’ll — He’s probably not going to want me around."
"Yeah, well, you know, Cas, it's kind of hard to take these kinds of promises from you seriously anymore."
"Nope…" He sounds on the edge. "The whole place is clean. I even checked the playground in front of the school, which turned out to be a big mistake. I was run off by two women who called me for a creep for perving on their children. I almost lost the EMF meter running away."
"I didn’t know they’d go after you," Dean laments, his voice strained. "I didn’t think anything would happen to you. I wouldn’t have told you to go, if I’d thought…"
"Catch!" He threw an angel blade at Sam, and he pocketed the other himself. "We still got holy oil too."
Castiel brushes both his thumbs over Sam's hands. "I already know you," he says. "I already know you enough to be sure how I feel about you. There's nothing you could say or think that would make me change my mind."
Sam drives out even further. He's not scared of police per se. He's scared of wasting time getting caught up in a whole thing when he needs to find Dean and Cas. He doesn't stop the car when Jody calls and tells him that from what she's read, Alethia is probably dead. "And you were right, she seems to be considered benevolent. Or at least well-intentioned."
"Yeah, there’s probably nothing the EMF could detect. It’s not a ghost. We’ll meet you at the school. And don’t let the scary moms get you."
"Because there are just some things I don’t want to talk about. With anyone, but especially not with him. We never really talked that much about our time in Hell, anyway. Not the specifics. Why would I want to do that now all of a sudden? Besides, I kind of thought he’d have gathered the main points, but maybe not."
Sam and Dean gave each other a quick look. The moment was over so quickly that it was unlike anyone had noticed it, anyone except for Castiel. He had learned to read the Winchester brothers’ non-verbal messages over the past few years. He understood the look that said talking on the phone was not good enough as clearly as if he had heard it in a prayer.
He expects a more thorough explanation of what happened inside. He’s disappointed when it doesn’t come.
Everything in Castiel longed to draw him into an embrace, to comfort him as he knew he could – but at the same time he was aware that it was probably the last thing Dean wanted now.
An hour later they leave and Dean wishes he could get that penetrating taste of herbal tea out of his mouth. What kind of freak pours hot water over myrrh and thyme for fun.
"Why do you always have to defend Sam?" She rolled her eyes. "You think their bourgeois act is bullshit yourself. Why do they need to plan a stupid family trip right now, when they knew you and I had plans. Why don't they just go to the two of them? I don't want to be a part of that crap."
»When were you at my laptop, anyway? And if you have any questions about the tentacles, let me just say, in Japan it's considered an art form!«
Sam doesn't want to fight. He just wants the noise to stop, both inside this restaurant and inside his head. So he doesn't tell Dean where to stick it, although he really wants to. He leaves for the bathroom, lingers over the faucet and washes his hands for a long while. As he catches himself in the mirror, he marvels at the tiredness in his face.
"Oh yes, right, I forgot. But you can come after work, right. Since you don't need to drive up there."
Dean is glad that they’ve split up. Splitting up is always a gamble, but, really, so is staying together. After the awkward drive to school, it’s just good to be alone.
"No, I know he takes great care of her. There's just-” Sam wrestled for the right words. "The two of them together can just be a bit of an explosive combination. I feel like every time she spends the day with him, or even if they're together for just a few hours, she becomes really different, you know? She gets this weird supercharged energy. And I guess I shouldn't mind, but it's just ..."
"Well, things from the bunker." He shrugged. "Nothing that could do any real harm. A tooth of a basilisk, a vase from the Ming Dynasty - things like that. Bella was right, there is a huge market for magical artifacts." He sighed and rinsed a plate for the second time. "I'm not really proud of it, you know? But what else was I supposed to do? I'm telling myself that it's okay because I'm doing it for Charlie. I could never earn enough by doing regular work to afford this life for her - and still take care of her at the same time." He raised his hands to the ceiling of the apartment. “This time I just wanted to get it right and it seems to be working. She likes to go to the courses, she gets along with the other children, she plays the piano and she's doing online university courses in Psychology and Astronomy that she loves." The plate almost slipped out of his wet hands." She deserves to be happy for once. The last year has been tough for all of us."
The room is surprisingly modern, the interior tasteful and personal - and nothing obviously deity-like about it.
"What is wrong with Charlie?" Sam managed to say. It was good that there was something concrete he could hold on to.
Dean clears his throat. His left hand touches his shoulder, where the skin is smooth now. His right hand kneads the t-shirt.
It feels nice and he doesn’t want to ruin it, so he lets him. He doesn’t say that he’s pretty sure Castiel got it wrong.
"You broke up with him because of them, didn't you? I think then the two should at least own up to it. The way they are right now... it's just kind of ridiculous." She shook her head. "He takes Cas away from you and then he acts like nothing's happened? Not like that's the only thing I don't get about Sam. He always makes me so, ugh, so angry."
She didn't look up from the screen, although so far only the opening credits were running and a number of professors were being listed who had been consulted for the accuracy of the documentary.
It’s not like Dean’s way of dealing with things. Sam does this for his own and everyone else’s good. If he can just go to sleep now, tomorrow will be fine, and he can be normal. This is a rational thing. Normal people take sleeping aids.
Castiel turns his head and catches his gaze. He smiles at him, a full and proper smile across his face.
Sam suddenly realizes in the midst of their musings on dancing that he’s not fully dressed yet. He gives Castiel an apologetic smile, before heading to the chair near the desk, where he’s laid out his fresh clothes.
»The Segaki Bobby's preparing isn't meant to kill the Gaki, but to free her from the hunger and suffering. I feel a bit bad for her. She can't really help it...«
"So here's what I don't get: You can't eat one measly pancake but you drink coffee like there's no tomorrow."
much too cold to be crouched down in the snow, wearing nothing but a shirt. No jacket, gloves or hat.
"I didn't know he owed other people money too," she says, an apologetic tone to her voice. They all sit so close that Dean's legs bump both against hers and Castiel's under the table. Neither move away, but then there's not really any room to move away to.
He stayed where he was, near the house, and turned his head upwards. The sky was grey rather than white. Somewhere in the corner of his vision there was a bright spot where he suspected the sun to be much too cold to be crouched down in the snow, wearing nothing but a shirt.
Patrick, the eldest son, appeared in the door. "Dean!” He beamed until he noticed his parents. "Urgh, kissing." Then he was gone again as suddenly as he’d come.
Castiel is already at the door when he turns to Dean once more. "The hunter," he says. "Who is she?"
"Yes," Castiel replies, "we talk about plenty of other things. But considering Sam's situation, it isn't strange that we spend a lot of time talking about him right now. If you were unwell, we'd be talking about you instead."
Her voice sounded higher than usual and euphoric in a deeply human way that reminded Castiel of radio presenters on stations Dean had always skipped because he found the chatter "fucking unbearable". That had been long ago. When there had been only the two of them. Back when Castiel had considered Sam only as an anomaly and as an appendage to his brother. His eyes jumped from Sam to Dean. He didn’t know who he felt more apologetic towards.
"Don't put yourself in danger." Sam looked at the child in his arms. "You know that Charlie needs her uncle."
"You seem troubled." Castiel stroked over his bare shoulder. "If you're worried that you might be pregnant again. I can assure you-"
Sam looked at his reflection in the mirror. He shouldn't be jealous. Not of Dean, who had was always there for him. Who was still supportive of him even now. He knew that it wasn't really about Castiel, or about the sex Dean was having and he wasn't. It was about the feeling of belonging to someone, to someone who wasn't five years old.
"Life?" Dean offers with a scoff. "Sorry." He runs his free hand over his face. "Not sure how I got from Sam's devil sex dreams to taking a holiday."
The talk of angels on top of trees had brought a frightened look on Castiel's face. Sam hadn't been able to suppress a snort in response. It had been cute.
The guilty look on Sam's face makes the hair in Dean's neck stand up even before Sam speaks. "No, um, we were thinking of… Castiel mentioned he wanted to go see the Grand Canyon."
Sam straightened the collar of his plaid shirt. It had seen better days and was almost falling apart at the seams. Sam hadn’t really cared that much about his appearance before, but parenthood definitely hadn’t improved his wardrobe.
"When you asked me to stay with you," he eventually says. "Where you asking me to stay permanently?"
"Everyone who's ever given birth to a nephilim has died. What if Castiel's spell and the fact that you are the true vessel of an archangel only slowed it down, but couldn’t stop it?"
"I might be talking out of my ass here, but I just thought you both looked… stable."  She repeats the word. He's wondered before, how people perceive him and Castiel. When Dean is around people hardly notice; there is little to notice. And when they're by themselves in public Sam is very conscious about whenever they slip into something that could be construed as couply. When Sam takes Cas' hand, or the rare times when they kiss with an audience, he always feels more eyes on them then there are. Rationally he knows that if people were staring in irritation, it would most likely just be homophobia. But he's always felt it was something different. Rather as if people were surprised at the both of them together specifically.
Dean watched him cut a red bell pepper now. He played with the tag on his beer bottle. "Apart from all that… You’re feeling okay? You good?"
"Aren't you still in contact with some angels? Maybe someone upstairs knows something we don't." Before Cas can protest, he says: "I know things between you and everyone else have been… weird. I just... it couldn't hurt to ask, right?"
She pressed her chocolate cream smeared face into his clean shirt. She seemed to eat nothing but chocolate cream on toasted bread nowadays. Once he had tried to take the glass away from her after the first piece of toast. “We’re going put something healthy on the next one, alright?”
"Right…" A strangled sound escapes Dean’s throat that makes Castiel want to comfort him. He doesn’t. "But you said you rebuffed him."
"He didn't die today. She just found out today. She made some calls after our visits, made another attempt to find him, and well…" He turns to Castiel. "He died of an overdose."
"Turns out, that's just a misconception. They did some really shoddy research back in the day and people held on to it for ages. Nowadays, we know that a pack of wolves is basically just a family. The leaders of a pack are always the parents and the rest of the pack is made up of their children. But get this: that's not true for werewolves —or vampires, for that matter. A pack of werewolves or a nest of vampires is actually constructed exactly like scientists used to think wolf packs were. Isn't that super weird?"
Dean tasted of beer and desire. The way he often did when he felt the need to push his own thoughts far away. He pressed his forehead against Castiel's, repeating his name once more. "I love you,” he said, hoarsely, like it was difficult for him to say and as if he hadn't spoken those words before.
"No. That I love him. He still exists. It doesn't matter that he might not be there in a physical self, but he still exists!"
"How's the pain?" He asks, as he realizes they’ve been staring at each other quietly for a long time.
"Right," Dean says. "Maybe he got antsy and went inside to look for us. We took quite a long time in there. I’ll go back and check."
Now, he doesn’t so much pray as strongly as he thinks of him. But he’s certain that if it’s physically (and metaphysically?) possible for Castiel in any way to hear him, then he’d understand.
He doesn’t feel angry or upset, but he’s certain he knows what kind of answer he will get. He accepts it.
The smell of Castiel’s hair is clean, crisp, almost odorless. Sam breathes it in deeply, shuddering slightly, as he tries to anchor himself to reality.
»Don't ever do that again!« His chin pressed into Sam's shoulder. »You hear me? Don't ever do that again. Or I'll personally go to heaven and pull your rear end back down here, before I'll give you a good ass whooping."
"In my experience, these kinds of declarations always end with a but, followed by a list of reasons why one oughtn't continue."
This moment of hesitation, Sam thinks, this is a moment as good as any to ask. They should talk about it. It’s only going to get worse with time.
"So, I heard you took my advice to heart, huh?" Dean tries casually, as he starts the engine. "You and Sam, I mean."
The other side of the bed is cold to the touch. Sam looks around the room again. Maybe Castiel has left a note. There's nothing, but Sam notices that his hoodie is missing. He looks in the bathroom and under the bed just to make sure.
"No," Castiel says firmly. "I am not keeping secrets. But I know that both you and Sam would be uncomfortable if I talked too much about issues related to intimacy."
"So what? You were right!" Sam said. "Charlie hated the school, the other kids, and our whole life here." He raised his hands. "My job was boring, my boss was an idiot, the neighbors thought we were weird and the house..." He broke off. "So yeah, you’re right, I failed. Without you and Castiel I'm useless. I can't take care of her myself. Happy now? That's what you wanted to hear, isn't it?"
"She's just so god damn... smart and strong-willed." He shook his head, then put on a shirt and started to button it up. "If she used her skills for something meaningful. She could, I don't know, become the next president or secretary-general of the UN or something." He sighed as he looked at himself in the mirror. "But instead she uses it to find my weakest spots and torture me."
The room had changed again. Sam was now in a hospital bed. Castiel sat silently in a chair while Charlie sat on the windowsill, cooling her cheeks against the window. Sam knew he couldn't reach her now.
"What the hell is going on?" Dean demands to know. "You don't want to tell me where you're going or what you're doing, fine. But you can't just leave me with Sam like this and not explain what the fuck he’s on!"
"Whatever." Dean rolls his eyes just a little, before opening the paper again. He turns it around and shoves it over to Sam. "What do you think?"
“Cas didn't do anything, if that's what you think. He said it's up to me. But Sam claims that I have to grow up first, before I can make such important decisions. Like things are suddenly going to be so different in five years.”
"I'm just..." Sam shrugs helplessly. "What can I possibly say about what happened that makes it okay to you, you know? That I'm sorry? That I screwed up? I don't think there's anything that could make you understand it, so-”
"Come on!" Lucifer jumps off the bed. "You know why I’m still here. You engaged, and boy did you engage." He whistles. "How about another round later?" He eyes the bed. "After you're done with your little 'Nancy Drew meets angelic Hardy Boy' mystery thing. But you know I’m good for those, too."
"You can't do this, Darren, please!" He recognizes the puffy blond curls from the picture; it's the sister.
"Why not? You’re right. I’m going to die anyway. I ran before, but I didn’t recognize you right away. I know who you are. Besides," he looks past Dean at Sam, "this is a pretty interesting situation you got going here."
Besides, nothing had tied them to Seattle anymore after Charlie had dropped out of school. Well, dropping out was maybe the wrong word choice. She had stopped attending classes, but she already had her High School diploma and she had enough credit for college. She'd said there was no point for her to stay and Castiel had been unable to contradict her. He too didn't see any reason for her to continue; it had been Sam's insistence to send her to school in the first place.
They find a bar nearby and sit down at the counter. When the barman comes, he orders whiskey neat, looks at her, and she nods. "What?" she says when he seems surprised. "I like the strong stuff, too. Something wrong with that?"
"I thought about it, it’d be more practical but they -” He stopped. Like he'd slipped. “I mean, I mentioned cutting it off once, and Charlie had a near fit."
"Hey, Dad. Hey, Dad.” Charlie had appeared in the door with Dean. She sounded bored, and only glanced briefly at them, then looked down at the mess on the floor and ran out, down the hall towards her own room.
He could only nod weakly when the plump older man held out his hand and after a while let it drop again, disappointed.
But Dean had interfered. "Really, Sam? When you were a kid you ate nothing but sugary cornflakes. I wouldn’t have dreamt of taking them away from you.“
Sam looked at him with a mix of melancholy and sympathy. "I don't think that's something that ever really goes away."
"Yesterday, when I got your dinner, I saw a coffee shop just down the street," Cas explains. "Their window dressing promised exquisite quality above any competitor’s."
She shrugged. "He says he couldn't hate him, no matter what happened. It's a genetic thing." She shook her head again. "But if I were him, I'd definitely hate Sam. And I'd hate you too."
Castiel reacted for the tiniest moment, before he drew away and shook his head. It wasn’t exactly a surprise to Dean, but it hurt anyway.
Sam watched him leave. He wondered where Dean had been in the past few days. What he had done. And what he was gonna tell Charlie about what had happened.
"That’s it?" Dean sighs. "Look, I appreciate what you’re doing. But I’m fine staying here until we find an actual case."
Sam wanting to take off time is odd. He's a workaholic. Normally, he only ever does it when he thinks Dean needs a break or he's hiding something. Maybe he's sick. Or it's one of these relationship things, wanting time for themselves.
"Don't you wish you could be true to yourself?" She stares into his eyes and leans forwards onto his knees. "Do you want to be really true to yourself?"
"Sorry," she apologizes to Castiel. "I’m not really well-versed in the whole angel thing. Do you guys eat?"
Despite everything else, the implication of a future, a far-off future for them, with ample opportunity for Castiel to change his mind, is heartening.
"I know that it sounds pretty crazy but, yes you are. That's why you were having these migraines and seeing things that are not there and well." She shrugged. "That's why all the demons and other monsters are after you."
Except of course this time Castiel's not that human. He's just a weak full-blown angel. And Dean’s not the only one taking care of him, not by a long shot.
"It’s not crazier than turning into Dracula or a mummy." Sam raises an eyebrow. "If it’s a shapeshifter it could be anywhere by now. It’s not going to be hanging around the school anymore. Why do you want to go back there tomorrow?"
"I am not aware of any wrong-doings on our part in the past years. I don't know what Dean expects me to do. I feel I am behaving as he asked me to, yet he still seems dissatisfied."
"Yeah, sometimes you do. But mostly you'd rather not. And it's not because you don't like the taste." Dean laughs. "Of course not, because bacon is fucking delicious."
"Yeah, absolutely. I mean, you know I love you but I’d never would have wanted to swap places with Sam. Just imagine… No, thank God, Cas didn’t pick me."
"Oh wow. Not sure if that’s the best place to take your cues from when it comes to social interactions."
"I know I did!" She looked up. "I read every book I could find, I talked to everyone in heaven - so stop pretending it's not true! If I hadn't been born you would still be alive."
The sun shone brightly through the dusty windows of the Impala. The first notes of “Good Times, Bad Times” resounded through the car. Dean turned the volume up even higher and started singing along.
Sam emits soft sleeping sounds from the backseat. They make it impossible for Dean to think of this as a private conversation.
Sam puts his hand on Cas’ arm, his brows furrowed. "Why did you go looking for a case? You just got back and you’re still recovering."
"You should talk. I mean, what is wrong with the two of you, that you need me to tell you that? I know Sam always makes everything a lot more complicated than it really is, but you ? I don’t get it with you. Is that some weird angel thing?" He pulls his hand away. "If two people want each other, it’s really simple."
Something feels very off. There's a bang at the door. "Are you okay?" The secretary calls. "Should I call the police?"
Castiel's arms moved around Dean’s neck and pulled him down until their foreheads touched, before he found his mouth.
Sam shifts his weight from one foot to the other. "That's actually when it started." He rubs over his forehead. "I wasn't seeing Lucifer, when I told you to leave without me. I really just wasn't feeling very well, and I wanted to go to bed. I took a sleeping aid, and that's... when he appeared. I thought it was just a bad reaction to the medication. You know, it's a common side effect."
Sam's phone rings. He ignores it at first, focused on the crease on Castiel's forehead, the puzzlement on his face. It won't stop ringing and  he answers. It's Jody. She thinks it could be a deity. Sam listens, asks some questions and thanks her for her help. Deities makes sense. It fits his gut feeling.  There's a memory in the back of his head, a vague notion that he's once killed something that fits the bill. But it's like he's watching scenes from a movie, vague and off-color. He's got a lot of these kinds of memories and sometimes it takes a while to dissect which ones are truly his. He's too tired for this now. And hungry, he realizes. He's not had anything since breakfast. It will have to wait until the next morning. Sam pulls his hand out of Castiel's and goes to brush his teeth in the bathroom.
"Because you..." He shook his head. That wasn't the hill he was willing to die on. What was the point of another fight?
"Yeah, what about me?” Charlie had finished the apple and turned its core between her fingers. "Do you reckon it's gonna be too big of a burden if I find out my uncle is in fact aging? The horror.” She walked over to the trash can, opened it with a tap of her foot and dropped the apple core inside.
He stiffens when Sam puts his arms around his shoulders, pulls him close and lays his head on his shoulder.
Monogamy is definitely a topic Sam needs to raise —how hard could a quick confirmation of exclusivity really be?— but it’s not their only communication hurdle. Castiel isn't always good about voicing his opinions, either. It’s not that he doesn’t have them, but sometimes it takes some coaxing to get them out of him. Sam wonders if it’s a residual side effect of spending eons as an unquestioning soldier. Or if not voicing his opinion unprompted is just part of Castiel’s character.
Dean doesn’t know how to feel about it. He’s already imagined so many happy endings, figuratively and literally, for Cas und Sam. The possibility of nothing coming out of this it all feels novel.
Castiel gets up from the bed and walks towards the other, where Sam is sleeping uneasily. He puts a hand to Sam’s forehead, in the hope that it will calm him enough to last while Castiel is gone. He senses that Sam is both more receptive to him watching over them, as well as more aware of it. It is a strange feeling to be acknowledged in this way, and Castiel thinks it's the main reason why they've been seeking each other's company more and more. Honesty, a feature Dean is sadly lacking in a lot of ways.
"You know,” Sam continues, “I don't think I'd ever truly hated my father before that moment. Like actual full-on hatred." Castiel is still watching him. Sam scrapes the top of his sole over the kitchen floor. "And Dean... I was so angry with him. He didn't even seem to really mind! I get that he was pretty young himself and I know he was always trying to protect me and wanted things to be as normal as possible for me. He wanted me to think our family was... functioning? But to me back then, it was like he was saying it was fine, you know? I felt almost betrayed? That he was saying Dad acting out like this was okay. Dean's always had this tendency to act like everything's great, when the world is falling apart around him."
"You don’t need to tell me any details," said Sam. He was unsure if he wanted to know any or not. "Dean thanked me." His own voice sounded strangely muted in his own ears. "He thanked me for the fact that we both could be with you. Somehow, I don’t know, there was something about the way he worded it, you know?" The pounding in his ears was back. "I don’t feel like I ever agreed to this. But when I think about what I told you, I guess I did. So why do I feel like I’ve been lied to? I don’t have a right to feel hurt."
Castiel is big on free will when it's all talk and big gestures, but Dean is pretty sure he's still most comfortable when there are order and clear rules. When he can just obey commands without having to question them.
"It's not a lie!” Now Dean looked angry too. "You already knew I was teaching her how to shoot. Don't pretend you never told Sam.”
"I'm not saying I buy into it, I'm just saying: What if?" Sam touches his chest. So goddamn earnest. "Maybe whoever is doing this, is doing it to make the world a better place. Maybe it's not working out for a few people, but maybe the net sum is positive?"
When he opened the last door - the office door at his last work place - he entered a narrow corridor and had to shield his eyes from the brightness that surrounded him. Doors as far as the eye could see and there was a small sign on each one, just like on his own.
"Being with someone who's so — " Dean makes a face. "You know." He shuffles his feet. "So hard to read."
"What kind of question is that, Dean? You're scaring me." He wanted to tear himself away, but Dean didn't let go. "We're all living together in the bunker. You and Cas, you both take care of Charlie too, for which I am really grateful for because she can be a handful. And her thirst for knowledge seems endless." He sighed. "I mean, she's only seven for God's sake."
He took a sip from his glass. She looked at him with so much pity in her eyes that he wished he’d kept his mouth shut.
"He's a hunter and a psychopath." Dean pulled out his cell phone and opened the photo of a man who seemed straight out of a romance novel, with his black shoulder length hair and bright big eyes. "Lila sent this picture to Britney to show off. His name is Tony Milton." Dean snorted. "You remember back when I started hunting again?"
"If you remember," Dean says, "I'm not that sold on this case as it is, so I was hardly expecting to run into another hunter."
He stops abruptly. His throat itches. He hasn't had anything to drink all day. Not to speak of food.
Sam blinked at him questioningly, but no further explanation came. As if it were common for Castiel to sneak out of the room in the middle of the night to phone Dean.
"Okay, okay," Dean says, sounding weary. He thinks for a bit. "Forget the two weeks thing. But just give me today to let me wrap my head around it."
"You know..." Sam spoke like he was telling him a secret. "I don't believe in karma, but sometimes I can't help but wonder if this all isn't happening, because – I ruined Dean's life, so maybe this is what I deserve?"
He had liked her family. Her strict but caring parents; her older brother, who had always been critical of Sam; her young, shy sister; and also her grandmother, who had already became slightly forgetful when he'd met her. Sam had been welcomed with open arms, in a way that was only possible in families where no mothers had burned to death on the ceiling.
"This was you, you know." He pointed to the rag in his hand. "You spread this crap all over the floor."
He looks up at Sam and sees someone who's actually going to lose sleep over this, if he's not reassured that he didn't screw up. Scratch that: he's gonna lose sleep over it either way. Cause that's what Sam does. Soak up every tiny bit of criticism thrown his way. And yeah, maybe Dean's the one dishing it out a lot, but he's also the one telling him to stow that crap and move on. It kind of evens out in the end.
Yeah, Dean was drunk, but the way he was holding Castiel... The way he changed their positions and now gently but firmly pressed him against the wall. The care with which he kissed him had little of the spontaneity that the situation might seem to possess at first glance.
When he’d felt close to giving up, his eyes would turn upwards, the angel’s name on his lips before he'd even had a chance to consider what he was doing.
"Charlie mentioned you just got a case in Vancouver right now." Sam still stood at the door. He looked very tired. Maybe it was because of the rain and the darkness framing his face. "And I thought, well, I figured I could come visit." He forced his lips into a smile. "I brought pie."
"There are rumors," she said finally. "But aren’t there always? Hunters like to talk. Especially drunk ones."
"That’s good. Because I love you more than I should. More than is good for me. The fear of losing you all over again keeps me up at night. I couldn’t take it."
"No, Charlie isn't with me. She is in Seattles. She’s at one of her environmental group meetings, I think."
going to be okay, weren't they? "And you'll be fine too. You just gonna need to take a couple weeks off, and then we'll see how it goes from there."
"You wanna go and ask a therapist to reveal confidential files because you got a hunch? Can the FBI do that?"
"Suit yourself, but..." She looked at the clock on the wall. "It's a long drive. Can I at least make you stay for some burgers for lunch? I got some patties in the freezer and I'm having a hard time getting through them on my own."
"I wish you’d believe me," he says into Sam’s shoulder, his arms softly draped around his middle. "I have hope that, eventually, you will."
He felt almost like he was sleepwalking, as he found his way back to his bed, wondering what Castiel had meant by »later«. If it'd meant that he'd be staying for now.
When someone turned the key in the lock in the afternoon, Castiel expected the worst. He had been thinking about sentences with which he could open the conversation with his daughter all day, but the Charlie who now stuck her head into his living room with a happy "Hi Dad!" seemed a completely different person than her evil twin sister from earlier.
"Why?" She had crossed her arms and her face exuded a seriousness that painfully reminded Dean of Castiel. "My seat is in the Baby."
"No. No. It was fine. Just - Your father." He paused, looked at Sam and shook his head. "It was nothing."
"Of course I'm me." Castiel furrows his brows. "Are you worried that you’re hallucinating? I can assure you, you are not. But I’m very sorry about your dream."
It takes a second for Sam to react, before he puts his arms around Castiel's warm torso. He lets his nose dive into his sweaty, messy hair.
"I just," Sam begins and turns his face from Castiel’s worried gaze. He looks around the room. "I just thought I heard something."
Sam knew that deep down Dean could not be satisfied with this situation. That he wanted Castiel for himself, the same way he asked and needed exclusive loyalty from others. From Sam. And from Charlie too.
"I am happy." She took a step back and studied him. "Did Dean manage to talk you into this nonsense? That I’m just trying to relive your glory days? He did, didn’t he?"
"Uh huh," Dean says and turns to pick through a pile of clothes on his bed. "That's really good, Sam. Then you'll still be fine in two weeks from now."
Castiel wished he understood why he was so angry. Sam sympathized with people easily, but this preoccupation with Claire’s well-being still surprised him. He hardly knew her.
Sam had done it; Castiel’s voice too had taken on an irritated tone. They hardly ever fought. And now, the night before their daughter’s wedding, Sam had managed to irritate Castiel. Still a voice inside his head pointed out that it hadn’t really been him who’d started the argument.
Castiel’s still standing in front of the bed, stiff and undecided. Now that he’s seen that Sam is asleep, safe and sound, he takes his time.
He's not sure whether he's glad that Castiel is with him in this or not. Logically, the help of an angel is always a good idea when working on a case. And there's no one more hell-bent on finding Sam and making sure he's okay than the two of them.
He scrubs at them hard, most nights. It makes no difference. After almost every hunt he’s back to square one.
"You’ll be okay," Sam said. "The both of you. You are still so young and you have plenty of time ahead of you. You got an eternity to figure out your lives."
»If you stay like this any longer, you'll catch pneumonia.« He looked at him thoughtfully. »Well… it's your own lungs. Do what you got to do.«
Still. Doing business with a witch had been a particularly stupid idea. But losing a powerful book of spells to get Sam back had seemed a good deal.
He felt like being pushed, but in a good way. "Heaven is not space. Heaven is —As far as I know, there are unfortunately no documentaries that accurately depict heaven. But you'll get to know it one day. It's the most beautiful place there is."
A strange thing about going insane is that sometimes it happens so gradually and organically, you don't notice it happening. You almost forget there was ever a time when you weren't this way. And then there's that lie you tell yourself, that it's going to get better. If Dean's learnt anything in his life, it's that it never gets better. If you're lucky, the next big thing comes along and makes you forget the other crap for a hot minute.
"Oh, I forgot the drinks in the kitchen." He pushed the chair back, got up, and then turned to his daughter. "Do you want some apple juice?"
"Just checking the news, Sam." There's a half-drunk beer bottle on the bedside table. Sam can't figure out where Dean's got it from. They just arrived. Dean picks up the bottle and takes a swig. His duffel bag lies unopened in the middle of the room. Dean looks up. "What do you want?"
"And I know I did," Sam says, softly shaking his head. "But I'm telling you I'm okay now. I'm fit to hunt."
"Yeah, but it's still not gonna bring her back to them, is it? Shit. There are just some people that you lose and you can't ever get over it. You know?"
Even Sam is a little taken aback by Dean's aggression towards her. It's the first full sentences he's heard his brother speak to her.
He considers his brother's profile. Sam's lower teeth scrape over his lip, worry etched in every line of his face.
"I just didn’t want to fight, yesterday. Well, we saw how well that turned out. At least we’re all clear now on the fact that I don’t want to live on a farm."
"You know it's not. But you’ll just have to learn and live with that. Because he’s not going anywhere."
"And as for your father – well, your human father, the one you hate so much? You realize he's dying because of you?"
He poured the dark liquid into the glasses and returned to the table. Charlie was just about to empty the small pan onto Castiel's plate. She watched her father expectantly as he brought the fork to his mouth.
Sam turns around, finally fully dressed and with enough space between them that he can breathe freely.
Sam presses his forehead against Castiel's. Up close, staring directly into his eyes, the black and the blue start to merge. "I love you," Sam breathes.
"It wasn't a movie you would be interested in,” Castiel replied, then he added: "You were not here. When Sam asked me if I was interested in accompanying him to the movies, I answered truthfully.”
Of course. He’s being an asshole, and Sam’s still trying to be friendly. It’s infuriating in its own way.
He still gets jealous and hurt. And, in turn, angry and frustrated. He longs for the cathartic feeling of snapping. He resists. He swallows any derogatory comments before they leave his lips. It's a short-lived catharsis anyway.
"Yeah." Dean tries to shake the thoughts off again. This is just Castiel, his best friend, the weirdo angel he definitely knows how to act around. "I'm good. Just tired. I wanted to talk to you about what we're gonna do. About Sam."
Jody returns to the room, and Dean stops talking. He throws Sam a look that says they're far from finished with this talk.
"You know," Castiel says. "There are some powerful crystals. They can be extremely useful tools in witchcraft."
"I just remembered that Charlie emptied her entire box of pens in my room yesterday and of course, she didn't clean it up even though she promised she should, and - well, I feel so damn useless just sitting around waiting for them. But I'm also way too nervous to get any work done. So I might as well do something useful where I don’t need to think.”
He’s wearing an old Bruce Springsteen t-shirt that Dad bought him when he was 18, shortly before he went to college. Dean’s not sure if he’s ever seen him wearing it, but there’s a hole on its right side under Sam’s arm and it looks generally worn-out, so he must have.
Wait. What? Back the fuck up! Castiel blinked, anger flipping a switch inside as he pulled back just far enough to look his older brother in the eyes. “Selfish?
Dean snorted; he couldn’t help it. “I don’t think things could get much worse.” He said, meaning it. He was already a victim of kidnapping and trussed up like a Thanksgiving turkey, what else could there be? He wasn’t stupid, he knew on a deeper level things could get way, way worse than they already were but wasn’t ignorance bliss? And beyond that it wasn’t exactly like he could do a whole hell of a lot to improve things with his arms chained behind his back.
He thinks, reigned to his fate, as he squeezes his eyes closed. It won’t hope--nothing will--but he doesn’t want to see. He feels shut down, checked out. It’s like his brain and his will to protest has up and gone leaving nothing but a broken shell behind. As he feels Castiel settle into place behind him, his heavy body draping over Dean he wonders what will be left of him afterwards. If there will be anything left worth saving. . .
“You…don’t remember?” It’s Hannah who breaks the silence, their voice filled with trepidation. They turn wide eyes on Dean, their face set into a frown. “I found you in the omega restroom...” They begin, gaze darting from Dean to Gadreel, who pushes off the wall to come closer to the couch Dean’s laying on. “You were unconscious. I-I…
Dean yelped at the sudden bite and tried to squirm away to little avail. There was nowhere to go on the bed with Cas’ heavy weight slowly pressing him into the mattress. How is this his life? He wonders, caught somewhere between horrified and resigned. He can’t believe his family thinks he ran off with
Seeing the way Benny was eyeing him with something akin to sympathy, Dean hunched down into himself and settled for glowering. “You know I gotta go back in today.” He finally said, voice subdued and filled with the exhaustion he was feeling. “I’ve already been gone eight days, anymore and we’ll get behind more than just one episode.”
The nurse eyeballed him like he was a particularly interesting bug before finally nodding her assessment. “Just see that you do.” She told him, her gaze softening as she looked past him at the closed door to Dean’s room. If Sam didn’t know better he’d swear she was staring through the door with the way her dark gaze was fixed upon it. “Your brother needs you here.” She told him after a moment, turning to look at Sam in the eyes. “He’s been through a lot, your brother, and he’ll need all the help he can get in the coming days.”
“I already know how this works!” Cas snapped, suddenly angry with the whole dog and pony show. He knew what he was doing; it was better to just get on with it. “You get my soul and I get ten years.”
His mind is a whirlwind. He doesn’t fully need to remember what happened to know that he probably had it coming for some reason. Maybe he was too mouthy, or maybe Cas simply needed something to hit and Dean was in the wrong place at the right time. Who knew? The whole point was it’d happened and there was nothing Dean could do about it now.
“Beer glazed meatballs?” Dean parroted, perking up in interest. The surest way to get him to go along with anything was to involve food. Dean had always loved to eat even from when he was a young pup and he loved finding new things to try. “Sounds like a good plan to me!” Suddenly the thought of going to a bar/club sounded way more appealing.
. The blood drained out of Gabriel’s face so fast his head spun dizzily, and for a few heart-stopping seconds there Dean’s profile went worryingly blurry. It was horrifying enough to relive through Asmodeus’ torture while dreaming but to have an
Is she doing the right thing? She wonders as she stops and leans against the steel door once she’s shut it on the room. She doesn’t have a clue but for better or worse she’s determined to see this through until the end. Frown deepening, she pushes off the door and goes to see where Castiel is hiding. He has some explaining to do.
His inner voice taunted to which Castiel shuddered. Unlike the dream-like quality to the world around him he remembered Hell perfectly. The screams, the pain, the promise of relief if he’d only listen for the first time in his life… Castiel shuddered again, distraught, and was horrified to fill the tell-tale feel of tears burning in his eyes. Gabriel would tease the heck out of him, he thought, as he blinked rapidly in a last ditch effort to delay the inevitable. Though on second thought, when the horrendous images didn’t fade from behind his eyes, Castiel wondered if his brother actually would tease him. For all his faults Gabriel wasn’t one to kick a man when he was down, and at the moment Castiel considered himself pretty far down.
The strange woman was a good head shorter than Castiel with pale skin, wavy dark hair and equally dark eyes as she looked him over. It was like looking at a shark that had found its next meal, and an unsettled feeling rose up in Castiel’s gut underneath her gaze. She wore tight black jeans, black boots, and a black leather jacket over a purple shirt; had this been another time and place she would have been the type Castiel would have tried to pick up. As it was her beauty barely registered as the hunter watched the way she tilted her head back and laughed.
He wastes no time in crossing towards the Omega marked door. Thankfully it’s unlocked, and he’s already unzipping and pulling himself out as he goes, beelining straight for the row of urinals along the wall. The relief is ecstasy and he can’t help closing his eyes as a groan bubbles up from his throat.
weird.” He admitted after a beat. “I don’t know man, there’s just something about Cas that I can’t get out of my head!” He meant that quite literally since he’d been thinking about the alpha nearly non-stop since he’d woken up this morning. “We had a good time last night.” That wasn’t even a lie--while things had started off a tad rocky the night had gone surprisingly well. Dean figured some of that had to do with the blonde ale Castiel kept supplying him with as well as the awesome food. Dean wasn’t ashamed to admit he’d actually had a dream about those meatballs, they’d been that damned good!
?!” Sam mutters to himself, completely gob smacked. He approaches the tarp cautiously; just because he’s a giant of an alpha doesn’t mean he’s dumb. He’d rather not have to explain to the local ER, or worse, to Ruby, how he got rabies or some other infections disease from some wild animal. The closer he gets the more obvious that there's something hiding under the tarp becomes. It's a big lump, maybe a dog or an extremely large cat. Whatever it is has been making near continuous whimpering little grunts of pain like it just can't seem to stop. He finally pauses when he draws up beside it, one hand fumbling in the pocket of his hoodie for his phone. The smart thing would have been to call animal control to come deal with this, but ah well. It's too late now and since he's here he might as well see what he's dealing with. One large hand comes down to grasp the edge of the tarp where it'd been blowing loose in the wind, and with a deep breath, Sam pulled.
Later, as it turns out comes and goes without Dean ever being aware of it. Sleep has become his safe haven, his refuge, and he’s barely surfaced from it. Why should he? Better to sleep than suffer, he thinks, drifting back under without fully being awake.
He thinks as he squeezes his eyes shut and tries his best to melt into the not cool enough flooring.
“Dean!” He finally breathes out, horror and relief all wrapped around that one word as he falls to his knees beside his brother’s body. Sam wants so badly to touch him, but he doesn’t.
He was getting nowhere and finally he simply chose. Cleaning up the mess from the night before seemed to be the best course of action if only because Dean couldn’t imagine Cas being pleased if it wasn’t. Decision made, he didn’t give himself time to think about it. As quietly as he could he slipped from the bathroom into the bedroom. Eyes locked on the still-sleeping alpha he edged his way towards the door, not bothering to grab clothes as he went. What was the point when he would just be getting them dirty? And besides it was his own damn house so if he wanted to walk around naked he could. With one last glance at Castiel he slipped through the door and out into the hallway.
Dean sighs and closes his eyes, weary beyond words. There’s too many questions with not enough answers and he just can’t take it. He longs for a warm bed with his comfortable nest and for the rest of the world to just go away. Is that too much to ask?
“Dean! Are you okay?! What the hell happened!?” Sam squawked, horrified. He stood frozen with one hand still poised where he had been knocking on Dean’s door. When his brother hadn’t showed up for work he had expected to find him in bed sick...not like this! Dean was sweating and pale, dressed only in a pair of faded plaid boxers and a ratty gray bathrobe. While that was mildly alarming (because really, Sam didn’t want to see his brother in boxers thank you) the large purplish bruise stretching across Dean’s torso was horrifying. The matching purple black eye was just icing on the cake of ‘what the actual fuck’ running through Sam’s head.
“It looks closed.” Dean spoke up for the first time since they’d left the car. He looked unruffled as he always did but the way his gaze slowly traveled around the mouth of the alley proved otherwise. There was a frown on his face, indicating he didn’t like whatever he was sensing. Castiel looked down the alley as well but he didn’t see anything and gave it up as angelic abilities. “What is it?” He asked, unable to help himself.
While the omega weights far less than Meg would have guessed he’s nothing more than dead weight. She struggles under his bulk and knows she’ll be feeling the burn in her back for a couple of days afterwards as she hauls him across the room. Thankfully it’s a short few steps to the tub and though she tries to be gentle about it Meg ends up dropping Dean mostly into the cold water. “Shit!” She yelps, struggling to right him before he ends up drowning in the few inches of water that’s accumulated.
he’d see about finding Gabriel. As Castiel made his way back to standing again he had to wonder what Gabriel would think about the situation Castiel was now in. He’d been in Hell...and now he wasn’t. That alone came with an entire barge full of questions, but the main one that kept circling through Castiel’s mind was
It feels like a blink of an eye passes—one moment Dean’s drifting in a not-quite-asleep haze and the next he’s blinking a shocking bright light out of his eyes and grumbling incoherently at whatever the source is.
“Sure brother, whatever you say,” Benny says but his subtle calming scent is shot through with gratitude, and there’s no hiding the grin splitting his face underneath his beard. “Are you ready to go then?”
Dean cringed again, though this time for an entirely different reason. Even still partially blinded by the light he knew that voice--John-- and it wasn’t one to be trifled with. John was one of the older angels and the leader of Dean’s current garrison. He had a reputation for ruling with an iron first and brooking no disobedience from those under his command. Dean hadn’t worked all that closely with him in the past, a good thing indeed since Dean seemed to have a knack for annoying him far more than anyone else. That he was here in the throne room waiting for Dean spelled disaster with a capital ‘D’, and not for the first time Dean found himself wishing he’d flown for it when he had the chance.
Eventually he had to move. It had been long enough his legs had locked up under him, his knees stiff and unyielding. It was a slow way up but he made it...only to nearly go down again at the unexpected sound of an unfamiliar voice speaking up behind him: “It’s about time!”
He isn’t, not really, but Dean buries his discomfort down deep and doesn’t quite have to fake the smile that crosses his face when he looks back to Benny. “Yeah, let’s do it.” He says, slapping both hands down on his thighs before he finally pushes his way to his feet. Dean wobbles for a second once he’s standing—a sure sign he’s not as fine as he pretends to be—but he ignores it and forces himself to walk down the sidewalk to where the SUV is parked. “You coming?” He calls over his shoulder, pausing with one hand resting on the still-open door to turn around to look at Benny.
?! “I’m just a joke to you, is that it? You get your rocks off kidnapping people? You that hard to please or what?” His voice rose with his anger. Dean wanted nothing more than to storm over and strangle the alpha despite the fact he couldn’t bound as he was. “You’ve gotta be fuckin’ kidding me!”
He certainly hoped so at least. Hopefully Castiel would take the cleanup as a sign of contrition and would forgive him….
He whined, lowering the bag as he slowly made his way into the room. “You two couldn’t have waited until later? You knew I was coming back!” He huffed out a dramatic sigh as he crossed the room to the small table and chairs in the corner, carefully not meeting either one of their eyes. If he did it’d be game over, for Gabriel sucked at keeping a straight face, especially when he was as pleased as he was now. It was a little weird to know his brother was hooking up with an angel but Gabriel found he was getting used to it. The week spent in the hospital as they recovered from the incident at the Inferno had opened his eyes to a lot of things, most notably the way Dean and Castiel gravitated towards one another like they were the only two in the world. It was fascinating and disgusting in the way young love often was and Gabriel was all down for it--just not when it was impacting his mealtimes.
of all people. She’d been a blonde, green-eyed omega Dean had ran across on a trip to Texas roughly six years ago. They’d had a very bendy night of fun together but that’d been all there was to it. She’d wanted to see what it was like being with a male omega and Dean wasn’t above being a test subject. They’d parted ways amicably, though Dean had tried giving her his number before she left. She’d laughed but had bought him breakfast as an apology before quietly slipping away. Dean hadn’t seen, or heard of, her since.
He thought hysterically, brain caught between remaining frozen and wanting to spiral in a million different directions at once. Of all the ways he had imagined his possible death, it coming at the hands of a madman hadn’t reached the top ten. At best Dean had always figured a car wreck or too much bacon consumption would do him in. “L-let’s not get hasty…” He hedged, eyes never leaving the gun. Shit! What the fuck was he going to do?
While the sun was shining high in the sky and the day was quite warm Castiel felt nothing but cold as he stared up at the neon INFERNO sign. Due to the time of day it was off as the club was closed yet the knowledge didn’t make him feel any better about this whole thing. He’d been all for taking down Asmodeus and the club but now that they were there staring it down the doubts were starting to resurface. Suddenly their half baked plan to go storming the place seemed like a very bad idea indeed. He knew they had no choice given they were possibly outnumbered and outgunned but Castiel didn’t feel good about any of this. He did his best to make his face into something resembling neutral as he looked back at Gabriel and Dean. “What do you think?” He asked, reluctantly taking point because someone had to and Gabriel looked about three seconds away from bolting.
As he wakes more he can tell it isn’t a dream--that’s actual chicken noodle soup being held a good foot away from his face. It’s been so long since he had anything to eat Dean doesn’t know whether to laugh or to outright cry. “T-ttt-tease!” He stutters out, swallowing hard as he adjusts to a tongue that feels way too big for his mouth. What he wouldn’t give for just a small sip of the soup to ease the dryness in his mouth…
“Thanks.” Dean mumbled wetly; voice clogged to almost nonrecognition. “For the soda and ice... I appreciate it.” He did too despite not showing it very well. He kept his head bowed and the tears continued to fall.
By the time Castiel stopped Dean could barely breathe, let alone take in enough air to reply. His head and arms were a mass of throbbing that his brain could hardly make sense of. Dean wheezed out a breath and tried his damndest to curl up despite not being able to move. Pain shook him to the core and he whimpered and groaned, unable to do anything else.
Sadly, all that is just the tip of the iceberg as far as Dean’s injuries go. Sam was fairly sure he was being kept in the dark about most of them but he had a sick feeling it extended far beyond the identical bloodied bruising around his both of his brother’s wrists. The worst of it, in Sam’s opinion, is the large swath of bandages covering near the entirety of his brother’s neck on the left side. Sam hadn’t gotten to see what laid underneath those bandages though he had a pretty good idea and it painted a picture he didn’t want to think about, let alone see. Sam growled low in his throat; hackles raised as he envisioned what he’d do to the bastard alpha who dared harm Dean. Just from what he’d seen alone he was ready to tear the offending alpha limb from limb without thinking twice.
Plus, something still needed to be done about Castiel. The alpha had finally given up calling--something Dean suspected he could thank on his full voicemail--yet Dean wasn't ready to face him. He didn't know how that would work out once they both returned to the set on Monday morning but Dean was willing to shelve thinking about that until Sunday night at the earliest. Realistically Dean knew he couldn't hide in his house and ignore this forever but he was sure as hell willing to give it a try! At the absolute very least he was giving himself the weekend to lick his wounds in private.
do when face to face with the demon again? The sheer thought made him want to puke which was hardly an intimidation factor. Well, he supposed puking could be one if he aimed for the demon’s snow-white shoes. . .
***If there's enough interest I may post some timestamp/one-shots from this verse down the road somewhere that didn't make it into this story.***
That’d been all fine and dandy as far as Dean was concerned; he’d enjoyed the club every time they’ve come here but as one hour turned into two turned into three it was starting to get old. So was Cas’ tendency to get sloshed and flirt with every person that came within arm length, be they alpha, omega, or beta. If that wasn’t irking enough the fact that Castiel had kept one hand clamped down on Dean’s thigh like he was a prize to be potentially stolen away was just icing on the cake. It had taken a good hour just for Dean to convince the alpha that he needed to piss, and no he couldn’t wait any longer.
Before Castiel could open his mouth to reply, and quite possibly launch into a tirade that would eventually turn into a fight, it was Dean who spoke up from the back seat: “What’s a dirty diaper look?” The angel asked, looking curiously between the brothers, hoping one of them would elaborate. He was still sitting stiff and proper in his seat but his green eyes sparkled with curiosity. Both brothers in the front seat froze and stared at each other for a long beat before they both burst into laughter. Dean blinked at them, stunned and curious in equal measure.
Castiel huffed as he maneuvers past the crowd to reach the parking lot in the back. “It’s much better on the inside, I promise.” He says, distracted with finding a parking space. “Have you ever heard of the phrase ‘don’t judge a book by its cover’? It’s basically the same thing. Ah!” There was an empty spot towards the back of the lot.
It was a cowardly move, Dean thought as he drifted back towards the Earth, but he couldn’t be roused to care. Doing a job well that he hadn’t particularly wanted in the first place was one thing but the reception he’d just gotten was absurd. So he’d saved a human, so what? It wasn’t like it changed anything, at least nothing Dean could see. Despite that Dean found himself flying back to the area where he’d buried the human. He hadn’t intended to return but since going back home wasn’t an option at the moment, why not?
“Why?” Sam challenges, sticking his chin in the air. As far as he’s concerned Castiel’s gotten exactly what he deserved after what he did to Dean. “He hurt you, Dean! You
His gaze scans the tag and it’s like the words unlock something in his brain. “I…know…you…” He manages to get out; the words little more than a rasp forced through his bone-dry throat. As fucked up as the whole situation is, and he suspects it’s even worse than he’s visualizing, it’s somewhat comforting to realize he knows someone here with him.
!” The first voice exclaimed, sounding distressed. “Are you kidding me?! THIS is your ‘little secret’?!” The voice rose in pitch, bordering on hysterical. “Please tell me this is your form of a sick joke.”
“What do I do?” He whispers as he kneels there, unable to look away from Dean’s body. His brother has no answers, just whimpers and shivers in pain Sam can’t even begin to comprehend. It breaks something deep within the alpha’s heart, to see his omega brother hurting so bad, and with great reluctance he forces himself back to standing. He pulls his phone out of his pocket, and sparing one more glance at Dean, he walks a few steps away. His fingers dial on autopilot since most of his attention is still firmly on Dean, and Sam feels ready to cry when the voice in his ear announces: “911 What is your emergency?”
Gabriel’s face hardened though the look in his eyes was nothing short of haunted. He didn’t say anything for several long seconds and the sudden silence between them was suffocating. “Believe me when I say you don’t want to know.” He finally said at last in a broken quiet voice that Castiel had never heard before. “I’m serious Castiel; you really don’t want to know.”
He’d just finished deciding when the waitress bustled out of the back, and having spotted him, came harrying over. The waitress was young with dark eyes and bright blue dyed hair that's been pulled back into a messy bun. She looked about as tired as Gabriel felt, though she managed to give him a smile nonetheless. “What can I get you?”
“I--you--the fuck!” Sam spluttered, his face turning red in part to his rising anger. He couldn’t believe this! His brother was quite obviously injured, and he was lying to him to boot! “You’re impossible!” He finally huffed, pissed. “You aren’t fine! You can’t even stand up straight!”
The checkered laminate tabletop was slightly sticky and held the faint scent of lemon-scented cleaner. There was a laminated sheet of paper serving as a menu upon it and Gabe picked it up, looking over the options. The place seemed to have the standard diner fare; a mix of breakfast and dinner options, and full of grease. Toss in an extra large cup of coffee—which yes, they did have—and it was perfect.
Was she seeing this right? Meg blinked at the back of Dean’s head, stunned into silence. In all the ways she had pictured things going she never would have imagined Dean would flat-out refuse to take the soup. “Dean, c’mon…” She sighed as she sat the bowl down on the floor beside her. “I know you gotta be hungry.”
Dean wondered as he dropped his head down onto the window. The cool glass pane was soothing against his hot skin and he sighed into it. This whole thing was such a mess yet he didn't have a clue as to what to do about it. What
Apparently, it’s good enough because the woman leans back out of his personal space and beams at him like he’s a kid who just said his first word. “There you are!” She exclaims softly, nearly bowling Dean over with her relieved scent.
Oh, if only he knew. It was tempting, right at the tip of her tongue to tell him everything, but Meg refrained. Dean would find out in his own time just how much worse things could get. As for Meg? Well, she’d be there to clean up the mess when the time came. “You’ll see.” She said cryptically, looking Dean in the eyes. “You’ll see.” He would, soon enough.
“Is he awake?” Meg’s voice pipes up from somewhere behind Dean. She sounds further away than Hannah which doesn’t make sense to Dean. His brow furrows as he tries to figure it out but he keeps getting distracted by Hannah. The careful petting feels so nice after being manhandled for so long that Dean keeps melting into it. He sighs softly, eyes fluttering closed.
Castiel simply watched the interaction between his brother and his angel, caught somewhere between annoyed and amused and landing more firmly in fond territory. While he hated his brother’s annoying cracks and comments he was beyond grateful that he was there to make it. Things with Asmodeus had been dicy and Castiel knew if it hadn’t been for Sam and Garth’s good timing at showing up none of them would have made it, especially Gabe. The sight of his brother laying so still and pale in a hospital bed hadn’t receded from his mind in the intervening weeks, not that Castiel had shared that tidbit. He’d tell Gabriel eventually--because sooner or later his brother would suss it out of him--but for now he was willing to simply bask in the contentment. “It’ll be nice to have you stay around,” He said to Dean, fully ignoring the look on Gabriel’s face as he unwrapped his burger. Things had been surprisingly quiet for them as well and not for the first time Castiel let his mind wander to all the things he could share with Dean in the meantime. While it hadn’t come as a surprise to either him or Gabriel to find out Dean hadn’t been on Earth much before it’d made the brothers more determined to show him everything they could. Castiel chewed as he thought about it; perhaps they’d be able to talk Dean into going to see a movie before he had to leave again. Castiel had always wanted to try out that old cliche about making out in a dark movie theater...
Before he could decide on whether to go up or down his stomach gave a loud rumble that dully echoed in the huge space. “I guess that answers that,” he muttered to himself as he moved towards the staircase leading downwards. The idea of eating while Dean was still unconscious in his room made Sam’s stomach twinge unpleasantly.
...What had he done? The stoic side of him crumpled like a house of cards as the full weight of what Castiel had just done bore down on him. He’d literally sold his soul to the devil, and what was he getting in return? A year. Three hundred and sixty five days in which to try to explain to Gabriel just why he’d done what he did.
have things to say. Until then he continues the struggle; his hands scrabbling for purchase on the urinal, on the wall, or any fucking thing he can use to push back with but there’s nothing. With the way he’s awkwardly bent and Castiel’s weight an unmovable force behind him there’s simply nowhere to go until the alpha decides to release him. It takes surprisingly less time than Dean thinks it should to realize he should give up.
Hell was exactly like Dean’s worst nightmares and in the moment he didn’t know if he found the knowledge more horrifying or hilarious. Unlike the bright purifying light of Heaven, Hell was a dank, dark pit filled with fire and brimstone and clouded over with thick black smoke. All that was imposing enough, but what was worse was the screaming. The ghastly sound rang up from the depths and echoed off every available surface. It was beyond horrible and Dean could feel his seconds, Sam and Garth, trembling behind him. Dean didn’t blame them; if there had been any way to get out of this while saving face he would have already turned and fled for it. How were they supposed to lay siege to this? Much less do it successfully enough to rescue one damned soul?
Gabriel. Castiel’s eyes misted over without his permission and he thought he heard someone whimper but he just didn’t give a damn. He clung back to Gabriel all the same and didn’t deign to answer; they both knew what he’d say anyway.
Gabriel lurched upright with a gasp, knees drawing instinctively towards his chest as he realized he wasn’t in the car. As the darkness around him settled into coherent shapes it became apparent that he was, in fact, in the crappy motel room he and Cas had picked when they stopped for the night. The sheer relief was invigorating, washing away the lingering fear from the dream as he looked towards the other side of the room. There, sprawled out on the other bed and half buried under a mound of blankets was Castiel. The knot of tension that had built up in Gabriel’s chest deflated at the sight as he let out a whooshing breath.
It took a long, long time for Dean to even think about moving again. His mind was blank as he carefully uncurled; his body stiff and cold from laying on the floor. Since he couldn’t use his hands it took a while, but eventually, with the help of the bed, he made his way to standing. From his new position the bedroom looked smaller. He couldn’t test it, obviously, but he was sure he could reach the exposed beams of the ceiling with his hands if they were freed.
want to witness that! “P-p-ple-eeease!” He gasped out, his words muffled by the tears that were flowing hot and fast down his face.
of bruises and Dean feels his heart drop somewhere in the vicinity of his knees just by looking at his reflection. Holy. Fucking.
WARNING: This chapter included non-con and rape! Also includes implied watersports and panic attacks.
Case in point: Benny had just pulled up, and while Dean hadn’t moved an inch from where he’d stationed himself on his front steps with his head in his hands, he could tell the beta was smiling. It was just the way the man was; even Dean’s grumpy ass wasn’t going to change it.
The phone began buzzing again and Dean had to bite back a scream of frustration. He wanted to throw the phone out the window for all the good it would do him. Logically Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to avoid Castiel forever. Not only would he have to see him the next time he went in to work but the alpha knew where he lived as well. There just wasn’t any escaping which was more than frustrating.
side after all--the look on his face made Gabriel pause. “What’s up?” He asked lightly, though there was a part of him that was already dreading the answer. He should have known better than to think the angels were there for a social call--they didn’t have the attachment Dean did to the hunters.
Castiel didn’t know how long he knelt there in the dirt; time seeming to blur around him. Nothing, however, happened. Absolutely nothing. A lifetime of growing up with horror stories about selling your soul to the devil at the crossroads and nothing was happening! Castiel didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry; he was fairly sure once he started either one he wasn’t going to be able to stop. What the hell? Or well, why the lack of hell? Castiel had heard the stories, he’d met demons, so why wasn’t this working?
“Oww!” Dean whined, still more asleep than awake, though that was rapidly changing. He didn’t recall what had hit him but whatever it was must have been a doozy! His head throbbed with a deep penetrating pain that seemed to go straight through him to his spinal cord. “Ugghh…” He groaned, feeling sickened.
Dean wonders next; his panted breathes sounding loud and heavy in his ears. Sadly, there are no answers. There’s just the feel of his jeans and boxers being shoved further down his legs.
It takes an eternity, Dean will recall later, but finally with a final loud grunt and a surge of hot wetness deep inside that he doesn’t want to think about, it’s over. Castiel collapses above him, a heavy human shaped blanket of satisfaction yet Dean is barely aware of it. He feels separated from everything—his body, the entire situation. It’s safer this way, he thinks dully, perhaps he can stay this way forever; hiding behind the haze of cotton whiteness that has risen out of nowhere….
Above him, Meg pauses in her petting to glare up at the pinhole sized camera lens she knows is nestled in the corner near the ceiling. It’s positioned to show the entirety of the bathroom, and thus has a great view of Dean’s suffering. Meg glares at it angrily, a bit of her heart going out to Dean’s distress despite herself. She knows Castiel is no doubt watching from the safety of their bedroom across the house and she wants him to get a good look. “Help him!” She mouths wordlessly, angrily, despite knowing Castiel won’t. He’d made his views on it quite clear when he’d finally came stumbling back to their room last night.
He got out of the car, completely oblivious to the way his back twinged after sitting so long. His mind was a churning mess of ‘Gabriel. I have to save Gabriel’ as he rounded the car towards the trunk. Popping the lid he dove into nearly a lifetime of hunter paraphernalia as his hands worked automatically. It took a surprisingly long time and yet no time at all before Castiel found himself marching to the center of the crossroads with what amounted to his life in his hands.
He told himself, though the realization fixed nothing. The fear still lingered, sharp and piercing and Gabe knew if he closed his eyes he’d find himself right back there again. Groaning softly to himself he scrubbed at his face with one hand as he tried to figure out what to do. Going back to sleep obviously wasn’t an option, and as much as he wanted to, waking Castiel wasn’t one either. His brother could be a real dick when he didn’t get enough sleep and after the past few days that they’d had Gabriel was loath to interrupt his rest. That only left one option then: he needed a drink. Preferably, several of them.
While Dean doesn’t think a lot of time passes between closing his eyes and opening them again, he realizes some must have for Meg is standing in front of him, a frown fixed firmly in place. She looks like she just rolled out of bed in a pair of bright blue bumblebee patterned pajama pants and a darker blue Wayward tank top. Just the sight of her crumbles the last of Dean’s willpower, and without his consent, he bursts into tears and leans towards her seeking comfort. If his arms were free he’d be reaching out like a toddler wanting a hug. He should be humiliated, he knows, but he can’t find it in himself anywhere to give a damn. Meg’s been nothing but soothing towards him and for once in his life Dean’s willing to ask for the hugs and loving he so desperately needs.
Dean cackled; his work was done here! He reached out, clapping Sam on the shoulder. “Then don’t be a little bitch Samantha!” He laughed, pulling back before he could get decked. “C’mon, we better get a move on or Bobby’s gonna have our heads!” The old man was probably having a fit already even though they weren’t technically late...yet.
“Thank god!” Castiel breathed, slightly alarming Gabriel as he watched through watery eyes as Castiel’s face just crumpled right before him. It was a rare thing to see his brother cry and the fact that he was doing so now ratcheted up his concern to new levels. Castiel notably didn’t answer--if anything it just seemed to make him hunch in on himself as he shook under the force of his sobs.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay.” Meg murmurs above him, her voice soft and soothing. She brings one hand up to stroke through his hair while the other remains firmly around him and something in Dean thaws just being held by her. It’s been so long since he’s had comfort of any kind and he soaks it up like a sponge despite knowing this reprieve is just temporary. He’s not safer with Meg than he was on his own but he’s willing to take the chance now that he’s got it and damn the consequences should they get caught together. Meg seems to feel the same for she makes no moves to pull away, instead snuggles in tighter. “It’s okay,” she repeats over and over like a mantra. “It’ll all be okay, I promise.”
If he’s annoyed by Dean’s clear reluctance, Castiel doesn’t show it. His skin is growing paler by the minute, turning an ashen grey. The look he gives Dean is full of sorrow and remorseful. It’s startling to see and puts Dean on edge more than seeing the gun did. “I’m sorry.” The alpha says, the words barely legible around the blood bubbling up from his lips.
It was so cold. . . Dean thought miserably as he slowly stumbled his way down the dark street. His whole body felt like lead, every step seemed harder than the last. His feet drug, catching alongside every crack in the pavement. He had no idea where he was or even where he was supposed to go. Casting back he vaguely recalled a warm car and Hannah saying something about Sam but everything else was a blur. Most things had been that way since he’d woken--there were large gaps in between moments Dean had little to no context for. Like now. Was Sam out here somewhere? Was he waiting for Dean? It didn’t make sense in Dean’s foggy mind. Did Hannah even know who his brother was? And if they did then surely Sam would have found him by now, wouldn’t he? Dean squinted through the dark but it was impossible to see much beyond his own face. The landscape of empty dark buildings surrounding him seemed to stretch on endlessly leaving Dean feeling more confused than before. He didn’t have a clue as to what time it was but it had to be late given he seemed to be the only one out.
Castiel, for all that he’d been the one to kidnap Dean, had been nowhere to be found thus far. “He’s gotta keep up appearances.” Meg had explained when Dean had asked, and as much as he didn’t want to admit it, the idea was brilliant. If Castiel was at the set when Dean was discovered missing nobody would suspect him. Dean still didn’t know how he was supposed to feel about that but whatever his thoughts had been eclipsed by Meg telling him to feel lucky. “Trust me.” She’d said, her normal tone dropping into complete seriousness. “Be grateful he hasn’t come back yet. You won’t enjoy your stay after he does!” She had left shortly thereafter, leaving Dean to stew on his own.
Dean had expected many things when he returned to heaven but the round of applause that broke out when he strolled through the gates hadn’t been one. He stopped, shocked, as members of his garrison flocked around him with excited faces and wide eyes. Unsure of why he was suddenly the center of so much attention Dean looked up, searching out Sam and Garth’s faces amongst the sea of excited angels. When he finally spotted them he struggled his way through the crowd, still bewildered to what exactly was going on here. “What is all this?” He asked when he was close enough, surprised at how many angels were actually there.
this? It took some skilled maneuvering but eventually he managed to pull a lighter out of his pocket.
“Hey Cas! I got your fav, man! Bacon double cheese---awe man!!” Gabriel exclaimed, hefting the heavy bag from the local burger joint down the road as he pushed open the door to the motel room they were currently staying in. His enthusiasm was short-lived however, as he froze on the threshold at the sight that greeted him. While his brother and his angel had done a heck of a lot of denying--something Gabriel hadn’t bought--nothing quite prepared him to come back from a food run to find his little brother’s tongue down an angel’s throat. At his announcement the two had lept away from each other like they’d been burned but it was already too late--Gabriel was sure he was going to need brain bleach to get that mental image out of his  head!
satisfying about watching an omega squirm underneath him. The rapidly darkening bruises painted Dean’s pale form like a canvas of Castiel’s own making and he felt like he could come just from the sight alone. He exhaled dreamily and reached down to grab Dean’s pathetically flaccid cock with one hand. He squeezed and pulled cruelly, loving the way Dean keened under him. Oh yes, this was perfect! “What’s the matter?” He cooed in mock sweetness as he continued his assault. “Aren’t you enjoying having your cock played with? You told me how much you enjoyed it!”
Dean blinks after her, flummoxed. Meg was an enigma that Dean found he couldn’t quite wrap his head around. She helped him despite being married to Cas… it made no sense to Dean but who was he to complain? He shook his head, determined to ignore the spiraling thoughts for now, and after a quick glance to make sure Meg wasn’t watching he shuffled over to the toilet. Whatever game Meg was playing, if she was playing one, could wait. For now Dean was determined to take whatever measure of comfort he was given.
But what choice did he have? Gabriel was all he had left in this world. Balthazar was family, yes, but it wasn’t the same. Gabriel had been there for nearly all of Castiel’s life; he couldn’t fathom going on without him. What would he even
"You sure you're okay there, brother?" Benny asked as he worriedly hovered while Dean slowly sank down into the comfortable leather of the SVU's backseat. A small whimper escaped him as he settled; Dean hadn't wanted to look but he was about ninety percent sure his ass was one giant bruise after the way Cas had smacked it last night. He’d always enjoyed some pain with his sex, but this was, frankly, ridiculous. He hadn’t felt this bad after Cas had fucked him senseless after the beating last night but he was sure making up for lost time this morning!
A practiced flick of the wheel and Castiel’s confusion only deepened. Through the dim, flickering light he was able to see he was indeed ensconced in wood at all sides, and if he didn’t know any better he’d swear it was a coffin...but that was impossible, right? A cold creeping sensation moved up his spine as he scanned his memory for knowledge of how he’d gotten here, only to fall short. Wherever he was he didn’t remember getting there which meant… Castiel couldn’t even think about it. He became a man enraged, kicking and screaming and clawing at the wood like a wild animal. He thrashed and tossed the best he could in his confinement until he finally hit pay dirt, literally.
He thinks miserably, but his heart isn’t in it. He feels beaten—ha! —and broken so what’s a few tears on top of that? It’s not like they can help, or make it hurt any worse than he does now, so why not?
It was little relief considering the way John was glaring, but Dean was willing to take it. He nodded, gaze traveling over all three of them before returning to Bobby again. “Okay...Why am I here?”
Dean’s brother always seemed to know what to do, he’d surely know how to help him. Hell, just one hug from the giant moose would warm him up! Dean couldn’t help the smile that tugged on the corners of his mouth as he imagined it and of course that was when everything went (more) to hell. He stumbled over an unseen crack in the sidewalk and went sprawling. With nothing there to catch him Dean went down hard. A sharp *crack!* split the air seconds before pain spiked up Dean’s right arm. Nausea followed on its heels and he lost the next few minutes dry retching into the night.
Sam wondered as he stared at his brother’s phone. He couldn’t imagine what could have happened to his brother; Dean had seemed dopily happy with Castiel the last Sam had seen them. Castiel was, as far as Sam knew, okay. The man had been distracted at work earlier, fumbling through the simplest of lines, but he’d been there. Sam stepped away from the car, frowning. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed. It was time to call for help.
Gabriel only hoped the angel was right about that. Until then where was the harm in trusting him? It wasn’t like either Gabriel or Castiel had any solid ideas on taking on Asmodeus and who knew? Maybe having an angel along for the ride would help things run smoother. Finally looking up he shot the angel a weak smile before gesturing to the diner at large. “What do you say we blow this Popsicle stand? If I gotta tell this thing I only wanna do it once and I know Cassie’s going to want to hear it.” Plus there was beer stashed in the trunk of the car and Gabriel suddenly, desperately needed a drink. Or maybe six. Or hell, probably a whole twelve pack!
Benny was a big, burly beta man who was nothing more than a giant teddy bear once one got past his tough looking exterior. He and his alpha wife, Andrea, lived in the next neighborhood over and Dean had become close to them both. Despite Benny’s overly happy attitude that drove Dean crazy most mornings, he was incredibly grateful to call the guy his friend-- especially on mornings like this one when he’d rather just crawl back in bed than deal with the world at large.That didn’t mean he was going to make things any easier for himself or Benny.
“I know you’re awake.” The voice continued on like Dean’s world hadn’t just come to a screeching halt because, what the fuck? His eyes flew open and to Dean’s utter shock there was a woman crouched beside the bed. Wait, when had he gotten into the bed? And under the covers no less? The confusion must have shown on his face because the woman tilted her head back and laughed. The woman was pretty, Dean noted distantly. She had dark wavy hair and pale skin and was wearing an oversized pink v-neck shirt that hung off one shoulder and a pair of black leggings. She sobered up quickly and fixed him with a serious gaze. “I’m Meg.” She said, rocking back on her heels. “I’d offer to shake your hand but that wouldn’t work to great, would it?”
Dean gaped at her, momentarily stunned into silence. He couldn’t believe that they were talking so casual about the fact Castiel wanted to keep him like he was a new puppy or something! “I--what--who
...Until suddenly there was a sharp *CRACK!* that echoed loudly throughout the small box. It made Castiel’s ears ring and he was sure his hands were bleeding but he hardly cared because his work had paid off: the hole had grown bigger and dirt was pouring in more and more. Castiel didn’t know what lay on the other side but surely it had to be better than the situation he was currently stuck in. He didn’t need to think twice: he reached up and began to dig.
Dean thought as he carefully rolled, wiggled, and finally pushed his way up off the bed to standing. The move had been tricky to do at first, and the realization that he’d been there long enough to do so now was sobering. He was trapped like the proverbial rat and it was all his fault.
He thought as his empty stomach gurgled at him. Meg still hadn't brought him any food, citing Castiel's rules but Dean had found a way around it. Sort of. Leaning forwards as far as he could without overbalancing, he stretched until his head came to rest against the cool metal of the sink's faucet. Less than a second later, water began spraying from it and Dean wasted no time in twisting enough to aim his face underneath the deluge. He drank as deeply as he could despite the painful twinge of the cold water hitting his empty stomach. He drank until the water stopped and then finally leaned back, panting. Water dripped down his face and continued on but Dean hardly cared. He took a couple of deep breaths as his body adjusted before he leaned down and repeated the process.
Both alpha’s hit the ground with grunts and it was nothing more than a sheer miracle that the gun didn’t go off when it fell. Sam had the advantage not only in surprise but in sheer size--he dwarfed Castiel as they wrestled for control of the weapon.
“Ah. Ah. Not so fast!” The demon chided, somehow managing to hold up a finger between them to waggle in Castiel’s face. “There’s a catch, don’cha know? You even think about breaking this and dear big brother drops dead just like that!” It snapped to drive the point home. “Same thing applies to him as well; if he or anyone else tries to break the contract he’s a dead man walking and there won’t be any coming back the second time!”
Castiel was fucking with him. Dean shuddered under the irony, not at all amused. He had figured at most Castiel was going to rape him again but this? He hadn’t been expecting this? Through the steadily lessening hazy of drugs he could feel how much the bite marks on his ass stung. Just barely shifting made him hiss through his teeth, and for the nth time Dean had to wonder: why me? What made him so special? He didn’t get it, had never seen what was so beautiful about him that everyone kept praising.
Gabriel tightened his lips into a thin line, watching his reflection in the window do the same. Castiel was right--of course he was--but that didn’t make him feel any better about this. If anything it made him feel worse because deep down Gabriel wasn’t sure he could do this. Could he confront the man who tortured and raped him and manage to kill him? Considering the thought alone made bile crawl up his throat Gabriel certainly didn’t think so. Even with the reassurance from Dean, of whom they’d found out was actually a soldier, he wasn’t convinced. Asmoudeus seemed so much bigger, so much larger than life than all of them. How were they supposed to kill him?
“That’s not all,” Cas tightened his lips together and began shaking his head slightly, looking at the ground.
“Not as priceless as the look he gave me once we were backstage and he got a good look at what was actually around his finger, but still.
Her head began to slowly raise, and when they finally got a good look at her eyes, there was no doubt that she was made from Castiel. Her bright blue eyes were identical to his, shining bright as she looked at Jack.
Dean’s head jerked from Jack over to Cas, and as they made eye contact they nodded and opened their mouths to sing.
Dean choked on his beverage, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand as he shook his head and stood up, turning around so his back was facing her.
“Wait a second,” Sam snapped his fingers before pointing to Cas, “Didn’t you say when you were trying to read her mind, you saw a woman with dark hair and blue eyes?”
“What the,” future Jack responded, taking a few steps back and raising his hand, his eyes beginning to glow as he yanked Joey behind him.
Jack nodded, one side of his mouth winding up into a little half smile as his hand continued rubbing gentle circles on Joey’s back. He looked down at her and his face fell slowly, his brow furrowed as he sighed loudly.
“Where have you been, ol monon?” Cas asked roughly, maneuvering to the side and grabbing Joey’s cheeks.
“Wait Jack,” Sam put a hand on the young man’s chest, then looked over to Dean, “Are we sure this is a good idea? We’re about to bring two very powerful beings together.”
“Seriously?” Sam shouted as he spun around, glaring at Dean for a few seconds before he narrowed his eyes and bent over to form his own snowball. Dean smiled widely before scrambling over to a nearby tree, hiding behind it as a snowball flew directly by his head.
“But now look at you,” Sam reached out and slapped Jack’s shoulder, “You’re the definition of ‘good’ now.”
“For being so goddamn adorable,” Dean replied quietly, then pulled on Cas’ neck to give him a real kiss. Just as their lips met Dean felt a tiny presence on his lap, and when he looked down he was surprised to see Butter carefully walking on his leg, his head tilted to the side.
“Your contractions are only two minutes apart now, Castiel,” Jack held up his phone where he had been timing them for the last several hours.
Dean choked out a quick sob before pulling her head back to his shoulder and closing his eyes. Cas leaned forward and placed his forehead against Dean’s, holding the back of his neck as they cried tears of relief together.
“Something’s in the bunker,” Sam interrupted, standing up from the floor and placing his hands on his hips. Cas’ face instantly hardened as he set down the grocery bags on the table and pulled out his angel blade.
“She was showing me a memory,” Jack smiled fondly, one hand coming up to rub gently along Joey’s back.
Cas took a small step towards her and was surprised when she lifted her arms. He smiled and picked her up, her legs automatically going around his waist and linking behind his back.
“Okay, good,” Dean nodded, clapping his hands together as he looked over at Jack, “What do we need to do?”
“Alright,” Dean agreed before turning back to the door and walking into the hallway towards Jack’s room. Once they reached the closed door and Cas moved to open it, Dean held out a hand.
“You sure?” Dean asked one last time, rubbing his other hand over the top of her hair with a sweet smile on his face.
“Yes you will,” the angel turned and carefully pushed Dean out of the way to scoop the scrambled eggs onto two plates that were sitting on the metal counter. “Although, I do need to talk to you.”
They only finally pulled away when Dean felt Cas’ face contort in apparent confusion. He gave one last peck and leaned back, furrowing his own brow when he saw Cas looking around the room.
Sam turned to Jack and held out the baby, to which the nephilim quickly shook his head with wide eyes.
Sam and Jack watched solemnly from the foot of the bed as Cas’ body remained still, apart from the thrashing caused by Dean’s movement.
“We’ll see, she doesn’t need any nicknames right now,” Dean shook his head as he leaned his head down and rubbed his nose against her forehead, “Except Joey.”
“Oh really?” Cas let out a humorless laugh as he stepped forward, his eyebrows raised, “Have you now?”
just want to—yes dear. Okay dear. No more talking about waxing my pole or beating my meat or wrestling the worm,
Sam furrowed his brow before nodding and sliding out of the booth, pushing the people back to clear a path to the door.
“I,” Dean drew a deep breath, closing his eyes and trying to focus on the feeling of Cas’ hands on his face, “I can do this, I promise, I—“
“So what would you have us do,” Cas tilted his head to the side, “Keep her here and disrupt the very delicate fabric of time and possibly cause yet
“Yes,” Cas responded quietly, his eyes blinking rapidly as he looked around the room, “What…what happened?”
“Apparently, the world wants to know more about me. I’m not entirely sure why, because I’m just some singer from Bumfuck, Kansas—seriously, I can’t swear? Goddamnit. Shit!...Fuck me.
“Almost,” Past Jack held up a finger before bending over at the waist in front of Joey, who was sniffling back tears.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, and when the hunter turned to look at him, Cas had literally the exact same expression that Joey had on her face.
“I don’t know how it’s possible,” Cas appeared to bite the inside of his cheeks, which made him seem much more human than normal.
Once they both grabbed a quick bite to eat at a diner down the road, it was time to head for the woods. They found a small dirt road that led to a marked path, and were grateful to find there were no other cars.
“But you don’t know that for sure,” Dean tilted his chin down to look at Cas through his eyelashes. The angel turned and made eye contact, then rolled his eyes.
“Fuck,” Dean bent over at the waist, trying to suck in a breath although his lungs had stopped working suddenly.
“Here,” Cas carefully maneuvered her tiny body so he could shift her into Dean’s arms, a grin on his face the entire time.
“This child,” Cas pointed to the open doorway before taking a slow exhale, looking straight into Dean’s eyes, “She has my grace.”
“Don’t,” Dean hissed quietly, his head jerking to the side as he glared at his brother. Sam ignored the request and instead took another step forward, bending down and wrapping his other arm around the front of Dean’s chest.
“I,” she paused to sniff, reaching up and wiping the tear with the back of her wrist, “I don’t want to go back.”
Joey smiled and nodded once before spinning on her heels to look at her options. Jack was sitting in one of the lounge chairs off to the side, and Dean and Cas were taking up the entire loveseat. She sprinted over to the sofa and jumped onto Cas, making the angel grunt from the sudden weight on his lap. Cas held his hands out to the side as she maneuvered herself, finally finding a comfortable position squished slightly between the two men but still somehow on top of both of them. Dean chuckled and moved a hand down to ruffle the top of her head before slinging it along the back of the couch, this time his fingers accidentally brushing against Cas’ shoulder. Sam moved over to the remaining chair and sat down once the movie started, giving Dean a playful smirk when he saw how the three of them were positioned on the sofa.
“Bubba?” Dean furrowed his brow in confusion, the name causing him to not realize that he and Cas were still in the same compromising position even though Joey had left.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Cas crossed her arms, turning to lay on her back, “You’re right, I should’ve just let the two of you be murdered or worse, turned.”
“I don’t know, Dean. It’s not like we can put angel cuffs on a child,” Cas turned and instantly held up a finger when Dean opened his mouth, “We are not putting angel cuffs on a child.”
Joey was sitting at the table, eating a bowl of Jack’s cereal. What caused the men’s reactions, however, was the milk carton sideways on the counter surrounded by a giant white puddle, and the box of cereal that had apparently exploded onto the floor.
“Bubba,” she spoke quietly once they were in the hallway, pointing down the opposite way. Jack turned and looked, automatically moving in front of her when he saw the shadows against the corner of the wall getting bigger.
“You what…wait,” Dean turned to look at his date with a furrowed brow, “You wanted to come bowling and you don’t even know how to bowl?”
Dean opened the door to the garage and slowly poked his head in, his eyes darting around the large room. Baby was there, thank god, as well as the multiple other antique cars that the bunker housed, but Cas’ truck was nowhere to be seen. Dean straightened his spine and put his hands on his hips, turning to look at Sam with a cocked eyebrow.
“No, they’re getting mad,” she began breathing heavily, shaking her head in his lap, “Daddy, no, don’t! Please!”
“Dean,” she whimpered, turning her head just enough to bite into the tough muscle where his neck and shoulder met, “When’s the last time you were inside me?”
Cas finally nodded and leaned down, slowly putting his arms around her small body. Once his fingers linked on the opposite side of her shoulders, Joey turned and leapt into his chest, her legs wrapping around his waist and her arms tightly squeezing his neck. Cas froze and turned only his head to look at Dean, his eyes wide in fear. At first Dean was amused at the situation, but once he realized Joey was full out sobbing now, his face hardened and he rushed over to them.
Dean looked over and Cas and leaned over top of Joey, whispering, “Are we sure this is a good idea?”
Cas sighed and nodded before slowly turning towards the little girl. She still had her head down, and the angel bit his bottom lip before walking over to Sam and leaning towards his ear.
“You mean last week?” Dean watched as Cas cringed at his lame attempt at a joke, then nodded and bit his bottom lip. “Okay, I won’t call you buddy. Any nickname you prefer?”
“Come on,” Dean finally spoke, jerking his head in the direction of the stairs. Cas nodded and they walked together down the steps. When they turned the corner for the dungeon, Dean furrowed his brow when he saw Sam walking out of the room, closing the door behind him.
Cas let out a long breath, her lips pressed together as she looked up at him. She reached out and ran her long fingers along his jaw line, trying to bring his gaze back to meet hers.
Jack had tried to help as well, but between being worried about the power of the baby nephilim and not wanting to injure it, he told them he was refusing to try anything drastic.
As Sam walked over and grabbed a towel from Jack’s dresser, Cas wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist and gave a tight squeeze, leaning over and placing a quick kiss on his cheek. Dean turned to look at him and Cas reached up with his spare hand and grabbed Dean’s chin, pulling him in for a long press of their lips.
“Sammy,” he shouted, but his brother whipped his head around and held a finger to his lips. Once Dean took another step forward, he saw that the little girl was sitting in the center of the devil’s trap, her head stuffed into her knees that were bent against her chest.
“During the encore of that concert, as I finished the last note of ‘Eyes Like the Sky’ which, if you hadn’t guessed, I wrote about a particular blue-eyed angel, I called Cas up onto the stage with me. I, uh…listen, I was twenty-three, I was so nervous and excited and had no idea what the hell I was doing. I start talking about how great Cas is, how I could never imagine my life without him, blah blah blah…then I get down on one knee, and reach into my pocket, and…
