Steve doesn’t dignify that with a verbal response, instead he aims his gun and shoots. A kill shot, right between the eyes. The impact has his body shuddering back and a heavy metal thud from the car behind. Then the guy’s head slums forward so his chin rests on his chest and Steve can see the mess the bullet made of the back of his head and the dent it put into the car behind him from the impact.
Steve left it at that, walking out of the room before anyone else could question him. He didn’t have a plan, not really. He had no idea how he was going to get the cops to Rumlow and see he was making bombs. And even if he managed to do that, he had no idea how he was going to get out of this one himself when the world knew his name. It was a no-win situation and he couldn’t tell his family that. He couldn’t look at them, knowing they trusted him to see them through this and have no idea how to get them there.
Tony shivered at his words but not in fear. It was a reaction to the intense burning in Steve’s eyes, like an unspoken promise passing between them.
“Where’s Bucky?” It was Natasha that cut through there stalemate and Tony was thankful to be able to take his eyes away from Steve.
“Oh, I’m sorry, shall I get written permission from you before I enter a bar in your patch for a drink?” Tony snarked with playful eyes and God, did he have any idea what that did to Steve? No one dared talk to him like that anymore.
Tony dropped a kiss into his sweaty hair, “Don’t mention it.” Then he pulled away heading up the stairs to change and get to T’Challa’s office.
Steve needed Tony to come again, he wanted to feel him around his cock as he came just like he had last time. To see if he were right and there was nothing sweet than the way Tony Stark fell apart with Steve’s cock inside him.
Tony found himself wanting to know more about this side of Steve that apparently helped out people in need and funded medical clinics so people could get treatment when they couldn’t afford a hospital, “The most feared mob boss in Brooklyn gives to charity?”
He had worked on the core first, using the palladium that was meant to act as a catalyst in the Jericho to power the reactor and the copper ring to keep the energy focused and central. He next worked out the casing, the palladium was highly reactive and would erode his skin if he touched it, not to mention the chemical mixture was hot. Third degree burns kind of hot. So, Tony spent the next few hours hammering sheet metal from the supplies Rumlow had given him to form a protective circular casing for the arc reactor.
Steve blanched at the idea, stepping back to allow Rhodes to catch his breath, “I’d never do anything to hurt Tony. Or you.”
“Okay. Okay, Tones. Just breathe. Just look at me and breathe.” Rhodey pleaded, crouching down even further.
Steve felt himself shuddering at the desperation in Tony’s voice. He moved his arm out towards his desk, shoving everything to the floor in one loud sweep so he could bend Tony over it, his ass perfectly curved and on display for him.
“Do you have a plan?” Tony asked instead of answering.
Steve had to find him before it got to that stage. Getting Clint out of jail was one thing but if the police found evidence to place one of them at the scene then there wasn’t going to be a lot he could do. He couldn’t buy off a judge and an entire police force. Not even with T’Challa’s help.
His hips stuttered at the sudden pool of pleasure in his cock at the words, “Tony.” He moaned; he couldn’t help himself.
Tony shook his head, “No, I did it… I… killed him. I need to tell them the truth.”
Bucky stalled for a moment, “Actually I’m going to the shipping yard. I know Steve, he’ll need eyes on Rumlow before he makes his move. He needs to know what he’s walking into.”
The rest of Tony’s place was a whirlwind of genius in motion, if Steve had to guess. The living room was in the middle of the space, directly opposite the front door. There was a TV mounted to the wall and a well-worn soft light blue couch with a glass coffee table in front of it. The coffee table caught Steve’s eye, empty coffee mugs and notebooks and what looked to be bits of a car engine covered the surface, a smear of oil on the glass. Steve managed to find a pen in amongst it though and quickly picked it up before heading to the kitchen.
Bucky sighed, “I think he makes you want to be someone else. Someone who died in the desert years ago. I think he’s going to get you killed.”
“Bullshit.”
“Did you mean it? The things at the docks?” Tony asked because he had to, he needed to know.
“You can’t.” Fury replied, voice firm.
Steve was dead weight by that point, eyes heavy and limbs useless. He was so tired. The adrenaline had left him spent like he’d ran a marathon or had several rounds of sex. Tony hauled him to his feet, pushing him into the bed with gentle hands before climbing in next to him.
Steve sped up slightly, thrusting into Tony as his hips rose to meet him. They moved together, push and pull until Tony was rock hard between them again and Steve was biting the inside of his cheek to stop himself from letting out a groan. He was embarrassing close, this situation the right kind of sinful to have him trying to stave off his own release so they could come together.
Tony was breathing deeply when he broke away from Steve’s neck, blunt nails biting into his skin as Tony panted and hooked a foot around the back of Steve’s calf to draw him closer. Steve went willingly, stumbling into Tony as he pressed his arousal firmly against his own. Gone was their teasing rhythm from before, it was now full on rutting against each other to climb further into their pleasure.
“He won’t stop coming after me. I escaped jail; he’ll target the team. You. I don’t know. He’s desperate. He either catches me or I hand myself in. I’m not sure which one I can stomach.” Steve replied, rolling onto his back in defeat.
He barely got three feet in the door before a force hit him suddenly, knocking Tony to the floor in the direction of the kitchen island with a heavy thud. The force had him hitting his head on the floor as he fell before another body landed on top of him, Tony grunted, keeping hold of the umbrella on his way down.
Tony sat there with the others as they bounced ideas back and forth about how to deal with this problem. They all had complete faith that Steve could fix it but they wanted to help and Tony was eager to brainstorm with them if it meant he could bring Steve some good news and smooth out that worry line crinkled into his forehead. Those ideas ranged from several detailed accounts at how to kill Rumlow (Natasha and Thor) to the practicality of how they were going to get the cops to stumble upon Rumlow’s business venture when they found it (Sam and Bruce) to kidnapping Ross and pretending Hydra was behind it so he had a personal interest in going after them first (Clint and Bucky). Any of those might have worked if they got lucky but it would be down to luck and Tony knew that Steve wouldn’t gamble their lives or their freedom on a lucky shot. Everyone else in the room knew that too.
Steve felt Tony’s come on his hand and felt his whole body clench around his cock as his orgasm hit him like an inferno and Steve used his hand to guide him through it, letting Tony ride out the aftershocks of his pleasure for as long as he could.
Tony was beyond everything, trapped in a chase for his own pleasure. A dull ache that refused to be ignored and grew every time Tony ground his hips against Steve. Steve was getting hard again just watching Tony get himself off like this, his cock awakening at the sound of Tony’s pleasure and the image of him seeking it out.
“Tony” Steve cleared his throat, trying to be patient, and having a hard time at it.
“He named her Miss Peanut Butter?” was the first thing that came out of Clint’s mouth before he cackled with laughter.
Right then Steve knew it was serious. Peter adored Pepper, or Peppy, as Peter called her. Every time she came over to see Tony regarding SI business or just to visit, Peter ran up to her, or tried to, he still hadn't figured out his little legs couldn't take him as fast as he wanted them to.
As a prince and future king, T’Challa had responsibilities, a duty with his country and his people, and he was more than lucky to have a partner who understood that better than many, after all, Tony had his own company, his home, it would’ve been incredibly selfish of T’Challa to ask the man to leave everything for him, just as it would’ve been if Tony asked the same of him, so they worked around it. They were grown men, they talked to each other, though that part had been a bit of a struggle at the beginning, and if there was an issue, T’Challa would procure to bring it up as soon as possible; bottling things up had been the cause of some of their early disagreements.
“Alright, alright, I’m not kissing him” the blond man held his hands up in surrender and pulled away, huffing a bit though he was still smiling; he just couldn’t help himself, it was rather cute.
For someone who had been so reluctant at the beginning, Tony had taken the task like one more of his routines; as if it were a project he couldn’t keep his mind and hands off. And well, no one could blame him for refusing to take it the first time Fury brought the idea up. It had been right after a particularly rough mission, so when he heard Fury suggesting it Tony had wondered aloud if he had hit his head harder than he though and was hearing things. And apparently that was enough for Fury to force him to go to medical to get checked out. The fact that he did indeed have a mild concussion was irrelevant.
“She has spent quite a considerable amount of time with Sir over the past few days, therefore it’d be correct to assume she has grown attached to Sir” Jarvis explained and Steve could almost swear he heard some warmth in his voice.
Clint moved and cleared his throat, loud enough to get Peter’s attention and it was almost as if triggering the Hulk out, in the form of a very pissed two year old leaving his spot on Natasha’s lap and crawling over two more people to reach Tony, who helped him sit back up, glaring daggers at Clint who laughed a bit.
"Hey, handsome, are you coming home now?" Tony answered the phone without even waiting for Steve to speak.
The voice called Rhodey’s attention, one because it was too late for anyone to be awake in the compound, and two, there were no women in the compound at the moment, because the voice that had reached his ears had been clearly female, and what was worse, there was certain familiarity to it, as if he had heard it before but he couldn’t quite tell whom did it belonged to.
Thank you so much for your comments and kudos!
“Daddy’s girl I see” the woman smiled as she looked at them.
Peter wiggled, crawling further up so he could wrap his little arms around Tony’s neck and smooch his face against Tony’s, and the brunet only laughed, wrapping his own arms around the little one, squishing him gently, he pressed a few kisses on Peter’s hair and then on his temple.
Some other days he dared to venture down into his workshop. The place had been left untouched, put right back as how it had been left before everything happened in a foolish effort to preserve what it had been. He had Friday even order the very same couch that had been commonly used as a place for Steve to sketch, for them to cuddle or for catnaps inbetween work. Some days Steve would lie down on it and tears would roll down his cheeks as he noticed how the scent familiar scents of his cologne and motor oil weren't there. In those days he would scream himself hoarse and cry himself to sleep, only to wake up and have that void in his chest grow bigger after realizing that was his reality now.
Rhodey really missed fighting giant robots.
Steve took the lift to Tony’s floor. It was the seventh day since the kitten arrived and the trial time was up. He was already hearing Tony’s voice telling him to take the cat back to the shelter and never to bring another or even mention the idea ever again; Steve didn’t even know what he would tell Fury if that happened.
“Beg your pardon?” Steve said, starting to feel a migraine threatening to appear, throbbing behind his eyes, but he pushed the feeling aside. He pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed “This isn’t a question, Tony, this is an order and it’s for your own good, believe it or not”.
He could hear the voice as if someone were trying to talk underwater, and he just couldn't do anything, he couldn't move, couldn't talk, couldn't breathe.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Can't what, can't breathe?" Sam asked.
The panther didn’t seem to mind at all, eating the discarded treat and lying down, proceeding to lick and playfully paw Vela, treating her like one of her own.
T’Challa could see he was still tired. The prince set the kitten on the bed, the little thing padding to get close enough to Tony before curling up, quite set to go back to sleep, and T’Challa decided to join in; leaving one more kiss on Tony’s cheek, the prince took off his clothes, leaving only his underwear on before he carefully climbed on the bed next to his lover. He had had to scoop and relocate a few kittens on the way but at the end Tony managed to assume their usual position, resting his head on T’Challa’s chest and an arm around the prince’s waist.
“What?” Steve frowned and looked down at the kitten who was still crying and not even trying to keep it quiet.
They stood there for a few moments while Steve took in the fact that he was finally back home, back with his husband and their son. He didn't have to sleep on tiny uncomfortable beds on his own anymore, but in their very comfy bed with Tony resting against his chest only to be woken up when Peter would, sometimes, squirrel his way up to their bed and curl up in between them.
As soon as Clint said that aloud, the pattering of little feet hurrying from the living room could be heard from the kitchen and soon enough Peter appeared, running clumsily up to Tony, pouting and raising his arms until Tony chuckled and bent over to pick him up.
“Mama!”
T’Challa had an arched eyebrow right after his husband finished telling him about the little encounter with the reporter, another one. It wasn’t surprising really, and as amusing as it was at first, T’Challa knew Vela would have to grow out of it eventually. For whenever she didn’t like someone close to Tony, she would do everything she could possibly think off to get them to back off, and T’Challa had to admit she had proved to be very smart; she would demand to be held, try to get Tony’s attention or plainly push the other person away if they got too close, leaving the crying as the very last resource. T’Challa had to give her credit for that.
It had been a month of not seeing each other except through video calls, and no matter how much people insisted, it wasn’t the same. Sure, it made the distance less painful and at least he got to see Tony and speak to him pretty much any time he wanted, but he couldn’t be near him, he couldn’t touch him or kiss him or wrap his arms around him.
“I’ll get the teething gel, could you hold her?” Tony asked and made a motion to hand the baby to T’Challa and he King was already holding his arms out for her but she didn’t seem to agree, she let out a whimper and held tightly to her papa’s shirt.
Tony walked forward until he was standing in front of it, he lifted his hand, the one who wasn’t in a sling, and let his fingers follow the gash that mirrored the bruise across his own chest. Tony was the, luckily not dead, proof of how far Steve was willing to go to protect Bucky. A sharp edge of twisted metal cut one of his fingertips but he paid no mind. He could still taste the blood in his mouth and feel the hollow in his chest as he saw Steve leave with Barnes.
Usually, if T’Challa came to find Tony asleep, he’d just lay down with him and maybe indulge himself and sleep a little, not wanting to disturb Tony; the man slept little as it was. But with the cats around, T’Challa didn’t think he could do that without Tony waking up. Though that changed too soon, for one of the cats seemed to have detected his presence, opening a pair of big cloudy blue eyes and yawning widely, showing tiny milk teeth. The image made T’Challa smile fondly, and he really couldn’t help himself to reach out and gently pet the kitty, scratching between the pointy ears, the soft purring made his smile widen.
Ship: Ironpanther
"I can't... Can't do this." The words came out from Steve's mouth with a heart-wrecking sob, "Not without him, I need him." He swallowed through the painful lump in his throat, face buried on the curve of Bucky's neck and shoulder, "Bring him back... Please, I want him back." He begged, broken and helpless.
It was true he had had trouble sleeping ever since Afghanistan, but now he avoided sleep like the plague, and only gave up to it when his body couldn’t handle it anymore, which usually meant taking catnaps here and there; on the couch, leaning precariously on one of the working tables in his lab, on the floor... But the nightmares were always looming in the back of his mind, waiting for him to get his guard down and torment him with visions of sand and water, the wormhole and now, of Steve. The soldier had been the new star of his night terrors. The dreams were slightly different each time but each time they ended the same way, with Tony dying and looking up at blue eyes as life faded from his own.
Tony sighed. What had he gotten himself into?
The reporter tried again but the only thing the little girl did was go around Tony’s legs until she was standing in front of him, all curly hair and big brown eyes, she just lifted her chubby arms up, wanting to be held and Tony picked her up easily, letting her curl up against him like she always did.
The thing about Barnes wasn’t that he was an ex-assassin responsible of god knows how many assassinations through the last few decades, Tony knew that he couldn’t be held responsible for he was a victim of Hydra who had experimented on him, tortured him, brainwashed him into this killing machine who followed orders of whoever who said the right words. The thing about Barnes was that Steve lost all control and ability to reasonable thinking when it came to Barnes, thanks to that and Steve’s insistence of taking a trainee to the battlefield many lives had been lost in Lagos, and for that mistake all the team paid dearly. The thing about Barnes was that Steve hadn’t let go off him, he had never come to terms with the man’s supposed death, Steve had never stopped living in the past despite him reassuring Tony many times that he had given them all a home, that the Avengers were his family now, because the moment Barnes appeared on the map all had turned to shit. Steve left everything for Barnes, he had become reckless and selfish, risking the lives of millions of people for the sake of a single individual and wasn’t that supposed to be against the shit Steve had preached about at Tony so many times?
Later on, Steve woke up again but this time it wasn't to a pristine room while hearing an old baseball game on the radio or to a hospital room and the smell of disinfectant, but to the rubble left of the destroyed compound. He woke up in pain and with a startle to Sam's and Bucky's faces, blood-stained and bruised. And upon looking into their eyes, Steve didn't have to ask. He knew.
“Ready when you are, boss”.
Then there were the darker days. The days in which he saw no purpose for himself.
And maybe Rhodey was starting to become just a little paranoid but with how things were at that very moment a little paranoia came in handy. Friday’s reassurance went to shit when he heard the voice again, this time much closer, humming a tune, setting his nerves on edge. Rhodey wasn’t the ones to believe in ghosts and all those ridiculous things, but hearing a female voice singing in the middle of the night when there wasn’t supposed to be any women well, it could spook anyone.
“I was meaning to surprise you but I ended being the one surprised” T’Challa smiled, leaning closer to Tony and bending over to press a kiss on his lover’s forehead, moving to kiss Tony’s cheek and finally pressing another kiss on the corner of the brunet’s lips, only stopped by a tiny paw pressing against his cheek. The prince chuckled softly and pulled back only to spot the black kitten looking up at him; it didn’t look too content by having his nap interrupted, it almost made T’Challa feel like he had to apologize.
"Now that I have his approval," Steve grinned and pulled Tony closer to him setting one hand on the small of Tony's back.
Some days he made himself busy. After the battle there were so many things to fix all around the world (and the universe, but Steve would leave that to Carol and the Guardians). So many things that needed to be repaired, such as the destroyed compound, society trying to get back on its feet, all those people looking for the loved ones that had vanished after the snap, the memorials of those who died as an indirect consequence of the mad Titan's doing.
“It was a pleasure, Mr. Stark, thank you for your time” she aimed to hold out her hand to shake Tony’s own before a tiny chubby hand reached out to push away her own right when Tony was in for the handshake.
Steve walked up to them before Peter had time to up fully untangle himself from Tony and stand up. Steve right away scooped him up and wrapped his arms around him in a bear hug, pressing kisses on Peter's cheek and hair, making the kid giggle.
I'm sorry to say this is not a new chapter. But in better news I'm turning this into a series, so people can read it in an easier way instead of having to skip chapters to find your favorite ship. No chapter will be deleted and will be all included in the series as a fic of their own after being edited and any spelling mistakes are corrected. When I open the series only the first chapter will remain in here and the other will be published once more, starting from the last chapter and so on.
"Please, what?" Bucky asked, lowering down to kneel down to Steve's level on the floor, to what Steve took as an opening to reach out to hold onto Bucky for dear life.
At first the kid seemed taken by surprise but soon enough he started to smile and shriek and laugh with that contagious sound that had anyone who heard him laughing or at least smiling with him. Tony loved to see him happy so he got around to know all the little things that made the kid laugh and, upon discovering them, he’d store the new ones in his memory for later. They were usually silly little things easily achievable, but not for that Tony ignored them; silly cartoons on the tv that Tony would program for the kid to watch whenever he wanted, his dad making silly voices while reading him a bedtime story, Natasha slapping Clint’s arm, anyone kissing his little hands or feet, especially when Tony pretended to munch on his little toes.
My sincere apologies and have a good day.
He looked up to where Peter was, sitting on Natasha’s lap at the other end of the couch, absently playing with her fingers, very interested in the dark, glittery purple of her nails, so Clint decided to start subtle; he scooped a bit closer to Tony, sitting by the brunet’s side and moving slowly until they were within an inch of distance and very smoothly, or so he liked to believe, wormed his arm around Tony’s shoulder, thing that wasn’t really odd since Tony was a rather tactile person and liked to cuddle, especially during movie nights, usually Steve was the one having Tony wrapped up all around him but he had been called away to a recon mission and wouldn’t get back till tomorrow afternoon. So it was a chance he couldn’t miss.
“Is that all?” Tony crossed his arms in front of his chest and waited for Steve to say something else and the man actually opened his mouth but seemed to think twice before shaking his head “Great, now you can leave” the brunet made a dismissing motion with his hand.
“Here, you can start with this”
Their old bed was too big and the empty space on the left side of it was too evident for Steve to ignore. His clothes were still neatly organized in one side of the walk-in closet, his toothbrush was still right next to Steve's on the sink, and his ring was still resting on the left side table next to the bed, right where he had left it before leaving that morning, and he had never gotten back to wear it again. All those things he had left behind were just evidence of how much Steve had lost, and the pain of that loss was too great for him to stay in that room by himself anymore.
He reached in, between twisted metal and the cracked reinforced crystal to take the remains of the reactor out. It took him a bit of effort, a few minutes and a little more of blood but he finally got the reactor and set it on the nearby desk, staining it slightly withdark red. It would serve as a reminder, to himself and others, that he had trusted and loved and lost and he had paid the highest price.
T’Challa woke up in the middle of the night to a dark room and the other side of the bed empty, his husband missing from his usual spot leaning against T’Challa’s chest or very close to him. Frowning mildly, the King pushed himself up and off the bed, stretching to get rid of the mild stiffness and sleepiness still clinging to him.
“What? You don’t like me hugging him?” and for good measure, he pulled Tony a bit closer.
The next time, Steve had woken up in a hospital room feeling like he had taken the beating of his life, with Sam right by his side, and the first thing he asked was if Tony was okay and where was he; Tony who had been one among the thousands of targets of Project Insight.
“Wanna hug me, Tony?”
"Come on, he couldn't have been that bad." Steve said.
“Are you still up?” Shuri asked as she walked into the bedroom “Can I join you?”
“You know damn well, when you look at me like I just murdered your puppy” Tony gave him a narrowed look as he took a sip from his coffee, he burned his tongue but he hid it well.
“Now get out of here, you’re too happy and it’s too early for that” Tony rolled his eyes and ignored Steve’s chuckle as the blond man left “Remind me to never say yes to anything Rogers says before noon” Tony said aloud as he poured the coffee down the drain, he couldn’t taste it anyway “This can only end badly”.
"I had a meeting and he was supposed to stay with Happy, you know, like always, Happy even brought him the Legos to play with." Tony gently rubbed Peter’s back when the kid stirred ever so slightly in his sleep.
He would’ve laughed his ass off watching someone as big as Steve trying to calm a cat that could easily fit into his cupped hands.
Anyone who could see that would say that Tony was doing more than he should, that he had too much on his plate, anyone would tell him to take it easy, that he was trying his best and that was what mattered, but there wasn’t anyone there to tell him that, not that Tony would’ve believed them anyway.
Because not all babies are the same. Human babies are not the only babies.
He was the only member of the Avengers –Rhodey was out of their reach due to his condition and Vision wasn’t quite human but gave his support- the people and the government could get a hold onto, therefore his phone never stopped ringing, his mail was always full to the brim, and if he wasn’t in meetings trying to change the accords for the better he was trying to recruit enhanced humans, which didn’t always welcome him but Tony tried and tried and tried. He tried to do better, he tried to help people as much as he could, he tried but sometimes his best wasn’t enough. Tony was already familiar with the feeling but that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt when people pointed out the little mistakes without even acknowledging his efforts, his achievements.
“No!” she whined and reached out to pull Tony by the sleeve and hold his hand herself instead of the reporter.
And he took Peter back to the living room to try to entertain him for as long as he could, hoping that Tony would get better soon, or else he might go crazy.
Steve sighed as he tried for the god knew what time to explain to Peter that he couldn’t go to ‘mama’ because Tony was very ill, or so he claimed, it was only the flu but Tony liked to dramatize everything. Either way, none of them wanted Peter to get ill too, so while Tony remained confined to the bedroom until he wasn’t a walking source of virus anymore, Steve was left in charge of Peter. It had been quite easy, Peter was a well behaved child, easy going and very loving, but as soon as he noticed Tony’s absence all hell broke loose.
The soldier pulled out his phone and dialed Tony’s number and waited for the genius to answer.
“I’ll get it” T’Challa decided not to insist twice, the last thing he wanted to hear was their little girl crying, the mere sound always got his heart in a tight grip, even if he didn’t show it often, and maybe she wasn’t hurting that much but whenever Tony was near, she made a show of it just to get cuddles and kisses, for whenever she fell or tripped in front of others, she giggled, got up and kept on going as if nothing had happened, but as soon as she saw Tony around, she cried bloody murder. She was spoiled, that was for sure.
“Wait, what?”
The sight that welcomed him was quite… Not what he was expecting at all. There was Tony alright, lying on his side and curled up on the bed, his head resting on one of the many pillows and his hair a tangled mess, which usually meant that the man had been sleeping quite a while, and that made T’Challa feel more at ease knowing Tony had been resting properly. The thing that was off in the picture was that there were at least 6 cats on the bed, tiny kittens in various positions all over the bed; there was a tabby lying as long as it was across a pillow, there were two white kittens curled up on Tony’s hair, there was a black kitten snuggled right beneath Tony’s chin like a fluffy scarf, and finally, two more cats, also black with a little bit of white on their paws, lying near Tony’s chest. It certainly wasn’t what T’Challa had in mind but he wasn’t complaining at all.
For a moment he had thought Tony must’ve gotten out of bed to make a quick trip to the bathroom or to get water but then he had notice the bed was rather cold which meant that the brunet had been gone for some time. T’Challa had never minded that Tony didn’t sleep as much as he should, he knew the brunet had an incredibly active brain and sometimes needed to work on his ideas or they’d bother him nonstop, the king didn’t mind it, he had known Tony like that and he was no one to change it, he didn’t pressure Tony to just abandon his work but he’d occasionally try to get him to rest a bit or eat before getting back to work, T’Challa understood that first hand, after all, he had to look for his country and despite that he loved and lived to serve and lead his people, he didn’t like that it took away so much time he could’ve been spending with his husband, even if Tony insisted he didn’t mind.
The kitten didn’t look impressed at being manhandled, especially after having his nap interrupted. He seemed like it had an attitude already. T’Challa found that terribly amusing.
Feel free to leave any prompts you'd like to see in here.
A hissing sound came from the carrier Steve had left on the ground.
Again, thank you so much ❤️
"So you're his now?" Steve asked still tickled by all of it and he felt a little bad for finding it funny when Tony was obviously very tired after the whole ordeal. Maybe Peter was entering his possessive phase, which seemed a little odd to Steve since the kid loved to share his toys and even his snacks. "I hope he doesn't mind me hugging you."
“No!” the little girl held tighter on Tony’s shirt.
Said kitten was soon distracted by Tony’s hand scratching right between his ears, making it close his eyes and purr happily.
“Vela” T’Challa chided mildly but the little girl paid him no mind, too entertained playing with the buttons of Tony’s shirt, poking at them with tiny fingers “It’s not right to push people” T’Challa said, brushing some of her hair off her forehead, getting her attention and he couldn’t keep with the little lecture when such a cute baby was giving him a bright smile “You will have to start trying to stop” T’Challa kissed her little hand when she reached out to pat his cheek.
But some things are too good to last forever and Steve couldn't let himself stop mourning and think on how lucky he had been to live that time with him,. How lucky he had been to be loved back by him, how fate had favored him and given him the chance to hold him in his arms, to have made love to him, to have looked into his eyes every morning and see himself reflected into them, to have seen his unguarded smile, to have made him laugh and to have hopes for a future together.
“You know, when Jarvis called me to tell me you were in trouble this wasn’t the kind of trouble I expected you to be in”.
Some days he spent the time walking like a ghost around the compound, staring out the large windows into nothing. He did things out of habit, like a robot; wake up, go for a run, shower, force himself to eat and sustain minimal conversation, if at all. He ignored the looks he knew his teammates were giving him but they usually kept their distance. Steve guessed they did it out of respect, to give him the chance to deal with it on his own time and heal. But time passed and he didn't heal.
“Boss, it’s been seventy two hours since the last you slept, maybe you should…”
“Girls” Tony called without opening his eyes “Keep it and the two of you are going to sleep in your own beds”.
But she had been adopted a week and a half after she had arrived, the shelter had only been waiting for her to reach a weight of 3 pounds before they could give her away. Tony had played it casual but he did feel the absence; the little lump that crawled to sleep on his chest every night wasn’t there anymore, there were no purrs waking him up, and even the bots were a bit sad –and yes, they could feel sad no matter what Barton said. Tony didn’t have to think too much to make Fury’s idea into a program that could help both his issues, which he still refused to talk about, and orphaned cats to get a loving home.
Babies can be rather possessive, that was something Tony had seen from time to time; some kids were rather reluctant to share toys and maybe even food or candies, but people? That was something Tony learned, quite fast actually, even before Peter learned how to talk properly.
“I present you your long lost son” Tony said, a playful tone in his voice. He scooped the kitten, the tiny thing was barely bigger than his hand, and held him out to T’Challa who took him with both hands, holding him carefully and as gentle as he could.
Some other days like these, were darker.
For some time Tony had allowed himself to foolishly believe there was some sort of bond starting to form between all of them, he had thought the endless teasing and casual joking meant something, that the very occasional movie nights had been out of everyone’s own volition to spend time together aside from kicking ass on the battlefield.
They had acted as if Tony himself had written the accords, as if Tony himself had been the one putting them inside the raft, because it was so easy to point the finger and put the blame on others rather than yourself.
“No!” Peter’s shrill voice got almost everyone’s attention, except Bruce who was dead to the world sleeping on one of the individual sofas.
"Nothing much, we went to the park in the morning, the little guy ran out of batteries so we came back home for his nap." Steve smiled fondly hearing that, "He just woke up a while ago and we're currently watching Finding Nemo." Now that explained the noise.
Thank you for all your bookmarks and for reading and for all your lovely comments which always drive me and inspire me to write even more.
Now in his nightmares, the dark, cold cave would change into that abandoned Hydra bunker, the wormhole would open like a hallway and give room to that road he knew so well and he sometimes would find himself sitting on the back of that car with his parents, Obadiah’s face would transform into Steve’s, looking at him with cold eyes as he tore he arc reactor out of his chest, leaving him to die. But the pain felt too real, the shrapnel making its way to his heart was there and he could barely breathe, wide brown eyes looked at the man in front of him with fear, but he couldn’t move, he couldn’t…
Tony could try and reach out for help, but there were so few people who could; Rhodey was too busy with his recovery and therapies and Toy wasn’t about to interfere with that, not when he hadn’t been able to protect his best friend so the best thing he could do was to help him get back on his feet; Vision was surely of great help, even if the android couldn’t fully grasp human interaction quite perfectly yet, Tony was relieved to have someone who had his back, even if that someone had sort of been created by him, so he wouldn’t have to face everything alone, but even then there were things Tony couldn’t delegate; then there was T’Challa, a great ally when it came to amending the accords, bringing in a different point of view and even if the now King of Wakanda had offered Tony his help, Tony knew the man had a country to rule and people to answer back to, among them a team of criminal refugees, so Tony couldn’t call every time he felt like pulling on his hair out of frustration, overwhelmed with everything and stressed out of his mind, he had fucked up, so he had to fix it.
‘They only want you for the things you can give them’. Howard’s toxic words seemed to come in handy now, for everything seemed to point out to that painful truth. Tony wondered how many of those moments were real, how many of those people were playing double agents on him, for how long had they been lying to his face, Tony wondered how many of them knew the truth about Tony’s parents, how many of them were laughing at him when he turned his back.
He had seen T'Challa and Shuri a couple of times during meetings with the council that aimed to continue on the course of the accords to both regulate and train the actual and the upcoming generations of superheroes. Tony's futuristic views had showed and taught the world to be prepared for what was to come, whether that danger was imminent or just an odd possibility. He had met the Guardians, Carol and Thor to wish them farewell and good luck in their respective endeavors, from protecting those in need across the universe to continue on rebuilding their new home out of home. Steve shared a few handshakes and an enthusiastic, bone cracking hug from Thor.
Also, thank you so much for the comments and support, the response to this has just been wow!
It had been only one week, not the longest he had had to go away for, but God, he missed them to death.
“You want one? But they’re Inathi’s treats” the brunet smiled when the little girl didn’t give up so he handed her a treat, knowing she would spit it right away, and that she did, upon tasting it she made a face, winkling her little nose and spitting the thing out “I told you, those are for her”.
“And who’s that hiding there?” the reporter asked, smiling softly as she bent over just enough so she could see the little one trying to hide behind Tony’s legs, holding onto the brunet’s trousers, turning when the reporter tried to catch a glimpse.
Once Tony got his coffee and was a bit more present into the realm of the living, he took advantage to snap a few photos of Steve being used as a climbing wall by a hoard of little kittens along with the caption “New jungle gym, available in stores soon”. The photo got almost ten thousand likes on Instagram within the first fifteen minutes.
He looked down at the tablet where he could see Peter using Tony as a human pillow. The homesick feeling that had been stewing up in his chest became stronger. He longed to be there with them, cuddling with Tony as Peter napped in-between them, he wanted to nuzzle their son's messy hair and breathe in the baby smell of the blueberry shampoo Tony always got for Peter. Luckily it was only one more day before he could finish the mission and go back home.
Steve wanted to laugh, “The right way? You think it’s the right way because you wear a badge and answer to the law? Hydra isn’t playing by your rules, Fury, they’re playing by mine. You think you’ll beat them if you stay on the neat side of things and have a code you can live by? Only way to win against them is to get your hands bloody.”
“Did you kill anyone?” Tony asked in a whisper between them.
Steve nodded, “What’s his plan?”
His family had gathered in the living room this time, their cases of beer left untouched on the coffee table. All eyes were on him when he walked into the room, the sound of Steve slamming the door so hard it rattled the hinges was enough to tell them The Captain wouldn’t be reasoned with tonight.
"Fuck." Sam muttered under his breath.
Tony had gone from a mechanic to a CEO billionaire in charge of a major company overnight and on top of everything else he was going through Steve knew he was struggling. He’d see it in the way Tony would spend restless nights beside him, tossing and turning because he couldn’t shut his mind down. He’d see it in the way Tony turned to coffee like a vice, knocking back cup after cup like it was healthy. He’d see it in the way Tony’s shoulders sat when he came home, rigid and exhausted, those evenings where he could barely manage much more than to stumble into Steve’s arms and hope he’d catch him. Steve always did but he hated that Tony was being reduced to this.
Steve was already awake and had been for some time by the looks of it. He was sat up, leaning back against the headboard with the covers pooled around his waist. Tony couldn’t help but notice that Steve hadn’t bothered to get dressed yet and was still deliciously naked next to him. He was also thinking too hard, Tony could see the worried etched into his features, the look of a man wrestling with too much on his mind.
Steve nodded, “I’m working my own resources as well, see if I can spot any names I recognise. He’d have to be trained similarly to me to be able to prove to Hydra he can lead them. We’re looking at special ops guys.”
Steve wasn’t having a good day. He was running on three hours sleep, and he could now add doing the cops jobs for them on his list of things to do this week. He was tired and irritated by the time he made it back to his home base in the heart of Brooklyn. Steve wanted nothing more than a drink, a cheeseburger and a shower. He was pretty sure there was still blood on his neck despite the fact he had cleaned up his hands before he came home. A shower would have to be first, then.
Ross frowned, “Fury isn’t trained for…”
“I’ll never understand the way your mind works,” T’Challa replied, “We haven’t finalised the list yet but I can get it. It will take a few days.”
Tony swallowed thickly, cock jerking in arousal and then Steve was moving, hand between Tony’s legs to find his entrance. Tony’s eyes grew wider as he felt the first blunt digit pressing against him, immediately trying to push backwards to let Steve inside. Steve chuckled at his eagerness, pushing his way into Tony’s tight warmth and relishing in the way the soft flesh gave way to his finger as he pushed deeper.
He slid out of Tony gently, moving down to roll off the condom and tie it off. He found the bin next to the bedside table and threw it in there before settling down next to Tony on the white sheets, breathing heavily and blissful spent.
“Steve wants to meet me at the docks.” Tony told Thor, abandoning his still nearly full mug of coffee in his haste, “Fuck.”
“Hydra’s new leader is apparently working to destroy my team.” Steve replied as he pushed open the door to the outside chill with Fury hot on his heels, “If I can find out who he is then I’ll be able to stop him.”
Bucky sighed, “But you want to.”
Steve shook his head, “Can I see the body? I noticed something in the files I wanted to take a closer look at.”
Tony nodded. Bucky was right, of course he was. “Let’s do this.”
Tony could feel his blood boiling though, suddenly he felt seventeen again. Drunk and hurt and scared and promising Rhodey he was leaving, he was getting out and he was going to survive.
The first time Steve had killed someone was in the army, a gun shot and a close range to stop someone from planting a bomb on a railroad. It had been quick and impersonal and over in a second. He’d had nightmares for months after, Bucky used to wake him up every time the screaming started.
“Does he know you kill people for a living?” Tony asked, taking a sip of the whisky Sam had given him.
The door closed shut with a bang and he lost sight of Tony as the engine started up.
“Tony, fuck.” Steve bit down on Tony’s shoulder, seeing spots in his vision as his pleasure teased him.
Warnings: Chapter contains mentions of war crimes and gore. Mentions of abortion.
“Don’t hang up.” Steve told him, “I have a plan to end all of this, but I need your help.”
He wasn’t. They went to all that effort to kidnap him, not kill him so they needed him for something. They wanted him for something. An air of drama to lure Steve in? A trap? They couldn’t know how much Tony meant to him, Steve himself was barely accepting that fact.
Steve followed him, the cold night air hitting him suddenly against his tux. The snow was crunching under his shoes as he followed Pierce out into the night.
Howard was an immovable object, “Aren’t you going to invite me in?”
Tony went down to the garage instead and got to work. He built the device to short-out the cameras in an hour with three cups of coffee. His memory always had been good, and it was better under pressure. That same device was currently like a hot rock in his pocket and Tony had to stop himself from checking it every few minutes.
“Steve, steve, steve.” Tony babbled, body a livewire on the edge of pleasure, trusting Steve to get him there.
Tony sensing something was off, ducked out from underneath the car bonnet and pulled the screwdriver out of his mouth. He looked at Peter and then to Steve, wiping his hands on the rag.
Steve wasn’t sure what he was expecting when he arrived at Tony’s condo, his mind worrying over whether he should have called first? Tony might have been out or not wanting the company tonight. He had halfway convinced himself that perhaps turning on his heel and heading to Sam’s with everyone else would be a smarter plan, Steve might have even believed it if it wasn’t for the niggle of excitement in his gut that wanted to see Tony.
Tony’s cock was growing hard now, the length filling out and standing to attention from Steve’s administrations, but Steve ignored it. His mouth moved over the crease of Tony’s thigh back towards his hipbone.  He sucked on the skin hard, a wet pop of his mouth as he flicked over his skin. Tony thrusted up towards him although a quick check showed he was still half asleep. His breathing had gotten deeper in his excitement though, Steve watched as his chest rose and fall with each breath.
“Do you have lube?” He asked when he pulled away because he didn’t want to hurt Tony by not using any and he definitely wanted to know how it felt to be inside him.
The difference was the massive punching bag set up in the middle of the room. Steve was currently going to town on the leather, hitting it with a single-minded determination that should have scared Tony if he didn’t know Steve was doing it to block everything else out. At least he had the sense to wrap his hands up first. If it came down to a fight then Steve would need to be in perfect condition, he’d need his hands.
Rumlow was barely fighting back anymore, how long had Steve been hitting him? His hands were red and Rumlow’s face was almost unrecognisable. Nothing more than slick red blood and swelling and the marred skin of his scar.
Steve sighed, fingers grazing Tony’s forearm as his hand cushioned his head against the pillow, “I thought I lost you.”
Steve was addicted to this man, a little bit more with every word that left his mouth. He grabbed Tony in a searing kiss and hoisted him up, letting his legs wrap around Steve’s waist for leverage. Tony smiled into the kiss as he got settled and Steve was pretty sure the roll of his hips against Steve’s erection was absolutely on purpose.
Steve slowed back to a walk but kept closing the distance between them, “This? This was your great big plan?” Fury asked with disbelief.
Another shot was fired into the wall in front of them. A warning shot. Hydra was getting impatient.
He wouldn’t.
Bucky nodded, "You're a stubborn ass but you’re our stubborn ass and we're not letting you do this alone."
That made Steve chuckle, leaning back slightly to take in the happiness in Tony’s whiskey brown eyes and the lightness in his features. He didn’t just look happier than Steve had seen him in months but lighter too. His eyes drifted back down to the edge of Tony’s t-shirt, that expanse of skin Steve knew so well peeking out like a beacon.
“Yes.” Steve told him, waiting for Tony to pull his hand away in disgust, “I’m not sorry. They took you.”
Then their lips were colliding and there was no more room for reason. Tony’s mouth was hot and demanding against Steve’s as he rested his weight against him, leaning up into the kiss. Steve’s hands were still tugging the shirt at his waist loose, letting the material pool to the floor at their feet. Without the obstacle in his way, his hands were free to explore the span of Tony’s hips eagerly.
Steve chuckled, “It was an aesthetic choice. The idea of the open road, no roof so I could feel the sun on my face. Endless possibilities in front of me.”
Thor hummed, “I like him. I vote yes.”
He shook his head; he couldn’t do this now. He needed to focus. He had to find out where Steve was. This wasn’t over yet, it couldn’t be. Ross was Hydra, that meant they could still get out of this. They could find a way to discredit him, out him as the dirty rat he was. They could still figure it out.
Steve’s whole body was a live wire, poised to explode at any moment. The pleasure curling into his gut was tugging at him with every thrust and slap of skin against skin. He could see it in the black of his vision as he increased his pace, slamming into Tony and sliding back out again and again.
That he wanted something for himself. That he wanted Tony.
There were dark nights where Tony wanted nothing more to burn it all down to the ground. Nights when he whispered things to Steve that he’d never admit in the light of day. Steve listened and held him on those nights, let him work through the mess of feelings he had over his father in his own time and his own way.
Steve tore into the envelope, sliding out the small card from inside and reading its contents. He was right to dread it that was for sure.
Tony chuckled, “You could have gotten free anytime you wanted to.”
Tony was hard for him, solid against the line of his jeans and gripping the back of Steve’s shirt like a lifeline as Steve continued his attentions on his neck. He licked a strip from base to jaw and Tony shivered at the touch, tugging at the hem of Steve’s shirt enough to get his hands underneath.
T’challa’s message was blunt and to the point, ever a politician:
Tony nodded, “We’d be Stevens and Potts. Maybe we’d open up a bar like Sam. Cosy hole-in-wall flat above it. It’d be nice.”
Natasha sighed, “It shouldn’t be you, Tony.”
“I’m heavy.” Tony heaved out, hands against Steve’s shoulders.
“And I dealt with it. I left. I’m okay now. As romantic as your offer is, Romeo, I don’t need you to kill my dad, okay?” Tony replied, eyes boring into Steve’s.
The cuffs were taken off him and as soon as he was free Tony rubbed at his bruised wrists with the pad of his thumb. He squinted through the dim light in the room that the overhead bulb provided. There was only one chair. Was he meant to sit in it? Was this the first step to getting arrested?
“Well then, let’s hope you can still get the job done.”
Tony hated the small spike of something rising in his chest at the thought of his father’s body back at the shipment yard. There was no love lost between them, but Tony hadn’t wished him dead. He was meant to cry though, right? That was the first sign of grief after the shock wore off, with his mother Tony had cried for days and yet he hadn’t shed a tear for Howard since Steve had told him.
“My King, the meeting will begin soon” one of the Dora Milaje approached, waiting for the King to step away.
The prince took his phone out and silently snapped a couple of photos, a few to keep them for himself, and some others to send them to his sister, he was sure she’d coo at the photos as soon as she saw them and maybe call to demand Tony to send her more.
“And for the great ending” Tony picked a bright red sock, showing it to the baby and smiling when little hands tried to reach for it “Oh, no, this for uncle Clint’s surprise” Tony crooned as he tossed the sock inside the laundry machine and closed the door “Now he’ll learn how not to break stuff around the house and not to eat your teddy cookies” Tony said as he kissed the baby’s cheek and picked him up easily “Would you do us the honors?” Tony asked to the little one and pointed to the button on top of the machine as he helped him closer, knowing how much the kid likes to press buttons, or anything really, as long as he could reach them, more so if Tony asked him to.
Opening his eyes he saw the blurry image of Bucky's worried face staring back at him, pale blue eyes looking somewhere to Steve's right, and soon there was a hand on his shoulder, squeezing and then rubbing his upper back.
When Steve was out of his sight, and out of the room, Tony could feel himself relaxing again. He didn’t know why he had said yes to that whole deal, it wasn’t like he had time to spare, though thanks to Fury now he had. But since he had agreed to do it, Tony made sure to inform himself and know absolutely everything there was to know, after all, Tony Stark didn’t do anything by halves, he might as well the world’s expert on, well…
When Steve first woke up seventy years into the future they told him they had won. Both the relief of the war being over and the dread of everything he knew having vanished washed over him in a powerful wave that left him breathless. He had woken up and had lost everything. He had willingly made the sacrifice call, never expecting to survive, he had known that. Still he was there, alive and out of time.
"Hey, buddy;" Steve gently brushed Peter's messy hair back with his fingers. "I missed you so much." He pressed a kiss on Peter's temple.
"He didn't want to stay with him, he didn't want to stay with Pepper either, he didn't even let her pick him up!" Tony said, wincing a bit as he rose his voice without meaning to, luckily Peter didn't stir.
"He cried every time I put him down and I tried to leave him with Happy but he wouldn't stop." Tony rubbed his face with his free hand and Steve could knew how difficult it was for him to see Peter cry and not do anything. "So I just took him with me".
Also, I want to wish all of you happy holidays, whatever it is you celebrate -or not- I hope you have good moments with your families and/or friends.
“Fine” Tony said after what felt like an eternity to Steve “But don’t get too excited just yet” Tony warned when he saw the blond smiling “I’ll try for a week, and you better not give me that look if I chose not to keep them”.
“Careful, you beast” Tony said, hurrying over and taking the kitten from Rhodey’s hands, cradling the cat against his chest, though Rhodey would keep on insisting that that wasn’t a cat; it was a ball of fur with a triangle by tail. “What did the mean, horrible man do to you?” Tony cooed, honest to god cooed at the cat who purred back at him, as if telling Tony about all the horrible things Rhodey did; now Rhodey could say he had seen everything. Tony caught him staring and gave his best friend a narrowed look “Did you come here to mock my babies or to help me find them?”
“I made sure Jarvis got everything you needed and he told me you read all the information the association sent for you” Tony saw the man look around to all the things and toys and the soft little blankets carefully set all around the room. When Steve finished his little checkup, he looked back to Tony, and it was almost funny that a guy who weighted more than 200 pounds and was over 6ft tall looked almost insecure, as a big dog who’s been scolded for chewing on something he shouldn’t have.
“This is Vela” Tony said, not really making a move to try and get the child to greet the reporter like some parents did when they met with strangers, force the children to greet them and even give kisses or hugs. Tony was not fond of doing that, if the kid didn’t want to say hi then they didn’t want to.
Tony was sitting on the ground in front of T’Challa’s very large, very imposing panther who was waiting very patiently for her treat, which Tony handed in between his fingers, she took it and munched on it, the large pink tongue poking out. The little girl, with her attention always on everything her mama did, crawled over the soft grass up to Tony and sat down next to the panther and opened her mouth waiting for her treat, making Tony laugh and the Dora smile.
Things would’ve been so different if Steve would’ve just trusted him, if he had just approached Tony and explained everything, sure, Tony would’ve broken down and lashed out in anger but he would’ve had time to process everything, to come to terms with it, if Tony had only known before he would’ve even helped Steve to look for Barnes and help destroy Hydra once and for all to make them pay for all the crimes they had committed, instead Steve decided to hide information, to act as if Tony’s reaction had been out of place. Now that he thought about it, Tony accepted his actions had been wrong but his reaction wasn’t; he had had the right to be angry, he had just been betrayed for the very person Tony had given his trust to, the very person Tony had though was on his side, he had seen his parents die and it was like it had been them dying all over again, right in front of his eyes and not twenty something years ago.
“Sure, boss, what can I do for you?”
“Mama’s, actually” Tony corrected without giving attention to the slightly awkward look the reporter gave him “I think our time is over now, if you excuse me, there’s a little princess who wants to play” Tony said and the dismissal was more than clear as one of the guards approached, waiting to guide the reporter to the door.
At times Steve ran himself to the ground in his effort to stay occupied and pushing the dark thoughts to the back of his mind. He usually got worried looks from Bucky and yet another attempt from Sam to get Steve to seek help, but Steve's answer was always the same; a little lopsided, fake smile and a failed effort to convince them that he was okay, even though he knew he couldn't even convince himself.
Clint and Steve stared at one another, dumbfounded.
Prompt: Give me a Tony who gets a laundry machine just so the baby can sit on it and laugh when the thing vibrates as it works.
Soon enough the machine started to fill up with water along the soap Tony had previously put inside. The brunet crouched with the kid in tow to let him see inside the machine and how it was slowly filling up with water, smiling as the kid seemed hypnotized by the movement and soon enough the machine started to work, moving slightly, vibrating.
"He says 'yesh' " Tony chuckled. "When you get home would you be a darling and bring Peter's bunny on your way up, please?"
“Yes, Colonel”.
“You’re growing, it has to happen, but we can get something to make the pain go away” T’Challa sighed and kissed her again, giving her a loving fond smile.
“My darling”.
“I didn’t like her anyway” Tony shrugged and kissed Vela’s cheek, smiling at her. “Let’s look for papa, he must be waiting for us, ntanda” he coed at her, earning a very eager nod and a few babbled words as he started to walk out of the room, followed closely by Okoye.
“Mama is sleeping, baby”
"I already cleaned up at SHIELD." Steve was grateful for his own pragmatism, because he had saved himself at least an hour he would've wasted in showering and changing his clothes after getting home, he could now spend that time with his family. "What are you guys up to?" He asked as he got onto his bike. He briefly linked his phone to the bike so he didn't have to cut the call to put on his helmet on.
So much for wanting to sleep.
To tell the truth, he had never realized in how many tiny places a kitten could hide until he had squished himself between the wall and the some furniture, lying on the floor and stretching his arm as much as he could, trying to reach the very last kitten. The evil little thing just stood there, staring at him and not moving a paw to make Rhodey’s job easier.
Peter looked from him to Tony and then back at him as if he were considering it and Steve bit his tongue to keep himself from laughing at how adorable that was. Peter finally accepted with a little "okay, papa can kiss". In exchange Steve handed Peter his bunny and let him down, watching Peter toddle over the several pillows spread around the carpet.
“Did the princess kick out another reporter?” Okoye’s velvet voice came through when she walked into the room, her smile almost imperceptible on her lips as she watched the little princess play with Tony’s fingers.
"What would you have done if he said no?" Tony asked but he was already aching for him, cupping the back of Steve's neck to pull him into a kiss.
Tony stared down at the pair of very big, round green eyes looking right back at him. The brunet lifted one of his hand and very slowly reached out, he didn’t even touched her –or at least that was what Jarvis said- when she hissed at him, showing tiny milk teeth. Tony stopped, waited for a few moments and tried again, this time he managed to touch the tips of the soft pointy ears before she hissed at him again.
Tony removed the BARF glasses and set them on the nearest desk, as he felt the painful throb of the growing headache, he blinked several times, his eyes itchy with exhaustion and dry for he had been staring at nothing for several moments. The engineer looked around his lab up to the suits standing before him. One of them was the last one he had made along with an old armor from almost a year ago, and the last one was the armor he had brought back from Siberia. He hadn’t let anyone see or know the extent of the damage that was done to it; the left boot and gauntlet were useless, the right leg had been severely damaged, the paint was stripped on several parts, the helmet was a total loss, the back of the armor was dented from where debris had fallen on him, the paint around the neck was chipped from where Steve had thrown that line around it, but he stopped when his eyes fell on the chest. There were the dents Barnes’ metal fingers left when he had tried to tear the arc reactor off, and the other gash was deeper, longer, the gash left by Steve’s shield.
Tony stared down at the—he didn’t even know what to say as he eyed suspiciously whatever Steve was carrying and currently holding out to him, surely waiting for Tony to take it, but the brunet remained unmoving and right on his spot, tense and not quite enthusiastic of the whole ordeal. After a few moments Steve seemed to get that Tony wasn’t about to move and set the thing on the ground gently.
He secured his hold on Peter with one arm and used his free hand to help Tony up and off the little makeshift blanket-fort they had going on the floor. On any other day Steve would pull Tony into a tight hug and kiss him, but he remembered the clinginess episodes Tony had told him about over the phone a couple of days ago, so he decided to play it safe and save themselves from having to deal with a wailing fit.
The first cat had come and gone, adopted rather quickly only after two weeks under Tony’s care; Miss Peanut Butter managed to put some weight and her fur had lost the scruffy look, getting all soft and shiny. It had been strange to watch her go. He had gotten attached to her, sort of, she had been with Tony pretty much all the time during her stay, and since there hadn’t been any missions or emergencies that required his presence, Tony hadn’t gotten out much, taking advantage to advance with his ever-growing list of duties from SI and SHIELD along with the team’s equipment updates. To say the least, the bots appreciated their new, and temporary, playmate, even if Dum-E had been terrified of the kitten for the first hour, until the kitty purred at him, to which he had responded with his own beeping sounds.
“No” she mumbled, already pouting and looking close to crying.
The sense of longing he had woken up with was specially strong so he dared to step into their old bedroom. Steve sat on the left side of the bed, reaching the gold band resting on the bedside table to run his thumb over the smooth surface while remembering how it had looked on his finger. And before he knew it, Steve was crying into the pillow, breathing in the lingering scent as he desperately tried to cling onto his memories of their time together.
Steve crouched down then, getting lower to meet Sitwell’s eye level, “If he wants my throne and my family, he’ll have to kill me for them.” Steve spat out, “Too bad you won’t be around to help him.” Steve grabbed the knife from Natasha’s palm with a practiced ease and slide it in under Sitwell’s jaw as Bucky held him steady. Steve watched as the knife disappeared upwards, pushing firmly as blood poured out of Sitwell’s mouth and down his chin.
“Tony.” Those brown eyes were playful and Steve found himself drawn to them. He wanted to grab a sketchbook and try to commit them to the page, “You?”
Fury frowned, “That’s a big gamble.”
"Bullets are a painful way to die. Slow, lazy, it's almost a waste for metal." Steve told him, "Breaking someone's neck is quicker, cleaner and more humane."
“What happened?”
Rumlow chuckled, “Well Steve, I hope you don’t mind dying again.”
“Told Rumlow I was building him a bomb.” Tony shrugged, “Idiot believed me.”
“Be careful, Steve.” T’challa replied before the end went dead.
The wound was hot and stung but wasn't bleeding much, more like a cat scratch then a hole.
Bucky stayed there, taking comfort in their silence. He didn’t cry or speak or do anything more than stand there and grip Steve’s shirt like he used to when they first enlisted together, fresh faced and eager to protect their country.
Steve pressed a messy kiss into his hair as he slipped out of him, his cum still inside Tony but starting to dribble down the mechanic’s thighs slowly. Tony wobbled again and Steve quickly moved to sweep his legs out from under him before they gave way completely and gathered him into his arms.
“Well, like we say in the army: we take the world as it is, not as we’d like it to be.” Rumlow replied, Steve could hear his smile.
“I’ll see what I can do.” Fury replied, “Take care of yourself.”
He hummed, “The Captain, right? King of Brooklyn? The most feared gang leader in New York.” He didn’t seem bothered by that knowledge and Steve found himself frowning at the unusual response, “Bike’s almost done. I made some upgrades, more power on the throttle. Your gauge was completely off as well but I fixed that.”
Fury left the room, turning on his heel with the papers under his arm. Steve waited for his guards to come and bring him back to his cell, his mind on which member of his family was injured and possibly dead whilst he was rotting in a cell, all because Rumlow decided to go and get greedy.
Steve responded with a smile of his own, “Maybe.”
“Your father told me he could convince you to work with us,” Rumlow said, “This was a last resort, I had hoped you would share his ambition or his greed.”
“Lean back against my knees.” Steve told him roughly.
“So, if I was a gang member…”
Steve nodded, “Sam, two whiskies on my tab when you’re ready please.” He shouted at his friend who was mixing another order. Sam raised an eyebrow at him, eyes on Tony for a moment.
He'd love to see Rumlow hang though.
“I need you to do better.” Rhodey replied, “He’s a criminal, a gangster. He’s a killer, Tony. How do you even know him?”
Tony nodded weakly although he didn’t make any effort to move from his spot by the wall. Steve went slowly, rising to his feet, still gripping Tony’s hand until Tony was forced to get to his feet as well.
That sounded like heaven from Tony’s lips and Steve could feel his stomach tighten at the sultry look in Tony’s eyes, “Tony, you don’t need…”
Steve pulled at his wrap on his hand as he spoke, “He grew up poor. I lived about ten blocks from here, Bucky and T’Challa lived in the same street. We were those kids that dreamed about making a difference, you know? But I was poor and sick, especially in the winter months. We couldn’t afford the heating bill back then, so I got hit with everything going. We couldn’t afford a hospital either, I’d stay at Bucky’s when it got real bad and sit by the fire and just try to shake it. Then my mom caught the same bout of pneumonia that I did. I got better. She didn’t.”
The move threw Steve and he too tumbled down with Tony, a mass of limbs on white sheets. Steve wanted to smile at the move because very few people could knock him on his ass and here Tony hadn’t even been trying but then Tony was kissing him again and they were shuffling further up the bed and Steve had forgotten how to breathe much less form a sentence.
“They branded him to look like our victim.”
“This is bad. This is really bad.” Clint muttered; eyes glued to the screen.
He wouldn’t.
“I love you. I trust you. I’m clean.”
Bucky sighed gently, “He doesn’t think about the job when he’s with you. He doesn’t think about anything but a fantasy with you. He doesn’t think about The Captain or his own survival. That’s dangerous for a man like Steve. As soon as someone like Rumlow finds that weakness they exploit it. I know how that story ends and I don’t want to bury my best friend in the ground because of some infatuation he can’t resist.”
It wasn’t nothing.
As he went to find T’Challa he felt Tony slip a hand from his and say something about getting drinks before heading in that direction. Steve nodded, alcohol and Tony would make this event so much better. Tony was dressed too distractingly tonight, a pressed three-piece suit in all black. It made his skin look tanner and his brown eyes sparkle and when Steve went to pick him up, he felt wholly inadequate in his traditional tux and bowtie. His beard was neatly trimmed, and his hair was as tamed as possible, despite the fact one piece kept dislodging from behind his ear to hang over his forehead. Tony though, he was something else. His black tie and black shirt melting into the rest of his suit and Steve was almost tempted to skip tonight all together and push Tony back inside his apartment, removing his clothes one black layer at a time.
Tony leaned down, lips grazing the shell of Steve’s ear before he started sucking on his earlobe. Steve could feel the liquid pleasure pooling into his gut, hands gripping Tony’s hips harder as he thrust up into him.
“Then let’s give him something to tell them.” Steve replied, “Let me help you bring down Rumlow. You want him gone such as much as I do. I can stop him, Fury, for good. No more killings, no more selling weapons to children and pushing drugs through the high schoolers on the street. Give me 24 hours and I’ll end Hydra before Ross even gets to Brooklyn.”
Tony didn’t let him get far though, his legs coming up to wrap around Steve’s waist, effectively trapping him and pulling him back against Tony. Steve placed both his hands on the edge of the counter either side of Tony’s legs to steady himself as he went colliding back against him.
He certainly didn’t.
“A weapon?”
His legs were shaking now too, and his heart was beating too fast and God, was he dying too? He couldn’t catch his breath and his eyes stung.
“You know if you do this then you’re crossing a line. You’ll be a criminal. Ross will come after you too.” Steve told him, smartly letting the subject of them drop for now.
Rhodey shook his head, taking a step back, “Out of all the stupid shit…”
Tony nodded; she was right. Of course, she was right. Steve had given them orders, they had to follow them. Natasha led them further into the building, peering into doorways and checking around corridors. Tony’s mind was on the gunshot. They hadn’t heard another one since. Was it all over ready? How long did these showdowns normally take? Would Steve come looking for them all bloody and ready to hang up The Captain for good?
Fury pushed him into a small room at the end of a corridor and the first thing Steve saw was blood. There was so much of it in the room, coming from Ross’ body which was slumped on the ground, a letter opener a few feet away. Steve swallowed thickly. This wasn’t a cold calculated kill of someone who knew what they were doing. This was a spare of the moment fight or flight response.
“Fuck, Steve.” Tony gasped, uselessly trying to thrust his hips up against Steve’s hands. Steve himself had to give a shallow thrust into the mattress at his own leaking cock needing friction.
"We aren't doing anything." Steve insisted, "I'm going in alone."
He’d turned his back on his family, he’d hurt Tony, just to arrive at this moment. Steve wasn’t about to throw that away. Rumlow would have seen his arrest, that’s why he made it so public. As far as Rumlow knew he was on his way to hand himself over. It was the cops that were the ones standing in the way of his glory now, not Steve. They had simply gotten to him first, something that would drive Rumlow crazy after coming so close to his victory.
He was back in the same interview room they had put him in before, the clock still ticking on the wall. They hadn’t processed him yet, instead just cuffed his hands to the table as if to protect themselves from him. That was rich when Ross was Hydra and calling their orders.
Steve nodded, slipping his hands into his pockets, “How many votes do you need?”
Tony mumbled around the screwdriver in his mouth, “Fuck, Pete, what did the report show from the oil levels?”
It was a start; it was a small win in a larger war. Steve wanted to cling on to it with both hands.
“I know.” Steve replied, his voice soft but clear.
Steve has to bite his lip to keep himself from moaning as Tony preps him. The air smells of sex and is making his head swim, or maybe that was just Tony. Tony, who’s hand was currently stroking down Steve’s cock in a ruse of spreading the lube onto him but really was simply to tease.
“I’m not much of a rule follower.” Steve told him.
“Yeah, I can but I need to deal with this wound first.”
Steve was about to walk away, leave them to their privacy when he heard his name. He stood frozen as their conversation continued.
“That one’s my favourite.” The voice made him jump and he looked over his shoulder to see Steve awake. Those blue eyes soft as they stared at him.
As soon as his arms were free, Steve moved his attention to Tony’s jeans, fingers deftly hooking around his belt loops to pull him in so Tony staggered into him as Steve worked the button open and fly down. Tony was rock hard under his touch and Steve couldn’t resist sliding his hand into the jeans to cup him through the material of his boxers.
“Brilliant idea.” Tony breathed as he pulled back, stroking Steve inside his jeans softly, “Best idea I’ve ever had.”
“I’m not following.”
“I think we’re going to be okay.” He said it like a revelation, like a promise. Steve wanted to drown in those words coming from Tony’s lips after everything they’d been through.
“Can I borrow your phone? I need to call Peter and Rhodey.” Tony asked him once they were settled into the back seat of the car, Thor speeding them through Brooklyn’s sleepy streets like it was a game of Mario Kart. Tony still had Steve’s jacket tucked around him and he couldn’t help but keep peering over at the patch of red coating his shirt.
Steve let his hands slip from Bucky’s shoulders, “You’re right. I knew you’d have helped me, and I didn’t want you to. I didn’t want to put you in any more danger than I already have.”
“Hydra made their move.” Steve replied bitterly, “I’m dealing with it.”
They messed with the wrong mechanic.
He might not be in the best place with Steve right now, but he knew Steve wouldn’t want any harm to come to him. That was the whole reason he allowed himself to be arrested, to protect Tony and the family from harm. That was a whole mess they needed to talk about. His kiss with Steve still burned on his lips and as much as he did it for his plan and to slip Steve the device, Tony couldn’t help but think about it. He’d told Steve how he felt, he laid his feelings out there on the line whilst still being angry at him. Steve hadn’t even said the words back so maybe it changed nothing between them, maybe once they were done with Hydra they’d be done for good.
Both pairs of eyes turned their gaze on him and at least they both had the decency to look guilty that he had caught them arguing like children rather than the gang members they were.
“What?” T’Challa asked bluntly, the confusion in his voice was clear.
Steve nodded, “Why?”
“Okay,” Steve nodded, “The phone that I answered, I took it off the Hydra guy at the party. Pierce. Rumlow’s errand boy, looking for political favours to move his bombs. It was Rumlow on the phone, I didn’t know when I answered it.”
Natasha’s eyes drifted to the patient as well, “I know. If we live through this, you’ll make a damn fine Avenger.”
He looked at her then, blue eyes staring into green, “I can’t guarantee you’ll be safe, Nat. Any of you.”
Steve gave him a smile back before turning to Thor, “Thor, wipe the slate clean, okay? No one gets out. If they’re Hydra…”
This family that had bled and killed and defended him. That had built him from the ground up and given him something more to be and to aim for. How else could he repay that debt now other than like this. By saving them. By taking this fight out of their hands and carrying it in his own.
Tony turned another corner, mulling over Bucky’s words. Rhodey would be the same over him, wouldn’t he? Hadn’t he been worried and concerned over Tony’s relationship with Steve much like Bucky was. Had all this hostility really come from an overprotectiveness Bucky had honed from a young age?
“Can you tell Tony…” Steve paused, not sure what to say. What message would be enough to convey how sorry he was. How much Steve loved him?
Rumlow sighed, “Think of the security then, working for Hydra as our weapons expert would grant you certain protection. A lot more work than a small-town garage I would wager.”
Steve had met Howard a few times, at conventions and galas and he knew that Howard Stark built weapons. More importantly, to the right buyer he’d sell them to whoever had the most to offer. “A lonely life?”
Rhodes narrowed his eyes, “A cop is dead so why don’t you try and take this seriously. I know The Captain protects his people, no one knows your names only your faces and let’s face it, even with your picture on file we still can’t find out who are you but I swear to you, if you had anything to do with this, we’ll come for you.”
Steve nodded, “Taken from his home recently. There was blood but not much. Door wide open. No demands or note. I have Thor and Bucky down at the shipment yard looking for signs of him.”
Fury seemed to sense Steve’s loss of words, “I’ll make you a deal. You have an honest conversation with me, here and now. No cameras, off the record. And I’ll make sure he’s brought down here to answer a few questions once he’s done with Ross. You’ll get to say it yourself then.”
Steve knew he wouldn’t win this argument and there was something about having Tony in his bed, in his arms that just felt right. He didn’t want to have to move and ruin the moment they were carving out of their blissed-out state. Steve snuggled back against him, spooning him from behind.
When Tony did come, not even a few thrusts later, he stopped writhing enough to let himself fall into his orgasm and Steve could only watch as the pleasure shuddered through his body in one huge wave, cum coating Steve’s fist as he slowed down his strokes, allowing Tony to ride through the aftershocks.
Tony tugged at the tie, Steve’s arm flexed above him in a delicious display of muscle, “Trust me, you’ll enjoy this. If you don’t just tell me, okay?”
Tony leaned down to kiss him, short and sweet and then he was sinking back down onto Steve’s length. Tony was still tight; despite being stretched out and Steve could see him close his eyes to adjust the Steve’s cock filling him.
“For your team, maybe. I could argue they were my informants on the case and therefore by law they would be protected via the immunity deal we’d previously agreed to. They would have to sign those deals though; I’d need to process the paperwork before Ross gets down here.”
Buying the garage with the last of his trust fund money before Howard cut him off was a smart decision. A nest egg, as he explained to Rhodey, a way for Tony to make money and keep his hands busy. It was a sound investment and the business was actually doing alright. There was a regular customer base now and he prided himself on fast returns which gained him new customers.
“Steve…” Fury paused for a moment before continuing, “You’ve got 48 hours maximum. Then Ross will issue kill orders. Anyone still around by then will be shot on sight. Special branch wants this one done.”
The woman herself hadn’t noticed him yet, she was too focused on the task at hand. Dressed in yoga pants and a tank top with her short hair around her face she almost looked younger than Steve had ever seen her. On Natasha’s feet were a pair of ballet slippers (her first purchase after Steve had given her a cut of their first job together) and she was twirling effortlessly around the small space, completely lost in her own world as the tips of her toes moved to the music.
Steve returned his smile, “Long. I think this unit is going to work though. Fury seems to understand that approaching these gangs head on isn’t the way to do it.”
“If he needs a hospital, I’ll take him.” Steve replied, “Nothing else matters.”
Tony shook his head, “No. Your move, Dad. You do the right thing, or I’ll go to the press and tell them everything.”
“For me?” Tony asked and this time his smile grew. Steve mentally swore, Tony was playing dirty.
“Then I’d have to do this all by myself.” Tony sighed, “That doesn’t sound very fair, does it Captain?” He drawled out the rank, rolling the word around on his tongue and it sent a shiver of pleasure down Steve’s spine.
The party was in full swing when they arrived, and Steve had to admit that T’Challa had done a good job. The room was lit softly, a yellow glow that made Tony’s skin look even more vibrant than before. It was a party for politicians though and the atmosphere was immediately brought down by the stifling feuds hidden behind fake smiles and glasses of wine. Steve saw it every year, the women who’d try to outdo each other with their dresses, each one more ruffed and ridiculous than the last. The men were worse, all laughter and sly smiles as they stabbed each other in the back in their minds. Steve had always wondered why they didn’t just punch each other outright, surely that was more civilised than this game of pretend they all seemed to take part in whilst actively hating it.
Steve’s eyes were on the screen as an old army photo of him flashed up on the right-hand side. He barely recognised the man staring back at him, small and weak. He didn’t have what it took to survive. He was so young back then, innocent and wide eyed and off to fight another man’s war like the good little soldier he always wanted to be. Steve almost felt sorry for him.
“I would have helped,” She offered, grabbing her own sponge from the bucket and joining Steve on his knees to start mopping up the red marking the drab floor.
Then Steve was moving, hands back on Tony’s ass as he jostled him about long enough to get the passenger side door open of the BMW 230SL so he could climb inside. He sat himself down on the cream leather passenger seat with Tony in his lap, arranging himself so his knees were either side of Steve’s thighs and he had a grip on Steve’s shoulders to steady himself.
Bucky frowned, stepping closer to Steve then, “You like him, don’t you?” His voice was soft, but the accusation was there. That undertone that cut into Steve’s skin to mock him for being an idiot.
"You know who I am." Steve told them, locking their gaze, "you know this won't end well for you."
Tony sniffed quietly, “What am I?”
“Ross will interview you, build a case, set a trial. The normal stuff.” Fury shrugged, “You didn’t tell me you were going to kill Rumlow.”
He’d spent hours in that little cupboard, no light, no window. He’d place his back against the wall and his feet against the door like through sheer force he could stop Howard from breaking it down if he ever found him. He’d balance equations in his head or plan new designs to copy into his notebook as he tried to tune out the muffled shouting and crying from somewhere in the house.
Tony panicked, looking down at the device in his hands then back to Steve’s face. He could hear the doorknob turning behind him.
Fury slapped down another photo. A bullet wound in Bennett’s head, “Execution style. That sounds more like The Avengers to me.”
Tony pulled back to get to work but Steve help him firm, pulling him back in as those icy blue eyes met his, “Thank you, Tony.”
His cum hit the back of Tony’s throat, warm thick streams that he swallowed down despite the salty taste. Tony sucked him dry, leaving Steve a quivering mess on the mattress and having to shallowly thrust his hips against the sheets to search for some friction. He had wanted to see Steve come undone like this, he knew Steve would be primal like that, but he hadn’t thought about just how much this would turn him on.
Steve nodded, “He always was two steps ahead on strategy.”
Then Steve was moving, being shoved in his own direction, towards a police van with bolts in the floor and twelve cops standing guard to accompany him to the station.
Steve pressed ahead, “Rumlow wanted Tony to create a bomb that would level most of Brooklyn if he chose to aim it on these streets. As of now, Tony’s family is under our protection. Thor, you set the detail up?”
Steve clenched his jaw, “For people like us, it’s the same thing.”
Steve shook his head, “You have nothing to prove to me. I have everything to prove to you.”
Tony let out a small laugh, “You want me to tie the knot for you to hang him with?”
Steve’s hips stuttered and he bit back a moan, Tony needed to be there with him to come. He reached down between them, hand finding Tony’s cock to take it in his fist, stroking him to pace with his cock buried in his ass. Tony whimpered, slightly from arousal and slightly from over stimulation but he wrapped his legs tighter around Steve and grabbed Steve’s other hand in his free one to place them both over Tony’s heart, hammering in his chest.
“Come out, come out, Captain.” A voice called to them, “Rumlow will probably kill you first so you don’t have to watch him die.”
He shouldn’t. He knew he shouldn’t. Tony was probably getting on with his life, was probably relieved to wake up to find Steve gone so that he didn’t have to try and explain what a bad idea this was. Yet, with Hydra and the police up against him and his family surrounding him, Steve wanted nothing more than to talk to Tony.
Steve smiled, “Cap is fine. Not a business call.”
"So, let's get to work." Bucky pressed with a grin.
He bobbed his head up and down, mouth working on Steve’s cock until it hit the back of his throat and he had to pull out again. Tony loved seeing Steve this way, feeling him shake underneath him with the loss of control and the pleasure he was getting. He sped up his pace, tongue flat against Steve’s cock as he took him back into his mouth again.
“I’m a good boy?” Clint tried.
Tony sighed, “Okay, well you call him and tell him Tony is here to see him.”
“That’s why I don’t want to do it.” Rumlow agreed, “The choice is yours, Tony. You build the missile without the motivation; prove to be a good little worker and I promise I won’t have to kill everyone you love to force you to do it.”
“First time I’ve tried it.” Steve admitted, “Is it working?”
He was beyond hard, feeling his second orgasm building from the tightness of Tony’s walls around him. This position didn’t allow Steve to look at Tony whilst they had sex, something he loved to do. To watch the changes on his face from the pleasure but the angle did let him plunge in deeper and hold Tony closer as he did so, and Steve had to admit there was something oddly nice about it. The intimacy of it all as he thrust into Tony and wrapped him up in his arms.
Steve frowned, “Press?”
Then she was gone, breezing past Steve with her mask back in place and her head high. That was the problem with survivors. They weren’t very good at vulnerable. Vulnerable gets you killed.
Tony took a shaky breath, “Because if you don’t then I’ll destroy your legacy myself. I’ll go to the press and tell them why I left home. I’ll tell them about the drinking and the abuse. I’ll show them the scars and explain how I designed more than half the products you made. Who’ll want to buy from you then, Howard? Who would want to trust a liar and a washed-up inventor who might have been brilliant once but has been living off his son’s brilliance for longer than that? A man who beats his own kid because he can’t deal with the fact he has been surpassed?”
He kept moving, rubbing against the little bundle of flesh that was making Tony’s pleasure mount, his lips moved back to his neck, sucking against the hammering pulse point in Tony’s throat. He was going to come like this, without Steve even needing to touch his cock.
Steve’s blood left his brain, travelling south at the words Tony had spoken. A smirk curved onto his face and he couldn’t resist pulling Tony back in so he could feel the excitement Steve was getting at his words, “I should have known you’d be the boss type.”
“You’re talking like you’re one of them.” Rhodey spat out, “Is that what you are now?”
Tony was already moving, feet heading for the door. He stopped short as another man climbed up the last couple of stairs, fixing Tony was a grin as he calmly walked towards him, Tony took a few steps backwards, umbrella raised in his fists.
Tony shook his head, “Rumlow’s going to hurt people. He’s going to sell those bombs to the highest bidder and people will die, Howard. That’s going to be on you, is that really what you want? Is that how much profit means to you?”
Steve felt his own shiver, moving his hand off Tony’s knee to cover his mouth. Tony was always a vocal lover, it was one of the things Steve loved about him but right now they didn’t need to bring the whole house down to the kitchen because he was shouting out.
“It’s for Tony.” Steve reminded him, “Fury, is there a way to get the body out of here without being seen?”
“I’m going after Rumlow.” Steve told him, “He needs to pay for this.”
Tony shivered, hips stuttering blindly as Steve increased their hands and his own thrusts grew sloppy as his orgasm teased at the edges of his vision.
“I guess not,” Tony mused, “How’d you sign up for this, you don’t seem like the gang type.” Then when he thought better of it, he added, “You don’t have to answer that, it’s none of my business.”
“This is a big mess, okay? There are reporters outside for you and you’re covered in blood and fuck Tony, this is bad. I don’t know how to get you out of this one.” Rhodey’s voice was sad and heartbroken and Tony wondered if he could cry for Ross and Rhodey and even Howard together.
It was the wrong move then and it was the wrong move now.
“Not without you.” Tony replied, “I have something. It might work.” He flexed his gloved hand for emphasis.
“I don’t want Peter to walk in on us screwing.” Tony warned him.
The shouts grew louder, boots thundering against the concrete floor.
Both cops were silent, and Steve could see them mulling it over. It was the offer of a lifetime, the chance for Ross to achieve everything he came to Brooklyn for before Christmas and without innocent bloodshed. It was tempting and he’d be a fool not to take it.
“48 hours. Got it.” Steve nodded.
But this wasn’t about Steve, this was about them. Those people that would bleed and fight and die for him. The ones who’d sacrifice everything they had if he asked. He wouldn’t. He’d much rather lay down on the wire himself.
Bucky had the decency to look guilty, “Why him?”
Tony huffed impatiently, shoving his ass back onto Steve finger, “I’m ready.”
Steve was on his feet in an instant, hand pulling his gun off the table and clicking off the safety. Everyone else followed suit, even Tony was on his feet as Steve went for the front door despite having no weapon.
Thor was currently decorating the pavement at his feet with blood and brain matter and Steve was more than happy to leave him to it as he focused on the gun taking him on. He wasn’t very well built and seemed around the same age as Steve. It was very unlikely that he’d been through half the shit Steve had though, he looked too green. Briefly, Steve wondered what Sitwell had told him to get him to come on a suicide mission to kill The Captain and destroy the Avengers. Was it money? Legacy? A high-ranking place in whatever new Hydra regiment was happening?
“I can. I have pull in the right places. I’ll push for them to move him to a state that has the death penalty. It won’t be too hard when everyone thinks he’s a cop killer who just hacked a man’s head clean off.” Ross smiled, all teeth and smugness.
Steve closed his eyes, “Because I didn’t want to.” He admitted, “Because I like him, more than I should. More than I have any right to allow myself.”
Tony closed the door behind them softly, glancing around Steve’s room with eager eyes. It was the first time he’d stayed over. Normally they stayed at Tony’s place, less people there. Steve was glad they were here though, if Rumlow was coming after him then he wanted Tony to be protected.
“I need more, fuck, I need to come.” Tony whispered hoarsely.
Sam nodded, “You’ll have a welcoming committee when you do. I’ll even break out the good stuff I keep in the back.”
Steve gave him a sideways glance, “Sitwell’s done. Bucky’s throwing his body in the ocean as we speak. Apparently, Hydra has a new King.”
Steve smirked, “I don’t beg. When he comes for me, he best hopes he kills me first chance he gets. He isn’t going to like what happens if he doesn’t.”
If anyone understood that need for change, it was Steve. The man who turned himself in a mob boss and made an entire city respect and fear him in order to ensure his own survival. Tony didn’t think for a second Steve always enjoyed being a mob boss, having the safety of other people on his shoulders but he carried that weight because it grounded him. It was why he needed to continue surviving, no matter the cost.
Steve had been right; they had been killed somewhere else and moved into a more public location to be found. This had been a set-up, “I read in the report of the first victim there was something under his nails, was it blood from the attacker?”
Steve kissed him, deep and long, “You’re gorgeous like this, you know? I can’t even think straight.”
“You don’t happen to have a flathead screwdriver, think I left mine at the shop.” He replied instead of acknowledging the statement.
“They weren’t going to hurt you, Tony. Rumlow needed the Jericho and I did try asking nicely. I came to your apartment and you, quite literally, shut the door in my face.” Howard told him plainly.
Before he could continue that thought any further Tony had ducked down and placed a kiss on Steve’s chest, mapping out a path with his mouth before taking one of Steve’s nipples between his teeth. Steve’s hips stuttered and he pushed Tony even further into the door behind him, one hand threading through the hair at the base of Tony’s neck and the other gripping at his hip to help establish a rhythm as they ground against one another.
The wound oozed blood sluggishly, staining the dark material of his blue jeans as Steve pulled the gun back to look at his handy work. Again, not a fatal wound but would hurt like hell if he tried to move or walk.
Steve ushered Thor into his office when they reached the attic, already heading for the whiskey he kept on his shelf and two glasses and Thor made himself comfortable on the small leather couch Steve had placed in the corner of the room.
Steve slipped another finger inside but kept the same pace. Tony moaned, pushing himself lower to the table so Steve could stretch him open wider.
“I made a choice I could live with.” Natasha replied, “It wasn’t something Bucky could live with. I can’t take it back now and even if I could, I don’t think I would. I did the right thing for me, even if he doesn’t see it that way.”
So, when Steve arrived at the garage to see Tony with his head under the bonnet of a car and a younger lad he could only guess was Peter flicking through some paperwork with a cat on his lap he wondered whether Tony would be happy to see him.
Steve squeezed his hip, “I’d die for you. I’d do anything to protect you. I’d set the world on fire for you if you asked.”
Steve approached him slowly, shoulders back and relaxed as he came to a stop besides Fury. A cop and a mobster meet at the docks, Steve was sure there was a punchline somewhere lurking.
Steve shifted slightly, “Stabbed with a pocket knife.”
Steve chuckled, “Bath?” He offered instead, knowing they wouldn’t have to worry about standing in a bath.
He was moving against Steve properly then, no more little teasing rolls of his hips. Tony let himself enjoy the feeling of full on rutting against Steve, those hard lines and hot skin against his cock as he bucked his hips against him.
Tony felt sick as he made his way up to Rhodey’s office the next morning. He smelt of sweat and there was an acidic tint about him that reminded him of Clint’s blood, still staining the couch in Steve’s house from where Bruce had worked to get the bullet out the night before.
A different take on the last chapter. And for those who wanted more ironpanther
“No, no, I think I heard wrong, am I still asleep or something?” Tony rambled as he ran a hand through his hair, which was already quite messy.
“Alright, baby, let’s blow everything up”.
“You heard me correctly, this order comes from Fury and I agree with him--” but Steve was cut short.
But he didn’t have to do anything. Upon exiting the lift he spotted Tony right away. The man was on the couch, dead to the world, sleeping for once, and there was a little fluffy lump on his chest. Steve couldn’t help the smile that curved on his lips as the kitten moved, yawning widely and stretching only to move up a few inches and curl up underneath Tony’s jaw.
"Oh, of course, we're missing the movie" Tony looked back to Steve. "Wanna join us, honey?" Tony didn't let Steve answer because he was already setting Peter down, waiting for the other man to join them.
“Why not?” Clint said and got a bit closer only to get a tiny hand smacking him right on the nose, and for being a baby, Peter had a good aim.
“Coffee first” Tony mumbled, clearly not completely human just yet as he padded into the kitchen completely ignoring the fact that the kittens seemed to be pretending to be goats and using Steve as a mountain to climb on, tiny sharp claws holding into the material of Steve’s sweats.
Steve had tried to be strong for his friends and  for everyone around him but sometimes the grief was stronger and pushed through, breaking the façade he had been trying to put around himself, the mask he wore in front of other to hide the empty shell of a man who lost half of his own self. His lips parted in a silent cry and he took a shaky breath that didn't seem to bring any air into his lungs because he felt like he was drowning. He sounded more like a wounded animal than the man everyone believed Steve Rogers was; stubborn, strong, brimming with determination.
"No, Nemo!" Peter giggled but didn't pull away from the kisses.
“You know, you’re very grumpy to be so tiny” Tony said as he gently cleaned the tiny little thing with a damp cloth, holding the kitten by the back of his neck while he kept on hissing and complaining.
Tony wasn’t going to let anyone close enough to see that, not anymore, he had learnt that trust brought nothing good; he had cared and trusted so many people only to have them stabbing him in the back as soon as he turned around; Obie, Pepper, Steve and all the others. And it wasn’t like he was putting his trust in an vain cause, all those people had been people he had known, or so he had though, people who lied to his face while pretending to be his allies, his friends, his family. He had known Obie all his life, the man had helped him raise him, how could Tony ever suspect the man had planned his kidnapping and meant to have him killed, and when that didn’t work, he had practically tore Tony’s heart off his chest while Tony lied there, paralyzed; he still had nightmares about that. Tony had known Pepper for many years now and he understood perfectly how much of an ass he was to her for so long, how many burdens and stress he had put on her with his reckless behavior, and then Iron Man came along and it was just too much, but still Tony had never forgotten how she had been on his side while his weapons murdered millions of people, but the moment he decided to change, to try and correct his mistakes she left, she had left even when Tony had begged her not to leave, still trembling with fear after another night terror, Tony had almost lost her because of a mistake he had made so many years back, Tony had thought she had died when she fell, but Pepper hadn’t been able to accept Iron Man as a part of Tony that he’d never give up even when he had destroyed all his suits for her, so Tony thought breaking apart was the best option for the both of them; they were still friends but Tony still had nightmares about her falling.
“No, no kiss!” was the first thing that came out from Peter, the sleepy voice took away any effectiveness the anger could’ve had, making the kid look rather adorable with his big doe eyes and that cute pout.
For the last few years of somewhat peace they had before Thanos came, it had been Steve's purpose to still defend the weak but he also had his friends, his team; the family that had come together out of a group of barely functional strangers, but also, he had his love. After all the pain and sacrifice he had left behind when he went into the ice, he had been given the chance to find love again, and he had taken into it without holding back. They had pushed through thick and thin together and made it. Steve had loved with all the strength of his very being, Steve had made his goal to make his love as happy as he possibly could and he thought he had succeeded in all the time they had together. It hadn't been easy to achieve, but it had felt natural to Steve, it had flowed and the chemistry they had had been effortless, as if meant to be.
“How come you stopped loving me?”
The King smiled warmly, shaking his head before turning to leave.
They hadn’t had the best of starts, right at each other’s throat but they synced in the battlefield like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. From the very first few minutes of meeting him, Steve had managed to hit a sensitive nerve within Tony, and maybe it as true, maybe he was nothing without the suit, but that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt. And after the whole battle Tony had been so stupid to think that with that self-sacrificing act he had somehow changed Steve’s opinion of him, and perhaps he did for a short period of time, a period of time in which Tony felt fulfilled only to be hit by reality like a ton of bricks when Steve’s opinion of Tony was so easily swayed by Wanda, a child they have met for less than a day with a biased, misinformed, anger-lead opinion, something that should’ve never happened because Steve knew Tony, right? He knew him, he had to. Tony was only assured of that when the truth about Ultron came to light and all the team went against him –even when Tony hadn’t been the only one creating Ultron, Bruce had had a part in it too, but Tony didn’t throw his friend under the bus-, no one had moved a finger when Thor wrapped his hand around Tony’s throat and held him two feet in the air, no one had moved a finger to stop him and they never let him forget. That was the very moment Tony understood that no matter what he did he would never be able to change the way people looked at him.
The little one pushed himself up, still a little wobbly on his feet but Tony didn’t reach to help him, knowing he could do it himself but Tony remained alert in case he fell or tripped with his own feet, all chubby and adorable, and damn, he did make cute babies.
There were no more words exchanged the reporter was escorted out of the premises.
"Papa!" The kid let out a little squeal, chubby hands patting Steve's cheeks.
“There is no one else, Colonel, my systems are functioning perfectly and the security system has not detected any breaches” the AI’s voice lacked a tone of apprehension she always had when things were bad.
I wanted to revisit this series, because I feel that in these times we all need some fluff, and truly, who doesn't? The series will keep the name "Tony Stark as a dad" for those who want to find it easier
Smiling, the prince pulled his lover a bit closer and willed himself to go back to sleep.
Some days were easier than others.
So, um, I'm leaving a tiny sneak peak, I won't be able to update anything for the rest of the month since I'm going on vacation starting today so I thought it was fair to tease you with a little something to ease the wait.
Steve smiled and attempted to kiss Tony again but stopped dead on his tracks when Peter’s lower lip wobbled, threatening to erupt in a full wail fit.
“Put her on the phone”.
"Well, that's because you're his favorite pillow." Steve joked, but there as some truth mixed in there too.
“Shuri will love him” T’Challa smiled down at Tony warmly “And I’m sure my father will approve of his… Grandson” the prince said, quite amused.
"You weren't there to see it." Tony said, his voice soft as not to disturb the toddler currently sleeping on him, but Steve could see the exhaustion in his eyes.
"Please... I can't..." He struggled to speak out every word.
“Set a lock down, don’t tell anyone, and don’t let anyone in”
“What’s up, buddy?” Tony smiled at the kid who held from Tony’s shirt with tiny chubby fingers and stuck his tongue out to Clint who cackled with laugher.
The brunet chuckled and pushed himself up, leaving the kitten there as he occupied himself getting one of the little bowls they’d given him for her and filled it up with water and setting it down. Tony looked at the variety of cans of kitty food and without even looking over his shoulder he spoke aloud “What kind would you like best? You look like a fancy kitty, so what about…” he hummed and turned the cans so he could see all the flavors “Salmon?” he wasn’t exactly waiting for an answer so he went ahead and opened the can and he guessed the smell got the cat’s attention because soon enough he heard a shaky little meow that came from somewhere near his feet.
Loneliness wasn’t good company. T’Challa’s obligation and busy schedule and Tony’s tendency to bottle up his feelings away until they were close to explode made their relationship a bit rocky at first and lack of communication had been their great weakness, still was sometimes but they were getting better at handling it, not letting things accumulate and pile up; T’Challa was very patient and kind and Tony very caring and never gave up, those were their strengths, that and the love and respect they had for each other.
What Tony had described to him wasn't Peter's usual behavior at all. Despite being a very energetic child, Peter wasn't one to throw temper tantrums often, if at all. He was very social too. He loved to say hi to people and smile and play, he was a very sweet kid and hardly ever cried. Steve sometimes wondered just how lucky they were to have him. So to have his husband tell him Peter had been difficult all day long was not something he heard every day. Tony was very patient with Peter and Peter loved Tony with all the strength of his little body, therefore it was a little hard to believe for Steve.
But he came back, to an empty home, an absent team he had never really supposed to be part of, not to lament himself and start a pity party but to take into his responsibilities, to take the blame for all those who weren’t there; let the people blame him, because it’s so easy to blame Tony Stark, so Tony made no move to defend himself, taking all the harsh words, all the hatred stares and the cold shoulders, he went to every funeral of the people who had died as a consequence of all the mess they had created.
“And since when any of you is interested in that?” the brunet gave him a deadpanned look as he arched a dark eyebrow, seemingly very skeptical.
“Alright, the last connection”
Tony announced after a few minutes of being, quite literally, inside the machine, or at least half of his torso was. He sighed as he finally got out and stretched, the bones of his back cracking slightly after being crammed in the same position for a bit too long. Tony looked up at the machine and smiled softly, quite satisfied with the results.
“What was that earlier tonight? That hand on my ass whilst we were talking to Hammer.” Tony asked him softly, eyes fixed on the task at hand. He was changing the subject, Steve jumped on it.
Rhodey nodded, “Okay, if he was Hydra then I believe you. This isn’t how you want to start your reign at SI though.”
He blinked, eyes taking in the clock on the side. It was late morning and he was definitely late for work. He sighed, Peter would be able to handle it, but he was annoyed at himself for sleeping in so late, he was trying to be more responsible than that these days. Building up a company was easy, keeping it afloat was another thing entirely.
The look in Tony’s eyes though, unyielding and passionate and perfect. Steve kissed him, long and deep before pulling back, “We could change our names. Go anyway. Paris? Italy? London? Or find a backwater town that time forgot and stay there.”
When Tony woke up it was to a dull thudding pain in his left temple and a harshly lit room. He was tied to a metal chair with his hands and his feet bound to it with heavy rope. The blood on the side of his face had dried and crusted against his cheek, making his skin feel tight and scratchy.
“I’d follow you anywhere, you know?” Steve told him, “I meant it when I said nothing means a damn without you.”
Ross chuckled, “Is that right?”
Steve froze, his blood ran cold and a tremor went through his hand, “Did you just…?”
“You ever heard of Stark Industries?”
Thor pushed off from the doorframe, "I won't sign the papers. If they want to cage me then they can. I won't let them strip me of everything I am and tell me to live a lie."
Natasha caught up with him on the stairs, barrelling into him with her arms tight around his waist.
Tony’s feet were carrying him to a safe harbour without his mind really registering it but he let his shoulders slump with relief at the sight of Rhodey in front of his eyes, sitting behind his desk at the police station with a frown on his face and paperwork stacked up around him. Tony couldn’t even remember getting up to Rhodey’s office but he was glad he was here. Rhodey had always been good at picking up his pieces and it was selfish but it was better than reaching for a drink so it’s all he had.
Steve couldn’t speak, the fear rising within him. No way Rumlow would have recognised him from his voice and that sentence alone. No way.
Howard rubbed his chin, “Every three months and a public dinner one a month. The press needs to see us building bridges. It will be good for the SI image.”
Steve smiled, “Sorry, I really have to be somewhere. Nice talking to you fellas.” He started walking again. A trigger-happy cop shot off a warning shot that hit the brick wall a few feet away from Steve. Sloppy.
This chapter contains smut!
“I’m trying to protect you.”
The click of the gun didn't slow Steve down, the adrenaline in his body was working overtime and the only though he had was to get to Tony.
"Steve?!" He called out, eyes scanning the familiar ice blue eyes and beard underneath the blood.
“They’re okay.” Tony sighed, closing his eyes for a moment of relief.
They opened fire on his retreating back.
“You care about him a lot.” Tony commented with a smile, happy to see Steve had this. This family, these people. And now, he also had Tony.
“Take your pants off, now.” Steve ordered in a tone that was all the Captain and sent a bolt of pleasure straight to Tony’s dick. Even tied up he was still calling the shots to make this good for both of them.
Steve nodded before a frown came to his face, “Where’s Tony?” He thought Tony would be here, waiting for him although perhaps that was a naïve fantasy. They weren’t exactly together right now despite what Tony had said to him.
“Did you know there’s a whole buzzfeed article dedicated to whether you wear boxers or briefs?” Tony blurted out and then seemed to realise what he had said because Steve could see him blush.
"Tony?" He asked before he could stop himself.
“Are you ready to talk to me about last night?” Tony asked, “The phone call?”
Steve nodded, “But you won’t.”
Stupid.
“He isn’t going to fall for this. He isn’t going to come for me. It was one time; something tells me he isn’t about to risk everything for some guy he happened to fuck after getting drunk in a bar.” Tony spat out; he needed this guy to believe that there was nothing to use against Steve. That is was a simple drunk mistake and Steve wouldn’t care for a moment if he decided to kill Tony.
Bucky held his gaze for a second longer and then he was gone, slipping deftly out of the room, barely breezing past Tony in his haste to leave. Steve could hear his feet on the stairs, heavy thuds that got duller as they climbed.
Steve moved over to her, having a seat on the plush purple covers as he rubbed his forehead, “This feels different, Nat. I have a gut feeling on this one. These cops being killed? It’s clever, it puts us right in the police and public eye. I don’t know if I can protect everyone from that forever.”
The shot rang out before Steve could even blink.
Steve’s eyes were on his, sinful and dark and Tony couldn’t look away. The air was thick around them and the silence was deafening. He could have heard a pin drop; it was that palpable between them. Neither one dared to move. Neither wanted to break whatever was holding them in place.
Bucky scoffed, “It’s fine. It’s our problem. We aren’t about to bring it into the team.”
Natasha tilted her head, "You wouldn't leave Brooklyn without a fight, Steve. These immunity deals, if we sign then are you signing too?"
Tony stayed like that, Steve’s fingers inside him as he rolled his hips, not pulling away from Steve’s hand. Steve understood what he needed and immediately started moving his fingers, rubbing against Tony’s prostate gently with the pads of his fingers.
Fury didn’t answer, searching in Steve’s eyes for something. Steve wasn’t sure what, but the way Fury was looking at him was making him uncomfortable.
Tony shifted closer, closing the gap between them, pressing his mouth to the back of Steve’s hand whilst their fingers were still locked together, “You didn’t. Just never really had someone willing to kill for me before.”
The narrow slits of red looked at Steve and a bloodied smile curved onto his face, “It doesn’t matter if you kill me or not. You’re not getting out of here. It’ll be a body bag or handcuffs, Captain. Men like us aren’t suited for anything else.”
T’Challa was holding back a laugh, “The look on their faces never gets old.”
Peter reached out a hand to scratch the ginger cat’s ear, “I found him sniffing around the bins this morning when I opened up. He looked hungry so I gave him some of the tuna sandwich in the fridge and he hasn’t left.”
“It’s fine, I’m not here for your approval.” Tony told him and honestly, he wasn’t.
Steve hummed, lifting his head up to look at Tony softly and bleary eyed, “Yeah, Tony?”
Nat shrugged, “Nothing we couldn’t handle.”
“Sweetheart, I’m gonna cum.” Steve groaned out, “I’m gonna…”
“He hired you again, didn’t he?” Bruce replied, “He doesn’t do that, ever. Never uses the same person twice. He doesn’t like people poking around that he doesn’t trust. This is your second time here, clearly he likes you.”
“Okay, you’re going to have to apologise though.” He replied, “But so will I. I lied to him about seeing you and to get into the police station to slip you that device.”
“I want to be the one to kill you, Steve. I want to be the man who killed The Captain.”
“Well, that’s what family does, right?” Tony smiled, placing his empty coffee mug to the side to place a warm hand over Steve’s on his leg, “Speaking of family, I saw Natasha coming out of Bucky’s room this morning. They were laughing.”
Steve grabbed onto Bucky’s shoulders, making sure he was looking at him, “This is bigger than us, Buck. This is bad. The cop killings, Hydra, everything is conspiring against us.”
Thor ran his own fingers down the letters, “Someone from another life.”
Steve swallowed thickly, “The army. A mission in Afghanistan. I was clearing out a building with my team, a bomb went off. The shrapnel tore through my leg on the way out.”
Tony felt awkward standing there, hands in his pockets, “I should get going. Tell Bucky to text me when he’s back with my car and I’ll come pick it up.”
“Oh Jesus.” Fury cursed, slipping in the room and closing the door, “Tell me this isn’t what it looks like.”
“If I help you get Rumlow, does the immunity for my team still count?” Steve asked.
Tony shuffled further along the wall, “Don’t touch me. Please, don’t touch me.” He tucked his knees further up against his chest.
Steve nodded, knowing that if that was really what Tony wanted to do then he’d respect it. He’d honour any choice Tony made, even if it wasn’t one he liked. Steve wanted to keep them separate. The Captain and Tony’s Steve, he wanted to have something to protect when this was all over, but Tony was right. If this was the end, then he should be by Steve’s side.
“Put names to faces. As soon as he figures out who The Captain is, he’ll come for you. He has the arrest warrant on his desk, just needs a name at the top.”
“I’m a very good mechanic.” Tony answered, heart hammering in his chest at the statement.
“Do you miss it?” Tony asked, “The army.”
“You’ll be sleeping in the wet patch.” Steve reminded him with a smile and a kiss against his shoulder.
“You don’t have to…”
“You want him to create weapons for us?” Clint asked, half a sandwich in his hands.
Sitwell was pleading and snivelling and honestly, Steve was tempted to put a bullet in him just to shut him up but he wanted answers first, “Get him up against the car.” Steve ordered with a scowl, pocketing the gun in his hands into his jacket.
Steve looked up sharply when Fury walked back in, striding over to unlock the cuffs without looking him in the eye. He was tense and Steve frowned. Something was wrong.
“Say I agreed to this trade of yours and between us we managed to bring Hydra down. Then what?” Steve asked, the wind whipping at his hair and his jacket.
The Kid was sweating now, he was vibrating with the effort to stay still. Steve watched as the gun in his palm quivered. He almost wanted to feel sorry for the Kid. This was getting tragic. “Alright, shoot me.” He smiled, a twinkle in his blue eyes that was nothing short of dangerous.
“We need to find him.” Steve gritted out, trying not to let the anger bleed through his tone. On any other day, the thought of his family accepting his relationship with Tony would have been a moment to celebrate but right now all he could focus on was the fact that Tony wasn’t here.
Several Hydra men around the corner with guns, eyes trained on Tony.
Bucky frowned, “Okay, give us a plan.”
“Tony, is he okay?” Steve asked when Fury had closed the door and was taking a seat opposite him, “The others, where are they?”
“Set up the meeting,” Steve sighed, “We’re not getting much sleep tonight.”
“You had a meeting today with Hydra’s new boss. I just need to know who that is.” Steve responded, “If you answer me honestly, I promise I’ll make it quick.”
Didn’t he want this?
But he didn’t. He was on his own.
That ended the moment he opened his front door and was greeted with the stern face of his father on the other side, hand raised as if he were about to knock.
Tony frowned, “Rumlow, did he…?”
“Your dad’s working with Hydra, right? If Steve knew I let you go alone then he’d put a bullet in me, family or not.” Bucky replied and when Tony glanced over he noticed Bucky’s attention was focused on the window and the blurring streets as Tony drove.
Steve looked at her softly, “You should stay here with Bucky.”
“I’m counting on it.”
“Oh, I’m going to enjoy this.”
The morgue was cold and oppressing in Steve’s opinion. All tiled stone floors and off green walls with peeling paint. Clearly no one thought to decorate considering most of the people who came down here were already dead. The mortician was clearly expecting them, standing out with a file over a body in a body bag as he checked his notes.
No, he wasn’t. But he had Tony.
Steve sighed, “Tony Stark.”
Steve slammed his head down again and Rumlow’s eyes rolled back. His vision was off centre, and his grip was loosening around Steve’s wrist.
For a brief moment Tony wondered if he should leave Steve to it, let him work out whatever he needed to without the distraction but there was something in the frantic edge to Steve’s punches and the way sweat slid down his temple that Tony just couldn’t walk away from. He approached cautiously, Steve gave no sign of hearing him, but he didn’t tense when Tony laid a gentle palm on his back. Steve stilled mid-punch, catching the bag with one hand as he dropped his head.
“Not possible.” Tony retorted, “I’ve never pressed my ear up against a door to listen in on the conversation inside.”
“And you’re slacking off.” Tony jested, “Is this what my tax dollars are paying for? Cops who take leisure days?”
Tony pulled back properly, letting Steve go. Letting Steve be what he needed to be to get the job done.
Rhodey quirked an eyebrow, “I’m already mad, you’ve got nothing to lose.”
She gave him a smile that didn’t meet her eyes, “He’s your best friend, I won’t put you in that position.”
He had always been good with his hands, nimble fingers of a mechanic and so it took him no time at all to have one end of the bow tie fastened to the headboard of Steve’s bed and the other wrapped around his wrist.
Steve took that time to study Tony, to watch as Tony Stark worked himself apart on Steve’s cock only for Steve to put him back together. This position was intimate, Steve could feel every line of Tony’s body, he could see every flicker of pleasure in his eyes and hear every gasp when Steve thrust back into him.
“Details?” She asked.
Tony took the invite from his hands, “To a gala. Fancy.”
Tony’s mouth was magic, that was Steve’s first thought, as he felt Tony’s tongue swirl around his nipple before moving up to suck at his neck. Steve felt more blood rush down to his dick as Tony sucked at his skin, his hands moving with ease to Steve’s back, digging his fingers into Steve’s shoulder blades.
“Peter, this is Cap.” Tony introduced, “Cap, Peter.”
Glancing at the clock on his computer Steve knew if he left soon, he’d still make it. He began to cover up all his paperwork in a heap to sort through later, getting to his feet whilst ignoring the pain in his back from sitting in that damn chair for hours on end.
Steve pressed closer to him, lining up every inch of their bodies so he was almost bent over Tony, hands on either side of the desk for leverage.
Peter wasn’t put off in the slightest, “I think the little old ladies will love him. Women like men that are good with animals.”
Tony had walked into the shop many times to be greeted to the sight of Peter in various worrying situations. That one time the kid had got his hand stuck whilst trying to install a new engine into Mr Dawson’s car or the time he had spread himself out on the floor and was sorting out jelly beans into different bowls by colour because he hated the taste of the yellows even though Tony was sure they all tasted the same.
“I can’t let him die because of me.” Steve insisted, “This whole mess is my fault. I should have listened to Bucky. I should have walked away and let Tony go.”
“That’s your mob tag, isn’t it?” Fury demanded, “Carved into the chest of one of our officers?”
Tony froze for a second, “What?”
Bucky grinned, “The ladies love me.”
Tony’s hands moved from his knees, cold fingers digging into Steve’s shoulder blades, allowing Steve to use him in whatever way he needed to follow Tony into bliss. Steve leaned his head down, licking a strip up Tony’s chest as his own hips stuttered with the promise of release.
“Does that mean I’m going to get killed tonight?” Tony asked with a smile.
Tony ran a hand through his hair, “It seemed like you wanted it this morning when you were blowing me but maybe I read that wrong.” The venom in his voice was something Steve never wanted aimed at him and yet he knew he deserved every second of it.
Tony was breathing heavily beside him, the adrenaline making him sweat.
Steve held the phone tighter, “I know. I just need time. Hydra’s making bombs, we have to stop it.”
She nodded, “Okay. What can I do?”
“I’m DI Fury,” Eye-Patch introduced himself before gesturing to his partner, “This is DI Rhodes.” The man gave him a small nod and went back to his file, “He’s nice. I’m not.”
Something told him he wouldn’t be able to do that for much longer.
Steve sighed, “Fancy meeting you here.” He tried although lacking his normal charm.
Tony scoffed, “If we live through this I might just have to tie Steve up in the basement, so he doesn’t pull this shit again.”
Tony fought the bile rising in his throat.
“I’m an idiot.” Tony muttered into Rhodey’s shirt, hating himself for wanting to pretend Rhodey’s arms were Steve’s for a moment.
He and Peter were close now, the Kid worked whenever he could and wasn’t in school and Tony always slipped some extra money into his pay packet so he had some extra money to play with after giving some to Aunt May for housekeeping. He was a hit with customers and honestly, the hardest worker Tony had ever seen so Tony was more than happy to give him the extra cash.
He hired Peter on the spot when the kid had come to ask for a job, working on Saturday’s for a little bit of money and the chance to learn more about the mechanical side of things. He had waffled too much and Tony was sure his hair hadn’t seen a brush in weeks but he liked him, the youthful babble and pop culture references and Tony had told him he could start the next week.
“Yes.” The word sounded hollow and empty in his mouth, “And now it might have been all for nothing.”
Selfish. Selfish. Selfish.
“No. Hospital.” Bucky bit out through pained breath.
“Why are you here?” Tony asked him softly, keeping pace with him as Steve took another corner. The bodies he had killed minutes before were still decorating the floor of the corridor. Steve barely paid them any attention as he guided Tony through the mess.
Tony turned in his arms as much as possible in the small space, looking at Steve softly, “That’s a big step.”
“Didn’t you?” Fury raised his eyebrow, pulling out a wad of papers from his jacket. Steve looked at them closely, the familiar immunity deals paperwork he’d once stared at for hours on end. They now bore different signatures that looked nothing like his family’s but were meant to represent their agreement in this arrangement. Fury had doctored the paperwork.
“Say another word about him, I dare you.” Steve snarled.
Tony shivered, “You don’t need to start a war for me.”
“Steve…”
“He didn’t even bat an eyelid when I told him the job was for The Captain. Just asked to see the bike like it was just another day at the office.” She mused.
“I wanted to protect you. I needed to protect you. But I shouldn’t have done it like this. I took that choice away from you. I should never have decided that for you, Tony. I’m sorry.” Steve told him, eyes pleading and throat thick.
“I’ll see to it, Captain.” Thor replied, “Have a good night.”
“The way you walk, the way you talk. You’re a classic example of American military.” Sitwell conceded with a scowl, “That doesn’t mean I won’t enjoy killing you.”
“God, yes please.” Tony replied, if only to be able to escape the room and pretend to ignore the raised voices from upstairs.
In those weekly therapy group meetings, he had told people to move on and to take baby steps, to fight the small battles as they came and to live day by day. But for him those words were useless as the days bled into each other, the hours passing by like molasses. While the void inside him grew, left by the big piece that had been taken form him, the piece of Steve that died with Tony.
Some days he could go by; seeing his friends helped. Sam had tried to get him to talk and seek help, grief counseling he had called it, Bucky just stood by him, occasionally resting a hand on Steve's shoulder, a silent offer of support Steve was free to take if he wanted. He had visited Clint and his family but he had felt so out of place among their happiness he made a hasty retreat with a brief goodbye and a promise of a call he never got around to make. Steve had met Nat and Rhodey at times during the reconstruction of the compound and some brief missions to help in what they could to the countries that allowed them in. He had met Pepper and Happy once for a brief cup of coffee but the silence between them and the forced, brittle smiles they gave him had made Steve look away, making up an excuse neither Pepper nor Happy questioned him about.
Steve had shown him his dark side, sharp contrast between the man who firmly believed on protecting the innocent and team work, that there was nothing they couldn’t fight if they were together, the very same man who had kissed him and held him, and the same man Tony had looked up to and wanted to make him proud. Steve had shown him his dark side, and Tony was terrified of him.
“We’ve come a long way from being those kids in Brooklyn, haven’t we?” T’challa sighed, “Sometimes I miss those days.”
Once in his room with the door shut, Steve allowed himself a moment to breathe. He let his eyes slide shut as his back rested against the wood of his door and he felt his hands start to shake.
“I’m not giving up.” Steve told him, eyes looking at the rest of his family, “We’re not giving up. We’re The Avengers, we don’t give up.”
“What happened?” Bucky demanded, eyes on Clint as Bruce worked.
He stopped when he got to Steve’s belly button, feeling the mob boss taunt like a string under his mouth. He gave the skin a teasing nip before soothing it with his tongue and he heard Steve test the restraint again with a triumphant smile that he hid into Steve’s skin.
Steve nodded, “Okay, stay off the highways though. Back streets only. Ross will be looking for me.”
“Come on, let’s get a drink.” Steve called out to Thor as he motioned for the man to follow him up the stairs. Thor nodded, never one to pass up a beer, leaving his hammer propped up by the front door like an umbrella next to a coat rack.
Steve frowned, “Does he suspect you?”
“Meet Ned.” The cat seemed to purr at that.
“You need to put these on.” Fury told him and he passed him the cap and shades.
Tony slowly tore his eyes away from the body and met Steve’s. They were scared and lost; a wild brown that made Steve want to cry for him. He wouldn’t be able to come back from this, he knew, Tony’s only chance was to make room for it.
He whipped the door open quickly, barrel of the gun level with a solid chest and a familiar looking jacket.
Ross nodded, “But I know what will happen to him. I’ll personally make sure it’s a lengthy trial. A murderer of his profile, they’ll put him in a hole underground to wait for sentencing. No natural light, stale air. No human contact. Just darkness and waiting. He’ll barely look human when he finally gets his trial. No one would believe he is anything less than a killer.”
Steve chuckled but didn’t respond, how could he?
“And the King of Brooklyn would be a nice notch on your bedpost.” Steve nodded.
“I’ll go to him, catch him off guard. Bucky will have numbers and a strategy by now. I should go alone. It might get ugly.”
In reality, he was exhausted and using the arc reactor was taking its toll on his body still running without food or sleep but he'd fight until he dropped if that's what it took.
He fixed the little device to the lock on his cell, hit the switch and stood back a few feet. He waited with held breath, wondering if Tony had got his instructions right or Steve had misheard him, then the device started smoking a little, there was a creak of metal and the door opened a little. Steve peered round but no one was down in the cells with him, they didn’t dare put anyone with The Captain.
Tony jerked again, “Fuck, Steve. Please, fuck.”
“I don’t know, Steve.” Bucky sneered, “What the hell was that?”
“Just another minute? I want to watch this.” Tony replied, he moved his hand out into the cold air, fingers searching for Steve’s as he tangled their hands together.
It would have been too easy for them just to be able to walk out of there and Steve should have guessed that the lack of men in the hallways was because they were all heading to block off the exit. Rumlow had taught them something at least.
“Tony” Steve sighed once more “Look, we’ve have our differences” he ignored Tony’s scoff “But I’m trying, alright?” he tried again “Okay, I have a proposition, mh? You can try it for one week, and if by the end of that time you still don’t like it then you can back out and I’ll tell Fury it didn’t work out, what do you say?” Steve looked up at Tony, not wanting to look too hopeful, even though that hope faded the longer Tony kept looking at him as if he suddenly grown a second head, or like he had gone absolutely crazy, which Steve felt like he would soon if that situation didn’t resolve itself.
And time passed and he didn't heal.
“I thought so” Tony smiled sleepily.
"Petey has been obsessing over this soup ever since Bruce brought Thai food from a new restaurant last weekend. I could place an order and get them to deliver it so you can come straight home, since you surely want to shower." Steve could hear faint noise in the background.
“In my defense, it’s all her fault” Tony chuckled and gave that soft, warm smile he only kept for those he loved the most, which were his closest friends, his husband and their little girl.
And damn Steve had missed this.
“And she just pushed her” Tony finished off, chuckling.
“Friday, who is here?” Rhodey called aloud as he made it to where the sound had come from, one of his guns in hand as he turned around the corner and out of the living room, eyes observant to any noise and any movement, senses alert to any possible threat that had, somehow, passed through Friday.
"Hey, munchkin, what's with the face?" Tony scooped him up easily. "Do you want hugs and kisses too, is that what you want?" Steve found himself smiling as he watched Tony kiss Peter's cheeks.
“Boss!”
“Jesus fucking Christ, what is all that noise?” Clint walked into the common area to a little concert.
Tony couldn’t afford to back down and run away like many other cowards have –like certain star spangled assholes- because so many people depended on him and so many people wanted to see him break down and Tony wasn’t about to give them the pleasure, he’d prove them all wrong, even if his life went out like a candle in the process. Stark men didn’t cry, Stark men didn’t break, they stood proud and shiny like gold, even when they were about to succumb at any minute.
“Looks like you are not the only one out of bed” T’Challa spoke aloud, careful to keep his voice not too loud as not to disturb the little one.
Steve had to smile at that because who on earth would’ve said Tony Stark would be god with kids? Let alone have one. But what most people knew of Tony was his public persona for the people close to him knew just how good Tony was with children, it was a thing that came natural to him, you just had to see the gentle way he treated Peter, how easy he got him to smile and laugh and how completely smitten Peter was with his ‘mama’, or rather, how much Peter seemed to dislike anyone who wasn’t Tony. Well, dislike was going a bit too far, after all, Peter was in that terrible age or stubbornness and he had to get his way or he threw a fit that no one was willing to subject their poor ears to, so they almost always ended up giving him what he wanted, which usually turned out to be Tony.
“You’re so selfish” Shuri pouted at the little girl who was pretty much curled up on Tony’s chest and looking very happy on her spot “You hear me?” Shuri poked one of Vela’s tiny chubby feet and Vela pocked her tongue out at her in retaliation, Shuri gasped, pretending to be hurt.
Tony couldn’t bring himself to hate the guy, hell, he barely knew him furthermore than all the historical information about him, and he wasn’t about to judge him based on that like many people had done to Tony himself. But he couldn’t help but hate the person Steve became thanks to his obsession to get his friend back; he had put worldwide peace at risk, he had become a criminal, he had dragged people with him, same people that had lost their families thanks to their decisions –and no matter how much Barton and Lang had tried to blame it on Tony, they were grown ass men that decided to go against the law-, Steve had torn the team apart despite Tony’s desperate efforts to keep them together, Steve had turned his back on him without a second thought.
She spotted her brother in law and her niece right away, lying on the large bed sans her brother, apparently they were also trying to wait for T’Challa to arrive from a trip that was taking a bit too long. Tony patted the bed besides him in a silent invitation that Shuri took right away, smiling and climbing onto the soft mattress, sighing and curling up a bit closer, and maybe a bit too close for Vela wasn’t subtle when she pointed it out.
“Now all we have to do is load it” Tony said as he faced at the little person sitting nearby on the floor “Wanna help me?” he asked, smiling when the little boy nodded, giving him a gummy smile that showed only two tiny bunny teeth, the little one watched him with those big brown eyes that had anyone who looked at him wrapped around his little finger.
From that day on Tony started to take the kitten with him if he had to go out. She sat on his shoulder like a puffy little parrot.
“Um… Tony?” Steve’s voice sounded insecure, just like it did whenever the man was stuck not really knowing what to do or say, like when he encountered crying babies; and people still thought he was good with kids, and yeah, maybe he was, but not with babies. But right then he wasn’t dealing with kids but with four kittens doing their best attempt to climb up his sweatpants.
It made alarms go off in Rhodey’s head because those were dangerous times; the line that divided the relative peace and world chaos was taut and it seemed like it would snap at any minute. After the so called war, things had stilled into what it appeared to be the eye of the storm, the exact moment before everything took a turn for the worse. They were at the point in which one single step out of place, one single mistaken action would start a chain reaction.
"I can see you're very comfortable there." Steve spoke up and smiled as two pairs of brown eyes looked up at him.
“Oh, this is gonna be so much fun” Tony said, getting back up and setting the kid on top of the laundry machine.
“What look?” Steve tilted his head to the side slightly.
They said they had won. They had defeated Thanos, they had brought back all those who perished after the snap and those killed by the mad Titan. But they had also lost. It was a loss that had broken Steve down to his very core.
“You sure you don’t wanna come over? We’ll get the food and be right back, some fresh air would do you good”
“If I knew what to do I’d do it” the Captain gave his teammate a stern look.
T’Challa frowned and looked at the little one; she had her head hidden against Tony’s neck, her messy dark hair everywhere and tiny chubby hands holding onto her papa’s shirt. The king reached out to rub her back and that certainly got her attention, she looked up at him with big brown eyes and a pout that could’ve have anyone melting right away. The king asked her in wakandan, inquiring what was wrong with words he whispered softly against her hair as he pressed a kiss against it, the little girl didn’t answer, mostly because she couldn’t exactly talk properly yet-even though she could understand everything perfectly, and opened her mouth, pointing with a little finger and T’Challa was able to see what was causing his little love such distress; right there the tips of two tiny bunny teeth could be seen.
“Put her on the phone” Tony repeated his words, this time slower, as if he were talking to a kid.
“No? You don’t want me to kiss him?” Steve chuckled, rather amused and leaned in to kiss Tony again only to be stopped by a tiny chubby hand pushing at his face.
"Then when we finally were able to go home he wouldn't even let Pepper hug me goodbye." Tony said, his eyebrows arching all the way to his hairline.
Sorry for the delay, work has been absolutely crazy and I've barely had time to sit down and write, much less inspiration, but here it is, finally.
Friday’s voice brought him back to himself. He was in the middle of his lab and judging by the holograms near him, it was around 2:37am.
Steve held onto the person that was closest to him and tried to stand but his knees gave out, taking him down with a thud on the wooden floor, and he would've fallen harder but whoever he was holding to take some of his weight.
“No, mama!” he whimpered, close to tears.
It was dark inside the apartment, dark enough to be unsettling as to why the door would have been left open. Steve couldn’t stop the fear that invaded his senses and pooled into his chest. Something was off.
He removed his arm and watched as Bucky threw himself at Sitwell.
“You took it, right?” Tony asked, “I need you. All of you. I can’t…”
“And they both no longer have their fingers.” Sitwell sighed, “Your work, I believe, Widow?”
“I’m guessing this wasn’t part of your plan?” Fury’s voice echoed as he stepped into the room, he carried an air of something about him, but no pity or judgement laced his voice and for that Steve was grateful.
“And I think he’s coming to us.” Natasha replied, nodding her head towards the distance where the blue lights were flashing ever closer to them.
“I do.”
Steve hit the floor hard, back stinging against the cold concrete through his jacket as Rumlow landed with him. The gun was knocked from his hand and Rumlow had thrown his own away mid-charge. He wanted this to be bloody and vicious and animalistic. He wanted to walk out of there with Steve’s blood on his skin and claim his victory like a bloody crusader, getting the dirty work done.
He felt the burn of his thighs from their activities and he almost wanted to wince because if he was feeling it then Tony would definitely be sore today. Steve managed to move off the bed without too much jostling, not disturbing Tony as he worked to retrieve his jeans and boxers from where they were discarded on the floor last night.
“No? What about Sam Wilson? Or Thor Odinson? How about Natasha Romanoff?” Rumlow sneered, “They were easier to find when I knew what I was looking for.”
There was something about Bucky in that moment, so vulnerable and open that Steve couldn’t remember last seeing. When they were kids maybe? Before Afghanistan that was for sure. This was a side of Bucky that Natasha normally dealt with, but Natasha wasn’t there anymore. Even now, the distance between them despite being in the same house felt like miles. Steve could see it eating away at Bucky, and it broke his heart to see his best friend struggle so much.
Steve winced at the metal chaffing his wrists, “Thanks for the pick-up.” He replied softly as Fury helped him to his feet.
“Not on my watch.” Steve replied, “Bucky, hand me your lighter.”
Tony frowned, “You went with him? You didn’t even know him.”
“You want to be fuck buddies?” Steve asked with a smirk.
Fury sighed, “Okay, I’ll go see if Ross is finished with Tony and we’ll go from there.”
It was Natasha that spoke, “They were selling guns to children.” Her voice was deadly firm and quiet. She still commanded every presence in her vicinity to take notice of her.
Tony wasn’t building Rumlow anything, he was creating a mini arc reactor that fit into the centre of his palm and would produce enough energy to disable the locking system on the door and let him walk out of there.
“Coulson had it as well.” Adam nodded, “Not blood but dirt. Probably got there whilst the mark was being carved into their chests. They were both shown to have defensive wounds.”
Steve shook his head, Rumlow was messing with him. He needed to stay focused, but he could remember it. The medical tent, the bandages pressing against his skin. He could hear Rumlow’s laugh in the hot air of the evening and felt the sharp impact of something on the back of his skull.
He popped the button on his own jacket, shrugging out of it quickly before doing the same with his waistcoat. They both ended up in a heap on the floor, but Tony’s only focus was on the way Steve was watching him from the bed. He was getting turned on by seeing Tony turned on.
He expected Tony to hit him. He wanted Tony to hit him. They needed to make this real for any Hydra goons watching. It was why Steve picked the docks. A public location near Hydra’s base. He needed to send a message that the mechanic wasn’t important, it was the only way to protect Tony from Hydra. Leaving him was the only way to protect Tony from ending up in a cell next to him as an accomplice.
“I am.” Fury insisted, “We’ll get this case thrown out due to Ross’ involvement. We’ll out him as Hydra. No one will want to prosecute when it’s this much of a mess. I’ll say you were my informant, you helped with Hydra and Ross in return for immunity.”
Rumlow wheezed back into consciousness with a bubble of blood spitting out of his mouth and a heave of his chest. Steve watched him as he dug his fingernails into the concrete beneath him and tried to open his eyes.
“Thank you.” Tony spoke, voice softer than Steve was used to, “Really. Rumlow threatened them and I can’t let them get hurt because of me.”
He’d turned the tables on the mechanic of course, when he brought him downstairs and ushered him into the same vintage car they had once fucked in. Tony’s blush as he slid into the passenger seat, no doubt remembering the last time he’d been there was beautiful, and Steve couldn’t resist squeezing his knee with a smirk as they pulled out.
Tony had moved in a few days before, merging the small boxes of his belongings in with Steve effortlessly. It was almost like they fit together. It was natural to see Tony’s shirts hanging up with his. Their socks next to each other in the drawer. Steve would always get a soft smile when he saw one of Tony’s books on the nightstand and a notebook ready for when he was in bed and an idea suddenly came to him. Steve had given him free reign of the garage too, his own space to experiment and test out his theories. Tony had rewarded him with a heart stopping kiss when Steve had presented it to him, eyes drifting to the cars in the corner with a seductive glint. Everything seemed easier with Tony there, team movie nights were fuller with Tony curled up into him and even their disastrous attempts at cooking together were filled with a laughter and contentment that Steve didn’t think he’d ever get.
Once he walked the length of downtown Brooklyn in the same frantic need to keep moving. It helped him think, the motion, the mindless act of putting one foot in front of the other. The direction didn’t matter, just as long as he was moving.
“So, you’ll run away with me?” Tony smiled bright and hopeful and how could Steve refuse?
Tony wasn’t an expert, but he was pretty sure one-night stands didn’t normally leave a note. He couldn’t help the fond smile that crossed his face, the way Steve had started to write ‘Cap’ before changing his mind and going with his actual name. Tony felt a pang of something heavy and uncomfortable in the pit of his stomach.
Steve frowned, “You owe me, T’challa. It was my gentle persuasion that got you into office in the first place and you know if you help me, I’ll make sure it stays that way. My people will vote how I tell them to and I’ll back your re-election fully.”
The frigid air had a bite to it as Steve stood out in the open in the middle of the abandoned warehouse district that was to be their meeting place. Winter had come to Brooklyn harshly this year, his fingers were already tingling with the cold and if he looked over at Natasha on his left, he knew her nose would have a slight red tint to it that matched her hair.
The reaction was the one Steve was hoping for. The way his eyes darted left and his pupils grew bigger. Steve had guessed right, and it was making his guest nervous. He gripped at his bad leg with his now freed hands, trying to stop the bleeding.
Rumlow nodded slowly, “He isn’t the reason we’re here.”
Steve swallowed thickly, “Come on, gorgeous. Imagine me fucking you, my hands on your body. My mouth sucking at your neck right now. Think about how it will feel when you come around me, my cock inside you.”
He’d done it. He’d destroy one of the best things in his life in order to protect it.
Steve kissed him again, purely because he couldn’t help himself. He needed to taste Tony on his tongue and feel him on his lips and Tony opened up to him as soon as he brought their mouths together.
It was the wrong thing to say. It was something he’d said before. An instant reaction whenever Rumlow would start saying his piece about the world. Steve would always contradict it; he’d always stand up against Rumlow in the army. They’d always come to blows over it.
Except apparently, he was.
The man on top of him was heavy, in bulky padded jacket and combat trousers as he wrestled with Tony furiously. Tony gave at good as he got, thrashing his arms about until he managed to get the umbrella in his hand at the right angle, shoving it as hard as he could into the guy’s side.
“And he’s on my payroll.” Steve smirked taking a sip of his drink, “This is my part of town after all.”
“We need to spin this story very carefully for what happens next.” Fury told them, the warning in his voice clear.
The uncomfortable chair, the depressing cell, the egos. He hated the smell of his own sweat and blood, longing for a shower and some food because when was the last time he ate?
“So, you pushed me out the door first?”
“Is he going to be okay?” Natasha asked softly, brushing damp hair from Bucky’s forehead.
The night was a clear one despite the chill and Steve found his eyes drifting up to take in the darkness of the sky as they waited. Natasha was a statue next to him, if she was cold then she didn’t let it show. Bucky was kicking his foot into the dirt under his boots with impatience and Steve wanted to tell him to knock it off but held his tongue. It would do no good to fight amongst themselves when they needed to be a solid unit. Thor didn’t seem to notice the cold either, he wasn’t wearing a coat, just a thick knit jumper that looked like it came out of a thrift store. He was swinging a large hammer in his palm with ease and Steve knew despite the heaviness of the tool, Thor barely registered it as anything else than an extension of his arm.
“Whatever it takes.” Natasha agreed from her place in the driver’s seat.
“You’re an Avenger now. If Rumlow comes for us, then you need to be able to protect yourself.” She replied.
The silence that greeted him was deafening. Fools or brave men, Steve wasn't sure there was much difference. If they stood in the way of him reaching Tony, then they were all dead men either way.
By the time Tony made it back to Steve’s place it was already dark out, the knife Natasha had given him like a lead weight in his pocket the entire day. It was weird, to be there without Steve, to even be climbing those steps up to the front door again when Tony was sure it was something he’d never do.
Steve was sure even if the police or Hydra busted in now to get him, he’d make them wait until he’d finished leaving Tony completely spent and satisfied before they got down to business.
Steve groaned loudly because if he wasn’t hard before he was painful hard now, “Did you come here to seduce me?” He asked coyly, hands squeezing Tony’s ass as the mechanic practically ripped the last two buttons off Steve’s shirt so he could get it off him.
“I was the perfect gentleman.” Steve vowed, biting his lip to keep the smile from his face.
“I’ll go with him.” Bucky spoke up, causing both heads to look at him.
“Okay, I knocked out the camera. We can talk properly now.” Tony told him, slipping the device back into his jacket pocket.
Steve grunted, “I’m going to distract them, okay? You run straight for the exit. My team is out there, they’ll get you out.”
