John looked at his phone, he needed to speak to someone about all that went through his head, and who better than his big sister?
In his head, John was already going through all the possibilities. Should he just ask Sherlock at home, take him somewhere special? Maybe the kids should be there.
“Okay, let me finish up the paperwork, text me the address of the pub and I will catch you up there.” John finally caved. And well, he did promise Ella and himself he would try going out more. Sarah was a friend, and the others were not terrible. He had needed to be part of a group, a pack once more; it was a necessity for his inner alpha well-being.
John was already feeling light headed from the kisses. God, he should be used to it by now... But the desire and burning feeling of love that ran in his veins each time the tall man kissed him, touched him, or even smiled, truly smiled at him... Well... It was like... But all coherent thought left his mind when Sherlock began to give his alpha's possessiveness more freedom. The ex-soldier was a willing prisoner in the tall man grip, completely wrapped in those arms.   Oh he would be able to get free if he wanted. But John found it more and more easy to let go his control, to trust Sherlock with his body.
“John and I just had a discussion about where we live and… he agreed to let us live here. We will stay here.”
“Even John does not know” Sherlock corrected, Leanna returned to colouring her book, smiling and holding one of Molly's hands in hers.
Now, Sherlock was staring out of the window onto Baker Street which was somehow slowed down by the Christmas spirit. John would be back in an hour and they would probably spend the day watching crap telly and cuddling on the sofa. Cuddling would turn into lazy kisses, kisses into heavy snogging and then they would move into the bedroom and...
“Don't. You are the victim here. If this is anyone's fault, it is mine and my families. So please, don't apologize.”
A bottle of beta spray usually lasted Sherlock two months, three now that he only put it on when he left the flat. He got the bottles from the wardrobe in the bedroom and exactly replicated his prior steps until he had three litres of John scent.
So now, Moriarty refused on a compromise with the ex-soldier. They would use the same technic as he had already done. Find a way to make him leave Sherlock; remove him forcedly from the equation. And it would be such a sweet revenge for her!
Sherlock felt John turn and he didn’t need to look at him to know how adorable the doctor looked after having just woken up.
“I want you to explain everything they did and why, but first, can we pick up Leanna from Mrs. Hudson? I'm so tired and I want to hold the both of you close until I fall asleep.”
Slowly, Sherlock removed his fingers. He struggled to find the bottle of lube and he heard himself curse and John giggle and then finally his prick was slicked. He placed a pillow under John's hips and then, eyes on John, he guided his erection inside. Slow.
“Hello Dr Watson. Not too uncomfortable I hope.” said the grating voice of Henry Garrideb. “disappointed I’m not your boyfriend?”
They stumbled onto their makeshift bed, the robe being the only piece of clothes they needed to drop on their way. Lips on his neck, his chest, his belly and then, this wonderful moth, capable of praise and nagging, endearments and curses closed around him, warm and wet around his glands, suckling and licking and Sherlock buried his hands in John's hair, trying hard to keep on breathing.
Little by little, he could feel Sherlock relax around him. John began to kiss this sweet, long neck. As Sherlock became less tense against him, he let his hands roam again against Sherlock’s side until he found the neglected cock. With tender but firm caresses, Sherlock’s penis soon came back fully erected while John murmured sweet love confessions in his ears.
“How about you eat a little bit,” he gestured at the plate on her night stand, “and I go and pack a few more things.”
Finally home to Baker Street, he couldn’t wait to kiss and caress and used his own body to worship Sherlock, make him feel how much he had appreciated all the detective had done for him, he was a man of action after all… And Sherlock had kissed him sweetly, teasingly the whole drive home but not nearly thoroughly enough…
Sherlock pulled him to his feet. “I don’t know. Mycroft doesn’t know either. Moran is dead, Sarah is alive. That’s all we know.”
John had suddenly turned down small alley and surprised his pursuer by yanking them against the wall.
Suddenly, like a genie being summoned, Sherlock appeared in front of the door, his hair were a disaster, he had bags under his eyes.
Jim Moriarty was whistling when he stepped onto the roof. He looked... normal, handsome even, as he had on the pictures, but his smile, his flirtatious nature didn't reach his eyes. They remained dark and without life. Sherlock wanted to strangle him for the song he was humming, grinning like a mad man doing it.
Leanna squeaked and for the first time, jumped into John’s arms. John felt a delicious warm feeling settling in his heart when the little girl squeezed him as fiercely as she could. He felt her shake, the uncertainty she had felt about her home must had been more unsettling than they had thought. He felt guilty not saying something earlier.
“SHUT UP! Have to? HAVE TO? What the fuck do you think you understand? Its ME and SARAH who’ve been attacked because of YOU. Don’t tell me to keep calm! I am going to ripe him apart and find my omega!”
Sarah sat up, fixing her hair before she opened the door to her treatment room. The man outside had just been about to knock. He was wearing dark jeans and a grey jumper that had a tear on the left arm.
Sherlock had been magnificent, handling everything. He had a way with words, others were too mesmerised or too stunned to react, and when they finally came back to their mind, it was too late. It seems Leanna had some similar abilities with words. She had learned from Sherlock how to deduce and she had used it to protect her siblings, John didn’t see any wrong with that. Leanna was a very sensitive and empathic child, she would never use her gift and intelligence for evil. God, that sounded like a quote from a superhero movie.
But his beautiful man was not done surprising him, there were candles and roses everywhere, it was… extraordinary… Sherlock definitely wasn’t shy when he chose to be romantic and to woo him… John felt a blush rising and burning his cheeks, his heart bursting in its cage while Sherlock was guiding him to their bedroom…
When sherlock fell onto the mattress that evening after they had taken advantage of the empty flat, he felt a sense of peace. One year ago everything had still felt so unsure, their happiness fragile, but now they had found their routine and Sherlock loved every second of their crazy, loud, colourful life.
“We can’t all have a leash on our feelings all the time!” John answered now getting angry too, but before he could continue, Molly stopped him, putting her hand on his shoulder.
He smiled around John's prick as the doctor reached for the night stand, fumbling for the lube. He almost threw it at Sherlock and the detective hurried to open the bottle. Licking at the head, teasing the frenulum, he slowly traced his boyfriend's perineum until his index finger lightly pressed against his hole.
It was photography of Sherlock and John dancing together a few month ago at Clara’s birthday party. They were both looking at each other with love and tenderness, smiling. When John had seen the photography, he had wondered how Sherlock hadn’t deduced his love right away back then. He was obviously smitten on this photo…and Sherlock seemed…content, at peace, John understood now what Harry had found them so obvious.
For a moment Sherlock caught himself being excited about this, almost having fun, before he remembered what was at risk if he failed. “I mean, you missed almost everything of importance, but, um, you know ...” He took the trainers from John. “The owner loved these. Scrubbed them clean, whitened them where they got discoloured. Changed the laces three ... no, four times. Even so, there are traces of his flaky skin where his fingers have come into contact with them, so he suffered from eczema. Shoes are well-worn, more so on the inside, which means the owner had weak arches. British-made, twenty years old.”
“I already gave her warm milk with honey. Nothing too bad so far.” Molly seemed to be at the other end of the room, probably folding clothes.
“No! And you shouldn’t let it bother you either! It’s no longer punished by law. And I don’t think it’s abnormal. Not usual, but whatever…You should go home, talk to Sherlock. Don’t wait too long, he must be worried…”
Still, his heart wept for John and he wanted nothing more than have him by his side, as a friend, as a lover.
Sherlock imagined those small, strong hands on him, his chest, his hips, wandering closer to where he wanted them. John would press his chest to Sherlock's back and oh, he would be so warm and wet from the shower. Biting his lips, Sherlock's hand moved faster, his forehead pressed to the tiles.
“John?” Sherlock said after a while and John hummed in acknowledgement. They had been a couple long enough for Sherlock to know John was listening to him, even if he was a little annoyed to have his holy newspaper time interrupted. God, they really were an old married couple Sherlock thought.
“Hmm?” The detective was obviously enthralled by what he was doing and had not listened to one word of what John had just said... While such behaviour from anyone else would piss him off, from Sherlock he mostly found it endearing... And cute...  But Sherlock would be appalled to be called cute when in his scientist mode! God, he was still as smitten as the first weeks of his relationship with the man! Half a year later and his heart still acted erratically when he thought of his mate...
“He sho… I.. he shot and i… oh sherlock. I couldn’t protect him.” She held her younger son as he shook with sadness.
He spent a while trying to find a seductive pose for John to find him in when he got home, but as time went by, he just curled up around himself and fell asleep.
John took Sherlock by the hand and led him to their bedroom. He loved the preliminaries with Sherlock, he was so trusting, so eager. John began to peel him out of his shirt slowly. He wanted to worship him, let his body show his love. Sherlock was blushing, “John, get on with it, you don’t need to seduce me!”
“Of course,” Sherlock thought, “no one can know that we can't stand each other. Perfect little family.” And then a more shocking discovery, as he looked at his omega's face. She had forgotten.
“I don't want you to be my omega. I want Alpha Sherlock Holmes with all his flaws. I love you. I want to keep you safe.” John finally tried to explained.
“Good! So we have some time before the reservation, I ask Mrs Hudson to prepare you a hot bath, go and relax, I will prepare your clothes.”
“John! Not in front of the babies!” Sherlock looked half affronted, half aroused, a very good sight indeed…
Sherlock pulled John closer and buried his nose in the blonde’s hair. They hadn't talked about Moran yet, not with Leanna around. “Are you alright?”
They looked at each other awkwardly. This was hard for them, showing appreciation for each other, even if they did.
John looked at Sarah with a little awe. Then, a thought crossed his mind, “Hmm, Sarah? You realise that…Sherlock and I, we are two alphas…it doesn’t bother you?”
Pregnant. Sarah was pregnant with John's child. He should have thought about that before, reproduction was what heats were for and John hadn't had the chance to even think about protection. John leaving him for Sarah. John bonding Sarah and them raising a happy little family. Stupid thoughts, but they still crossed his mind.
“Good to see you, L’anna. To what do we owe the pleasure?” John finally put the newspaper away to get up. “Want some tea?”
When John woke up, the feeling of contentment disappeared almost instantly. The sheets next to him were cold. Sherlock had left. Anger was the first emotion to rise. Hot anger. Sherlock wasn’t in the flat. After the extraordinary night they had spent together, the alpha had let his smelt clear in John’s olfactory senses. His man wasn’t in the flat. The great git had left him on the side. Again! How dare he after what they had shared! He had thought Sherlock had understood what it meant for John to let go of all his defenses… Did he mean so little to be abandon the morning after?
Tomorrow. He would pack their things and leave tomorrow, so he wouldn't have to see John again. The newly bonded couple would surely appreciate that.
With that, Sherlock moved up John's body again to kiss him deeply, desperately as he brought himself to straddle John. His John.
“An amateur writer. He can't decide whether to sound professional or provoking, if he is writing for a tabloid or broadsheet. No education in writing. He attempts to influence his readers, not to give objective information.”
Leanna lifted her head, kissing his cheek. She laid back down on the mattress. “You should talk to Daddy. He feels better when you do. I always feel better.” In moments like these, Leanna seemed so much older than she actually was, so much wiser.
John frown reading it. Shopping? With Leanna? The detective hated shopping and only did it willingly if John came… and he would still complain… John had surprised Sherlock and Leanna whispering between them, they were definitely plotting something together, it was cute. He had no idea what it could be… But well, he was free to do whatever he wanted this morning, he was going to enjoy the calm!
“Hmm, what have I done to deserve this attention” John moaned, letting go the dishes and accepting the embrace, his head falling backward against Sherlock shoulder to give him better access to his neck. His neck which became so sensitive after all the attention the detective gave it.
“Okay, I don’t see a bond mark, are you going to be present for the pregnancy?” The doctor’s eyes were frowning with suspicion.
After 10 minutes he began to wonder why the fuck he had thought walking home was such a good idea. His leg was killing him! His fault, again! He had left his cane in his office. His ridiculous ego just wouldn’t accept he needed it at work… And now it was too late to catch a cab, never had been lucky with them anyway. If he wasn’t so tired he would laugh, or cry, he didn’t really know anymore.
“I…yes! I…that, yes! I want to! I didn’t think you would want to…sleep with me. Just sleep. My parents keep different bedrooms… and they are an alpha and omega couple…So I didn’t think…”
“I just wanted you to know they were risks for the pregnancy and the mother. Now, I will help you as much as I can. You will have enough hardship without me adding to them, I assure you I am not bigoted. Well, first, when was your last heat?”
“I found the newspaper article”, Molly said and showed them here phone. Sherlock has seen those articles before.
The woman was throwing the weight of her body against the wall, minding her swollen belly as much as she could. The old man almost lost the grip on his gun when he saw she was handcuffed and gagged. When she saw him she froze, her eyes wide with surprise and something close to hope.
There was a tap on the door and a moment later it opened, revealing Leanna. She came up to them and John lifted her to sit on his knees as Sherlock moved his head.
It was… the apocalypse. All the furniture was all over the place. The table was broken as if it had been thrown against the wall. What the hell had happened? Who could have ransacked the place? Why? The Garrideb had no reason to...
“Mine now, Papa.” Leanna shoved a present wrapped in yellow and light blue paper towards him. Sherlock knew it was a picture in a frame before he opened it.
He had to do something, his instincts were screaming at him. But Sherlock was right, he couldn’t let fury and rage win over. His better chance to find Sarah in one piece was Sherlock and his extraordinary mind. John wasn’t stupid but he was not a detective, he couldn’t outsmart Moriarty. But Sherlock could. And he could help Sherlock. He could make sure the detective eat and sleep enough. Yes. He wasn’t passive. He could protect Sherlock even if it was unnerving to see him so cold. Sherlock needed to be detached. He wouldn’t pry.
“I should have never made you think for a second that your making love to me is less than satisfying.”
Sherlock was surprised it took his brother four whole weeks to find them. Mycroft Holmes let himself into the flat when no one was home. Sherlock found him sitting in John's preferred arm chair when he came home from a trip to Regents Park, a babbling and giggling Leanna by his side. Mrs. Hudson was out and John was meeting with his sister. Sherlock had hoped for a little experiment after dinner. Leanna had wanted him to read her new Gruffalo book. She loved that one ever since John had started calling her little mouse.
“And from the shape of his ears and his jaw he… he...,” …, Sherlock's face went suddenly pale, “he… is…related to you, a cousin probably. I am sorry, John. I shouldn’t have said it like that, please…don’t be angry, I didn’t realise, I…” And now he was downright panicking! People didn’t like learning this kind of thing about their family member! He should have been more careful, be…
“No, mother. I was in a hurry and didn't have time for a shower after I shagged my alpha boyfriend.”
She didn’t care why there were strangers in her house, or that the alpha was twice her size. The only thing she knew was that her omega had been hurt. She screamed in her rage and the sword sliced through flesh. The Alpha roared in pain and sank to his knees. Violet wanted to cut him into pieces for hurting her bondmate. She wanted to tear open his neck and watch him bleed to death. Instead she sank to the floor next to Siger, cradling his dead body to her chest. Her hands, her clothes were soaked with his blood and she pressed her nose to his neck. For a last time she took in the scent of roses and ginger as it slowly faded.
An experimental light suck caused John to curse and move his hips up, another inch of John's erection sliding into Sherlock's mouth.
Sarah and Molly were making dinner in their kitchen, while Matilda slept against her mother’s chest. John was sitting on the sofa, supporting Malo’s back as Leanna held him in her arms and softly sang to him as he looked up to her, not really seeing, but reacting to his sister’s voice. Leanna seemed so grow up and it made Sherlock a little sentimental to see her like this. He leaned down to first kiss her and then John’s cheek.
Janine huffed. “Let me answer that for you. You're not. You are a fucking sociopath, and you will make her into one too. Keeping her from everyone she loves, making her watch her back for the rest of her life.”
What a joke, he had hoped he would feel better in an A&E environment, somewhere he could once more feel useful and have adrenaline flow in his system. Ella had been very happy about this. But once more, his accident prevented him from doing what he wanted: be in the middle of the action! He couldn’t be a surgeon because of the tremor in his dominant hand, and couldn’t be an accident and emergency doctor either because he had to have a psychosomatic limp on top of everything else! Oh and listen to yourself John, you just whine like a baby! He was becoming bitter and it worried him.
Sherlock woke up in the early hours of the morning. He had dreamed of John kissing him again, pressing him roughly against the wall this time. Dreaming didn't even come close to how John's lips would feel in reality of course and Sherlock couldn't keep his mind from playing through the possibility of doing just that. Kissing John. Lips, then tongue, then teeth. Preferably with a decreasing amount of clothes.
Downstairs in the kitchen, he made himself something to eat and then brought one of the sandwiches upstairs. His little lioness was still asleep. Her temperature hadn't changed, which was good. He couldn't plan and execute an escape with a child who had high fever.
“I distinctly heard him say it to the cabby. I may be older but I assure you my ears work very well, young man!” Mrs Hudson affirmed.
They took a cab back home and Sherlock noticed that John was certain the evening was over (except for sex, of course), but Sherlock had more planned. Mrs. Hudson had been his co-conspirator and Sherlock could see the candle light from the pavement. He kept John from looking by kissing him all the way from the cab to the flat door, both of them playful and giggling. John was the one to open the door and Sherlock almost walked into him as the doctor stopped abruptly in the doorway.
It was… a molecule? No several… A chemical formula? Wait… he knew those! It was the chemical equation for serotonin, dopamine and… yes acetylcholine! What did it mean?
“Yes. I need fresh air. You are the one to flee usually in the middle of a situation where… sentiments are involved, you can’t blame me to feel the same right now…”
“What do you need, birthday boy. Tell me.” Blushing, which was strange because he had been the one to make a list of sex position, Sherlock closed his eyes for a second.
“You are yourself again. Good.” Sherlock approached him and soothingly rubbed his back, “I am sorry John, I shouldn’t have let you go to work today. I knew you were already angry from all the media shenanigans… I should have predicted something like this would happen soon…” He whispered to him.
“Molly? You saw Molly? She had talked about Sherlock? What did she say?” John suddenly came back to life.
So he soldiered on. And each time Sherlock took his mobile phone in his jacket, he inhaled his musky scent so much stronger now that he didn’t care about masking his smell in the flat anymore. All the other people around them were betas who didn’t perceive any difference. The first time it happened, John had been struck by the powerful smell, so many more subtleties that he hadn't smelt before. He hadn’t been able to move until Sherlock had asked him what was wrong. He didn’t remember what he had come up with but now, he stopped breathing when Sherlock came too close…
Sherlock could see the anger in the doctor rising, causing his own to bubble up again. He intuitively held his daughter closer. No one would ever treat her like this. Ignore her, shove her aside. Janine didn't deserve to see her again.
“Shhh, I am here, Sherlock, I am here.” John pulled Sherlock close against him, trying to sooth him.
“Violet, her name is Violet… I will explain everything to you later Sarah, don’t worry, she will be taken care of. Now, now you need to focus on you. Breath Sarah, slowly. I promise to explain, but just breath for now. I am coming with you to the hospital.”
John had started working at a local surgery when the twins were three years old. He loved being with his family, but he also missed being a doctor. Both he and Sarah, who had gone back to the A&E, worked three days a week while the little ones were in their play group and Leanna was in school.
John looked at all the people in the room, some patients he had healed before, his colleagues some he thought were his friends… They were just staring, a mix of guilt, shame, hate, disgust in all those eyes… Now that the anger had left him, he just felt tired… he wanted to go home to Sherlock and Leanna and forget all the drama for a while.
“Do you know what you have done to me? How people think I scared you off? How they judge me?” Janine yelled, voice high pitched with anger now.
Two hours later, with Mycroft and Anthea were sitting on the sofa like they didn't belong there at all and Sherlock was pacing from the fireplace to the coffee table and back.
At the accusation, Sherlock's anger exploded, smelling like ashes, burned debris of a fire storm. He kept his voice low, but the alpha in him broke out of his cage. John had no right to make such demand from him!
Harry was very active in their political movement. He felt like she never really forgave him for being an alpha and above all, his choice to join the army. The army was the most prejudiced system still existing. His parents had been more accepting of his choice, but Harry had been furious. How could he do this to her? John tried to explain it wasn’t against her or their principles but they hadn’t been listening to each other for a long time. The Watsons’ temper didn’t help either, he probably shouldn’t have spoken about her drinking problem while angry and hurt…
The innocent kisses became deeper and more thorough, John’s cock was beginning to twitch with interest. “Hmm, what do you think about a round two, love?” John whispered lusciously while his hand went to palm Sherlock’s limp cock.
“Yes, go to London! Me and Papa. Not Mummy,” she squealed, jumping up and down standing on his thighs. He couldn't help himself and giggled with her for a while.
“Yes. We have located John Watson in Sarah Sawyer's flat. Our agents would be able to open the door, of course, but that will not help. The heat started yesterday evening and no one would be able to intervene. My apologies, brother mine.”
Watching a naked John Watson walk off to the bathroom, Sherlock knew he would marry this man one day.
John came. Closing his eyes, pressing a wet kiss to the detective's cheek, John came and he looked so beautiful, Sherlock pressed his cock to his doctor's belly and pumped his hips once, twice, three times, before he ejaculated, moaning into John's neck.
“Hello, my Sherlock. How are you, son?” Siger whispered and Sherlock could hear the honesty in his voice. He tightened the embrace.
John’s plan had backfired on him, he had wanted to take his time, but a begging, excited and very enthusiastic Sherlock was impossible to rein in. He felt his own control diminish, his cock engorged and nearly painful, pulsing against his pants.
Leanna watched him as he joned aunty Harry's and Papa's discussion, but her attention quickly moved back to her play. Sarah and Molly were very good at playing and following instruction, all Leanna’s shyness and apprehension disappeared completely.
Sherlock, lying in the bed, a little flush from his teasing. John had never felt so excited, he wanted to ravish the man, but restrained himself, today, he wanted to make Sherlock mad with desire. He wanted to make all this skin sing from his attention.
“What a clever woman. Almost as clever as my little girl. How about you have your bath now, you've got dough in your hair. And I will talk to John later and ask if we can stay longer, okay?”
When he came back home, Sherlock wasn’t there. The disappointment disappeared quickly, he would be able to prepare something. John had been a little unfair with how he treated Sherlock recently, let his bad mood interfere with their relationship. It was the perfect opportunity to remind Sherlock how much John felt for him exactly and that he very much appreciated the secret message he had hidden for him.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was hoarse with emotion and he felt close to tears again. He didn’t know where it came from, but he suddenly felt like everything was going to be okay.
“Good. You have to prepare yourself, it won’t be easy. You will have lots of mood swings because of the hormones. If you have any pain, or questions don’t hesitate to call me, I registered you as high risk pregnancy, I will stay phone available for you all your pregnancy."
“Oh, hello my darling. Good to have you back.” She came up to him pressing a kiss to his cheek and he lay his arms around her in  a well practiced show of affection . He forced the corners of his mouth up, purring a Hello into her ear. One of the brainless ladies on his sofa sighed and Sherlock heard her say something that sounded like: cute couple.
John felt that more time than not, he was the one to bend to Sherlock’s will. He wouldn’t do it right now! The git hadn’t come back to sleep with him? Very well. He wouldn’t be the one to back down here! He had every right to ask Sherlock to be more careful, to not put himself in dangerous situation! He would wait for his mate to see reason.
“John, I...” Sherlock didn't finish the sentence, he didn't know why. Had he lost John by being too eager? Had he missed signs of distress?
And he was still surprised by how much he liked to let Sherlock lead in bed sometimes. John tended to be the one to be more active but Sherlock now expressed his need to claim more often.
“You will stop this, immediately.” John's voice had turned harsh, allowed no objection. It took Sherlock a second before he realised the voice wasn't in his head.
John's ability to make an intelligible respond was gone, galvanized by Sherlock begging, he positioned himself between Sherlock’s leg, and finally he could feel their cocks sliding together. He could feel Sherlock’s hand move to his ass to impose a more punishing rhythm while his mouth was nibbling to John’s bite mark. John loved it, to have a partner not afraid to take what he wanted. He never had a sexual partner kissing his neck, it was a very alpha’s behaviour, but it was exhilarating. All those stimulations were beginning to become too much, John wouldn’t be able to keep himself from coming very long if he let it continue.
They stayed silent for a while, craving closeness. This was only the beginning and they both knew it.
But John still thought it was all an act, Sherlock wasn’t going to poison himself! There must be some clever plan...
Multiples were not unusual in an alpha/omega pairing, quite the opposite. Leanna as a single child was the exception. He should have considered the possibility, it shouldn't come as such a shock. Two little Johns. Two new human beings created by Sarah Sawyer and John Watson. Two. Twins.
“What are you doing John? Are we not waiting tonight to orchestrate the fake Santa’s gift giving miracle?” How could Sherlock managed to sound so sarcastic and charming at the same time?
Sherlock couldn’t get up, but reached his hands out for her. He felt a little unsure of himself. She looked so tiny, as if she could break at any moment.
Sherlock took more cases and ignored his mother's complaints about it. He concentrated on his brain, as he had always done until Leanna's birth, because he felt his heart had shrunk in his chest.
Harry greeted  them enthusiastically, “John! I'm so happy you’re here! And you mister, must be Sherlock! And wow, John you didn’t exaggerate about those cheekbones!”
John was pacing the living room. Sherlock knew he wanted to go out, walk the streets of London to calm down a little, but they feared Moriarty could harm John as well. John's scent filled the room, angry and sharp and full of danger. In this moment there was no doubt that John Watson had been the Alpha of a military pack.
Sherlock quickly melted against him. He was shaking. The love of his life was shaking and fell to his knees. He kept John close, his face buried in John’s belly.
John's cock was beautiful, thick and flushed pink and Sherlock couldn't hold back, he needed to feel him, taste him. Sherlock pressed a kiss to the round gland, precome wet against his lips and Sherlock was addicted. He had never done this before, but he wanted to do it so badly right now. He kissed and licked down the shaft and up again, eyes on John's face. The doctor's eyes were closed, head thrown back, as he cursed and moaned. Beethoven, Mozart, Brahms, they all had nothing to the symphonies John could compose in his arousal.
Since his failed attempt at bottoming for Sherlock, they hadn’t had any penetrative sex for 2 weeks. Oh they had made love with their hands and mouth and body. But something was missing. John couldn’t take something he didn’t give anymore. He knew Sherlock didn’t feel it was unfair, but John worried about their dynamic in their relationship. Sherlock reproach about John’s alpha behaviour with him some months before lingered. God, he could believe so much had happened since their stupid fight. But it was important. John needed to work on his perception of himself… Of what made him an alpha or a controlling boyfriend!
“I suspected it was something about his vocal cords, I know babies are all different but his sister is making a lot of noise when he is very quiet. Babies usually cry to communicate, but with him I already identified three distinct faces he is making to express he is hungry.” Sherlock continued his explanations looking with soft eyes at the sleeping baby, “There are four courses for learning sign language in London, I will ask Mycroft help to identify the most proficient one…”
Sherlock had to think about that, the touching part. Of course they touched, they lived together and they somehow raised a child. John had hugged him, but friends hug.
Sherlock’s litany was interrupted by John’s loud throaty laugh. He was happy. Gods, Sherlock was a brilliant, mad scientist and John wouldn’t change him for an empire! It was so Sherlockian this kind of answer and proclivities! They weren’t alphas doing unnatural things, they were two adults discovering their sexuality together as a couple in a very fun and orgasmic way! Forgetting his fears, John knew they would be okay. Whatever happened, they would always find a way to both be satisfied.
John left Sarah’s flat quickly after their conversation. They agree not to see each other for a few days, let the smell disappear completely.
Mycroft nodded. The sound of footsteps, first Mycroft’s, then Molly's. She was carrying Leanna, who looked tired and confused.
“Harry, it’s really not like that! And don’t think I didn’t notice you still haven’t told me anything! Your turn!” The best defence was a good offence.
He realised how much more stuff they had now. When they had come to Baker Street, all their belongings had fit into a suit case, now they had boxes over boxes of clothes and toys. They would leave Leanna's bed here; she had one back in the manor. Maybe John could sell it or keep it for his children with Sarah.
John looked directly at him for the first time since he had entered the aquarium and Sherlock couldn't read the emotions on his face, there were too many and contradicting ones in that. But suddenly, there was a smile, only for a few seconds.
John tried to think about letting Sherlock do that to him…He had to admit the thought wasn’t repulsive at all… But he was also scared. Sherlock was well endowed. And the detective wasn’t used to sexual congress, he only had sexual intercourse with Janine when they were in heat and so drugged by hormones Sherlock must have had very few recollections of those times. Their attempt at… penetrative sex could become a disaster very easily with him seriously injured and Sherlock scarred for life about intercourse.
John’s jaw dropped. He hadn’t known Mycroft cared about their relationship enough to do this for John.
“Oh, love. We're going to have so much fun. Nothing is going to happen to you, not if you keep quiet until Sherly and Johnny find you. Or not. If you decide to disobey....”
“John! Since when do I do anything I don’t want to do! I am sure, very, very sure! I want to try! Please! I will beg if you want me to!”
After breakfast, they got ready and Sherlock packed a bag for John, so he could stay at the hospital for at least a week.
“Daddy said I’m the big sister. I learned the alphabet and M is next to L, so it should be an M, it’s logical isn’t it, Papa?” The little girl explained, very sure of her reasoning. She was so cute, how could they say no?
She tried opening her eyes for a third time, struggling but finally succeeding. Calm. She needed to stay calm, assess her situation. No panic attack. Panic could have a bad influence on her babies.
Sherlock flopped down to the sofa, turning his back to their chairs. He curled into foetal position. He hadn't sulked in way too long. And it was late, John was probably asleep and still angry. Sherlock didn’t want to wake up, easier to stay here, on the couch.
Their game was suddenly ended by a nurse coming. “Oh, did you find a name?” She naively asked, a big annoying smile on her lips.
And he had liked what Sherlock had done until his panic attack. John knew not every person liked bottoming, that there was nothing wrong with that. But he had liked it. It had inflamed his nerves and he had craved it, the intimacy of hosting a part of Sherlock inside him and bring him to an unexplored land of pleasure…
“You,… really?” Sherlock looked at him, and “Oh… John, did he… did he hit you when you were a child?”
“I did. Are you blind? I have used my fingers on myself while masturbating before and found it quite pleasing, but I wasn't sure I would like you penetrating me. As an alpha, my body is not made for anal penetration, I don't have self-lubricant and you are quite big.”
“Yes! Good idea! I’m sure Sherlock and Molly will have good ideas… Maybe Leanna could participate too? She is the big sister, she should be able to give her opinion…”
There. This was... John. Sherlock breathed in, a mixture of gun powder and tea and alpha that went straight to Sherlock's groin. This was perfect. He had done it.
John was still astounded by some of Sherlock’s quirks. He let everything where it was in the kitchen or living room but had socks index…How could he be so organised and knowledgeable fsomethings and utterly ignorant and lazy about others? John must be very much besotted because he let Sherlock organised as he see fit in their bedroom and even felt happy and content about it.
John took control again by or trapping Sherlock’s hand over his head, he looked in his eyes, searching any trace of discomfort. When he saw only lust and excitement, John lowered himself on his love, took that mouth, owned it, and began a new more languid and firm rhythm. Sherlock was growling in his mouth, it was delicious reverberation. After a few minutes of slow love making, John couldn’t take it anymore, he resigned himself to set free Sherlock’s mouth and migrated to his ears.
No bite mark…He couldn’t help but feel relieved. No bond… It wasn’t common; generally an alpha sharing a heat with an omega will end with a bonding mark...
Sherlock’s hand had migrated to John’s arse too and was trying to find a way to get underneath the clothes. How could he think when Sherlock was groping him! The infuriating man returned to kiss John in order to make him stop speaking. Very efficient tactic.
John, still high in adrenaline and alpha’s testosterone fumbled with the trousers to get them open enough to grab their cocks together. He was wild with desire and the uncontainable urge to claim Sherlock. Their thrusts increased, became quicker, more powerful, more desperate… When the release, the tension now unbearable, was finally upon them, John’s instinct took over, Sherlock’s scent too intoxicating and he bit him until he felt the skin broke.
A few second later, he felt a similar pain in his own neck. Sherlock was biting him too and he felt a shot of new lust, the last push to make him come.
“The car was hired yesterday morning by an Ian Monkford. Banker of some kind; City boy. Paid in cash. Told his wife he was going away on a business trip, but he never arrived.”
The end of the afternoon was spent without anything worth mentioning. John talked to his parents for a while and reassured them about his return to civilian life. They were impressed with Sherlock and there was this knowing light in his mother’s eye when she spoke about the dashing man. She seemed, like Harry, quite sure about where this would end. If only John could share their optimism…
He was recognized immediately, what felt like a hundred cameras going off as he walked towards the entrance. Reporters shoving microphones to his face.
Nope. It was a soap opera. And he had promised Sherlock and himself to stop let his anger be his answer to everything. He knew it didn’t give him good advice. so THINK!
“Leanna, it's time to go home. John's waiting with dinner.” He could see his daughter's face beaming with joy, as he mentioned his flatmate’s name, but she pouted at the same time, knowing Molly wouldn't come home with them.
Slowly, the detective opened his eyes and look at him, “Fine? Fine can’t begin to express what I am feeling. Earth-shattering, amazing, extraordinary! That’s more like it!”
He whirled around to find John at the door to the roof, the gun in his hand pointed at Moriarty, who seemed to be amused.
John had hesitated before showing the photo to Molly, but it was easy to put himself in her shoes. He would want to know if there were news about his loved one, he couldn’t not inform Molly of this.
Harry was still intuitive, out of his three points, she had picked the one which had had the most impact in his life.
John could feel all his muscles grow stiff while he could swear the earth was cracking open under his feet. He could hear Molly’s scream but it seems so far away. Only one thing resonated in his ears, Kidnapped, Kidnapped, Kidnapped, Kidnapped…
Sherlock couldn't stop thinking about his mother and her stupid expectations. He hadn't told John about meeting her to not ruin the Christmas mood for him or Leanna. John still sensed that something was wrong with him, but didn't mention it, for which Sherlock was glad. They had so
After failing to convince Holmes about his secret identities (that had been fun as well), this was the second battle lost. Jim wouldn't fail a third time and he was willing to play dirty. A man who could make a society cry out for A/A O/O equality (even if it was by accident) could make an elite Alpha fall.
“No, Papa. You need to wake up. Malo wants breakfast and presents,” Leanna yelled, apparently as excited for the twins birthday as much as he had been for her own over a week ago. “Foo”, Matilda added to emphasise that she wanted breakfast as well. Malo just used Sherlock’s hips as leverage to jump higher.
“Of course! We live together, you are the deducing genius, how could you not know?” John was astonished by Sherlock’s lack of confidence about this. The man exuded assurance all the time!
More emotions than Sherlock could count had been fighting for superiority on John's face for the whole evening. While they were watching a movie, John just looked at the wall as Sherlock looked at him.
“I am sorry love, so so sorry. I accept your apparent calm as you divorcing from every feeling. I didn’t understand it was your wall to protect yourself… But I don’t blame you, never did, not really, I am sorry I let you believe it. Whatever happens, I know, I know you are not responsible, I know you care. My love, my beautiful love.”
There was a picture attached. Sarah looked pale and scared, but otherwise unharmed. Sherlock could hear John growling next to him.
John was flabbergasted and so touched by Sherlock’s thought and attention. He had obviously put lots of time and thought… and money into make this watch possible. For him.
Sherlock’s cock was typical alpha, broad-base and long. John began nuzzling his groin; the smell was stronger and more potent. He loved it and started to lick, Sherlock’s vocal approval encouraged him and he tried to take the head in his mouth and sucked. John was not new to sucking cocks but never a male alpha and it was his first time trying with Sherlock. He wanted to make it good and not overwhelm his mate. Sherlock was so sensitive, his big brain intent on trying to overanalyse every nerve ending. John had to find a good balance between making Sherlock wild with sexual input and not too much or it would become painful. But there wasn’t any case, Sherlock was all his, and he had wanted to give a blowjob for a long time.
“Dr Watson,” Jim cooed, “fancy seeing you here. I'm afraid you can't stop this. If he stays alive, or I get harmed, Sebastian has the order to kill Sarah. You remember Sebastian, I suppose?”
Leanna was more and more talkative, she had thrived during the 6 months she lived with him at Baker Street. John felt proud of his little elf, she had insisted about the costume this morning,
He heard Mycroft taking a deep breath, anger now building in him. Reeking. He wasn't reeking of John. John's scent harmonized perfectly with his own, even as they both were Alphas.
“There was a fire. 7 men died. Sebastian Moran is said to be one of them. His dog tags were found, nothing more.”
“Of course, love.” Sherlock then turned around I looked lovingly at John, “You were right about the Santa things, she is very happy”
“John”, She whistled, “I know who… shot you…I will take… revenge! Let me…let me…go!” Janine tried to threatened or bargained; John didn’t know and didn’t care.
“Really? Oh… I didn’t know I could… You never… Is that good?” John finally asked, not really sure what he should think of it… He was more fixated on the fact he hadn’t panicked and had felt quite good until now…
Sherlock knew. The pieces came together in his mind palace. He knew who those shoes belonged to. “Carl Powers.”
It took them almost one and a half hour to get to Barts, with all the fascinating things Leanna had to look at on the way there. Sherlock spoke to the receptionist and they made their way to the labs. Sherlock would have liked to go see the morgue, but he knew John would find it not good if he brought Leanna there with him. So the lab it was.
“Okay,” John got up, took their cups to the sink and before go into his bedroom, he looked at Sherlock still sitting in his chair, yes His chair then added “You should go to sleep soon too Sherlock. And thank you for the very pleasant night. I really appreciate the company. Good night.”
“Of course little mouse, I'll cut one for you. Here, careful and chew before you swallow.” John gave her a bowl with an half apple cut into small pieces.
John waited… and waited but after 30 minutes without any patient's, John went out, there was no such thing as no patient in A&E… There was a problem.
Sherlock smiled sadly. “Braveness. Is this me flattering myself? Telling me that this...” he gestures in the direction of Jim Moriarty... is being brave? Sacrificing myself is not brave. I don't want to die. I'm afraid, but I need you to have your children, to be a father to them and Leanna.”
“Sherlock! I want you to meet my sister! We live together, you are my pack, I can’t go there without you! Please. I promise I won’t let you face the others alone and you will be able to deduce whoever you want. I'm sure you can come up with an experiment to conduct.”
“You have 10 minutes to dress up, I will wait for you in the living room.” And like a star of some drama show, Sherlock exited the room a big and satisfied smile on his lips.
Shit. John’s internally screamed in his head. His idea to keep Sherlock out of any dark thoughts had come back to bite him.
He pulled a cigarette from his coat pocket and, after lightening it with shaking hands, inhaled deeply. Machine. He needed to be a machine now, function for at least one last time.
Sarah had a little laugh, “Well, John was not exaggerating I see… Maybe you could tell us what you deduce about me?”
“Oh, my dear husband hasn’t completely eradicated my presence if you know who I am! Should I feel flattered?” she sneered.
There were a lot of scenarios playing through his mind by the time he flopped down on the sofa and he hated that he was that insecure.
Eighteen rounds of sex, below average for an Alpha/Omega couple during heat. Sexual satisfaction on both sides. Most of the encounters had taken place in the bed, except for the last two or three, John's shoulder ached from it.
“You, my beautiful man, are the only one who can manage a love confession and an insult at the same time and still be successful!” John gleefully laughed at the flabbergasted face between his hands.
“Keep calm, pretty girl. Everything is all right.” The voice was sweet but it cut the air like a knife. She heard a light Irish accent and the scent that filled the air was definitely Alpha. Sarah skittered to the other side of the bed to bring as large a distance as she could between her and the Alpha.
Sherlock’s eyes were dazed when John released him. John excited, looked more closely at his new watch, he couldn’t stop smiling and suspected he was in a very similar state of mind as Leanna, a toddler, only Sherlock could make him feel so much. On the back of the watch, John saw a hidden button. “What is it?”
. A beautiful watch similar to the one his grandfather gave him and that he had lost in Afghanistan. At the back there was engraved, Always With You.
John’s gentle hand on Sherlock’s cheek put a stop to this monologue. John’s anger was gone, only sorrow and guilt remained. Sherlock was suffering, probably more than himself and his anger had kept him from noticing.
“We already have our little family and I'm so happy, Sherlock. So happy because Leanna and you are in my life. I wouldn't change it for the world.”
The old man heard the girl scream as the bullet hit his chest. He fell backwards and onto the bed as the pain spread throughout his chest.
“Oh I wouldn’t count on the great Sherlock Holmes to save you. We broke him, he won’t even think about searching for you here.” Henry gloated.
The kitchen was an absolute mess when John came home and Sherlock brought himself to help him clean in while Leanna sat on the sofa with some of her favourite books next to her. She looked at each of them intensely, before picking up the next. By the time she was finished, John had dinner ready. Pasta again, just because the little one loved it and John wasn't a particularly good cook, except for the thing with the peas.
“Psst, Leanna.” He leaned close to her and she watched him with big eyes. “There's a really handsome Alpha behind you.”
“I am fine, better than fine. It was beautiful Sherlock, never heard anything like that, what is it?”
When Leanna greeted him with “Daddy”, all his negative thoughts definitely disappeared. He would never tired from hearing that. Leanna too was still getting used to it because she over utilised the name. She would call him Daddy all the time, just for the pleasure of saying it, and John was certainly not discouraging her. It was cute and heart-warming.
“It doesn't matter now. We need to go back to the flat. Molly, maybe you could spend some time with your mother, you need her comfort.”
“I'm sorry. I should have called, when your wife fired me. I just thought she should tell you herself.” Molly continued colouring a deer with the red Leanna had chosen for her. “And then I got a call from your mother asking for you, whether I had heard something from you.”
“Who said you were killed by us? No, you were the unfortunate victim of a tragic accident. Your cabbie you see, lost the control of his car and fell in the Thames. All my brother had to do was to change the license plate and an old footage becomes the last recording of your life! So you see, your Sherlock is in no state to do any sleuthing of any sort, too occupied to mourn you. My spies reported to me the great detective is completely broken by your death and has not left 221B since.”
So he went on, not stopping John from avoiding the topic. Sherlock knew John constantly thought about it, trying to process the fact that he would be a father in less than nine months and he also knew that he, as a boyfriend, should try to help him, at least listen to him. But John didn't talk, there was nothing to listen to. So Sherlock tried to support him in the only way he could. He avoided sulking, he cleaned up after his experiments (at least most times) and he told Leanna that John needed a lot of cuddles.
Sherlock dug his finger nails into his palm hard. It always helped to put a hurt expression on his face. John has never seen him doing this and it would be funny if it wasn't for Jim Moriarty.
“Yes, you. I am lucky to have your heart Sherlock. I want to keep it. Better even, I want to deserve it. I want… I want you to know how vital you are to me. I can’t imagine living without you Sherlock. I love you. So much.”
Sherlock had already been up when he woke this morning. Very rare since their fight two weeks ago. John wasn’t worried, Sherlock had promised to always tell him when he went on cases without him. John was surprised to find a note on the kitchen table.
John couldn’t sleep. He had heard Sherlock coming back late, past midnight. He hadn’t come to bed. Sherlock had preferred to sleep on the couch or his stupid chair rather than sleep with him. It hurt. Nothing had hurt more than this in this all hateful day! His ego and heart bruised in just a few hours, a little too much for the alpha.
Life with John was wonderful. They fitted perfectly into life at 221B Baker Street and one or two nights had developed into something more permanent without them really talking about it. Leanna had fully recovered after three days. In that time she mostly slept in the upstairs bedroom, as John and Sherlock sat in the living room, talking. Sherlock had never been one to make friends, but it felt comfortable with John. He still remembered vividly John laughing when he had used his chemist micropipette in order to precisely measure Leanna' doses of medication. . It had been the first time in a long time someone laugh at him without disgust or malicious intent. It was refreshing and soon he had giggled with John.
“Doctor Watson!” Karin, the new omega nurse called out to him, “I wanted to tell you, I appreciate that you told Roger his behaviour was inappropriate and discriminatory. It’s not the first time he insinuated that omegas should just listen to alphas and be…pleasant with them.”
Sherlock has already started some tests and as the computer was working he was looking at the shoes again and then at a particle under the microscope. So far there had been no matches and Sherlock felt slightly annoyed. This was a good puzzle, his brain is fully satisfied with having a lot of thinking to do, but his heart knows every second gone by was a second wasted.
“Sarah…Really? I mean, yes, yes, I agree. I thought about taking responsibility, but…I'll do what you want. I am sorry it happened to you, Sarah.”
The waiting room was full. They were a little early. John began to play with the watch Sherlock gave him for his birthday. It was a work of art. It was a new habit to look at it when he was bored, Sarah was too occupied texting with a smile on her lips.
John did and Sherlock fucked his face and the sound John made deep in his throat, God. Sherlock didn't hear himself cursing or the bed creaking, only the gurgling wet sounds of his cock in John's mouth.
A fight about this had been unavoidable. Alphas were stubborn by nature and maybe their lives had been too happy to be real.
The smile on John's face made him forget about the omega. John smiled so brightly at him, his eyes full of love for Sherlock and the detective still couldn't believe it. John loved him. Love. And that's what John said.
“I was thinking that I want this for the rest of our lives,” Sherlock said, only realising how big those words were when John's eyes widened in surprise, right before his face softened into a loving smile.
“It’s a…double compass…the big pointer indicates north, nothing unusual there…and the small one…indicates where the second stone is…”
She acted against her instinct, her duty as a doctor more important than some stupid feeling in her guts.
“It’s happy tears John, stop fussing!” After ruining his handkerchief, she added, “Thank you John, you can’t imagine how much it means to me, your forgiveness…Oh, I almost forgot, here you’re invited to Clara’s birthday party, if you could come, it would be fantastic.”
“Don't drag Leanna into this, Janine. Please. Torture me, if that makes you happy. But leave her alone. She suffered enough.”
He couldn’t keep his calm when Sherlock kept saying things like that! If he didn’t know the man, he would think he was very badly trying to provoke him! Hmmm Maybe Sherlock was making an experiment… It would explain his strange behaviour…
The case took the whole week and Sherlock was already on the plane home, when the murderer was caught, giving directions via text. He was married to his work more than he was married to his wife, but his daughter was a priority and it was her birthday today. They hadn't phoned, there hadn't been time. Tonight he would be able to climb into her bed and read her good night story to her, as lay curled around his chest, light like a feather and so pleasantly warm. She would smell like cake and baby and Leanna. Oh, how he missed her right now. His clever girl.
With a last effort, he rolled himself to not crushed Sherlock under his weight and took Sherlock, still breathing hard, in his arms to cuddle him.
“Daddy? I can call my John Daddy?” Leanna looked very excited by the new word. “Marco has a daddy too, I am happy I will have one too!” And she literally jumped to John and kissed him before hugging him using all the strength she had.
In their bed, John soon climaxed in his own hands; the orgasm nearly as strong as then. He missed Sherlock. He had to get up, clean up and search for his run away…boyfriend? Partner? They really should talk about labels…
He wanted to yell at John, tell him that it would have been better to let Sherlock take the poison in exchange for Sarah’s life… But it is what it is… It was too late and all he could do was being here for John, be his moral support in order to help him cope with this ordeal...
“John! I’m sorry I’m late! There was a problem on the tube and no phone service. I hope you didn’t wait too long.”
Mike was the one to give them access to the lab. John and Molly were both there, the omega seemed determined to help find Sarah. She was not one to sit and wait for the Alphas to do their work.
“Why?” John had realised then that it was a genuine question. The tall man really didn’t know… Unbelievable… How the man could be so oblivious of his own… sex appeal…
Thank you sooo much for your comments and kudos, they kept us motivated through the year of writing together.
John could feel Sherlock’s elevated heartbeat under his hands. He had to calm down a little, slow down, go back to more familiar territory and slow love making.
“There is a simple solution,” Sherlock tried to sound convinced, when he wasn't. “I am the problem in this, no one would care if John dated any other alpha. If I am removed from the equation, John and Leanna are safe. ”
Sarah froze and she was suddenly aware of the pulling in her stomach. From one second to the next, his Alpha scent filled the air like petrol.
John went behind the experimenting genius and took him in his arms, resting his head against the strong shoulder. “I need you.”
Sarah was long gone when John left and went back to Baker Street. The walk would help to organise what he wanted to say. He may had some questioning about himself to seriously do. He was possessive and he didn’t like not knowing where Sherlock was. And the way he had ordered Sherlock to not leave for a case without him… Perhaps a bit not good… He could ask Sherlock to meet him, Leanna wasn’t home, perfect moment. He would apologise… Ask Sherlock what exactly he was doing that was overbearing… If he made compromises, the detective may do some too, they would find a new ground, a more equal one…
Their table had a candle and two roses in a vase and they were sharing lasagna and caprese pizza. They held hands across the table and even Sherlock couldn't deny that tonight was utterly romantic. John deserved a little romance and they both deserved to finally go on a date after months of relationship.
“I mean... a year ago I was going to therapy, because I felt depressed. I was bored and without a pack and now I have a pack, a strange one, but a pack. Because of you I can be the father to a wonderful little girl and you... I love you so much, Sherlock.”
Sherlock hugged her closer, watching as she fell asleep. And he knew, he would suffer through a life with Janine for her.
Sarah sighed, sitting back. Her back hurt after just three hours of work. She was grateful, of course, that they still let her work at the A&E at all, even if it was just stitching up minor cuts. After the article, she had thought about stopping working, because people talked and did worse than that. They had attacked John. Still, that Moriarty guy had done horrible things to her and she wouldn't let him win. She loved being a doctor and had fought so long to get there, going through a divorce from an Alpha that had treated her like property and the painful removal of a bond bite. She had made it far for an omega, leading position in a London hospital. That was more than she had ever dreamed of.
Sherlock leaned back into the seat, closing his eyes. He just wanted this to be over, wanted to be home with his daughter and his… boyfriend? Partner? They would need to talk about that. And they would need to talk about sex. Sherlock wanted sex with John, but he had never wanted to have sex with anyone before and he didn’t know how to bring it up. All he knew was that he liked the kissing and groping that had been going on so far.
“I knew you would find us, Mycroft, though I had expected you at least two weeks ago. You are getting slow, brother mine.” He knew he should be nice, this fragile and oh so wonderful life with John depended on his brother right now, but he couldn't help himself. This is how they had always talked to each other, secretly worrying about the other.
“Leanna, can you put all the biscuits on the table?” Sherlock asked and looked at her while she went to the kitchen still concentrating on her steps to not drop anything.
“You see him, you can actually see him. It’s not John from my mind palace. John is actually here. John is not dead. John!”
“Harry you look beautiful! Here, a little gift for your better half” John gave her their present. Leanna had painted the wrapping paper herself.
Faster, deeper. He enjoyed the weight of John in his mouth, on his tongue, as the taste of is arousal, the dominant alpha smell, penetrated all of Sherlock's brain so wonderfully.
“Karen, why are there no patients coming in my office?” the waiting room was full of people waiting for a medical consultation.
“Oh very very good, love! I am laughing because I am happy! So so happy you went and organised all this for me!”
John had been imprisoned for more than 5 hours. He wasn’t even mad anymore. The Garridebs hadn’t done anything to him. John wondered if they had forgotten him in this closet. He had tried shouting to no avail, and he was just incredibly bored now.
Mrs. Hudson made pizza for them when they came home and Leanna decided she wanted to sleep at Sarah’s and Molly’s tonight.
Sherlock interrupted him. “An outside eye, a second opinion...” Sherlock looked at Molly. “And third… It’s very useful to me.” After a moment he added a “Please.”
Leanna carefully reached out for her. “She’s as pretty as Sarah.” Leanna touched the baby’s and and than her cheek. “What’s her name?”
John had walked back to Sherlock and Leanna with a photo of the ultrasound where two foetus were clearly visible. He couldn’t wait to show them…
“Your uncle is not as clever as you might think. Don't take everything he says as gospel. But yes, he is right this time.”
“Nobody thought so – nobody except me. I was only a kid myself. I read about it in the papers. The boy, Carl Powers, had some kind of fit in the water, but by the time they got him out it was too late. But there was something wrong; something I couldn’t get out of my head.”
“I don’t trust myself when I am too involved. I can make mistakes. I need to be … not biased in order to be sure of my deductions.”
Sherlock had breakfast with Leanna while John took a shower. The doctor had a job interview today and Sherlock knew he was nervous. After giving up his job at the A&E John was desperate to work again, even though he enjoyed the time at home. There were no cases due to the article and its aftermath and John needed to do something. Mycroft had offered his help, which John had declined. Sherlock understood him too well. John had always done things for himself, achieved everything on his own. He didn't need the British government to find him a place to work. He didn’t want to need help period.
Minutes later Sherlock was sitting on the stool in the kitchen while his doctor treated his arm, medical kit on the kitchen table. Maybe it was the pain, but Sherlock only realised the silence when John washed his hands afterwards, still not saying a word.
John smiled at him so fondly, so lovingly, Sherlock felt a warmth within him that had nothing to do with the fire or the duvet. John loved him, Sherlock knew as much, but the realisation of it surprised him again and again.
Sherlock was a little ahead of him, hands buried in his long coat to fight the chilly October air. And suddenly, the thought of taking these hands was overwhelming, he wanted to but didn’t dare act on it. They had agreed to try to be discreet when outside Baker Street, Sherlock usually wore his beta’s scent, but he forgot sometimes when they just go outside with Leanna, it was risky to officially become an alpha/alpha couple. So much prejudices… And some people were very vocal and sometimes even aggressive when confronted with an unusual pairing…
Hi everyone! Here it is, the last chapter of Three Make a Heart! I hope you will like what we have prepared for you ^^
John held his mate more tightly while he felt more guilt assaulting him. How could he have let the situation go out of hand so much, let Sherlock  feel insecure in addition to feeling the pressure of the responsibility in finding Sarah. How could he have doubted Sherlock’s feelings! He should have been able to see that he wasn’t so calm, that it was an act…
Sherlock held him close. “It's okay, John. We don't need to... It's okay.” John intertwined their fingers, guiding them to lay down, the doctor on top of him. He kissed Sherlock's neck and then carefully bit down.
His brother’s hand was cold on his shoulder, but it felt comforting as the elder holmes struggled for words. “Ms. Sawyer and Doctor Watson have just arrived at the hospital. I will get updates on the babies‘ lives as soon as the doctors have them.“
Sherlock wondered, if Janine already knew John hadn't bonded the Omega to him, or if she still thought Leanna and he would return to her.
With John came the scent of citron and Sarah and all of Sherlock's plan to apologize was forgotten. Someone had touched his John and Sherlock went into full alpha mode. The doctor had barely made it into the flat when the detective's body crashed against his, grey eyes filled with anger and hurt and something Sherlock hadn't experienced before he had met John, something that felt a lot like jealousy.
“Stop being a drama queen, John. I called you several times. You weren’t listening.” She justified and came to sit in front of him.
Few moments later, he felt the ghost of a finger against his cheek, as if Sherlock wanted to make sure he was really here, with him. A hesitant, anxious Sherlock was not acceptable. John would not let this continue. Funny how he became braver when he wanted to protect and save Sherlock, even from his own feelings and behaviour. When John felt once more Sherlock’s tentative fingers against him, John caught his hand and pressed it firmly against his cheek.
“It would be easier if I were an omega and could carry your offspring.” Sherlock regretted his words as soon as they left his mouth and he regretted his harsh tone even more.
They spent the next two and a half years like this, living separate lives. He spent Janine's heats with her, but she didn't get pregnant a second time. Sherlock didn't want another child with her, but he knew his parents expected them to have at least one more. There had to be an alpha heir and no one knew Leanna's second gender yet. But there was time for; they were not even thirty yet.
And then… Then they had lost themselves in carnal need… Sherlock had let it happened. But John gently liking his neck to prevent infections made Sherlock get out of his head. Yes… They had bitten each other like some primal alphas, when he had first felt the burning of the bite, the desire to do the same, to own John too, had been too powerful to escape. The cautious licking felt like a silent apology… Sherlock didn’t want an apology, not for this, ever.
“Absolutely not, you have a great flat, John, I see what you meant about its typical English homey feeling. And it’s very central!”
“What are you doing here Sarah? I thought you took some days off? Is there a problem with the babies?”
“But I want to, love. I want to savour you, I want you to be seduced! You have a beautiful body, let me unravel it bit by bit.” John said placing soft, teasing kisses on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock hurried downstairs, tearing the front door open. Laura looked bored, she always did. She had been part of his homeless network for a little over two years, one of the few omegas.
“Uncle My, look at my drawing! Here, and look I made that!” Leanna took her uncle by the hand and gave him a thorough tour of all the living room. Uncle My was a little stiff but she was used to that behaviour from him, she wasn’t intimidate by it anymore. And after some time, he was truly smiling to her, it was alright then and she enthusiastically gave one of her favourite book to him.
Their train was on time. Sherlock had a hard time getting the suitcase into the trolley with a sleeping child in his arms, but a young woman, student, returning to London after she spent a day with her unappreciative boyfriend, helped him.
“And I care. I care about Sarah and the babies. I just… I need to be level headed to be able to deduce correctly. Sentiments, sentiments tend to blur the facts, we can’t afford to be biased or Moriarty will win.”
“Hmm. I know John. I know you don't. Just know I will try my best to listen if you feel the need to.”
Yep, Captain Watson was angry. But this time Sherlock didn’t feel like appeasing the alpha. He hadn’t done anything wrong! He was fine! And he knew exactly what he was doing!
Sherlock kissed that wonderful mouth again, before he let his lips wander deeper, hands slowly gliding from John's. He lapped at a nipple, teasing it as John groaned and wiggled underneath him in a search for friction.
“I will miss you. So much.” John's voice was soft, and Sherlock felt his warmth against his back. There was no stopping the tears now and Sherlock clenched his fist.
“Think, John! You care about Leanna, you take care of her, protect her. If you want to be a father, you’ll be a good one, obviously!”
“Hello Karen. Don’t worry we are not here to cause a scandal. Sarah is… tired from her pregnancy. She won’t be coming to work for a few days. She asked we take care of some personal items in her office. We won’t be long.” John explained.
“You have unguarded access to the morgue and the labs for 3 months at Barts.” John was quite proud of this gift. He had thought long and hard about something meaningful to give and had contacted his old friend Mike Stamford. He had been able to help orchestrated the whole things. John had promised to pay all the pints at the pub in the future for the favour.
“You like it? Good. I deduce it from your photograph and well… Harry may have told me about a lost watch you loved…”
He hurried to the shower, not wanting to continue the thought with his sleeping child in the same room. Still, he stayed quiet as he touched himself under the warm spray, John's light snoring coming from the main bedroom. John. His John, who had forgiven his lie, who made him smile. His clever, handsome, strong John. His protector.
“John. Don’t think one second about something stupid like marrying me because of…this! You don’t see me as a prospective bond mate: you didn’t bite me, we didn’t kiss. This was nothing more than a physical necessity. I refuse, you hear me? I refuse to enter a loveless marriage again.
“Well… Not good obviously… Sherlock doesn’t think of anything else than Moriarty and finding Sarah. He will succeed. But you’re still wearing your coat, do you want to take it off and have a cup of tea? Something warm, with honey?”
He felt better with every mile added to the distance between him and the Holmes Manor. Leanna stared out of the window, sniffling and rubbing her eyes from time to time. He felt guilty for dragging her out of bed, when she felt so horrible, but this was his only chance. Leaving would become harder with a nanny in the house. And if he was honest with himself, he would probably lose his courage to do this soon. Leaving his parents wasn't that hard, he had never been one for sentiment, but the prospect of raising Leanna on his own, always watching his back, made him doubt himself. It was better than Leanna growing up with a heartless mother.
It was a sweet kiss, demanding but not in a sexual way. John felt like melting into the embrace, answering eagerly to each stroke of lips and tongue. Sherlock was going to become the best kisser John had ever known (John Watson was a lucky bastard). Well, he had a good teacher…
“Yes, are you happy little lioness?” Sherlock asked, kneeling in front of his daughter and look at what she was showing.
John chuckled, intertwining their fingers on his chest. “I don't want to ruin the mood, Sherlock, but I think we should talk.”
“Yes? I AM a genius you know!” Sherlock was hiding his embarrassment behind cockiness but John wasn’t duped.
Sherlock felt John next to him and he knew he shouldn't have hidden from him for days on end. They would be better now, together.
“My... wife, if you want to call her that, has different priorities than other mothers. A situation that I am not willing to accept anymore.” Sherlock nodded towards his daughter to indicate he didn't want to say more with her listening.
Leanna was very excited by all the shopping and new things, they spent forever trying to get her to fall asleep and it had been Sherlock’s magic violin which had finally put an end to the overexcited little girl’s night.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He needed focus and logic, ignore his worry, only then could he be effective. John would hate it, but would understand eventually. At least Leanna wouldn't have to experience him like this.
He didn't rest. He stared up to the ceiling. 28 hours in captivity and the presence of an unbonded Alpha. Sarah must be in a horrible state.
Sherlock couldn't resist pressing kisses to her beautiful face, whispering facts about hands to her, as she slept.
He was so focused; he didn’t hear the detective come back. The man was most of the time very loud in his movement but when he wanted to do so, he was nearly undetectable. And Sherlock used his talent to sneak behind him and kiss him softly under the ear.
“Hello, John.” Sherlock's voice sounded dark even to his own ears and he pressed his lips to John’s temple, as the doctor pulled him into an embrace.
He prepared the pancake mix and all the ingredients he needed to cook sausage, eggs and bacon. It was time to see if Leanna was waking up. He had promised her the previous day that she would be able to help him.
“Yeah, thank god Leanna came to save me. I love dancing and you told me to try and mingle with others, so I thought why not, but that was torture, John! She wouldn’t stop talking about inane things…Do people really find important which colour is trendy?”
John then took notice of his own bite, well from the pain radiating from it, he would scar too! And surprisingly, he liked the idea tremendously. He belonged to Sherlock exactly like the man belonged to him...
The detective smiled at their playing pretend, watching their every move and shared smile. John got his head bandaged, then Leanna gave him pills only she could see.
“What are you thinking about, love?” John asked, softly squeezing his hand. His smile was without worry, he knew that Sherlock got lost in his brain a lot.
John's mouth was wet and warm on his, the kiss feather light but without hesitation. Soon, it deepened and John's hands were on his hips and Sherlock's were around his shoulders and back.
“Hmm. I'm gonna clean up and then we'll sleep a little longer. I promised Leanna she could be the one to wake you up with breakfast in bed.”
Next, they had spent the day at a spa. He had been pleasantly surprised to discover there was a service who offered to watch the children while the parents were being massaged. He had been able to convince Sherlock to go and…It had been bliss! The masseur was very competent and had successfully relaxed his aching shoulder. But most important, Sherlock had loved it. He was positively glowing after the massage.
“I remember you, but you’ve grown so much! You can call me aunty if you want!” Harry was smiling, and Leanna did remember that day. She had lots of fun running and playing with the other children.
“Okay”, the gynaecologist finally said, after 20 minutes, “now we will talk about what you will need to do because of your unusual situation. First, you will the scent of the alpha father. Dr Watson, I advise you let some of your clothes and scents to Dr Sawyer. It will soon be absolutely necessary. The alpha’s pheromones present in the scent will help the omega body to make the proper changes to accommodate the baby growth. It will be the only think that will help as you won’t have intercourse and exchange of bodyly fluids.”
Sherlock’s face was a mix of anger, worry and… fear… Not something John was used to reading on his mate’s face. The knot in his stomach tightened.
“John…” Sherlock whispered. But John couldn’t look at him, he had to stay concentrated on his mark. He just moved in front of him, protecting him with his body.
And why had he been so quick to trust them? Help them? He was concerned but he could have given them an association name, but no, he had wanted to be the one offering protection, a home. His inner alpha had taken control there, to protect.
The gynaecologist was visibly surprised but soon found his composure again, “Alright. You know it’s not the ideal situation for a healthy pregnancy. It will be hard. The omega’s body is adapted to assured pregnancy while bonded. Your body will lack the hormonal input from a bonding bite and the presence of a mate. The risk of miscarriage is a lot higher.”
“Oh.” John first reflex was to deny. He was progressive. He had always tried to be an alpha open minded and tolerant. But…Well… Something sounded correct in Sherlock’s analysis… And if he was honest with himself…He did felt apprehension at the thought of bottoming for Sherlock. Maybe his need to see Sherlock submit to him came from this fear…to lose himself to Sherlock…
“You can’t do anything more right now. Your brain needs rest. And your heart needs to hear me, so we are going to sleep together. And I need you too. You’re right, it’s been too long since we really touched, I felt guilty to be close to you when Sarah was alone and scared. But we need each other. I need you and you need me. We can’t be out best without each other. I should have realised it sooner, we are a better team when we properly share, when we confide in each other.”
“Oh, love. Jimmy wants to get to Sherlock Holmes. I wanted John Watson dead years ago. You are a key to both of them. So, little key, what we are going to do is walk up to the side entrance. Pretty little car waiting there for us. You are not going to scream or signal to anyone that you are getting... kidnapped is such a hash word, but yeah, that's what we're doing here... If you do, I'll shoot you in the belly. Kill your Babies. I don't care if I'm going to jail for it. So, it's being cooperative or a dead bastards. Understood?”
“This... this is disgusting. Not only does that bastard have the nerve to judge our, by the way very happy and not at all unnatural, relationship...” John moved away from him to pace the living room, the early morning light just coming in from the windows. “This puts our daughter in danger. We have only just managed to give her a stable home and now that utter cock is... I mean who is he to think he can do that to us. To Leanna.”
The dreadful feeling had come back in full force, John was now afraid he understood too well what the Garridebs had done.
“I thought it would be fitting. Botulinum toxin. It will be fast, faster than you deserve. Sarah will be free the moment of your last breath, your last heartbeat.” The psychopath was taunting Sherlock! How dare he!
“Not in front of Leanna. I'm sure Mrs. Hudson wouldn't mind, but this isn't appropriate for a child.” The song ended and they parted, John looking after the biscuits again, Sherlock kissing Leanna's forehead before making his way to the bathroom.
The detective looked at Watson again, trying to find any evidence that would suggest the doctor couldn't be trusted. There was none, none that Sherlock could detect. Even his scent was pleasant and strong. And John meant what he said, a friendly smile hiding the anger towards a woman he didn't even know.
At some point, they ended up in John’s bed, the only place Sherlock hadn’t ransacked in his rage and grief.
Their moment was interrupted by yelling. Hamish and a young man, an omega, were shouting at each other. Apparently he had been offended by the way Hamish had tried to seduce him. John couldn’t let a fight explode in his sister party; he was going to make him leave and if he took a little pleasure doing it, well a bonus.
John was overwhelmed, Sherlock seemed to have read the entire traditional romantic date things to do but dam, it was working. After 20 minutes in the bath, he found a new outfit ready for him, finely tailored; he never had worn such a fine product…
The day had been perfect. Sherlock had loved his present, and when John had attached the wristband to Sherlock’s wrist, he had this image of himself putting a ring in his finger… One day… He had made sure with the jeweller to make this wristband very resistant and with a strong clasp… It wouldn’t come off easily… And they were some other secrets hidden in it, but he had wanted to wait for the both of them to be alone…and maybe give Sherlock the chance to try and find out for himself what the wristband could also do.
“Stop being all kissy. Tell Papa about the surprise?” Leanna climbed in between them, one finger pressed to either of her mouths.
John went back to his bedroom and fell asleep quickly. His last thoughts were that he should trust his instinct more. Sherlock was a very interesting person, for the first time since his return; he thought someone could easily become his friend, a very good friend. Sarah had won that with perseverance and time but Sherlock… John would give it to him without question. Life still had some surprises for him after all.
“See!” Harry exclaimed, “I don’t want to cause any problem to Clara! And I didn’t like that job that much! I will find something else soon!”
John and Harry had met twice since their first meeting, a month ago, but Sherlock had refused to come each time. He was beginning to run out of arguments, and he needed Sherlock to come with him. It was a feeling he didn’t dare to think about too much for the moment.
After resetting his shoulder, Sherlock was still obviously distressed. John would never had thought such emotionalism laid hidden beyond the cold mask he wore most of the time. Watching the man’s emotions about his death awoke a hope John had believed buried.
Sherlock knew. He knew about the woman Mycroft had loved, their mother not allowing them to marry, as she didn't have a certain status. Sherlock had been only seventeen back then, witnessing as his brother's heart was broken because of those stupid rules and expectations his mother had.
Unfortunately, finding a name for her twin brother took more time. They couldn’t find an M name for boy they all liked.
There were lists on the internet on the signs of sexual attraction. Racing heart, need to touch them and yourself, being 'hot and bothered'. Sherlock put those in a list and he would choose a scale from one to five. He hoped John would generate a lot of fives. God, he was way too biased; this wasn't even close to being a scientifically correct experiment.
John got to his feet, files in a neat pile and only briefly damaged by the tea. “You amazing creature. I wish I could…”
They came home to a silent flat and got ready for bed. Sherlock checked on Leanna, who was asleep, her Teddy pressed to her chest, hair a mess on the pillow. He watched her for a few minutes, unable to move from all the love he had for her.
John tried not to come off as interested, a constant game he played when Mycroft was around. “You’re not telling me one of those embarrassing childhood stories of Sherlock’s again, are you?” John thought back to last Christmas and a slightly tipsy Mycroft.
A week after Leanna’s birthday Sherlock woke up to the sound of crayons against paper. He opened her eyes to find his daughter sitting on the bed with a stack of paper on her lap. She looked adorable with her face all scrunched up in concentration. She looked a little bit like John, tongue stuck out as she drew what turned out to be stick figures.
“Oh, I should have recorded it, Sherlock Holmes admitting that I can be right!” John teased, “Is that my Christmas’s present?”
His wife's voice, calm throughout her threats, had an angry not to it now, which made her a little bit more human.
Exasperated, Sherlock made them roll on their sides, took John’s left hand and guided it to his bottom. John felt all air leave his lungs. Sherlock’s hole was loose and wet with lube.
John felt his inside twisted painfully. It was worse than anything, really. Mix of unbearable jealousy, a feeling he wasn’t very used to feel about his previous lover, and anger, aggressiveness even considering he wanted to rip apart anyone approaching Sherlock, it didn't matter that they were imaginary. Not an acceptable reality. Not the one he wanted.
“I don’t kiss and tell John. Go home. And talk to him. Take some time to really think about what he told you. You obviously have some issues, but it’s not as serious as you make it.”
“Leanna! You must warn me when you do that! I could drop you!” John’s smile demented his words, he knew, but couldn’t help himself.
“Feelings? YOU are talking about feelings to ME?” she yelled. Violet went back to many years before, when she had just married and bonded Siger. He was a handsome omega then, she had thought she was lucky in their arranged marriage, it could have been worse. She even thought she was in love. But it was before she learnt about Siger’s secret relationship with a woman beta the first years of their joining. It had been a cold awakening. Something had broken inside her then. Oh, Siger had tried to make amends, but she never would be able to trust him again. She could not divorce him, it wasn’t an option then, all she could do was to save the appearance of a happy and fulfilled alpha/omega bonded life. She had shared Siger’s heat but allowed nothing else.
But if he was honest with himself, what was really taxing for him was the fear. The fear of losing everything that he was building with Sherlock. And the inconsiderate fool wanted to leave! Leave him alone… Just the thought made him feel like he was in the pit of hell and the fall was terrorising him. His arguments about why Sherlock’s disappearance was definitely not a good idea had seemed to be heard but well… He could never be absolutely sure with the git!
“You should run while you can,” John spat. The calm and tranquility he could read on the man was unnerving him more than any clear threat.
John felt like he was walking on clouds… He couldn’t really comprehend the enormity of twins… It would be much more work and they would need to organise soon so that everything would be there to welcoming two babies… Two… What the hell… A year ago he was packless without prospects and thought he would never have a family, and now, he had a 3 and a half year old daughter with another alpha and two babies with an omega…
They had toast and Leanna seemed almost back to her normal, happy self. She talked a lot, told him about all the things Nana and she had done, how they had had pajama parties every evening.
He had observed the pair of them while they were discussing with his sister. Maybe they could become good friends. He found it reassuring that all the people around Leanna learnt to appreciate each other. They all were his pack now. That they could be all friends would be the icing on the cake!
“Can you speak about it? You're frightening me, sweetheart…” John felt like he should insist and try to make the detective explained what had distressed him.  He had been so shaken by this dream, it had to be important, something Sherlock was afraid of. John needed to know what cause it to be able to protect him from it.
Sherlock felt the tears on his cheeks but didn’t bother to wipe them away. He didn’t know what to do with himself, felt helpless in his grief. Helpless and small.
The phone tinged in his pocket and it took Sherlock a second to realize it was the pink one. There was a text message with a picture attached.
John and spent some time together deducing and laughing until a redhead passed in front of them. Sherlock face closed and successive deductions about the man’s habit fell from his mouth. He was a serial cheater, but worse, he used to beat his one night stand and not in a fun or consensual way.
“More serious? We haven’t really spoken to each other for a week! How much more serious do you want it to be!”
John didn't know what to say. Her sister had a point. Maybe his reluctance about initiating something else with Sherlock was more complex than gender status. But he couldn’t talk with Harry about his own insecurities. Could someone as extraordinary as Sherlock really have romantic feelings for him? Him, ordinary, ex-army John?
“John, … please don’t stop…oh…don’t stop!” As to make himself clearer, his strong arms encircled John in an unbreakable embrace.
“You are a marvel!” John exclaimed, “The English vocabulary is too…poor to express how much I love it!” He took Sherlock by the back of the neck and forcibly made him bend to kiss him soundly.”
Immediately, John knelt down to pick them up. Sherlock knew tidiness helped John whenever his feelings were chaotic and Sherlock let him.
He noticed Molly straight away, as she walked in the door, looking around the room shyly. He waved his hand and she smiled. Leanna looked up and squealed, throwing her pencil away.
But just when John had found a new ground, Moriarty found the way to make him fall one more time. Seeing Sarah’s photo, John was seeing red. The omega was obviously distressed, she was abnormally pale, her arms protectively around her belly.
“John. Keep calm. Don’t let your alpha’s instinct take over! Sarah is unharmed. She is under stress but she is strong and there is no evidence of mistreatment, the pregnancy doesn’t seem in danger either. From the light, I can promise you this photo has been taken less than  30 minutes ago.”
John’s stomach dropped. How dare they threaten Sherlock! And the thing was, it was a likely scenario. He could picture Sherlock running someplace without a thought about his own safety and falling in a trap, being hurt… maybe even being killed…
“I think about that a lot, right now. With... with Sarah pregnant, children are on my mind all the time. I just... I can't talk about it yet. The thought of me being a dad... It's hard to wrap my head around it. And talking about feelings isn't my strong suit. My therapist could write a book about that.”
“Of course I'm sure. I wouldn't just guess in a moment like this. And I will never forget this horrible wallpaper either.”
Sherlock had pressed a kiss to John's shoulder before he slipped out from underneath the duvet and out of the room. It had only been thirty seconds since the phone on the nightstand had stopped vibrating, but Sherlock's brain was already running amok.
After a while, Sherlock reluctantly released him. “We must finish the preparation. Molly and the others will be here soon…”
Sherlock was patient and attentive, it was sweet torture, John was moaning shamelessly each time those long and beautiful fingers brushed his prostate, sending wave after wave of heated pleasure throughout his body. While Sherlock’s fingers were occupied, the clever man began to use his mouth.
Sherlock opened his eyes at his little speech, “You don’t have to apologise for being human and having emotions John.”
Sherlock looked up at John. “He loved those shoes, remember. He’d never leave them filthy. Wouldn’t leave them go unless he had to. So: a child with big feet gets ...Oh.”
“Mycroft, how convenient of you to come now!” Papa sneered, “Here, I save for you the biggest piece!”
In the midst of passion, John was conscious enough to take the time to make it easier for Sherlock. Alpha’s instincts were powerful, the tall man had to stay full of pleasure and desire, so that oxytocin, endorphins, and pheromones would be potent enough to trick Sherlock’s body into accepting John in his most vulnerable place.
His daughter's eyes went even bigger. He had told her about London many times, about murders and crime scenes and corpses. That seemed to be all she needed to know.
Sherlock sighed, “You are right of course…” He was pouting, and it was so adorable John wanted to kiss it. But as they feared, Leanna began to wake up. She was still mostly curled around John, a little unusual with her father near as well but John had taken care of her for 4 months.
Sherlock sighed, “You can’t expect me to obey your orders, John. You can’t ask me to never do something. I can’t make that kind of promise. It would be a lie. I don’t want to do that to you.”
“No, no, it was the primitive alpha in me talking, because she is pregnant with my babies… I don’t think of her like that, never have, never will, not really. She will be the mother of our babies, but I don’t desire her as a mate. You, Sherlock, always you.” John explained.
He met Bill at Three Bridges Station, the child asleep again. The young man was part of the homeless network Sherlock worked with from time to time, when he was in London. Bill ws one of the people within the network Sherlock trusted most. He paid him two hundred pounds and Bill drove off, leaving the car at Gatwick airport. Sherlock had booked two plane tickets to Berlin with the credit card and hoped it would take a while for his parents to find out no-one had taken the flight. Enough time for Leanna and him to blend into London, to not be noticeable anymore.
John had kissed him stupid that night. He was so full of love for this man who was willing to bend his mind and principles for his little girl’s well-being. John couldn’t be more smitten and he wanted it to be known.
“She is sleeping, won’t wake up if you don’t make a sound” and John engulfed two of Sherlock’s finger in his mouth and sucked like he meant it.
“You should stop talking then,” Sherlock answered teasingly, hands roaming over John's back. They giggled, foreheads leaned against the others shoulder.
“She is with Molly tonight… We will need to talk Sherlock. Really. I had some deep thought and… I want to make sure we are on the same page. We are both alphas, you’re right, I tend to forget it sometimes, I think… I…
“Thank you, John. It’s nice of you to notice! So tell me, little brother, what do you do these days?”
“You have a GPS on your phone John. I will show you how to use it but you can always track my phone! We are in the 21th century after all!”
Janine sat on one of the sofas in the living room, two of her brainless, pretty friends next to her, each woman a flute of champagne in hand. Sherlock had noticed the giggling from the hallway and hadn't been surprised to see them there. What surprised him was the fact that Leanna was nowhere to be seen.
John took some time thinking. A false text message, a locked door…“I…I think it’s from Sherlock family, to make him come back or something…I don’t see any other people who could do this.”
“Sherlock, bed, please!” John found standing up really hard and he wanted, desperately now, to feel the tall man against him without any clothes in the way.
“Don’t put words in my mouth! Since when do I treat you like an omega? Your second gender has nothing to do with this argument! I ask a very simple thing! Don’t. Leave. Me. Behind!”
Around eight, Sherlock brought Leanna upstairs. She made a fuss, didn’t want to sleep at first and Sherlock lay down in her in her tiny bed with her. She felt it, John's bad mood, his being unable to do anything. She was emphatic and picked up on their feelings and Sherlock knew she felt unsettled.
The more he thought about it, more the idea appealed to him… and be able to truly surprised Sherlock would be the icing on the cake! He would be indebted with Mycroft for this!
Sherlock and John had taken their time over the last weeks, which was partly due to a toddler living with them and a time-consuming case, but their few shared intimate moments had been wonderful and Sherlock wanted more, wanted this for the rest of his life. He wanted to claim and be claimed. He was an alpha and John was his, even if he couldn't bond him.
Lestrade waited at a parking space close to the Thames. Sally and a few members of Anderson's forensic team were there as well. There had been a crime happening then, of course, and that's why Moriarty had sent him here.
The five of them went upstairs, to get the kids dressed. Malo started to cry, silent tears falling from his eyes. He signed at Sherlock, obviously missing his mother’s as children did, especially in the morning. Sherlock had mastered sign language in a week and was using it with Malo a lot and both Leanna and Matilda showed a lot of interest in learning it as well. He kissed Malo’s cheek and signed at him, trying to comfort the little boy. Putting clothes on didn’t seem to be on the agenda for any of the kids and as it was warm outside John and Sherlock decided with one shared look that they would avoid trouble today.
A few seconds, or minutes really, hard to say, John came to his senses, suddenly worried about Sherlock… But the man was still recuperating, eyes shut, well he had obviously orgasmed just after John. He couldn’t help feel a little smug about it… and he saw the bond mark, or what would be a bond mark had Sherlock been an omega. The biet to the neck was severe this time, it would scar, not exactly as a bond bite, it would be less visible… But still… There would be a mark identifying Sherlock as taken, his…
Sherlock took his daughter from Molly and hugged her tight, whispering into her hair how much he loved her, how clever and beautiful she was.
Smiling, John kissed him again, stroking his hair with the hand that was not currently working on his cock. “Of course, love. Anything.”
“John…oh, yes. John.” They hadn't done this a lot, not this way around, with Sherlock's cock in John's mouth and maybe John wasn't the best at giving blow jobs, maybe he wasn't even good, but it was perfect for Sherlock.
“John... John, I'm sorry....,” he whispered, touching his own lips with his fingers, as if to keep the heat of John's mouth from fading away. It was all he would have from now on. The memory on an awkward kiss.
“DI Watson-Holmes. First ever omega DI.” Leanna agreed, now unable to hold the grin back. She hugged John and Sherlock could see tears in his husband’s eyes.
“If you have something to say, do it.” John said while Sherlock went to Sarah’s office to investigate.
“Yes, brilliant idea! My amazing, beautiful, dashing Sherlock!” Endearments and sweet nothings were flowing from his mouth while he tried to quickly divest himself of all his clothes. Why the fuck was he wearing a belt! Took forever to get rid of it!
“Sorry, sir. I'm only treating Omega's and Betas. My colleague, Dr Harris will be glad to help you.”
“Just the perfect time. With the traffic and the incompetence of my driver I have at least half an hour to talk.”
“Love. My wonderful Sherlock. God, I … of course I have thought about a child with both our DNA before, but.... I love you. I love you so much. Every part of you. Being an alpha is part of your personality and I love your for it.”
Sherlock blurted out Sarah's name. “No, she's not in heat. She's on suppressants. She's divorced and focused on her career. Of course she's on suppressants.”
Fingers replaced the tongue, John fuelled by Sherlock’s response to his ministrations just couldn’t wait anymore. He was careful to not stimulate the prostate too much, Sherlock seemed to be as near to coming as he was…
“Sherlock, please, love, are you really alright?” A frightened Sherlock was insupportable for John, he had to be able to do something…
So this is it for the "A Strange Pack" series. We can't believe we did it. We struggled a little bit with part 3, but hope you still like it. The French-german author alliance will continue to work together and we are already full of ideas for a new story. It will take a while before we post anything though, because we want to finish writing/beta reading before we get the story out into the world.
“You marvel, you practiced while I was working, didn’t you!” John went and kissed his ridiculous man. Sherlock grumbled something but kissed back.
The relief in Sherlock’s face was apparent. He put his violin in it’s case and shyly smiled, not quite looking at John, “I am happy you like it… I…I compose it for you… It’s you… my feelings for you… It’s my last gift for you.”
Violet looked at her son’s dramatic exit, shocked. How could he do this to her! To their family names! She could already see the future front page on the news “Sherlock Holmes, alpha and heir of the illustrious Holmes name, has a scandalous secret relationship with another alpha. Rebellious choice or a defect in the old line?”
“Our mother has not yet contacted me, but she will know of this any minute now. She will be enraged.”
Sherlock let John sleep and texted Lestrade instead. He needed his help to find out if the car was reported missing. The DI didn't answer and because Sherlock was an impatient man, he called him.
“Her mother isn’t”, he looked at Leanna’s close eyes, “a very good caregiver. I…removed her from our house and at the moment, we are at the hotel.”
“I'm a freak, Mummy even told me I was a sociopath. Still, I love her. That's why I took her away. I don't want her to grow up thinking reputation and money is all there is.” Sherlock was close to tears, desperate for her to understand.
“John, will you please tell me what’s the problem? I had a call telling me you were not your usual calm self. You had several fight with your colleagues and your patients! So yes, I am asking again, what happened?”
“Sarah, you won’t! There will be Mrs Hudson, my sister and her partner, Molly, Leanna’s nanny, very sweet and nice, I am sure you will like her. And, we are going to be a family. An unconventional one, but a family nonetheless.” John was grateful for Sarah thoughtfulness of his and Sherlock’s intimacy, but he wanted her to know she wouldn’t ever be a stranger at Baker Street.
There was a car, black with tinted windows. She was shoved into the back as her alleged patient sat down next to her. Then there was a cloth and a strange, chemical scent. She tried to breath, but the world faded to black.
“We will need lube. It will make anal penetration easier. I have already done research on preparation. It will take some time for me to adjust, but I am willing to try.”
His introspection about fatherhood was maybe not inconspicuous, because Sherlock always looked at him with strange looks.
The phone call ended, but a few minutes later Sherlock was alone again, as John went on a walk. And he had been the one to send him away, feelings made him do absurd things. He should have made him stay; beg him to not leave him. Sherlock wanted to shoot the wall again, but decided otherwise for Leanna's and Mrs. Hudson's sake.
John cut off the monologue to kiss him and who could blame him for the kiss getting a little bit too heated.
“Oooh boouuu Johnny boy, If you think I am afraid of you, you're wrong! You’re a failure! The army doesn’t even want you anymore”
The snap of the lube bottle and then John's hands on his arse and down his cleft and oh... John pressed the tip of his index finger against, and after some slow movement, inside his hole and Sherlock couldn't hold back anymore.
When she came over to discuss some facts with him, Sherlock was glad the kids were over with the girls, because damn, jealousy made John even better in bed.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock snapped back to their kitchen, surrounded by good food and better company, wondering why his mind had wandered down that path.
“Okay, Sherlock. I'm only doing this for you, because you helped so much over the last months and I consider you a friend. I can't do anything from here. It'll take me half an hour to get to Scotland yard and I'll text you as soon as I know something, okay.”
“Don’t worry Harry, I understand. And I know you hated him at least as much as I did when we were kids, you were merciful, it’s not your fault he didn’t deserve it. Go back to Clara and your guests… Wait, who's that with Sherlock… Harry! You didn’t tell me our parents would be here!”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson. And don’t let Leanna come up, please. Maybe”, he looked at the little girl already entering Mrs Hudson flat, “Janine will come, I don’t want Leanna to see her.”
Two cups of tea were sitting on the desk in the living room, as a peace offering. Sherlock hadn't been able to keep himself from thinking about John and he had decided to apologize, to tell him it had just been an experiment. He experimented all the time and this couldn't be worse than growing mould in his flatmate's favourite mug. John would believe him, he always did and they would go back to normal, providing a good life for Leanna.
“John, you’re rambling. Just give it to me, I am sure I will like it.” Sherlock’s smile was already a nice reward for John even if it was at his own expanse.
Sherlock accepted the handkerchief, wiping his face. From the way his knees hurt he had to have been sitting on the floor for approximately half an hour. Getting up was hard, but he managed.
Karen finished her speech with a confident smile. She obviously thought she was being kind to the ex-doctor. Probably convinced her words would save John from making a big mistake.
“I didn’t ignore you! Just… I am sorry okay, I had to deal with work, tidying up the flat and other… things. I was going to call you, I promise” His excuses sounded weak even to his own ears, but Harry seemed to accept them. She had a very faint scent, as all betas, but he could now perceive the familiar smell and it felt strangely soothing. She was his big sister, they used to be best friends when they were toddlers. When their second genders were as yet unknown.
They had joked and talked about lighter subject next. Sherlock has soon come back to them, and as Harry had anticipated, he went right next to him, a protective and possessive arm around John’s shoulders.
“Feelings? For me ?” John’s heart had nearly stopped at Sherlock’s little speech and was now about to jump out of his chest.
When Lestrade had come over to the flat in the morning, John had been at work and it was Leanna's day with Molly. Usually, Sherlock called John, but this seemed too easy to even bother. Who would have guessed that the vet and part time thief had a weapon on him and that he would drive it through the Belstaff and into Sherlock's upper arm?
“Shhh, yes, yes, of course! We will go through this together, always!” John was petting Sherlock’s hair, trying to sooth him, to reassure him.
“Yoo-hoo.” Mrs. Hudson appeared in the doorway. “Just wanted to ask the little Miss whether she wants to come downstairs and play with Mrs. Turner's granddaughters. They are here for the weekend.”
“Okay. Well, my trip with Clara was wonderful! She is fantastic John and this trip, with her? It was what I needed. We visited France, Germany and Italy. I loved it with Clara!
“It’s… It’s Sarah’s list…” Molly was still fixing the paper and suddenly, heavy tears fell down her cheeks.
“I am not sure, we will have to experiment, I know it works for at least for 200 yards (=182m or 600 feet). When the 2nd stone is too far away, the pointer will stay on the zero.”
“Stop John. Even if we had talked after Leanna went back with Molly, you would have received this text and you would have gone to see what Sarah needed because you’re a good friend and a good alpha. It’s the past. Don’t beat yourself. Neither Sarah nor I do it. So don’t. We love each other, that’s all I need.”
“Ah, yeah, okay. Just... come in, sit down. I'll have a look.” She gestured into the room and he stepped in, sitting down. “What happened, Mr....?”
“Well, I heard it is common to congratulate one's only brother for... getting older. As if that was your achievement.”
Sherlock was near asleep when John crawled into bed next to him and he wrapped his arms around the doctor, holding him close. His mouth found John's neck, unable to resist pressing kisses to the warm skin.
Taking in John's scent, Sherlock went to his mind palace. There were only few things he knew about Moriarty, or Moran, but he spent every free minute shifting those fact around, trying to make sense of them. Moriarty was not his real name, Sherlock had done research on that, but he had worked under the name for almost five years. There was a website, but he hadn't been in his office since Janine's arrest, the police had checked that. Sherlock would need to see the office for clues about Moriarty as a person. The way his desk was arranged would give away behavioural patterns, looking into clients cases would give away how James brain processed information. Lestrade could to get Sherlock in there, or he would need to pick the lock. The latter would probably be easier.
“Hi, you are so pretty in your dress! You know your daddy talks about you all the time at work! He told me you are already a very good doctor in training.” Sarah cooed.
The research on Moriarty went way to slow, no-one from Sherlock's homeless network could give him information on the private detective's whereabouts or background and he didn't have the time to spend a lot of time to think about it. Cases were always time consuming, but Moriarty would be different, more difficult, more dangerous. He was intelligent enough to slip under the radar of both Scotland Yard and Mycroft. Sherlock wanted him in jail. He wanted to stop this man he had never met and that had tried to ruin his life and would not hesitate to destroy the lives of other, if the payment was right. To be brief, James Moriarty had to be stopped. Better today than tomorrow and Sherlock would be the one to do it.
Pregnant…He hadn’t thought about this possibility…Should have, really…He was a doctor, he knew the chance to make a baby, especially in a provoked heat where chances were higher than in any other intercourse… Pregnant…
His hand wandered down without him making the conscious decision to do so and he wrapped his fingers around his cock, stroking it slowly.
“Yes, yes, Leanna and you are welcome here!” Now that all his worries were finally addressed, John couldn’t help teasing Sherlock a little.
“Papa, don't cry. Always can call Leanna, like Leanna call Papa when Papa has a case.” Sherlock had felt her lips against his forehead. He had pressed her closer for a second, taking in her scent, before releasing her.
“Papa, Daddy! Look ! I have a new teddy bear! And books! And…and look, the drawing books I wanted!!!”
John suddenly found himself on an isolated beach. Behind him a green and luxurious forest, in front of him, nothing but sea. No trace of human life. John paced a bit and quickly realized it was an island. He had no mobile phone, no way to contact Sherlock. John felt anxious, he was panicking. How will he be able to get out of here?
Like Vany, I would like to thank you all for the comments and kudos. It’s very heart-warming! I never wrote a fanfiction before, Vany convince me to try and I am very happy she did, we are very compatible co-author I think! A very good experience and so much fun! So thank you Vany for being very persuasive ;) I am very happy i got to know you!
“Neither do I, little lioness.” They had been so happy. A week ago, before the article, they had been so happy. There had been fights, as in any relationships, in any family, but they had been happy. Now that happiness was in danger with only a little article by a brilliant criminal. Brilliant and dangerous
The cry from Molly made John hurry back to the room… where he found Molly holding a paper with trembling hands.
The git had gone without him! Well, not really surprising, but still! He would have preferred waking up with Sherlock next to him. Leanna was still dead to the world in the middle of the bed. She had a lot to recuperate. She looked like an angel sleeping, her curly hairs all around her. God, he loved this little girl.
“Sherlock, are you listening?” John looked at him with so much adoration, it made Sherlock's heart jump with joy, an emotion so opposite to those he had experienced in the last few hours, it made him feel dizzy.
“You can't take her back there. I am her alpha. I am the one who can decide where she lives. I know it's a law discriminating against omegas, but right now I'm glad it exists. That woman is not fit to be a mother. Neither was Mummy.”
“Oh, here is the other freak! Kyle, you shouldn’t play with him. They are freaks ! His fathers are two alphas! I heard my mom said it was unnatural! And see! He is red haired. Only witches have red hair!”
“They arrested her right here. She thought yelling at me, mentioning my gun shot, would be a good idea.” Relief. He felt so relieved to have her removed from their lives.
He didn't really talk to Janine, not that the two of them spent a lot of time in the same room anyway. Sherlock had his cases and he didn't really sleep and when he did, he mostly slept on the sofa. Janine had her friends and shopping and charity events she used to show off her expensive clothes and the status of the man she was bonded and whose child she was carrying.
John Watson was the only light in this sea of idiots. He agreed to take a look at Leanna and Sherlock could see his daughter liked the doctor from the first minute on. She had stopped crying, as he talked to her in a soft voice.
Mycroft Holmes was not a patient man. For exactly this reason the best agents worked for him, and they worked fast. Now that his little brother was involved, he had sent three of them to Afghanistan to look for Sebastian Moran, while the rest of the team was on the lookout for James Moriarty. Sure, Sherlock was convinced he could find the man, but compared to Mycroft he had always been... slow. The slow little brother, affected by his second gender and the temperament that came with it. Meeting John Watson had brought sentiment into the mixture and Mycroft feared for both Sherlock's and Leanna's safety. Sure, the doctor had positive impact on the younger Holmes, made him happy, but Mycroft feared everything would get more complicated for the two of them.
“Mummy and Mama promised to make a special birthday breakfast today,” John mumbled, huffing as Matilda jumped into his arms (well, one arm, as the other was still wrapped around Sherlock).
Sarah didn’t let Sherlock finish his sentence. She hugged him, for the first time ever. It was totally the hormones’ fault that she started to cry again.
“John…” Sarah’s small voice, the desperation and need from it called to John. Something broke in his heart to leave Sherlock alone. But Mycroft was there too… And Sarah and the babies needed him to be able to heal. He had to go.
“Okay.” Leanna put a bigger piece of apple in her mouth and continue.” Zen gnou should giss Papa, He gn’ont think gnou want to”
“Okay…You look good too you know…” But John got up suddenly after looking at his phone. “Excuse me Harry, I will be right back”
John giggled, pressing kisses to Sherlock's clothed shoulder. “Well, it's just that I don't want to dance with you, whenever we're alone. Not dressed, anyway.” They both giggled and Sherlock's hands travelled down to John's bum, squeezing it gently.
“Git! I haven’t celebrated my birthday since… forever… Thank you love! I can’t believe I totally forgot the day! So all the whispering these days… It was about my birthday?”
“You, You Sherlock! I need you!” John exhaled while Sherlock began to suck his neck. “You're marking me.” John stated, his hand going to caress where he had left his own bit mark on Sherlock's neck the day before.
The tall man approached him slowly and took his throbbing erection in his hand, “Don’t worry John, I know how to make you see all sorts of stars” He whispered darkly in his ears before pushing him on the bed.
A bitter laugh escaped Violet. “I just lost my mate. You will stop talking about her, get the stick out of your arse and hug your mother.”
But he and Sherlock had unwillingly become the poster boys in his parents’ fight for same second gender rights.
Gods, Sarah, the unborn twins… But letting Sherlock die for them to maybe be rescued…He couldn’t let him!
John spent the rest of the morning finishing decorating and setting the table while Sherlock was cooking. They had found the perfect place for the mistletoe not far from the Christmas tree and Leanna started drawing again, stars and little Santas.
Sherlock was preoccupied with all this. He had seen the detective trying to find Moriarty and Moran without success so far. John wasn’t naïve, he knew it was worrying…But at the moment, it was Christmas and he didn’t want to think more about it. He would talk to Sherlock about it later, after the holidays.
“The situation is less than perfect. I hate Janine and Moriarty for doing this to Sarah and I, and I want them both in jail for the rest of her life. But this child... I... it's probably ridiculous, but I... I want that. I want a child that is created from part of my DNA.”
“Yes! You let your alpha instinct try to control me! It’s overbearing! It’s not my second gender that’s the problem, I agree, it’s yours! If I was an omega I wouldn’t accept your order either! Because, I am a competent detective! And I happen to be an alpha, so you should be reassured, biology gave me some advantageous weapons to defend myself! I don’t need you! So yes, YOUR problem, not mine.”
Second, his flatmate didn’t really respect any personal space with him anymore. John assumed that Sherlock thought, as they were two alphas, it wasn’t necessary anymore to be careful about personal space. It was a new torment. John didn’t dare say anything; what could he say exactly to make Sherlock understand he was torturing him without telling him he had unusual and unacceptable feelings…
Sherlock enthusiastically took possession of John’s bedroom. Their bedroom now. And John was happy to let him tidying up everything. “John, you should adopt the same socks index as mine. Very useful you know!”
Moran! John will kill him later! Now though, the threat was in front of him and there was only one acceptable solution to protect his mate.
John felt Sherlock suddenly jerked in a cry and he was coming in his hands. It was all John needed to let go himself as the orgasm took him wave after wave.
John didn’t know what he was feeling. Everything happened too quickly or too slowly, he didn’t know. He had contradictory feelings about everything, it was exhausting. He was incredibly happy, but also worried about his son who wasn’t making any sounds. Sarah had been incredible, she had been in labor for hours and despite being a doctor, knowing all was perfectly normal, he had been terrified by his uselessness. All he could do was give one of his hand for Sarah to crush while Molly held the other.
“Well, it seems we finally have names for our babies! Matilda and Malo… I’m going to register the names with the nurses right now!” John jumped to his feet, smiling like a loon but he couldn’t care less!
They went through all the questionings and exams to assure the pregnancy and health of the carrier. John, seeing Dr Mirakian didn’t say anything derogative about them, no snide remarks, began to relax as did Sarah. The doctor predicted the delivery date between ends of July to early August, but as the pregnancy would be difficult, the chance of early deliverance was important.
And there was Leanna… this little girl was really sharp and cute. She was sometimes still a little wary of him, but he loved to walk around with her. Yesterday, he had surprised himself, watching Sherlock and his daughter performing a “taste test” with sweets, with a smile so wide it almost hurt. When he had told Sherlock later he had a sweet tooth, Sherlock had responded, looking shocked at the implication “It wasn’t indulging our sweet tooth John, it was Science”. Yeah, yeah, Science indeed, he would laugh again if his sister’s absence wasn’t really worrying now, she should have been here 15 minutes ago…
As the door to Leanna's room closed behind him, Sherlock took a deep breath. They would need to be strong, as strong as their daughter was.
“Hmmm.” John's breath on his jaw and neck. “You are gorgeous, my beautiful Sherlock. I could kiss you all day.”
Moriarty was still hiding and Sebastian Moran had mysteriously disappeared too. Sherlock thought it wasn’t that much of a leap to think that Moriarty could have warned him and that they may be allied now. They had to be a little paranoid… This situation was very stressful for Sherlock, he didn’t like the idea of a nebulous threat… It was Christmas, John didn’t want the detective succumbing to a dark mood.
John smiled at the petulance in Sherlock voice, “You are the one indexing your socks, I wouldn’t know! So… you love to dance? I didn’t know.”
John hung up and Sherlock packed a bag for Leanna. Of course, she wanted to go and welcome her siblings. There was a little bit of fear still lingering. What if one or both the babies didn’t survive? Sherlock wanted to keep that traumatic situation from Leanna. On the other hand, if she were to lose a sibling, it wouldn’t matter whether she was at Baker street or Barts.
The tall man quickly and efficiently unwrapped his gift, with a soft and curious expression. When he saw what it was, he suddenly froze with big and wide eyes. After one long and agonising minute for John, Sherlock finally seemed to have his voice back.
Sherlock blushed adorably, and John felt overwhelmed and took him in his arms, making Sherlock put his head in the hollow of his neck and whispering loving endearment to the tall man.
Hearing that, John felt mostly relieve, it wasn’t unusual to keep premature children in incubators for a while. But he could see the unease in the doctor’s attitude, there was more and this young doctor didn’t know how to tell him.
“I know you’re the father of Sarah’s baby. I am not stupid you know, it wasn’t so hard to deduce. I have a nose you know and I distinctly recognised your scent on Sarah’s. You got her pregnant, you should marry her! I can’t understand how you can abandon her to stay in an unnatural relationship with another alpha! It’s shameful! Nothing good can come from it! But you’re a good doctor and a nice alpha. I am sure you will make the right choice in the end.”
Can't believe we're already at chapter 12 :O Part II is already in the making and sooo much thank you for all your lovely comments, they keep us going :*
Waking up was a slow process. The first few tries ended with her sinking back down to the bed and into unconsciousness. A bed. She was on a bed. She had been kidnapped, but she wasn't hurt, except for the nausea and she was on a four-poster bed, not in a dark, wet cellar. There was light coming from a small window and from what she could see outside the room had to be on at least the second or third floor.
The attached picture was taken by a CCTV camera. It showed the entrance of the A&E. Sarah was leaving. Sherlock knew the man next to her.
There was a smirk on John's face as he rolled to his side and over Sherlock. “Make up sex?” He pressed kisses to Sherlock's neck.
“Sherlock, come with us!” He was using a bit of his alpha voice but Sherlock was strong willed for a beta, John didn’t think it would do any difference.
John felt like he was going crazy. His feelings were all over the place, he didn’t know what to feel anymore. Sherlock had entered in some sort of manic detective frenzy. He was cold and detached and utterly focused on the case. John knew it was for Sarah’s and the babies benefit but while he was torn between anger and worry, it was hard to see his mate so…without feeling.
John carried Leanna down the stairs. They put both Mrs. Hudson's and Leanna's suitcases into the trunk and watched for a moment, until the car was out of sight. Sherlock felt the tears on his cheeks and he closed his eyes for a moment. Focus. He needed to focus, to not let sentiment cloud his judgement.
John nodded, pressing kisses to Sherlock's neck. “Mycroft told me about Moran. That they think he shot me on purpose. Janine said something like that to you, didn't she?”
The suddenness of his arousal made Sherlock dizzy and when they came to a halt in front of the bed, he had to take a few deep breaths. John would be warm and tight and no one had ever been there and Sherlock would be his first. Sherlock wanted to mark him again, make him his.
John started by kissing Sherlock’s neck and slowly he went south. Kissing, licking. Sherlock was making promising little noises from the ministrations.
He said nothing, didn't start a fight, because in his mind a plan was forming. Leanna wouldn't suffer one more day in this loveless house. He had married an omega, had a child, met most of his parents expectation because of his alpha status but that he couldn’t accept. He is Sherlock Holmes and damn if he is can’t do what he wants!
“Of course, Harry, I forgive you. You’re not the only one to blame you know, I, too, let things fester until I didn’t know how to speak to you anymore. I miss you too, Harry. I want to try.”
“You…you told me…Janine was right. I was a freak, obsessed with disgusting corpses and murder and…I could not provide you what you needed, and I was not worth the…trouble.”
John sat down in the comfy chair next to Sherlock, in front of the cold chimney. He still felt a little flustered but with the conversation flowing between him and his guest, he felt soon comfortable and…happy. Really happy.
The doctor, ex-soldier, whatever he was just didn’t know how to use his vocal cords anymore. He was pretty sure he looked stupid, the mouth open, but right now he just didn’t care! Oh my god, what was that! Sherlock looked like a professional model, so handsome and with a strong aura of alpha around him… He had gone from pleasantly aroused about his date night to fully hard in a mere second, he was sure there wasn’t blood in his brain anymore…
A fist hit the desk and sent a pile of case files flying to the ground, joining the half empty tea cup that had fallen out of John's hand five minutes earlier, making Sherlock look up from his microscope.
“Papa, can Molly come for Christmas?” Leanna was kneading the fresh dough, even if her small hands didn't really have an effect.
Sherlock bit his lip. How did one explain to his three years old daughter that he wanted to leave the life she knew behind to start a new one without her mother and grandparents?
“shush, we will talk John. But tomorrow. I haven’t slept a full night since our fight, and you seem to need your beauty sleep too.”
“It’s not important,” Violet interrupted, “I will talk to you later about what I want you to do about Sherlock's little rebellion.”
“Wow…I … I didn’t expect so much…John really wasn’t exaggerating about you…I thought he was smitten and a little over excited…but, …very impressive… And thank you Sherlock…”
John was speechless. He hadn’t expected that from Karen. She was not  conservative about alpha omega and beta relationships. He was tired of always having to justify his choice and who he loved and right now, he was here to try and find out where Sarah had been taken.
“Hello. My name is Doctor Leanna Watson. Your friend had a horrible accident in the kitchen, but I was able to fix it. I'm the best doctor there is.”
Their guests would arrive early in the evening, they had time, especially if Sherlock attempts at cooking would turn out to be a succes. .. Sherlock cut right into the middle of his libidinous thoughts, “Don’t even think about it, Leanna woke up early today, she could come up from Mrs Hudson's with biscuits anytime, so don’t!”
“Nope! I really don’t think so! I don’t like the idea of looking at profiles for a mate and I don’t think I am ready for a relationship right now.” John finished, categorical.
And Sherlock shouldn’t be let alone, he wasn’t a lone wolf anymore, he had a pack, they could all heal together.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, love, I....” John closed his eyes for a second, taking a deep breath. “I want you to make love to me.” Sherlock felt John huff at his own nervousness. “Tonight, I want us to... want you to... have me.”
“Shut up! It has nothing to do with second gender! You are a horrendous caregiver for Leanna. You haven’t even tried to know if she is fine! And what you did to me and Sarah, forcing us to share a heat we didn’t want! That’s rape, you bitch!”
He had asked Sherlock to come with him, nearly begged really… He needed to know Sherlock was not far… But the git had said no. He had some important experiment to do and didn’t think it was a good idea to come to the echo with them anyway.
“Hmm, very sweet indeed.” He rumbled, before continuing visibly amused “You forgot it was your birthday.”
Sherlock nodded. He would have been surprised if Mummy hadn't tried that, “That's why I didn't contact you at first. I hope you understand.”
Legs on either side of John's upper body with his erection bobbing only inches from John's mouth, Sherlock looked down at him. “You want me to...” And then it dawned on him. “Oh. Oh. You looked at the list, right?”
Christmas had interrupted his current experiment and, with a child free flat and a sleeping John, now was the perfect time. He took the spray he used to cover his alpha scent with and fused it with John's own scent. The process had been complicated and many times John had complained about the smell in the flat, especially in the hours before their party.
“Daddy! Look what we did with Papa!” The little girl approached still very careful to not drop a single biscuit, “It’s for you! Happy Birthday!”
He hesitated…But, god, he was so confused! Maybe if he could speak about his very bothering and constant thoughts about one detective he would be able to see more clearly.
Sherlock hated James Moriarty with a passion. He hated him for putting Sarah and the twins in danger. He hated him for hurting John. He hated him for playing games. Worst, he felt guilty… He should have been better, cleverer, more invested in the arrest of Moriarty! He knew he was dangerous and Sherlock had made the unforgivable mistake of underestimate him… John was in shock for the moment, but won’t John blame him? Sarah and their babies were in danger, and somehow Sherlock couldn’t help feel like he was responsible…
Sherlock always thought she should have gone for something different than being a Nanny. She was amazing with children of course, but she had the potential for more. She didn't go to university, because she thought she couldn't, not as an omega. Sherlock looked at her as he spoke. “Someone’s kept them that way. Quite a bit of mud caked on the soles. Analysis shows it’s from Sussex, with London mud overlaying it. I tested it for Pollen. Clear as a map reference to me. So, the kid who owned these trainers came to London from Sussex twenty years ago and left them behind.”
John couldn't stop smiling. He and Sarah must have looked ridiculous, smiling, but not at each other. His phone buzzed in his pocket and John retrieved it, the watch still in his left hand.
“I hope I haven’t broken you, not a complete sentence yet.” John tried to joke, feeling more and more exposed and worried about the man’s reaction. After all, the detective could still not want a relationship with him. Simple John.
“Sure. The agency will send someone on Monday. I phoned them yesterday.” Janine smiled. He looked at her face and found nothing. There was no place in his heart for this woman and he didn't know whether that was her fault or his own.
John let go of him, in full doctor mode now. But he could almost touch the angry aura he now projected.
“I thought...,” Sherlock looked up at John and at the sight, he had to move up and kiss him again, “I thought you could fuck me again later today. I could... ride your cock in the bathtub. I read that doing it on my hands and knees is perfect for brushing the prostate and...”
Cold anger slowly replaced the fear. Captain Watson knew how to use it to trigger an adrenaline shot. Anger was a very useful tool he had learned to use in a fight.
Her hands unconsciously cupped the swell of her belly. Those children were her miracle, they made her life complete. Yes, the heat had been forced on her and she had been devastated after the positive pregnancy test. She feared another bond, being forced into the duties of her second gender. John was a friend, but he also was an Alpha and they tended to be... possessive. John had surprised her. He was supportive, kind and a great father to the daughter he already had with Sherlock. He had been the one to convince their superiors to let her work and with the spray Sherlock had made, her unbonded status was hidden from the patients. Still, she only treated omegas and betas with minor injuries.
John watched as Sherlock took off of his clothes with glee, “I have another birthday present for you, Sherlock, one that Leanna was not to witness…” John said, voice deep with innuendo.
It worked. Sherlock already had her where he wanted her. “Oh, well, that was Ian! That was Ian all over!”
He ignored the thought. Right now he was a child mourning for the loss of a parent and it didn’t matter how difficult his relationship with his father had been, especially over the last few years. Death was always harder for those who had to live on.
It got dark outside around ten. Sherlock had already brought the suitcase to his car, telling Janine he would go off on a case on Sunday, the day after the party. Not that she cared. She was still in the living room with her friends; there would be no difficulty to leave the house without her noticing.
Mummy sent a car to pick him up at London Heathrow and he arrived home two hours later, the afternoon sun covered by clouds. They had a party planned for tomorrow, with everyone important invited,. Janine had talked about nothing but the party for weeks, as Sherlock pretended to listen.
“Our little elf thought it was a good idea to explore the shop alone, luckily, a lady kept her with her when she saw her alone. She worried me sick!” John explained.
He wanted to try and make his presence known to Sherlock so that they could… What? What was Moriarty saying?
“As you wish John, we will speak about it another time”. Ella noted something quickly in her notebook and wished him a good move in his new flat.
The bathroom door opened and Sherlock exited, wearing nothing more than his over expensive dressing gown. John almost gaped.
“I thought maybe Leanna and I could pick you up from the yard later and go to that little Italian restaurant Sarah recommended. Angelo's I think.”
“Why did you have to ruin a perfect day,” Sherlock greeted his brother who was sitting in his chair, umbrella leaning against the armrest.
“Hey! That’s not yours, give it back to me! It’s evidence this man is a degenerate alpha! He can’t be allowed to stay a doctor here! He is a Freak fornicating with another alpha! Didn’t you hear the news? You’re an alpha yourself, you should do something! ” One of the witnesses tried to get back his phone from Sherlock’s hand. The fool had no idea what he was going to unleash.
“Yes! Yes, John!” Sherlock was more and more weak at the knees, and John finally took pity and nearly carried him to the bed.
“There are clear signs. I think Ian Monkford gave a pint of his blood some time ago and that’s what the staff of Janus cars spread on the seats. They provide a very special service. If you’ve got any kind of a problem – money troubles, bad marriage, whatever – Janus Cars will help you disappear. Ian Monkford was up to his eyes in some kind of trouble – financial, at a guess; he’s a banker. Couldn’t see a way out. But if he were to vanish, if the car he hired was found abandoned with his blood all over the driver’s seat ...”
“Sherlock! What did you do to the place! I’m warning you, young man, I’m adding the price of the furniture onto your rent !”
Sherlock was still as fascinating as he was on the first day. His quirks and little experiments were a delight most of the time. There had been this one time when Sherlock had found the way to almost destroy his table top… John hadn’t found it funny at all and Sherlock had sulked the whole evening, but he couldn’t stay cross with Sherlock very long. The morning after Sherlock had apologised and John had bought a resistant and more durable table covering.
“You and Sarah and Sherlock…It’s not an easy balancing your alpha’s instinct about her pregnancy and your feelings for your dashing mate…”
“You will gather all the evidence possible and come back to London as soon as possible. Sebastian Moran is a dangerous man and we need him in custody yesterday.”
“You want to play with me, Leanna? While your daddy speaks with his sister?” Molly proposed, seeing Sherlock and Harry animated discussion.
“Leanna, I think Papa needs a big hug from an elf, I heard they are magical!” John tried to cheer Sherlock’s up.
“I can’t help it Sherlock, I’m feeling incredibly happy right now. I have 3 wonderful, beautiful children in good health, I’m sure Sarah and Molly will be great friends and co-parents and I have a partner that I love more everyday and who, despite my own flaws and the difficulties ahead for us, loves me back and all that come with me.” Shit, and now he was feeling tears threatening to fall…
“Harry, it’s not about what I think, you know it can be very difficult to be an unusual couple. You told me you had been insulted three days ago when shopping! Can I impose that on Sherlock? And Leanna. There is a child too. We can’t put her through abuse again, it would be irresponsible!”
Siger tried one more time to calm her by putting his hand on her shoulder. But she couldn’t allow it. He had betrayed her before, she had learnt the hard way that being an alpha/omega couple wasn’t a guarantee of happiness and blissful married life. She had been naïve once. But she had hardened. Her reputation was the only thing she had been able to preserve; she would do everything to keep it that way. Sherlock should have followed her lead. Accept what was expected and make the best of it.
Sherlock dimmed the lights and relit the fireplace and some of the cinnamon candles John loved so much and swore to himself that he would refuse to have sex with John if his boyfriend ever mentioned the word romantic. Sex by firelight. God, this was so cliché, still, the thought of making love to John right here...
That sad smile again. Sherlock walked closer to her, squeezing her shoulder, which was awkward for the both of them.
John saw Sherlock trying to hide his smile seeing all they had bought. It was cute how Sherlock still tried to be somehow a Grinch but made a very bad job at it.
They came back home with lots of Christmas decorations and a tree that was to be delivered the day after. Sherlock was already home and he needed only a few seconds to see that something had happened. It was something John really appreciated, he didn’t need to say anything, Sherlock already knew they needed to talk later.
“John!” Sherlock cried. His shoulder wasn’t exactly enjoying all the squeezing, but John couldn’t care less. He had an armful of the lanky detective, he was in paradise. Mrs Hudson, bless her, left them, although not without making some terrible innuendos first.
“Okay love. As long as you want.” John pressed small and gentle kisses on Sherlock’s neck, soothing where he had bruised the skin.
After looking a long time, he finally resigned himself to look at his mobile phone. The battery had died while he had been…with Sarah, there must be some miss calls and messages… John’s heart broke when he saw all the texts messages Sherlock had sent… The desperation, the worry… He should never had left in the first place… This must have been hard on Sherlock.
“I don’t think Daddy’s nose is quite that big,” Sherlock commented, sitting up. “Good morning, my love.”
“And John, Sherlock is looking at you with the same light in his eyes I see in Clara when she looks at me. And after you took care of Hamish, you didn’t notice but there were several omegas who were admiring you. If looks could kill, they would have all dropped dead. Now go get your man, tiger!”
. John hadn’t known but Sherlock was completely fascinated by bees and he had quickly stolen Clara away to ask a ton of questions.
“I said things, about us. About sex. I didn't mean to and I want to show you how much I do enjoy sex with you. Will you let me?”
That man was mad but very talented at spying on people, good enough to hide even from Sherlock. Sherlock had found another alpha who allowed them to hide at his flat, wasn’t that pathetic! And the really freaky thing? Sherlock was apparently in love with that alpha. Janine hadn’t believed Moriarty first, it was Sherlock, unfeeling and asexual Sherlock they were talking about. But he had shown her proof and it was quite convincing she had to admit. There had been weird text messages and intrnet search histories on his laptop about how to know if he loves you. Janine had laughed, of course her freak of husband would find a freak love! An alpha, really?!
Leanna finally let him go and John saw Sherlock beaming at them. He promptly jumped from the couch and announced “We have to celebrate! What would you like to do Leanna?”
Anger made John's face burn red as he tried to hold back his need to destroy something, anything. Good thing they didn't have any expensive vases on their mantle or the coffee table. Maybe Sherlock should tell him about the relaxing act of shooting the wall. Too bad Mrs. Hudson wouldn't approve.
Deep breathes. He looked at himself in the mirror, hidden in the bathroom. What was wrong with him? He trusted Sherlock more than anyone in his life. He would kill for this man. He would die for him too. Why had he had a panic attack? It made no sense!
“This is not about sex, Sherlock. This is about you being reckless with your own life. Don't bring sex into this. Our sex life is great and you are not bottoming because you want to please me, you like it too...”
“John, we have been here a month. And after careful consideration, I think I can affirm that this living arrangement works for the three of us. You benefit from Leanna’s and my presence. First, I calculate you are smiling 88% of the time when you are here. Second, you don’t use your cane and you’re leg rarely bothers you anymore. Third, the frequency of your nightmares has decreased 54%, and I promise I can do better. I needed some experimentation but I have now identified the best music to prevent or calm your nightmares with my violin.”
“John” God, that deep voice, it was sinful. John finally had his hands on the beautiful dripping body, his fingers travelled on Sherlock’s chest and finally finding their favourite place in that luscious hair. And now, he could think of nothing else than kissing and testing and ravishing.
It was slow, lazy and wonderful and Sherlock enjoyed the friction, skin against skin, no pants in the way. There usually were pyjamas to get rid of during morning sex. Not that they had morning sex very often. Leanna came to their bed in the middle of the night a lot, needing them close to fall asleep. No Leanna now, just the two of them.
now they were obviously awake and so was Leanna and they had apparently decided that jumping on their fathers’ bed was a good idea. Refusing to open his eyes yet, Sherlock wrapped his arms tighter around John and buried his face against his mate’s neck.
“…yeah… Well. You said all of it, I think. John, I want to keep the baby but I don’t expect anything from you. I know you are with Sherlock, I won’t become a threat to your relationship. I just want to be honest, I tell you.”
“Leanna, what do you prefer, red or …” She wasn’t there. John felt his heart stop. He frantically looked around him, 1 minute, she had been out of his sight 1 minute, she couldn’t be too far.
“John. Hmm, I have, hmm, something important to say, but I want you to know first that it won’t change anything!”
“I still have my beta persona when outside Baker Street, and the risk is minimal while she doesn’t go to preschool.”
He showed him the photo of a bare room with old and blue and green wallpaper that is already peeling off.
“You have a brain and power. You can think of something. I will count on you to help me to bring some sense into your stupid brother. Or there will be repercussions!”
And effectively, Sherlock’s eyes narrowed to the beta man, “The man you’re insulting is a soldier, an army doctor who saved countless of his fellow soldiers in Afghanistan. You’re obviously from a family of soldiers, your dear mother, decease on the front would be ashamed of you! And… Yes… this point of suture here, that’s Dr Watson work, he saved your pathetic life a month ago, you were too drugged to remember the face of your doctor!”
“…Damn, it's scary to be the one under the deductive's focus.” she tried to joke, “I…I was waiting for the right time, Christmas is not the good time for this kind of news!”
“What…?” She carefully put Matilda down and slowly turned around herself in the middle of the living room, finding something she liked with every look. Her favourite books, the picture of her grandmother, the sofa she had seen online.
Sherlock had even taken him in his hot mouth while in the loo of NSY two days ago. That had been so exciting and the most brilliant thing he had ever been lucky enough to experience. Sherlock on his knees, swallowing him whole. John still didn’t know how he did it. He was, without bragging, quite big. Sherlock liked to touch and be in control while on case and John was oh, so happy to comply. And he had a very pliant and eager partner after the high of a successful case.
At night, Sherlock’s bed was painfully empty and he couldn’t sleep unless Leanna decided to come downstairs and curl up against him. She did every night.
John looked at his phone, the call long finished, Sherlock wasn’t the kind to extend the duration of a goodbye… He felt racked by guilt… Sherlock, even if he had said he was alright, shouldn’t be alone with Leana and his grief.
Big breathe. Hearing his mate assured voice, John took a big breathe. How ironic, it was now Molly and Sherlock who now tried to reassure and comfort him.
“Home… Yes” Sherlock was returning the embrace when he heard Mrs Hudson and Leanna stomping up the stairs and quickly disengaged, feeling embarrassed, he wasn’t sure why. Friends hug each other.
John almost jumped from the fright. How could he not have sensed Sherlock presence in the living room?
“A list of name for the babies…” She sobbed, “We made it one night, feels like an eternity, but it was just a few days ago…”
Moran didn't seem to be impressed. He was the only one Jim couldn't scare with simple threats. He made it up in loyalty.
The early morning air was chilly but successful in clearing John’s mind. Sarah was pregnant. It wasn’t the end of the world. And before overthinking, he should wait for Sarah’s decisions, what she wanted to do. He would help her, whatever her decision about keeping the baby or not would be, he could be here for her, with Sherlock. God Sherlock, what was he thinking right now? He had to go home right now, tell him again nothing would change.
That's when Sherlock noticed it, the lack of Sarah's scent on John. There was still citron on him, which was unavoidable after almost three days of constant sex, but it was too weak for them to be bonded.
“We know all that, Dr Mirakian, we are doctors too.” John responded a little annoyed, “What advices do you have to increase our chance to conduct this pregnancy at terms?”
Two weeks later, he was ready. He was pretty sure the detective was clueless. John was proud of himself, using his sister own engagement to hide his researches. Mycroft, he must admit, had helped, a lot, to organise everything.
Sherlock saw the reporters and cameras when they came around the corner and he told the cabbie to stop right there. he payed him and told Leanna he would carry her and that she should hide her face against his shoulder.
But all those dark thoughts disappeared when he pushed 221B baker street door and Leanna jumped in his arms.
“JOHN!” Sherlock shouted. But John went to Moriarty first, the psychopath lying on the ground, eyes still open in surprise, a bullet perfectly aimed on the forehead. Dead, without a doubt.
Sarah was waking up. John got up and searched for his clothes; he didn’t want to stay naked for one more minute.
Harry looked at him with sadness and shook her head “No, I should go home. But call me, soon, okay? I want to know more about your life, and… I have things to tell you too.”
He wanted John's hands on him, he wanted John's lips against his ear, breath hot and fast. Moaning, Sherlock forced himself to stop, taking long, deep breaths to calm down. Slowly, he let his fingers slip free, cleaning them of the lube with his robe as to not spoil the surprise for John.
Idiot! As if John could live in a world without Sherlock! The void… It was already invading him… No, it wasn’t fair! A life for a life? What kind of sick choice was that? But John was a man of action, always the soldier. His mate was in danger and he would save him. John would NOT stay there, watching the love of his life dying in the fragile hope that Moriarty would keep his promise! Sherlock deserved… everything good, not… this…
Sherlock helped his flat mate with the dishes only because he didn't want to have to wait for John and then they sat down on the sofa, the glasses of wine soon forgotten.
His phone vibrated on the night stand. Sherlock nuzzled into John's hand again, before picking it up.
“You were married to a very conservative alpha, he was your 1st boyfriend, you bonded and married after your heat when you were still in high school because it was what your family expected. But the bliss of bonded life never happened to you. I imagine your alpha was very strict, abusive too I think, at least emotionally if not physically. He didn’t want you to go to medical school and wished for many children. 3 years, no 4 years after you bonded, you couldn’t become pregnant, your alpha became really nasty then I think, he considered you responsible for the infertility and made you pay for it. You must have met someone or read something about the rights of omegas then,” Sherlock looked around him, “you have a photo of John’s parent in one of their meetings about equality for all, you must have John’s mother’s books about omega’s rights, you decided to fight for yourself, you put money to the side. You divorced your alpha, your bond mark has nearly completely disappeared, you must have paid for the surgical intervention to completely sever a bond mark. This period must have been very hard, your family didn’t support you, they disowned you, there is nothing here suggesting you’re still in touch with them. When you finally gained the divorce, probably with the help of the association for Omega’s rights and proved your alpha was abusive, you started again school and decided to go after your 1st dream and obviously became a successful doctor with important responsibilities. You dated a few betas. John was the first alpha you tried to date but you quickly realised John’s heart was somewhere else. You always thought your ex-bondmate was right about your infertilities and gave up the idea of children. So now, you want to keep the child. You know John won’t try to control your life, you’re not afraid to raise a child as an unbonded omega. You’re strong willed, smart and wise.”
John, who had been moaning and cursing above him, tensed for a second, before he arched his back. “Oh god, love. That...that feels amazing.”
“Sherlock. Yes, thank you.” John put his hand tenderly to Sherlock’s cheek, and kissed him, willing him to understand.
“There is a malformation in you son's vocal cords, that's the reason he made no sounds while crying when he was born. We don’t think he will ever be able to produce enough sounds to speak. There is nothing the medecine can do yet to repair the damage…”
John enjoyed the work, it was less adventurous than his old job, but he was allowed to just leave if Sherlock needed him and that was worth it. He had treated three cases of flu and a young woman with migrene today, but in general it had been rather quiet day.
“Good. He couldn't stop talking about you for the last few weeks. He was probably the last to realize how head over heels he is for you. I would have been horrible for me to stand between the both of you.” She walked over to her kitchen, filling the kettle.
“And you were quite cosy with Molly, hugging her. Maybe it’s her omega scent that’s soothing for you… You haven’t really touched me since Sarah’s abduction. You flee every time I am trying to provide comfort to you… I thought it was misplaced guilt, that you couldn’t stand being touched because Sarah wasn’t secure, but you had no problem taking Molly in your arms, she could touch you, you didn’t escape from her. You let her touch you, comfort you, calm you!” Sherlock in his growing anger was cornering John against the wall, his voice becoming deeper as he advanced.
Sherlock exited the car without a word, making his way inside the apartment building. Sarah was home, his brother's agents still standing guard at her door. The police had already questioned her, but Sherlock was confident to find clues on James Moriarty. Those idiots had suspected John at first, which the most obvious scenario if the alpha weren't John Watson. They had even interrogated the doctor, but Sarah had given her statement and they hadn't even taken John to the police station.
“Two weeks . You were abducted for 2 weeks.” John answered slowly. “Let’s go, Molly, I will tell her, she will be there too.”
The tall man had entirely plastered himself against John’s backside, his mouth had found one more time this delicious zone on his neck, where he would be bitten if he was an omega. One hand was maintaining him while the other travelled from one nipple to the other before going south…
By the time Lestrade called he was on the verge of shooting the wall again. He hated not being able to do something.
“I first suspected it because of the way you interact with John… I am sorry John, I overheard your conversation with Sarah on the phone, you were very adamant about John’s tone and behaviour toward you.. It wasn’t hard to hack into tribunal’s archives and read about your divorce. It was easy to deduce the rest from it.”
They found out about the pregnancy six weeks later and even though Sherlock didn't show any of it to his omega or family, he spent all his time between cases reading books about pregnancy and how to raise a child. The prospect of sharing part of his DNA with a child, see it grow and learn was fascinating to him and he prepared charts and list for the time when the baby was born.
John sighed… Well, maybe a second point of view could help so he explained what happened with Sherlock. When he finished, Sarah looked at him and the laughed. John hadn’t expected that reaction. He had exposed his feeling and she just laughed!
It was almost seven, John's day off. Sherlock left him a note at the kitchen table, hurrying upstairs to get dressed.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He wouldn't lie to his daughter, but finding the appropriate words would be hard.
“I…I don’t know how to tell her…I don’t want to disappoint her…” Harry admitted while chewing her lips and running her hands trough her hair.
“Come here Leanna, I have something very important to tell you.” Sherlock took her to the couch. John sat next to them.
“Yes, I am. Tired, hungry, but… Sarah and the babies are doing well. She’s asleep now. Molly is with her.”
John put the paper on the back of the watch and tried to take the imprint of the engraving using the paper and pen.
Sherlock crashed his mouth to John's, hands at the side of his flatmate's neck. He tasted of John and tooth paste and home.
Sherlock must have misinterpreted the situation between them. John probably hadn't even wanted to kiss him the night after they had caught the cabbie. It must have been Sherlock's imagination. The wishful thinking of a man who had never been truly kissed, had never been in love.
Sherlock was arching under John’s ministrations, the ex-soldier gained confidence and took more and more of the member in his mouth, until his gag reflex made him go back a little.
“Don’t listen, just your mind tricking you, John is dead… dead...dead. He left me.” Sherlock was keeping his eyes shut and John felt like his heart was breaking at the sight of his despair.
John woke up to a delicious smell; beside him the bed was empty and cold. He suddenly remembered which day it was. Christmas eve…John jumped out of the bed, there were so many things to do for the party in the evening. He hadn’t planned to sleep in.
Jim liked playing games, but he didn't like losing. This time, he had. That didn't mean he would lose the war in the end though. And if he was honest, finally playing against someone equal was fun. Had been fun until after his brilliant little article, the elite and several organisations fighting for equality had suddenly joined forces to fight for more acceptance instead of tearing Sherlock Holmes and John Watson to pieces.
“Mycroft sent a car to get Mrs H home quickly. I thought I could catch up with you, least I can do when I stood you up tonight. I’m very sorry, this is the first time in weeks since we had some time alone. Maybe we can walk a little, eat a fish and chips?”
“Amazing, as usual. Yes, you’re right. The lady was suspicious of me because Leanna told her I wasn’t her father but her John. And I realised I couldn’t prove my relation to her. She could have called the police and the social service could have been involved next and it could have been very difficult for us. Our relationship could have become public then, and god knows what it would mean for Leanna…”
Janine's trial would be in late spring or summer, no fixed date had been set yet. He couldn't wait for his wife to be convicted, but he also knew the trial would be hard on Sarah and John… and Janine was still Leanna's mother, even if the little lioness didn't ask about her a lot. Still, this wasn't over. James Moriarty was still out there and a private detective capable of raping an omega couldn’t just go on living as a free man, not if Sherlock had something to say in this.
Moriarty had threatened Sherlock, his mate… something scaring him enough to not speak of it with John. The ex soldier kept pacing inside the living room, now anxiety rivaling with his anger… If only he had made Sherlock talk to him, truly talk to him last night.
“Yes, well, hum, I am a doctor I suppose. They didn’t give me the post in the trauma emergency care, the director thought I would be too slow with my limp and a liability in urgent situation. I have a little office and I receive less urgent patient I suppose…”
Sherlock swallowed the head of John's cock, pressing his tongue to the underside. God, John tasted divine. Bitter and salty combined with traces of his alpha smell. The detective wrapped his right hand around the base for better access.
“Me? Really? Or maybe it was you with your unstoppable anger! You’re always angry at someone, especially me! Do you held me responsible, John? Is it my fault?”
Sherlock kissed him, deep and with all the love he could pour into it. Arousal made the kisses clumsy and their hands rough in their effort to free skin from clothes. Kissing and tearing at fabric, they left a trail of clothes on their way to the bedroom, as they breathed each other's air.
His knees where too weak to hold him up and Sherlock sank down to the floor, burying his John's shirt where it covered his belly. It had a hint of citron to it. The Alpha part in Sherlock wanted to drag John to the bedroom and cover the doctor's whole body with his own scent, erase every memory of the Omega. Still, in this moment, he just wanted to be held, protected, loved.
But this year, she had been put into another class, the teacher had said something about learning to socialise without his sister.
Sherlock smiled at her, pressing a kiss to her cheek. “Sorry, Mrs. Hudson, but they smell amazing and I had to test the quality.”
“Father wouldn’t have wanted you and Leanna to live an unhappy life. He told me so himself. I think he knew you would leave some day, do what he couldn’t. He knew what it meant to love someone other than the person you are married to.”
She was really cute in her costume. She had a green coat with big red buttons, red trousers with candy-stripped red socks and an adorable pointy hat. It was a gift from Molly who was now living in London and came to babysit Leanna regularly. She had been so excited, and, with Sherlock gone, he didn’t feel like disappointing her and telling her no.
They ate in a comfortable silence, their hands intertwined on the table. The curry was already cold, it had taken Sherlock longer than expected to come home, but that was okay. They had each other now and Sherlock would have been okay with just eating plain toast if it meant spending time with John.
John left the restaurant, promising Angelo they would come and eat at his restaurant with the kids later that week.
John let himself rut against Sherlock a moment, the pleasure rolling in waves, his mouth still exploring alternately neck, chest and collarbone. Everything was so sweet! Bit by bit, John migrated south, Sherlock moans were more and more vocal and uninhibited, it was fantastic.
John slowly got up, absently licking his lips. “What are you talking about?” Why did members of the Holmes family have to talks in riddles most of the time?
They would be able to survive for over a year without Sherlock having to work. He wanted to, of course, but not with his usual clients. He knew he left an impression with people and his name was rather noticeable, especially because the Holmes family was popular with charities and was mentioned in magazines quite often.
Sherlock smiled at that and at that moment, John looked over to him. He gestured Sherlock to come over to them and Sherlock did, joining his family’s celebration.
His eyes wandered over to the bed and the sleeping form of his bondmate, the mother of his children. They still loved each other, somewhere under the layers of ignorance and betrayal, miscommunication and silence. A missed opportunity. They could have loved each other, could have had a happy marriage, if it hadn’t been for his stupid heart. Too late now.
Slowly, Sherlock got up, kissing her forehead. “I will talk to him, my clever girl. Sleep well, love.”
Sherlock got up and pressed a quick kiss to John's cheek. They never talked about their childhoods, not really. There was the future to concentrate on.
“Leanna, you remember Harry? My sister? We went to Clara’s birthday party last summer, she's Harry's mate. Clara will join us later, after she's finished with work.”
While his fingers were occupied invading Sherlock’s body, making him moan and curse, his mouth mapped Sherlock’s waist, kissing and sucking and progressing to the south. Who would have thought that hearing posh Sherlock swearing could be so arousing!
“Imbecile! Our second gender has everything to do with what your problem is!” Sherlock yelled exasperated.
Leanna helped him where she could, packing her stuffed animals and other toys into a box. She seemed to have fun doing that, but he could see her sad eyes. She was smart enough to know that this was for forever. No more John. No more cuddles and playing pretend and apple slices.
“That’s impossible! I saw myself you going to the omega’s flat while she was in heat! I made sure her heat’s suppressants were inactive! You’re lying! So fuck off and let me have my life and project back!”
John was not as anxious as Christmas day about giving his presents to Sherlock. He was quite proud of himself to be honest. He worked part-time at the A&E to give him more time with Sherlock and his cases. John love investigating with Sherlock and witnessing the brilliance of his brain was not something he was willing to pass up. To be honest, he also wanted to be there to assure the detective’s protection, Sherlock tended to be reckless and not always conscious of the risks he took when he was in case mode. And now that Leanna regularly went to her Nanny Molly, John had had time to make his gifts more or less secretly…
Sherlock grinned at him, pleased. “Remove your clothing then, I want to do unromantic things to you.”
“No.” John's voice didn't leave any room for discussion as he stood in the doorway, Leanna in his arms. His face was that of the soldier, the army pack leader and in any other situation, Sherlock's body would have... reacted to that. Right now, he knew he had made John angry and that was not good.
“What were you thinking, William Sherlock Scott Holmes? Leaving with the Holmes heir. Do you know what kind of rumours are going around about your marriage and our family?”
“Show me, little mouse, oh, is that us? It’s beautiful! Look Sherlock!” Leanna watched as her fathers examined her painting and she felt proud. And loved. And she never wanted anything to change.
Mycroft lived in the flat next to them, but he spent most of his time in London for work, not that Sherlock missed his older brother. The older Holmes was a Beta and heir to the manor and a big part of the family fortune, but it was Sherlock's duty as an Alpha to produce more heirs and continue the Holmes line.
“Go see her and explained what happened and why you made this choice. She won’t be mad, I promise.” Sherlock said with his most assured voice. It seemed to work because Harry went to Clara, kissed her and took her to the kitchen for a private conversation.
