Tony bites back a smile. He re-attached the gauntlet, then steps onto the proper place on the pad.
Tony frowns. He actually looks confused, which is - nice of him. Maybe.
It’s overflowing with stuff. Where the second bedroom was bare, this room had blueprints over the walls and a star map on the ceiling; desks were scattered with sheets of complicated equations and half-finished experiments and what look like gears from a car. Or maybe not from a car. Steve doesn’t know much about gears, but Tony has definitely been making something in this room.
Steve thinks about it. “Not much. I guess I’ll catch up on my reading.”
“Did she,” Steve says, mostly to buy him time.
Steve has been leaning against the wall for a while now. He pushes himself off and goes to sit on the big couch, next to Tony.
, Steve almost tells him, but decides against it at the last moment.
“Damn,” Steve says. He straightens up, tomatoes in hand. “Sorry for making you come out here for two minutes of work.”
, you said you burned that-”
“Too much effort.”
Principal Fury’s voice floats into the hallway. “I don’t have all day, guys.”
Steve’s heart twists in a way that makes him remember his past heart problems. He knows he’s fine now, but this makes him want a doctor.
“Bilbo managed.”
“Just some dumb story a reporter made up,” Steve says. “About why you disappeared from New York. They have some photoshopped pictures, but the whole thing was pretty flimsy. Belonged more on Entertainment Tonight than the news.”
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Happy birthday to me.”
Steve wills the adrenaline back again, but he’s stuck with plain old nerves.
Around about this time, the scarecrow that Tony has been using - which had been leftover from when his mother’s family owned the farm - gives up the ghost for good, which is fine, because Tony has been meaning to replace it anyway.
, and he’ll have to stop before it comes out his mouth and makes Tony stare at him like - like -
“Right,” Steve says. “I’ll be less jittery.”
Happy says, “You got it. What’s over there, Boss?”
Tony blinks at him. Steve’s just as surprised as he is that they aren’t still arguing, but Steve had figured that with everything he knew about himself and the small things he knew about Tony, they could keep arguing until they screamed themselves raw, so a break might help that not to happen. Or at least delay it.
“Show me?”
“You said you’d cut that out!”
Tony’s laugh, when it comes, it less pitched and more relieved. He gives Steve an unreadable look, says, “Yeah. Hence, you. Good job back there, by the way. Didn’t give him an inch.”
“I guess it’s just the dick, then,” he says. “I always wondered why the fuck he was dating you. You have nothing. You
“Tony said I might hate it,” Steve says.
He fixes things. He’ll
Hammer’s house is the same as it was two years back when Steve had risked actually going to one of these: uncomfortably big and gaudy, with statues all around the entrance, the house spilling over with drunk teenagers.
him?”
ask me to do anything like that ever again.”
“The younger.” Tony grins. “Or, only. For a while now. I don’t know why I said younger.”
Steve doesn’t look away.
“What’s
Steve’s fists bunch. “Look,” he says again, slower this time.
Pepper and Rhodey visit on the tail end of summer.
As they turn to head down the driveway, Steve asks, “Have you guys known each other long?”
When Tony narrows his eyes at him, Steve holds up his hands.
“Uh,” Tony says. “What?”
“I am.”
Tony’s hand tightens on Steve’s again, but this time seems less pointed, as he also presses their shoulders together, like Steve’s some kind of comfort.
, but his breath hitches and he knows that if he’ll try his voice will something morifying, so he clenches his jaw tight instead.
, Tony thinks.
That folds Tony in half with laughter, and Steve beats back the glow of pride.
Steve hovers over a blueprint on Tony’s desk. He has no idea what the hell it’s for - some kind of motor? - but it looks complex, and Tony’s drawn little notes all over it. Possible improvements, it looks like.
,” Steve says. He glances behind him, closes the door a bit more with his foot. “I can’t take them.”
“Um,” Steve says.
She glances down at his chest. Tony fights the urge to make sure his tie is covering the bulge.
is a new revelation. It takes him a couple of weeks to realize that he’s enjoying his time with Tony as much as he does. Even the tutoring becomes enjoyable, after Tony learns that getting mad and yelling isn’t the best teaching method. Most tutoring sessions they have to bring themselves back to focusing on the worksheet so many times that they set a timer to remind them that they have a time limit to get this done and they can’t just banter for two straight hours.
But Tony laughs, very softly. He nudges Steve in the leg with his elbow.
Pepper looks at him, but just purses her lips. When he raises her eyebrows at her, she just shakes her head.
The week after, when the guilt has mostly faded and Steve has talked about the incident to his therapist - he’s not the only one, all of the Avengers go to therapists semi-frequently - the movie night commences.
“You’re after me,” Natasha corrects him. “Then Tony’s after you.”
The driver is looking at him in the rear-view mirror, so Steve waves after he clicks his seatbelt into place. “Hi. I’m Steve.”
“Not this time,” Steve says. He sits down on the couch. “I finished it.”
Steve hesitates. “Does Frodo?”
Tony’s laugh is sharp. “Yeah - weird.”
Anyway, about halfway through Sarah’s questions he starts acting more like himself, making jokes and being a smartass, though he does scale it down a lot. He keeps sneaking looks at Steve like Steve’s gonna rat him out.
Tony touches the frame. It’s easier than touching the painting, which is… a lot. Tony swallows over a sudden lump in his throat. It’s ridiculous, and he feels stupid for being so effected, but - it’s his house, which he’s fixed up. There’s his crops peeking out of a corner, sunflowers in full bloom - it’s summer in the painting, with rays of light coming in from the distance.
“Surreal.”
“I’ll let them know,” Tony says.
“Yeah,” Steve says, equally quiet. He keeps watching Tony as he drinks, keeps his eyes lowered, something brewing behind them.
Steve shakes his head. “Not like this.”
“-pocket protector,” Steve finishes, which gets a laugh from everyone in the room.
Everyone sits up straighter.
“Sounds good,” he says.
. He’s not - he’s not
Tony throws up his hands. “Smart people! People who don’t want to get a black eye! People-”
“Look,” he says. “I don’t - I don’t know much about being in a relationship, alright? I’m not a lot of help here.”
“I am healed up.”
“It could land on someone!”
“Flying suits of armour?”
to anything right now.
“-and I cut away the bite marks, it’s not like I was being unhygenic!”
“It was time,” Tony tells Sarah. “With Ty gone, there’s not much use.”
“Mm.”
Tony snorts. Tries to come up with a zinger. Fails miserably.
“That’s right, I’m a riot,” Tony says. “Anyway! Guess I’ll be seeing you.”
“Here’s the deal,” Tony says. “I’ll give you ten thousand dollars to pretend to date me.”
“So what’s the truth,” Steve asks.
“There’s no rush,” Steve says. They lapse back into silence, and Steve nods towards the chickens. “We all thought you’d put these guys off for a while longer. You seemed pretty, uh-”
“I like the books,” Steve says. “Don’t get me wrong, the movies are good, but - I like the books.”
Steve reads an unexpected amount during the war. War, after all, is mostly waiting around. He finds and reads old favourites like
Tony pauses. “I’ll - I’ll come up with it later. I’m just saying words, okay, I’m panicky.”
Steve shrugs. “She gets married! Who does she marry! She never tells her husband about Jack, does that mean she isn’t fully happy with him, that she doesn’t trust him? She has kids, what was that like?”
Tony kicks at a penny that’s been glued down to the floor. “Yup! That’s me. I’m very good.”
“Sorry,” Steve says. “I was - distracted.”
Sam gets out his phone, wiping the sweat off it. “When-”
“Good,” Steve says. It comes out softer than Steve intends, and when Tony looks up, there’s some of that same softness. Steve has no idea what to do with it, but he wants to learn.
Steve frowns. “You think - he had you kidnapped?”
“Yep,” Tony says. “Uh. It was good.”
“Do they know their names,” Pepper asks. She holds Ferdinand up to her face and makes a surprised noise when Ferdinand pecks her gently on the nose.
“What’s up, Cap,” Tony says, still eyeing Steve like he’s afraid he’s going to - kick him off the team or reveal that he’s been cursed with a dick-tentacle, or something, which is probably not a great testament to how calm Steve is trying to be right now.
They stand there until Sarah comes back into the lounge and they almost trip over each other trying to look normal. Going off of the look Sarah gives them, they don’t do a great job.
He starts down the hall. By the time he gets to the elevator, his thoughts have already turned to adding the finishing touches to the arc reactor and calls he has to make for SI, things he has to mention to Pepper. He pushes Cap - Steve - to the back of his mind.
Tony rolls his eyes, but doesn’t deny it. Instead he rolls his tongue around in his mouth.
Tony texts back,
. Then you came along. Remember when you used to wake me up at 2am to talk about some obscure fucking-”
“Did we say no kissing in the contract,” Steve asks, strained.
. A band-aid’s not gonna cover all of it.”
“You’ll love it,” Pepper assures Steve as Bucky hands it back.
Tony looks over at Steve, who is watching and eating and looking pretty happy with himself. Tony feels himself grin, just in time for Steve to glance over and catch him at it.
Everything’s overgrown. Grass needs to be mowed, bushes need to be clipped back, trees have to be trimmed, the chicken hut is rusting and has gaps in the fence - Tony had known the farm was “in need of some tender love and care,” as his mother’s old lawyer had put it, but this place is
you gave me - I didn’t mean to lose it, it was out of my control, but. I did lose it. But - someone found it recently and gave it back to me.”
“What brings you here?”
“it seemed accurate.”
Tony points back at the house as they start walking away from it. “That! You’re all - yes,
Steve considers. “I mean. I
“You don’t believe the Air Force,” he says. “I thought everyone trusted the government in your day.”
! Good choice.”
“Shit,” Tony says, getting up. “Okay, we’ll go over details later. See you at lunch?”
Tony keeps a smile on his face. “Told them about our newfound love, you mean?”
, he emails Rhodey and Pepper.
Steve sits down. “Tony, I was wondering - got any other book recommendations?”
“Sure.”
Steve makes a noise that isn’t unlike a laugh - does he know what
Steve shifts so his elbow is pillowing his own cheek and watches Tony wake up - the slow blink, then recognition, a smile growing on his face.
“I’m joking! Slow down, I’m joking, don’t hit me.” Bucky’s grinning. “Sam turns out fine.”
“I’ll tell you the rest of it later,” Steve says.
“How’d it do?”
“Phew. I was worried.”
Steve has no clue how to respond, so he just keeps walking.
Tony doesn’t know if he should be insulted by that, but he can’t think of a snappy comeback, so he lets it go.
A series of groans run through the table. Tony watches as Sam drops his bite of casserole and turns to Bucky, who is already defending himself.
Steve shrugs. “Sometimes you just know. I’m not saying your suspicious are confirmed, just that something seems off about him.”
Tony grins and heads over with the cups.
“I’m going,” Natasha says. “But only for the free booze.”
Tony is going to die. It feels as certain as the couch under his stiff fingers, as Obie’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing.
“Three,” Tony says. “Plus movies.”
“Not as a rule,” Tony says. He squats down next to Steve’s foot. “There’s probably a first aid kit if we hunt around.”
The reply takes a few hours:
not taking him back.”
As Tony approaches the apartment door, he becomes increasingly sure that he’s being an idiot and he should just go home and focus on his work - make the arc reactor with actual tools instead of what he could cobble together in the cave; start in on re-building his company from the ground up - but he assures himself that most of it is from the absurdity of the situation.
“You’re drenched, come on-”
Steve joins with Rhodey to help Tony up, but Tony bats them both away. He stumbles a little, then straightens. He heads towards the suit.
It takes Tony a second to realize it’s directed at him. “Yeah, uh-”
“So,” Tony says. He sucks in a breath. It’s shaky.
Cap does bother with shelves, it turns out. They’re very bare.
“I mostly have.”
The lunch table has the usual suspects, which now means Steve’s friends, plus the new additions of Tony, Rhodey and Pepper.
“What? Oh, mom died-” Tony waves a hand. “Ages ago. Two decades, almost.”
“We tried avoiding each other,” Tony says. “But - we just. I don’t know. Things happened.”
He pushes Steve in the shoulder. Steve pushes back.
“I’m back,” Steve says, and Tony almost winces. Half at the repetition of what Tony had said, and half at the sudden, unexpected throb from the knot of scar tissue inside and around the arc reactor. He has a sudden vision of Steve going for a jog, running around the streets that would’ve once been familiar to him and were now a new blur, running like he could escape from this place if he just went fast enough.
last night and went to sleep feeling strange, and woken up feeling like he hadn’t slept. He’d tried to get himself to stop thinking about it, but the words had hit something inside him that he didn’t want to think about. So he’d gone on a run with Sam, which only made things worse, not because of anything Sam did, but because of the fucking quote that Steve had been repressing since he’d read it the night before.
Bucky’s giving the guy the evils as he retreats. “Has Ty been bothering you?”
“Yeah, I said you could.” But Tony doesn’t look convinced, so Steve nudges him with his shoulder. “Don’t worry about it. It was a good time. You’re actually not bad to hang out with.”
During free period, Steve and Tony meet in the library.
down there?
Bucky looks up at him. “What do you mean?”
and all.
Tony tilts the phone towards him again. “Sign here,” he says, and Steve does, right above where Tony signs his own name a few seconds later.
“How’s the future looking now,” Tony asks.
“To the vintage, or-”
Ty immediately curls up in pain, whatever threat he was going to spill fading off into an agonized groan. He can’t even wear at Tony, though he obviously wants to, if the tear-filled grimace is anything to go by.
“I try,” Steve says. “It was pretty sparse at the start, but everyone talked me into… making it more liveable. Putting things on the walls, building a bookcase instead of keeping my books stacked on the floor, all of that.”
this.
He reads out the address.
“1954.”
“I’m Tony,” Tony says. He’s smiling, but it has a little bit of the panic in it that he’d had before with Ty. Still, he stands and heads over to Sarah to shake her hand.
drunk, probably off his face.
The window rolls down and Tony grins at him. “Get in, loverboy.”
Steve is having a perfectly normal day right up until Tony Stark appears in front of his desk in Algebra.
“Good,” Tony says. “Uh. How are things with you?”
Still - he did come to Steve for it.
“What’ve you heard,” Tony asks.
“Homeschooled.”
Tony kicks lightly at the sharp bit under the washing machine. “You should sue.”
“You’re welcome to keep helping Steve with his algebra, I’ll just be in the kitchen shoving stuff around. Won’t be too loud.”
“Algebra?”
Clint also sits him down and give him the ins and outs of how to actually, y’know, grow crops without killing them, since Clint has a farm about ten minutes down the road, mostly growing fruit and flowers.
Steve and Tony trade a look.
“We figured it out in the first
“Oh,” Steve says. “Damn. We forgot.”
Tony gets out his phone and takes a picture.
Tony returns his smile with a little less gusto than Steve would like. His fingers drum against his fork, when he picks it up, and when Sam tries to take the present from him to give to Steve, Tony pulls back on it.
Steve tells him, then says, “We’re going through it slower this time.”
“Sorry.”
“Less,” he says.
This doesn’t sit well with Ty, who actually seems to be getting frustrated that Steve isn’t taking the bait.
is what we hoped the future would be like.”
Bucky shrugs. “It’s kinda dense, Steve.”
But when Steve doesn’t say anything, Tony slowly reaches up and takes the book. He flips it open to the bookmark, looking up at Steve like
hours,” Steve says.
“Eh, not really.”
Recognition sparks in Tony’s eyes, and then something duller, harder, that makes Steve think back to when Tony was having to kick him out earlier today.
“Thanks,” Steve says again. It’s still not enough, but Steve doesn’t know what else he can do.
“I know it’s not,” Steve starts, but Tony stops him.
Steve looks over at Tony. “You? Not JARVIS?”
“Steve Jr.,” Steve chokes when he’s stopped laughing enough to speak. “God.”
“Sure! Sue me for all my three dollars and my Ma’s rented apartment.”
“Okay,” Sarah says slowly. “So you’re… not
“You showed up for dinner. It’s more than I ex - I mean, I know how busy you are. I appreciate that you showed up. It means a lot.”
Tony flinches. It’s almost nonexistant, but it’s there, kept in his shoulders.
“I hadn’t,” Steve says. “We met a week after that, actually.”
“He was really nice,” Sarah says pointedly, and Steve says, “Yup,” and avoids her gaze as he retreats towards the hall.
- he careens over the city, swooping in giant arcs that he actually manages to control after the juddery liftoff. There’s a terrifying bit where nearly dies from an ice buildup that shuts the suit down as he’s tens of thousands feet in the sky, but these things happen in test runs. He recovers before he hits the ground, which is the important part.
He takes a deep breath through his nose, then breathes it out. “All I’m asking is for you to explain it in a more
“Yes.”
Tony’s stomach grumbles again. He makes a face, scrubs at a mushroom and then pops it into his mouth.
Tony sighs. He makes it especially long-suffering. He looks down at the cards, then up at Steve. He flashes his most winning smile. “Kiss for luck?”
“It’s
Steve sighs. “I - no, it’s fine. You can tell him. Just - make sure I’m around so I can step on his foot or something.”
“Hey, Jerry.”
Steve climbs off and Tony flips his faceplate up. His face hurts from grinning.
Students rage around them, a cacophony of yells and cellphone screens set to record, but all Steve notices is Bucky struggling to pull Ty off of Steve and Natasha launching into the fight to bite Ty’s shoulder and Sam yelling something at him that Steve genuinely can’t tell is a call for him to stop or go harder, but he assumes the latter.
Tony does. As Steve hammers the frame into place, Tony stuffs straw into the pillowcase and the jeans, tying them all off with twine. Then he directs Steve into the right position in the middle of the field and watches Steve hammer the frame into the ground, then hands him the shirt, which Steve drapes over the frame, and then the straw, which Steve stuffs into the shirt, and then they split the twine and tie off a sleeve each.
“It certainly is,” Steve says, and then feels like a dick for saying
“Great,” Tony says. “Uh, I. Happy birthday.”
“Hasn’t worked so far,” he says. “Actually, I think he’s pretty repulsed by you.”
what-”
“Good,” Tony says. He sends the picture off with the caption
“Yes! Yes, it’s not that bad.”
Tony sighs. He’s sitting very straight and has been fiddling with his watch like it’s going to give up the world’s secrets since before they sat down.
“Surely Captain America has better things to do than be my nanny,” Tony says.
“Yeah?”
“I’ll consider it,” Steve says. “If they’re not too outrageous.”
to go into it, but - I’d still like to know.”
Tony gets the clawing feeling that Rhodey isn’t just talking about Steve. “Mm.”
Tony nods again.
“He moved in,” Tony says, pulling on his shirt. When Pepper’s wide-eyed look returns, tinged with incredulity: “We didn’t sleep together! Come on, Pep, he’s from the
“Done,” Tony says. “What do I chop?”
Tony makes a face at him. “2, then.”
Steve isn’t expecting much for his birthday. This is what he’s been doing for as long as he can remember - there was never much money for anything, so Steve learned to keep his expectations low.
“Freaked out at the idea of being responsible for animals?”
Tony doesn’t make a comment on why he hasn’t bothered to do so in the last few years, which Steve appreciates. After their rocky start, both of them have come to understand that there’s a lot of territory they probably shouldn’t bring up.
“Do you know how it ends,” Bucky asks after a comfortable silence.
When they do let him go home, Steve assures the others that he’ll look after Tony.
. Shit.
“I can do that,” Steve says. “Uh. Do you want it by a certain time, or-”
Instead he says, “I finished the
Tony points vaguely forwards. “Fifteen minutes. I have a car, but it’s not much use.”
“Someone’s gonna have to call an ambulance later,” Steve says.
“I miss you,” he says. “I, uh. I thought I’d lost that copy of
Tony gives him his signed collectors editions.
Tony blinks at him, but before Steve can wonder if he’s messed up, Tony’s whole face creases in a laugh.
He turns. There’s a guy coming down the hall in a new-looking pair of sweatpants and a hoodie, which is enough to make Tony think
He sends them photos as he goes through his days: the progression of his crops, his finished greenhouse and silo, his farm which is looking pretty farm-like now. He tells them about his repeated invites to the bi-monthly dinner that a bunch of them have at Steve’s place, and how he hasn’t been able to go once on account of being so busy with the farm. He sends them photos of all the fruit he picks off of local trees, then shows them all the stuff the townspeople make out of them when he goes around handing them out: grape jam, blueberry pies, and a truly impressive amount of peach cobbler.
“Hi, Ma,” he says, straightening up. “Uh. It’s a really nice day today, you’d like it. Sun’s out, but it’s not too hot.”
“You going to resurface from the gym anytime soon,” he asks.
“I could have walked,” he says.
“Let’s hope I’m wrong,” Tony says. “I’d prefer that I’m just a paranoid dick who thinks that the closest thing he’s got to family is plotting to kill him when really he just wants me to be okay.”
“No, why would I know that?”
Before Cap can do anything mortifying, like apologise, Tony says, “Do you have coffee in there?”
Steve wants to do something that’s better than putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder and shaking him gently, because it feels like he should. In the end he gives in and pulls Tony into a hug, which Tony goes into willingly, if a little surprised, by the way the hug goes: at first Tony flails a little, arms only coming in and hugging after a second or two.
“What do you think,” Tony says, his voice coming out in a modulated way he still hasn’t gotten used to.
Everything’s fine.
“I won’t,” Tony says, like this is a thing they go over a lot. “I
Steve gets up and opens the door.
“Wow, thanks,” she says, but she’s already in the middle of putting her cup in the sink. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Tony. Don’t forget, you’re supposed to take a call-”
“Yeah. So unless he starts sneaking into my room in the middle of the night to watch me sleep, I’m sticking with using you to ward him off.”
, man!”
Steve nods. Tony nods back.
to that question on the first try. “I - Tony stayed the night. On the couch,” he adds when Sarah’s face does a complicated series of expressions.
Tony goes rigid. Steve is still eating his fish and salad, seemingly unconcerned about the bombshell he’s just dropped.
“I didn’t have any friends until I was eight,” Steve says.
“Also good,” she says. She meets Steve’s eyes, then says, “I was just about to make breakfast, how about you two boys come in and help out?”
For a moment it doesn’t register, and then it does. Right there, next to his thumb:
“Ma,” he says. “It’s not - we just told people we were dating so Tony’s ex would quit bothering him. He’s giving me free tutoring in exchange. It’s not real.”
He rinses his cup - because of course he does - and leaves it upside down on the bench before giving Obie a tight smile that goes smoother when he looks at Tony.
He seems kind of lost, so Steve clears his throat and says, “Uh, let me know if Ty bothers you again.”
They’d been running through Brooklyn and Steve had looked down a street that would lead him to the street his old apartment was on. His old apartment was a barber’s shop now, and he’d long since stopped going out of his way to stand and stare at it for five seconds before moving on, but he wanted to. He almost told Sam to change their route, but instead he kept running. Steve ran like if he ran fast enough, he’d get away from whatever he was feeling, but this time it didn’t work. He ended up getting overwhelmed and stopping in the middle of a park, just standing there until Sam noticed and jogged back. He’d asked Steve if he was okay, too, and Steve had given him the same wooden answer, and Sam hadn’t believed him either but he’d kept on going when Steve asked, though he did try to talk him out of it.
Tony stops a breath away from his mouth. “Uhhhh. Do you want there to be no kissing?”
Steve makes a surprised noise against Tony’s mouth and then melts, just a little. He doesn’t let himself fall too deep into it, but he allows himself to drift in the feel of it: Tony’s mouth moving against his, the barely-there press of tongue, Tony’s hands curling around Steve’s elbows.
“Got it,” Tony says, which is a baldfaced lie. He adjusts his tie. “Okay, I gotta. I gotta -”
“I think he’s longing, too,” Natasha continues. “If I’m reading him right. Which I always am. Reading people right.”
you, when in reality it’s just Tony panting over your dick. Sad.”
Breakfast is quiet, even if it isn’t the comforting kind that Steve usually gets on Ma’s days off. This quiet is more tense, since Steve can’t make himself forget Tony’s there, and the shoes are still on the couch, and his Ma is sitting there like all of this is totally normal while the other two at the table squirm.
the shoes,” at Steve, before shutting the door behind him.
“Sure,” Rhodey says. “Definitely not what any of us are used to. We’re all born and bred in cities, who then moved to other cities. Doesn’t mean we can’t turn into small-town people.”
When they get near Tony and Steve’s rooms, Tony asks, “Have you ever been betrayed before?”
“Lord of the Rings.”
It’s the first time Tony’s heard him yell when he’s not being flown around by the armor. Tony ignores him.
drunk -
Tony grins. Good enough.
“She is,” Steve says, trying for polite and unaffected. “Best nurse in Brooklyn.”
to each other, we’re just-”
“It’s just, you seem-” Steve wavers. “Your Dad seems like a lot.”
Tony’s opening his mouth to say something when Steve scuffs a little too hard and a shoe catches on something sharp and rips hard enough that it impales the shoe and slices into Steve’s foot.
It’s a little pissy. Tony grins into his glass - Captain America can be
“Little guy,” Bucky says. He gives Steve another elbow, gentler this time, so Steve doesn’t dodge it. Then he reaches up and scruffs up Steve’s hair like he used to do when they were kids, when Steve came up to his shoulder, and Steve lets this happen because they’re more or less having a Moment.
Steve is quiet for a second, then: “Fine. Thinking about how long it’ll be before I get sent back into active duty.”
“I also have the collector’s edition of
“Asshole.”
“They’re okay,” Tony says, instead of
Rhodey wipes his hand on the dirt and places Mary gently on the ground.
There are indeed seven bedrooms, though only two look very lived in. One of them is Tony’s parents bedroom, which Steve assumes has his mother in it, and the other is Tony’s bedroom - or, his
“You too,” Steve says, quiet and steady.
. The party kissing was just - we were discussing if kissing was allowed, and I said I’d never been kissed, so he just. He just-”
Bucky snorts into his lemonade. “Steve Jr.? What’d-”
“Just gonna,” Tony says, and Steve says
“What is with you and sueing people,” Steve asks. “I’m not gonna sue Hammer for - for me sticking my foot somewhere it shouldn’t have been. That wouldn’t work in court anyway. Let’s go find a plaster.”
“Not right now I don’t,” Steve says.
Tony meets his eyes and Steve thinks for a second that his heart has reverted to his old one, the one that had murmurs and tended to skip beats.
It takes a second to sink in.
“So maybe I was on track to go to college early. And maybe I decided to try public school after boarding school before I went to college, to get - socialized properly. To hang out with kids my own age for the first time in my life. And
,” he clarifies.
“You’re getting really good at this fake-boyfriend thing,” Tony tells him around week four as they’re roaming the halls. “Very convincing. I’d think you were in love with me.”
Steve stuck behind and stood there for a long time, not thinking about his old apartment a few blocks over, but still impossibly lost. People milled around him and the city lights blared; it was still early enough in the morning that it was still dark, so all the lights were on. The first time Steve had charged into this new version of the city he’d grown up in, the city that had gone on without him, he’d been blinded by everything even though it had been the middle of the day. It was too much, all of it - the billboards and the crowds and the colours, the music and the din of the passerby, bursting out from all over. And everyone was dressed differently and talked strangely and they all fit in this world in a way that Steve didn’t, in a way he never would -
he doesn’t push himself too hard.”
Steve shoots him a look. “I’ll stop if I get uncomfortable,” he says.
“Oh. Well, let me know when it starts.”
“Uh-huh,” Tony says. “Night, Obie.”
“But I won’t,” Tony says, almost gleeful about it. He’s even more jittery than he was when he was going on about Bucky’s arm and whatever new thing he wanted to do to it.
“You never finished the list?”
“Yeah, yeah,” he says. “Trust me, pal, this is one of the better ways I could be dealing with my demons.”
it is. Steve feels out of place just stepping on the carpet, which he all but sinks into. This carpet belongs in a five star hotel suite, not an apartment where people
“Sorry,” he says again, and then it registers who he’s apologizing to.
Steve watches him read it. He can’t tell if any of this is good or bad. Tony blinks and then keeps blinking, the blinks getting faster the more he gets down the page, and Steve hopes like hell that’s a good sign.
“Like sugar,” Tony says, with a pitched laugh that makes Steve a little worried. “Anyway, me and Steve are busy right now.”
“It’s unfortunate you had to involve Pepper,” Obie says. “I would’ve preferred it if she lived. Captain Rogers, too.”
The coffee finishes boiling. Steve lets Bruce pour his first, and then moves in to pour his own.
“If it’ll give you something to do,” Tony says finally, “I guess I’ll let you watch over me, Mother Hen.”
date someone?”
He looks down at his feet. His shoes are better than anything he’d been able to get before the Army, or even then.
Steve throws up his hands. “People kiss when they don’t like each other romantically!”
“Steve Jr.,” Tony says. “Sorry, that was-”
. He gets it when he’s probably too old for it, and he’s also probably too old for his Ma to read it to him as he’s half-delirious with scarlet fever, but neither of them mention this. It’s a nice little adventure story. Ma never finishes reading it to him, she gets caught up in work and Steve gets well enough to read it himself, but he keeps the memories of her voice, as comfortingly warm as the thick blankets they can’t afford, telling him about something called a Hobbit.
“Yeah?” Steve pockets his hands. “I was thinking it might be too…”
“You’ll help me get my grades up?”
“Thanks,” Tony says. He starts getting up and his stomach rumbles loud enough that he winces. “Jesus.”
“Okay,” Steve says. He wonders if he should - rub Tony’s back, or something. His Ma used to do that for him when he got sick, though she stopped after he told her he was too old for it.
“Ah, I can handle it.”
Steve’s eyes light up even as he stammers through
Steve chokes on a laugh.
“No, not for a while. My family used to have one, but after my Ma passed, I let someone else take care of it. I mostly paint for a living.”
“No promises.”
Tony leans in and flicks the book cover lightly. “Technically, it’s the sequels to that. Nowadays people consider this more of a prequel to the series.”
“Yep.”
makes Rhodey react - he says
short books - and his hand lingers on the cover of the top one for a second.
Tony nods, eyes on his tablet. Obie’s been saying a lot of things about assets and who Tony should talk to and what Tony should do for the company - he’s much more involved than he was before Tony’s kidnapping, but Tony isn’t surprised. He did announce a huge overhaul of SI, which means that there will be changes abound.
“Fair,” he says quietly. He clears his throat. “If I can ask - what happened to that copy?”
God, Steve hopes a teacher doesn’t show up until he breaks Ty’s nose.
“I remember,” Steve says. “I wasn’t that drunk. You got me shoes?”
They hold hands in the halls, which means they have to arrange to meet up before class and then walk around for people to see them.
But Tony doesn’t leave. Instead he shifts on the spot and sighs through his teeth.
Tony grins. He then visibly tries to stop smiling, but it doesn’t do much. It’s adorable.
Pepper takes a long, trembly breath. “Don’t ever, ever…
“We’re gonna be home soon,” Rhodey says. “And I know you wanna-”
“It’s fine,” Steve says. “It’s not - a-HA!”
He’d waited for more, but for the hour she’d been home before dinner and then through dinner, through Tony coming over and them explaining how the fight had happened, all Sarah does is make interested faces that Steve goddamn
Thus starts one of the most surreal times in Tony’s life: he watches Steve Rogers and Pepper Potts discuss their favourite art pieces. Steve is apparently excited to find out everything he’s missed while he was in the ice, and Pepper gives him some recommendations and tells him about some new things that have come up, art-wise. It sounds like gibberish to Tony but they’re both hyped about it, so he nods along and makes interested noises and keeps refilling their expresso cups.
Bucky clinks his fork with hers.
“The whole that,” Tony nods. “Gotta be convincing.”
“Would you, uh.” Steve wets his lips. “I know this might be a longshot, but - would you want to - be with me? As in - go out with me. I think we could be good together.”
“You’re prepared,” Steve says.
Pepper bends with him, helps pick up his jacket as well. She whispers, “
But it seems like Steve is pretty damn distant, too.
“I don’t know,” Tony says. “Eight is okay. Fourteen is - sad.”
Ty nods downwards. “You got a nice dick there, Steve. Surprisingly big for someone of your frame. Or most guys’ frames.
“What was what,” Rhodey says
Not long after his birthday, Steve pays his Ma a visit.
“Cool,” Tony says. “You must be good.”
, which he re-reads until its lavish and frequent descriptions of homecooked dinners make him long for non-ration food enough that he gives it to a soldier and tells him to keep it.
Ty shakes his head. “Not really, Steve.”
“It’s probably dry by now,” Steve says when Tony doesn’t stop.
that Steve realizes he’s backed him into a washing machine.
Tony nods. Looks around the table, where the argument is dying down. One other thing he doesn’t miss about the city - there was never much of a sense of community, there. Everyone was out for themselves, and fair enough, with how the city behaved. Here, though - here, people talk to you when you go to the store. Everyone knows Tony’s name, and for once it isn’t because of what his last name is - people here know his name because he fixed their TV or got them a decent internet connection or because they helped him find the best spots to find wild herbs. Here, you can find
They stand there in the kitchen trying not to smile too hard at each other.
“What?”
“Did Thor cry?”
“Yeah,” Tony says quietly. He clears his throat. “Uh. How are you feeling about - the ending? The series as a whole?”
Steve goes over this more than he’d like to admit. He goes over a lot of things more than he’d like to admit - he pores over poetry and seeks out lines in books and folds the page over. He doesn’t dare highlight them, but he can zero in on the lines as soon as he opens the page.
Cap doesn’t look convinced, but Tony doesn’t blame him.
“Hopefully birds are dumber than you when you’re drunk,” Steve says.
It does mean that Steve has to explain what’s going on, which is less fine. He stumbles over all of it, the kissing at Hammer’s party, going over to Tony’s house, Tony coming onto him after asking to stay the night at Steve’s -
They stand there in the hall, and Tony waits. There’s an energy here that he doesn’t love, and he doesn’t know if he’s inventing it or if the others feel it too.
“Mm.” Steve watches the water spiral down the drain. He wipes his hands on his jeans. “I - yeah. I thought we were good together.”
Steve fries them up some fish to go with the salad and they sit on the porch to eat, plates in their laps.
Tony’s mouth opens and closes. “Uhhhhh-”
Steve hums. They watch the chickens clamouring around each other, sussing out their new surroundings, until Tony says, “Your lawnmower?”
They both sit there for a second, soaking in their own thoughts.
“You too, Sir.” Happy looks thrilled about it.
Tony laughs again. “Oh, yeah. Soon as I turn 18, I’m locking that woman down.”
They head for a lounge, then sit on a couch. It’s a big couch, thank god, so they’re not squished together. Instead they sit a perfectly sensible distance apart and Tony says, “What decade are you up to?”
. He doesn’t need to give anyone more ammunition to tease him for being an old man.
“Wow,” Steve says. He does a full turn around the room, taking it all in. “Tony, this is amazing.”
“Even scarier to the birds,” Tony says. “He’s not even frowning - he’s angry and
“So,” Fury says. “On an unrelated note, Tiberius Stone will no longer be attending this high school as from next week.”
Steve laughs. “Oh, well, in that case.”
It’s Tony. He’s a little rough around the edges in a way that confirms that his hangover’s hitting him a lot harder than Steve’s. He’s holding a pair of new shoes.
“No, I mean - would that make sense? We just broke up. Fake-broke-up, but people won’t know that.”
“Guess I’m gonna be getting a soggy foot whenever it rains for a while,” Steve says.
. “-might influence a re-read a lot. Hey, uh. What’d your Mom write in that copy of
Steve almost laughs, then stops himself. Not the time.
There’s a perfectly good fishing rod in the shed. Tony doesn’t know how to fish, but Rhodey, after giving his blessing on “this stupid farm idea” had done some research and told Tony that this place is great for fishing.
“Order up,” Thor says, but Bruce and Natasha are already up with their plate waiting. Each of them takes a single waffle, gives Thor some kind of shoulder pat, and then heads back to the table.
Tony laughs. It’s hollow. “Yeah. He does, doesn’t he.”
Steve nods gratefully. Tony blinks at him for long enough that Steve starts to ask if something’s wrong, but then Tony gets up and holds out a hand. Steve takes it and follows.
He holds it out.
There’s no rush after they make it on, but Steve moves fast for a seat anyway, since the drivers are never the type to wait until everyone’s seated to take off. He has to grab Tony’s sleeve to steady them both when the bus pulls back into the street just as they’re sitting down.
I ran into Rhodey and Pep and had friends for the first time in my life, and realized that I’d take them over college in a heartbeat. College will always be there when I get around to it. So what if I’m letting the Stark name down? I’m - I’m being a normal teenager. I have friends. That’s better than college.”
Tony’s eyes fly open. He sits up. Steve is still, yes, sitting ramrod straight on the couch, like he doesn’t know how to be anything else. Maybe he doesn’t. How can he not? Even with seventy years of history behind them, Steve had only been Cap for two years before he went into the ice. Before that -
. “What’s up? Want some coffee? I just boiled the jug.”
“Happy birthday,” Steve says when Tony doesn’t speak for the third time in a row.
Steve flounders. “Uh,” he says. “Other than the people we’ve already told, we don’t tell anyone else. Like - our parents. It’ll be too difficult to explain.”
Behind them on the TV, Rhodey is telling the crowd that Tony is about to come out. Tony heads for the door. Steve follows, and just as Tony’s about to step out he touches Steve’s arm and gives what he hopes is a reassuring smile.
“Oh, Christ. Please don’t tell me you’re going to start going on in Elvish.”
Tony’s panting. He’s not unfit, his muscles can tell you that straight off, but he’s also not a super-soldier and hand-to-hand is especially tiring.
“It’s not,” Tony says, and then reconsiders. “It
It’s a cold night and Tony feels absolutely none of it as they streak out of the workshop and into the sky.
“They are! But they’re not-” Tony pauses. Kicks at a loose rock as they walk. “Our… people. Not in a bad way, just - they’re not what we’re used to. Right?”
“Oh, a
“Yeah.” Steve steps back so Tony can stand.
“Kissed you,” Natasha says. “Which he’d totally do if he didn’t like you.”
“Only if you do.”
He pockets the book and touches the gravestone one last time before turning away, just over the date of birth.
“Bantams,” Pepper says. “I might set up something at home.”
“I-” Steve sighs. Bucky and Natasha are coming in, both of them giving him a look when they notice him talking to Tony. They’re going to have a field day.
They drop each other’s hands.
“Do you think I should stick to the cards,” he asks.
Tony leans back into the couch. After a second, Steve does too. It’s strange seeing Steve relax, or get close to it - the closest Tony has seen to Steve being anything like
Steve shifts in place. “Look,” he says. “I’ll get you a blanket. You can take the couch-”
Steve sighs. If he’s sticking around he might as well use milk. “Yeah.”
Tony looks down at the ticket he’s been holding onto ever since Steve told him to keep it, and then apologizes when he bumps into a woman as he follows Steve off the bus.
“Thanks,” Tony says. “I mean - yeah. It’s turning out better than I expected. I thought I was just, y’know. Escaping. But it’s… I don’t know. I can picture living here for a long time, maybe.”
“It’s fine,” he says, and starts turning out his pockets. After Mr. Stark is satisfied - not that he shows it, he barely even looks at Steve as this happens - Steve heads back down the hall. He nods at Mrs. Stark, who is standing in the lounge with a glass of something amber. She nods back at him, smiles faintly, as if she was observing all of this from a long distance.
“Thanks,” Tony says. “What’d you bring?”
“Maybe I’m taking a break from the old life,” Tony says. “Taking something else up for a bit. What’s with you, then? How are
“Maybe I’ll sue you.”
It’s a very normal evening coffee, when Pepper stops shooting furtive looks at Steve like she’s expecting him to break out into the national anthem at any second. After some incredibly hit or miss conversation which is really not Pepper or Steve’s fault - they’re both out of their depths, what do you say to Captain America who was in the forties a few months ago, and what does a guy like Steve say to the PA of a multibillion dollar company - they find common ground in what they’d studied in college. Specifically, Pepper had Minored in Art History and Steve had gone to art school after finishing high school.
Tony blinks. Steve just wants to hang out. That’s - nice.
stop,” Steve says, but he’s smiling. “It’s a drawing of his aunt for her birthday.”
Before Steve can digest that, Tony is heading off down a hall, telling Steve he’ll give him the tour. Steve follows, doing his best not to touch anything.
“So? You didn’t have to - to indulge him. He can get you
but then the press gets a little firmer and Steve responds in kind and that’s - well, that’s. Something.
“Am I involved in this?”
“Oh, yeah.” Tony grimaces. “Yeah, no movement on that front. I thought he’d… but no, he’s. Pretty determined.”
” Tony says. “What do you think is gonna happen? If something does happen, he’ll just punch the problem away. Right, Cap?”
“Good boy,” he says, and then smashes the glass casing around the arc reactor. After that it’s a blind fumble, with Dummy chirping in concern in the background. Eventually Tony is able to make his numb fingers slide the old reactor into place, at which point he passes the fuck out, not knowing if he’s too late.
Steve pauses, and Tony says, “Orrrr some good ol’ scifi? Have you heard of Isaac Asimov? He’s great. Wrote this book called
“Yep.”
“I want a silkie,” Pepper says, stroking a careful finger down Ferdinand’s beak. “Or a - Tony, what are these ones again?”
So he finishes the book two days after he gets recommended it, then he lies on his bed and tries to determine what he’s going to say to Tony other than
Steve looks at him blankly. “If you just spoiled a good part, I will hunt you down, Wilson.”
There’s not much to do in sickbeds but read. Steve figures this out pretty early on.
“Hey,” Steve says. “Mind if I sit here and read?”
Two days later, Tony gets his second text from Steve. It says
“You got it,” Tony says. “Speak of the devil!”
back, and if Tony can do that then Steve can give him a damn painting.
Steve knocks on the glass door of the workshop and then steps in when Tony waves him in.
“Cute.”
“They’d finished with it, it’s not like I snatched it out of-”
“Were you conscious in the ice,” Tony blurts, and then backtracks when Cap’s blank expression flinches into something more urgent.
. That’s one word for it. Tony runs over his plans in his head - not fully formed, sure, but they’re solid. Solid like a machine in his chest. He has it like a list, full of things to be ticked off. First off -
“What’s up, Obie,” Tony says.
Tony does, making a beeline straight for the table that’s covered in food and also townsfolk - everyone’s here already, it seems. Natasha, Thor, Clint, Bucky and Sam all wave as Tony puts down the shepard’s pie on the only clear spot left on the table.
“Sorry, Ma,” Steve says, as he’s zipping up.
“One day, Tony,” Steve says absently, and makes a mental note to clear enough of his schedule to get through the first fifty pages.
Steve laughs, but it’s distracted. Tony watches him watch the fire.
, is what he texts, and Tony doesn’t comment on that either - and walks Tony to the door. They don’t wave, but they nod at each other, and then Tony steps out and the door closes and Tony stands in the hall for a second, letting it sink in.
“Neither do you.”
“You just pick up stuff as you go!”
They’re admiring a Peiter Brueghel painting,
Only hesitating a little, Tony reaches out the scant distance between them and touches Steve’s knee.
“No?”
“Yeah. And that could just be early-relationship jitters.”
“...Okay,” Tony says. He still doesn’t take the shoes back. “So?”
“I loaned it to her ten years ago,” Tony says. “A few days later she came in crying and hitting me with the book.”
“I’ll be outside,” Pepper says. She puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder and Tony nods at her, gives her a quick smile.
instead of - kissing him, or asking him to dinner, or to bed. Would you want to be with me, like - like Steve just wants his company, wants Tony next to him while they fish, or while Steve paints; wants to wake up next to Tony and eat breakfast together and have quiet evenings together.
Just as Steve is about to retreat into the room that Tony assigns him - he’d looked so lost when turned towards the rooms and told to choose one so Tony bites the bullet - there are familiar footsteps incoming.
Steve shrugs. “We’re in the cafeteria. People might notice if we stop using petnames.”
“Godspeed, pilgrim.”
Steve nods, but then: “Do we know that?”
Eventually Steve says, “Man, birthday shopping for you is going to be even harder than I thought.”
“This is gonna go great,” Tony says under his breath.
“Yeah.” Tony pockets his hands.
“That’s a word for it,” Steve yells back over the wind.
They head inside. Tony glances out the window at the scarecrow. Yeah, there’s a chance that might scare the shit out of him one night.
“Your boyfriend isn’t a great liar, Tony.”
“Not bad panicky,” Tony assures him, and takes his collar gently. Brushes some leftover snow off it, and it melts into his skin.
Steve is quiet for long enough that Tony starts to panic, and is about to say whatever the hell comes to mind when Steve says, “Air force demonstration, huh?”
“It varies.”
He wakes up, which is a surprise. Rhodey is shaking him gently.
Twenty minutes later, he’s seriously reconsidering.
It’s in this line of thinking that Steve almost doesn’t give Tony his birthday present. He paints it the week before and then wrestles with himself for the whole of Tony’s birthday week about whether or not it’s too much. The only reason he ends up giving it to Tony is the fact that Tony had given him his copy of
“I guess I’ll make an appearance,” Tony says, then looks sideways at Steve. “Orrr… we could make a joint appearance? It won’t help you if you want to get laid-”
Tony grins. He turns the lawnmower off. “It’s fine, Steve. I got some lemonade out of it.”
“Won’t happen.”
Coulson, as always, is unimpressed. “This isn’t my first rodeo, Mr. Stark. Just stick to the official statement and soon this will all be behind you.”
“Looks good,” Natasha tells him.
“Oof,” Tony says as he falls into his seat a second after.
Tony will tell him. Soon. Just not on move-in night.
“No?”
something good here.
“We can tape it up,” Steve tries.
but somehow it doesn’t feel like the moment. Tony won’t meet Steve’s eyes.
“Have a good class,” Steve says.
“I want to see this list. Show me later. JARVIS, fire up The Godfather.”
Steve hops backwards and mostly controls his fall onto his ass.
“Could’ve fooled me.”
Steve concentrates on his own steps, because it doesn’t matter how long he’s lived here - whenever he gets too confident, that’s when he trips. He makes it to the top of the stairs, unlocks the door, and steps into the apartment.
“Hi,” she says. Her gaze flickers over them both - their tight, closed-off postures, Steve holding the shoes like he wants them out of his hands. “How’re things?”
“Yeah. Went into a coma when the ship went into the ocean.”
. “You ripped yours, remember?”
,” Tony says. “Like - who named this place? Don’t get me wrong, I like it, but it’s - a bit much.”
“Yep. Can you read Spanish?”
Clint claps. “Fair. Rhodey!”
“Salad, huh,” Tony says as Steve motions for them to head back into the house.
“You should,” Steve says. He starts getting up. “I’ll get you-”
“Oh, yeah. Big, big asshole.”
Tony makes a noise of agreement.
“Ah, I don’t know about that,” Steve says. “It pays for food, anyway.”
“So you’re not disagreeing-”
ready for whatever’s about to happen, right until Tony gets through the slow-growing crowd and comes to stand next to Steve.
“Great!” Clint claps hard. “Everyone’s here, now let’s eat. Pass me Thor’s weird vegetables.”
Tony refuses to be babied, but he will sit in the workshop and marathon movies, which is how they spend the rest of the day after coming home from hospital.
And so it begins. Steve eats the popcorn he gets offered, goes on toilet breaks when they happen every 2 hours, and gets lost in the story as it goes on, and on, and
Steve’s cheeks burn with it. He can already feel stares on him, not the least of which from Bucky and Natasha. Less than ten seconds after the kiss, his phone is vibrating with texts.
It takes some convincing - along with a promise that JARVIS won’t get audio or video of Steve unless it’s an emergency - but Steve moves in that night.
“You two look adorable,” Steve whispers.
Steve shrugs. “I had a short life expectancy anyway. Are you up to something, Tony?”
Tony shows up around midday to fix it.
him. There are some other characters who do go home, and they just - live their life. After everything happened, they just went back and… lived. And I think I can do that now. I don’t think I need to go anywhere, Ma.”
“And my main one,” Tony says.
“So if we didn’t draw a - what, a smiley face, on the old pillowcase we’re gonna stuff with straw, the birds will suss us out?
“You haven’t read Lord of the Rings.”
“And you went with the fake boyfriend plan first,” he says.
“I’ll come over later today.”
. He’s not very far in.
That’s - a little bewildering, honestly, but Tony doesn’t want to insult the guy by laughing in his face, so he nods. “So you don’t farm?”
“The city friends?” Natasha raises her eyebrows. “That’s nice of them. Let us know if they end up coming, we’ll give them a Stardew Valley welcome.”
“Uh-huh,” Steve says. He’s scuffing his feet. It’s a habit his Ma scolded him out of as a kid, but apparently he’s just been repressing the feet-scuffing and it’s been waiting to resurface. Who knew?
Pepper says, “Maybe?”
“What is the
“Speak of the devil,” Steve says. He turns in his chair. “Hi, Tony.”
Steve nods gratefully, pocketing his hands. “Thanks, Tony. I really appreciate it. Can I get you anything while you work?”
“Not really.”
“Oh, you
Tony shrugs. “Basically the same. I don’t think about much concrete stuff, just - y’know. Her and Max stay friends their whole lives. Max ends up - I don’t know, he shifts careers a lot. Has a hard time, but Lisel is always there if he needs a spare room.”
“For you to tap out of a situation,” Tony says. “Like a safeword.”
Tony thinks.
“Look,” Obie says, voice low. “I know things haven’t been good between us lately. But you have to know that I only did it because I care about-”
“Oh, yeah. You haven’t heard? I’ve seen every movie.”
Tony snorts. “What if I am up to something? Gonna turn me in? That guy, whatsisface - Coulson, he’s been sniffing around and I don’t know if I buy his whole ‘my suit’s too big and I totally don’t notice, this definitely isn’t a farce to make me seem unthreatening’ schtick. I know the type.”
“You were on your yaucht,” Coulson says, and he keeps talking but Tony tunes out, looking over at Steve, who is leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. Steve is watching the TV, but Tony has barely been looking at him for two seconds before Steve meets his eyes.
Steve has reservations about this. Tony sends a car anyway.
Tony laughs loud and then tries to cover it. “N - alright. Sure, thank you for pointing that out.
“Whoa, I’m not-” Steve lowers his voice. “I’m not taking the money. Just tutoring is fine.”
“You can trust them,” Steve says mildly. He looks around Tony to his lunch table, where Rhodey and Pepper are watching with dubious expressions. He gives them a wave.
, yeah.”
Steve thinks about it.
Steve’s throat is tight. He swallows anyway.
“So,” Tony says as they climb into the elevator. “Frodo.”
“Peachy!” Tony sits up, starts pulling electrodes off of him. “Hey, how much did you see when you were playing peeping tom?”
Bucky raises his hands. “I won’t! I won’t.”
“Good,” Tony says. “Okay. Good.”
When they emerge into the kitchen, the team is indeed making brunch. This week it’s waffles, the mixture being poured into the waffle iron and then pressed down by Thor. The rest of the team mills around the table, either eating waffles or waiting for them, putting cream and fruit salad on their plates
“He doesn’t hit me,” Tony says, and it’s muffled in Steve’s shoulder. “Rhodey was worried too, at first. But he doesn’t hit me, so don’t worry about it.”
“He was having a hard time at home,” Steve says. “So he stayed over.”
“I know, but-”
Steve doesn’t move. Surely there’s a polite way to say
Bucky’s face twitches a little, like he isn’t sure if he wants to let this go or keep ragging Steve about it. Steve waits, trying to come up with something else to distract him, but apparently Bucky is feeling merciful today.
He points at the apartment door. Steve looks at it for a moment.
Tony glowers at her and pushes his sweaty hair out of his eyes. “I do alright on my own.”
“I know,” Steve says. Judging how Tony’s gaze drops to the floor, his brain goes the same place Steve’s does.
when they run into each other in town and get a coffee
Tony guesses he must still look disbelieving, because she nudges him.
“Oh, that’s too bad! I was hoping we could catch up.”
“No one cares, Steve! If we raid the bathroom cabinet and leave it bare, no one will care. Come on.”
Steve scrubs their plates, then the utensils, and hands them off to Tony, who dries and stacks them on the counter.
“Well, it’s the least I can do,” Steve says. “With all that you make for us.”
He waits for Cap to say something like
“‘Course you won’t,” Steve says. “Because I’ll be looking out for you.”
“You got it, Boss,” Happy says, and then he proceeds to linger uncomfortably close to Tony for the whole walk and elevator ride up. Tony has to tell him to step back three times, but he’s not too annoyed - if anything, it’s comforting to have Happy’s usual enthusiasm for his role, and he actually seems to give a shit about Tony’s wellbeing beyond the paycheck. Nowadays, that’s pretty much all Tony can ask for.
Steve doesn’t punch him. Yet. He’s decided he’s probably going to.
in one of them!”
“You’re a hard worker,” Steve says.
“Oh, that was nice of him,” Obie says. “Tony doesn’t talk much about his old man, I’m glad he gets to do it with you. I gotta say, though, if it’s Howard stories you want, you’d be better off talking to me. I have the best ones. Not to say that Tony doesn’t-”
The next time they talk about
“Good actor.”
“So,” Natasha says. “Anything new with you?”
“How many bedrooms does this place have,” Steve says as he looks around. One hall alone has at least five rooms attached to it, and there are more halls than that.
Clint struggles his arms back into his sleeves. He’d really disappeared into the hoodie. “Ugh, fine. Nat, you in?”
“...Alright.”
“Yeah.”
“I told you not to give me a discount,” Tony says, and Steve gets halfway into what’s obviously a lie before giving in.
“Enough.”
“G’night, Tony,” Obie says. “Pepper, let me walk you out?”
“I can handle things about the war,” Steve says. He doesn’t look at Tony, who has seen him puking in a toilet after a movie scene set in the trenches, about a month after moving in. That was once, and Steve can really handle that kind of thing now. He hasn’t had an episode like that before or since.
They troop up to the kitchen, with Pepper sending him repeated glances that means Tony is
“Yeah,” Tony says quietly. He can understand that.
“So do I,” he says.
“God,” she says, whirling around to face Steve. “I’m - I’m so sorry.”
Steve looks at her, but she doesn’t relent. He pushes his chair out and goes to his room, comes back with his torn shoe. He hands it to her and she turns it around in her hands. She pushes her fingers through the hole and makes a face.
Steve and Sarah sit there and listen to him clatter down the metal steps.
part of fake boyfriend confused,” Bucky says.
He turns and starts to leave, but he does a double-take upon seeing Steve. His mouth opens and closes.
As it turns out, Tony does have recommendations. He barrels into the kitchen the next day with a slab of a book that’s been divested of its cover and says, “You might like or hate this one and I can’t tell which.”
“Hello,” Steve says. He takes a Fiddlehead Fern shoot and presses it through the chicken wire. “You hungry, fella?”
Tony nods. Takes a deep breath. “Hey, uh. Can we still - can we still be friends? Since we don’t have to be, y’know-”
The doctor has met Steve many times, which is probably why he only reacts a little at getting called ‘Sir’ by Captain America. He says, “See that you do,” and then the team is left to wait until they’re allowed to see him.
“So,” Tony says, and then pauses. Pepper is eyeing them both from the car, window rolled down, her hand on the handle. Tony sighs again, louder this time.
Steve’s lips twitch.
Steve nods. His palms are sweating. He wipes his hands on his jeans.
“Don’t,” Tony mumbles.
Tony jolts. “What! What happ-”
AF guy laughs. “If it’s an emergency, there are quicker things than fish,” he says, and bends down near Tony’s feet. He rummages for a few seconds and comes up with a startlingly large number of mushrooms.
Tony flops back against a pillow, sighing. He pretends not to notice the look that everyone trades - Obie’s dead, whatever, they keep looking at him like they expect him to break down over it. Tony’s had an adjustment period. He’s fine. He’s his brand new version of fine which is surprisingly less full of sharp edges than he thought it had to be.
In front of him, Tony seems just as mortified, though he’s doing a better job at hiding it than Steve is. His hands are in his pockets, but Steve knows they’ll be tapping away a storm.
Steve takes it, opens it to the cover page. “
There’s no laundry on the kitchen table, which is a start.
“Tony,” Fury says. “You okay over there?”
Tony’s eyes track over his face. “Yeah, I’m fine. You’re the one who just had to show my Dad your phone didn’t have any secret recording technology.”
And some of it’s less quotes and more abstract - he thinks a lot about Sam. Gamgee, not Wilson. He thinks about Sam going home to the Shire and settling in, settling down, marrying the love of his life and having children and gardening and living peacefully.
“I just,” Tony says, and pauses. “I said - I offered to get him out of his apartment. Told him I had the room. Said I’d try to make it so no one could throw him at the first random threat that pops up.”
The universe might have it out for Steve.
Steve freezes like a deer in headlights. Beside him, Tony says, “Do we-”
“And you’re asking me about it because you… what, blackmail?”
“100%,” Tony says. He slides over to the next couch cushion, says, “Come on.”
. Tony spots no less than three animals lurking around the underbrush.
“I-” Steve considers. “Okay, yeah. But I’ll get better.”
“I’m really sorry for not being around,” Tony starts, but Steve cuts him off.
“Yeah!” Steve smiles hard, then tries to figure out how much is a normal amount to smile. Probably less. He smiles less, then says, “I’m most of the way through it.”
“Uh-uh. You wanna puke, you puke away from me.”
interesting way.”
“I’m your bodyguard, you need to be guarded-”
“It’s not.”
“So you and Tony quote poetry at each other,” Bruce says as he pours milk into his cup.
“We could just do this during lunch,” Steve points out, but Tony shushes him.
“You’re on toast duty,” Sarah says.
and clear, righteous anger and sheer embarrassment, a lifetime of never having enough, of wearing the same shoes until they get thin enough that it’s barely worth wearing them anymore, and then wearing them another six months after that. Wearing things until they literally fall apart, then fixing them up, then wearing them until they were only good for scraps. Keeping the scraps, every time.
“Let’s hope you’re right,” Steve says.
Tony starts into the lawnmower with a screwdriver. He spares a thought, as he does much less often now, to this situation: repairing a lawnmower in a friend’s backyard as the guy goes inside to get him homemade lemonade. He never thought he’d end up here.
He should’ve brought along the notes he’d drafted. No, that would be even worse than making a dick of himself and stumbling over his words.
“And you didn’t?”
Steve starts, “If you don’t-”
, Tony tells himself.
If Rhodey notices the motion, he doesn’t acknowledge it. His gaze stays trained on Tony’s.
Tony hesitates halfway through a nod, like he’s not sure if Steve is sugar-coating it.
“I know. We truly are living in a golden age,” Tony says. He takes a long drag from his glass and Steve watches his throat bob. Tony’s been drinking a
Steve was, how it was so obvious that Tony wanted to - to hug him, if he was that kind of guy, or tell him everything was going to be alright. How Tony could have said a lot of things and Steve probably would’ve said yes. How it didn’t seem like Steve cared much about where he was or what he was doing, content - or complacent, at least - to be shoved anywhere people put him. How he absolutely would’ve agreed to be thrown at the first random threat that popped up, that maybe he was even looking forward to it just so he had something to punch.
“Rhodey,” Tony says. “Don’t hold out on me. I won’t shatter into tiny pieces if you tell me something bad.”
“Yeah. No one could’ve made friends with all of that going on.”
“I like Pablo Neruda,” Natasha says. She gets to a blue M&M and adds it to a pile of blue in her lap, then eats a green one from the bag. “Even if he was an asshole.”
He’d walked back to the Tower. Everything felt very distant the whole way home. It still felt far away when Tony put a hand on his shoulder and asked the same question Sam had done, and looked just as disbelieving when Steve had insisted he was fine.
Right as he’s looking over at Tony, Steve’s grin freezes in its tracks. If Ty leaves the school - leaves the
“So you guys are - you’re, like. Actual roommates. Instead of - two people who avoid each other in a huge house.”
“We’ll talk about it,” he says, and watches Tony grin.
Nothing.
“Guess so,” Steve says.
Steve has to force himself not to shrug Tony off, or worse.
“Nice,” Tony says, because who the hell is he to judge. “Uh, where do I-”
“What? Ignore me? I don’t mean to be a dick?”
Steve revels in it. Being this close to Tony and having it not be a performance - it’s distracting.
“There are Youtube videos on it.”
He has shit to take care of, and it seems like Steve does too.
“You first mentioned him as Hot Artist Farm Guy.”
“Huh,” Bucky says, his face blank in a way that spells trouble.
“It’s fine,” Mr. Stark repeats, in a loud, mocking voice. “Like it was fine with Sunset? Remind me again, which important fucking documents did she steal away with? Which documents that might have endangered the existence of the Stark company? Was that
“Not yet,” Tony says. When Steve looks over at him, doing a bad job of covering up his worry: “I’m not going anywhere. I put a lot of work into my place. Besides, if I go back to New York, where are my chickens going to go?”
“Dishes,” she reminds them as she closes the door behind her.
kind of annoying, just the usual kind of ribbing among friends, the kind that Steve wants to coax out of him.
“Never seen anyone down there. It’ll be good to have someone take care of it again.”
When he turns around, he almost bumps into someone.
Tony doesn’t blame him. It takes effort for him, too. Steve’s in his
“I know,” Tony says. “But this is faster. What’s up, got a scandal you need me to cover? I could be your alibi. We could say we were in-”
“And he just - said yes.”
Tony ignores it as best he can with his limbs giving out on him.
“Yeah. It can be an innocent pet name, but when one of us says it, we know we need to bail.”
“Water’s gonna get in when it rains!”
“Yeah, and he admits
“How are
“Hmm?”
Clint says something that’s muffled through his waffle. Natasha slaps him in the shoulder.
“There’s still the ride back to yours,” Steve says. “Might puke on the way.”
“Tony… Stark,” Sam says, voice muffled by his ham sandwich.
“We were having a normal conversation,” Tony says. “Are Sam and Bucky finished going for each other’s throats? Can we continue with dinner now?”
“Yep,” Tony says.
He shakes his head. “First stop was the burger place,” he says. “This is-”
After she clicks the last bit into place and stands back, shaking. Her hands are slimy and she holds them in front of her like she doesn’t know what to do with them.
“Great,” Obie says. “That’s great.”
“Does the name ever get old?”
“At my house, if that’s alright.”
“Hm?” Tony looks over the flashing lights coming from the Hammer house. “Sure. Jarvis has been in the family - employed by us, you know what I mean - since before I was born.”
“Did I say Steve was pretty?”
a lot as a kid?”
- and Tony’s room had been so lively, so bright and interesting and in motion, and Tony has a
“Nope,” Steve says. “I went once in freshman year. Someone puked on my shoes and I had an allergic reaction to a cake because I ate it and didn’t realize it had nuts in it.”
Steve stands there and folds his arms. Tony feels very, very scrutinized.
Steve steps closer, then kneels down. A chick wanders closer.
He makes his way through the chips, then looks up when Clint beans him in the arm with a chocolate bar.
“Tony, I can’t take these.”
“Boys,” he says. He nods at Natasha, who nods back with blood on her teeth. “You’re all coming with me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Alright,” Steve says. “I’ll talk to you later about what you want out of it.”
As they kiss, Steve’s eyes come open slightly. It’s still strange, having someone’s face so close, but he wants to imprint it in his mind, in case this never happens again: his eyelashes, hair in the edge of Steve’s vision, everything distorted like a dream -
“Steve.”
As he’s opening his mouth to change the subject back to algebra, the front door opens.
Cap keeps drinking his coffee. “And?”
“Hey!”
Steve is still giggling weakly. There are tears streaming down his face, but that’s probably from the wind. He wipes at his face clean.
Steve smiles against his glass. “Stay for Steve Jr..”
“Thoughts?”
.” He’s started doing this since he got deprogrammed and it infuriates Steve to no end.
“Yeah,” Tony says. He won’t meet Steve’s eyes.
“I’m gonna have to come up with blackmail material,” he mutters.
Steve turns the tap on so cold water runs into the newly-plugged sink. He squirts dishwashing liquid into it and waits. He leans against the sink as Tony stands in place like he isn’t sure what’s safe to lean against.
“Happy to help,” Steve says, and finds he kind of means it. Even with the whole he-used-to-date-Ty thing, Tony is an okay guy.
and she glares at him like
nothing. Except a nice dick, apparently. Goes to show just how shallow Tony is. The two of you walking around the halls all Romeo and Juliet, as if Tony really
bitter either.
“Right,” Tony says. “Sorry. Forgot.”
“Hey,” Tony says. “You read them as a kid!”
“I’ll let you know,” he says.
and Steve had to relent, but made him start hand-to-hand training anyway - Steve says, “So you read the
“I miss you,” he repeats. “And I look forward to seeing you again. Don’t think that’ll be for a while, though. I think - Ma, I know this won’t make much sense to you, unless you really are looking down on me with all this otherworldly knowledge I don’t know about, so. Uh. These books have this character called Frodo, and as I was reading them I thought - I thought I was him. ‘Cause he couldn’t move on. He couldn’t go back to the home he saved, he’d changed too much, he’d been through too much, so he had to leave. But now - I don’t know. I’ve had some time to think about it. If I’d read it a year ago I’d definitely still think I was Frodo, but now - there’s part of him in me, but I don’t think I have to be him. I don’t think I
“So,” Tony says. “You saw me on TV earlier.”
“Thanks again,” Steve says.
“Well, don’t
Tony thinks as they come up to it. It’s a perfectly normal door with the number 34 on it in gold letters. It’s a little shabby, but not overly so. What the fuck would Cap’s apartment look like on the inside? Would he have knick-knacks on his shelves? Would he bother with shelves at all?
“It’s
“I know what it is,” Steve says.
“I look forward to it,” Tony says dryly. “Right! Anything else?”
“Ha. Not tonight.” Tony rubs a hand over his forehead. “How are you going on movies? Caught up yet?”
It’s the leftover adrenaline. That’s what he tells himself. If he hadn’t just been punched in the face a bunch of times, he would have never said it so easily. Still, adrenaline doesn’t keep the panic from setting in as he waits to see how Tony will take it.
“What was wonderful,” Bucky says as he comes in, clad in workout clothes.
“I can talk,” Tony says, after a second and an assessing look at Steve. He stands back. “Come in.”
“‘S alright.” Steve smiles, but it’s a bad attempt. “It feels like a lifetime ago.”
“Hey,” Tony says. He holds out the shoes.
what you’re supposed to do to incapacitate someone! Don’t hit their
“I saw your online rates,” Tony says. “Can’t lie to me.”
“But not to brag,” Steve jokes. Then, “Series?”
When they pull apart, Tony’s hands are on his face. A thumb strokes along the side of it, at the hairline.
“Apparently,” Steve says again. “And not - I mean, not like - we’re not
Tony’s eyes narrow. He gets out his phone, holds up his free hand in a
He steps to the left. Ty moves in front of him again.
, but then he remembers his homework, which has eight problems to go and Steve only knows how to do three of them.
Tony glances around. Things are definitely cleared up now, and there are some new structures where before there had just been stray plants. It’s nowhere near done yet - Tony’s definitely going to keep expanding, plant more crops, build more greenhouses and silos - but it’s a start, and Tony’s strangely proud of it.
“Nothing,” Rhodey says. “Hey - I’m here if you need me. You know that, right?”
Captain America. Huh.
“I’m not getting in, Tony-”
“Yep.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah,” they say in unison.
Thor claps him on the shoulder, gently, as to not disturb the chicks in the box, and then sends Tony on his way.
Steve sits down. After a while, he picks up his fork.
“All of it.”
“How far away is your farm,” Rhodey asks.
Tony does a double take.
“Sorry,” Steve says, breathless.
, with working parts that just needed to get fired up to be functioning again, and instead he gets to build this place from the ground up.
“Well, good.” Tony grins, squeezes Steve’s hand. “Now, we were talking about what’s next. Ideas?”
“He’s coming over,” Tony says.
Tony takes a deep breath, winces at the feel of it, and then knocks.
Tony blinks. It’s not what he expected, but he didn’t let himself think of this a lot, and now that he
Steve checks to make sure no one heard, then says, “It’s not - it’s probably not that.”
Pepper and Happy trade another look. Tony ignores it again and starts opening the door.
Steve says, “Have you done dishes before?”
might not be an option here.
He reads a lot of those pocket-books, purely because they’re so widely available and most soldiers have at least one. That’s how he gets into
to tell me spoilers.”
A heavy pause.
Steve can feel the blood hot in his cheeks. His cut foot throbs in time with his heartbeat.
Steve nods, mostly to give himself something to do. He’s still nodding, trying to come up with something to say, when Tony picks up another book from his shelf.
He lifts his hand like he’s about to pat Steve on the shoulder, then drops it. “See you at school.”
“Hello, Sir,” Steve starts.
They hug, the painting held carefully between them, and when Steve leaves, Tony is standing there staring down at it with an unreadable expression.
Steve doesn’t react to the shoulder clap, or the prolonged squeeze that happens before Obie drops his hand. He smiles and it’s perfectly polite, but there might be something underneath it. Or Tony’s projecting. One of the two.
There’s a series of noises of agreement around the lounge, some more exasperated than others, but it’s better than the grave silence than before.
,” Tony gasps. “Oh my god. You
He pauses. When Tony sits down on a couch, Steve sits down on the next cushion.
Tony shoves it to the back of his head and goes home to the suit.
Later, he doesn’t remember much of the trip down there. Even as it happens, he drifts in and out of consciousness. What he does remember is reaching up to the table where Pepper’s gift is - proof that Tony Stark has a heart - and not being able to get it, and falling to the floor.
Tony thinks groggily, and then he forces his shaking, jerky arms and legs to shuffle him towards the elevator. It’s a slow, agonizing journey and every minute that passes carries the shrapnel closer to his heart; sharp jabs of pain as the blood flow restricts.
Shit. “Weird?”
“But the rest of them are intact! I’ll just tape up the hole-”
Tony gives him a look that’s almost uncertain. “You mean you haven’t…”
As Steve waits his turn he finds his thoughts, as they often do nowadays, drifting to Frodo. He’s in dire straights in the part of the book Steve’s up to, but that doesn’t mean he can’t recover, go home, build himself a life from the ground up or settle back into the old one.
Tony blinks. “Sure,” he says, and then with a teasing smile that doesn’t go all the way to his eyes: “What a good boyfriend.”
“Check him over first,” Mr. Stark adds as Steve passes him.
“Shhh.” Tony waves his free hand. “Don’t tell anyone. I have an image to maintain.”
“Bye,” Tony says, and starts off down the hall.
It’s only after about a month that Tony realizes that some of the residents can be aware about how weird they are, especially to someone from the city, and
“This is simple,” Tony all but yells, and then lowers his voice like he’s visibly restraining himself. “It’s simple. This is as simple as I can get it. If you just do what I-”
It’d be nice, Tony assumes, to be able to look down at your hands and have something that didn’t change.
“Well,” Tony says. “If you’re positive.”
Tony snorts. “No, the other room I have sex in.”
Steve drops down next to him. “A whole cushion to myself. Wow.”
Bucky starts to say something else, but then he gets hit in the face with a frisbee. This somehow leads to Bucky and Natasha surging up and joining an impromptu frisbee match, with stakes and a goal of hitting the basketball net outside the house. Steve and Tony are invited - or, they’re not being deliberately excluded - but both of them stay on the couch, watching in bewilderment as the new frisbee gang charges outside.
The first
“Elijah Wood,” Steve says.
“-quiet about it, yeah.” In the background there are sounds of cooking, something frying, maybe.
Steve sits back in the bus seat and nods. “Driver. Right. Cool.”
kiss if your delicate sensibilities can handle it. Regular couple stuff.”
“They finally let me go! I got a few naps under my belt, but I’m going to need to collapse in a big way...” She trails off. “Steve? Something wrong?”
“Pretty sure it is.”
Steve thinks about texting him, asking if he’s okay, but he doesn’t know if Tony will appreciate it.
“I’m thinking about putting a uniform back on. Being Captain America again.”
Tony grins. Unflappable guy has been flapped.
“I just-” Steve sets the book down in his lap. “I don’t know. I thought the same thing about Rose in Titanic - I know it wouldn’t fit with the movie, and we did get some information about what her life is like, but we don’t get to go into it. And I think the book doesn’t
“‘S nice,” Natasha says, with the same
It tangles at the back of Tony’s throat, the sweetness of it.
He thinks about telling Steve,
just got you back, man. How about you leave the jokes to when you’re all healed up?”
Steve does bring up Obie, but only once. A movie has ended and neither of them have told JARVIS to put anything else on, so they’re just watching the credits roll. Tony’s mind is elsewhere and he suspects Steve’s is the same.
“Well,” Tony says.
“I’ll live with it, then!” Steve realizes he’s yelling when Tony’s face tightens. He lowers his voice. “Look, I - I appreciate it. It’s a nice thing you tried to do. But this is too much-”
“Hey, does the series have, uh.” Steve pauses. Folds his arms, then wonders if he did it to mimic Tony. He’d read those articles about how mimicking people makes them feel more at ease. “This might be a naive question, but does it have a happy ending?”
Steve grits his teeth. He’d banged his elbow on the way down and it’s throbbing with his foot. He doesn’t waste any time lying there, pushing himself up.
“Did he give you the books-”
Fake dating resulting in tutoring, apparently.
Tony hesitates. “Sure.”
He eats his way through the energy bars he’s packed, and by the end of the day the place is marginally cleaner - manual work takes longer than he realized, there’s still a long way to go - and he’s out of food and his stomach’s rumbling. He goes inside to grab his wallet, then hesitates.
“Huddle,” he tells them, and Happy moves closer to Pepper.
“Thanks,” Tony pants, and collapses into the chair that Sam pulls out next to him, the only empty one left. “Sorry for the lateness, I had to-”
“From the things everyone has told me about you growing up,” Tony says when Steve asks
“I look forward to it,” Ty says, and strokes a thumb over the muscle as it moves under Tony’s skin.
Tony says, “I’m gonna show you what I’m up to.”
“Yeah,
“I feel like your idea of outrageous is different than my idea of outrageous,” Tony says, coming forwards to drape his arms around Steve’s shoulders.
Christine Everheart confronts him at a party and the persona Tony puts on for these events evaporates. Gulmira - that was Yinsen’s hometown. And it was getting destroyed by Tony’s own weapons.
“Going for a fly?”
,” Sam says.
Steve has no fucking idea what
“What happened to
Time is not on his side. Tony can’t - he can’t move. Or, he can move, but so pathetically that it barely counts: thirty seconds of struggle after Obie leaves and all Tony’s done is slump sideways on the couch. Another thirty and he slides ungracefully to the floor, face slapping into it sideways.
“-we can go now, why aren’t we already gone? Fire up the helicopter and let’s-”
“No,” Steve says, but it’s a knee-jerk reaction. Steve doesn’t think he’s ever answered
For a moment, he considers telling him. He’d finished
“Soooo…?”
At first he thinks Tony is going to tell him not to worry about it.
They hit the kitchen and Tony starts chopping tomatoes. He pauses to do a quick search on how best to chop tomatoes for a salad, gets caught out by Steve and is told to “just chop them whatever way you want, Tony, it doesn’t matter.”
Damn Hope. Steve can’t remember who Hope is, other than another student, but
Tony nods. “Another satisfied customer,” he says, mostly for something to say.
Nothing happens. Tony waits, then knocks again.
“N-” Steve pauses. Adjusts his folded arms.
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Uh. Didn’t think I’d adjust well to farm life, but - it’s growing on me. I came here so I wouldn’t have to go back to the city, but I never thought I’d actually do it. But - I don’t know. I might actually stick around.”
Steve sighs. “I just missed it.”
“It is,” Steve agrees. He chews another M&M.
“Yeah, yeah, yuk it up.”
“You’re on drying duty,” he says, and Tony branishes the towel like this is actually important.
“I’ve... rinsed things.”
“Right, of course.” Coulson seems to notice the handshake has been going on too long and lets go. “You haven’t been announced to the public yet. I’m - yes.”
“You gotta grin as hard as you can at him for the rest of high school,” Bucky tells her. “Like, a hair away from baring your teeth.”
,” Steve says. He pauses. “Just got to this really good quote that kind of sums up what I’m thinking about the ending.”
“I know my AI. If Obie can get around him, I’ll eat a suit gauntlet.”
Steve shrugs. “Always a good day to punch a bully.”
“Sorry,” Tony repeats, and the two of them help each other off the couch.
Tony stares at him, incredulous.
He gives their surroundings a considering look, and Tony tries to imagine an artist’s brain coming up with types of paint and brush strokes, constructing a painting in his head as he looks around, the same way Tony had looked around and figured out what he needed to build and fix.
“Yep,” Steve says.
“Yeah,” Steve says. “I’ll see you?”
Steve picks up his pencil, but the atmosphere remains weirdly tender for the rest of the period.
, in their
Steve has to bite the inside of his cheek to stop himself from laughing. “Sure. Also other things.”
“Don’t,” Steve warns.
? What are we, adults? Lawyers?”
Tony looks up a Youtube video on fishing, grabs the right stuff - he’ll buy bait when he’s in town - and sets out with only vaguely romantic ideas involving catching and eating his very own fish.
He makes his voice as calm as he can, because Tony is visibly holding down his excitement and by now Steve has caught onto the fact that Tony will eventually find it annoying if Steve acts purposely calm about this kind of thing for long enough. Not the
Steve laughs, but it breaks in the middle. When she approaches, he steps back. “I’m fine, it’s - it’s just a mess. I don’t think I’m gonna like how this all turns out, Ma.”
“What,” Steve says.
“Yeah? You catch much of it?”
is after he’d taken them for a fly. Steve had been alight with energy after that, grinning and for once not standing at parade rest. He’s been more at ease around Tony after that, but it still looks like it takes him effort to put his guard down.
“I don’t know.”
Cap pours them some instant coffee. They sit around the kitchen counter, because there’s no table anywhere.
“Tony,” Steve starts, but Tony stops him.
It rings a bell. “It’s on my to-do list.”
“It’s fine.”
“More than that,” Steve says. “Tolkien invented languages.”
Steve eyes him. This doesn’t seem like a joke. Tony can be a dick, but he doesn’t go out of his way to be mean unless someone messes with him or his friends first.
Steve tells the others to go ahead when they make it out to the hall, then he falls into step with Tony.
“So is this, like - your workshop,” Steve says. “And the other room you sleep in?”
Steve texts Tony that he wants to meet up and Tony keeps the phone next to him, glancing over at it every thirty seconds, for about half an hour before he gives in and replies,
He clams up after that, because it’s getting uncomfortably close to Peggy territory, but Tony either doesn’t notice or pretends not to.
“Why, what- Bucky -
. “Busy.”
“No bird’s gonna touch your crops,” Steve agrees.
“I have-” Tony’s chest throbs. He doesn’t touch it, but he has to breathe slowly. “I
Rhodey lets out a long sigh. “I would be with Sam, but unfortunately I have a deep-rooted love for the series that makes me overlook the whole ‘black people don’t exist in Middle Earth’ thing. Damn you, Tones.”
- what happens to Sam-”
meant, because it could mean about thirteen different things and Tony absolutely couldn’t ask which one it was. Then he tries to work out how to respond, which Pepper also seems to be stuck with, since her mouth is moving and nothing is coming out.
Steve pulls his foot towards him, then yanks his shoe off, then his sock. At the wall, Tony makes a noise of triumph and a second later the room is bathed in light.
“Yep,” Sarah says. She hangs her handbag up and shucks off her landyard. “Guess who she said you were dating?”
“Sure,” he says, ignoring it when Bucky, Sam and Natasha all turn to look at him.
“Let me know if you want to come over to work on it,” Tony offers.
Tony narrows his eyes. “I can’t tell if that’s a dig at me or you.”
Tony shrugs. “Figured I’d bite the bullet. Thor was a big help.”
The next morning, Steve wakes up with a hangover so mild he thinks he imagines it. It gains traction the more time he spends awake, but then he chugs a few glasses of water and it subsides. He really doesn’t get how people can drink so much that they wake up with destructive hangovers - he’s done that one time and quickly decided that once was enough.
Bruce takes a long sip of coffee as Steve pours his milk.
“I heard someone was taking over the Carbonell farm,” Steve says. “Is that you?”
Steve waits. When Tony doesn’t say anything else, Steve sighs.
“What happened,” a voice says, and it takes a second for Tony to connect the dots and turn to see Steve at his other side, his eyebrows furrowed. He’s bleeding heavily from his forehead and cradling his side, which is also pretty fucking bloody.
Tony quarters them. He’d read that much before Steve caught him with his phone.
“Some of the Hobbits manage to do it. Go back home, grow gardens. Be happy.”
There’s a moment where they both realize that this could be very awkward, and Tony turns around to present his back. “Uh. Grab on, I guess.”
She’d stared at him, halted where she’d been halfway through pulling off her jacket. Then she’d let it hang off her as she slowly massaged her forehead.
Tony opens his mouth to say
They also give Bucky and Natasha a ride, because by this point both of them are drunk enough to start getting frisbee injuries from pulling increasingly risky moves. Steve stops Bucky as he’s about to jump off a scaffold and drags him to Tony’s car.
“-bigger things to worry about,” she finishes.
“Sorry,” Tiberius Stone says, looking perfectly okay and not at all sorry, even if he’s doing some mocking approximation of it.
“Hi,” he says, flashing his own smile, not slimy but not quite trustworthy, either. “What’s going on?
He grins, then grins harder when Steve colours a little and ducks his head. Steve is so unflappable when it comes to most things, but the second Tony turns a hint of charm on him, he starts stammering. It’s as adorable as the chickens.
“Nothing bad like
Kissing is nice. Making out - it feels like this is what they’re doing now, what with all the touching - making out is
- but he’s successfully shaken off those feelings for good, or so he thought.
“I know. Natasha told me. And I Googled it later.”
“Thanks,” Tony says in reply, quiet, and it clicks - Sarah keeps complimenting him. Tony doesn’t seem to know what to do with it, which is just - even weirder. Tony gets compliments all the time. He must. He’s Tony Stark. Why is he being all weird over Sarah telling him he’s smart? Tony knows he’s smart, Tony must know he’s smarter than most people know.
“We’re not exactly-” Steve gestures between them. “On the same level.”
“Not even the movies,” Steve says.
“I broke my leg!”
Wordlessly, Steve hands him the tomatoes. Tony gathers them up and watches Steve tear off giant leaves of spinach, then some lettuce.
“Jesus,” Tony mutters. His chest throbs again, this time hard enough that his hand flickers up to touch the reactor, glancing off of it when he remembers that Rhodey’s right here. Rhodey’s obviously not comfortable with it, though he’s considerably more comfortable than he was when he thought it was a bomb strapped to Tony’s chest.
“Thanks,” Tony says when he’s tapped out for good. “I needed that.”
Steve takes it. He rubs at the wrapping paper - it’s a beautiful design, all cream colours, and it’s probably more expensive than his clothes. He would do this anyway, but he takes more care than usual as he tugs the tape off and opens the present without tearing the paper.
isn’t implicit, but Steve hears it anyway.
“Sure.”
Happy checks it with Tony twice - yes, he’s really going to be fine if he leaves - before he heads off down the hall. After he’s out of earshot, Tony says, “Sorry to interrupt. You go for a lot of runs?”
Steve punches him right in his smug fucking face. It doesn’t break Ty’s nose, sadly, but it does make him let go of Tony and reel back a few steps.
. Why do I keep racing you.”
Steve nods slowly. “I’d like that.”
“Ah,” Steve says, in a faux-casual voice that sets Tony more on edge than it probably should. “You got mentioned. It wasn’t a big thing.”
Flight, the wonder of it, along with the first glimpse of the sky in a long time. The crash, climbing out of a metal skeleton. Looking into the distance and seeing nothing but sand. That first step, and then the second. The thousandth step. The ten-thousandth. Walk or lie down and die, and even if you keep walking you might die anyway -
“Yes,” Steve says shortly. “It was nice of him. He’s a good friend to give me a book he liked. Can we talk about something else now? How are your window-plants doing?”
Steve watches him take another sip of - vodka, he thinks. Straight vodka, not mixed with anything. Tony barley grimaces when he sips, which probably isn’t a great sign.
Steve turns around, half to check if the person’s okay, half expecting an apology.
“He’s sticking around for a bit,” Steve says. “I don’t know if he can stay for dinner, though.”
“I don’t know,” he says. “You ever gonna resurface from the workshop?”
“What the hell did
“Hey,” Steve says. “The, uh, group dinner is happening tomorrow, by the way. I know you’re probably busy-”
“Are you okay,” Steve says. He says it quiet, just in case.
comes after the dinner, when Tony catches him in front of the elevator before Steve’s about to head up to bed.
It doesn’t get better from there. Every time Tony tries to speak up his Dad shouts him down, and when the mother tries to interject, she gets shouted down, too. Eventually Tony mentions that he has someone over and Mr. Stark’s voice starts getting closer and Tony’s increasingly worried voice follows.
,” Steve quotes. “
He gets rolled over about the same time that he fires full force into consciousness, and he twists to grip Rhodey’s forearms. “Pepper - Steve - where-”
“It was good to see you again, Captain Rogers.”
Sarah pauses in mid-chew for a second. She swallows. “Huh. That’s - nice of him,” she says slowly, and Steve is gratified to hear that she’s also uncomfortable about it. Rogers’ don’t take charity.
“Yeah?”
He makes another version of the arc reactor. He makes blueprints, sketches plans for more blueprints, sets out alternate plans for where he can go with green energy and foriegn aid efforts. He has dozens - hundreds, really - of smaller ideas on the backburner, waiting to get focused on.
“I’ll be back soon,” Steve tells him, and is getting up when Tony’s fingers graze his arm, a bad try at a grab.
“Basically.”
“Oh.” Tony doesn’t remember that, but it sounds like him.
“It’s not Shakespeare,” he says, “but it’ll do.”
That face only lasts a second, though, and then his face twitches back to normal.
“I’m good,” Steve says. “Sir. Actually, I was just about to head to bed. Excuse me.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, and shuts off the part of his brain that’s listing reasons why Rhodey might not actually give a shit about him and is just using Tony for personal gain. “I know.”
He’s barely made it halfway into the second when a car pulls up beside him. Steve ignores it, but then a voice is yelling his name and Steve looks to see Tony waving at him from -
“Yep.”
“This is what was in the airspace,” Steve asks.
“You didn’t have to do that.”
, Tony’s gonna fucking die here. The arc reactor is out and he can’t do shit about it. The paralytic has done something unpleasant that might be making his organs shut down, but that could also be Tony’s mind getting away from him, or the shock.
About a week before Tony is allowed to go home, he and Bruce are in the kitchen waiting for the coffee to boil when Bruce says, “So you’re reading Pablo Neruda now.”
He builds up a few H.G. Wells books as well as some pulpier science fiction for when he can’t concentrate too hard. He's given some Raymond Carver when he gets older, and a couple of Auden collections which he doesn’t expect to like as much as he ends up liking them. It’s nice - his Ma doesn’t like science fiction too much, or Carver, but they pass their copies of Auden around when they have the time. It’s something to share.
“Uh-huh,” Tony says. “You, too. Hey, with the tutoring-”
“Not yet,” Steve says. “Later, okay?”
“Oh, I’ve already read it.” Steve runs his hand over the cover. “I do like it, though. It’s-”
“You two have known each other a long time,” he says.
“Yeah, I let him in,” Tony says. “Dad, it’s
“Yeah, you weren’t visibly comfortable at all when we were holding hands in the hall.”
Coulson pauses, still staring, then turns to Tony like he’s just remembered he was in the room.
“Yes, men didn’t start having sex with each other until the fifties,” Steve says. He says it so dryly it takes Tony a second to realize he’s fucking with them. He wastes a good few seconds staring at Steve trying to puzzle out what the hell
“Where are you up to,” Tony asks, which is his usual method after talking about his childhood: immediately sidetrack at whatever cost.
Tony laughs. “Don’t worry about it.”
and actually means it, and Tony can’t imagine what Steve has been through, with the war and waking up seventy years later, but he’s intimately acquainted with the overwhelming feeling of being Incredibly Not Okay to the point where you can’t imagine anything past it and you truly believe you’re just going to be this fucked up for the rest of time. He’d been there not long ago and still slips back sometimes, and he knows Steve does too. They haven’t had enough time to be anything else.
“Not everyone can be Bilbo Baggins,” Steve says, making himself as serious as possible, hoping to get a laugh.
“Hi,” Steve says once everyone’s turned to look. “Uh, there’s a seat next to-”
Steve looks at him like he doesn’t know what to make of him.
“Toast duty hasn’t started yet.”
But it makes something shift in Cap’s face, and then Tony finds himself being invited inside.
Tony turns off his blowtorch. He pushes his goggles up his face.
“I don’t know how well I’m gonna take care of it,” he admits. “I’m, uh. Very green. Is that a term you use? Green?”
“I’m gonna go pee,” Steve announces. He’s not drunk enough for this conversation to be interesting.
There’s not much anyone can do during the surgery, but the team stays in the waiting room for all six hours until the doctor comes out and says they’ll be able to see Tony soon.
But Steve’s favourite book is definitely
Steve stares at him. He puts down his fork. “Oh god, you actually have a limo?”
“Yeah? What’re you reading?”
“I don’t need new shoes,” Steve insists. He shoves the new ones at Tony, who steps back.
Steve makes a noise not unlike a yelp and pulls away. He’s not sure what to say at first, and then he opens his mouth and “Dewdrop” comes out.
This fizzles out when Principal Fury emerges from the crowd, as measured as ever.
move in with a weird, rude billionaire who is up to something potentially dangerous that he won’t tell you about?
, Steve mouths. “He’s helping me with algebra.”
expression as Clint. “The poem.”
“It could.”
and leaves.
“-their hands, and they didn’t see me anyway-”
“I can rest at home,” Tony argues.
“Unofficially,” Steve says.
time watching-”
Two hours later, he’s still hungry. He’s hunched in a tiny chair next to a river, he’s properly baited the line, and he hasn’t had any nibbles for the last hour and a half.
Tony doesn’t have much of an answer for that.
“He seems kind,” Steve says.
“Yeah. I mean, not - not
people, but Ty is a sociopath.”
doesn’t know the depths of Ty’s antics. Omitting a lot of details, Fury gives them the low-down about how Fury has been looking for a chance to expel Ty, or at least force him to transfer schools, since sophomore year. It hasn’t been just school that Ty has been getting in trouble: there’s been trouble with police, even though all of it got smoothed over by some bribes to key people.
Tony follows dutifully, looking more uncomfortable than Steve has seen him.
“Huh. Shit.” Sam puts his phone away. “Makes sense, if Tolkien was writing about the war.”
He doesn’t read
Ty keeps looking at him like he’s the one being ridiculous. His shoulders shift as he glances around at the gathering crowd, then twitch, like a cornered animal. But then he’s stepping forwards and Steve braces.
Steve smiles and hopes he hasn’t just made a fool of himself. “You like Auden?”
“Yeah,” Steve says. “I didn’t - I couldn’t wrap it very well and I decided to just-”
Tony doesn’t look like he’s considered this, but he shrugs. “Alright, uhhhh. How about… dewdrop?”
“Uh, the author wrote some more books after this one,” Steve says. “They’re good. You’d like them, I think. Maybe it’d take you a while to get into them, but I think you’d like them. The ideas in them, anyway. I, uh, I miss you.”
, yeah. Hell yeah. Very, uh, educational.”
It’s a Pablo Neruda poem. The fact of this sets something off in Steve’s brain, because he’s heard of him and he’s definitely read a few poems by him, and what he knows about Pablo Neruda is -
“Uh.” Steve can’t bring himself to say
“You’re good here, Tones,” he says. “In Stardew.”
Steve snorts. When Tony looks over, Steve busies himself with getting a bowl out of the cupboard and cracking the eggs. Sarah clicks on the stove and then pauses, turning to Tony.
Tony sits back against the couch, folding his arms. “I don’t know any of you.”
“It’s okay,” Tony says. He stares out at the yard: the vegetable garden, the mower in the middle of the yawn, the rest of it yet to be mowed. “I, uh. Now that I think back on it, I did get - hints. The first
Another half hour later, Steve emerges into the lounge with a pinched expression.
“Sir,” Steve says. “Did you -
“It’s great.”
Their joint refusals get waved down. “Come on, it won’t take long and I’m making eggs on toast. Everyone loves a good old eggs on toast. In you come.”
The movie starts up. They make it thirty seconds in before Tony says, “I’m gonna send Pepper in to Obie soon.”
“Maybe,” Tony says.
match, not even the ones around the kitchen table, which also doubles as a laundry table. Steve tries to remember if they have laundry on it right now.
“I know!” She heads over to him, gives him the usual forehead kiss and hug. “Someone offered to take over my shift early. Bless those young ones. Tony, want to stay for dinner? We’re having meatloaf.”
“I mean I haven’t,” Steve says, and waits for Tony to crack that one open.
“Hi, babe,” Tony says, resting a hand on Steve’s arm.
Steve blinks at them for a second. Another text comes in.
“We were. Emphasis on
of drinking that night.
“I’m glad you stayed, by the way,” Steve says. He picks up a glass of lemonade from the porch, just beside his chair. “We thought you might get your fill of Stardew. Take off back to the city.”
“I can give them back at school-”
” Steve says. “Nothing I can’t handle. So can we just-”
whisper sweet nothings with Ty?”
“Your mom’s cool,” Tony says.
“I’m fine,” he says to Sam, who’s gotten out of his chair to help. Sam drops his hand but doesn’t step away.
He waves a hand towards the arc reactor, then at Steve, which he takes to mean as
“The,” Steve says, and has to swallow. His mouth is suddenly dry despite having Tony’s tongue in it. “The failsafe? The contract said - uh, no groping.”
, just-”
“What, no it won’t, there’s blood on the
“Carry on,” she tells him, and hands the book back.
Obie nods. Doesn’t try to touch him again. “Good. I’m glad. I want things to be good with us, Tony.”
Also in his head is a quote from The Book Thief. About Rudy, of course; about Rudy wanting a kiss from what Steve supposes had to be the love of his short life -
“There will be bandages somewhere!”
“Whenever works best for you.”
He waves at Happy. “You can come, but don’t crowd me, alright?”
, Steve thinks, and that’s even more distant. It still tastes like vodka, but Steve notices it less now. There are barely-there noises that he registers as the slick sounds of kissing, sounds that are only there in a few movies. Do they edit it out otherwise, like how voice actors’ breaths are edited out of their voice acting -
“What are the theatrical cuts like,” Steve asks somewhere during the third one.
“So are you two dating yet,” Sarah asks, and Steve is glad he doesn’t have egg in his mouth, because he would’ve choked.
“Sounds good. Can I buy you things?”
“Half an hour, tops,” he says.
He falters. Runs a hand through his hair, at which point Steve has a flash of memory of Tony running his hand through Steve’s hair.
“I had other things to do,” Steve says. “And it kept getting longer. What’s Lord of the Rings?”
Bucky hums, turns a page.
Tony mumbles something, then lapses back into unconsciousness.
and some new, satisfyingly pulpy science fiction, which slowly loses some appeal as he encounters more real-life versions of it in HYDRA. He himself is science fiction, he supposes. That takes some fun out of reading about fantastical inventions and futuristic cities.
“Huh. He like it?”
Steve waits until Tony’s settled back into the Tower and isn't in danger of sending himself back to the hospital, then heads to his room.
“Uh-huh,” Tony says. He looks at the cover. “Auden. Saucy. What’re you up to?”
Rhodey shoves him and Steve can’t even be mad about it. They
Steve straightens. Ty hasn’t left this time, instead he’s standing there like he’s waiting for something. Steve so badly wants to give it to him.
The elevator doors slide open again and Steve cranes his head back to see Tony and Bucky come into the lounge. Bucky, like he often is when Tony is around, is watching bemusedly as Tony talks about his metal arm.
“You can propose at graduation.”
Tony snorts. When he starts walking, Steve falls in step beside him.
“It’s
and reaches out, squeezing Tony’s shoulder. Tony determinedly doesn’t flinch, but it’s an effort.
Tony’s more coherent after that day, which is good, because it means he stops trying to take his IV out every time he wakes and remembers, again, that it’s there. Granted, he only does this because whenever he wakes up there’s someone in his room glaring at him and telling him not to, but still.
They arrive the night of the bi-monthly dinner, and they get welcomed with the enthusiasm that Tony has gotten used to, but Pepper and Rhodey are irritatingly less phased by than Tony expected. They keep rolling with it, and every time Tony looks over expecting them to be politely not widening their eyes at all the mentions of fishing and domesticity, the slow, hard work and farm life, they’re nodding like all of this is perfectly normal.
“Don’t,” Steve says, pointing a finger in Bucky’s face, “Tell me
Steve shakes his head. “No, it’s - it’s fine. You’re fine.”
Tony’s face probably does something. Obie’s definitely does, though it all happens behind his usual friendly blankness.
“Forever, in my case.” Tony’s hands itch for a scotch, any kind of booze really. Why doesn’t he have a bar in this room? “Uncle Obie,” he continues, and hesitates.
“My Ma died about five years back,” Steve says.
She takes in Tony’s disheveled workout clothes. “I see you’ve been giving him some pointers, Steve.”
Tony’s head jerks towards him. “Yeah?”
“My last copy - my first copy, I guess - my, uh, Ma gave it to me. She wrote something in it. So, uh. Thanks again for the offer, but I don’t think even a copy Tolkien’s signature can replace that one.”
Steve looks over at them and tries to picture Tony as he was in college - he was young when he came in, around 14. Steve doesn’t actually know when he graduated, and when he left after getting all the postgrad degrees. He’s seen some pictures - ones which Rhodey had showed gleefully as Tony tried to destroy them - of Tony at 14 and Rhodey at 18, when they had been rooming together at MIT. Tony had looked a lot like he did when he was in the workshop - a baggy hoodie and sweatpants, none of the flash and glamour that the world would associate with Tony later. It was easy to imagine that kid lying in bed vibrating with excitement over some obscure
“I would,” Natasha says, “But if I’m going to watch 12 hours of movies I want to watch movies where the men to women ratio is more than 50 to 1.”
“O...kay,” Tony says, and Steve answers the question before it can get asked.
“Sounds like he’s got the
After Tony and Steve grappling next - Steve had been appalled about Tony having no training right up until Tony had said
They meet up on the football field after school to go over the details. Steve sits down on the grass and after a moment Tony sits, too.
“Quiet,” Steve says. He takes five steps and is in the vegetable garden, where he starts plucking tomatoes off of their vines. “I’m gonna make lunch, then work on a commission for someone in Ohio. Oh, also, I - should be finished with your soon.”
Tony does a careful - okay, semi-careful - lap around the ceiling of the workshop.
“Yeah,” Tony says.
Steve gets a few more hits in and receives a few back before Bucky can pull Ty off, at which point the fight ends when Tony runs up and brings his foot down hard on Ty’s groin.
frowny face,” Natasha says, leaning over Bucky to take his chin in her hand and squeeze. Steve lets her do it for three squeezes, then bats her hand away.
Some days are better than others, but Steve hasn’t had a day like this in months. The first six or so after the ice had been like he was experiencing things with a sheet of glass between him and the world, able to see things but unable to interact with them properly. He’d learned some helpful words about this from the therapist he’d been ordered to see - words like
Easy, Steve realizes. This, too, has become easy - no leftover nerves. His team is no longer new, their dynamics are becoming familiar and comforting. He knows what everyone is like in the mornings, what they have in their coffee. He can mostly predict how they’ll react if he says something, and more often than not he knows what people need when they’re hurting.
“Yep,” Tony says. His fingernail is still bleeding.
“I think
They jump apart. Steve waves at the security guard who’s staring them down.
book,” Bucky says after a moment.
“Not really,” Tony mutters.
Steve looks at him. Tony shrugs.
“Are they good,” Steve asks. “The books in the series? How many are there?”
“Of course not,” Fury says. “Tiberius has just decided that this isn’t the best place for him to finish his high school education. His
“So you…” Steve skims a finger over one of them. It looks like some Good Will Hunting shit. “Decided to get started on your college degree in Math-That-Hasn't-Been-Officially-Invented?”
“Tony, uh, got me new ones,” Steve says. “After I cut my shoe open last night.”
Steve shifts on the spot. Folds his arms, then unfolds them and puts his hands in his pockets. He glances back at the door.
“You can chop,” Steve says. “Great. You know how to make a salad?”
He opens the book.
They glare at each other. A hundred things surge up in Steve -
He reaches into the lawnmower, screws in something that had come loose, then starts it up. The lawnmower roars to life.
“No promises,” Steve tells her.
“The way I understand it,” Fury says, “This was between Steve and Tiberius. Steve threw the first punch, but it sounds like Ty seriously needed it. And the rest of you just joined in to stop it.”
“I don’t like anyone right now, alright,” Tony says. “If I fake-date someone, we’ll be on the same page and we won’t break up until the problem’s solved. If I was to actually date someone, there’d be too many variables. So, are you in or not?”
“He’s up and talking,” Rhodey says. “I don’t exactly have clearance for this kind of information, but Obie found out and - well, he didn’t tell me, but I was in the right place at the right-”
Tony takes in the view. It’s still strange, all this land rolling out into the distance - no tall buildings, nothing to puncture the horizon, all of it just going on and on. It’s strange, but Tony is getting used to it, and even if he wasn’t - he still likes it. He likes a lot of things about living here.
“Among other things,” Steve says. “How hungry are you?”
,” Tony says. He’s almost vibrating on the spot, squirming with the effort of holding it in. “But the books are better.”
Tony nods, typing it in.
Tony kisses him. Steve’s eyes close automatically. Tony tastes of vodka again, or maybe something else, but definitely alcohol. He’s a lot more handsy than he was in the laundry room, touching Steve’s chest and waist and heading downwards -
“Quoting poetry,” Bruce says, nodding. “With absolutely none of the implications that usually come with that.”
Tony does the smallest of double takes, then goes back to examining the house they’re walking up to.
Steve almost says
“This should be interesting,” Steve says, and sighs.
He talks about all of it with Tony. He talks about it with whoever’s also read the book, which is usually at least one other person, but whenever he gets into a new book he looks forward to talking it over with Tony.
He steps off the pad and turns to Steve.
“You want in?”
Damn. So close to getting out unscathed.
Tony slaps a hand on his arm. “I thought you would. Little guy taking on impossible odds for no reason other than he can and should.”
Pepper is only partly into a frown before her face smooths out again. “Well. There’s the subject matter, but-”
“He can stay,” he says. “Right?”
Bucky shoots him a look as he comes out - apron donned but otherwise looking like he’s just walked in off the street without brushing his hair or showering or putting on clean clothes - to clear plates from the next table.
He laughs. “You brought the limo today. Great.”
Tony blows out a breath. “Eh. I have my chickens.”
“Dewdrop.”
“It’s yours. I finished it.”
gift - but he seems pretty determined to keep your feet dry. I say we let him.”
“Don’t you
Tony’s gaze flickers up at him like Steve’s caught him out on something. He rubs some more at his beard.
“They’re not gonna make me start seeing - I don’t know, Ronald Regan doing the chicken dance while the world melts around me, right,” Tony asks when the AF guy holds them out.
“Hey,” he asks Natasha. “Is there anything around Stardew that needs to be fixed?”
“I’m holding,” Tony says, instead of
“Yep.” Tony tips his drink to his mouth. It’s empty, but it’s something to do and he suddenly wants to hide his face. He wishes he still wore sunglasses as much as he used to.
“Hey. How’re you doing?”
She falters when she turns and spots Tony.
Steve repeats it.
“It shouldn’t be too hard,” Tony says.
Right to business, then.
, but then he looks at the guy’s face, which is as wary as his voice.
“You’ve
should say to that.
or the usual bullshit that Tony gets from guys who were around in the 40s, but the guy just stands there looking uncomfortable and tense.
weird. Just.” Tony rubs his towel over the last fork. “Okay, we were kind of good together.”
, is good enough fodder to not be talkative for a while.
“Hey,” Steve says. “We never, uh. We never did kiss in public. Properly kiss, not just cheek-kisses.”
“Ha, ha. I still haven’t forgiven you for making me find out what that is,” Steve says. “No, it’s not a furry commission, and no, I’m not doing those.”
“Wow.” Tony leans back in his chair. It’s a rocking chair, because of
“Maybe if we get a big band-aid-”
“Don’t blackmail Ty.”
means? Does he even know what
means? - then there’s movement behind Tony and Steve’s legs are hugging Tony’s waist.
“Have you tried getting a restraining order?”
Steve’s lips twitch. “Black is fine,” he says. “Hand me a nail, please.”
“Good actor,” Tony says again, and pockets his phone.
“I don’t like him,” Steve says instantly.
good at outlasting Tony’s bullshit.
because people stole things from his actual room, and Jarvis might care more about Tony than either of his parents do, even if he seems at a loss at how to help his situation -
Both of them blink in it for a moment, and then their gazes zero in on Steve’s foot. There’s blood, but not a lot of it - it’s not half as bad as Steve had thought it had been at that first burst of pain.
“Yeah?”
She opens her eyes almost immediately. Her gaze is tired, but expectant.
“Guys. Since when did doing the dishes not involve putting them away?”
“Thanks,” Steve says.
“Why would it be a dig at you,” Steve says, and before Tony can answer, Steve says, “We wouldn’t have to - do anything, right?”
“Wow. Already?”
Wordlessly, Natasha nudges a bag of M&Ms into his shoulder.
“Eh,” Tony says. “You’re here now. I forgive you.”
“Uh-huh,” Steve says, instead of
“What? Shit.” Steve turns back to Tony, who is indeed pawing at his IV. Steve pushes Tony’s hand away and keeps it pressed against the bedsheets.
There’s his mailbox, and the window he repaired after a storm broke it during springtime, and there’s the exact shade of wood, and how everything looks in the springtime, there’s the stump and the path leading from the porch - it looks like something taken out of Tony’s memory from not very long ago, something that will come around again soon.
“It’s fine,” Steve says, and means it. He’s just glad Tony showed.
He’s idly coming up with a mental blueprint of the repulsors - one in each palm - as he hacks into a gym’s security cameras and watches Captain America break three punching bags, one after the other. He pays for them, because of course he does. Then he comes back the next day and breaks another couple punching bags. Rinse, repeat.
“Can we lose most of the pet names,” Steve asks.
Tony forces his shutting-down body to turn his head and look at Obie. Or, more accurately, slump his head in Obie’s direction and move his eyes so he’s looking into Obie’s face again. Obie is smiling, calm and satisfied, and claps him on the shoulder like a full stop,
“Sure,” Cap says after a moment where he seems to struggle for a reply.
He takes another look around the farm, all these things he’s done with his hands.
When Sarah comes home, Steve and Tony are on the couch, sitting close enough to each other that their knees are overlapping.
Again, Steve looks relieved. “Sure.”
“You won’t,” Steve says easily. “Those kind of mushrooms are a while off. Gotta make a trek if you want those. Anyway, it was good talking to you. I hope you get settled in soon.”
“Mr. Stark,” Coulson says, and Tony tunes back in.
He fixes the creak in the rocking chair before he leaves. Steve says he doesn’t have to, but Tony waves him off. He likes walking through Stardew and seeing all the stuff he’s fixed. Makes him feel like he’s a part of something.
“Whoa, okay,” Tony says, averting his eyes. Steve does the same. His skin is humming.
“You’re in no condition!”
“Nice,” Tony repeats under his breath. “Cool. Nice is - good. Nice is nice. Okay!”
He holds out the present he’d been keeping in his lap through dinner.
“Don’t talk about exes on the first date, Steve, God.” Tony taps something into the contract, then shows Steve:
“You too, Sir.”
He eats the chocolate bar.
“Good,” Steve agrees through a mouthful of eggs. He keeps his eyes on his plate. Sarah definitely wants to ask more, so Steve gives her the most subtle pleading look he can manage.
“Why me,” Steve says.
if you want that. To borrow. Which, now that I’m saying it, I feel like you probably won’t, since you already own your own copy. Actually, just ignore-”
“Whh,” Tony says, and wets his lips. They’re very dry.
“I’m sure.”
“Read faster,” Tony tells him.
, Jesus, what’d Obie do?
She approaches again, more cautious this time. “You never know. Could go well. I think he really likes you, too.”
, but he wants something more than he’s got.
“You don’t go to these things a lot, huh,” Tony asks as they close in on the front door.
He leans back against the couch, lets his head fall back.
“Shoes,” Tony says, like
Steve picks up his shoe and puts a finger through the new hole. It’s a lot bigger than the gash in his foot, which is both lucky and unlucky.
He glances over at Steve, who is digging into Tony’s shepard’s pie. He doesn’t look concerned, so Tony continues, “Virgina, Ferdinand, Henrietta, Mary, Kit and Steve Jr.”
“God, that would be great. Imagine her
“Ty,” Tony says. He’s smiling, but his face is screaming
“You weren’t
Tony’s smile dims. “Hey-”
Tony nods. Hesitates. Puts a hand on Steve’s arm, but only for a second. He looks - upset. He’s hiding it, but Steve knows him now.
“How was it,” he says.
Steve tilts the cover towards him and he makes an approving noise.
“Ouch,” Tony mutters. Then, louder, “I could help you with your algebra. If that’s something you’re having problems with.”
Tony thanks him and starts undoing the wrapping. It’s not a fancy wrapping job, which Tony is grateful for - all he has to do is move things out of the way and there’s the painting, already framed, which is nice of Steve.
“Tourists are my main customers, anyway,” Natasha says when Tony finally asks her about why she helped him learn how to fish rather than directing him to her shop. “Also, sabotaging your fishing would probably be harder in the long run than helping you out. Besides, you say you’re sticking around. Might as well be friendly.”
One time she walks up behind him while he’s reading this poem and he slams it shut like he’s been caught gawking at a pin-up girl. He has to show her the book to prove to her he hasn’t been doing just that and she takes the book of poems and looks at him with a gaze that threatened softness, but didn’t give fully into it.
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up as he makes his way around the table to stand in front of Steve. “You made me something?”
“It’s alright,” Tony says, and when Steve gives him a look that clearly shows he doesn’t buy it: “You get used to it.”
No. That’d just give her fodder, and as far as Steve’s concerned, Tony was just looking for comfort. It seems like the kind of thing he’d do, looking for comfort in strange places. He dated
“You should be in AP,” Steve says.
They won’t let him out of the hospital after Tony wakes up, even with all the money he offers the doctors.
Steve kicks him under the table. “We’re not that bad.”
Steve snorts. Effort. Right.
Steve sets down his algebra homework, gets out a pen, says, “So?”
He digs in his pocket and brings out a pocket protector.
, but in a great way. It-”
“We’re being conspicuous,” he says. “Laugh at something I said.”
He reads it to her in those last few days, after the doctors tell him the only thing to do is to make her comfortable. Steve does his best - loads her up with all the blankets he can find and makes soup as hearty as he can, which is still pretty thin. And he sits by her bed and starts:
Steve snorts, then breaks into a laugh. “I’m not laughing at you,” he says. “Just-”
him, or-”
,” he says, and when that gets him twin unimpressed looks: “It’s five minutes. It was my expedition after it got passed down. I should get to see what it turned up. Five minutes,” he repeats when Pepper tries to keep talking.
“You want a sequel to Titanic that goes into Rose’s life,” he says.
Tony turns. It's worth Jerry yelling at them again.
Next to him, Happy looks like he’s about to have an aneurysm, but doesn’t want to let it show. Tony knows how he feels, but he’s hiding it better.
,” he repeats.
It’s fun. It reminds Steve vaguely of art school, except they’re discussing poems instead of paintings.
“Where to,” Happy says from the front seat. He’s been especially chatty today, like he’s trying to lighten the mood.
Later, Steve can’t pinpoint the moment that Tony ends up staying for dinner, but he thinks it starts with Sarah asking Tony about himself from the kitchen - how did he and Steve meet, how did Tony get so good at algebra, why does he like it, where does he live - and Tony keeps giving startlingly polite answers.
“Right,” Tony says. “No, we know. Uh. Does anyone want coffee?”
“Because they’re expensive?”
It’s met with a series of groans and headshakes.
And so starts the poetry. Tony throws him poetry collections in the workshop and Steve catches them one by one: Mary Oliver, who Steve reads when he’s feeling calm and nice, or when he wants to feel calm and nice. Robert Frost, who Steve and Tony both grew up with, who is easy to get back into. Sylvia Plath - Steve can appreciate her, she’s certainly impactful, but he draws the line at all the Nazi imagery. And some Richard Siken, who is a lot different than what he’s used to, and conjures up emotions Steve doesn’t really know what to do with, so he doesn’t read him much. He’ll stick to Mary Oliver and feel calm and nice and, okay, maybe a little longing.
“You still have the Ferrari?”
“Yup.”
“Right,” Steve says. He gets out his phone, gives it to Tony, and takes Tony’s phone to type his own number in. When the phones are handed back, Steve has Tony’s number under the contact name ‘BF <3.’
doing, Cap?”
“Ms. Neid -
There’s a thread of stress under his voice.
got back, give me a minute,” Tony says. Then, “I had a burger for the first time in three months. Good, hearty, American burger. Best one of my life.”
“No! That sounds - sure, come help me make a scarecrow,” Tony says. “How’s 1pm?”
you.”
when that city is New York.
Tony blinks rapidly. His eyes are very shiny.
understanding of groping is misguided.”
“Thanks, Pep.” He waits until the door closes behind her, then says, “I gotta say, this is impressive. Even I believe I’m not Iron Man.”
Jerry nods. “Hey Steve. Your face is all busted up, you been fighting again? Thought you stopped.”
“Ah, nothing important. Wanted to see how my guy was doing.”
He waits. Obie does, too, but then he gives a yawn and says, “Well! Good to see you taking care of yourself, at least. Off to bed with you.”
“Uhhhh.” Tony tries to remember his list. “Well, I need to fix everything up first - the chicken coop, especially. I gotta built a silo and a greenhouse. I gotta learn how to - do fertilizer, and plant crops, and where to put them and why you put them there, and also where to get chickens, and how to, uh. Have chickens around. And - everything, basically.”
Tony says, “So, I’ll just-”
Tony turns to look where Steve’s pointing. Just under the laundry machine is a jagged piece of metal, only accessible if you stick your foot a little under the machine, which Steve - yeah, okay, Steve had been doing. There’s a sliver of blood on the end of the metal point.
He stays awake until he crashes or until Pepper comes down to check on him or Obie texts him or Rhodey calls. He eats when he remembers and tries to stay hydrated enough that he doesn’t get headaches, and tries to work on a thousand different things at once, all the while with the suit in the back of his head.
, which Steve gets the wrong way around when he picks up the first one thinking it’s the second one and doesn’t realize for an embarrassingly long time - and then
The couple apologize, but they take a while to get enough coordination to get themselves out the door and close it behind them.
“OI! YOU TWO, QUIT CANOODLING AND GET TO CLASS!”
Life in Stardew Valley continues.
“I appreciate it,” Tony says. He climbs off the table, bends down for his shirt.
“I’m after Bruce,” he says, pulling out a chair at the table and sitting down.
Tony tinkers with whatever he had been blowtorching - a gear, maybe. It looks gear-like.
He sends a text off to Rhodey -
He gestures hard at Steve, then at the shoes. Then he turns around and strides for the door, only pausing long enough to say, “Thank you for breakfast, it was great,” to Sarah, and “I’ll see you at school,
“Stuff?”
“I’ll just get one.”
Tony’s getting eggs ready for transport into town when he gets a text from Steve, asking if he can come around. Tony sends back
He gets out his phone and Googles Errol Flynn.
. It’s better than him getting in trouble for fighting, but still -
Tony glances over again. Steve is still watching the screen, his eyes trained on it with such intense dedication that it implies he’s not actually paying attention.
Tony eyes him. He’s in a hospital cot, and only because Rhodey begged him to get into it after they got out of the helicopter and onto the base. He’s had 16 hours of uninterrupted sleep since they dragged him out of the desert and he’s fine. He’s really, truly
“How’s the farm going,” Bucky asks as he picks up the fork with the hand that’s not holding the sandwich.
Obie keeps smiling. “A week! Must’ve been pretty soon after Tony got back.”
A fisherman - or woman, he supposes - Natasha, guides him through the process of killing a fish the most painless way, and how to store them properly, and where to get the best fish other than her store. She doesn’t seem that concerned with Tony getting his own fish rather than buying hers, which strikes Tony as bizarre, but the vibe he’s getting from these people is that they genuinely do want to help him out, not because of any big reason, but just because Stardew Valley is that kind of town.
,” Tony chants, and Steve groans into the rain and then heads for the limo. Tony’s just finished shuffling down into the next seat when Steve climbs in, shutting the door behind him and grimacing at how much he’s dripping.
Tony gets to work. He starts simple: he clears out the house, then gets to work clearing the excess brush. There’s a lawnmower in a shed out back, thank god. There’s also some miscellaneous tools that Tony makes a note to Google later. He recognizes a hoe and a trowel and not much else.
“Oh, always.” Tony beams at him. “I was born to be in front of cameras.”
“Mm,” Steve says. “I’m gonna go do some more homework in my room.”
“I bet.” Cap won’t stop looking at him. He only seems to notice this when Tony raises his eyebrows, at which point Steve hastily drops his gaze and starts drinking his coffee.
,” Tony hisses, “Of being, of being
“Juice,” Steve says. “I just realized I never offered you anything. We have water or juice.”
Ty flinches as he rounds the corner.
Steve squeezes his hand hard. Tony squeezes it back, and then they’re in a squeezing battle to see who gives in first, which Tony relents faster than Steve expects.
“Apparently,” Steve says.
“JARVIS. Where’s Steve?”
by 3,” Steve says.
“Sure - yeah, sure.” Tony nods, with more surprise than Steve would’ve expected. “I’d love some meatloaf.”
“Wow,” Tony says after a pregnant silence. “That sounded way more pathetic out loud than it did in my head.”
“Cool,” Steve repeats under his breath, and is jolted from his worries when the bus pulls over at their stop. “Come on, sometimes the next bus comes when this one parks.”
for it later, and by
Tony shifts from foot to foot. “Hey, I was just going down to my workshop. I could use someone to bounce ideas off while I’m down there. Nothing important, just what colours I should use. Could use someone with an artist’s eye.”
Steve watches Tony’s face - he’s drifting in and out of consciousness, and it does look like he’s on his way out.
“Alright,” he says.
Natasha nods towards a casserole. It looks about as good as Tony’s, which is to say, very obviously done by someone who doesn’t cook much.
Steve stands in the doorway for a while, watching him breathe. Then he goes down the hall to bed.
Tony thinks, and starts formulating what he’s going to do next.
I’m drenched, that’s why I can’t get in, I’ll ruin-”
He takes the book with him whenever he moves. He stores it somewhere safe. When he gets into Eriskine’s experiment, he almost leaves it behind - something to come back to - but changes his mind when he runs his fingers over Ma’s inscription. He takes it, leaves the rest of his books behind, and instead reads books with titles like
Steve clears his throat. “Right. Where were we?”
It reads:
“Oh.” Tony blinks at him, his expression going near distrust. “You’re… turning the money down?”
Steve snorts. “Yeah, Sam isn’t gonna get you in if the chef is out sick.”
“Okay. Anything else? We can add on as we go, if we need to.”
Saturday rolls around and Steve is waiting outside the apartment when a very shiny car pulls up to the curb.
He gestures at the blanket and the bowl.
The others watch this exchange with expressions that Tony likes to call
“Yeah? Great. Iron Man could use a sidekick.”
“Uh-huh.”
he means Pepper is going to reach that same pitch she’d hit when Tony had said he was headed towards cardiac arrest.
Huh. This guy’s seen Tony grow up, then. No wonder he’s so protective.
“Yeah! I mean - sure, if you want to show me.”
“I could literally buy you a hundred of these shoes, every day, for the rest of our lives, and it wouldn’t make a dent on me. Okay? This isn’t - I just want - just
Steve’s hand flexes around his coffee cup. “Remind me to tell you embarrassing things about Bucky later.”
Ty’s smile turns dismissive. He laughs. “What?”
“Steve,” Sarah says. “I think we’re beaten. He gave you a gift - okay, an
“Very surreal,” Tony says after a while.
He gives Steve his number. Steve has a cellphone, and neither of them comment on that, which Steve seems grateful for. Steve texts him so Tony will have his number -
Tony rolls his eyes as Happy launches himself from the driver’s seat and comes around Tony’s side of the car.
Bucky puts the water down and flicks to the first page, skimming down it until he snorts. “
“I’m an idiot,” he says.
Steve keeps staring. When all she does is put the shoe down and keep eating her eggs, he says, “Who are you and what’d you do with Ma?”
Steve gives another laugh. He runs his hands through his ruined hair and looks out over the city, all those lights, then back at Tony and his suit.
“Nope. All me.”
, Tony’s jaw locks. For a moment his smooths out into something that reminds Steve of that one time someone called Rhodey the n-word and Tony had made the guy cry with two sentences.
“Sounds good,” Steve repeats.
“What use is it being this rich if I can’t even break myself out of hospital,” Tony complains to everyone that has gathered in his room.
“No.”
“Not sure. I left it with the rest of my stuff after I went with the Army, and then - well.”
“This must be important for you to make this your first stop before going home,” she says.
, he doesn’t say.
“I didn’t have any friends, either. Not until Bucky. But before that…” Steve shrugs. “You’re not pathetic.”
it?” Tony says, but ups the pace as they head for the next bus, which has indeed pulled up as their last bus had.
“Right,” Tony says. “Seriously though, what else is off limits?”
he looks. It’s only for a second, then Cap is pulling a blank face on, but for that second Cap looks like he’s lived through all that time he spent in the ice. Oh god, was he
“Yeah,” Steve says.
. He barely thinks on The Hobbit until a moment of panic as the doors close on him just before the experiment starts. He breathes in hard and shaky through his teeth and reaches for the first thing that comes to mind, trying to ground himself.
Steve stares down at him.
will be kept in a drawer, safe but accessible, so he can get at it anytime and open the cover and run his fingers over the letters his Ma pressed into the paper.
“Yeah, I got it,” Tony says. “Yaucht, right.” He flips through the cards. “There’s nothing about Stane here.”
thought he was nice,” Sarah calls, and Steve turns around out of the sheer wrongness of that statement.
” he says as he types it in. “Anything else? No petting? No fondling?”
He’s quiet and thoughtful when he gets home, and spends a few hours reading
“Uh,” Tony says when too long has passed and the guy is looking expectant. “That obvious?”
are giving him those annoying knowing looks.
“Hey,” he snaps. “Get your hands off him.”
Sarah shrugs. “He kept checking your reactions.”
Tony lifts his head off of Steve’s shoulder.
“Fair,” Clint says. “Sam?”
“Kinda,” Artist Farm guy says. “This is a notoriously bad spot to fish. You’ll have better luck five minutes up the river.”
“Go ahead,” Tony says, eyes on whatever the hologram in front of him is.
“Mostly just me,” Tony says after a moment. “Mom’s around for the next few months, probably.”
“I am,” Steve says. He glances over at Tony. “You alright?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says.
“Shit. Sorry.”
He pauses. Tilts the painting a little. “No-one’s ever made me anything before.”
Pepper hums in agreement. “I thought you were exaggerating about Steve, but he’s the prettiest man I’ve met in a long time.”
Pepper strokes a finger down Ferdinand’s neck. She looks out of place in her pencil skirt and white shirt, but she doesn’t seem to care. “You should get silkies next. They’re the fluffy ones-”
“He was jonesing for it.”
“Yeah.” Rhodey rubs a hand over his mouth. “We, uh. We found Captain America.”
“It obviously DOES, because look!” Tony grabs the sheet and scribbles out the workings, then the answer. “I just did it!”
“Got it,” Steve says. “Uh, would you like to help with lunch, or-”
Cap blinks. He smiles, but it’s just as tense as his shoulders.
“You need the calories,” is all Clint says.
The noise is back now. There’s a bass beat thumping through the house.
“Aw,” Ty says. He doesn’t stop stroking Tony’s face, even as Tony unfreezes and tries to pull back. “You don’t know what Tony likes.”
That’s a surprise. Tony doesn’t ask why he knows.
“You read my mind, Rogers.”
like him like Steve is finally daring to think he might.
There’s still a lot of maintenance to do, and Tony slowly crosses things off his (intimidatingly large) to-do list. Clear up the entire goddamn farm: check. Fix the chicken hut: check, apart from replacing the rusted chicken wire. Learn how to chop wood effectively: check. Get the equipment and materials to build a silo and a greenhouse: check. BUILD the greenhouse and silo - ongoing.
“Thanks,” Steve says quietly. His hand twitches in his lap like he’s going to cover Tony’s hand, which is still on his knee. “Hey, uh. Tony, I...”
Tony fires up the repulsors again. “Hold on tight, spidermonkey,” he says, and takes off.
“Whitman.”
Steve makes a face like he’s remembered that there are
“I do.” Tony grins back. “
“Damn right,” Tony says. “Let’s get me home.”
“How badly is your shoe torn,” Sarah asks.
Tony looks up, then quickly back down. “Sounds good. How about Octavia E. Butler? Her work can be a bit, uh. Disturbing. But in a
“Yeah, I feel great.” Tony tries to force his heartbeat to slow the fuck down.
“Why! Now you know a character you like ends up fine! Be glad I don’t tell you about Frodo.”
Bucky picks up a sandwich a customer hadn’t finished, cuts around the bite mark and lets that bit fall to the plate, then starts eating the rest of the sandwich. When Steve and Tony make twin faces of disgust, he starts chewing with his mouth open.
“Well, here I am,” Tony says. “Doing fine.”
“Huh,” he says.
An evening not long after, Steve walks into his room to find Bucky sitting on his bed, reading
“I don’t get how you can eat that stuff,” Rhodey says, pointing a fork (also brought from home, like his lunch) at Sam’s food.
.” Steve makes an anguished face.
Cap rubs his thumb along the rim of his cup, the motion so small Tony almost doesn’t catch it.
Steve hesitates. Tony watches him.
Tony nods and tries not to feel weird about holding a box of living creatures, all of whom are peeping adorably. “I’ll let you know.”
Tony realizes his mouth is hanging open. He closes it.
Tony takes it.
“Nope!” Tony gets the suit to start assembling around him. “You’re staying out of this, this is my problem.”
“It’s not-” Tony puts a textbook over that half of the page. “You’re supposed to be focusing. Focus.”
“And I know we’re fake-breaking up, but-” he stops. Thinks back to Ty touching Tony’s face, the way Tony had frozen up for a few seconds. Ty is 100% the kind of guy to pressure people into things they don’t want to do, and he probably did that to some extent to Tony, and now Steve is standing here realizing he might be doing the same fucking thing - Tony’d been grabbed less than an hour ago, he won’t be in the right headspace to want to kiss Steve even if he
“And that’s great,” Pepper says. “But you have-”
“It’s my job, you’re telling me I don’t need to do my job? You just got kidnapped-”
After Tony leaves, Sarah says, “He was nice.”
Steve probably shouldn’t find it endearing, but he does. He’d be concerned, but this has been pretty par for the course, Tony-wise.
“Well, if that’s what everyone thinks.”
Steve and Tony get dropped off at home and they head straight for the workshop. Iron Man is running on every news outlet, but Tony doesn’t think about that as he stares at Mark II. He’s already formulating new versions.
It niggles at the back of Steve’s head in a way that doesn’t feel unlike unease, but Steve pushes that away before it can register.
Ty smiles. It’s just as slimy as every fucking smile Steve’s seen out of the guy before now, and he’s so,
He takes a chance.
There’s a test coming up in Algebra, so Tony comes over the next day. He sits on the bus like he’s never been on one before, and this turns out to be the case when Steve asks him.
, Tony thinks distantly, which is embarrassing. Obviously the quaint Stardew life has rubbed off on him faster than he expected.
, but he doesn’t think it’d be appreciated. Instead he tells Steve to go easy and that JARVIS will send him to bed if he’s still around in three hours, then heads to the workshop.
“That sounds like the worse excuse in the world,” Sam says, then when Rhodey starts to protest: “No, I one hundred percent believe you, man. I’m just saying, if anyone else said it-”
“I can,” Steve says. “But I’ll have to stop eventually.”
“So,” Tony says. “I drew up a contract- what, why the laughing?”
face, as Steve likes to think of it.
“Honeybear,” Tony says as a hello.
“I’m not that sad for you,” Rhodey says.
“Looking forward to the press conference,” Steve asks after hour three of ‘sitting on the couch watching movies, no you can’t work on anything, you can have one day where you don’t work on anything, JARVIS lock the workshop please.’
sue,” Steve says. “I don’t sue. How would I sue you?”
“Can you stand-”
Steve suddenly needs to wipe his hands on his jeans again. “Would… you want that?”
He re-reads his collection of Auden when he gets home, and when he goes to bed that night he’s still thinking about it, the painting and Tony’s voice close to him like a secret.
Tony’s head swims with nervous energy. He wants to - do something for this guy, because he just seems so lost in his bare apartment, his shoulders squared, his expression measured and very obviously faux-calm, the calm that’s hiding something.
“It’s not that I’m not comfortable,” Tony says. “I. Uh. I guess I can talk about it now that I know that you know. Not
