Dean felt like a piece of him had been ripped away again, why had Cas left? Why would he, did someone snatch him away from Ash, from him? Did he not want them anymore, but what about last night, their time in the cabin between the worlds, did it cause Cas to bolt? These thoughts swirled through his head, Ash and him clinging to each other like a life line. Dean hears Ash, give a small, weary laugh, “Dean Sweetie, you still are about the loudest thinker I have ever met.” Dean looked at her, so she still had telepathy even with Cas gone. He felt this pit in his stomach, he was trying, seriously trying not to freak out, trying not to lash out, he wanted to but the person he wanted to lash out at wasn’t here.
“Good morning, Bubbie, how did you sleep last night?” she asked. “Oh just fine, it got a little loud a few times, must have been a storm last night.” Sam teased. It had the desired effect though, Ash was blushing and smiling when she said, “I just wanted to say hi and bye before we got ready for work, it’s Thursday and they want us to work a double tonight so Cas and I will probably just crash at the apartment tonight instead of driving all the way back. Sweetie do you mind driving us in to work? Besides aren’t you two heading to meet up with Eileen in Kentucky?”
He broke the kiss with moan of his own, “Ash we need to get home now, get back in Baby, buckle up and hold on because I’m not going the speed limit to the bunker. If we stay here very much longer, I’m going to have to throw you on the car hood and make love to you right here.” Dean growled. “Ok.”, was Ash’s only reply. She did exactly what Dean told her to do and by the time Dean was buckled in they were flying down the highway at about 95 miles an hour or better. Thankfully for them no one stopped them for speeding.
Dean then felt Ash step up next to the lady and swing their arm to hit the loud mouth. The hit lands and it lands hard, right on the red heads jaw. Dean then heard the whole bar make a collective, “ow that had to hurt”.  The red head staggered back, grabbed her jaw and then lunged for Ash. Dean was right there to stop her, giving her a look that made her stop dead in her tracks and back away with her hands up in surrender. Then the bartender yelled, “Take that out of here.” Dean saw Ash look at the man and said, “We were just leaving, come on babe.” She threw a 50 dollar bill on the bar and took Dean’s hand and started pulling him to the door.
Dean:
Cas, gave her a pensive look of his own but nodded a yes. Ash could feel herself fading from this space back into her body lying on her bed in the apartment. She then focused on the place that she just came from, and she felt him there. She could feel Cas waiting on her, she concentrated and moved her mind that way. She found him there, now dressed in his trousers and an undershirt. She was however naked still so she just thought of what she wanted to wear and she was dressed in boy shorts and a button down shirt. Cas looked in her direction and with an awestruck expression, moved toward her. “Ash, how did you do that, how are you here?” he asked. “I just let my mind search for a second until I felt your presence and then followed your presence back here.” She replied back.
“What,” says Dean, “so you meet some middle-aged guy somewhere and decide he’s the one you wanna pal around with on earth?”
“Please stop,” he says softly.
“I wouldn’t have left you if I didn’t need to,” Castiel murmurs now. He didn’t mean to, but the words slip out of him anyway. He touches Dean’s thigh, and Dean’s breath stutters. “I don’t regret telling you the truth, but I do regret what came after.”
The bunker is spotless, and if Castiel hadn’t yet realized that something had been deeply wrong with Dean while Castiel was gone, he’d be realizing it now.
He can hear his name being called somewhere, an echo of voices pressed up against the wall of this dimension and the next. It thrums beneath the soles of his feet, voiceless and entire—
“Not him.”
Shaking his head, he forces himself around, too. Kicks off everything but his boxers and his t-shirt, and then, after a moment of hesitation, tugs the shirt off too. It’s stiff with fear-sweat, which is both a bad reminder and a worse smell.
“Don’t,” Dean says, more rasp than voice. He flinches hard, and he knows Sam sees it. He wants to be home. He wants to close his eyes and never have to open them to this reality again.
He burns like a star. Always has.
He must feel the need to hold tightly to what’s his. In this case, what’s his is Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Plus it’s Dean’s birthday in a couple days. Sue him.
“Oh yeah?” Dean says. He forces himself up to standing, and his knees are weak but he doesn’t stink down again. “I’m pretty fucking sure my
His heart is jangling around like a fucking loose coin in the bottom of somebody’s purse and Cas is still breathing just as calmly as ever, still just sitting there, a rock and a buoy and the very tilt of the earth that’s dislodging Dean all at once.
“Does it matter?” Cas asks him. “Isn’t it enough to know just that we do meet?”
All of the fight leaves Dean in a rush. His eyes are hot, hot, and the black ice sky sways.
the Empty says eventually.
Castiel watches Dean’s shoulders tighten, watches his jaw go jumpy with how hard he clenches it. He stares out at the road sightlessly, fingers once again white-knuckled on the wheel.
“Well don’t,” he says, and it’s too fierce, and he fucking means it. “You hear that, Cas? I don’t—I can’t—I don’t wanna be here without you, asshole.”
The thing got Dean in the ribs before Sam fired off a round between its eyes and then beheaded it while it was down, and blood soaks his t-shirt to his skin, seeps down below his waistband. If he looks down he thinks he can see bone, white-slick and red-stained beneath ripped skin; he doesn’t look down.
“Cas,” Dean whispers. He steps close, tucks his head up beneath Castiel’s jaw. Butts softly at his chin. Castiel slides his hand between the layers of Dean’s flannel and his t-shirt, around to rest in the soft dip of his waist, and Dean lets him. “I…”
says the Empty.
creased and bent up, one of the only things of his mother’s that Dean owns, and there is so much behind the fact that Dean’s first instinct isn’t to make Cas put it back where he found it—the hand that’s resting palm-down on the seat slides over to Dean’s knee. Touches it briefly, just fingertips. “Especially you.”
Dean could tip his face up. Could move that last inch closer and not be stopped—be welcomed instead.
He hugs Sam next, and then, in a turn of events that probably shocks no one but Dean, him.
“Across the street,” says Cas, crossing to the end of Dean’s bed. He sits on the end, legs folded up beneath himself so his goddamn shoes are on the bedspread, but it’s not like they’ll be here another night so Dean lets it slide. He doesn’t really have the energy to argue, anyway. “I brought breakfast.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says. “I had no doubt that you would try your best.”
But he still doesn’t touch Dean back. Still doesn’t smile.
So he digs up a loose pair of sweats and the softest sleep shirt he has out of his dresser, and he presses them into Cas’s stomach, who takes them with slight surprise in the lift of his eyebrows.
Dean moves through the darkness with his hands stretched out before him, eyes straining to see anything that might give him a hint of how to find Cas in all this nothing. He walks as quickly as he can, but it doesn’t seem to be making a difference: with nothing but utter black around him on all sides, there’s no visual cue to note the distance with.
“Give him back,” Dean rasps.
He might’ve done it here, now, in this timeline. Just by showing up.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, and then lower, from a place that feels too tender to touch, “darling.”
He presses Cas's palms flat to his heartbeat, covering them with his own, and fights to keep his eyes open even though they’re dragging down heavy. If Cas doesn’t believe him soon, Dean
Dean smiles, sharp and savage. “Let me in.”
But humans, Castiel has discovered—humans hang their hats on hope. Humans build their houses from it.
Nobody talks on the drive home.
He tucks his hands up under his arms, beneath the folds of his flannel, and he keeps going.
Castiel laughs quietly. It’s the first time he’s laughed since confessing to Dean. It’s the first time he’s laughed in ages.
Dean nods. “Best friends?
It shatters, glass raining down over his pillow and the rumpled mess of his unmade bed. The sound doesn’t satisfy anything inside him, and neither does the sight, and now he—he doesn’t have any fucking place to sleep.
“You don’t have to be,” Cas murmurs, drifting closer. “I promise.”
And Castiel knew, but it still slices down into the meat of him, that red warm too-soft halfway-human filigree heart of his. And it lodges itself there, and Castiel knows it will stay.
day 11: pizza delivery
Jack, oblivious to the sudden tension, continues. “He was very angry last time, but this time he couldn’t even get mad.”
Dean watches it, unwavering. He thinks of Cas’s deal, and wonders if the Empty is, too.
Dean thinks into the silence.
Dean blinks at him, a little stunned. “Jesus,” he murmurs, voice sleep-soft in the way it goes when he’s not quite awake enough to roughen it on purpose. “You’re somethin’ else, Cas.”
so he tilts his body slightly toward Dean, welcoming him closer like it’s his decision whether Dean sits by him or not.
“Cas,” Dean says. Tremulous. He’d be mortified if Cas wasn’t looking at him like that: he’d lower his gaze if he thought he could make himself do it. “Of course I did. I…”
Dean shakes his head so fast that Cas blurs before him, clenching Cas’s wrists tightly as if he’ll slip away if Dean lets go.
Now, Jack looks at Dean with his chin tilted up and sorrow in the shape of his mouth, unbested by grief but changed by it.
He shouldn’t have to feel any of this.
He could carry him, Castiel supposes. Though he isn’t entirely angel anymore, he’s still a hundred times stronger than any human, and lifting Dean would be next to nothing. Yes. He could carry him. Happily he would take the weight of Dean Winchester in his arms, hold him against his body and walk him into their home.
“I missed you all as well. Very much,” says Castiel. And then he lifts his eyes.
All along his left side is Cas, sitting so close that Dean is warm despite the chill rolling in off the surf, and utterly heedless of the way the log they’re on is soaking moss and water up into his coat. Cas breathes in deeply, his head tipped up to face the sky. His eyes are closed. It could be prayer, Dean thinks, if there wasn’t that divot between his eyebrows.
Dean breathes. It jerks in and out of him like he has to force his lungs to move, too sharp, and something about the shape of him, all brittle-edged and limned by the slate gray Illinois sky, has Castiel reaching a hand over the back of Dean’s seat and curling it around the point of his shoulder.
He wonders if this Cas will stick around all that time, wait to wipe Dean’s memory until the very last second. He wonders what this Cas will do once future Cas rolls into town. Where he’ll go, and who will take care of him.
“I’ll watch over you,” Cas tells him. “I’ll watch over you as you dream.”
And he loves Dean.
Castiel hopes he knows that.
The portal slices open in the middle of Dean’s bedroom, a gaping maw.
“You keep that,” she told him later. She pressed his hand closed around the lipstick tube, fingers over fingers, and all the beams holding Dean up shivered. She didn’t try to kiss him again. “Happy birthday, baby.”
a crooked sapling stands beneath the watery streetlight like a boy with his head bent
Dean just nods. He thinks if he opens his mouth again he might not be able to control what comes out of it. A laugh or a sigh or a sob. Cas’s name.
“Oh, we’ll need two checks,” Cas starts.
“Yes? Figured I’ve experienced about all I can at a dance by myself. Are... you leaving?”
Dean coughed. “Ready?”
Jess picked up her glass. “Well, now that we’re finally all together, I believe it’s time to celebrate the reason we’re all here. Sam,” she said, placing a gentle hand on her fiance’s shoulder, “the last two years have been hell for you and god knows there were so many moments when you just wanted to quit. But you stuck with it and all of your hard work has paid off today. We are so proud of you. To Sam!” she toasted.
make me move venues with just a month’s notice to a smelly old gym, and I can’t even have goddamn
“Why not?”
Balthazar’s hands slipped to Cas’s hips as he pulled them closer together.
“That’s definitely a prison tattoo.”
“Wait. Are you still there?”
“Ha-ha,” Dean says dryly with an eyeroll that maybe Cas can’t see but can definitely hear. “Did you call for something other than making fun of me?”
“Cas, I know you have a lot going on right now,” Deanna starts when they find a quiet corner. “But you can’t keep scaring people and making them want to jump into a black hole.”
Cas was mad at him and that ties his stomach into all sorts of knots. It was never his intention to upset Cas. Today was rough, having this party looming at the very end and knowing that after tonight Cas would be a different person. That he would be even further beyond Dean’s reach.
“I’m, ugh, I’m gonna head out.”
It’s just insane! Things like this don’t happen — especially not to her. She had been prepared for the ostracization that came with coming out two years ago. She’d of course kept her core group of friends — which in fact included the other two gay women of the student body. It was the rest of the school that changed. She wasn’t met with hostility but there was definitely a quiet around her, a little more distance put between her body and those of her peers, and definitely some… questionable means to changing in the locker room.
“And I appreciate you setting such high standards for me,” Cas says. “But I need you to be reasonable. I’m not marrying this person. I don’t even have to ever meet them. All I’m looking for is the sperm of someone with good genes and maybe a nice jawline if that’s not too much to ask. Please, Dean?”
Dean grins. “No problem, kiddo. Dig in. And it’s just Dean.”
Cas groaned. “Please, no,” he whispered. “Please don’t be a creepy stranger in my kitchen. Please don’t tell me I hooked up with a stranger, god,
“This is his fiancée, Jess,” Cas continued. “And Dorothy and her wife, Charlie.” All three women nodded and said their hellos. “And this is Dean.”
Cas bobbed his head. For a moment, his heart had stopped, thinking Dean was about to apologize for something else. He hated himself for how excited he became.
“Oh, hell yes,” Deanna growls and follows.
“It’s dinner time.”
Dean shrugged. “Well, I said I would be.”
He waits with very little patience as Cas digs into the bag and pulls out the small gift. He holds it in his lap for a second, not moving, and Dean wonders if he’d done something stupid.
His warm hands begin kneading the muscles and Cas feels the shock at the contact like a swift punch to the gut. It wasn’t like he and Dean never touched. There were hugs, a supportive arm grasp every now and then, occasionally falling asleep on one another when movie nights went too long. But never anything like this. Dean was pressed up right to Cas’s back, pinning him against the tree and Cas felt every point of contact like a bolt of lightning.
Yeah, I kept thinking about how after tonight you’re going to have someone else’s kid and how much I wish it was me because I’ve been in love with you since I met you.
Callie’s father.”
Dean’s hand cups Cas’s cheek and turns his face until Cas is staring Dean dead in the eye. Dean watches him carefully and then smiles, soft and promising. “I need to talk to Kara so I can tell her that I have a sweetheart already. And I’m not letting him go this time.”
“Good, ‘m good.”
“Mushroom and sausage from Andy’s?”
When she’s five she and Papa get the same last name as Austen and Daddy. She doesn’t remember the day much except for the pretty dress she got to wear. But she remembers her dads kissing in front of everyone and her Grandma Mary muttering about how it took them long enough.
He gets up slowly and walks out into the dining area. He can make out a shadow through the glass of the front door and the glow of the yellow street lights. The streets are a little brighter than usual, the lights reflecting off the puddles left behind by the rain. The closer Dean gets, he squints, trying to see if this is a shape he recognizes or if he’s about to deal with some crazy drunk lost on the street.
Dean looks wonderful in his uniform, tight pants clinging to his powerful legs and showing off his perfect ass. Cas does try not to ogle but Dean certainly makes it difficult when you add in his broad shoulders and boyish grin, the smooth way that he leaps to make a catch or bends to tag someone out. He makes a few good hits too and Cas can’t help the excitement that rushes through him. He gets on his feet and cheers with everyone else, maybe a little louder than the rest and it’s kind of like old times. Except this time when Dean makes it to home base and runs back to the crowd by third with a big smile, it isn’t for Cas. It’s for
Of course, the bond isn’t official. They haven’t mated yet. Not for Cas’s lack of trying.
After that massacre they transition to Taboo and a game of Kings. At this point everyone has a nice buzz going and the shouting is more playful and nearly drowned out by fits of laughter. Everything is loud and obnoxious and happy and Dean sinks into the couch with a pleased grin.
Dean gets a girlfriend. At least, Cas assumes that what she is. He sees them together a couple times and they’re always touching it seems, sneaking off to dark corners in bars to kiss, holding hands over the table when they’re all out for lunch. She sits in his lap at parties and Cas feels his fists clench at his sides as she makes herself comfortable in what used to be his spot. Dean used to tease him about it, would flinch and groan until Cas was mocking offense.
Dean rolled his eyes and took the small hand Charlie offered.
“Curating historical exhibits and dressing up as the people who lived then are two vasty different things and I think we both know between the two of us which one has the costume and role play kink.”
“Castiel’s been quite worried about you,” she says. “So worried, in fact, he called me in to help with all the planning. You know how tedious these sort of events can be. We’ve been trying to get in contact with you for weeks but you’re a very difficult man to find.”
Saturday evening, Cas finds herself walking to the Winchesters’. Deanna had made her swear to a sleepover to make sure she didn’t spend her entire weekend working on prom. Which was irritating but also fair considering Cas had spent her morning and afternoon painting backgrounds and the cheap candelabras they’d found at Hobby Lobby.
They wander into a little saloon built near the rear of the exhibit complete with weathered wooden floorboards and a scuffed-up bar. They claim two seats and Dean orders them two root beers. The silence is oddly comfortable as they sit and drink and observe the fine details of the setup.
“I found the Impala at some dive all the way across town. He didn’t come to you for convenience, Cas. He just came to you. And he’s been acting weird lately, aside from last night. He’s distant. He’ll go weeks without calling. He’s drinking more and more. He’s been skipping work. He looks skinnier. I don’t know what’s happening.”
Cas twists his hands together. “It wasn’t a ghost. I think- it was me.”
Dean and Cas look around and find the party-goers staring and pointing at them. They look up and, sure enough, find mistletoe hanging over their heads.
His stomach rumbled and he dug through the fridge. He found some leftover pasta that didn’t look too threatening to his life so he threw it in the microwave. He went to grab a fork and his eyes fell on the box sitting in one chair in the living room. He still hadn’t gone through it.
Dean had a million ways to answer that question but would only allow himself one. “Yeah. Just let me get my clothes and we can get going.”
Her snort is not surprising. “Please. I had like one beer. I’ll be fine, Cas.”
“What? No, you can’t just leave him!”
“That’s not how hearts work, Dean.”
Callie’s calm exterior deflates into disappointment. “Why not?”
“What?” Deanna spins around. “Cas, no. I just don’t want to anymore. And you’re not going either so why do you even care?”
Find me on
“No, I’ll be okay. I didn’t have nearly as much as last time.” Cas sobered for a second, long enough to give Dean a real smile. “Have a good summer, Dean.”
*****
His last memory of Cas can’t be him walking away. Can’t be that smile.
The moment he heard the word go, Cas was clinging, his arms around Dean’s waist, bounding him to his body as tightly as he could. It was the first thing that had felt right since they woke up.
“Well, you were the dick who broke his heart last time you were in a room together,” Jess said with as she put a loaf of bread away. “Last time before last time.”
Another wave of tranquility crashes over him, sweeping away any lingering thoughts of Lisa, and Cas fills the mugs, turning to offer one to Dean when he hears the alpha approaching-
He doesn’t move this time, doesn’t even grunt when Cas’s cold feet move down the length of his legs. He must be truly exhausted, Cas figures and wraps his arms around Dean’s warm middle.
“This isn’t funny, Dean.”
“Man, I can’t believe you’re gonna be here — and Callie too. I- wow. Hey, look. Let me know if you need any help or anything, okay?”
“But have you been good this year?” Dean asks him.
“Our kid?” Brady repeats.
Neither can say how long the kiss carried on but eventually they come up or air, resting their foreheads together. Cas’s hands clutch at the lapels of Deanna’s suit jacket and she grins when she sees the lipstick smeared around Deanna’s mouth. She brings her thumb up to wipe it away and Deanna grins, making Cas laugh.
John Winchester spots her first and smiles as he wipes the sweat from his forehead. “Hey there, Cas. Place is looking good.”
Charlie had kept calling it a promposal yesterday as they’d continued preparing the gym. Between Charlie’s big mouth and all the people who had witnessed it personally, everyone on Cas’s staff knew about the box and it was the talk of the evening. She’d had to snap at people more than a few times to get them refocused on their assigned tasks rather than her potential prom date.
“You had no right to come barging in here,” Sam ranted on with the same amount of fury but his volume much softer. “You can’t just go out and make an ass of yourself and then come running to Cas when you need someone to take care of you. You don’t get to do that anymore. And that’s on you..”
Dean freezes, turning around but not looking directly at Cas. “Uh, yeah?”
“I’m not going to go.”
Cas stared at Dean, clearly skeptical. But Dean looked so earnest and desperate, he couldn’t keep the word of permission from slipping past his lips.
The students around her break into applause and Cas tries to hide her blush. She puts the mask and the invitation back in the box and awkwardly navigates through everyone and to the gym. She never even opens her locker.
“I’ve learned the hard way.” His eyes slide behind Dean to where all his paperwork is laid out. “I see you have great plans for a Friday night.”
“I have to fix this,” he whispers to himself. And winces, running a hand through his hair. “
Dean swallows. God, are his hands sweating? “What do you mean?”
But it was. Dean would never forget that little box that had burned holes in his pockets for weeks.
Dean walks away as fast as he can without being too obvious, trying to will away the rising sickness in his stomach that shouldn’t be there in the first place.
Dr. Mills shakes her head. “No, Castiel, it won’t. In fact, we encourage intercourse as long as the omega is comfortable with it. This late in the pregnancy, it can help trigger labor and the release of hormones is a great natural painkiller from any cramps or false contractions you’ll start to experience.”
Dean’s inner wolf whines at the loss he hasn’t even experienced yet, the fall of a pack that isn’t even real. Isn’t really
Brady makes an indignant noise and shoots up. “Dean!” He looks ready to scold but as he takes in Dean’s wide grin and jumpy form, his mouth crooks into a suspicious smile. “What’s got you all excited?”
When he arrives, he doesn’t even bother with knocking. He has to ease the door open, careful not to knock over the box propped near it. He takes one official step inside and stops. The apartment is absolutely saturated in Cas’s scent. It’s so strong, Dean can practically feel honey on his skin and he wonders briefly if he had forgotten his blockers. It smells so sweet and wonderful, like ripe, pregnant omega, so thick and delicious.
“I can take Cas home.”
Dean doesn’t remember how he gets home or what words Sam says when he walks through the door. He just goes to his room and lies on his bed.
Jess reached over to take Cas’s hand. “I know it will be. Because you’re amazing. And you deserve better. Hey! Are you seeing anyone right now?”
Cas shot Sam a questioning and apologetic look. Sam just smiled and waved.
“You’ll get it done,” Dean assures. “You always do.” He looks across the table at Cas who’s watching them with level eyes, and decides to veer the conversation a little. “You know, Cas enrolled Callie at South Loop.”
There were two empathetic groans as a waitress set three glasses of water in front of them. “Yeah, I’ve been working with Dr. Turner to get the exams for his law classes ready,” Sam said. “There’s only so many questions you can ask about torts before you want to blow your own brains out. I feel bad for these kids but Turner won’t budge. Stubborn old grouch.”
*****
“I did,” Dean grimaces. “Well, I tried to kiss you once. But you… didn’t want me like that so I dropped it. Figured it was better to have you in my life as a friend than as nothing at all.”
“You’re the worst,” Cas whispers.
“Too tall, your kid will look like Sammy.”
Dean shakes his head. “Cute. So when do we need to start baby proofing and crib shopping? Are you gonna have to move apartments?”
The finish eating and Dean gets the bill. He’s telling Lisa about last Saturday when he and Cas went furniture shopping and he had to beg Cas not to buy a guinea pig bed spread for the crib as they exit the restaurant.
“I trust you to take care of him,” Anna said. “Besides, I love Cas but I am not cleaning up his puke.” She pointed down the hall toward Cas’s room. “Do both of you a favor, and go talk to him. And I mean really talk.”
“Your happiness has always meant the world to me, Dean. Even more than my own.”
Dean just waves it off. “No sweat, Cas. Anything for you.” He says the words and almost wants to take them back — not because they’re not true, but because he’s terrified as he realizes just how true they are.
“Of course I’m breaking up with you!” Brady says like Dean is the crazy one here. “You really thought I’d stay after this?”
Things became more natural after that. They each took turns talking about work. Jess told a particularly funny story about some high-off-his-ass patient who showed up in the emergency room two days ago declaring he was Thor. Dorothy joked about training her replacement at the library for her upcoming maternity leave. Charlie had found some freelance work for some corporate douchebag named Dick Roman. He was creepy but he paid well.
“I... what?”
Dean pulls him into a hug and kisses the side of his neck. “Cas just called and asked if I could pick Callie up and bring her the museum ‘cause he’s got a meeting.”
Cas tries not to make a sound when her heart aches and instead runs through all of their close mutual friends who could have piqued Deanna’s interest. Garth? Benny? Victor?
“I need a drink,” Dean announced.
“And who said they wanted you to come to the party?”
Dean had been able to actually get out of bed and go to work today. He had taken that as a sign that maybe he was getting better and he spent the day trying to convince himself that that was exactly the case. But the number of bottles behind him told a different story, a story he refused to listen to.
“That’s not the point!” Jess barked. “Cas… I know this is hard. I know. And if you truly don’t want to be with Dean, I can respect that and I won’t push you. But don’t pretend like it’s because you guys don’t belong together. Don’t lie to yourself.”
to the life growing inside-
“Stop whining,” Cas says as he holds the door open for Dean. “The food is good and you know it. You just hate it because they didn’t hire you.”
Dean circled the kitchen, his body aching for a drink. But Sam had cleaned the place out. And Sam currently had Dean’s car so he couldn’t go on a run.
Cas looks between her friend and the frame and shakes her head. “Why… why are you doing this?”
Dean can’t help the laughter that barks out of him. “Okay, first of all, where did you- how do you- actually, never mind.” Dean shakes his head. Not going there. “Did you tell your dad? That he’s said those things to you?”
Cas accepts the mistletoe with a frown. “Why?”
Dean smiles shakily and nods. “Promise.”
“Yes, there are two more bags and a tree in the backseat,” Cas answers slowly. “I’ll-”
“I, for one, am extremely proud of you and honored to call you friend,” Charlie said and hits her chest with her fist.
He pulled his phone out, hoping to entertain himself with a text or something but no one had contacted him. He checked his email and fiddled through his rarely used apps. He wasn’t nervous.
Cas sighs and runs a hand down his face. “I don’t know. I think so. It just… feels like the right thing. She wants to know who her other father is and Balthazar can answer things for her that I can’t. I just don’t know. What do you think?”
Anna was kind enough to wait until Cas had eaten to ask the question.
That news makes Dean perk up. “Oh, really? Seen any good movies?”
“I thought the point of the insemination was to not involve an alpha.”
Dean screamed too.
He can’t handle any of this right now. It can’t be real. He doesn’t have a gift. That had practically been his entire identity in this family for over half his life. The witch with no magic. No purpose. The black sheep amongst the oddballs.
Cas’s eyes immediately went to Dean’s untouched beer. “Oh, shit! I forgot!” He jumped to his feet and grabbed the bottle. “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
They were bitter months, full of drinking and fighting. Dean would disappear for days at a time, wouldn’t talk to anyone for weeks. Didn’t eat. It was a lot like now, except angrier. It had been hard to get Dean out of bar without him throwing a few punches and receiving some in turn. He’d even punched Sam a few times for trying to help him.
Those eyes drove Dean insane.
*****
Having Dean around yesterday had felt so good. He’d been a wreck all Saturday after they’d parted ways after class. His body just couldn’t stop moving, couldn’t settle or relax, knowing Dean was going out with someone that night. Someone who wasn’t Cas.
“Uh, he had something come up at work so he’ll be a little late.” It happens pretty often and Dean knows it’s out of Brady’s control — and lord knows he’s had his fair sure of spontaneous late nights and last-minute emergencies. Dean shakes it off. “Come keep me company in the kitchen. Dinner’s almost done.”
Cas’s eyes light up. “Really?”
Dean shrugged. “I don’t know. Last one in my cooler.”
Cas runs over to help pick up the other end and carry it ot a cleared corner of the living room. He circles the tree, peering closely to make sure the mistletoe hadn’t somehow gotten caught in a branch but there’s no sign of it.
“I’m going to go get you a—”
“He— uh.” Dean clears his throat. “He seems like a good one, Cas. Handsome, in good shape, smart. His name is weird as hell but it sounds like you’ll have a little baby genius on your hands. It’s perfect.”
Cas grabbed his keys and a jacket and followed Dean down to his car.
“Good morning to you, too,” Sam replied dryly, spinning around to dish eggs onto the plates he had set on the counter.
Charlie rolls her eyes again but seems to admit defeat. “Fine. I’ll let it go for now. But this conversation is not over.”
The shed is hot and could use some better lighting but she can make out the array of tools lining the walls on pegs or tossed into the dozen-and-a-half tool boxes Deanna shares with her dad. This is where they work on cars together, usually some old classics John lucks into at junk yards.
“Is there a problem, Mr. Winchester?”
“I love you too,” she says, maybe a little too loud considering how close they are, but her body won’t let her announce it any other way. “I love you. For so long. And I-I’m-”
He hears slow, deliberate footsteps approach him and soon he can feel Cas’s body heat.
Cas returns the smile, small and polite. “Likewise. I’ve been so curious to meet the man who could finally snag eternal bachelor Dean Winchester.”
Dean jumped as Cas popped up next to him. “Dammit, Cas,” he yelped, setting the whisky down. “Don’t do that!”
“Well,” he said, “I don’t know about you, but I’m thinking takeout, a few beers and a movie?”
“Thank you, Bobby, I’ll get to the bottom of this.”
Cas turned and saw Dean’s eyes on him. “What?”
“Of course not, dear.”
Because Dean has known for years that Cas doesn’t feel the same way about him.
“I can’t believe you’re here,” he says into Dean’s neck. He doesn’t smell completely right, something just off of the man he knows, but he knows with just a few days of adjustment it’ll be back to the same spicy but calming scent he loves.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, his lips ghosting over Cas’s, and Cas tilts his head back a little more in invitation.
“Yes, I do.” Dean roams back over to the couch and sits down.
Dean tries to imagine it, and while he doesn’t glow with the thought of Brady out gallivanting with some strange alpha, it doesn’t necessarily bother him. Maybe part of it is because he’s had to grow used to Brady showing up with the scent of random alphas all over him. He met new people at work every day. “I don’t know. I trust Brady. He would never do anything to hurt me. And I would never hurt him either.”
That’s a weird thought. And then it’s a funny thought and Dean is caught with an unexpected case of the giggles.
“No, it’s fine. It’s good that you care about your friend so much.”
Dean knows he set out to tell the truth, but maybe this needs to be done in baby steps. So he nods. “Yeah, we’re pretty sure since I hadn’t been seeing anyone else.”
Dean chuckles. “Glad I met expectations.”
But no.
Dean shoves some sweats into the bag since it seems he’ll be staying overnight. “I don’t know, babe, maybe everyone else is busy?” He zips up the bag and turns around, pecking Brady on the lips. “Look, I’m sorry. I know it was supposed to be just us but Callie doesn’t deserve to be stuck at someone’s house puking her guts out. I mean, what if it was our kid?”
Fed up, Cas pulls out his phone.
“I don’t understand, Dean, what are you-?”
If Kara notices the discomfort she doesn’t show it, just laughs at the two of them and says, “Oh you have to tell me some horror stories about high school Dean.”
“Sorry for being late,” he says once he’s in earshot.
,” Cas reads, his voice soft. “Ralph Waldo Emerson.”
Cas turns slowly to face his siblings, his mouth opening and closing uselessly a few times as he struggles to find the right words. “I think I’m going crazy,” he settles for.
But what if while they were talking Cas decided he really likes the guy? Balthazar, Dean reminds himself. He’s a professor at Northwestern after all and Cas studied history. They probably have a lot in common. Probably both love to read and watch documentaries, talk about ancient civilizations and whatever else smart people do. Plus Cas is really funny and sweet. Probably has Balthazar laughing and gasping for breath.
“I guess I should get going,” he says as he puts the last cup away.
“Of course, but I need to know, Jess. I deserve to know what caused all of this. It’s like he’s protecting something.”
But apparently, even understanding all of that, he can’t accept that he’s not allowed to cry when he hears Dean call someone else
“Excuse me?”
Sam held Cas’s gaze and Cas had no doubt the younger man was calling out his lie. Because none of this was fine.
“Because I knew it would make you happy, dude.”
“Eww,” Caydon cries when he sees them kissing again.
Cas’s stomach sinks. “Did- did she say what was wrong?”
It all sounds wonderful and like straight out of a fantasy for Dean. Sounds like a dream. Too good to be true. But there is one word in there that really stands out to him, makes his entire body tense with the hope it incites. “Our?”
“Bailey. She used to braid my hair in the mornings. Dad isn’t very good at braids.”
Cas is late getting home because a freshman had a break down during office hours. Only after assuring her that a late paper was not the end of the world and she was going to be fine and sending her home with a friend, was Cas able to leave campus.
“Thank you for your honesty,” Cas says, smile far too sweet for someone who just threw their best friend under the bus and Dean shakes his head at him.
“Are you wearing heels?”
“Cas,” Dean whispered, nudging his arm. “Cas, wake up. The movie is over.”
“Well, it looks as though I have quite a bit of catching up to do. Castiel, would you care to join me?”
*****
“Oh hey. I also went ahead and packed your lunch,” Dean tells him from the fridge as he grabs his own lunch bag. “And I thought we could do pasta for dinner tonight. That sound good?”
His shopping was almost done when he walked in front of a bookstore and something caught his eye.
He looks up just high enough to see Cas nod his head and holds his hand out for the keys.
“Damn!”
“And if he makes you happy, then I’m happy.”
“Dean, the five years we spent together were the happiest years of my life. I- There isn’t- I can’t think of a single other time in my life when I felt as loved and blissful as when I was with you. You made me happier than anyone else in the world could ever dream to. Could you not see that?”
“Heya, Casssss,” Dean slurred into Cas’s neck.
His words seem to knock all the wind right out of Cas's sails. The omega is silent for a long time, his eyes downcast. Then, he looks up and when he does his eyes are bright and determined. "You're right," he says. "We can't be friends."
And clearly something that Cas has never even considered.
At some points he finds himself nestled into the couch and it’s good. Feels really good. He tips his head onto some stranger’s shoulder who laughs and Dean smiles. They sound good. Nice, deep laugh. Kinda like—
Suddenly, Cas is in Dean’s arms, warm and heavy against his chest. Dean let’s his arms snap around the omega, but doesn’t lower his head even as he feels Cas turn his face into his neck and his fingers pull on the back of his shirt.
“What was their name?”
Of course, this was all dependent on him surviving tonight.
“Well after that we were leaving and I had a-a thought about… Dean’s pants… and then the zipper on his jeans came down and he actually had to fight to get it back up but it was like I- like I was the one…” Cas waves his hand around, searching for but also avoiding the answer he knows is inevitable. He sighs and folds his hands in his lap. “Like I’m the one that did it.”
“What?” Brady asks.
He hadn’t seen or heard of Dean since the day after they talked. Cas was still buzzing with the conversation, the hurt and guilt in Dean’s eyes, Cas’s claim that they weren’t meant to be and Jess calling him out on it. Cas didn’t know what to do with all of it. And the more he thought about it, the more his head and heart hurt.
“Do you miss me, Cas?”
“Close your eyes and breathe,” Donna says. “Long, deep breaths. Feel your partner. Breathe with them. Connect with them. Prepare for this journey together.”
Brady blinks. “Who?”
They stand there for several long seconds in the glow of the light post, neither making a sound other than to breathe.
“He looks happy,” Dean repeated. “I haven’t seen him look like that in a long time.”
“Then why did you break up with me?” Cas asks and some of the edge to his tone is gone, replaced with a deafening vulnerability Dean isn’t sure that he’s ready for. “I know we’re young and relationships end all the time but I thought... I thought we were different. I thought you were the one. And you made me feel like an idiot.”
Cas’s eyebrows shot up. “You still talk to Sam?”
“What the hell are you doing?” Cas asks. “Are you holding your breath? Dean!” He receives a sharp slap to the head and his eyes snap open.
It was a struggle, but together they trudged their way to the bedroom. Dean collapsed on the mattress and sighed blissfully as Cas caught his own breath.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Whose next?”
Dean hears the front door slam again and sighs, body moving out into the living room before he can even think about it.
“Thank you, Dean. You’re a lifesaver.”
He gathered the sleeping man into his arms. He was always so surprised by how heavy Cas was. He looked so scrawny.
Cas laughs. “Yeah, uh, sadly that’s been a constant throughout her childhood. Thank you again, Dean, for doing all this. You really have no idea how much it means to me.”
Cas startles at Dean’s cry, eyes going wide as he watches the zipper on Dean’s jacket lower as if it’s being pulled down… by no one.
Dean looks at him, face sour. “Pretty sure if dairy was a danger to pregnant people, I wouldn’t be here because Mom says ice cream was about all she could eat.”
“Why not?”
College: cas steals dean’s sweater
Dean smiles then, a little soft almost secretive thing. “I just wanted to say-”
Dean’s mouth is dry in an instant and he flounders, trying to find something to say, but Mildred takes pity, pushes mouth shut and pats his chest. “Don’t panic, dear, your secret is safe with me. But remember, secrets corrode the hearts of their keepers. And it seems you’ve already done yours a fair bit of damage.” Her brows arch, in a clear challenge. Then, she squeezes his hand gives a final tug to draw him into the kitchen.
Cas cries for a long time and Dean holds him through it. Eventually they end up on the bench, with Cas half in Dean’s lap and his head in Dean’s shoulder.
Cas blinks and suddenly Deanna is there, claiming the seat opposite her at the lunch table.
Cas leans in to peer at the ribbon. “Sex.”
Cas shuffles into position, his hips swaying and it’s like a sharp hit to Dean’s gut and his groin. It looks like Cas is
It’s a webpage containing flight times and departures. Flights to... Amsterdam?
“You really didn’t think I would recognize your legs?” Cas asks as fury floods through her. “What the hell are you doing here?”
Dean was so flushed with pride that there hadn’t been an ounce of awkwardness when Cas approached him and said, “You did good.”
She leans forward to view the profile. “Hmm, Sebastian ‘Balthazar’ Roche? No chronic medical conditions, no family history of any either. Blood work came back clean. I’d say he’s a strong match.”
The hint of a smile brightened Dean’s eyes. “Thank you.”
Dean laughs, cheeks heating, and takes his place at the stove. “Shut up.”
“Much,” he admitted. “Why did you have to bring me home? There wasn’t anyone else?”
“Yeah, yeah, cry me a river and get in the car.”
“You’re actually here,” Cas says and it sounds aimed toward himself.
“I’m sure,” Cas said against his lips. “Trust me. I’m sure.”
“No, this is where I’m supposed to meet the mystery person.”
It’s going to be Cas’s first real Christmas and he’s determined that it be perfect with all the bells and whistles: the house decked out in lights and wreaths, eating snowman-shaped sugar cookies by the brightly lit tree, listening to cheesy holiday tunes while drinking eggnog by the fire, and kissing someone under the mistletoe — someone with really pretty, soft looking lips, and cute freckles and a broad chest that Cas could slide his hand across…
“I can’t smell you,” Cas whispers into his skin, sadly.
Cas frowns. “I don’t know. I just…”
“That sounds mean,” Callie says.
“They’re not kids, they’re college students,” Cas objects.
Right then, Sam’s phone rang and he lifted it to his ear. “Hello? Wait, Bobby, hold on—he did what?” Sam cried, sitting up so hard he made the table shake. He began fishing his wallet out of his pocket. “Are you sure? Yeah,, I’m on my way. Thanks, Bobby.”
Cas’s mouth goes dry the moment “mate” leaves Donna’s mouth and he looks between her and Dean, tongue tripping over itself in a desperate need to correct her.
“I was just going to help,” Cas huffs.
Deanna takes her hand before Cas can finish the thought and shakes her head. “No, Cas. It’s not a prank.”
Dean spins back. “Huh, what?”
“Pneumonia,” is the first word that Cas can think to say. “You have pneumonia.”
“Hello, Sam,” Cas returned, the words slow to leave his mouth. “Umm, come, uh, please come in.”
Cas looked up again. “Yes?”
“Jealous of
Dean opened the box.
Golden eyes circle in a dramatic eye roll. “Oh please, are we still playing this? Everyone in this city knows you want to bone Cas.”
Cas was going on their vacation. The one he had planned for over a year ago with Dean. The one Dean would roll his eyes about because he knew Cas only wanted to go so he could nerd out over some dusty ruins. The one Dean had actually begun doing research for so he could talk to Cas about the dusty ruins.
Despite an ache in his neck, Cas was feeling better the next day.
Her arms snap around his head and Dean holds her back, close but not too tight. He rubs her back, soothing her as she sobs against him. “It’s okay, sweetheart. I’m taking you home, okay?”
Cas snorted and ignored the way Dean’s pet name made his brain go momentarily numb – well, more numb than it already was. “Yeah, well, you seem uncharacteristically sober.”
“Not your fault, son. This one,” he said, waving a finger at Dean, “is losing it.”
“I’m so sorry, baby girl.”
Callie?”
“Yes, sir,” Dean said with another bottle salute.
People whisper about her dads a lot. Apparently, they’re true mates, which is super rare. Emerson doesn’t know what the means. She just knows them as her dads who bicker over dishes and which color to paint the guest room, who grade homework on the weekends because they’re
Sam smiled at him as Cas took his seat next to Charlie. “Hey, Cas. How are you?”
“Try something smaller.”
Dean shrugs. “Doesn’t really matter why. Just matters that we’re together, right?”
“Thank you, Jess, but I don’t really think it’s a good time.”
“You never tried to kiss me,” Cas objects, his face implying that the very idea is the most ludicrous thing to be said tonight.
And it hurts.
Cas rolls his eyes. “I should have known better.”
Dreaming up a few more ideas for how to lovingly irritate his boyfriend tomorrow, Cas closes his eyes and drifts off to sleep.
Dean kissed the tip again and then licked, slipped his tongue through the slit then ran it down, down, down, down—
When Dean’s lips closed over the tip of Cas’s cock, the man bucked so violently he almost kneed Dean in the gut.
“I just—I just wanted to apologize. For last week,” Dean clarified. “I’m sorry for putting you out like that. And, ugh, thank you for taking care of me. You didn’t have to do that.”
Dean smiles and presses a kiss to the back of Cas’s neck. “I love you, too.”
In reality, Cas had spent the first month after their relationship ended avoiding Dean like the plague. He had been the one to call things off and the idea of seeing Dean, having to relive the hurt he had caused, Cas couldn’t bear it.
And it’s not like Cas had been well-liked before. Deanna said she could come off a little intense and occasionally conceited. Cas just wrote it off as rusty people skills.
Dean nods. “He said… the eyes and the freckles, the lips…” Dean pictures the little girl’s face now and feels his alpha rumble in his chest, a bone deep and ancient recognition of family. Of pack. The reaction makes him look up at his friend. “And Charlie, I-I know it sounds crazy but it’s like since the moment he said it, I… it’s like my body knows it’s true. And every alpha instinct in me wants to run to her right now.”
“Probably starve,” Dean says lightly. “Other than that though, you’d be fine.”
He was in their room.
Dean was sprawled across the bed on his stomach, eerily still. Sam lunged forward, fingers going to his brother’s throat to find a pulse. “Dean, Dean, wake up! Come on, Dean, wake up!” He found a pulse but it was weak. Sam reached up and slapped Dean’s cheek. “Don’t do this. Come on, you idiot!”
Cas parked the car outside of the apartment and took a deep breath. It was fine. He could do this. One friend dropping off another friend’s jacket. Friends did this all the time. It was the friendly thing to do. It was much more polite than having Sam come all the way to his office to fetch it. Yeah, it was polite. Right.
The pizza arrives when Deanna is still cleaning up so Cas fixes both their plates and brings them back to the room.
“Since I left him.” Dean tilted his head against the couch, staring at the ceiling as if it was a starry night sky. “April 23. And you know what next month will be?”
“Sorry.”
Cas nods and keeps his eyes ahead where Callie is skipping down the museum corridor. “Yeah. I, uh, I met Callie’s donor father.”
Dean’s lips frown. He knows that, knows it so well it hurts to be reminded. The last time Cas was like this he was completely alone and thought he was having a baby by a completely different man.
“Very true,” Cas says with a smile and leans to press a kiss on Dean’s jaw. “We’re never sorry even in the slightest.”
Finally, Cas lifts his chin. Cold eyes bore into his and Dean is nodding before Cas even delivers his sentence, “Don’t come near me or my child ever again.”
Maybe it’s that he’s finally found someone so exceptional, someone who is actually worthy of Dean, who makes him happy and loves him more than anyone else could. Someone who Dean loves just as deeply.
“I-I have to go- I have to go the bathroom,” Cas giggled, yanking harder.
He’s not so wrapped up in that to ignore reality, though. He knows it won’t all be precious cuddling and nightly lullabies. It’s going to be stressful and exhausting. He’ll be up to his ears in dirty diapers, waking up at all hours of the night for feedings. There are illnesses to worry about, rashes that can pop up no matter how careful he is and he’s heard the horror stories about breastfeeding.
Dean’s sad to admit the thought of being alone with Callie gives him a slight sense of dread. But it’s for Cas. “Uh, yeah, yeah, of course. When do I need to be there?”
Dean snorted as he played with Cas’s DVD collection. “Nothin’ gets pas’ you, Cas.”
Trust Anna to hit the nail on the head. She was staring at him with eyes that dared him to try to deny it.
He doesn’t know if those are the right words; they seem too simple. Cas makes a watery sound like he’s losing the fight to hold back his tears and Dean wants to crawl over the table and hold him.
“No, seriously, Dean. Talk to me. What happened?”
Cas followed Dean’s gaze to a two-story brick house with a curving stone walkway up to a wooden porch laced over in ivy. There were shrubs outlining the property and a bay window to the right of the front door. On the left Cas spotted a short driveway that led to a two-car garage.
Castiel wasn’t ready for Tuesday. He didn’t actually have anything to do except wait for Wednesday.
“Thanks so much, you guys! It’s amazing!” He hugged each woman.
“Oh, sorry it was Cas.”
Cas shook the entire drive to Sam’s. What was he doing? Why didn’t he just text him? What if Sam wasn’t home? What the hell was wrong with him?
Dean gave a small shrug, not sure what kind of answer Cas was looking for. “So I could talk to you about it?”
He can’t do this. What had he even been thinking? He can’t cast a lust spell on Dean. Mostly because he one-hundred percent is absolutely not a witch… but also because with the small ridiculous chance that he is, he can’t risk this spell working and forcing Dean to act in way that he normally wouldn’t. Casting a spell on someone without their knowledge crossed all sorts of boundaries on it’s own, but a lust spell? Oh gods, what if it had actually led to sex? Wouldn’t that be assault?
She shakes her head.
“Oh right,” Krissy says and her lips curl in a knowing smile. “Cas mentioned he was going over tonight. Finally gonna work a Christmas miracle?”
“I’ll see you later,” he tells Dean and hurries back to his classroom.
“Yes,” Castiel agrees. “I’m sorry for going AWOL. Things have been a little crazy around here lately.”
Dean’s elbows are braced in his knees and he’s looking at the ground. “Watching you walk away.”
Jo served them their drinks. Jess made Cas start with a shot, insisting it would help with the nerves. Cas knew better, of course, but it was hard to refuse a tipsy Jess. So he just went with it, doing his shot and then accepting the drink Jo slid his way.
A rush of embarrassment colors Dean’s cheeks. “Oh, I’m, ugh, I’m sorry.”
Dean moved another T-shirt and he yanked his hand back as if shocked when he saw what hid beneath it.
“Cas?”
“Yeah, and apparently neither do I.”
Dean’s eyes float upwards where he knows their children are sleeping soundly. “Me too.”
Something barrels into Dean’s legs, nearly taking him down. Dean feels Callie nuzzle into his legs and his chest warms with the strong beating like it’s finally working properly for the first time in months. He reaches down to pull the little girl into his arms and she wraps around him with all her might, face buried in his neck.
“But you don’t, Cas. And it’s time to stop pretending. It’s been a year. You owe it to yourself to be honest. You might be furious and disappointed with him, and maybe you do hate him. But you love him and you’re worried about him. So talk to him. For yourself. You never got the closure you needed from the split. Maybe this is your chance. It could be beneficial to the both of you. And if the asshole says something dumb, you punch him the face.”
“I can see you’re thinking of playing hookie,” Dean says as he returns with the first aid kit. “We’ll be close by each other all day, Cas. And the second that bell rings, I’ll be next to you.”
“Well, someone needs to take you home and take care of you because you’re clearly not in the mind to do it.”
“The True Grit remake was not better than the original!”
Cas avoids her eyes, not wanting to betray any information she wasn’t ready to share. “I don’t want to go anymore.”
“Missed this,” Dean murmured, his eyes falling shut.
Cas must have noticed the way Dean was shuffling because he tossed a soft grin over his shoulder and tried to lighten the mood with, “Make yourself at home.”
Cas hums, rolling his eyes as he recalls the looks of horror his siblings had worn when he’d expressed interest in celebrating Christmas this year. The Novaks didn’t do Christmas, or any other bank holiday really. They celebrated solstices and equinoxes.
They have an excellent dinner. Cas picks something from the wine list and Dean goes with it, not understanding any of the words Cas uses to describe the flavor but enjoying it all the same. Their food is delicious and even though Dean could happily wolf down every bite, he offers some to Cas, raising his fork to Cas’s lips and stomach stirring with wild butterflies when Cas opens his mouth to accept. Cas looks a little red for a few minutes after that, which pleases Dean to his toes.
“They’re not that bad, Balthazar,” Cas defended.
Dean shakes his head as Cas talks but Cas isn’t looking, into act he’s already peeling himself off the door and heading to his room, head still bowed and shoulders down.
Cas closed the door and turned to watch Dean wobble into the living room, Cas’s mouth still open in a small “o.” His mind was blanking, overflooded with too many questions, the strongest being, what the hell is happening?
“It’s nothing.”
When Cas doesn’t respond right away, Dean feels hot fear rush through him. Maybe he went a little too far, veering into romantic side of things. Sure, he wants to show Cas what a good date can be like, what it’s like to be properly wooed and romanced. But that doesn’t change the fact that Cas only wants him as a friend.
“Charlie, stop,” Dean says, tone serious. “What I had for Cas was a long time ago. But I’m with Brady now and he’s a good guy.” Charlie snorts and Dean frowns at her. “Stop doing that, he’s good to me. So the way I see it—” he pauses to take another drink “—I have a great boyfriend, a great new best friend,” he says and gestures to Charlie, “and now my old best friend is back. I’ve got everything I could possibly need.”
“Do I sense relationship problems?” Cas asks, trying to sound concerned but playful.
“Yeah, but I’ll be okay without it for a few months. I have a great sous chef to look out for me.”
Cas threw up a lot that night. Dean kept him company on the bathroom floor for several hours, wiping his hair from his forehead, giving him water to wash his mouth out.
As if Dean hadn’t hurt him enough, he then had to humiliate him in front of all of their friends — the people who were the entire reason he and Dean had agreed to stay friends after everything ended.
“Oh, and look who it is,” Gabe said when Jo was gone. “The birthday boy.”
“What are you doing?” Cas whispered when Dean didn’t move.
“‘Course, man. Well, look, I gotta get home to Brady.”
“I know, I just hate having to ask for help and interrupt your night.”
When Cas’s lips touched his, it was soft, barely a brush, but wholly earth-shattering. Dean found his hands grabbing onto Cas’s waist and pulling him the rest of the way in.
Cas waved a dismissive hand. “No, no, it’s fine. I really shouldn’t with the flight tomorrow and everything.”
“Yes, I’m fine,” Cas says, trying to sound much calmer than he feels. “Just checking for any holes in the tree.”
“Jus thought I’d givya visit.”
Cas can’t disagree as she lets her eyes roam freely.
Sam held up a hand. “I think it’s best that I do it.” Dean sat heavily back on the stool. “Just eat your breakfast.”
Cas laughed nervously through the aches Dean’s name brought to his stomach. “Ugh, no. No, I haven’t.”
The hunt with Eileen was taking longer than Dean had anticipated, he was getting antsy and grumpy. Three nights already away from home, away from his Heart and Soul, “Gah,” Dean thought, “I am turning into a chick.” But he could not stand being away from Ash and Cas for this long, even though he had talked to them on the phone several times a day since they had left the bunker. He had almost always, in the past, been more than fine with his nomadic life, he always wanted more but never thought it could last, not until now. He always felt at home were ever he, Sam and Cas had squatted, crashed or hide out but now he longed to be back at the bunker with his family. It was quite a realization for Dean, this hit him like a ton of bricks on the fourth morning of the hunt. Dean woke up early, he instinctively, as he had done the last few mornings, rolled over and stretched out his arm to wrap it around the soft warm figure that should be there. Of course, that body was 3 states over probably still sleeping in their own bed. So Dean got up showered and dressed for the day. He would give it a few more hours before trying to call Ash and Cas.
Dean eyes went wide as he remembered calling Ash his future wife and calling her Sam’s sister in law. Oh man well, he had planned on doing this on Ash’s birthday over a nice dinner but what the heck. Dean Winchester, legendary hunter, savior of the world several times over, and one time Michael Sword, pulled out a small box from the pocket of his leather jacket, got down on one knee, took Ash and Cas by the hand, cleared his throat and asked, “Ashby Renee Mullins, Castiel Angel of Thursday’s and Temperance will you do the honor of being my eternal companions, will you both marry me?”
Dean caught a pair of cuffs that Sam had thrown at him and placed them on the man’s hands. “Keep real cool and don’t try anything, got it Buddy?” Dean growled out. “Yes, Dean.” The man said. His voice sending shocks down Dean’s spine and twisting his guts. The man sounded just like Cas! He went with Dean without a fuss, following ever order from Dean exactly. Once back in the War room, Eileen trained her gun on the man and Dean to pat him down. As Dean was going down each leg patting him down the man asked, “How far along is she, about 12 weeks?” “Hey, Buddy I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about but shut your cakehole.” Dean snipped. No weapons, no wallet, no cell phone just the clothes on his back.
It was Ash who broke contact this time, She had stepped away from Dean’s embrace, just slightly, enough to look up into his eyes. “Sweetie, we need to get to a bed because if we stay here very much longer I’m going to have to throw you up on Baby’s hood and make love to right there.” She said with a wickedly sexy smile that made Dean’s groin throb even harder. Dean moaned, stepped back, grabbed Ash’s hand and practically began pulling her up the stairs, he had to slow himself down because Ash was trying to keep up but her shorter legs were having to do double time it to keep up with Dean’s long strides.
This might take a while…
Epilog part 4
Dean woke up in such a good mood, he felt whole, he felt stable and loved. He felt like he deserved this chance to be happy, really happy for the first time in his life. He rolled over to look at his Heart and Soul, Ash was still sleeping, her honey brown hair a mess, her small lips pink, just begging for Dean to kiss them till they were red and slightly swollen. He behaved himself and just gave her a kiss on the forehead and jumped up for a quick shower and then to fix his family breakfast. On the way out the door He prayed to Cas hoping that he would come give him a good morning kiss but he was silent.
“So what’s up?” Dean asked as he stood up, stepped over to Cas’s side and kissed the Angel full on their lips. “Well, let’s go get you a beer and we can set in our room and talk.” Cas replied. Dean swung his arms and said, “Lead the way Angelcakes, I’ll be behind you, admiring the view.” A rakish and naughty grin spreading across his handsome but grubby face. Once they were safely in their room, Cas sat on the edge of the bed and Dean plopped right down beside him. “Well Dean, Ash, I have been thinking about something for several months now. I have kept it secret from you both because I did not know if it was something either one of you wanted, but I decided after we agreed to marry you Dean that it is something I wanted very much. I am pretty sure what Ash will say but Dean what do you think about a threesome?”
Cas responded in kind, moving his hands down Dean’s body, pulling up on his outer shirt and untucking his undershirt. Dean felt Cas’s callused hands run over his back, leaving trails of gooseflesh where ever the roamed, it was almost enough to make Dean totally lose his senses. Then as he adjusted himself to press even closer to the Angel before him, he felt his very prominent erection rub against another bulge almost as big as his own rub against his hip. The sensation the friction made him and Cas both moan while kissing each other. Dean then slid his hand along Cas’s side and tentatively palmed Cas’s groin, he didn’t know where him being so bold came from, it was so new. Then again Dean had never been shy in the sex department and tended to take the lead. What he found was that Cas was just as hard as he was, so once again Dean took the lead and moved both hands down to help relieve the angel of his trousers.
As he scrambled eggs, made toast, and cooked turkey sausage and turkey bacon (Oh, Dean is going to love that) he thought about how happy he was for his big Brother. He knew that Dean had been lonely for most of his life, just like him. He had Eileen now but he knew that she was hunter too so you never know what could happen. They loved each other very much and enjoyed spending time together when they could. In fact Eileen had taken to staying with Sam whenever she was not on a hunt of her own. Those were the best time for Sam, the times when his life felt most full especially when it had been Eileen, Sam, Dean and Cas. That had felt like home that had felt complete.
Just a trip down a hallway.
Dean responded in kind but then once he started to step back, Cas caught the look in Dean’s eyes. Dean grabbed Castiel by the nap of the neck and crushed Cas to his body, kissing him hungrily. Cas was so engrossed in the kiss he almost forgot to breathe, something his body now needed, he broke Dean’s kiss to gasp for air. Cas then heard a musical little laugh coming from his side. Ash was there beside him and Dean. She threw her arms around the both of them. Her smile made her eyes twinkle and her dimples become pronounced. Pregnancy was good on Ash, Cas thought, he didn’t know how it was even possible, but it made her even more beautiful than the last time he had laid eyes on her. She batted her lashes at him and blushed. So she could still hear thoughts, good to know, thought Cas. "Yeah but can you hear me Cas?" Ashby spoke straight into Cas's brain. He nodded his head. Cas then took his turn kissing Ash as well, next thing he knew he, Dean and Ash were making love to one another. The bond they shared just as strong and profound as ever. It was 2 am in the morning once the Winchester Thrupple got settled after their much needed, long overdue reunion. Dean on one side of the bed, Cas on the other and Ash in the middle. Ash was a snuggler, Cas and Dean were coming to realize they were too so the close quarters were ok but they all agreed that with Ash pregnant they were going to need a bigger bed. Of Course, there was going to be another period of adjustment for them, a lot more thigs more important than sleeping arrangements to work out. They would have to learn to live as three individual’s madly in love with one another but they could see it through together, with their new start.
Sam missed the happy home that they had built here, their oasis from the rest of the world. It was a place of peace and family, away from the chaos and blood of their lives. They were hunter’s the lot of them so what they had was rare and beautiful. They fought together and for one another, for their family. “Castiel, if you are listening, get your shit together and get back here before you destroy us all!” Sam angrily prayed. Eileen and he had been out of several short hunts since Cas left but did not take cases that took them too far away from home, in case they were needed.
“That’s it Sam, as soon as we get to the bunker, I am strapping this lying Bitch to a chair and torturing the truth outta her! There is no way that is Cas, Cas would never say that many words at once.” “To be fair,” Sam countered, “Cas had become more chatty there near the end and given the fact he is in a new vessel, with different experiences and a different background, it would only make sense that Cas would be somewhat different. I mean look at the vessel, WAY different.”
As he drifted off to sleep Dean, prayed to Cas and thanked him for his love and for bringing him his Heart. When Dean finally went to sleep, he dreamed of fishing with his loves. Except it was Cas the way he used to be, all trench coat, blue eyes and messy black hair. Ash was her usual, beautiful self, all curves and smiles, standing at the water’s edge, Cas was holding her in his arms. When they turned toward him he realized that she was holding a little bundle of blankets. Dean stepped up to the two people on the planet that meant the most to him and peered down into blankets he saw a baby with green eyes and honey brown hair. “Look DJ here’s Daddy!” She looked at Dean and asked, “Would you mind holding him Sweetie while I fix some sandwiches? “Hell yeah, give me my boy.” leaning down and kissing her on the lips, while taking the baby in his arms. As she walked away Cas came to stand beside him, taking his arm and placing it around Dean’s hips and drawing him to his side. Dean looked at Cas to see a look of utter happiness cross the Angel’s face. Dean then leaned down and gave Cas a kiss filled with love and passion. It was the best dream Dean had ever had.
Cas was a millennia old being who had seen civilizations rise and fall, some by his own hands but he felt like a fledgling angel again looking into the hazel green eyes of Dean Winchester. He knew Ash was right and Dean deserved to know but the fact was scared of rejection from the only human being that he had ever truly romantically loved. Now that Cas had learned more about human emotion and love through Ash, he felt better about the whole prospect of professing his feelings for Dean.
“Dean Sweetie, will you set down with me for a second there is something I need to tell you. Well, you and Sam it affects us all and Eileen already knows. I went to the Doctor today…” Before she could finish her sentence Dean started hyperventilating, “I knew it,” he wheezed, “you’re going to die, the cancer is back, I...I…nooo.” “DEAN, calm down, I don’t have cancer! I’m pregnant!” Dean looked up and his jaw fell open, his eyes rolled back in his head and he collapsed. Dean Winchester, fainted like a Southern bell at a BBQ who had her corset on too tight! If it wasn’t so serious it would be comical, Ash thought.
So when the symptoms started happening and the aversion to fried chicken started, she flipped out. She did the math and she should have had her period again by now. So she made an appointment with a local OBGYN while hiding from Dean in the bathroom. She asked Eileen to take her and swore her to secrecy, with all that was going on, with all that had happened she did not want to put any more stress on Dean.  Well today was the day and when she left the doctor’s office she was even more confused than she was when she had gotten there. They did a pregnancy test right away even though Ash said it would be impossible. It was positive! Ash almost fainted, if Eileen hadn’t been there to hold her up she would have hit the floor. They did an ultrasound and sure enough there was a little bun in her oven. A small little fluttery heart beat and small budding finger and toes. They estimated her being about 6 weeks along.
She was so hot and wet, her clitoris already like a hard rounded pearl, her labia plush and the opening of her vagina pulsing around his fingers as he slipped the index and middle fingers of his right hand inside of her. Ashby let out a muffled moan around Dean’s lips and tongue. “God Cas, she is perfect, isn’t she?” He prayed. The answer from Cas was a deep and throaty "Yes, Dean!" The tone of his own voice matched Cas's as he moaned Ash’s name and asked if she was ready for him. She replied, “OH Dean, yes.” Dean felt her spread her legs even further and he lined himself up with her and pushed himself in. It took all the self-control that Dean had left now not to come the first time he stroked in and out of her.
“Well,” Dean started, “we will just have to talk to her about it. What are we going to do Cas, how are we going to keep her with us?” “I don’t know, Dean but we will find a way for all of us to stay together somehow. I will find a way.” Cas said as he looked longingly into Dean’s eyes. “I still don’t understand a lot of what I am feeling now but I know this you and Ash are a part of me I just can’t let go of, I can’t lose either of you. I want us to be together Dean, forever and always. I’m going to have sex with you now Dean, are you ready for me?” Cas asked, to which Dean replied, “Yes my Soul, I have waited a lifetime for you. Cas checked in on Ash to make sure she was still resting and she did all through the night as her Hunter and her Angel made love.
When Cas had told them about a bit of Cas’s grace that was attached to DJ’s soul only minutes after he was born, they were floored. DJ being born 3 weeks early also was a side effect of the power within the baby. He had been fully formed, no problems breathing on his own and already moving in a way that baffled the medical staff. He started cooing after two days, by the time he was a month old he was holding up his head. The milestones of growth were always early for him but started to slow down as he grew.
Update: WIP updates from my cell so bear with me.
Dean sighed heavily, “Of Course I’ll drive you to work! Yeah, I did promise her I would help Sam and her clean out the nest in Louisville. Are you sure you just can’t come with us? We’ll be gone for at least four days.” Sam heard her say, “No Sweetie, we can’t, not this time but Cas and I have discussed it and we are going to put in our 2 weeks’ notice and request that we be placed on PRN status from now on. That is unless we need the money, in that case we can continue to work at the nursing home.” Sam spoke up “No Sissy, we have what we need. The Men of Letters legacy money is more than enough to keep us comfortable. I think having you and Cas with us all the time will be great. Right now you need get you some food and watch the new Father Ted episode. ” “Yeah, Bubbie that sounds great. Let us go get dressed first.” She replied and turned to go out the door but did not leave until she had given Dean another long kiss and hug.
When the alarms went off Sam was sleeping so deeply that he almost missed it. Eileen of course could not hear the alarms but the flickering red lights made her jump up out of bed. Sam woke up to her violently shaking him awake. They both were dressed weapons in hand in under 20 seconds. Sam saw Ash and Dean coming out of their bedroom as well. A look that meant that he was ready to fight, ready to kill, was frozen on Dean’s face. Sam knew that he had that same hard look on his face as well. Ash was wide eyed and on guard as well. He short legs somehow keeping up with Dean as if it wasn’t anything.
The exchanged their rings, very special rings each with three interlocking braided bands, rings that Bobby himself had made for his kids. Each of them had a band of silver forged from an angel blade, a band of brass formed from the casing of a bullet from The Colt and a band of iron the from the railroads surrounding the gate to Hell. All three protective metals represented the individuals wearing them, the Angel, the Hunter and the Telepath that can see spirits. When the rings were snuggly on all of their fingers. Pastor Gideon announced. I now pronounce you Man, Angel and Wife, for all time and all eternity. Get to smooching!” A shout rang up from the congregation and after along minute or two of all three of them kissing one another, Gideon last words were, “Dear friends and family I present to you Ashby Renee Winchester, Dean Winchester, and Castiel Winchester.”
Pastor Gideon gave Ashby a nod and looked at Cas and said “It’s your turn Castiel.” Castiel cleared his throat and began to speak. “Ashby I may have been created an Angel of the Lord, a holy Warrior but you are my Angel. You say I saved you but it is you who saved me. I knew love but never had the ability to fully express it until you came into my existence. I was searching for a way to get back to my family, back to Sam and Dean and you were there for me. Pastor Gideon is right, you are the spark that fused Dean and I together. So I promise you that I will always honor you, I will worship you for the amazing creature you are. I love you Ashby and no longer fear eternity because I know that my eternity is with you and our family. You are my angel, the Mother of my child and my forever.”
Dean loved to hear Ash sing so he made sure to find a bar that was doing karaoke that night. He would set at the bar or table closest to the stage and watch as she sang her heart out. Afterward she would come down and set down beside him so he could tuck them under his arm until Ash was called up again to sing. Right now she was singing on of his favorites Black Velvet, she had a huskiness and sultriness to her singing voice that was perfect for the song. Plus, it made Dean incredibly hot and she knew it. God, he loved this woman and their angel that shared her body.
After two week of calling Sam and Dean, leaving message after message, and slowly making progress crossing the country from Washington State to Kansas, Cas finally exhausted his vast knowledge of cell numbers that the boys have used in the last decade or so. All, he could do was wait and see if Sam or Dean will return a call. In the meantime, money was needed and Ash had an active compact (multi state) nursing license that was active for another few months before it would need to be renewed, so they found work at a local nursing home, because the local jail was not hiring nursing staff at the time, and Ash DID NOT DO Hospitals (“Too much ‘politicking’ and too little respect for nurses,” as she put it)!
Dean speed up his pace as she called his name. Wave after wave of her climax flowing through her, into her very soul, touching where she always felt Castiel when he gently told her that she loved her. She guided that feeling to where she knew he was and heard his gravelly voice echo in her head, “Oh Ash, yes, Oh Dean, yes, “she felt Cas stirring within her, filled her to overflowing and as she came again and again she could feel Cas’s grace pulsing right along with the waves that overcame her. She heard Dean calling her name again as his body reached the point where he could not hold back anymore either and orgasmed with her. Ash opened her eyes and looked at Dean, her hunter, one third of her soul and he looked deep into her eyes and said “Ash, my Heart, I love you!” Then he smiled this wicked, almost feral grin “Well, well, where you have been all my life? That was by far the most wonderfully intense thing I have ever experienced.” Then he started kissing her while he tried to slowly pull out of her still pulsing sex.
Cas looked at Dean with one of his patented soul deep stares with his eyes wide and his head thrown back in ecstasy. Dean felt the movements of Cas’s cock in his hand and felt the warm slick fluid erupting from the tip. This sent Dean over the edge himself plunging one last time into Cas before coming himself. Dean laid there for a minute still inside Cas until he knew he had his senses back, kissing him all the while. “Cas, that was amazing. I love you so much!” “ I love you too Dean, let us lay here for a while and then we need to leave this place for a while, Ashby must be getting tired of holding us here, I feel her trying really hard to keep you and I connected.”
There were times she had to literally tell him to keep his mind on track while they were on a case. She had to remind him almost daily at first not to think at her so loudly. He would huff, look sheepish or annoyed but Ash could tell he was really trying. Sam was different, having his own psychic abilities at different points in time he knew how to keep his thoughts quite. Eileen was a little louder but not overly so. She was only loud when she had to be and they all began to think shout at Ash if they needed to while on hunts. She also would talk to them with her mind when they needed her to, to keep constant contact and communication with the team. They began to affectionately call her the “Human Walkie Talkie.”
In the past he would have simply just materialized in the bunker. He knew his presence was granted, it was his home after all, but Ash insisted that he would probably scare the “bejebbus otta those boys” and she did not feel like getting the “crap beat outta her or worse.” Cas had to agree with her, she now knew as well as he did how Sam and Dean could “shoot first and ask questions later.” This is also why he didn’t just show up outside of the bunker unannounced, wearing a new face, voice and sized 9 women’s, nursing shoes.
He went to kiss his Angel and he noticed movement out of the corner of his eye. He looked around quickly, ever the hunter on alert, even in this private place, it was years and years of training and habit ingrained into him. He felt his jaw drop, it was Ash standing at the foot of the bed, and she looked gorgeous, hell she looked down right edible. She was wearing a sea green silk babydoll teddy, with matching garters and stockings. The color made her eyes an even deeper blue, so deep that the irises were almost and dark as the pupils and her fair skin positively glowed. Dean looked over at Cas and Cas looked at him. Cas had the same look on his face that Dean did. It was a look of adoration, want and love. Ash stood there looking very nervous with her hands crossed over her middle as if bracing for an inevitable punch in the gut.
The red head had her arms around Dean placing sloppy kissed all over his lips. Dean grabbed her as they went down because she had caught him so off guard that he lost his balance as she assaulted him. He landed on the floor with the red head sprawled and straddled over him. Dean scrambled up to his feet to realize Ash and Cas were standing right there, looking at him with a hurt and confused look on their face. Dean looked at them sheepishly and helped the lady to her feet, trying to keep her at an arms distance. “Whoa, now look here, you got the wrong idea there lady, I’m taken, I mean really taken” Dean was telling her. “Oh, well I didn’t see you come in with anyone but what appeared to be your cute brother and his retarder girlfriend and this fat, ugly, old lady here.” She spat, pointing at Ash, she obviously embarrassed and her pride wounded. “Hey lady, that’s my future Wife you’re talking about, you want to stop that right now.” Dean countered. The lady just started laughing, “Wow, honey, you have some low standards there, what you got a little pecker or something that keeps you feeling like you can’t do better?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, the boys have Cas in the car and are heading for the bunker. Dean is his usual sensitive self and Cas bites back a little.
Bobby watched Ashby from the front row, her blue eyes so bright the practically glowed as she began to speak “Cas if it hadn’t been for you My Angel, I would not be here today, I would have ever found Dean and we would not have an amazing son to raise together. You were my strength when I could not stand on my own, you taught me so much about what it means to fight for what you believe in. Your love for me seems to have no bounds, you see my soul and for whatever reason, the cosmos let you see it as beautiful. You are so amazing, you have fought, heaven, hell, purgatory and the empty and have persevered to become the individual you are today and I am forever grateful. I will do my upmost to never let you forget how much I love you!”
They also talked about Dean and how they both wanted to bring him here to be with the two of them as well. This made Ash a little pensive, Dean was a private person and might not want to share his time with Cas with her. Cas assured her that it was going to be alright, that they would take it a step at a time. Ash was so happy but she had some questions. “Cas, “she asked, “How are we here? I know it is you doing it but how?” Cas replied, “With my angelic grace, I created this space, a dimension unto it’s self really. I then projected your consciousness and mine into this space. However, I feel that you are helping me somehow, as if you instinctually know how to anchor yourself here.” Ash thought about it for a minute and asked Cas, “Let go of my consciousness but keep yours here for just a minute, I want to try something. Ok baby?”
After breakfast Ash and Cas and he about their day with Dean. They did some research, looking for a case and beginning to figure out how to tell everyone they loved about the engagement. They really didn't have to worry about what everyone thought because the were ALL happy for them. Bobby was the one who put it best. "Dean, so your little less of an idgit now, you finally got the guts to ask the Angel and my beautiful niece to marry you. Bobby loved Ashby, he thought she hung the moon and she felt the same way about her Uncle Bobby. It made Dean so happy to know that his family loved him and was happy for him. After Dinner Cas said that it would be a good time to go back to their room, he had a potion that they needed to drink to prepare for their time together. The effects of which should last 4 hours at least but maybe more depending on how Ash’s powers held up. They then laid on the bed holding one another and started the breathing exercises the normally did before entering their own little dimensional pocket.
Somethings never change, Dean and Cas were still as pig headed about telling themselves what everyone who interacted with the pair knew for more than 10 minutes knew. They loved each other, Cas may not even realize it and Dean couldn’t fathom loving a “Dude” but he did. Dean loved Cas and that was all there was to it, in Sam’s opinion.  Sam did not really know but suspected that their feelings were romantic in nature and maybe even sexual. Which was for Sam hard in the early years of his and Dean’s relationship with Cas, because he never even imagines that Dean could be attracted let alone romantically love another man. But, then again, Cas was not a man he was an Angel and he guessed it didn’t matter what vessel Cas chose, or what vessel chose him, Cas would always be Cas.
Dean saw that tears now streaming down Cas’s face as well. Ashby kissed Cas like he was oxygen, like she was trying to inhale him to fill that void that was there since Cas left her alone in her own body and mind. She broke off the kiss and grabbed Dean, kissed him with the same intensity making his mind short out for a second. He watched as she gently all be it unsteadily stand up; Sam was there to help her find he balance. Dean looked Cas dead in the eyes and touched his face, he knew as surely as he knew his own name this was their Angel, his Soul. Dean grabbed him behind the neck and pulled him into a fierce kiss of his own, the feel of those slightly chapped pillowy lips made hot tears spring from his eyes. When he broke off the kiss, he stood up, stared into those electric blue eyes, and then punched Cas hard enough in the face to knock him backwards.
Just before the wedding march started Bobby was posted at the end of the main aisle waiting for both Cas and Ash, to walk them down the aisle and give them away. Bobby had never seen so many hunter’s in such a small space in his whole life but for the Winchester’s they came. Almost 100 guests of various walks of life (and species) were there for the nuptials. People that at one time or another the Winchester family had saved, fought beside or helped out in some way. It was a good day!
“So Dean, how are you feeling?” Sam asked. Dean cleared his throat and replied, “I’m kinda freaking out here, me married to anyone was laughable a few years ago. In fact if someone had told me that I would be married, with a kid, and happy, I would call them crazy, a liar or both. But, here I am married to Ashby, about to marry Cas and we have DJ, I’m happy man. I still wonder when the other shoe is gonna drop though, ya know?” Sam clapped him on the back and nodded his head vigorously, “I know exactly what you mean. We both have found happiness only to have it ripped away from us before it really started. I just have to have faith that finally the Winchesters have been allowed to be happy. We still are about the family business but this time we really are a family.” Sam and Dean sat on the cabin's porch and set in silence for sometime just enjoying each others company . When Dean next looked at his watch only 15 minutes before the wedding started so Sam and Dean went inside and combed their hair and straightened their ties one more time before heading down the path to take their positions for the ceremony.
Cas dropped to his knees and undid Dean’s jeans and pushing them and his boxers to the floor. Dean gulped, “Um ,Cas , what you doing there Bud?” The only response was Cas reaching up to stroke Dean’s length before taking into his mouth and beginning to lick and such his way down the length. “Holy Crap, Cas, wher did you learn to do that?” Dean breathed. Cas pulled off of Dean for just a minute and simply said “Ash, taught me while doing this to you. “Well, Cas, Angel, we need to thank my Heart because she has taught you well.” Dean breathed out as Cas continued to suck and tease him, while caressing his testicles, rolling them gently through the Angel’s fingers.
Epilog Part 3
Cas had spent his down time over the last few months, the times when Ash was in control or asleep, to work out a plan. A plan that he kept secreted away from Ash, he did not want to get Ash’s or Dean’s hopes up. He was working on a way that he, Dean and Ash could be together, as three separate beings. He had been researching metaphysical projections, where individuals who were miles or even dimensions apart could spend time together, as if they were physically there with one another. It would only be a projection but through his studies Castiel had found evidence that the brain, body and even the spirit of the individuals reacted as they would if they were together physically.
Dean had almost caught up with Ash as she flung open the front door, the cold rain blowing in hard and then she stepped into the darkness, gun drawn. Dean was right behind her and nearly ran over her because she had stop dead in her tracks. Standing in front of her about 6 feet away was a man with his hands up, it was dark and Dean could not quite see his features but Dean could tell two things, he was wearing a khaki colored trench coat and had short, very dark hair. Lightning struck across the clouds and illuminated the man’s face. Full lips, square jaw and blue eyes, this man looked like Cas or rather Jimmy Novak. Dean thought he was going to throw up. Ash was standing squared off and aiming her gun at the man. “Keep your hands up move really slowly, Dean could you please help our guest here get inside, give me a minute I will be right in.” Ash instructed.  Dean gave her a look that told her that he was not going to let her stay out here by herself. “Bubbies here with me, I have to throw up.” Sure enough his mountain of a brother was right beside her, shot gun raised, so she felt safe lowering her own weapon. Once the safety was on her gun again, she put it in her waist band and bent over and vomited just as she said she would.
That night Cas stepped Dean through the process, Ash laid her hand on Dean’s forehead and assisted Cas to the place between worlds where the Hunter and the Angel could be alone. Dean opened his eyes with in the walls of the cabin and straight in front of him was Cas, the Cas that Dean and Bobby Singer had met all those years ago. Dean couldn’t believe it! He grabbed Cas and hugged him for all it was worth. They stood there for several minutes just hugging one another. It was Cas who broke the hug, he stepped back just a few inch’s and then Dean heard him say “Dean, I’m going to kiss you now.” All the questions that Dean had just flew right out of his head as his Angel pressed his lips to the Hunter’s lips.
Dean almost never left her side, I mean he even followed her into the bathroom for a good two weeks until she started screaming at him to get out and give her some “Durn privacy.” Dean would post himself outside the door as sentry until she finished. Ash was a strong woman but she just like Dean lost and hurt, they clung to each other but were not able to make themselves do much more at first.  Between Bobby, Eileen and Sam they managed to keep them both fed and clothed. It was getting better, Ash even made biscuits, sausage gravy, veggie sausage gravy out of almond flower for Sam and her Great Granny Templeton’s Chocolate gravy (One of the weirdest and most disgusting sounding things he ever heard of until he tried it, it was sweet, thick and rich almost like a warm pudding) for Dean for dinner about a few nights ago. Dean loved the stuff and so did Bobby. Dean helped do dishes and they even turned on some music and Ash sang a little. It was a little more normal then it had been in weeks.
Sam looked at Eileen, took her into his arms and kissed her lightly on the lips. She stepped back to sign to him, “Do you think they are going to be alright?” Sam sighed and signed back. “Yeah, eventually but in the meantime it is going to be a hellish round of Dean vs. his emotional constipation and consternation.” Eileen just rolled her eyes and let out a high, exasperated snort and she turned around motioning her to follow her back to bed. He gladly retreated back to the safety of his love and his bed.
It was actually Ash’s soft voice that spoke to him on their second day together, that he should start looking for his family. They had waited long enough to be reunited with Cas and that when there is love, when there is family you move the earth to get to them, to help and nurture them. “Wow.” Cas thought this spirit that had called to him was already a Winchester even though she had never met his family before. So he took out her cell phone and started dialing numbers. Knowing that one of them would be one of Sam or Dean’s phones that were currently in use.
Cas took another breathe, “Dean you and I have been in each other’s existence since I was created, we were meant to meet, I was destined to pull you beautiful, righteous soul out of hell. In fact, until I saw Ash’s and then DJ’s soul I had never seen anything like it. Even through the torture you endured in hell you soul was still strong, bright and when I reached down and pulled you out a part of me was left with you and a part of you became a part of me. We have been brothers in arms, best friends and lovers but now we are two thirds of a whole. I promise you that I will always stand beside you, I will always fight for you and I will attempt to make you see how amazing you are each and every day from now until the end of time.”
The poor soul is a woman, with light, fine brown hair and brilliant blue eyes, a soft round face that makes her look younger than she actually is. I can tell by looking down into her soul that she is a kind, loving person, who has dedicated her broken life to serving others. She prays, “Whoever can hear me, if anyone even cares anymore, I am in so much pain, I can’t live through another day with this. I need relief but I can’t bring myself to just let go. I want love, I want a life, I want to be accepted and loved but that is too much to ask. At least it seems like it, god, I don’t know what else….”
This from Dean's POV, he needs time to work this out, but in reality very little has changed at all.
Looking once again Dean looked at the person in front of him straight in the eyes and just held the gaze, surely attempting to make this fluffy, little woman flinch, it was either that or it was Dean’s attempt at staring straight down into the soul their new passenger. Either way, Cas did not flinch and Ash’s body remained open and relaxed.
Dean was so lost in thought that he did not even notice the diminutive angel cross the 3 of 4 feet between them and stare up into Dean’s face. “Shit,” he thought, “for a curvy gal she sure can be stealthy! Plus, Cas now has to look up to me even more than he did when he was wearing his old vessel.” This gave Dean a great amount of amusement and he even smirked, just a little. Although, thinking about Cas as something different but still the same as this Ash lady was giving him a headache.
Once they had him up off the floor and into a setting position again Sam waved some ammonia under Dean’s nose and he startled back to reality. He was pale and shaky but he was there. “Ash Baby, are you sure? I mean you can’t, right?” Dean asked. “Well almost a decade ago that was true but now obviously not. The OBGYN even said there was absolutely no sign of that I had ever had a child. I think he thought I was lying to him when I told him Alan would have been 24 this year. I gave him my ID but he still didn’t believe my age. The scars from the polycystic ovary syndrome that I suffered from for years was gone too. Here look at this Dean.” She pulled out her phone and opened an email. They had recorded the ultra sound and sent it to her on her phone. The video began to play and the only sound in the room besides their breathing was the whoosh, whoosh of the ultra sound and the sound of a very strong, very fast heartbeat.
Author’s Notes
It had been 6 months since Sam and Dean picked up Cas and Ash at that bus stop outside of the nursing home and making out was all it ever was. Dean wanted more and knew Cas did but Dean was still worried about Ash wanting to be with him in that way. He knew that she loved him and now he wanted her as much as he wanted Cas but he was the one who would be the one to push away before his body and mind were beyond the point of no return, which seemed to be happening with more and more frequency.
Eileen and Jody was helping Ash get ready, they stepped into the dressing tent to tell her it was time for the wedding to start. They made sure her veil was on straight and fanned out her train as she walked out of the small tent. Across the way Cas was stepping out of his tent, dressed on the charcoal gray suit that they had picked out for the grooms. His tan skin practically glowing, his normally crazy (sex hair as Dean always put it) was perfectly combed and he stood his posture straight and tall. Ashby almost lost her breathe with how beautiful he was. Cas must have heard her because his cobalt blue eyes stared at her for a second before he too was overcome with emotion, love, need and peace beaming from his face. The music started and they both marched toward the central aisle that led to Their Hunter, Their husband.
Dean looked on in consternation at his little brother hugging this chunky, mousey haired, short woman (“I mean she barely comes up to Sasquatch’s arm pit!”, he thought to himself.) He knew without a doubt it WAS Cas riding around in a new vessel. But, the vessel was so different and the fact that the person who used to control that body was still rolling around in Cas’s head, made Dean nervous. Cas seemed enamored by this chick and that made him worry. Where had that come from, this dependence and care for this stranger who just happened to pray for someone to rescue them? Dean loved Cas in ways that he had neverput into words, he was his brother in arms, his best friend (other than Sam) and they both knew they had a “profound bond” as Cas would put it, but, had that changed the minute the woman Ashby Mullins had shown up?
Dean sat there made small talk, encouraged Ash to eat the rest of her food and even made her drink one more glass of water before looking at Ash and saying, “OK it’s time to get my Heart and Soul home for the night, we will be at our place Sam, you and I will talk later.” He stood up, gave Sam a short steady glare and then took Ash and Cas by the hand, pulled them up out of the booth and ushered them to the door with his hand in the small of their back. Sam was relieved that he didn’t make a scene but he knew eventually there would be hell to pay for putting as Dean put it, his “Heart and Soul” in danger. With a deep sigh Sam paid the tab for the meal and got in his car to drive back to the bunker.
Sam was frankly fascinated by Ash, She obviously was not a wilting flower. She was visibly strong, with shoulders just a little broader then the average woman.  She has strong arms that when she flexed her arms the muscles of her biceps would show quite a bit of definition. He couldn’t really tell about her legs but he suspected those were muscular as well. She wasn’t Dean’s or Sam’s type per say but she has a lovely face and a gorgeous smile that made her cheeks dimple and her eyes sparkle. She seemed to be the kind of person to do anything for the one’s she loved and she seemed to love Cas but, frankly Sam didn't know if she really knew what she was getting herself into with being Cas's vessel.
The last steps of the ritual were almost complete, the time of “make or break” as Dean would put it was upon him. Either he would be back in his body able to go home to his fiancés or he would be no more. If it were the later he had given Gabriel specific instructions to go to the Winchesters and tell them what happened. To help make them understand why he did this, why he had to try. He did not want to “Die” but he could not risk not trying. As these thoughts swirled through his consciousness he felt white hot heat, painful, tearing waves of power rip through him and the last thought he managed to put together was “Ash and Dean I love you, I will see you soon, I hope.” He forced the thought out of himself and sent it in their direction hoping that they would receive his word, then there was nothing but black.
Finally! There is a call, someone at the end of their strength, wanting to give up but too afraid to take their own lives. They are searching, praying for a purpose some way to continue on, without the pain, without the loss and hopelessness they have felt for so long. I know their pain, I have been lost and at the end of my rope, it was the Winchesters who rescued me and I can try to rescue this suffering human.
Epilog part 1
Sam had taken to watching TV with Ash, they both loved Dr. Who and Torchwood. They also loved watching what they called “Britcoms” together. Dean just did not get the humor in those shows but they made Sam and Ash happy and thus Cas and Dean were happy. Ash and Sam’s bond had started to grow and Sam even taken to calling her Sissy, every time his did Ash would give him the most beautiful, brilliant smile. She in turn started to call Sam Bubbie or Bubba and it always made Sam grin like an idiot. They were building their own version of family once again and they all were happy for once.
She reached down and palmed the front of his trousers, humming a pleasant needy sound in her throat when she realized he did want her. The Angel felt her moving them both toward the couch that sat in the cabin’s living area and gently pushed him down until he was setting down. She then gave him a hungry look and climbed up to set in his lap. The pressure and warmth of her body radiated through Castiel’s clothes and when she started moving her hips against him he nearly lost control of his senses. She broke the kiss and began nibbling Cas’s ear. He was so hard, he didn’t remember ever feeling like this before, especially not in a man’s body. Cas kissed his way down Ash’s chest, unbuttoning her blouse to expose her full, luscious breasts. She leaned him back so that she could have room to undo her bra and as she took it off she let it fall on the floor along with her top.
Dean took this opportunity to speak up, “Oh, sure Sweetheart, you were just gonna let him go, I know your type, set your claws into a guy and suck him dry, alienate him from his family and totally screw up his life. Well, lady you got another thing coming, you will not take Castiel away from me and my Brother, you hear me?"
Epilog Part 5 and Authors Notes
Ash stood before him, she was looking around the space that she had just found herself in, and to her it looked like a little cabin surrounded by woods in the foothills of the Smoky Mountains near where she grew up. Cas knew she loved this place, loved the cabin, the deep creek that ran beside it that she loved fishing out of. He knew also that Dean would love it here too, that is one reason Cas picked this particular spot. When Ash’s eyes landed on Castiel, her eyes grew wide with wonder and a smile spread across her lovely face that made Castiel feel like his metaphysical heart would burst out of his chest. “Cas, it’s you! How is this possible? I can see you as I see you in my head.” Cas stepped up to her and touched her cheek with his fingertips. It was like lightning moving through him, Ash’s hand sprang up to meet his on her face. “Cas, I can touch, you I can literally touch you!” she cried.
Dean didn’t want to stop kissing Ash but he could feel the inevitable happening, just like it always it did when he was kissing Cas or Ash, he was getting hard. He grabbed Ash’s small hand and pushed it to the bulge straining against his jeans. Her eyes went wide, her pupils so large that in the dim light of the street lamp he could only see a rim of cobalt blue iris. “Do you feel that Ash, that’s all you! Dammit, I’m just so afraid, I want all of you. I want to see, feel, taste and savor every soft curve you have, feel your strong muscles wrapping around me, we both know I want Cas, have for a long, long time but I want you too. You drive me crazy!” He crushed her in another deep kiss that made her moan deep in her throat.
It was a party to remember full of family, fun, food, and stories and dancing. While the reception party continued long into the night, the newlyweds left about midnight. Bobby and Jody had left much earlier with DJ so he could be fed supper and put to bed on time. They said goodbye to everyone and walked hand in hand in hand down the path to the main cabin, where they would spend the next few days. Their honeymoon of sorts. This was a special place for them long before the wedding but now it was a place they could always go to remember how it all started.
With these thoughts racing through Cas’s and  Ash’s and his head, Cas cleared their throat and asked Dean to please follow them to Ash and his room. Dean nodded his agreement and followed his best friend down the hallway. Dean couldn’t help but notice how Cas’s (well their) long honey brown ponytail swayed across their shoulders and back leading to a nicely rounded bottom and wide hips that swayed in the opposite direction of the ponytail. This physical form in front of him was far from the usual type that he found attractive but the physical presence that they projected was very warm and comforting to him. “Hell,” he thought, “it is Cas, that makes sense but why does Ash’s voice and presence have such effect on me? Cas has always had that effect on me and still does but her voice calls to me too. Ugg, listen to me I’m practically a chick myself with these stupid thoughts, get a grip Winchester.”
Castiel could feel her soft presence in the back of his consciousness, she was no longer in pain, no longer lonely and she knew Cas would be there with her until she was ready to move on to her eternity. She was not quite there though because as soon as she had him with her, sharing her body and thoughts, she had to help him get back to his family. He shared all he was with her and she shared with him, it had already changed the both of them. He felt stronger and more emotionally centered then he had in a very long time. It was as if some of what she was, was becoming what he was and vice versa.
Sometime later…
Cas spoke up, “Dean, would you mind coming out from there for a bit? I need to talk to you and ash together.” “Dean was so caught up with what he was doing that when Cas spoke, he jumped dropping his wrench, Ash could hear it clang on the floor beside Dean. “Dammit Cas, Angel, you scared the crap out of me! Dean huffed but pulled himself out from under the truck. He looked up and his gaze instantly softened when he took in the Angel before him. Dean grabbed a rag and began wiping his hands and face, both of which were splattered with oil and grease.
Ash was a nurse who specialized in Correctional Medicine, she had worked in Prisons and county jails for all of her nursing career. Taking care of the ones who had lost hope, those who were forgotten and thrown away by today’s society. She felt it her mission to help heal their broken bodies and spirits. It was also her calling to uplift and support those valiant souls, the officers that took care of these individuals on a day to day basis. However, after her loses and the decline of funding to pay medical staff to treat their patients she was at the end of her rope. She knew no one was waiting for her, no one would look for her if she just disappeared. This was a fact that made Castiel very sad but grateful that he found her when he did.
Sam thought if looks could smite, Dean Winchester would be a pile of smoking ash or a pillar of salt right now because Ash was giving him a look that made Sam feel like a kid in the elementary school principals office.
i am just wondering how this works after "completing" a fic.
Back at the bunker, Jack reunites with his Dad Cas. Dean runs his mouth and Cas is pissed, the boys meet Ash for the first time.
Sam had tried to get Dean to make a pie run with him, but no dice. “Sammy, no, I can’t just leave Ash, what if Cas comes back? What if something happens while I am gone and I lose her too? What if something happens to me, I can’t leave her alone? Sorry Sam?” Dean would reply. Ash had told him several times that she would be fine for a couple of hours, that she wasn’t going anywhere. Still he refused. Ash tried not to cry, she really did, she knew how hard all this was on Dean, his Angel, his love, his future husband was gone, all he was left with was this broken, fat, ugly thing that she was. He deserved so much better. God how she loved him! God how she loved Cas! How could she ever be enough for Dean without Cas? That train of thought brought her right back to sobbing uncontrollably into Dean’s arms. She could feel the silent tears dripping from his eyes as well. Running onto her back, her t-shirt was soaked to her skin with them.
She looked down at her long cream colored dress, and thought of how Cas had wanted the purest white dress they could find but he settled for this one after seeing it on Ash shortly after she gave birth to DJ. Oh DJ, her special little tyke! She wished her son James could meet him, he would have adored the green eyed, light brown haired baby. DJ was so much like James was when he was little, he never set still, not even when he was sleeping. Not even in the womb, every night from the time she felt that tiny body start moving within her she would feel him wiggling and rolling around. The stretch marks that had disappeared when Cas had taken her as a vessel, had been replaced with new ones but Ash didn’t mind. Dean and Cas didn’t either, they both swore it only made her sexier because she had carried and gave birth to their son.
The next few weeks flew by for all of the Winchester clan. Ash and Cas finished their last two weeks at the nursing home and moved out of the apartment, choosing to live full time at the bunker with Sam and Dean. Dean insisted that they just stay in his room with him and all three of them were happy with their arrangement. Cas and Ash continued to exercise their ability to exist within their directional pocket. Taking the opportunity to explore what Ash could do within its space. She was getting really good at changing her surroundings at will. They also worked on her abilities in the real world as well. They knew psychics have always made Dean nervous but they decided to tell Dean what they were doing while he slept at night.
Cas grabbed a tube of lube that was in the drawer of the bedside table, and opened it up, handed to Dean and then laid on the bed. “Take your fingers and put a generous amount of lubrication on them, this will make the process more pleasurable and comfortable for us both.” Dean did as he was told. “Now take one or two of those fingers and insert them into me.” Dean swallowed hard and said, “Cas, Angel, are you sure?” “Yes Dean I am positive!” Dean took two of his lubed fingers and reached between Cas’s legs, and gently pressed them to his opening until they slid in and began working them in and out of him. This made Cas buck his hips, Dean could see that almost instantly Cas had gotten full on hard again. To Dean’s surprise so had he. Cas then instructed, “Now add another finger, oh, yes, oh, Dean, that is right.” Dean took this as a good sign and over a matter of minutes worked his way up until he had four fingers inside of his love. Then Cas still bucking himself against Dean’s hand said, “Please Dean, I believe I am ready for you now. Just apply so lubrication to yourself and insert yourself into me.” Dean thought to himself that no one but Cas could ever make no nonsense instructional about love making sound so damn sexy, but he did. He had anal sex with girls before, but he had never worked them open in this way, had never even seen it in any of his pornos, or if he had he didn’t pay attention to it.
Ash went to prop herself up on deans pillows when she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror on Dean’s dresser. Her hair was an utter disaster, her eyes were so bright and her cheeks were flushed and her lips were swollen from kissing Dean with his stubbly face. She hardly recognized the person in the mirror. She looked, well she looked positively glowing, like she was 25 years old again. She went to get out of bed and Dean firmly held her to his torso. “Where do you think you’re going?” he asked. “Well,” she replied “first of all, I need to go pee and secondly, I don’t know about you but, after the hunt and then making love, I need a shower. Do you have a bathrobe I can borrow?”
Ash comes to a realization and Dean lets go of some of his anger.
Cas was also insistent that the wedding take place on the land that the cabin between the worlds had been based on. Ash had told them that if we were going to do it there, it would have to be in the fall when the hills and mountains would look like they were on fire. She had always loved this area but it was especially beautiful at this time of year.
He heard her screaming, he hear him cursing his name; he heard them both pray; it was almost more than he could bear. Castiel, one time Angel of the Lord, Angel of Thursdays and temperance listened as the very reason for his existence called out to him in pain and he was powerless to answer. The ritual that Gabriel had found for him was taking more of his grace than he had expected. Even with Gabriel’s help it was strenuous on both of them. You see Cas was once again in search of a body, he did not want another vessel, he wanted his body back.
Cas loved seeing both of his loves come apart like this, enjoying each other and him. Cas felt Dean moving in and out of Ash, both of them making the most delicious sounds. Cas had imagined this for a long time and it would never have possible except for the amazing woman that prayed to anyone listening, at the end of her rope and the end of her hope. He answered and he never would regret it. She was so strong, so beautiful, inside and out and powerful! Dean was a shelter of strength for him, the one constant since the day he felt Dean’s soul in hell all those years ago. Through all his faults, all his mistakes Cas knew Dean would always love him, he always had.
Dean stepped off the stairs to stand in front of Ash, he looked down and met her eyes. Then he raised his right hand slowly and placed it on Ash’s shoulder gently. Dean stood there for a moment and then let his hand drop. “I..I’m…um…it’s just, I thought I had lost Cas again and…I…I’m...ugh...sorry Ashby.” Dean said hanging his head and looking down at his feet. “Oh Dean,” Ash breathed out, she wrapped her arms around his middle and gave him a fierce hug, and to Ash’s surprise he accepted the hug placing his chin on the top of her head and wrapping his arms gently around her shoulders.
He was attacking a rather redundant paper comparing Islam to Christianity when it was suddenly ripped from his hands. Cas yelped and looked up.
When Dean hesitated she kicked him again, making Dean jolt against the table. “S-so, Cas,” he gritted out as all eyes shot to him, “wh-what are you working on in India?”
Deanna doesn’t look up from where she’s tightening something and Cas tries not to feel it like a punch to the gut.
“Don’t forget your leave room for dessert,” Dean says when Cas leans back against his chair.
“Dean, oh god, Dean, please, Dean, Dean, Dean!”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Cas smiled and pulled the phone up to his ear.
“Oh and Santa!” Claire says. “If it’s not too much…” she gestures for Dean to lean forward so she can whisper in his ear.
*****
At least tomorrow in Sunday so the garage will be closed and Cas will be able to keep Dean to himself and make sure the stubborn man is taken care of.
Dean took another deep breath, holding this one for a few heartbeats. “He came to Bobby’s again the next day and he went ballistic. Said I was disgusting for loving a man. He said… God, Cas, he used words I didn’t even think he knew. He was screaming and throwing my tools around. And then he said… He said that if-if my mom were here… she would hate me.”
“You know,” Deanna says after some time when they’ve finished eating and they’re just cuddling. “With all this prom mess, I keep forgetting to ask you who you’re going with.”
"No! I haven't even talked to him." Gold flashes through Cas's eyes. "I came here to tell you that I love you... and now I'm finding out that you created a whole fucking bond with me?"
“But it was…”
Cas smiles up at Dean, squeezing his hand. “You’re always there when I need you. Just like now.”
Dean pulls his eyes from Balthazar, who’s bending down talking to Callie. “Uh, yeah. Brady’s got some work to do at home. But let me know if-”
It takes more than Dean wants to admit to keep himself from crying. “Me too, sweetheart,” he chokes out. “More than you’ll ever know.”
Everything smells sterile and like nothing. It’s not the normal mix of pheromones and body odors they grow used to over time and it’s downright unsettling.
The smug grin softens into a sweet smile and Deanna’s eyes fall to the floor and she rubs the back of her neck. It’s a reaction she has often and it always manages to catch Cas’s breath. Somehow endearing but also heartbreaking because if this was a story, it would be a sign. A giveaway for Cas to know that maybe…
“There’s a trash can right here if you get sick,” Cas said. “Here’s some water. When you wake up take two Tylenol. I’ll be in the living room if you need anything, okay?”
Dean flinched. Sam filled a mug with coffee and pushed it and the plate of food toward Dean.  “Sammy, I didn’t mean to cause any trouble. I just…” He sighed and licked his lips. “I don’t know.”
Cas spins around and nearly falls over. “Dean!”
Cas sucks in a deep, steady breath through his nose, filling his lungs as much as he can and letting rolling his shoulders into it, before releasing it slowly, letting the calm take it’s place and-
Gilda chews on her bottom lip for a moment, looking like she’d rather be facing down a train, before finally blurting, “The school said roses were too expensive.”
He helps Cas gather Callie up whose completely conked out. He presses a gentle kiss to the little girl’s head and holds the door open.
Of all the places he’d traveled to as a child at the whim of his father’s busy work life, Amsterdam had always been his favorite. As a child he’d found magic in the cobbled streets, charming architecture, and cozy chocolate shops. It was one of the rare cities where even his parents would make time to take part in what they usually considered simple tourist activities. In Amsterdam, Cas had been able to pretend even if just for a few hours, that they were a normal family. Gadreel knew that from growing up as family acquaintances and so as a Christmas gift to Castiel each year, they would go visit it together. Cas got to relive some of his favorite childhood memories and they both got to send pictures home to make their parents think everything was going just as they had planned.
“I had a best friend,” Callie says out of nowhere and Dean gives her his full attention. “In Washington.”
Dean throws his hands up in exasperation. “You told me you wanted me to be honest, Cas! And honestly? I’m sorry, but none of these alphas are good enough for you!”
“I didn’t think I was allowed to be upset!” he shouts.
“Uh-huh,” she mumbles back before disappearing down the hall.
Cas has dreamed of something like this for years, being the center of Deanna’s world. Having wordless permission to touch and stare and love proudly and loudly.
He hated it.
“God, Dean. What’s happening to you?”
Cas is stunned into silence as Dean inspects each of his feet.
And then comes the knock.
Dean’s eyes blow even wider, beyond confused and losing his own patience. “What the fuck- I- who are you talking about?”
“So an old friend, huh? How long have you known Dean?” Kara asks.
“Just put the movie in, smartass.”
“I wasn’t going to say that,” Anna says. “Just because we’ve never seen it before, doesn’t mean it’s not true. Your powers could just now be manifesting. We should probably contact Aunt Naomi and Aunt Hael.”
“Merry Christmas, Cas,” Dean whispers.
Dean flipped onto his back and stared up at the ceiling. What did he want? “I want Cas to be happy.”
Anna folded her arms over her chest. Cas sighed and lowered his menu. “Anna, I love you, I do. But I can’t do this right now. Please. I don’t want to talk about it. I can’t.”
Deanna clears her throat. “Uh, yeah. I did.”
“Sober,” Dean answered bitterly.
The pizza arrived about twenty minutes into the film. They put the box and bag of breadsticks on the coffee table and they slowly vanished over the next hour.
“What’s that?”  The words force their way out of him.
“Almost eleven,” Dean said, getting up and carrying the empty pizza box to the kitchen.
After a moment she pulls back, green eyes blazing. “Never leave us like that again!”
And whatever soft look he thought Dean had before just gets softer. Cas takes Dean’s hands and wrap them around him, returning the gesture so he’s hugging Dean’s chest to him. Dean follows his lead easily, head bending to rest of Cas’s shoulder and he sways in time with Frank Sinatra’s croon.
“Dad,” Deanna whines at the nickname. “Please not here.”
They hesitate before both heading to Deanna’s car. They don’t speak as Deanna drops Cas off at home, barely say a goodbye when Cas climbs out.
It takes a while, but Dean waits, knees pulled to his chest, toes wiggling in his socks with the urge to run over and hug Cas close, stroke his hair, kiss his lips. Tell him that Dean is here for him, in any way Cas will have him.
“It’s only my third,” Dean promises. “We have a long way before we reach Twister levels of destruction.”
Deanna has someone “special” and she’s taking them to prom.
Brady chuckles and finally stops moving, leans against the sink to give Dean his full attention. “Okay. What’s your news?”
The scent intensifies into nasty rage and without a word, Brady turns and marches out of the apartment like the hounds of hell are hot on his heels.
“Are you leaving?” Dean asks instead.
“She definitely has her father’s attitude, that’s for sure,” he jokes and earns himself a slap to the side of the head. “That was fair.”
Cas nods, seeming to get smaller and smaller. “I also think I’m the one responsible for the pasta sauce landing on you earlier?”
Deanna has her hair pulled into a chaotic bun on top of her head. There are no safety goggles this time and she has a sledge hammer and is going to town on a beat up Camaro.
“Dean,” Cas responds in kind and steps forward.
“Are you feeling okay?” Cas asks.
“I did.” Cas says it with so much conviction it’s startling and all Dean can do is gape for a moment.
Cas just arches a brow. “Confident, aren’t we?”
Dean looks down at the invitation then back at his brother with an arched brow. “To this? Are you kidding?”
Sam coughed into his water.
He’s looking at the floor so intently, hands into his pockets now and Cas knows a defeated Dean Winchester when he sees one. Whoever this person is, they’ve done a number on his friend without even realizing it.
He trudges back up front, slower than before, and smiles when he sees the shadowed figured in the door. “What?” he calls as he walks across the dining room, “did you forget the tiramisu you made for Andrea, too?”
Charlie’s eyes are big and sympathetic. “I know,” she whispers. “But you have to. Cas deserves to know. And so does Callie.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “I’ll get you some pajamas.”
So he’d pulled on Cas’s hand and Cas leaned in, a question in his eyes that quickly morphed into horror when he realized what Dean was doing. The moment was broken by a shattering noise and both men looked over to where Dean’s tea mug was now scattered across the floor.
Of course, the next day Dean wasn’t feeling quite as nice about it when he woke up with a cold. He fought his way through it to attend his final exams but by Thursday was laid up in bed, unmoving and barely responsive.
“Dean that’s crazy!” Charlie cries, looking more serious than Dean has ever seen her. “I mean, you and Cas never hooked up. And we know for a fact that Cas used a donor. We were literally at the party where he got inseminated.”
Cas nodded. “It’s okay, Sam. You’re just worried about your brother. It’s fine. But I can’t help you.”
As Cas nears her lockers she notices a crowd forming. Frowning, she forces her way through until she can see what’s drawn all of the attention.
Cas goes back to his toys only to notice that one is missing.
“Right, so twelve years,” Anna concludes.
He feels Cas hands wrap around his waist a moment later. “Thank you, Dean. I was nervous to tell you.”
“Anything you want, sweetheart,” Dean vows, the last word dripping heavily from his tongue like honey, and then he’s walking toward the stove.
He isn’t able to get out before Cas opens his own door but he does manage to hold the restaurant door for him and even allows a brief touch to Cas’s lower back as he passes. Cas doesn’t flinch or frown or look at him weird. In fact, he may not have noticed at all.
He dedicates himself to giving Castiel everything he’s been craving, fitting weeks of desires into just a few minutes of bliss. He nestles between Cas’s legs and licks him open, tongue delving through thick slick and moaning around it like it’s the sweetest thing to ever touch his lips. He eases his fingers in slowly and Cas arches into them, rolling his hips down to take as much as he can.
“Dean, this is my daughter, Callie,” Cas introduces, his voice soft and pleased. “Callie, this is your uncle, Dean, one of Daddy’s dearest friends.”
Dean snaps into position, resisting a tiny yelp. He hears deep laughter and peeks up to find Cas grinning. Dean scowls and keeps his eyes cast down.
“Oh, please. You’re my best friend, Dean. So are you gonna talk to him?”
Cas’s eyes wander for a moment and then return to Dean and he shrugs. “I don’t know.”
“His photo is literally a shirtless mirror pic in a gym bathroom, Cas. You don’t want your future kid turning out like that guy.”
Cas laughs softly, eyes rolling. “You’re such a child.”
“Hey, Einstein,” Dean had teased, poking his head through the door. “You got a second?”
“I want Cas.”
“It’s not you, Cas,” Dean tells him for the thousandth time. “You just... keep dating jerks.”
Dean’s lips press against his, gentle but insistent. He licks at Cas’s lips and Cas opens willingly, craving the taste of the alpha. Dean’s tongue is hot and demanding and thrilling as it sweeps into Cas’s mouth like he’s trying to devour Cas.
“I think I have to agree,” Cas whispers back. “I can’t smell you.”
“I did. But I wasn’t in love.”
“Loved you first,” Cas returns, smiling and dashing out the door.
“The history channel has never done a study on Jain temples,” Cas said. “I know because I would have watched it.” He leaned into Dean’s space, peering up at him. “Tell the truth.”
“Me? Probably do some freelance corporate work. And Dorothy and I have to start getting the guest bedroom ready and childproofing the whole house so I imagine that will take some time.”
“Everything okay, Cas?” Dean asks and his voice is so close it makes Cas jump. When he looks over his shoulder Dean is right there, barely leaving a breath between their bodies.
Cas scoffs but feels his cheeks heating. “You’re never going to let that go, are you?”
“Think we can trust this one?”
Cas’s eyes locked onto Dean’s and the other man’s smile wilted a few degrees. “Does it really matter, Dean?”
Cas spins together a smile of his own. “It’s nice to meet you, too.”
Anna smiled sweetly. “I’m saying that maybe you should talk to him.”
Dean back off again and takes him deep, repeating it until Cas’s body is like a tense live wire ready to snap and erupt in flames. Cas is almost in tears above him and Dean knows it’s time.
“Ugh, umm, hello, Dean,” Cas murmured, turning his eyes to the ground.
Her lips tremble. “But I don’t want you to leave again. I love you.”
“Callie!” Brady bellows and the traffic around them slows.
“What do you mean?”
“That’s the rule,” Jo says and the rest of the room hums in agreement.
“I’ve damn near been in love with you for twelve years, Castiel,” Dean says, tilting Cas’s head up to look at him. “No spell was ever going to change that.”
“Jess,” Sam groaned.
“Don’t act like those aren’t your favorite,” Cas said.
Cas just smiles and nods along with the story, one hand absently rubbing his lower stomach. The baby is becoming livelier. He’s on the verge of seven months and it’s like the whole pregnancy gets more surreal with every passing day and he can hardly believe it.
Cas stares after his best friend, completely breathless. What the absolute fuck?
He takes all the time in the world opening Cas up first with his tongue and then with his fingers. He catalogues every whine, moan, whimper, and keen Cas makes and files it away for future use. He learns things about Cas’s body that he’s always wanted to know, like how much Cas loves inner thigh kisses, the taste and weight of Cas’s cock on his tongue, and how Cas’s entire body will shake when Dean licks into his hole and that he has the sexiest way of moving his hips and fucking himself on Dean’s tongue with complete abandon.
That simple response had the power to turn Cas’ shock to irritation. “I know that very well, thank you. But what are you—No, don’t touch that!”
She sees it and it’s all the confirmation Dean needs. His chest swells tight and it’s like he can feel his inner wolf howling with pride and happiness. A child! He has a child — an
Dean’s breath catches.
“Cas,” Dean chokes out. “W-what are you doing?”
Not mope around and feel bad for himself.
Cas wants the dirt to swallow him. He wants to push these two apart and reclaim his territory. He wants to feel Dean’s arm around him and he wants to shiver whenever Dean kisses his neck or his temple, holds his hand, strokes his cheek. Just touch him in general. He wants to feel it all again and this time he won’t take it for granted he swears it.
Cas was glaring at his friend at this point. “Balthazar, I’m not going to flirt with a bartender.”
It was not what Cas would consider the ideal way to spend a Friday night.
Cas began with Dean’s boots, tugging them off his feet. He knelt on the bed to untangle Dean’s hands from his jacket and then helped Dean out of his overshirt. “Lie back,” Cas ordered and Dean obeyed, sighing again as his shoulders hit the mattress.
Cas leaned back against his chair, heart racing. He ignored the glares of the disturbed customers around him. He wondered what could have happened to Dean. Was he hurt? Was he in pain? Would he be okay?
Cas puts his hands on either side of Dean’s face and makes him look into deep blue eyes. “I don’t want to wait for you anymore.”
He bundles her up in her coat and a blanket and then scoops her up into his arms. The mother brings her backpack and he slings it over his free arm. He offers a quick apology to the mother and promises to have the blanket returned. Then he’s dashing out to the car, trying to keep Callie out of the cold for too long.
“Cas came over,” Dean repeated, staring at the TV.
So Cas carefully  steps between the ropes and bends to pick up the box. It has beautiful gold accents and a swirling design and she takes a moment to just run her fingers over it. But she can feel the crowd buzzing around her with curiosity so she relents and opens it.
“Okay.”
“But you love him,” Anna says and boy does that hurt to heard it so plainly stated.
The younger teen’s frown returns. “Mom and Dad let her stay home today.”
“Thank you,” Cas says with deep sincerity. He flips to the next profile but Dean’s barely paying attention, too many images of a pregnant Cas in his mind. He’ll be so beautiful with a swollen stomach and probably grumpy as hell. Cas now can barely manage with a minor inconvenience. He can’t imagine how unbearable he’ll become once he’s laden with the extra weight of a developing person and all the stress and horrors that come with pregnancy.
Dean frowned. “I lived with him for three years, Anna. You kind of pick up on those types of things.”
She turns with it in hand and Charlie is just behind her. “What is it?” she asks with burning excitement.
Anna took his hand again, squeezing it. “I know, Cas. I know. What he put you through was awful and there is no reason that you should feel an ounce of sympathy for him.” Anna tilted her head. “But I don’t think this is an issue of what you should feel or should do, but rather what you do feel and what you want to do. You’re worried about him, Cas. Because you still love him—Don’t try to deny it,” she said when Cas opened his mouth. “I’m not judging you for it. And it doesn’t make you weak. It makes you, you. You have always loved at a deeper level than most people. You have always cared too much. That’s just who you are.”
“No.”
He only makes it a few feet before Dean’s voice cuts in. “Ya know, it never gets easier.”
Cas hums. “Probably. But first...” He reaches into his pocket for his phone. “I believe there’s one more thing you said you wanted but haven’t gotten yet.”
“You and Sam have a wonderful relationship-”
“I didn’t really figure it out until a little while ago. It’s... hard to explain.”
Gabe scoffs. “I have visions, Cas, and Anna’s empathic gift doesn’t move cutlery. That was all you.”
“Good. That’s… really good. Umm, I will—I’ll… Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean just tried to laugh it off. “It’s just a little weird.”
An angry cough grabs his attention and Dean focuses on Cas. He hands his arms crossed over his chest, one brow arched, and not a lick of patience to be found. “Are you going to explain yourself?”
“Mmm, babe,” Dean says into the kiss, drawing back for air. “Babe, maybe we should take this to the bedroom.”
“Dean,” Cas whines again, hips grinding harder, more desperate. “Oh, god, please.”
This was it.
A knowing grin steals across Cas’s lips. “No, she wouldn’t.”
Dean fidgets in his seat as the right night comes to mind and his body feels hot just remembering it. He keeps his eyes on the floor because if he looks up and sees ±god, he’s gonna have a heart attack.
Sometimes there are words you spend your whole life aching to hear. You don’t know which ones or in what divine order but they rest in your body like a tattoo along your ribs waiting to be ignited like a spell that finally brings you to life.
“A spell?” Dean echoes. Cas nods. “Okay… What kind of spell?”
“Bonding,” Dean just grins.
They continue geeking out together, going through his entire collection. Dean points out all his favorites and the ones that disappointed. They argue over the greats and her green eyes practically glow with vindication when Dean finally concedes. It makes his whole heart swell.
“I could still send just you,” Dean’s voice startles Cas out of his reverie and he realizes his eyes have welled up with tears. Dean smiles sadly at him as if he understands. “I should have enough for one ticket.”
Dean just nods.
Cas’s eyes widened a fraction. “Ugh, well, I’m studying Jain temples.”
The room explodes in snickers and lecherous smiles while Dean chokes on air. “Dude! I’m not gonna tell you that!”
“I know this isn’t the time to ask...” Cas starts slowly and hates himself for asking at all, but it will drive him insane if he doesn’t. “But where is Lisa?”
Dean springs into action at Cas’s request. He carefully lifts Cas, thrilled by the excited yelp that falls from Cas’s lips, and he carries him to the bed. Cas falls back easily and Dean crawls over him, covering Cas with his body from head to toe and ravishes Cas’s neck and chest with all the kisses he can.
Dean steers Cas out of the studio, rambling about something that Cas can’t hear. His mind is swarming with questions. Like what had they done to make Donna think they were mated? Why hadn’t Dean corrected her? Why was this bothering him so much?
Cas sputters, confused and a little hurt. Was this a prank after all? But instead of some random asshole, it’s her best friend? Oh god, and all week she’d been telling Deanna how scared she was when this whole time-
“I asked how your day was.”
“It comes with the territory of being a chef.”
“Guys, no, it doesn’t-”
“What?” both Deanna and Cas screech.
Dean frowned. “Why would I be?”
“‘s not like I know... anything about the place... And... ‘s important to you.” Dean shrugs it off and a cough steals what Cas is sure would be a self-deprecating laugh. “I’d probably just... embarrass you anyway."
Dean glowers at the teasing. “Don’t be a jerk. It’s... I really like them. I think I’ve liked them for a long time.”
Dean fights his way to the kitchen and sees the theme continues with penis-shaped candy and sandwiches.
Cas turns her head and finds Garth watching her. There’s a knowing glint in his eye and she refuses to acknowledge.
Cas gives a defeated laugh. “Of course.”
“Hannah,” Cas says softly. A plead.
“This is amazing, Dean,” Cas says after a while, his burger completely demolished. “You really outdid yourself.”
The spoon in Dean’s hand lurches and flings sauce all over his chest. He hisses from the heat and moves back just as Cas approaches with a towel.
The bell rings then and Cas stands, using the table as support. This stomach is starting to become more than he can handle.
“Then let’s sit!”
“I’m okay, Daddy. Uncle Dean took good care of me.”
It takes Dean a moment to understand her meaning and when it hits him it makes his stomach turn. “Ugh, sorry, Lis, but I actually gotta be somewhere early tomorrow morning. Maybe some other time?”
you touch the place of him that bleeds. the holy light knits it together again.
Dean’s blood is still on Sam’s hands.
He drops the cooler. Settles down onto the waterlogged wood, Cas joining him a little closer than anybody else would, and grabs a beer.
, Dean thinks, vicious,
So when the impenetrable darkness surrounding him flickers, and the filaments of his heart begin to beat restlessly in the cradle of his ribs, Castiel doesn’t hesitate to pick himself up off of the nothing-floor and rise to his feet.
He misses Cas’s answer but when he looks up again Sam is smiling at him from the doorway, giving him a little wink before he dips off down the hall.
day 13: ladies' night
Dean doesn’t even roll his eyes. He sighs, but Castiel is fairly sure he knows what Sam’s doing by the way his blush darkness again and spreads to the tops of his ears.
It’s one of those boxed pies from a gas station, dense and dry and full of fake fruit. Cas presents it to Dean with a shy sort of smile—and shit. Shit, for a second Dean thinks he might actually fucking cry this morning, over a shitty pastry and an absent brother and an angel who tries so hard to make Dean smile.
Cas looks at him again. He’s smiling now, the small, lovely one, his eyebrows at a gentle slope and his mouth a soft curve. It’s desperately sad.
He’s back to gripping Castiel with careful, cautious force—a guarding sort of grip. Like a precaution. He wets his dry lips before he speaks, and the flash of his pink tongue makes Castiel want to cup Dean’s face in his hands.
Cas still doesn’t believe him.
Dean’s settled by it, in a way that feels as wrong and as instinctual as sinking a bullet between something’s eyes. What use is he, if not to be strong in the face of someone else’s fear?
And he is an in-between creature.
and his mouth hot and bloody from the bite on his tongue
Another emotion angels have no comprehension of his cowardice, but Castiel is human enough to admit that he experiences it now as he keeps his eyes stubbornly closed for one, two, three more seconds.
Sammy.
He thinks of Jack and Sam, looking every day for a way to get Cas back. He thinks of Sam asking him to be careful on the side of that road in Kentucky.
This is Cas’s true happiness.
“You are so,” Sam says, shaking his head, and his eyes are red—sleeplessness or tears, or both—but he’s smiling a little as he looks back and forth from Dean’s slumped figure to Jack and Cas’s exuberant tangle. “Goddamn infuriating. C’mere.”
Castiel would rather spend another week in the Empty than let Dean doubt himself where Castiel’s desire to touch him is concerned. He pulls Dean in again immediately, guiding his face to the warm slope of Castiel’s neck, lowering a reassuring palm to Dean’s nape.
I did. You don’t—you don’t even know…”
“Of course I’m scared, you son of a bitch,” Sam says. “I’m scared of losing you, and Eileen, and Jack, and everybody else I care about. I miss Cas every day, and I can’t go through something like that with you—“
They stay like this for a long time. Castiel allows himself to finally take in where they are, and he isn’t as surprised as he should be to see that it’s the barn where Dean saw Castiel for the first time in his memory. A spell like the one they must have worked would need a very strong connection to work, a tether—it’s flattering to think that their first meeting on earth had this much of an impact on Dean. Castiel holds him tighter.
For a moment Cas simply looks at him, unblinking and close, and having that gaze wash over him once more makes Dean’s throat tight.
Dean thinks Sam knows. Thinks he must be able to see it, written all over his face, in the way Dean’s gotta drink himself to sleep and can’t go into a certain room in the bunker without breaking down. In the way Dean can’t even say Cas’s name out loud.
Dean feels—oh, he feels small in Castiel’s arms, thinner and more brittle, somehow, than he had been before. The way he curls into Castiel, spine curved and elbows tucked in like a creature who has learned to protect its soft underbelly, makes something in Castiel’s throat burn.
“Say something,” Cas says on a whisper, coaxing Dean somehow closer with a nudge of his hand. “Please, so I know it’s you. I…”
It’s nice. It’s so nice that Castiel feels his eyes growing wet just to think about.
Dean tightens his hold on Castiel’s hand slightly as he says that word, and Castiel doesn’t miss it. It strikes him dumb, some place deep beneath his skin: he’s never said that aloud to Dean, has he? Never explained what the bunker means to him, and the people in it, not with clear, unarguable words. Dean never knew.
Dean throws himself into it with a zeal that he hasn’t felt in... Shit. Years. He doesn’t even feel it now, not really, but hunting is a distraction: something to do with his head and his hands so he doesn’t—so he won’t—
“I think if I—” Dean stops. Takes a long drink, like a piece of punctuation, and knows Cas doesn’t miss it. He delivers the rest of his words to his knees. “I think if I gotta forget you anyway, I at least deserve to. To know.”
There’s that word again. And maybe it’s the long day—the long few weeks, months, lifetime—but it has Dean’s eyes stinging hot again, a prickle that in his exhaustion he’s having a difficult time fighting back.
—and Castiel holds him all the tighter for it, his own eyes growing hot. “It worked! I knew it would!”
He understands why the Empty gave him this ultimatum now. He wonders how many times it’s taunted Cas like this: how many times it’s crashed in to break a heart Dean knows he himself has already had a hand in breaking far too often.
Castiel just sits at the table and watches the three of them work, heart so full that it’s difficult to imagine eating. He talks to Sam and Jack some, but he’s content to mostly listen. He’s missed them, and it’s good just to hear the easy flow of conversation between them all, steady and loud. It’s such a stark contrast to the Empty that Cas finds himself failing to blink, not wanting to miss a second of what’s taking place in front of him.
Dean rolls his eyes. He’s holding the hem of Castiel’s sleeve between two fingers, and Castiel isn’t sure he knows. “‘M fine, Sammy,” he mutters.
Dean’s heels drag lines in the pale gray sand. It clings in granules to the hem of his jeans.
Dean was a haunted house, and the wind blew through his eaves.
the Empty murmurs.
“Of course, man,” Sam says, and he’s still speaking, but the sound of his voice fades away as Castiel sees his third rescuer.
“The first time you will remember seeing me is in a barn in Illinois,” Cas murmurs. “You’ll sink your blade into my chest, because you don’t know what I am and you don’t know that I would do anything not to hurt you. It won’t harm me. It will make me—I will want to know you.” Cas breathes in, and out. “More destructively than I’ve wanted anything before.”
Dean smiles. “Fuck off,” he says, and lets himself slump a little further into Cas’s warmth. “Tell me how we meet?”\
and so henceforth the posting schedule is abolished because the author is no longer laboring until the constraints of finals week thank fucking christ
The end of the world is a black rent in the universe, closing tight like a mouth.
Sam finds him on the floor a day later, and there must be something on Dean’s face—he can feel it frozen like a mask, he is so very cold—because it’s terror in Sam’s eyes when he drops to his knees by Dean’s side, when he takes Dean’s frigid hands in his.
the Empty breathes into his head.
All except one.
But he knows the issues Dean has with leaning on others, with letting himself be taken care of. The last thing Castiel wants to do is upset him so soon—to scare him off. As much as the idea of holding Dean pleases Castiel, he isn’t willing to risk making Dean uncomfortable.
“You’re trying to upset me,” Cas says. There’s a waver to his voice, but still he smiles. This damn martyr. This self-sacrificing asshole, unable to understand that he deserves something good—
“You wanna put those on and, uh…” Dean tips his head toward the mattress, hoping that he doesn’t sound like he wants Cas’s answer to be
“You gotta. You—” a breath. His thumb is pressed up against the delicate assemblage of veins at the root of Castiel’s palm. Dean is choked when he says, “You can’t leave again.”
day 2: no vacancy
day 6: cemetery boys
They’re in Kentucky hunting down a werewolf, and there’s no way to prove that Dean throws himself in its path when he sees its claws extended, but that doesn’t seem to matter.
Dean holds on.
There it is again—the kinda thing that should probably make Dean mad. Affronted. The kinda thing that, on John Winchester’s tongue, would be a slight rather than an offer to take some of this weight off Dean’s shoulders.
He feels Cas turn to look at him, lowering the paperback he’d been reading. It’s one of the books Dean has squirrelled away in Baby’s trunk beneath the guns and the salt and the holy water, though Dean’s not sure which one; Cas slips a finger in to mark his place, and Dean forces his eyes back into the road before he crashes and kills them both.
He lowers it when his hands start shaking, when the pressure in his lungs is a desperate twist. Dean’s face is wet. Dean looks at the glass in his hand, and then Dean throws it at the wall.
There’s an empty chair in the middle of the room.
good. “But it won’t work. I don’t want him here. I will exist for the rest of time perfectly happy knowing that he’s alive, and loved. I regret many things about the life I lived,” he continues, and there is conviction in his eyes now. “But I will never regret having saved him, and I will
on the oklahoma-kansas line.
Dean does know.
He watches the way Cas’s hands move as he sets the plastic bag down between them and peels back the translucent layers, drawing something small out from within.
Castiel is light years older than the most ancient star.
Cas laughs. His thumb rubs over Dean’s ankle bone, an easy stroking circle. And then, like it’s nothing, he opens the book again, one-handed, and goes right back to reading.
There is a moment where Dean falls to his hands and knees while the blood rushes in his ears; there is a moment where Dean thinks,
when I saved you, Dean. Nothing but joy, and love.”
Cas is afraid.
“Is there something wrong with what I have on now?” he asks. It’s solemn, but Dean can see the grin that he’s got tucked up all secret.
Cas steps around Baby’s side. Glances at Dean, waiting for him to move first.
Jack squeezes him even tighter, and though he’s human now—he is; Castiel can see it in the timbre of his soul, mellow and warm and tenderly ochre rather than icy celestial white—he still nearly lifts Castiel from his feet with the force of his embrace.
with his neck tilted up
day 5: nostalgia
Dean thought it might be less like holding the sun in his hands to kiss Cas outside of the Empty’s leeching cold, but Dean thought wrong. There’s a fervency to everything Cas does: it bleeds through the hold he has on Dean, the intent with which his mouth moves. It’s a good damn kiss, but even if it wasn’t, Dean would feel it down to his toes simply by the sheer virtue of it having been bestowed by Cas in the first place.
He’s moving before he’s even made the decision, stretching himself out at Cas’s side as close as he can get without letting go of their hands. It’s almost unbearably cold now—the floor feels like a sheet of ice, the air scraps at his lungs when he breathes it in—but he doesn’t give a shit. He curls up close to Cas, their hands clasped between their chests, and smothers a sound at the twinge across his ribs from the werewolf attack that hasn’t fully healed.
They were kissing a handful of seconds ago, but this is what makes Dean flush. He ducks his head down, flustered, and touches the soft dip of Cas’s neck with his open lips, a not-quite kiss that has a tremor running through Cas like a faultline.
any unanswered questions may be directed toward the sequel which is going up some time this summer ;) subscribe to my ao3 page for updates!
Jack brings those that have been lost back, standing in the bunker with power shaking the slim line of his shoulders. Jack brings them all back—and Dean watches Sam fold Eileen in close to his chest, Dean watches reunions happen like a movie of someone else’s life—
Life goes on.
like a boy
“No,” Dean says, and it’s too loud in their golden pocket of night, and by the way he’s frowning at himself he knows it. He’s clinging to Castiel, and finally he looks at him head-on. “I don’t mean—I don’t even mean anything big like that. I mean you can’t
God, Dean’s gonna—he—Jesus Christ. Jesus
Dean can’t help the laugh that punches out of him, helpless and a little unsteady. He just nods.
Every surface is free of dust, shining and polished. The floors are waxed. The faucets gleam. Dean only deep-cleans when he’s sad, and Castiel has never seen the bunker this clean before.
“Dean,” says Jack. “I’m still trying to reach him.”
The Empty’s smile is rigid, is smooth as plastic, is nothing like the man it’s trying to emulate.
“I read that one,” Dean says. “Couple times. Not much help.”
Dean sits forward in his seat, turning the music down as he squints out into the darkness. It’s really coming down out there: it beats out a roar on the metal hood of the Impala, lashing at her windows until he can’t see a damn thing beyond the place where her headlights get swallowed by the rain.
Dean pulls back onto the road.
It humbles Castiel, this blind, entire devotion. That Jack has chosen Castiel as one of his own, and that Castiel gets to experience the whole of his affection every day.
He points the Impala’s nose toward the coast with the vague feeling that he’s doing something he shouldn’t be, and Cas doesn’t ask him why.
The dull thud of their bodies colliding is music.
Cas hands Dean one of the coffees, keeping the other for himself. Dean sits up a little further, resting back against the headboard and wrapping both hands around the warm cardboard.
They’re both so fucking earnest. “Yeah,” Dean says, a little rough. “Me too.”
Without warning Cas winds his palm around Dean’s ankle, pulls Dean’s leg up into his lap. He leaves his hand there, warm beneath the hem of Dean’s jeans and the top of his boot.
Sam and Jack and Dean eat, and even Cas has a few polite bites. Mostly he watches Dean. Mostly he watches Dean, and smiles like he—like he won the fucking lottery, when Dean shyly nudges Cas’s hand with his own.
Cas’s eyes have slipped closed again, his mouth turned down at the corners. Dean’s losing him.
Still touching him. Dean’s leg is cramped and his back is cold from the window and Dean says, “Can you tell me how long it’ll take before I meet you for real?”
There is a moment of hesitation. Then Cas lifts his arm and slips it around Dean, presses his hot palm to the middle of his lower back.
Dean has lost track of his pulse when something catches at the edge of his tired gaze.
He sits in bed for a long time doing this, the blankets pooled around his waist. It’s raining again outside the window, drizzly and gray. He’s cold. Cas is out.
“Guess I hadn’t really thought about it.”
Every part of Dean’s being longs to reach out to him—but something has him immobile, frozen there on his knees with his head bowed, with his spine aching, with everything he has ever wanted stretched out there before him if only he could lift his useless fucking hands and
he thinks, but doesn’t say.
Cas walking through the front door keeps the snap from splintering him at the last second.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks, man,” Dean rasps. He doesn’t feel like eating, but he probably
He thinks if Cas left his view for even a moment this soon after getting him back, Dean would have a fucking breakdown.
He isn’t so narcissistic as to think this change came about because of his confession—though he won’t deny that it likely played a part. Dean, a man so sensitive to loss already, has lost so much lately. Friends, family, even the illusion of his own free will. And though he’s gained it all back—gained true free will for the first time—well. Castiel hadn’t lied when he’d told Jack that Dean feels things more deeply than any human he knows. This loss isn’t something Dean can simply move past, even though it’s been rectified.
Dean doesn’t bother going down to the water. It’s freezing, actually, the briney air sneaking up under his layers and sending a shock of shivers down his skin. He sticks to the border of pines and leads Cas to the first fallen log he sees, good for sitting on and drinking and looking gloomily out at the untouchable ocean.
the idea of deancas and pride bracelets came to me from
Sammy moves faster than Dean expected—
It gets stuck in his throat.
He’s speaking, but Dean can’t hear him. Every sound is the same: a long unbroken line.
your palm presses to his cheek and your fingertips trace
at the top of my lungs?”
“Dean?” he says again, a question this time, and he’s frowning in concern, and god he looks different, he looks
He’s curled into himself like a half moon, his eyes closed, his hands clasped tight before his chest. His coat fans over him like a blanket. Like a pair of wings. He is so still.
look, fond and exasperated. Dean keeps driving.
say his name—he’ll doom himself for Cas to be able to get outta this place, go see Jack again, and Sam. Live his life like he deserves.
Beneath his palms is hard-packed earth, flecked with graying hay that sticks to his clammy skin and fills his nostrils with a musty scent. An old shotgun shell rests a foot beyond him, nestled in the pockmarked dirt, half the red plastic cylinder crushed and the metal end tarnished.
He doesn’t hit Dean. He takes the whisky from him, leaving Dean reaching, and instead of flint in his eyes there’s only sorrow.
Cas sets a hand in the dip of his waist, the shock-heat of his palm on Dean’s bare skin taking all the air away. He turns Dean around slowly to face him.
Dean kept himself still as she dragged the lipstick crayon around the circle of his mouth. He turned his face where Cherry guided him, those gentle pushes of her fingers, that light tug of his hair; when it got too hard to look into her sharp brown eyes he let his own close, and she said nothing.
“I haven’t thanked you yet,” Cas says. His lips brush Dean’s skin as he speaks, right over forty years of layered scars. “For rescuing me.”
And Dean, he fucking—he sits there. He lets Cas do it. He gets this soft patient circle rubbed into a place of him that nobody has bothered to touch before, and Cas’s lips move when he reads, and
Dean lets his eyes drift closed. He still ain’t that comfortable wedged against the glass like he is, despite Cas’s best efforts, but… but Baby as much a home as he’s ever had, and he feels safe held by her warm interior.
Dean almost wishes Cas looked angry at him, so he’d have something to hold onto. He just looks devastated instead.
Sam doesn’t ask Dean what happened. He wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders and pulls him in, the only warm thing in the room.
Castiel can’t take it for a moment more. He cradles Dean’s hands, turning them palm-up and running his thumbs gently beneath the two deep lines that have been cut there into his flesh. Dean jerks when Castiel heals him, as he does every time—sharp and reactive, like he expects more pain, like it’s illogical to assume tenderness is being handed to him—but when Castiel is finished, Dean melts. Wavers close to him, eyelids dropping, face set with determination and no small amount of fear.
love as violence
sorry for skipping a day! i was traveling. day 8's prompt will be posted this evening :)
(See the end of the chapter for
Jesus. Half a decade. Dean’ll be—what, thirty? That’s enough time to become a different person in, a couple times over.
well i think one thing we can all agree on is that i'm very bad at following prompts
and he says that when you looked at him as he told you he loved you
day 3: rainbows
Sam ignores him. It’s hard to see his features in the black of night; he moves to tuck the kit back in Baby’s glovebox, moving a little too rough.
“He’s gone,” Dean says eventually.
Dean doesn’t take it that way. He jerks back from Castiel with his eyes wide in the drawn planes of his face, and his hands on Castiel’s lapels shake. “Of course we did,” he gets out. He sounds angry, harsh and crumbling; but Castiel knows him better than he has ever known a living thing, so he sees the anguish making thunder out of Dean’s expression. He sees the way Dean is bowed inward, grief in every arcing line of him. “Cas,” Dean whispers. The hands become fists. He has smeared blood on the pale fabric of Castiel’s coat; Castiel bundles those hands in his own and holds them, safely, closely. “Of
, so much older than the gangly kid Dean saw walk away six months ago, and Dean takes a step forward to get his arms around him, something, anything, and Dean—
Dean’s arms slip around him now, take up clutching fistfuls of fabric behind Castiel’s back. He’s breathing into Castiel’s skin. Castiel can feel the bumps of Dean’s spine through his layers, pressing up from beneath his flesh like a mountain range.
Dean loves him so much he’s gutted with it.
The morning Dean turns twenty-three, he wakes up to a text from Sam.
One of his hands lifts partway, like he wants to reach out, before he stops himself abruptly and lets it hang empty at his side.
(See the end of the chapter for
Like right now.
Jack peels off first. He hugs Cas around the neck, probably a little too tight to be comfortable; Cas sets a hand on the small of Jack’s back, eyes drifting closed.
Dean makes a face like Castiel hit him. Eyes wide and the skin of his lips gone pale.
Dean can’t repeat it out loud. Hell—Dean can barely repeat it to himself, will only let himself think about it when he’s drinking with the goal of passing out and won’t hafta contemplate the words for long.
“Yeah?” Dean says, slightly wavering. “Well I’m pretty friggin’ great, I guess.”
i told everybody on twitter that i was worried this chapter is very boring, since it's essentially just a bunch of men having conversations. i hope i proved myself wrong ldfslk
Cas kisses Dean’s forehead. It should feel mothering, juvenile; it shouldn’t wash Dean over like the gentlest tide.
Dean thinks again.
Dean leans on him for a moment, and Sam holds him up.
There’s divinity just in saying it aloud. He watches Dean’s eyes close, watches him sway into Castiel like the words move him on their own, and thinks that telling Dean how he feels is the thing he regrets doing least in all his days.
“You did good,” Dean tells him. His hands are full—he switches the bottle to the crook of his arm and he squeezes the nape of Jack’s neck with his free hand, gently like he’ll shatter if Dean presses too hard. “Get some rest.”
It starts to rain in the late afternoon, heavy as sheet metal.
Dean stares.
you contemplate the fallacy of
Sam is stone cold silent as he patches Dean up.
“I suppose I must, then,” Cas says. He shoots Dean one last smile for the road and turns around, already shrugging out of his coat.
Sam and Cas talk for a little while after that, low voices that Dean allows to lull him as he sips at the dregs of his beer and scrapes the last bit of cinnamon sugar off his plate with the side of his fork. It’s good just to be able to hear them. The bunker’s been so quiet these past few weeks, so still. Having Cas here makes it into a home again.
“Hey.” Dean gives Jack his best smile, reaching out to touch his knee because it’s the nearest part of him. “You would’ve figured something out if I didn’t.”
“I’m coming,” Dean says out loud as he peers into the inkyness, searching for anything—a hint of movement, a glimmer of color—that never comes. He tastes the words in the dip of his tongue, knowing they’ll be the last he speaks for a while. Hopefully not forever. “Hold on, Cas.”
Cas sighs, hands flexing on Dean’s shoulders. He turns his head slightly and meets Dean’s mouth head-on. Lingers there for a moment.
Castiel loves him, and loves him, and loves him.
The car goes quiet.
Dean is still sleeping against him. He’s been out cold this whole ride, cheek turned in to Castiel’s coat, lips parted slightly as he breathes, and there is a great welling tenderness tucked up beneath Castiel’s breastbone that’s so large it’s almost pain. He smooths Dean’s hair back from his forehead as Sam urges Jack out of the Impala, murmuring something about “privacy,” and bemoans waking Dean up.
“Sorry that I…” Dean trails off vaguely, gesturing at Cas’s coat, the way it’s gone wrinkled under Dean’s weight.
“Yeah,” Dean grunts. He wipes the sleep from his eyes with the back of his hands, mouth dry, and tosses his phone down onto the nightstand so he doesn’t fucking have to look at it anymore. “Where were you?”
Castiel keeps their hands tangled, watching the landscape blur by them as the Impala eats at the miles of road between them and home. When Dean slides across the bench seat so he can be directly next to Castiel, Castiel simply smiles and squeezes his hand; and thirty minutes later when Dean’s head droops down to rest against Castiel’s shoulder, when the roll of the interstate lulls him at last to sleep, Castiel marvels at how a love this big can even fit inside him.
go for those breakfast beers if he doesn’t, so. Crappy heartfelt overly-emotional pie it is. “I didn’t figure you’d, um, know. When my birthday is. Didn’t figure I’d celebrate it in the future.”
“Cas,” Dean rasps after a moment, letting his forehead drop to Castiel’s shoulder. He seems—he is exhausted. Beaten in a way that Castiel has never seen him before. A way that seems almost dangerous. For a man so strong, he’s closer now than ever to breaking. “Please. Come home.”
Dean forces himself through those last few stumbling steps, and then he falls to his knees at Cas’s side.
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, ok, then.
Sam stops talking. His eyes are wet, and tired.
They take a hunt in the western part of the state, and then two in Wyoming, and then one in a little town on the edge of Idaho and Oregon, and then Dean looks up one day and three weeks have passed.
It’s like a punch to the chest. For a minute he can’t breathe, gaping down at Cas, finally in his hands after all these weeks. All these years.
