Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “You have a lot of stipulations for your bed-partner,” he said.
position.”
“Of course,” John said.
” Sherlock said. “In case you’ve forgotten, John, we are attempting to catch a serial killer. I would venture to say that our endeavor is a bit more important than whatever tedious thing your
,” Sherlock said. “You’ll notice
“Is this the scariest case you’ve ever had?” Conor asked eagerly, jogging alongside Sherlock.
never left
didn’t make John feel as if a bit of him had broken off, crumbled to pieces on the pavement, and he might never be whole again.
“Because of Mary,” Sherlock said. “And the baby.”
“Little black pouch,” John said. “Everything you’ll need in there.”
John.”
“Go to sleep,” Sherlock said.
John as he thought. “That seems to be the most obvious answer,” he said, “but not the most likely.”
Mrs. Hudson,” John said, staring at Gilly’s lifeless body. She appeared to still be alive, breathing shallowly, but she was bleeding profusely from her head and her jaw seemed broken.
“Ah,” John said, wishing that he had eaten a bit more of the linguine as a show of gratitude towards the man. “Yeah. I did. Thanks so—”
John narrowed his eyes. Something in him doubted that Lestrade had been in a situation wherein he discovered that his wife had a secret past as an assassin and shot his best mate in the chest for finding her out, but he decided to have a listen anyway.
John felt as if all the pints he’d ever drank hit him at once. Everything spun. His mouth fell open, but the whole of the English language was gone from his brain.
I deal in subtext and stories untold.
John removed the pillow from his face. “Just so you know,” he said, “we are getting up early tomorrow and burning these sheets in the fireplace. Before your mum can even think about coming in here to change the bedding.”
thing Sherlock wanted. John writhed against his body, bowing backwards, trying like hell to catch Sherlock’s lips with his own. God he needed this.
“I want so badly to keep you,” Sherlock said, “but I know I can’t.”
John felt his spit-slick fingers graze his hole and let out a gasp, his hand momentarily pausing on his cock. He spread his legs, leaning forward slightly against the counter, giving the arm reaching behind him better access to the part of him currently aching for touch. The tip of his finger slid inside and John cursed. He was starting to sweat, a thin layer of perspiration forming over his forehead. He worked a finger inside, trying to stifle his moans. There was not as much lube as he wanted by half, but it was enough and John could make it work. He needed to feel something inside him, needed to feel Sherlock inside him. John was nearly breathless by the time he was buried to the knuckle in his arse. He gave his cock a slow stroke and felt himself tense around his finger. He imagined the sound Sherlock would make at that, feeling John’s arse clench around his cock. John would have given quite a lot to find out at the moment. His hand started moving on his cock once more.
“Fuck,” he said.
Sherlock clamped a hand around John’s bollocks and John gasped. “You have to be quiet, John,” Sherlock said. “And still. We don’t want to wake the rest of the house, now do we?”
Back at the café, Claire had gathered up Conor and the few things the family had brought to the island, looking more than ready to leave. Conor seemed to have calmed down since discovering the sheep carcass, and Fitz was back to sniffing for rabbits nearby. John found himself envying the resilience of youth. Sherlock caught up with them, apparently finished photographing the dead sheep.
A seal—fat and black—eventually grew tired of waiting for the two of them to leave. He drifted onto the shore on his belly, tugging himself along in the frothy waves by his flippers. He planted himself on the beach and lowered his head onto the sand. His tail flopped about a few times and then settled.
A branch slapped against the window. Sherlock thought he heard the sound of glass splintering.
Sherlock had said.
You never do the wash!
It was half-three in the morning on some god-forsaken island off the coast of central Finland. The sun hadn’t properly set and wouldn’t for another several months; it was maddeningly bright. It was one or two degrees Celsius at the most, and the temperature was dropping. Clouds were rolling in, promising nasty weather in their wake, and the wind blew as if out for vengeance. Sherlock held John’s face in his hands and kissed him with everything he had and John would have sworn, absolutely sworn, that it was paradise.
A staticky cry—sharp and demanding—sounded from the baby monitor.
You’ll find that I am flexible,
“Ah,” John said. He rather hated that he knew exactly what she was talking about.
Sherlock didn’t respond. He didn’t even turn his head towards the sound. It was possible he didn’t even blink. He didn’t need to blink—he was a water-dwelling creature. John’s voice could barely be heard through the murk surrounding him, a muffled echo that may or may not have just been Sherlock’s imagination, if he had one of those anymore. It was difficult to tell. The water was thick and heavy and Sherlock had to do very little to survive in it.
The caretaker’s room was situated directly over the café and spoke of a fairly minimalist lifestyle. John supposed that Declan must have gotten rid of most of his possessions—or kept them in storage on the mainland—in preparation for taking up residence on an island for several months straight. His bed was neatly made and pushed up against a wall. He had a small stack of books sitting atop a little dresser, a head torch sitting just beside. There was a little table set up in the corner of the room, a few notebooks, a lantern, and some knick knacks sitting on its surface. The walls were bare, and it didn’t seem as if Declan did much in the name of decorating.
“Binoculars,” Sherlock was saying. “There was a set of binoculars in here.”
about the moment that John found himself melting a little. His heart stuttered and John cursed everything.
“I won’t press,” Sherlock said. “And whatever your answer is, I will trust you and will say nothing more on the matter. But please tell me honestly, John—is this what you want?”
.” John pressed his eyes shut. He was far too tired and covered in bog for any of this.
You glance around you, checking to be sure the Tube compartment hadn’t materialized into an office without your awareness. It hadn’t. “Oh,” you say.
“I know,” Sherlock repeated, his own voice barely audible as well because John was right. The two of them fit together, and in much more than a literal sense. There was something so suddenly correct about it, like the long-sought answer to a befuddling question, or the way Sherlock could lay eyes on a smudge of dirt on a victim’s shoes and the whole mystery of a previously-unsolvable crime was unraveled, laid bare before him. It all made sense, it all made so much sense. Sherlock was certain it would take him apart, break him down into tiny pieces right in the moment. John moaned and shifted and took him deeper.
With the chill of the wind nipping at his skin, the last thing John wanted at the moment was a swim. Still, the view was pleasant, and the breeze brought in the thick smell of seawater that reminded John of childhood holidays. The waves hissed and sloshed as they splashed against the boulders that lined the shore.
“Look at me,” John said, some cross between his soldier-voice and something else—a new voice that Sherlock doubted even John’s patients ever heard, something soft and suspiciously close to caring. Sherlock, of course, had no choice but to comply. He opened his eyes and met John’s gaze. John had blood smudged across his forehead and his face was strained and twitching, yet his eyes were clear, temporarily shunning all signs of agony to be only a source of comfort, a spot of clear skies amidst storm clouds. Sherlock had a sense that if he did anything to harm this man, there was absolutely no way he could be permitted to go on living in this world.
“Island life was hard,” Conor said, hopping along the path in front of them. “Every day the Islanders had to fight to survive.”
“I’ll see to it that you have an opportunity to bid each other farewell,” Mycroft said as he packed a delirious John into a cab, vanishing before John had the chance to ask him what the hell
When he opened his eyes again, Sherlock was staring at him, transfixed.
“Not to me, it wasn’t,” John said. His eyes were wet and his throat was stinging. He didn’t want to be saying this to Sherlock, not any of it, but the words seemed insistent on leaving him. “To me, I watched you die. I watched you—my best friend—throw yourself off a roof right in front of me—
By the time John finished repairing the floors in Declan’s sleeping quarters, his mobile had grown silent. Sherlock had sent a barely-formed text when Lucy’s surgery was finished, and John supposed that Sherlock was busy talking to the veterinarian. A little part of his brain worried whether Lucy had fared the surgery all right. Another little part of his brain reminded him that Lucy was, in fact, just a sheep. In turn, he reminded that part of his brain that humans have very little control over what they feel and for whom.
He must have nodded off like that, with his knees drawn to his chest and his head tilted back against the side of the mattress. When he woke up, the first hints of sunlight were starting to peek through the window. The sky was a dusky blue and growing lighter.
“You solve puzzles,” you say.
mistaken.”
He’s a typical-looking sort of fellow. He’s wearing an oversized jumper and has a knit cap pulled low over his head. After-work crowd—manual labor, most likely. He’s wearing those sort of glasses that turn to sunglasses when they go outside, but they haven’t fully changed back into glasses yet, covering his eyes with a light tint. His gaze is fixed on the telly as he drinks his beer.
John chose to ignore his feeling of disappointment.
“Hmm?”
. He slipped under the blankets and his body gave a tired little cheer. If
John started, looking away from the scenery with surprise. “You’re worried about
“No,” Sherlock said, his brow furrowing. “You’re wrong. I…” He shook his head. “I shouldn’t have left. I should have found another way to save you. There had to have been another way. I just wasn’t clever enough.”
Sherlock shrugged again. “You might as well be the center of it all too,” he said. “We’re close enough at the moment to render the mathematical difference meaningless. You can share the center with me. I don’t mind.”
John shrugged. “If I had to.”
“I was pleasantly surprised,” Sherlock said. He cleared his throat. “And that, uh. Kiss. Towards the end. That was well-played.”
“John, I…” Sherlock’s voice was unsteady. Wet. “I don’t…”
They were waiting outside a restaurant for a table—Sherlock chose a spot for dinner that, again, was based on number of people inside the restaurant—when John heard somebody calling their names. He glanced up and saw Hugh jogging towards them, large smile on his face. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John in preparation for the encounter, nearly knocking the wind out of him.
“That flashdrive,” he said. “The one you gave me, with your initials on it. Was there ever anything on it?”
“I trust your judgment, doctor,” Sherlock said with a small smile.
“I had a feeling,” John said. “Listen. I’ll care for Rosie, don’t you worry about her. I’ll be sure that she’s safe and happy and cared for. And I’ve got plenty of help in all that. When you’re ready to come back to London,” he paused, considered, “
“Why aren’t we in the flat?” Sherlock asked. “Weren’t we just in a flat?”
“Just like Pierce Ferriter,” Conor said. “Hiding out in a cave, waiting to kill all the Englishmen.” He glanced at Sherlock and John again, flinching. “Sorry.”
“Huh,” John said, peering into the corpse. “There really are
John chuckled. “Tell them I’ve had my tongue cut out by some vengeful gangsters.”
“Tell me how it happened,” John breathed, hips bucking against Sherlock’s. “That night. Help me remember.”
Sherlock kissed along John’s neck, his ear, his cheek. “Of course it was,” he said.
John’s brow furrowed slightly. “How much of
He had told Mary quite a bit about Sherlock at this point. She knew about nearly all of their adventures, had a working understanding of Sherlock's theories of deduction, and was wholly familiar with all of Sherlock’s idiosyncrasies, both endearing and infuriating.
you. I always have.”
more interesting to do out here.”
didn’t come up with it.”
John patted his trouser pockets. He hadn’t even thought to check to be sure he still had his mobile, wallet, keys. Thankfully, he felt all of them. He pulled his mobile out of his pocket, wincing in anticipation of what he might discover. He was out well past the hour he told Mary he’d return by and hadn’t thought to offer any sort of warning that he might be out later than expected after he’d left the pub in a panic. He couldn’t imagine this would put Mary in any sort of better mood. However, when he checked his mobile, he only saw two texts from Lestrade—lengthy apologies, the both of them—and nothing from Mary.
John waved his fork at Sherlock. “Go on, then.”
Lestrade raised his glass in a cheers. “No worries, mate. I remember what those early months are like. Feels like your whole life revolves around some needy, whining, helpless mess.” He took a pull of his pint and chuckled. “Course. You’re probably used to that with Sherlock.”
“Of course,” John said. “She’s wonderful. Not exactly sleeping through the night, but…”
“Yes,” the man said, folding up the map on which Baker Street was almost certainly listed. “Yes, I believe it is. Do you know how to get there from here?”
Sherlock glared. He pointed at John with his notebook. “I will make you understand how wrong you are,” he said, “if it’s the last thing I do.”
text messages, but he found himself doing so anyway, and then staring at his mobile in wait for Sherlock’s response.
You aren’t sure what it is, but something about this little blob of a person makes you smile. You’d like to imagine that they’re tired of it all too, that they come up to the roof when it’s all a bit too much to smoke a cigarette and feel a part of something, even if none of it is real. You’d like to imagine that if you met them, they would understand. There would be two of you, then. Two living souls in the whole of the city.
“From what I can tell,” Sherlock said, “Maggie and Lucy’s flat isn’t in the most respectable of neighborhoods, and I’d like to verify that they’ve received the money before we leave.”
Lestrade had a look like he was about to tell a small child there was no such thing as Santa Claus and really,
“Nope,” John said, shaking his head. “No I can’t.”
He looked back at John, asleep on the bed. John let out a little snore and shifted, his head dropping to the side. His neck stretched out before Sherlock, an extended column of soft skin, the firm bone of John’s jaw protruding just above. Sherlock had his mouth on John’s neck not very long ago and yet somehow ages ago, feeling John’s stubble on his tongue and the vibrations of his moans on his lips. Sherlock couldn’t help but think that John’s outstretched arm looked welcoming, an invitation to crawl into the warmth of the bed and sleep at John’s side until the sun shone through the window. In these sorts of moments, it felt like everything was melting, and melting was no good because melting meant death.
John was too far away. Sherlock tugged at John’s arms, pulling him into sitting.
Sherlock, for once, said nothing. John supposed that getting the last word in with Sherlock would feel much more satisfying if the whole thing wasn’t happening in his own bloody head.
He still had his key to 221b—of
“Let me see if I’ve worked it out,” Sherlock said. “Your work at a travel agency allows you helpful access to information about potential victims and grants you the advantage of knowing more about the house in which they’ll be staying than the victims do themselves. Not to mention the little cameras you plant, surveying their every move while remaining undetected. The fact that rentals are listed through multiple agencies also makes the killings seem more random. Harder to trace back to you.”
me. You ask me on all your bloody cases, so I have no idea—”
Sherlock nodded. The knives in his throat were back. He was definitely bleeding. “I know.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “Between the two of us, we ought to overpower him easily. There is rope in the supply closet, and I have the set of handcuffs I’ve nicked from Lestrade, of course.”
John’s hand dropped from his hair.
“I thought it would be nice,” Sherlock said, his eyes on John’s feet.
The boat was small for a passenger boat, meant to hold about a dozen people if nobody minded being cozy. Sherlock currently stood at the stern, out in the open air with Darren O’Sullivan, chatting about the case. John spent the first part of the journey in the back with the two of them but ventured towards the front of the boat—the bit that had a roof over it—when he grew tired of getting spray in his face each time the boat shuddered its way through a wave. Now he sat near the front, watching Will seemingly steer the boat towards the largest of the waves and concentrating on keeping his breakfast inside his body.
“For Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers?” Sherlock said. “You ought to be holding doors open for
“Only if you want it to be, John.” Sherlock winked.
When they reached the path—flat and worn and safe—John’s legs went out from under him. He collapsed onto his back, panting. It felt as if the whole of him was shaking, all the way down to the tips of his fingers.
It’s all quite fine to me.
“Prove it,” Sherlock said, and he was
“What if I gave you an out?” Mary said. “Right now, what if I gave you an out? If you don’t want to be married anymore, don’t want this life here with me, you could have this moment to say so.” She met his eyes, her face calm, as if this was nothing more than a casual chat. “I’m giving you this moment, John. I’m opening the gate, and I promise I won’t chase after you if you choose to run.”
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to his teacup. He traced the rim with a finger. “If you’d like,” he said, “I can stay with you. Tonight.”
, there hadn’t been a pulse. Sherlock was dead. And yet, John couldn’t help but think that if there was any one man who could find a way to outsmart death, it was Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock appeared in the doorway, brushing dust off his hands. “Nothing of value in here,” he said. “We can leave.”
“Oh God,” Claire moaned behind them. Darren wrapped an arm around her.
“I can be patient for some things,” Sherlock said. “The things that matter.”
John blinked. For a moment, he had no idea what Sherlock was on about. Then he remembered stumbling back to Baker Street the morning after Sherlock shot Magnussen, blearily falling into Sherlock’s bed and not moving until the afternoon, his dreams full of fire. A pang of shame lodged itself in his throat, as if he’d been caught doing something unseemly.
John blinked. He could tell his mouth had fallen open.
I can’t quite match the way it feels
John wiped at the drops with the side of his thumb. He smoothed Sherlock’s damp hair away from his face, fingers slipping into curls and staying for a moment longer than was strictly necessary. There was an expression on his face that Sherlock couldn’t quite deduce in the dim light. It was similar to the
“For me as well,” Sherlock whispered against John’s cheek. “As you know.” He massaged the tip of his finger into John and John gasped, the sensation strange but not unpleasant. John bore down against Sherlock, taking more of him in. He could feel Sherlock’s breaths growing ragged against him, Sherlock’s forehead dipping down to his shoulder. Sherlock’s finger pulsed inside him, tiny movements in and out.
Sherlock’s brain made a play at deductions, but its wheels moved slowly, as if through mud. He could see the disparate bits of John’s face floating in front of him—hooded eyes, pupils dilated, labored breathing, pulse pounding and thudding at John’s neck—but couldn’t make very much out of what it all might mean other that what Sherlock wanted it to mean. He found that he wanted it to mean quite a bit at the moment. His mouth suddenly felt dry.
However, the world always makes itself known at some point.
John, not even for a second, considered it. “I’m coming with you,” he said. “Full stop.”
As they walked further into the field, the land began to tilt noticeably upwards, sloping into the mountain that covered the whole of the island. John figured that the walk was about to get a touch more strenuous.
“No they haven’t.” Sherlock dragged a piece of gnocchi through the sauce at the bottom of John’s plate. He seemed reluctant to make eye contact. The couple behind them laughed again, this time complete with a rough snort.
Plan 11 was hideously ill-advised, even more so than Plan 39, which involved somehow procuring the resources of MI6 and the bulk of the fire brigade to stage some sort of a coup on Appledore or any other spot of unofficial power that could use a little overthrowing. Plan 39 had been dismissed shortly after its formation, although Sherlock liked to return to it when he was feeling a bit sour. Plan 11 only made Sherlock feel more sour.
do you get off, giving me a lecture on my own love life?” he half-shouted. “Just because you’ve been voluntarily celibate for the past three years doesn’t mean the rest of us have to be.”
When John woke up the next morning, his arms were empty.
The tide was strong, ripping John away from the boat immediately. The man thrashed in his arms. His feet collided with John’s shins. His head writhed against John’s. John could hear the man trying to shout, could see gaping bubbles escaping from his wide mouth, careening towards the surface. John held on. He tightened his grip, held the man’s arms to his side, the man’s back to John’s chest. He was not letting go. Not letting go. Not letting go.
“I can hear you thinking,” Sherlock said. “I’m afraid there’s no other way. The sofa in the sitting room is in plain view of the window. If the killer comes by and sees one of us sleeping on the sofa, our game will be up.”
“Stop,” Sherlock said, releasing John’s hand and touching his fingers to John’s lips. “Wait. Just a moment. Let me remember this. I want to keep it, just as it is.” He shut his eyes, his brow furrowed. “Just as it is before you say what you’re about to say. Please.”
John shook his head. Despite everything, he was smiling now too. “I think,” he said, “that is somehow one of the nicest things you’ve said to me.”
Sherlock felt something shake loose inside himself. “I missed this too,” he whispered.
the not shagging that has me asking...” Mrs. Hudson started.
“As soon as we get to Keswick,” Sherlock said, narrowly avoiding being run down by a van nearly twice the size of their rental, “you and I are a couple.”
“Lucky you,” Sherlock said. He paused in his task to pull John’s shoes off, taking care with John’s bad foot. John winced all the same, and Sherlock found himself wincing in response, despite the fact that he was not the one who was injured. Odd reaction, that. Once John’s trousers were finally off, John swung himself around, extending his legs on Sherlock’s bed and examining his ankle.
The smell and the grunts and the grime?
“It’s a great tub, isn’t it?” Hugh asked.
Sherlock started walking down the pavement in the direction of their car, but John stayed where he was, holding tight to Sherlock’s hand until Sherlock stopped moving. Sherlock turned to face him, an eyebrow lifted.
(more lovely than a person should)
Sherlock heard a section of the cliff separate with a crack and tumble down into the falls behind him and knew John was right. Still, he shook his head.
Sherlock perched himself on the edge of the tub, seeming unsure if he should look at John or the floor. “Lestrade confirmed that Hugh will be released,” he said.
John shook his head. “Can’t say I have.” He wasn’t so sure about Sherlock. For a man who sometimes seemed content to burrow into Baker Street and say to hell with the rest of the world, he had seemingly been everywhere. And that was
“Holmes.” John seemed particularly annoyed at this point. “I exist entirely within your own mind. If I have come to erroneous conclusions, it is only because you led me there. However, I believe that both you and I know that my conclusions are sound. The only point of confusion is why you refuse to listen.”
Sherlock crouched low and angled them so they approached the cottage to the side, as out of view from the windows as possible. He tugged John around to the side of the house, finding an area without windows and pressing his back to it, listening. John did the same. The place seemed still, no noise coming from inside. Sherlock slunk around the back of the cottage, ducking underneath windows, getting the lay of the land.
John separated from him just far enough to look at him. It wasn’t 1895 John anymore, but the other John, the John who stood on the tarmac with him, who Sherlock made laugh while his heart was breaking. His greying hair was plastered to his head and his well-shaved face was slick with water and his checkered shirt was soaked through. He smiled up at Sherlock, the blue of his eyes shining through the mist of the falls.
John forced himself to laugh. “Yeah,” he said. In truth, he hadn’t seen very much of Sherlock as of late. As far as he knew, Sherlock still wasn’t taking on many cases and spent much of his time at Baker Street, in what Mrs. Hudson referred to as the
Sherlock surged forward into John’s mouth, pushing him backwards against the wall. His fingers dug into John’s hair, gripping, guiding. John’s head knocked against the wall and Sherlock’s cock knocked against the back of John’s throat and he gripped at Sherlock’s hips, not so much holding him still as holding on. Sherlock extracted one hand from John’s hair to prop himself against the wall, holding himself up as his hips snapped against John’s mouth. John moaned and felt the whole of Sherlock’s body shudder from the sensation. Sherlock’s cock seemed to be everywhere at once, across John’s lips, along his tongue, pounding at the back of his throat, hard and hot and fast and needy. John was a drooling mess already, fingers digging into Sherlock’s hips, breathing in tight gasps only when he could. The stone of the ruins cut into John’s back, into his head. He could barely feel it. Nonsense words dripped from Sherlock’s mouth—gibberish fragments of curses and praises and John’s name again and again.
John did his best not to poke at it.
“I’m only pointing out,” Sherlock said, barely able to look him in the eye, “that we have choices.”
“Ah,” John said. Sherlock’s eyes were so goddamn blue it was unfair.
You spy him at a ledge, peering into a window. He’s got his little tool in his hand again, the one he used to pick the lock on the back door. He slips the shining thing under the window pane and cracks the window open with a firm jerk of his arm. You curse.
“The blog is meant to turn your scrupulous and precise science of deduction,” John said, “into something palatable and entertaining enough for people to read without falling asleep. So they’ll contact us with their problems. So you can get cases and won’t resort to shooting the walls out of boredom. Including lengthy details about a dirty car doesn’t quite suit that purpose.”
raise a glass to you, my friend,
“Mrs. Hudson,” he said, doing his best to straighten his hair from what looked to be an unfortunate case of bedhead. “What’s the matter?”
Hearts,
John pulled off him briefly. His panted breath was hot against the slick saliva that coated Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock felt himself whine.
Paste on a beard, all dirty and weird, and
Sherlock stepped closer to the edge of the rocks. The flash drive dangled by its string in his hand. “You’ll return John to me,” he said, the command still having a hint of a question to it. “Once you have the drive.”
Lestrade frowned. “I managed to convince him to take on one or two. I tried to bring him some easy ones. Ones he could solve from the flat. You know, increase his confidence or what-have-you. He saw right through that, of course.”
John’s lungs were screaming.
He heard Sherlock make a small sound. “And I thought about fucking you,” he said.
“And there’s a small nevus just on my right iris,” he says, “but at the distance you were, you would hardly be expected to—”
“I’ll take offense to that last bit,” John said.
Sherlock started the car. “Mary is likely to be headed to Lithuania,” he said. “Vilnius, I’d say. At least for the time being. Another brief stop. Likely to assume a new identity and move on. Polish names are still present in Lithuania, but they become less frequent the further she heads north.” He tapped on his lips. “Would she have stopped for the night along the way? If so, our best bet is to try to drive straight through. Gain some time.”
What adventures there will be!
Art by
He cracked his eyes open. His eyelids weighed a metric ton and seemed to slip open at different speeds, eyelashes clinging together in defiance. The world was dim and blurry and swirling. Not useful at all for data collection. His eyes temporarily defied him and slammed closed again, but he managed to wrest them open with tremendous effort. There were shapes. Different patterns of light. A rectangle-shaped glow that might have been an open doorway. A square-shaped object just next to the rectangle that seemed to be solid, not a doorway. A moving blob next to him that was also not a doorway.
I deal in disguises,
A few things click together in your head. “Are we following someone?” you ask.
Sherlock whimpered in response and John lifted him slightly, holding him just over his cock so he could thrust up into him with abandon. Sherlock cried and twisted his head against John’s, mouthing at his temple with dumb lips. He was warm and slick and tight, and John could still feel Sherlock’s arse quivering around him from his orgasm, could still feel Sherlock’s come trickling between his fingers. He growled and thrust harder, biting against Sherlock’s shoulder, tasting the salt of his skin.
“Yes,” John said. “Yes. Yes, they do. But, Sherlock,
” His footsteps down the stairs were loud and urgent, shaking the whole of the cottage.
John chuckled. “I’m fine,” he said. “I don’t need hospital.”
John could see Sherlock’s face go cold. “He doesn’t look unharmed,” he said.
John’s head spun. “Breaking his heart?” he asked. “I didn’t break his heart. I’m not even convinced he
John didn’t like any of this.
“There what is?” Sherlock asked.
He makes a little humming noise. “This is much more interesting.” He sets off through the square, dodging tourists with ease, his coat fluttering behind him.
The confusion is perpetual,
” Sherlock was nearly bouncing along the floor. “That must be what he stole from the Taibhse Brothers. He stole it but he hid it somewhere. I would bet my life that those pages,” he pointed at the papers in John’s hand, “tell us where.”
“Who?”
“Right,” Sherlock said, locating the packet and tearing it open. He managed to work a fresh pair of gloves onto his hands without spilling everything everywhere. It felt as if his heart was trying to climb out of his throat.
good. Sherlock stood there in the center of the dance floor at John’s wedding, remembering precisely how John’s body felt as it wrapped around his fingers, his cock. He remembered how John gasped and cursed and moaned and cried out for him, how John bucked and writhed against him, how John’s body clenched and spasmed as he came, one hand bracing against the wall, the other pumping furiously over his cock. He remembered John still smiling up at him after, that bloody smile. He remembered melting into John’s mouth, his spent body. He remembered wanting to stay as such forever—a foolhardy notion, spurred on by alcohol, no doubt.
Sherlock gritted his teeth. He considered John. “My colleague,” he said, “Doctor John Watson.”
John blinked. He blinked again.
tossed me out into the snow.
“—And if you tell me that Sherlock doesn’t go for relationships,” she said, “I swear to god I will stay married to you out of sheer spite.”
John’s whole body tensed. He cursed. Punched at the wall. Cursed again.
invaluable to me,
—is he good at this. You make a noise you don’t understand and your whole body goes shaky all at once and you’re going to come embarrassingly fast, you can tell. You’re not even sure you’re going to make it through the next few seconds. You think of anything you can to stave off your orgasm, to keep his mouth on you for just a few moments longer. You think of the football match you didn’t care about (
John smiled back and rubbed at her arm some more. He wasn’t particularly sure what to say in response. “That’s lovely,” he tried.
“Again,” John said, “the problem isn’t really about the show
Instead, they were met by silence. Emptiness. The warehouse was shrouded in darkness, a blackness that seemed all-encompassing. The only sound to be heard was the wind outside and the occasional squeak of John’s shoes. As Sherlock’s eyes adjusted to the dim light coming through the cracks in the windows, he could tell that the warehouse was abandoned. Not so much as a rat bothered to take up residence at the moment.
“Declan’s chicken-scratch just might pay off after all,” Sherlock said, running a finger across a blank page. “Poor handwriters tend to write in a heavy-handed manner. And heavy-handed writers,” he took the edge of the pencil and started lightly coloring over the page, “leave a mark.” He lifted up the journal for John to see.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the space where John sat. “You moved my bedside table.”
“Holmes,” John leaned forward. “What you feel. It is not simple, by any means, but it is not dangerous and it is not a disadvantage and it is certainly not
“Yeah,” John said, a bit reeling that he had just promised to be Sherlock’s boyfriend, although certainly not in the same way he had once hoped. “Well. Never be it said I wasn’t willing to help.”
John felt a heat sweep through his body, something like joy fluttering in his chest. “That was…”  he said. “I mean, I’d hoped it was real. But I thought you might’ve just been shamming.”
“So?” John asked. “What the hell was with the—”
“From time to time,” Sherlock said. He nudged at John’s thigh. “Another one.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock,” John hissed. “Where did you find cameras?”
Mycroft’s connection was decently helpful, a woman with a high enough position in the government to have access to surveillance. She was able to confirm that Mary was in the city just as early as the day before. Mary had ditched her old car for another one—likely just as stolen—and wore her hair dark and cropped around her shoulders. Sherlock was able to glean enough information to figure out where she might be heading next. John was bleary and blinking throughout the whole of the meeting, barely able to mutter out a thank-you to Mycroft’s connection before he and Sherlock got back in the bloody car.
“This is wonderful news,” Sherlock said, sweeping John into his arms and pulling him close, a play at a tender moment. “The killer is certain to come for us tonight.”
My plans were iron-clad, but damn—
The day was dismal, thick clouds covering the whole of the sky. John spied some darker shades of grey in the distance—likely poor weather later. The air had a chill to it, and the wind was stronger than yesterday, which John didn’t think possible. He zipped his jacket up to his chin and sunk his hands in his pockets. He hoped finding Sherlock wouldn’t prove too difficult.
“They much prefer it when I give them
“Wet the gauze,” John said. His hands were opening and closing into fists, steeling himself. “Squeeze out the excess. And then you’ll go over the cut. One side to the other. One motion.” He inhaled. Exhaled. Swallowed. “Then you’ll wet more gauze and do it again. And again. Working outwards. Until it’s properly cleaned.”
before the wheels even touched ground in eastern Europe.
Angelo leaned in close, his voice dropping to a whisper. “Just say the word, and whatever it is,” his face grew serious, “I’ll handle it.”
Sherlock waved a hand. “I’ll settle for a set of ghosts.
“Then you know why I need the flash drive,” Will said. “Why I need to get it to them immediately. Why I can’t fail.”
,” John said, “makes you think I’m—”
You feel something inside you melt. You kiss him slowly, softly, and you consider that this might be the most romantic evening you’ve ever spent that also happened to include a murder.
Sherlock opted to stare at a blank wall. It was not helpful for one’s sanity, but it seemed to be the lesser of two evils, at least until Sherlock could make contact with Wiggins. And now that Wiggins had delivered, Sherlock’s Mind Palace was seemingly the only place he could be.
), but also because you can’t shake the feeling that you know this man. You’ve seen him before somehow. You tell yourself that he must just have one of those faces, but that isn’t quite right because he
The world can wait, I have you here
“None of that means,” John whispered, “that I
“Happy Christmas, Sherlock,” John said.
They didn’t find Mary in Daugavpils. John got in touch with Molly to beg for a few more days of childcare out of her. He wasn’t sure how many more favors he had left.
John paused. He thought. “I called,” he said. “When we first got in.”
Sherlock groaned loudly but lifted himself off the sofa all the same, adjusting an erection that had Mrs. Hudson glancing away again, blushing. He stormed back to the bedroom to change, clothes flying about in his wake.
tasting him again, and for a moment Sherlock thought his legs would go out from under him. John tasted of the beer he had earlier that evening and the cold from the night air but there was that taste that Sherlock hadn’t forgotten, couldn’t forget no matter how he tried. John twisted Sherlock's shirt in his fingers and kissed him with abandon and it was all so perfect Sherlock could have cried.
“And, even still, you seem to labor under the delusion that I will simply
He heard a rustle as John likely checked his watch. “Still another hour to go before you can take more paracetamol,” he said.
John gaped at him.
You blink some more. “How did you know I was an army doctor?”
I’ll always come following you.
Bibbidi bobbidi boo!
“Okay?” Sherlock asked.
“So,” Sherlock said, lifting the fork and stabbing at the torte, “if the host picks a door at random…”
In retrospect, he should have been more convincing over the phone. He should have begged Sherlock not to jump. He should have pleaded. He should have gotten down on his knees if needed. He should have told Sherlock that killing himself would kill John too, that just watching Sherlock on that ledge was killing him. He should have told Sherlock that he suffered the first thirty-seven years of his life without him and had absolutely no intention of going back.
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “I like you.”
it’s still me who will tell you hello.
“Watson was very disappointed,” Sherlock said. “I told her there’d be goats.”
“I don’t,” Sherlock said, moving food around his plate with a fork. “But you do.”
“Right,” John said. He wasn’t even sure why he asked how Sherlock knew things anymore.
“I think being drugged might change that,” John said.
“So,” you say, “what then?”
” He risked a look at Sherlock again, who seemed so real that his very image was the definition of unfairness. “How I wish you were alive.”
“And if not then,” John said, “we walked them a million times after. At all hours of the day or night. Off on some case or another.”
John’s insides managed to feel both hot and cold simultaneously. It was a very confusing set of sensations. “You did?”
John swallowed. “Jumping?”
“Divorced,” John said, his mouth full. “Isolated by choice. Some criminal activity in his past. Other than that, not very much.”
Then Sherlock’s fingers were gone from him and John made a whimpering noise at their absence that was unbecoming of a grown man. Each of John’s breaths was a harsh gasp and his hips were twitching back, seeking Sherlock. He heard the click of the cap again, the wet sounds of slick-on-skin, and then Sherlock’s cock was pressed against his entrance and John could have wept from it.
“That’s fine,” John said. He wasn’t particularly sure why Sherlock was asking permission, but his behavior towards John had been more than a little erratic throughout the evening. John decided that it was best to treat Sherlock as he would a wild animal—cautiously, with no sudden movements.
“Didn’t quite manage to die,” John said, working his muddy coat off his body. “Sherlock certainly tried, though.”
it sounded like
“We’re fine,” John said.
Lestrade glanced at Gilly’s face and then back at Mrs. Hudson, raising an eyebrow.
He doesn’t respond, but you can sense his smile. He wriggles himself closer and tightens his arms and sighs against you and yes, you love him. You definitely love him.
Sherlock felt as though all the shards of glass from the greenhouse had lodged themselves in his throat. He had half a mind to pitch himself off the falls. The jagged rocks below seemed forgiving in comparison to this.
“God, Sherlock.” John’s hand was still on himself, gripping at the base of his cock. It took all of his restraint not to start stroking himself, decency be damned. “I would have killed for you inside me. I had my fingers in myself, but it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t nearly as good as you.”
John once commented, apologetic. Sherlock didn’t much mind.
could have told you that was a bad idea.”
It was cold at Sherlock’s grave, bitingly so. John zipped his jacket up to his chin and shoved his hand in his pocket. His other hand gripped Mary’s as she stood next to him, shivering. He faced the cold slab of granite that he hadn’t seen in nearly two years. He had absolutely nothing to say to it. Nothing he could say out loud, anyway.
“Yes,” John said, although he still felt a bit too mixed-up to say it out loud.
John looked down at the jumper in his hands. His fingers had weaved through the knit, gouging giant holes in the fabric. He hadn’t even liked this jumper—the color reminded him of indigestion and the unpronounceable wool was itchy as anything. He kept it because Mary had given it to him and, more importantly, it did not remind him of Sherlock. He tossed the thing into the bin.
John blinked. His vision had gone a bit blurry. He shook his head at Sherlock. “Please,” he said.
“And you are practically out the door even as we speak,” Sherlock said. “Boxes still packed. Hardly anything to your name that can’t fit into a single cab and be driven away. Your feet are at Baker Street for the moment, but your eyes are on the horizon, looking for the next prospective Mrs. Watson, the person who would take you out of your hellhole life with me and into the proper life you want. You missed the mark a bit with Mary, but that won’t stop you from trying again. You’ll rifle through a woman or two before you find one you really fancy and then you’ll be gone. Again. Just like you’ve always wished to be. As I said,” Sherlock’s voice was nearly as cold as the wind, “your days at Baker Street are numbered. I was a fool that I didn’t see it before I left but I am certainly not foolish enough to be blind to it now.”
“That’ll be Darren,” he said. “Telling us that the boat is approximately five minutes away.”
John opened his mouth. He’d had knives on him before, and if telling Sherlock that he loved him was the last thing he said before he died, John figured it might just be worth it. However, Sherlock’s eyes were trained on the knife and he seemed—for once—terrified. Sherlock shook his head slightly, silencing John. John exhaled, a jagged noise, feeling a tear slip from the corner of his eye. He turned his head, looking up at Gilly, mouth closed.
That thing inside of Sherlock, the thing that was bent well past capacity, shattered. “Is that what you want?” he asked. His voice sounded like splinters.
“Who are you investigating, then?” you ask, looking around the bar once more. You still can’t find Black Jacket, but there has to be some sort of criminal in here.
Sherlock shrugged. “You never asked.”
The drive home from the tarmac was nearly dead silent, which was perfectly fine with John. There was more than a little for John to ponder—his already dubious reconciliation with his wife, the near loss of his best friend to an exile in Eastern Europe, the apparent return of a criminal the country thought was long dead. John, however, was doing his best to avoid thinking of any of it, because as soon as he tried to sort through everything all he saw was Sherlock as the two said goodbye on the tarmac, and that image was making his insides do funny things. John had held onto Mary’s hand a little too tightly as Sherlock’s plane flew away, as if she was the lone thing tethering him to the London soil, and had dropped her hand with a quake of excitement when the plane turned itself around. Mary, thankfully, said nothing on the subject, sitting next to him in the car and allowing the silence to stretch between them.
John whipped the covers off him, popping out of bed after Sherlock. “I
. Sherlock pistoned his fingers in and out of John, lapping at his cock playfully, cataloguing John’s reaction as he tongued at the ridge of the glans, sucked at his head, ran his lips against the thick vein that ran up his shaft. He could feel John getting close, his cock swelling, his bollocks drawing up, his cries reaching a fever pitch, but Sherlock didn’t want to stop, couldn’t stop.
, when Sherlock’s next text chimed in.
The island was smaller now, dropping away in the distance. It slipped into the scenery of the other bits of land in the Sound, massive rocks with patches of greenery growing atop them, the wizened shields that dotted the edge of the Dingle Peninsula. There would be tours heading this way again in a week or so, John knew. Batches of people to gawk and stare and snap photographs of the island, taking in knowledge about the place without ever fully understanding.
John laughed as Sherlock began to kiss his jaw, his neck, his collarbone.
“What?” John asked.
he texted.
“They were quite agreeable,” Sherlock said. “Given the circumstances.”
“He’s in custody, then?” Sherlock asked.
“Such a predictably romantic inquiry, John,” Sherlock muttered.
John slipped his hand from Sherlock’s, returning it to the mattress. “Only if you don’t know how to throw a proper punch,” he said. He gestured towards the bed. “Lie back down.”
“Indeed,” Gilly said, taking a step towards the two of them. “Pleased to see me?”
*           *           *
“How else would you like to spend our time?” Sherlock asked.
John turned his head, straining to catch Sherlock’s gaze. “Was it?”
Sherlock tipped his head upwards, trying to catch John’s gaze. John’s eyes were on him, some expression peering out from just behind the cloudless blue that Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d seen before—certainly not directed at him, and certainly not from John. He was looking at Sherlock as if he was some precious thing, some treasured family heirloom that nearly got lost in a fire.
is subjective.” She turned to John again. “If you’re squeamish,” she said, “I suggest looking away from him. Things are about to get a smidge bloody on this side of the bed.”
*           *           *
“Because
The boat slapped itself over another large wave and John held on for dear life. Fitz scampered off his seat and sat himself in front of John, tongue lolling out the side of his mouth, seemingly wondering what had John looking so ill.
“...is in consulting,” Sherlock finished. John smiled to himself. Sherlock had used
” Sherlock said, turning briefly from the window he was peering out. “After eliminating what is either impossible or infeasible one is only left with a finite number of options for travel. Not to mention, you would have had to be in touch with people to obtain the necessary paperwork and modes of transportation. And people talk. Quite a lot, as it turns out.” He turned back to the window, pushing aside the curtain with a finger. “Finding you was really quite simple.”
“Not wood, though,” John said. “Not for wounds like these. Something harder. Like metal.”
The cottage was nearly black when they returned, save for the flickering of the few candles Sherlock lit. Sherlock started a fire while John lit the remaining candles. Outside, the rain hissed against the ground and the wind moaned, the storm nudging itself forward, picking up speed as it rushed in from the Atlantic. Inside, however, the cottage was taking on a gold glow, light dancing along their bare bodies. The warmth from the flames crept across the room, sinking into John’s skin, finally finally finally.
“I don’t think it counts,” Sherlock muttered.
boyfriend,” John said. “It’s for a case.” He wasn’t sure if he should be directing these explanations at Gilly or the half a dozen or so people currently giving him the stink-eye.
Sherlock’s expression was unreadable. “It’s quite all right,” he said, as if John had simply stepped on his foot by accident. “Is that settled, then?”
“I am,” you say. “Pretty sure that I am.”
“And she has chosen to handle the situation on her own,” Sherlock said. “She has chosen to disappear, and quite expertly, I might add.”
Mary sighed. She tapped her fingers against her arm. “And what if I left the gate open on purpose?”
read me like a book
John squeezed at Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s body was warm and firm behind him, his breathing coming in soft, tickling at his neck and the back of his ear. He could feel Sherlock slipping into sleep, his body—tense from three days of hypomanic chasing—uncoiling and sinking into the mattress.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to John’s lips. “Of course.” He popped off John’s body, searching the room for his pants. They were dangling from a lamp. He pulled them on over his fading erection and set to work looking for a pair of trousers.
Sherlock looked away again.
Sherlock, of course, seemed unconcerned about his precarious footing on the wet earth. He managed to perch himself at the very edge of the cliff, craning to the side with binoculars pressed to his eyes, trying to get a look at the cliff face to their left.
of pink upon my cheek,
John blinked, his eyes wide and shimmering.
Sherlock didn’t move his mouth from John’s cock the whole time, not slowing down his movements until John was buckling and whimpering from oversensitivity. Then he pulled off of John, leaving his flushed, softening cock to bounce against his hip. Sherlock turned his head and spat, sending John’s come splattering across the grass.
However, when John got to the door, he realized that it was not Sherlock’s car in the driveway.
“—I care about,” Sherlock said. The words left him before he had a chance to consider them, to call them back. He pressed his eyes shut, his lashes landing in thick, shameful moisture. “I don’t know how to do this, John.”
“It would appear so,” Sherlock said into John’s stomach.
“I thought you liked Sherlock,” John said. “You said so, remember? After he came back.”
“No,” John said. “No. God. No.”
*           *           *
though, and John’s eardrums gave a cry. The shot came from right behind him, just past the door to the storage room.
“I know,” said Sherlock.
“Fifteen minutes,” Mary called after them.
of joy.”
“Still,” Sherlock continued, “you won’t allow your failures to get you down. How long was it before you began your search for the next Mrs. Watson? It seems that waiting for the divorce to be final is really only a formality. Especially when time is a factor.”
John stopped breathing.
And many more things, as you know.
, that he spend less time with Sherlock, that he dedicate his time and energy to her instead of him, he wouldn’t have been able to. He might have tried—he would like to think he was a decent enough person to at least
“You two make an adorable couple,” one of the ladies chirped.
“Yeah,” John said. “A bit more for some than for others.”
“I’ve consulted with Watson,” Sherlock said.
“You’re right,” Sherlock said. He ran a thumb over John’s cheek.
“Um,” Sherlock looked around. “Where am I taking you?”
John was very aware of Sherlock’s hand in his, long fingers wrapped around his palm, squeezing with just enough pressure,
Molly glanced back and forth between Sherlock and John, sensing that this was something she ought not get in the middle of. “Um,” she said.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, spinning to face John for the first time since the two returned to the flat. “Why do I
Sherlock rolled to his side, keeping his arm hooked around John’s waist. John had his hand on Sherlock’s face, tracing along his cheekbones. He had that look to him again, like he was looking upon something precious, irreplaceable. Something whose loss would ruin him.
Black Jacket turns down another street and the two of you follow.
“Not that I could tell,” Claire said. “He seemed an honest man to me.”
Sherlock stood from his position on his chair, bounding off the cushions and leaping in front of John in nearly a single stride.
The cooker put up quite a fight—
If Mary did choose to show a little mercy and let John stay, there was the question of Sherlock. Surely, Mary wouldn’t allow Sherlock to be a part of John’s life anymore—that was a certainty. This constituted the best-case scenario that John was facing, but it made him feel as if someone cracked him open with a bone saw and took out his organs one by one.
.” John dashed out the door behind Sherlock, not even stopping to pull some trousers onto himself or even find his trainers. The grass was cold and slick with dew, and he nearly skidded down the hill as he chased after Sherlock, who was sprinting at full-speed towards the barking, the white of his naked skin illuminated in the night.
” Sherlock said. His hands squeezed at the wheel so tightly John could hear the vinyl squeak. “A sad mongrel who followed me home and has nowhere else to go. I allow you around, following me like some brain-damaged puppy, as an act of kindness. But I certainly don’t
“Definitely awake now,” rasped the voice behind him. His voice bounced off the walls.
John pumped his hips faster, losing himself. Sherlock’s fingers pistoned inside him, each stroke against his prostate hard, precise, deadly. John was shaking again, out of control, each breath a scream. Sherlock’s mouth was hot and his tongue was lethal and he sucked John’s cock like he knew it would kill him but John had said he wanted Sherlock to be the death of him and Sherlock intended to take him at his word. The match sparked and the fire roared and John  was a goddamn wildfire, set loose and wanton atop Sherlock. He came practically bent in half over Sherlock, howling into the earth as Sherlock swallowed him down, fingers fucking him near into oblivion.
John thought.
Fitz’s little body was pointed at a corner, rigid and poised, his hair standing up along his back.
“It’s a bit odd,” Sherlock said, because he wasn’t completely certain how to pronounce the word
Sherlock lifted himself onto an elbow, studying John with narrowed eyes. “I didn’t
Sherlock, however, was already in full effect. "And what kind of treats might make a dolphin want to stick around?" he mused to nobody in particular. "Hmm. Perhaps the little treats fishermen just so happen to have plenty of? Perhaps
In front of Fitz, bunched up and trembling in the corner of the building, was a very unhappy-looking rabbit.
John made a little noise of agreement. The two of them had their heart set on a particular officiant—old enough to seem wise but not too old as to be aggressively Bible-thumping. Unfortunately, he was already booked for another wedding the day John and Mary planned to get married. That is, until very recently.
“Holmes,” John said, looking very much as if he were reminding a child how to tie their shoelaces for the eighth time. “If it was to ruin you it would have done so long ago.”
Sherlock redirected his attention back to his mobile, tapping at the screen to see if his contact texted in the few seconds he looked away. His contact, of course, had not. Sherlock tightened his fingers around his mobile. He hated being stagnant. If he was stagnant for much longer, he would be a puddle on the floor in no time. The winter would get him.
“It can be real, you know,” Sherlock said, his voice so quiet it was barely sound. “I can make it real.”
Inside the hole was a cluster of curled pages, torn at their edges, with scribbled handwriting across them.
John squeezed at Sherlock’s hand. His throat seemed to be on fire. “Thanks to you,” he said.
John opened his eyes just as a box of bullets was flung at him. He managed to get an arm up to shield himself just in time.
Your guilty grin boasts sin within.
“I want,” Sherlock growled, his teeth against the skin of John’s jaw, “to fuck you.”
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said, shutting the lid of the laptop. “Hopefully so.” He placed the laptop on the floor and slid under the covers, leaving John to manage the lights. John pushed himself down onto the bed beside Sherlock, staring at the ceiling and doing his best to ignore the close proximity of Sherlock’s warm body.
“Spare me the
Sherlock found his way back to consciousness gradually, blinking back into reality with hazy eyes. He looked around him, trying to make sense of his new environment. He thought he was meant to be on a case with John, but it would appear that instead he was in his bedroom, in his bed. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He usually didn’t sleep if there was a case on; this must mean that the case was solved. He didn’t remember solving the case. He didn’t remember returning to the flat or getting into his bed. He didn’t remember time passing, although quite a bit of time must have passed, judging by the lack of light coming in through his bedroom window. Sherlock made a grunting noise. His head felt useless and mushy, and the world had a slight tilt to it. He didn’t care for any of this. He wondered where John was.
Sherlock rolled on top of him and John wrapped both legs around Sherlock’s waist, urging the movements of his body closer, tighter, harder. John wasn’t sure it was enough to make either of them come but he didn’t care. He just needed Sherlock close at the moment, needed as much of Sherlock pressed against him as possible. His hands clambered across whatever part of Sherlock’s body he could reach—grasping at his shoulders, scratching down his back, gripping his arse, feeling his muscles clench as Sherlock ground into him.
John’s body settled against the mattress. His heartbeat returned to normal, his breathing deep and slow. His eyelashes fluttered once, twice, but his eyes remained closed. His face was slack, peaceful. Sherlock lifted a hand and brushed John’s hair off his forehead. John sighed in his sleep and Sherlock loved him so much it felt like a cancer in his chest, growing and gnawing and useless and killing him piece by piece. There was no point to it, no point to any of it and yet there was no way to stop it, no cure. Nothing to do but try to stay frozen and wait for the winter to end.
Mary was staring at him. She seemed to be expecting him to elaborate.
“You’ll find that the lamp is a perfect arm’s reach away from the bed,” Sherlock said, mostly because everything else he had to say was ill-advised.
“Um,” John said. “Not
“Did you have fun?” Mary asked. “With Sherlock? Out on that case? Were you happy?” Her words were nice enough, but there was something in her question that sounded a bit accusatory.
. They won’t take the medicine as prescribed. Nobody does. And they wonder why the bloody rash doesn’t go away.
,” Sherlock said. “Don’t just say,
and John supposed that was all the permission he needed.
“I’ve…” Sherlock still found himself unable to remove his gaze from John’s leg. “I’ve read medical texts. I understand the mechanics of applying sutures. I’ve studied the scarring elicited by various types of suture thread, of stitch patterns. I’ve administered sutures to a cadaver once.” He shook his head. “Twice. So I
. He pressed back against Sherlock, breathing gone unsteady.
John crushed their mouths together, biting and sucking at Sherlock’s lips. “Good?” he asked. He didn’t wait for Sherlock’s reply. He pushed himself up, thrusting himself on Sherlock’s cock with enough force to roll Sherlock’s eyes back in his head. John’s elbow knocked the coffee table and he shoved it aside, sending the thing clattering across the floor, tipping over and scattering its contents everywhere. A candle hit the ground and snuffed out. John didn’t care—he would have fucked Sherlock through a house fire.
The man shook his head. “This is close enough,” he said. “Toss the drive over.”
“I’m sorry,” John said again, his voice pained. He gripped at Sherlock’s side with his free hand. “I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
You’ve turned my mind molasses slow.
Then Fitz spied a rabbit and scampered away, barking and likely scaring the piss out of the poor creature. Fitz disappeared over a hill and John couldn’t help but wonder just how much they would see of their guard-dog while on the island.
“All right,” John said. “Careful.” He pushed back with his feet, sliding himself back up the cliff, dragging Sherlock along with him. He could feel the mud seeping into his trousers as he moved but he couldn’t be arsed to care. Midway up the hill, Sherlock turned himself, glancing at John with a bit of caution.
They’re in the middle of the room, clearly at what looks to be the very end of a scuffle. The man—Black Jacket, or Hal Neville, apparently—has his clothing torn and his knit cap ajar. He is bleeding from a scrape on his head and looks to be very, very angry. He’s got Sherlock pinned and has his hands clenched around Sherlock’s throat, knuckles white, teeth grated. Sherlock is struggling, fists pounding at the man’s elbows, nails clawing at the man’s eyes, but the man holds firm. Sherlock’s face has gone near purple, his eyes starting to roll back in his head. The man is grinning down at him, eyes glistening with rage, and you’ve never made a faster decision in your life.
“There really isn't,” John said. “I promise.”
Sherlock scrutinized the situation. “You’re angry,” he said.
” Sherlock shouted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The explosives must have been rigged before Mary arrived,” Sherlock said, his voice low. “Whoever set them up must have anticipated Mary to be asleep when they detonated.”
don’t.”
“So,” Gilly said. “Does you two being in town mean…”
“Oh?” John asked. “What’s your hunch, then?”
Sherlock furrowed his brow. He knew all of this, surely. Sherlock knew everything about everything. However, Sherlock didn’t seem so daft as to ask John why he was telling him all this.
“That,” Sherlock said. It was a partial truth. Quieter voices were certainly easier on Sherlock’s throbbing head. There was another part to it as well though, some secret part of Sherlock who, at the moment, found John to be a bit too far away and needed him closer, an ache that drowned out the screaming in his head.
John smiled. He turned his head back towards the sky. “So you learned,” he said. “And then decided that you were the center of it all, apparently.”
woman,” he pointed again, “saved the tags to that jacket so she can return it the next day. And not a one of them wants to be at this party. They attended out of obligation and they all intend on leaving early.”
“Sherlock,” John managed to choke out. His voice was barely recognizable. “You need to fuck me.”
didn’t sound like a pirate.”
“I—” John’s head was swimming. It felt a bit like the room was spinning. “Married?” He was repeating himself, he knew, but he wasn’t sure of what else to say.
“What about kissing?” Sherlock asked.
John watched him work, watched the narrow muscles in his back move beneath his shirt, tense and trembling. He thought about how Claire said there was a death on the island all those years ago, a young lad who died from a perfectly treatable illness. After that, she said, the islanders were unceremoniously evicted. For their own good, the mainland thought.
John shifted the wine bottle from hand to hand. “It wasn’t…”
That was the last they spoke on the matter.
“If I could,” Sherlock said, “I would very much like to remove you of any sense of obligation you feel to discuss it. Immediately.”
John had reminded Sherlock as he tried to rinse all the bits of grass out of his hair,
I’ll keep you safe inside.
hard. John did his best not to press particularly hard. Still, he took the day off from the surgery and purposefully silenced his mobile. He hadn’t meant to do anything in particular except stare at a wall and do his best not to get through the whole of his whiskey, but instead he found himself downtown. Sitting on a bench outside of Barts Hospital. Staring directly across the street at the pavement that caught Sherlock’s fall. Trying very, very hard not to cry.
“Nothing initially,” Sherlock said. “Quite frustrating. He’s much more responsive when he’s not on holiday. I had to text him over a dozen times before he even answered.” Sherlock sighed against John’s neck. “Lestrade knows a surprising breadth of profanity.”
He tilted his head to the side and spied the barest bones of a bed at the end of the room. Sherlock was sprawled on the bed, his head lilted to the side, his curls a frizzy mess. His chest rose and fell heavily; he was in a deep sleep.
John considered saying something about how she shouldn’t have been cooped up in a tiny room inhaling paint fumes while she was pregnant, but that would just bring them back to the part of the conversation where she reminded him that he hadn’t spoken to her for six months. “It’s
“Of course he did,” Sherlock said as he darted back up the stairs, an assortment of tools—a crowbar, a screwdriver, a hammer—tucked underneath his arm. He released the tools with a flourish and they clattered against the floor, leaving little scratches and dents in the wood. “Keep reading.”
You get the sense that something inside of you might be tearing. “You…” you try. “How do you…”
“There have been a string of murders in holiday rental homes,” Sherlock said. “Different homes, spread out across the country. However, the murders are all committed in a similar manner—the victims are found lying on their beds—their throats are slashed, their hands are severed, and their eyes are gouged out.”
This past month, the exact amount of time it had been since John last saw Sherlock, the dreams returned with a vengeance. They began shortly before the wedding, because catastrophic timing was sort of John’s thing, it would seem. It started out faceless, the goings-on in the dreams—John’s cheek pressed against a wall as he was taken from behind by someone unseen, rough and wonderful just like it was in the army—but John always knew it was Sherlock. It was something about the hands, the fingers that clutched at his hips, dug into his chest, wrapped around his cock and pulled mercilessly. Those were Sherlock’s hands, skilled and precise and deadly. Then, just a couple weeks ago, a voice in his ear (
“You can burn anything you like of mine,” John said, “if you let me sleep.”
“Careful,” Sherlock said. “We’re being watched.”
“Just take the pictures down as soon as you’ve solved it,” Mrs. Hudson said. She wrinkled her nose at the wall. “Dead sheep on my walls. It’s just not proper, Sherlock.”
“You don’t want this,” Sherlock whispered.
“Again,” John said. “I have no idea. You two are the experts on the show, not me. I haven’t even seen it.”
“One,” John said.
John thought,
John pressed his eyes closed. He shut the notebook. The old anger tried to struggle its way up from the ground and failed. “I know,” he said. “I could tell. When I wore it, I could tell you liked it. And once you said to me… I was wearing some other jumper at the time, and you said to me that I ought to wear the striped jumper more often.” John opened his eyes. He cleared his throat. He began flipping through the notebook once more. “Anyway. That’s why I had to get rid of it.”
“No,” John said. “Why the hell would I have—”
He could sense Sherlock looking towards him. He absolutely would not meet Sherlock’s eyes.
The boat was silent, engines off, rocking in the waves. Anchored down. They were waiting for something, the Taibhses. John could hear his breaths heaving out his nose, rattling the tape at his mouth with violence.
John sucked in air, his head tipping back. He tightened his legs around Sherlock, pulling his hips up to meet his thrusts. “Oh Christ,” he said. “Yes. Yes you did.” He ran his hands down Sherlock’s back, grasping, pulling, guiding him closer, faster.
Sherlock swallowed. He didn’t seem capable of taking his eyes off of the wound slowly sapping John’s blood from his body. “You need hospital,” he said. John’s disinclination to take himself to A&E had certainly chosen a monumentally poor moment to show its face.
Sherlock sighs. “No,” he says, “but the route he walked took him past precisely ten banks, five of which were Cedars Bank branches. He tended to slow his pace when passing the Cedars Banks as well. It stands to reason that he is looking to target one of those banks next, although there remains uncertainty as to precisely which one. His gaze lingered on the branch on Lee Street a full fifteen seconds longer than it did on any of the others so I feel optimistic about the Lee Street branch, but I’d like to gather a bit more information before I come to a conclusion. Hate to repeat the air duct fiasco. It
“A couple,” John repeated.
Sherlock was staring at him, his face the closest thing to sincere that John had seen since they began this trip. “Are you sure you want this, John?”
“You realize you don’t have a very strong defense,” Sherlock said. “Seeing as we caught you in our bushes. Outside of our cottage. At ten o’clock at night.”
John had said to him, that night. With that smile on his face.
the caretaker was found dead.” He ripped an article from the wall and handed it to John. “Darren and Claire O’Sullivan—parents of young Conor—are responsible for the tourism efforts on the island. Booking day-tours, scheduling overnight guests, that sort of thing. The caretaker is responsible for the upkeep of the guest accommodations and lives on the island full-time. The O’Sullivans were bringing over a boatload of tourists last week and found the caretaker. Declan Moore. Dead with a bullet in his head.” Sherlock smirked. “Not good for business. The O’Sullivans tried to keep on with booking tours, but the next day a tour arrived to find
“Don’t worry about me,” John said.
“I wasn’t thinking that,” John said, and surprised even himself to realize that he truly wasn’t. Not once did it occur to him that he could be a gentleman and offer to sleep elsewhere. He might not be telling Gilly about that bit when they spoke next. “I was just hoping you don’t hog the covers.”
John nodded. Not wanting a child to ride home in a boat with a dead sheep in it seemed reasonable.
It would have been a lot for any hour of the day, but at half-seven in the morning, it was especially a lot.
Sherlock stood over John, unsure of what to do with his hands. John still had a tight, pinched expression on his face, and his sweat glittered in the dim light of the bedroom. His hands were on his chest, rising and falling with his breaths, still a bit more ragged than Sherlock would have liked. John had smears of dried blood on his forehead and along his fingers. He should have helped John clean up, Sherlock thought. John shouldn’t be going to sleep still covered in his own blood. Still, Sherlock was reluctant to disturb John, to move him, and—besides—all he really wanted to do was wrap his arms around John, bury his nose in John’s neck, and not let go for the foreseeable future. None of that seemed particularly appropriate at the moment, so Sherlock remained frozen, twiddling with his own fingers.
John.”
John chuckled in the direction of Sherlock’s mangled hair. “Doesn’t mean I don’t think it,” he said. Before he could stop himself, he reached out and tugged at the cobwebs in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock tilted his head forward, allowing the touch. His curls were soft between John’s fingers.
“Sherlock…” John started.
“Mary?” John said. Nothing.
“I certainly love you,” Gilly said. “I think you’re just about the loveliest man I’ve ever dated. And you know how hard it is for me to trust people, especially after…” She waved a hand.
Sherlock could hear John’s voice in his head, telling him
John sighed. He was in danger of saying too much, of overstepping. He ran the risk of giving Sherlock the willies just by leering at his arse incessantly, and he certainly didn’t need to send Sherlock swimming back to the mainland by telling him that watching Sherlock eat was proof of life, an indication that he was alive and well and reasonably-functioning and his body was not scheduled to quit in the immediate future.
It didn’t matter who.
“I just got you back,” John said, his voice so quiet for a moment Sherlock wasn’t sure he hadn’t just hallucinated the whole of it.
“No,” Sherlock said. He was immobile inside of John, filling him without fucking him and John was certain he would go mad from it.
John hadn’t considered any of what they had done as
If you had a brain in your head, you would be concerned. Alarmed. Leaving, at the very least. Instead, you find yourself more than a little intrigued. “That bloke you were following the other day,” you ask, dropping your voice, “is he here?”
but I never planned for you
It was properly late by the time John realized he was still walking, the traffic thin and pedestrians few and far between. John’s brain emerged from its panic attack just long enough to remind him that he ought to stop walking and consider finding a cab. At the very least, his brain suggested, he ought to figure out where he was. John looked up, searching for the nearest street sign. He found it. He pressed his eyes shut.
depressing, just as depressing as the bed-sit he had when he first returned to London, if not more so. However, John figured that he could make any flat depressing at the moment. It was like a superpower that nobody wanted or needed. He had moved virtually none of his things out of Baker Street and purchased little aside from a few items of clothing and toiletries. He essentially lived in an empty room. Hence, sleeping over at Mary’s frequently.
,” Sherlock said.
John could feel Sherlock looking at him out of the corner of his eye, a smug grin on his face. John refused to meet his eye, staring instead at the green of the trees as they passed by, not really seeing any of it. His face felt as if it were on fire.
“Is it, though?” John asked.
“You’re my world,” John said. “The center of it all. My universe.”
And he did.
“He stopped,” Sherlock said. His eyes darted around madly, scanning for footprints. “He stopped. He…” Sherlock dropped to the ground, crawling about on his hands and knees in circles on the path, searching for evidence. John leapt to the side to get out of his way, balancing with a hand against the steep mountain to his side.
,” he says. “I’ve always found that catching criminals is much easier when one is actually around in time to
The sheep wasn’t particularly hard to find—it could be seen just after they climbed the hill—a spot of red amongst the green. Once they were closer, it was clear that the sheep suffered the same fate as the five currently featured in photographs on the walls of 221B Baker Street. The sheep was sliced open along its undersides and ripped apart, much of what used to be inside the sheep hastily thrown outside. A considerable number of flies buzzed around the body.
Sherlock studied him with interest. “We need to attend to the dog, John,” he said. His lips were barely hiding a smile.
“Would you think of all the things,” Sherlock said, his voice barely even a whisper, “all the many things you want to do to my arse?”
You assume I’m heterosexual—
“Look at me.” It was the doctor-voice again. Calm. Reassuring. Gently commanding. Sherlock wanted nothing to do with
in public, you remember) but doesn’t stop or slow—if anything, he goes harder. He takes his hand off your mouth to grab your hip as he pounds into you and you sink your teeth into your own forearm just to shut yourself up. Each thrust has you moving, shaking, shuddering, teeth dragging against skin. You’re about to bite a chunk out of yourself. You’re about to split in two. You’re half-hard again and you’re not sure how that’s even possible. He wraps his hand around your cock and
Sherlock pivoted on his heels to face the O’Sullivans. “Were the two of you on the island yesterday?” he asked.
“Ah!” Sherlock shoved a drawer he had taken completely out of the cupboards into John’s hands and raised a pencil above his head in triumph. He slammed the journal onto the table and hunched over it, madly flipping through the pages.
Time, John thought, treated nothing with kindness, so he figured it was all the same in the end.
“Right,” John said. “Right. Okay.” He started reading, working his way through Declan’s scrawling handwriting as best he could.
“We’ll get her back to London,” Sherlock said.
John disagreed. Loudly.
“Right,” John said. “Didn’t think so.” He started off for the field again then paused, looking back at Lucy. “I kissed him,” he said. He did his best to force the dumb smile off his face, lest he be judged by a sheep for being so pathetically infatuated.
Memories of the night before flitted around John’s head like some sort of insect that he hadn’t yet decided was beautiful or a nuisance. He kissed Sherlock. He and Sherlock kissed. They kissed for what felt like hours, days. John’s lips felt rubbed raw. His chin burned from Sherlock’s stubble. The thing in his chest—the warm, hopeful thing—had grown large and forceful and felt as if it was blown in from the sea itself, threatening to sweep him away. He didn’t remember when they stopped kissing. He didn’t even remember falling asleep. All he remembered was being wrapped up in Sherlock, pressed closer than he’d ever been to the man, closer than he’d ever been to anyone, feeling as though his body was finally where it was meant to be.
John looked at Sherlock, feeling a little smile twitch over his face. Sherlock’s eyes met his, and he appeared sincere. “I’d say I agree with that,” John said.
“You know enough,” Sherlock said, eyes back on his plate. “It’s not all that different from how…” he gestured between the two of them, “we are.”
John thought, but said nothing, sipping at his tea. He could feel his body starting to relax, settling into the comfort of being back at the flat.
Wiggins had really outdone himself this time.
“You care more about finding a flash drive than finding one-point-two million?” John chuckled.
“Was that about the case?” you ask, glancing towards the phone.
This morning, a beam of light streaked through the window, the sunlight growing confidence in the day. The light caught the dust particles floating in the air, illuminating their journey as they drifted about the room, neither rising nor falling. Sherlock considered that dust was mainly comprised of skin particles, little flecks of dead flesh, but it didn’t much bother him. Some of the skin particles in the room were John’s now, and he liked the idea of John coating the room in a fine layer of himself. As time passed, more and more of the room would be made of John, and Sherlock was just fine with that.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Physicality has never bothered me. Although I suppose I engage in those behaviors at a less frequent rate than I do when it’s fake. It’s more to prove a point when it’s fake, anyway.”
“It matters,” John said, because it
,” Sherlock said.
” John shouted, but Sherlock was gone, disappearing just beyond the house, heading down the hill and towards the shore after the limping shooter.
“It was because you were up front,” Conor said. “It’s bumpier up front, with the waves. It gets you sick if you’re not used to it. Best to stay in the back.”
He’s still wiping beer off himself. “Not quite.”
Rosie giggled. “A goat.”
reveals that the behavior of the host varies widely, even within a single show.”
Mycroft used his ample connections to access information about Mary’s activities a few months ago. Per Mycroft’s sources, Mary had managed to locate the individual who threatened her, the one who attempted to detonate her cottage in Finland and who Sherlock shot in the shoulder. The shoulder injury, apparently, made him easier to locate. According to Mycroft, the individual in question was a former associate of Mary’s from her past life. Also according to Mycroft, the individual in question had been dealt with in a fairly permanent manner.
Sherlock was taking his aggression out on the drawers in the kitchen again, flinging them open and tearing through their contents. John sighed, feeling that it was just a moment ago when he painstakingly replaced their contents after Sherlock’s mad search for a pencil.
He is even closer now, his nose tucked against your cheek. His voice is a literal weapon. “There’s an exit just by the water closets,” he says. “It leads out into a back alley. Nobody from the pub will use it until closing time, when it’s time to take out the bins.” You can feel the rumble of his words in your stomach.
John and Gilly got on fairly well. She was attractive, certainly—with dark hair and moon-shaped eyes, she had a charm to her that seemed effortless. She was a few years younger than John and seemed to possess a youthful energy that John was really only able to scrounge up when working a case with Sherlock. It was refreshing, he told himself. Not exhausting. Her work as a travel agent earned her discounted trips and she was fairly well-traveled, often darting away on trips and returning with plenty of stories. She always had plenty of stories; she loved to talk more than even Sherlock did at times. And Mrs. Hudson was wrong about her laugh. It was endearing. It was.
” John was jittery and disoriented, still not fully comprehending all that had just come to pass but desperately needing his hands free so that he could touch Sherlock. He badly needed to feel Sherlock’s living body at the moment.
John slowly grew aware that Sherlock’s hands were on him, moving softly along his chest, his arms, his stomach. It was a careful touch, the way John had seen Sherlock run his hands along a bit of evidence, the floor of a room in which he was certain there was a trap door, a bit of fabric with deductions hidden in the weaving.
“I prefer pirates who perfect their Irish accents,” Sherlock said, his voice a melodic droll. He nodded at John.
“Because there is no need to apologize.” Sherlock was talking quickly now, his eye contact growing spotty. “I didn’t tell you why I jumped. I didn’t expect you to have deduced it. I don’t bear you any ill will. So you are under absolutely no obligation to—”
, John thought.
, John thought, stripping down to his pants and vest.
Sherlock was surprised to find that his breathing had quickened. He wondered what that was all about. While he wondered, words formed in his mind and soared out his mouth without him noticing. “You’d look at them often, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock heard himself say.
John nodded, looking entirely at Sherlock. “Yeah,” he said. “It was a very good case.”
“Just resting,” Sherlock said, fighting to keep his eyes open as he tapped unproductively at his mobile. John pried the mobile from his hands and set it on the nightstand.
“—the host opens another door. You don’t open your door. The man—the host—opens his door first.”
) and subsequent frustration, so the two of them tended to pass the time in a quiet, albeit agitated, companionship. In the very loosest definition of
John cleared his throat. “And you,” he said, “aren’t?”
“It’s not about the cases, John,” Mrs. Hudson said. “It’s never been about the cases. It’s about
John felt like he had been sliced in two. He was fairly certain he was bleeding out, soaking the sheets and the skin on Sherlock’s back with all that used to be inside him.
“Christ,” you gasp, but you’re tugging his trousers off. Yours come next. You throw the lot of it over your shoulder, not looking. Something gets knocked off your dresser, clattering to the ground. You have never cared about anything less in your life.
He looks up, those deep-sea eyes shimmering with mischief, and you can’t do anything but gape down at him, trying to catch your breath. He works your cock out of your trousers without looking, eyes still on you. He licks a line up your shaft and drags his mouth along your skin, teasing, and you barely have time to contemplate how goddamn sexy he looks with your cock against his lips before he swallows the whole of you down and Christ—okay,
were merely in need of a full psychiatric evaluation. He found the act of
John stepped forward, his fingers tightening along Sherlock’s waist. “Don’t worry about me,” he said. “I’ll be fine.”
“How about this one?” John asked. “Burglary. No sign of forced entry. Alarms never even set off. Note left on the mirror, says
“And you,” John said, a bit too angry at the moment to correct Sherlock’s assumptions, “you leave all at once, don’t you? That’s how you preferred it, right? A dramatic exit, as it were? Right off the side of a bloody building.”
You lift yourself onto an elbow, the farthest apart from him you can muster, and look down into his eyes. If he looked like a sleepy tiger the other night, now he looks like he’s been tranquilized, eyes barely open, lips lazily parted. His curls are plastered to his head and you push them back. His sweat is slick against your fingers. You’ve got his come smeared between the two of you and he’s got your come leaking out of him and it feels like an equal exchange, bits of each other covering the both of you. He blinks at you and smiles.
“Makes sense to me,” John replied.
John smiled. “I think I can manage both those things.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at Mrs. Hudson as she disappeared back down the stairs. “My inclination is that if we were to search her flat we would discover a veritable arsenal,” he said.
Sherlock thought, fingers tapping against his chin.
John chuckled and shook his head. Now that the excess blood was coming off, the wound didn’t look so terrible after all. It was relatively shallow and blessedly far from any major veins. John felt a stab of protectiveness hit his gut; he needed Sherlock to remain in one piece for as long as he possibly could.
He saw a smile flicker across Sherlock’s mouth, but Sherlock’s eyes remained focused, scanning John’s body as if gathering data was of the utmost importance, like a man’s life hung in the balance. The candles were still glowing and the room was warm. The fire popped. Outside, the rain had picked up, pelting against the roof in hissing sheets. The wind rattled against the windows. John thought he could hear thunder in the distance. Something told him that he wouldn’t be hurled back to Afghanistan tonight—he had a feeling he would remain rooted right where he was.
John thrashed about on the floor at the man’s feet. He shouted something that nobody could hear.
John had long since lost control and it was glorious. He couldn’t move, couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t stop the sounds or words or cries that escaped from his lips. All he could do was writhe against Sherlock’s cock as Sherlock fucked him into the god-forsaken mattress harder, harder, harder. His hands grabbed at nothing. He wasn’t sure if his eyes were open. His cock was harder than anything and leaking, a string of precome dribbling down onto the sheets. He knew the second he touched himself he would come but he wasn’t ready yet. Sherlock had taken his time and gone too slow for too long and now John was on his cock, hard and fast, and it was good, it was good, it was so good.
“What would you do?” John asked. “If you were me?”
“Oh certainly,” Gilly said, her eyes widening. “They wouldn’t be able to rent the property out for
” Sherlock was grinning like a maniac. He bent low and sniffed, breathing in the air of the hole. He popped his head back up, a wild look on his face. “There used to be
we’ll fill these rooms with beauty
John cleared his throat. “Sexual relationships?”
“For…?” John started, but then he heard a man call their names. Hugh. Bloody
“Say you want me to fuck you,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock's hands were on John’s back, digging into his shoulder blades. “Not this,” he said. “I don’t want this.”
he willed.
John tugged a flannel from the side of the tub and ripped it into the water, bunching it around his crotch. “Sounds interesting,” he said. “Any chance we can continue this conversation after I’m out of the bath?”
“Yeah,” John said. “He loves me too.” He felt a dopey smile flicker across his face and shook his head in disbelief. “At least, he said he did. He’d be right if he didn’t anymore, after what I put him through. But even if he doesn’t, it couldn’t stop what I feel. Nothing could. Nothing ever has.”
“Obvious,” he whispers. He is so warm underneath you.
disappoint when he sent us this case.”
“Good,” the man said. He sat back but kept his gun trained on John, watchful eyes darting between John and the island growing larger before them. They were even nearer now, the mountain looming large in front of them. The clouds were thick, blotting out the setting sun. Still, John could see Sherlock, his pale face glowing in the fading light. He was nearly at the edge of the outcropping now. He seemed to be breathing rapidly. He had made good time. Sherlock pulled something from his pocket, held it to his ear.
he said.
In Lithuania, Mary’s name was Laima Vaitkeliunas.
“Taking you to a residential area, I see,” the cabbie said. “Going home for the evening, then? Or got a party out there you’re not telling me about?”
John set his cup back on the table, running his fingers along the smooth sides. “You know,” he said, “Mary never knew about my nightmares. Not really.”
John wilted forward—slowly, things move slowly underwater—and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s. Soft, a leaf landing on the still surface of a lake. Sherlock’s lips were dry—he didn’t need to produce moisture underwater—and John was patient, barely moving his mouth at all, the skin of his lower lip sticking to Sherlock’s upper lip, tugging without demanding. Sherlock felt a puff of air escape from John’s nose, floating across his face like the thinnest of clouds. John had lungs. He took in oxygen. He expelled carbon dioxide. One day, he could help Sherlock breathe.
“So…” John thought about the previous day, the two of them milling about in the cottage, poring over Declan’s journal, talking at the kitchen table during the storm, slipping into bed together in the darkness, unawares that a sheep-murderer was lurking about. “Why didn’t he try to kill us? Like he did Declan?”
” Sherlock called, and John decided it was best that his phone call be held far, far away from Sherlock.
John sighed and released Sherlock’s arms. He pulled on a set of latex gloves and committed himself to poking around the interior of a rotted corpse, looking for any spare organs the black market surgeon left behind. Sherlock continued on about probability and started to draw a diagram on the corpse’s forearm with a surgical marker until John snatched it away from him. Molly exercised all of the wits in her head and stayed gone for the entirety of the time Sherlock and John were in the morgue.
Sherlock frowned. “Don’t be an idiot,” he said. “I’ve loved you for a very long time.”
“That’s good,” John panted after a moment. “That’s…” he gasped, working to catch his breath. “That’s clean enough. Dry the area. And in the kit…” he stopped again, sucking in air with a hiss as Sherlock patted at his leg with a bit of dry gauze. “In the kit, I’ve got what you’ll need for the sutures.”
them.”
John sighed.
John glanced behind Sherlock. Indeed, the bubbling pots on the stove appeared to contain enough food for two. Specifically what food was cooking in them, John hadn’t the foggiest. “Oh,” he said again.
“Jesus,” John said. “No wonder Will lied to me about knowing Declan. He was helping Declan get his stolen money off the island.”
It’s perfect, see? My dads and me.
. Say what the problem
John swiped at the wound again with  a bit of saline-drenched gauze. He pressed a piece of dry gauze just over the wound, securing it in place with plasters.
The mood of this fic was gently inspired by The Mountain Goats song
“Are you trying to ensure that every individual person in the city knows that you and I are in a relationship?” John asked.
John managed to break himself free, holding Sherlock’s pumping hips back just long enough to look up and catch his eye. Sherlock gave a whine, wrecked eyes staring down at John. He looked like the darkest of clouds, flickering with lightning, foreshadowing an apocalypse.
John smiled, and it hurt. “How did you know about Afghanistan?”
“Why don’t you date anymore?” John asked. “You don’t seem half bad at it.”
“Okay,” John said, suddenly feeling nervous for two reasons.
“Well,” John said, “what’s the difference then? Between Sherlock Holmes as a fake boyfriend and Sherlock Holmes as a real boyfriend?”
“No,” John said, forcing himself to breathe. “Not needed. Not panicking. Just…” He couldn’t think of an acceptable end to that sentence.
“I just need you to know,” John said, “that it means the world to me—the absolute world to me—that you’re doing all of this.”
Sherlock emerged from the kitchen, looking delighted and carrying what inexplicably seemed to be even more photographs of dead sheep.
“Damn,” the man says. “I was rather hoping he was going to rob a bank.”
“Right,” John said. “You’re very clever. Not clever enough to avoid getting yourself roofied, but very clever all the same.”
,” Sherlock repeated, flopping himself around until his head was once more facing the headboard, back flat on the mattress. “Read to me. And sit on the bed.” He patted the empty space next to him.
“Well, husband-to-be,” Mary smiled at him, “all I ask is that you keep the future arrests to an absolute minimum. If you can possibly help it.” She sniffed, her nose wrinkling. “And maybe have a shower.”
you.” He wasn’t particularly sure why he chose to argue with his own subconscious about this fact, but he went along with it anyway.
“Does Sherlock have a plan for catching the serial killer yet?” Gilly asked.
John reminded himself.
“Careful,” John said. His eyes were closed. His chest was heaving. “Don’t let it pull on the sutures.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said.
“Right,” one of the officers at the front of the car said.
Sherlock swept out of his seat, kneeling in front of the fireplace. “We can fix that,” he said. He grabbed at some of the pieces of wood stacked just next to the fireplace, arranging them neatly inside. He tore off dry scraps of bark to use as kindling.
“Well,” the voice was smiling, “you were always exceedingly easy to impress.”
John nodded. Saying any of the things he wished to say, it would seem, was pointless. He stared down at the bottle of wine. He could see an imprint from his clammy hand on the glass. “Can I help?” His voice sounded small.
John chuckled, shaking his head.
“I do not,” John said, “under any circumstances, want to know about the other six.”
Sherlock looked incredulous.
John gave her one last scratch behind her ears and stood. “Goodbye, love,” he said. “I hope you have a wonderful life.”
He tried not to think very hard about what Sherlock’s abrupt absence this morning might mean. It hardly seemed to be a good sign, now did it? The morning after a night of snogging, waking to find your partner not only gone but purposefully hidden away on the tiny island you share, seemingly attempting to put as much space between the two of you as possible? Were this any other person, John would have taken it as a monumental hint and kept his bloody distance.
He was as far out on the island as he could be, perched at the very last point of land his shoes could step upon. He balanced on the rocks—the jagged bits that pointed and sloped and dipped into the ocean, the last pieces of land until North America—hands in his pockets, his coat tearing in the wind behind him. He didn’t seem to be doing much of anything except facing the anger of the wind, allowing the Atlantic to shout abuse at him while doing little aside from taking it.
John felt as if his whole body was burning, stinging. He pictured himself sending his fists flying at Sherlock, crunching knuckles into skin until his hands shook from it. It wasn’t a good way to win an argument, he knew, but it would feel bloody fantastic.
“I know,” John said.
“Oh Christ, Sherlock,” John gasped between breaths, barely able to pry his gaze from the sight of their cocks pressed together. Sherlock stroked them unrelentingly and it was almost too much, too fast, too bloody perfect. John felt as if every muscle in his body was tensing, burning, convulsing. He couldn’t breathe. He wasn’t breathing. He wasn’t getting in air. He grasped at Sherlock, fingers digging into his hips. He could see Sherlock’s cock purpling against his, could feel it as his cock swelled, hard ridges protruding against his own. Sherlock was making noises above him that if John ever dreamed of he would come on the spot.
“You did quite well,” Sherlock said.
“Oh,” you say, peering at the marks as if you’ve just noticed them yourself. “Got hurt the other day. Nothing too terrible.”
Sherlock’s voice was a low rumble in John’s ear. “We haven’t shagged in ages,” he said.
know why he and Sherlock got arrested. Come to think about it, he didn’t know very much about what happened that night at all. “We…” he started, not knowing how the sentence was to end.
“Right,” John said. “Well, there’s a lot more here. We’ll find one.”
“John.” As usual, Sherlock’s greeting was not an actual greeting.
It was either very late at night or very early in the morning, depending on how one looked at the matter. Sherlock didn’t much care how one looked at the matter. He was tired of looking. He had spent much of the trip feeling frozen, a block of ice. Being frozen took effort. Sherlock was running low on effort.
switch. Is there any chance we can talk about this later?”
“Yeah,” John said, pointing to the black masses that lined the shore. “Looks like the beach is covered in rocks. Makes for bad swimming.”
need you to be safe,” he said quietly. “And I can’t be the reason why you aren’t.” He looked as if he hated the words.
noise. “I hate to disappoint you, but I’m afraid that’s not quite in my plans.”
, John thought,
“I keep thinking he can’t be dead,” John said, the words escaping him before he realized he was talking. “I keep thinking it has to be a trick, that I’ll turn the corner one day and he’ll just be there in that ridiculous coat of his and he’ll start prattling on about some scheme that’s bloody lost on me and we’ll be off again, on an adventure.”
“Go away,” John whimpered. “If you’re going to carry on being dead, you need to go away.”
“Anything for Sherlock’s special friend,” Angelo said, beaming.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “The cameras are an excellent sign, John. It means that the killer is watching us. We’ve just gained valuable information about how he stalks his victims.” Sherlock’s face was still soft, an attempt at looking like a loving boyfriend, but John could see the spark of excitement in Sherlock’s eyes.
“His behavior affects the odds,” Sherlock said. “He created a new maths problem every time.”
He paused, turning towards Sherlock. “You left me,” he said. “You threw yourself off a building and splattered yourself on the pavement and left me alone, left me to defend your honor to the tabloids, left me to carry on without you, left me to wander the bloody streets on the anniversary of the day we met. Alone. Talking to myself like some bloody lunatic. Is that the sort of thing you do to someone who means something to you?”
“I don’t think I’m angry with you anymore,” John said. “For jumping. For being dead.”
“God,” John breathed. He fell forward into Sherlock again, collapsing against him. His lips were against Sherlock’s neck and Sherlock’s arms were around him and John could have stayed there forever if necessary. There was absolutely nowhere on the whole of this planet he would rather be for the remainder of his days than atop this roof, provided that Sherlock was pressed against him. Sherlock was strong and sturdy and alive and
Sherlock ran the wet gauze through the cut—slowly, one side to the other, just as John instructed.
John pulled Sherlock down on top of him, their mouths sinking together. The kiss was wet, open, and slow—gloriously slow. For the moment, John didn’t mind slow. John wound his arms around Sherlock’s back and Sherlock settled onto him, slotting himself between John’s legs.
“I usually try to roll the sheep in a tarp, bring it back to the mainland,” Darren said to John as they trekked down the field. “But I might hold off for now. Conor.”
John’s eyes met Sherlock and the corner of his mouth twitched into a smile and it was hard for Sherlock to believe that anything else in this life could ever hurt him again. “You never have to worry about that,” John said. “Not anymore.”
Oh. Right.
Sherlock complied, grinding himself against John as forcefully as he could manage. He could feel John against him, his cock hard and hot through the thin fabric of his pants. Sherlock was nearly bursting out of his own pants, a patch of preejaculate already soaking through. He wondered if they would come like this, trousers still on and grinding against each other like animals. Sherlock moaned. Not if he could help it, they wouldn’t.
“Come
“He felt bad that his family wasn’t very well-off,” John said. “That his daughter had medical bills. That his wife had to work so hard. He wanted to provide for them.”
“You’re fairly skilled at pretending,” John said. “Your little characters.” He traced his fingers over Sherlock’s arm. He had seen Sherlock slip into acting as easily as one might step into a pair of trousers, taking on the personality of a stranger so convincingly he’d even fooled John a time or two at the beginning.
“What difference would it have made?” Sherlock asked.
Dew had settled onto the grass around him, and his trousers were almost completely soaked. His hair was wet, plastered to his head. The soft breeze from the day before had intensified into a proper wind, sweeping over his body and chilling him. He groaned, rubbing at his face. None of this was an ideal way to wake up.
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John, resting his hand in the small of John’s back as he tilted his head downward, catching John’s mouth in his. John’s lips parted and he hummed into the kiss, running his hands along Sherlock’s sides and over his arse. Yes, Sherlock thought, standing erect had its benefits.
“I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock,” John said.
John thought about commenting on the
“Were you planning on telling me,” he asked, “at any point?”
John snatched the whiskey back from Sherlock, potential for shattering glass be damned. “What in the
you’re the hurt I can’t forget,
Sherlock shook his head.
Raise a glass to petticoats
“Now,” Sherlock said, sidling up to John at the cooker. “
John felt a little smile twitch across his face. He untangled his arms from himself and touched at Sherlock’s waist. He wasn’t certain if Sherlock felt comfortable being touched in front of Darren, or if the gesture was even appreciated, but he very much felt like touching Sherlock at the moment. “I’ll be sure to,” he said.
Sherlock’s arm tightened around John’s leg. “Keep doing that,” he said.
how to fish out something wonderful
“Honest,” he said as the officers secured him in handcuffs. “This has all been one big misunderstanding.”
And rang.
“Well,” John said. “You don’t have to eat it.” He gestured towards the kitchen with a nod of his head. “There’s other food in there if you’d like.”
. He would have noticed the pang in his chest over that thought were he not so acutely focused on not slipping and falling down the jagged rocks.
Then it happened.
“So,” John said, directing his words entirely towards the car window, “when we were… Um. On the sofa…”
Sherlock murmured against him. “Perhaps if you aren’t thinking so much,” he said, “your accent will be better.”
. He could still hear the faint C to F synthesizer transition of that song, fainter now that he was outside but seemingly chasing him, and his lungs were certainly not taking in enough oxygen. He pressed himself against a wall and bent in half and tried to get his head between his legs but when he closed his eyes he saw John again—face contorted, mouth open, hands pressed against the brick of the alleyway, pushing himself back against Sherlock’s cock as he made noises Sherlock never could have imagined—and the song screamed through his brain (
“Right,” Mary said. “Well. I’ve got some follow-up questions about
“Or,” John said, “Mrs. Hudson knows
,” Sherlock said, sweeping into the sitting room and crowding John’s space from behind.
Gilly said something into her napkin, something wet and sloppy that John couldn’t quite make out. He had a feeling that asking her to repeat herself in this state might be considered rude, so instead he reached over the table and grabbed at her forearm. She had once told him that physical touch was one of her love languages. Words of affirmation was another one of her love languages. As was acts of service. As was quality time. John considered that dating Gilly just might make him multilingual.
“That’s a good boy,” Mary said.
Sherlock grinned, looking up from the computer at last. “Exactly.”
John wasn’t fully sure where they were positioned, but the notes rang through the air as if somehow coming from everywhere.
“Once,” John said, flailing an arm about. “Just
“Well,” Mary said. “I suppose I ought to be thanking the two of you for waking me up.” Her eyes were still glued to the open wall, gun pointed ahead of her.
“More,” John breathed. “Faster.”
John snorted. “A
The truth was, if Sherlock was someone John was going to have a wank to, the two of them probably shouldn’t spend time together. That was the long and short of it. John couldn’t help but feel that if he was split open he would be filled entirely with sick-colored guilt. The morning after that first wank, it was hard for him to even look Mary in the eye. He tried to tell himself that he hadn’t done anything physically wrong, hadn’t stepped outside of the boundaries of his marriage in any literal way, but even he knew that wasn’t quite true at this point. John felt very much as if he was having an affair—an affair in which no physical contact had ever been initiated and in which the other party had no idea they were a participant, but an affair nonetheless. He was rather disgusted with himself at the moment.
Sherlock was flying.
“Yeah,” John said, hearing the disappointment in his voice. He pushed himself up into sitting. With come caked along his stomach and back, he was in desperate need of a wash-up. Still, he couldn’t help but lean forward and run a hand along Sherlock’s side. This was the first he had seen Sherlock like this, save for the incident on the stairway after their first night here, and he couldn’t help but stare. Sherlock’s chest had a few more scars than he remembered, but it was nowhere near as painful-looking as his back and he was lean and smooth, a long stretch of pink skin growing pale with each passing moment since his orgasm. The carved lines of his chest drifted into a slender stomach that angled towards sharp hipbones and a cock—still flushed and plump—that John could barely take his eyes off of.
and I deal with crooks,
“Careful,” John laughed. “If you break this bed they’re going to think we broke it the other way.” He raised an eyebrow at Sherlock. “Especially after that show you put on for Hugh.”
“Yeah,” John said. “You do.” He turned back towards Mary, squaring his shoulders. It was time. “But I owe you an apology too.”
John glanced back towards the bedroom. Sherlock didn’t seem to be moving. “Well,” he said. “He did recently kill a man.”
John sat in the field, Lucy at his side, until the sun he couldn’t even see started dipping towards the horizon. The water plastered his hair to his head and he was soaked through his clothes, down to his pants. He sat on his poisoned island, watching the sheep and feeling an ache that seemed to come from deep in his roots. He found that he didn't mind the rain either.
“It really isn’t,” John said.
It was Sherlock’s voice. Loud. Panicked. Sherlock had his hands on him, rubbing at his chest, grasping at his face, turning his cheek in an effort to peer into John’s eyes. John blinked. The world was dim and blurry and his eyes stung, but there was Sherlock, half-draped over him, propped onto an elbow and staring down at John with a frenzied expression. His sopping curls were matted to his head and his skin was drenched, so pale it was nearly blue. His eyes were red and wet, and John couldn’t be sure that it was only from the water of the Sound.
“Jesus,” John whispered, barely able to breathe. “You feel amazing.”
just barely visible underneath. The man’s clear eyes glittered in the moonlight and John felt as if all the blood unceremoniously rushed from his body. He was reasonably certain he was about to faint.
At this point, Sherlock knew what could keep him frozen. Following Mary’s trail kept him frozen. Foreseeing all of her possible paths for travel, weighing out the probability and strategy of each like a magnificent game of chess kept him frozen. Piecing together the puzzle, working his way through the problem, solving the case—this all kept him frozen. It wasn’t easy, but Sherlock felt he was doing a remarkable job at it. He was a Sherlock-shaped block of ice, and he was certain to survive the winter.
you, you realize. He sees
“Says she’s the only one who really knows what he’s like,” John said, his voice so low Mary didn’t even hear him over her laughter.
Sherlock shrugged. “Seems like the sort of thing boyfriends would do while sitting by the fire.”
“I’m working on the chicken curry recipe,” John said. “Give me time.”
The sheer number of stars was unfathomable. They stretched across the whole of the sky, billions upon billions of glimmering points of light standing out against the inky night. They all seemed to be different sizes, some almost blindingly bright, some so dim as to barely be visible. John swore he could see a few bloody twinkling. They spoke of an incomprehensible vastness, a universe so expansive as to render the very ground upon which John sat functionally invisible. John exhaled and it seemed as if the sky sucked the very breath from him, carrying it along into the twinkling abyss that spanned just beyond his eyes.
John’s face went hot again. “I...” he started. “I don’t…” He gave up. He felt a bit like fleeing, and disappearing into the loo would temporarily afford him that opportunity. “Sure,” he said. He adjusted himself in a manner that he hoped was discrete but was probably recorded forever in the hard drives of both Sherlock’s brain and the Holiday Killer’s computer.
in public, and they
If one observes the countless riddles
“Sherlock.” John hopped along beside Sherlock on his good foot. “What the—”
I’ll hold you like a memory
John lingered for a moment, watching Sherlock walk away. He felt sliced down the middle and more than a little foolish. Had he really misread the situation last night so egregiously? He considered never leaving the island, finding the mythical little cave Conor said that Ferriter chap hid out in to kill all the English and staying there until the water took him. The wind slammed into John’s back, urging him forward. He followed after Sherlock.
, and
Sherlock’s hand was warm against John’s. He still had a hand around John’s shoulder, but he seemed to be holding him close rather than holding him up. “I wanted to see you,” he said. His eyes flickered to the ground, sheepish. “Today.”
By the time John reached Baker Street, he was a sweaty mess and it seemed as if his whole body was thrumming along with his heartbeat. His legs felt numb and absent; he wasn’t particularly sure how they had carried him this far at all. His lungs burned with the night air. The stars were all but forgotten.
John glanced around the room, remembering for the first time that Sherlock might be in here with him. His bed was empty. John wasn’t quite sure if he was thankful that Sherlock wasn’t there to bear witness to his panic attack or disappointed that Sherlock had chosen to sleep elsewhere for the night. However, John was a bit too distracted to attend to either of those emotions. His slowly-dwindling panic had the floor at the moment, thank you very much.
John pinched at the bridge of his nose. “Sherlock,” he said. “Molly has been nothing but kind to us over the years.
“Hmm,” John said. “Hope you aren’t particularly attached to your skin.”
“And you’ll have to tell me how you like the cottage,” Gilly said. “My agency also manages that listing occasionally. Some guests have said that it’s a bit drafty. We’ve also gotten some complaints about the property manager. Seems he can be a bit overly friendly at times. Kind of a creep, if you ask me.”
Your bacteria, you mean?
John had recognized the backpack the homeless network described. He gave it to her for her birthday. Now it was in some skip in Germany.
you. They might nod or smile or wave, but you know that if they had a gun to their head, they couldn’t pick you out of a lineup. You looked at me and you…” yes, your face is definitely red now, “you
“It’s certainly not the latter,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock texted when he arrived on the mainland. John wasn’t particularly sure why. John didn’t respond. His brain was still a bit dull and soggy from the day before. He needed several moments before he could wrap his mind around interacting with Sherlock in any capacity.
. But I’ve never…” Sherlock waved his hand, gesturing with the needle holder. “I’ve never...on a person who…”
You are all wonderful human beings and you fill my soul with joy.
“I am very much interested in widening that divide,” Sherlock said. He bit at John’s chest. “If at all possible.” He found one of John’s nipples with his tongue, licking over the sensitive flesh until it hardened.
You laugh again and the unprecedentedly idiotic smile has now taken over the whole of your face. “I suppose so,” you say.
Sherlock had snapped at him.
Sherlock mumbled something in response. There was a good chance that he hadn’t even heard and would carry on talking long after John retired upstairs.
John could feel himself wanting to throttle Mary and she wasn’t even in the room.
The man was still shouting and struggling, the sound muffled under the water, only bubbles. It was daft, what the man was doing. He would run out of air. He would go first, John knew. It didn’t matter that they would both go—that much was inevitable. But the man would go first. That was all that mattered. John held on.
“John,” Mary said. She seemed exasperated, like she had told him to pick up his wet towels off the floor over a dozen times and was frankly sick of it. “I really wish you’d stop about all this.”
“It was killing me too,” John said, his voice growing thick. “You looking at me like that, touching me, doing everything I’d wished you’d done for years. And knowing, the whole time, you were just shamming. It was awful.”
John exhaled, forcing his tired brain to count to ten.
but here in this space for the ones that were shunned
“Finland,” Sherlock said. “We’re going to Finland.”
Scrutinize each speck of me,
Sherlock’s eyes dropped back to the eviscerated wood. “Not that it’d stop you from leaving,” he said. “Even that. I can’t stop you leaving. And it’s wrong of me to try. So yes. You should leave. I’m telling you to leave.” With that, he tossed the wood into the fireplace and set about arranging logs, finding matches. It would appear the conversation was over.
“I—” John had lines here. He was sure of it. They seemed, at the moment, to have fallen out of his head entirely.
,” Sherlock shouted.
“No,” John said, arguably a little too quickly. “No. No need for a, uh…” he found himself incapable of saying the word
“Again,” John said, “a bit of a different definition of
“Then,” he said, allowing a hand to run down the side of John’s body, over his hip, “I had my fingers,” he ran his hand over John’s arse, pressing a finger just against his hole, “here.”
“You’re too kind,” John said, smiling. Sherlock was busy making origami swans out of the both of their napkins.
John didn’t even have time to open his mouth in protest before Angelo was gone.
He pictured John, lounging back on the sofa, head tucked against the cushions and legs sprawled out before him, eyes on his mobile, waiting for Sherlock to respond. It would be dark in his flat—John didn’t need lights on to see the screen. John would feel safe in the darkness, the disinhibition of being unseen.
“Hello,” John said to the ewe.
“They always regret it,” Sherlock said. He was pacing in tight circles atop the coffee table. “But only if the crime goes sideways. Something about things turning out rather worse than expected grants criminals the power of impeccable hindsight.”
“You know what I mean,” John said. “We weren’t in a romantic relationship for all eleven.”
Regarding the sheep mutilations (...is a sentence I just typed), readers will never “see” these occur—that is, they occur “off screen” and the sheep are described once they are already dead. I hope that makes sense. If you have any questions about tags or any aspects of this fic before you read further, feel free to message me on
in the mood.” He started trying for the eighth step, hopping upwards with his full weight against Sherlock’s side.
“That dolphin they told us about,” John said. “They say he comes out to see you when you fish in his cove. That you two are sort of…” John waved a hand, “pals. Is that true?”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “While I am hesitant to give you a full blow-by-blow of my complete sexual history,” he said, “I am more than willing to do so if it will derail the train of thought upon which you are currently embarking.”
Sherlock nodded. He had lifted himself onto an elbow so he could scrutinize John’s body as he worked. “It’s important,” he said.
“I think the part you keep missing,” Sherlock said, “is the subtraction.”
“And that’d be—“ John started.
, mate,” the man said brusquely, and crossed the street without looking.
“Like I said.” Sherlock grinned. “Fun.”
The dreams—the dreams of Sherlock, to be specific—were reaching a level John might call
“Will must have gotten it out of him,” Sherlock was saying, his hands at his lips. “There at the end. He must have worked it out of Declan somehow. Threatened to go after his family, maybe. He had their address. He could have.”
bed this time. He reminded his body that he needed to go look for Sherlock. There was a sheep-killer on the island, some werewolf. It was best that they stick together.
Me and her,
You go with the after-work crowd, while the sun still shines through the windows. You take a seat at the bar and order a pint and drink it down slowly. The barkeep nods at you and the patrons elbow past to order their drinks and nobody ever talks to you, not really anyway. You drink your pint and keep your eyes on whatever football match is playing on the telly and when you’re finished you nod at the barkeep and make your way back home. The barkeep nods back, but if you turned up missing the next day and the police came by to ask if he had seen you he would blink absently at your photograph.
*           *           *
“Yeah,” John said, all eyes on Sherlock.
was surprisingly overpowering. His cock was certainly interested, although John refused to ask himself any questions as to what
“You would have to be very, very still,” Sherlock said against John’s ear. His hands moved along John’s chest. The edge of Sherlock’s thumb flicked across John’s nipple. “And very, very quiet.”
Mary smiled. “That depends on your answer.”
Sherlock asked.
. Sherlock would remind John that the smell of him on the blankets made him impossibly aroused. Then he would push John down onto the bed and snog him until they
And if historians should study us
“Doesn’t make it any less stupid,” Sherlock said over his shoulder.
John nodded—the only means of communication he seemed capable of at the moment. Sherlock stroked his cock with a rhythm that had John shaking and John swore he saw spots. He pawed at Sherlock’s clothes, working open Sherlock’s flies with dumb fingers. John’s trousers were barely to his knees and his jumper dangled off one arm and he didn’t even bother to get Sherlock’s flies fully open before he worked Sherlock’s cock out of his pants. Sherlock was hard, the tip of his cock already leaking, and John ran his fingers down the length of him, reveling in the noises Sherlock made as he did so, the way Sherlock’s body nearly stuttered to a stop against him.
Sherlock looked away sheepishly. “I asked the internet,” he said.
“It is
“No it won’t,” Sherlock said darkly. For a man bound to a bed with a knife to his throat, he seemed confident.
Perhaps you’d like to see?
There was Sherlock, sitting on the white sands of the beach, knees hugged into his chest, in the middle of a horde of grey seals. The seals kept a bit of distance from him but otherwise seemed undisturbed by his presence. They carried on as usual, rolling about on their great bellies and waggling their flippers and horking and snuffing at one another. They seemed, as much as possible, to have accepted Sherlock as one of their own.
“All right,” Sherlock said. “All right. Just…” his voice shook, a rough sound over the speaker, “don’t hurt him.”
“Hush,” John said. “We’re kissing now.”
A whirring noise, faint but growing louder, sounds through the room. You crawl beside Sherlock and peer up at the ceiling, brows furrowed. You expect to see a man drop through the opening in the ceiling, perhaps dressed darkly and wearing some sort of military-grade night vision goggles, but instead there emerges a tiny flying robot. The thing is sleek and black and has propellers at all sides guiding it smoothly through the opening and down into the lobby of the bank. A little light blinks just at its front, and a hook dangles from its center.
He was asleep almost immediately.
“Molly,” Sherlock said, turning to her with his most convincing obviously-fake smile. “You are an intelligent, reasonable, well-educated woman…”
“You weren’t really listening to your therapist,” Sherlock said, “Sometimes one must be shown, not told.”
His eyes stay on you until the train pulls away.
“It’s festive,” John said.
He poured himself a cuppa and felt the warmth seep into his body. He walked back into the sitting room.
. It consumes you, he said, your entire body is filled with need. You didn’t understand at the time but you’re starting to think you might.
*           *           *
—stop assuming I can read your mind and just tell me what the hell you’re on about, that would be lovely.”
died—sentiment clung to odds and ends of John’s life in a way that was nonsensical. There were bits that were obvious, of course—things too painful for John to attempt to touch again. Baker Street was right out, as was Barts. He had to get a new mobile, of course, one wholly unfamiliar to him, with foreign ringtones. It only took one heart-lurching chime of a text from someone who was unforgivably
I can be occasionally found on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ArwaMachine
*           *           *
When Sherlock returned from the field, he sank back down at John’s side, tugging the head-lamp from his forehead. “Sleep,” he said. “I can keep watch.”
Sherlock was staring at a series of maps he pinned to the wall when John trudged up the stairs into the flat. “
is a more appropriate term,” Sherlock said, slamming the kettle on the counter with such force that nearly all the water was knocked back out. “Your bedroom door is a veritable revolving door of all the questionable bachelorettes in London. And then you tell me you’ve been with men as well. Can't wait until John Watson starts to add some male notches to his bedpost at Baker Street. This will be a valuable data collection opportunity for me to determine if
“If you’d like,” Sherlock said.
“Oh,” John said. Now that he was looking around, he could see that there weren’t any other trees on the island. The grass grew fairly well, and there were those little dots of thin flowers, but not another tree to be seen.
“Regardless,” Sherlock said, “it won’t stop you from looking,” A trace of bitterness had returned to his voice, just enough to sting. “As I said. Love makes fools of us all.”
As soon as John was able to get Gilly off the phone—she was already eagerly talking about dates and venues and John reasoned that he might be properly panicking now—he went to look for Sherlock. Sherlock wasn’t anywhere in the cottage and when John darted out the front door he found the car missing from the drive.
You swallow. “I’m not lying,” you say. “I like it just fine here. It’s—”
“No you’re not,” John said. He shook his head. “I don’t know what I’m even doing here, Sherlock. I follow you around like a damn puppy, you do nothing but belittle every contribution I try to make and then just leave whenever you don’t need anything from me anymore, which is a
Eventually, John grew used to weaving through the crowds, dragged along by Sherlock’s hand and tossing an apology over his shoulder as he brushed against some disgruntled tourist. John had never been one for crowds, and he found himself particularly wary of them after returning home from Afghanistan. Too much could go wrong in a crowd, and far too quickly. This kind of scene—a mess of loud and distracted tourists—would be exactly the sort of thing John was keen to avoid. However, there was something comforting about being tethered to Sherlock during all of it. Sherlock’s hand was warm and his grip was firm and he led with confidence, his sharp eyes scanning every detail of the crowd for anything amiss. John found he had very little to complain about regarding the physical contact. On the infrequent occasions that Sherlock dropped his hand—and they were infrequent indeed—John found he missed the touch.
