The other member of his party hadn't arrived yet, per the maître d', and his small clutch borrowed from Natasha in-hand, he followed the waiter over to the table and sat, a little put out by the fact that it was beside the kitchen doors. Well, he had made it last minute, and he hadn't dropped the name 'Tony Stark,' so he couldn't be all that surprised that they'd ended up with a shit table.
"Steve may be the boss, but I'm the one that pays for everything and builds everything and makes you guys look cool. Always have to be thinking about this sort of stuff."
Tony, his eyes puffy and his face a little achy from the sobs, looked up at him, and he wordlessly wiped away the tears from his face as Steve took a hesitant step into the bathroom. He watched Tony for a moment then folded his arms tight against his chest, tucking his hands into his armpits, and said a quiet and low, "You OK?"
"First of all, Steve is not dead, and second— Goddamn it, J! Open the fucking doors! I know what I'm fucking doing here!"
Steve looked to Natasha, who he figured to be the only one in the room that could actually give him the right story. She looked up at him, her face bland, but there was a look in her eyes that spoke to the idiotic nature of his two friends, and she said, "They have to learn how to share."
Barnes was looking at him, slightly confused, like he wasn't quite sure what to make of the situation.
"Yeah? As Bruce keeps telling me, he isn't that kind of doctor, so he doesn't know what he's talking about."
And so, from the moment Anthony had become King, the Council had been pressuring him to take a queen. Preferably a noblewoman of some standing, but after years of Anthony rebuffing their suggestions, which later turned into demands, they would even suffer a
He started the car and set his hands on the wheel as he looked at Tony, and Tony suddenly realized the son-of-a-bitch was dead serious.
He didn't cry. Starks didn't cry. Hell, he didn't even cry at his parents' funeral. But god, if he wasn't tempted. If there wasn't some weird emotion building up inside him—
Tony nodded and swallowed, a lump having formed in his throat, and Rhodey pulled him into a one-armed hug and patted his back and said, "I can run interference on it if you need me to."
Steve set the bag down on a chair then took the few steps over to meet him, and he took hold of Tony's hand and stood beside him, frowning as he watched the screen.
He sighed and set the juice down on the counter next to his coffee. "You know there's going to be a shower now, right? Where all the gifts are gender-neutral verging on more appropriate for a boy— well, more appropriate going by societal dictates?"
"Got it," Rhodey said with a slight nod, and Tony turned toward the direction of the living room and called out, "Livvy, dinner!"
Barnes snorted a laugh but said, "Yeah, well, if Steve really fell for you when you were a fella, then he's not completely changed. Told me the serum fixed 'im, but I knew he was full of shit. I saw the way he looked sometimes. I saw the way he looked at that Peg Carter, but I saw the way he looked at the guys, too. It wasn't just 'anatomy studies' or whatever the hell he used to call 'em. Just glad he found…someone that isn't gonna hurt 'im. Was always afraid he'd get in over his head someday, and I wouldn't be able to bail him out. Somehow, I think he found someone more stubborn than himself."
Barton was saying something about how popular the movie was, probably trying to explain the reasoning for the little figurine, but Tony just sat and brushed his thumb over the trinket, biting his lip as his eyes welled at the remembrance of a little voice singing — or attempting to sing — 'Let It Go' to him.
"Thor," Steve said, the tone dark and demanding, "report on what you know about this Esmeralda's hexes."
"Oh," Tony muttered. "Yeah, that's you and the brat. Took that the other day when we were trying to bake cookies for the party. Yes, I bake. Shut up. It's awesome, and I'm fucking awesome at it. It's because it's fun; it's not because—"
"And they're not half-bad at it," Steve said then nudged Tony a little bit. "Go on. Make a wish and blow out the candles."
In contrast to the hustle and bustle going on several floors away, Tony's lab was silent as a morgue. It was comforting, peaceful, and though ideally he knew he should
"No worries Mr. Tony! He's really good at keeping secrets! He's been my friend since forever, and he's been my buddy through everything and he's totally kept my secrets! Like that one time I ate all the cookies and Aunt May asked who did it, and we told her it fell, and it didn't really fall, we ate them all, and Ned totally kept it a secret! Plus he's known about me being Spider man for a while now, and he's just my guy in the chair!"
He glanced over to Natasha who trained her look to hide how shocked she felt, but Steve could see it, he could see the soft shake in her fingers and the tight furrowed eyebrows. Steve couldn't help but run his eyes over the rest of his teammates and seeing their reactions, they...they all had had the dreams.
"Look! That's the difference! In this world, Anthony Stark died, but in that one...the Metal man is Anthony Stark!" Natasha told them and....their reactions were not nearly as bright as Steve had been hoping for.
Tony's eyesight was slowly warming up to the bright white he suddenly saw and realized he was high up...High up? He was never this tall? He could see all of Howard's lab from up here, that couldn't be right. He could see puddles of red splattered across the concrete floor, and the loose wires hanging from the roof, and-
"I...think...we're stuck here...?" Steve uttered looking back at Ms. Potts, her hair was a mess and her shirt was disheveled. She turned back to the machine and placed her hands on it. Steve knew the metal wasn't cool yet, but Ms. Potts seemed more erratic about this. She banged her hands on the metal when the small robots lifted their hands and started to pull on Ms. Pott's pants. She stumbled back as the robots seemed to pull harder. "Stop..." Ms.Potts uttered at the bots. Steve slowly stepped forward and lightly grabbed Ms. Potts' arm.
Oh...okay it was about Bucky. That made sense, he was always so emotional about his friend. Tony understood he had Rhode- OH MY GOD RHODES! Rhodey! How in the fuck could he have forgotten him! He needed to find him! What happened to him!? He'd have to search at the next available moment. He had Pepper safe, and Happy, Oh and the kid! He'd have to see about Peter...Oh the kid was probably all on his own out there with his terrible makeshift suit! He had a lot more searching to do than he thought. Right! Steve.
Before the world merged Tony had come to terms with what had happened, he knew that his parent's deaths weren't exactly Bucky's fault. He had been brainwashed, it wasn't his fault, but it still was strange in this moment of silence to just come to terms with it all. It never happened, well the fight didn't Tony knew even without him growing up Howard and his mother would still have been killed by the winter soldier. Seeing as Howard's death was still on the same date.
"And was there a reason as to why we are only hearing about this now?" Sam calmly asked, oh boy was that a scary tone.
He didn't...he thought Tony was...he thought that maybe...maybe Howard had hid something...that Howard...maybe...
"How did I survive? We were on lock down...how did I get to this hospital." Tony manged to whisper out, he could hear Steve shift uncomfortably.
"Wait- hold on, messed with the universes?" Steve couldn't help but blurt out, and bearded man glanced over with a sigh, someone...someone had been messing with their head- no, the universe. All those nightmares? They....
"No It's a reboot..." Ms. Potts said softly, 2, 1. The small bots moved back and started to pull out needles from the back of the machine and replug in the wires. There were no sparks. Slowly the lights started to light back up and the small blue light that Steve hadn't even noticed was emitting from the-Tony... Tony wasn't a machine, he didn't sound like it. He was, but he sounded alive.
" Tony continued to shout as a siren started to blare and the machines started to rip out the wires in the back of the machine-Tony. This was Tony, something was wrong with Tony. The sparks were getting worse bouncing across the floor and both Natasha and Steve had to pull Ms. Potts all the way to the back towards the elevator, the siren was even louder, it hurt, it really hurt.
"There has to be at least one." Tony could feel his whole plan falling apart, he needed to fix this he needed a plan, god where did the air go?
Tony liked it better when he got to mess around with the circuit board! He liked how the electricity sounded when it tried to find its path, singing to Tony which way it needed to land so to work. It just flowed with such grace it was like watch Jarvis cook...always peaceful and kind, soft whisperings of joy.
Tony didn't have an answer back...he had revealed too much, just like he knew, emotions caused people to reveal too much. More than one wanted.
"Ms. Potts told me you would be here, follow me" he called as he started to walk out of the elevator. They passed multiple offices until finally coming to a double door entrance way, the man, Happy, pushed one door open to show a strawberry blonde woman sitting at a desk working on paper work. She looked up and smiled softly at the three.
Strange- ever the cryptid wizard as he was had learned from the ancient one how to work in more mysterious ways than god at this point. But he had succeeded, he had never merged the universes to punish Tony- to fix the timeline- no that would be easy to fix with time travel, The  real reason...was about acceptance, about love, Tony had finally accepted himself as a human and as the machine- as had the rest of the Avengers- finally finding their home, all the splinters finally coming together to make a perfect home. Strange could finally smile in peace.
"Although..." What? Tony stopped, and his sensors were picking up the heart beats of the the other Avengers and how they raised. What did this mean?
Somewhere along the way the motions started to merge and become second nature to Steve, the vignetting appearing again, the room seemed to pull and stretch...was it cold? They were further into the concrete creating a small crater in the cold floor.
"That's only because you still use AOL Rogers, and I'm pretty sure that is not even a thing anymore."
That...that was the other him....whispering in his head, and now he knew what Dr. Strange meant on how Tony had split, there was no other Tony, not really there was a copy, another him that he had seen in his memories but they were all him. There was just him, cut in half from his own self denial and hatred, He was shattered in so many places he couldn't stand to accept the fact of him being himself. But Tony understood now, he never did want to be an AI that wasn't enough for him, he say his memories, his desperation to escape, he wasn't going to let Howard win again.
" He could feel this other being slip farther into his coding, it needed to stop! It needed to leave!
His head throbbed and burned and yet Tony couldn't do a thing about it, when had his upper lip gotten so wet? His eyes began to water at the pain- or was it the harsh light? The headache that was resulted in the pain began behind his eyes and reached the back of his neck, making black spots dance around his eyes. It was surprising how cold Tony felt despite the hot searing pain in his body, the world around him was soo
"Yes, Hello! Stop being a loser, and look over here, at your phone." Tony wish he could smile as Peter's apprehensive face slowly peeked into view. He then slowly picked up his phone and Tony's vision blurred as Peter wasn't careful as he handled his phone.
But Tony digressed, the suit was done, which means he could finally contact the little spider kid. He could finally have a good reason to burn that abominable sweat suit Peter insisted was good enough for him. For God's sake it had duck tape on it. DUCK TAPE!
....In fact Peter had said he had forced Ned into breaking into his code, but after hearing about how he weaponized hamsters Tony wasn't to certain that Ned hadn't thought of it himself.
and it would explode and he would have not hope of feeling okay again. It was always the aftermath that was the worst, that left over-
Before Steve was a man that could only be described as starved. His body was wasted away, his fingers long and bony, wires stabbed into his veins. His legs were cut hazardously right under his knees.
With a soft dawning realization, he began to understand that...that...he was in a Hospital...that...that was good. Tony struggled for a moment, his breathing became labored as if suddenly it was like reality was crashing into him, no longer was he numb but
"Not exactly." He breathed out and watched them all evenly, as if he was above the torrid of chaos he had just dropped on them.
And didn't that just feel bad a bit, without Tony's involvement, Rhodey would have been fired from SI and would not been involved in any Civil War, and safe from being paralyzed.
And wasn't that more ominous than the sound of sparks. Steve looked over at Natasha and gave her a warning look, and she nodded in comprehension. By the time Steve was in a defensive stance, Natasha had already gotten the sobbing boy to mere sniffles, and was whispering something in his ears.
Natasha quickly took charge, Bruce being freaked was not something to mess with, especially with a potential threat, and some- god he was just a kid- spider boy with them.
"Well...What do you remember Bucky?" Steve knew that answer....Steve had heard about Bucky's nightmare, and had seen it himself, the man in the metal body, the monster that had hurt him so so bad.
Just wanted to be free of his restraints of his reputation, just for once he wanted to say just Tony.
He was taking a breath...when had Tony laid down? he could feel waaarmth...oh...The other Tony was holding his face almost delicately...why was there copper taste in his mouth?
"Hey Facial Hair Bro, welcome to the party zone!" Tony opened his arms out to welcome the Doctor to his Lab.
"Okay so...what's our best bet here?" Steve asked looking at Natasha, he was suddenly feeling exhausted, as if the weight of the world was starting to weigh on his shoulders. Or it was probably the lack of sleep, but the world metaphor felt better in the current situation.
Steve shook his head,"no that one is gone, he deleted it, here, one is do not talk about my creation, two do not talk about Tony Stark, three do not act human, but that was deleted, four do not allow the archives to be accessed, and five do not allow refurbishment or dismantling to occur." Steve listed off, as Natasha quickly wrote down what he say.
But those wires, there was no way of knowing if this was him or not. He couldn't move the camera view-oh and how limiting that was- but he could still focus in on certain parts of his eyesight. Like zooming-actually that was exactly what it was. Zooming in on the footage. No blue prints...He couldn't tell exactly what it was Howard was working on. Unfortunately Howard wasn't exactly clear on what he was working on, Tony remembered him constantly jumping between twelve different projects, and constantly drunk as he did so, the smell revolting him as a kid. Honestly it was a wonder Howard was even able to create functioning...well...anything.
"Excuse me?" Director Fury called out, all the Avengers were standing in battle positions. Tony tried to speak but another electric shock ran through like an iron nail through his brain.
"PETER! Breathe! I'm okay! Everything is fine" Tony cut in trying to reassure the kid, god he really did look worried, so terribly terrified.
He was taking a breath...when had Tony laid down? he could feel waaarmth...oh...The other Tony was holding his face almost delicately...why was there copper taste in his mouth?
"For a better future, yes...but why? What had happened to warrant such an action." Bruce finally whispered forward, Steve was almost relieved, Bruce was easily the smartest in the group.
"Calm down Fury, I'm sure we can calmly come to a solution." Steve offered, Bruce looking a bit nervous.
Tony...didn't know what to say....he didn't know what to think....what...what did...Tony...Tony was merely a body..
The AI him walked closer and the blood on his arms and legs were suddenly gone as he reached up to touch Tony's face. Tony stared down into the AI eyes and that was the thing-they were eyes suddenly, Tony could see his own eyes reflected back at him, gazing down into his soul with understanding and comprehension.
Tony put all his strength in the muscles of his limbs, pushing them to gather up underneath him and not fail him now. His limbs were so shaky and broken, and thin, they hadn't been that thin when he had first sat in the chair.
Oh wow this took longer than I thought it would. I've had a lot happen and school as been incredibly busy  and I got sick for a bit, but I'm happy to say I finally finished this up.
Damn, he couldn't ignore that. Flickering to the launch pad he started up the process to get the Quinjet ready. Not waiting to see if the Avengers were late, flickering back to the coding screen again. Scrolling through Tony finally spotted the coding keeping the error DO NOT ACT HUMAN from happening. Fucking stupid, Tony was not going to be stuck as a polite butler, even Jarvis was allowed sass. If Tony was going to be stuck in a giant ball machine- ha a literal ghost in the machine- he was going to own it.
"Mmm… I know," he said and smiled lazily at him then went up on his toes to nuzzle at Steve's jaw. He hummed again and said, "Need a shave, old man."
"Are you sure?" Steve asked as Tony pulled away the scraps of dough. "That might exceed my abilities."
But, in thinking about the way Barnes had looked so reluctant over Steve's suggestion to join the Avengers, there was something about Barnes' attitude toward Steve that pinged something in his memory — something Steve had said to him just a few days before —
Barnes didn't say anything, and Steve shot a remorseful look at Tony before he turned his attention back to his old friend.
"Fine," Tony muttered after a moment. "I suppose it would be...hypocritical to encourage you and discourage her."
The point of the matter was that he maybe had the slightest bit of a 'crush' on his teammate, and the last thing he wanted to do was to chance letting anyone — Tony in particular — find that out. Even if he'd heard that Tony was more of a 3 or 4 on the Kinsey scale (he'd had to look that up after he'd heard Clint use the expression, and if there was one wonderful thing about this new century he'd found himself in, it was that thing called 'Google'), Tony had never so much as hinted anything beyond amused interest in him — like he was something to unmask and take apart and figure out how he worked. He flirted, sure, but Tony flirted with everyone, even Natasha (he still wasn't sure how Tony was still alive). It was just his personality. So, any sly remarks or innuendo or lingering touches really meant nothing. Steve wasn't alone in getting those. Everyone did. Even Thor.
Tony wanted to remind him of the sketches he'd just seen earlier that Steve had done of his other form — those rather provocative sketches he'd drawn with so much love and affection that the ones he'd done of Tony's male form looked downright clinical in comparison — but he kept his mouth shut because he already knew Steve would deny it 'til he was blue in the face.
He grumbled to himself and glared at the disappointments in the sink then went over to the fridge, stepping on a fucking coffee bean in the process. "
Steve seemed to sense there was something unsettling behind his warning, but he still gave a concise nod and said, "Of course."
"I can't tell you why it's a long story, but you with me is, I like to think, because we fell in love. As corny as that sounds. 'course, with the way you're acting, now I'm left wondering if you and Howard didn't have something going on together, and boy, does that open up all sorts of weird Greek tragedy shit. I mean, he did spend pretty much the entirety of the rest of his life looking for you…"
Tony swore he heard something like a growl rumble in Steve's throat. He might have found that a turn-on in a completely different situation.
"Sometimes I don't know why I even bother," he muttered, but Tony knew he was talking not about discussing things with Tony but looking for Barnes.
A fucking daughter that had just fucking ruined the best fucking thing that had ever happened to him.
Natasha set him with a perplexed look, and he shrugged and amended, "I mean, I assume that's what happened anyway."
Thanks, everyone, that's left comments so far. I thoroughly appreciate them, and I'm humbled by how many people seem to actually remember this story, lol! I promise to get to them in the coming days or weeks, but being An Adult™ and also contracting some sort of killer cold are eating up most of my time at the moment.
"I'm serious," the guy said, pushing even closer, if that was possible, rolling his hips some and breathing the words into Tony's ear. "I know how to make my partners feel
from useless." He brushed his thumb over Steve's cheek and added, "You're the only one all of us can even be bothered to listen to."
"Then he keeps them very well hidden. Steve Rogers doesn't hide his doubts nearly as well as he thinks he does."
"Tough," Steve said and, letting instinct rule him, grabbed Tony's legs and pushed them up and open, taking only a moment to appreciate the difference in his anatomy. Again, this was the first time he'd ever gotten this far with a woman, and, to be honest, he really didn't know exactly what to do — was it different than what he normally did with Tony? — but as though some primal urge was controlling him, and with a brazenness he didn't know he possessed, he stuck a finger between the folds of flesh, warmth and slickness greeting him, and brushed the pad of his finger against what he found there, Tony humming and pushing into the touch. His finger hit something hard and rounded like a pea, and Tony hissed and gasped and said, "Shit," but didn't otherwise complain, and Steve stroked that area a few times before he dragged his finger down and inserted it inside of Tony. He crooked his finger just a little and rubbed his middle knuckle against the slick heat he found there, Tony gasping and then moaning ever so quietly beneath him. It felt different than the hole Steve usually filled, but no less pleasurable, and after what he assumed was a few minutes of stroking Tony's newly-found most-intimate parts, he pulled his hand out then lined himself up, teasing the entrance with the tip of his cock and watching as Tony pushed down again and tried to meet him. He glanced up to see Tony with his head thrown back, bottom lip between his teeth and eyes squeezed shut, and he watched as Tony released his red, swollen bottom lip and breathed out a desperate, "Please, Steve. Please."
He just shot what he knew was a pathetic look at her, and she frowned at the sight he quite clearly made then reached out and brushed away a few stubborn teardrops with her thumb.
"You kidding, babe?" Tony said and pulled off his own sunglasses and handed them to Steve to stick in one of his free pockets. "Thousands of dollars a plate to see and be seen and maybe even get to meet an Avenger? Chicken feed to a lot of these vultures. Come on." He motioned to one end of the room. "I think I see Nat and Bruce over yonder."
"How?" Steve asked and slid his hand off Tony's to rest against his satin-and-gossamer covered belly.
He leaned up against him to read over his shoulder. "I like the way it looks on me. Makes me feel kind of, I don't know,
Tony suspected Barnes's words were actually more than about Steve's hairstyle. As Barnes had changed, evidently, the part of him that remembered the war and before realized his little pal Stevie had changed as well. But it was easier to tie that to something superficial like a hairstyle than anything deeper.
"I mean, what's the point? Doesn't 'decaf' defeat the entire purpose of coffee? You don't drink it to put you to sleep. You drink it to wake the fuck up. And you know it's probably not really decaf, right? It's the greatest con ever perpetuated. Decaf coffee. Yeah, sure, we'll tell people it's 'decaf,' and they'll eat that bullshit right up. Like coffee but hate the buzz it gives you? Who the hell could ever hate that?"
He nodded. He didn't even have to think about it, and though he might have been showing his cards, at the moment, he didn't care. Something about him wouldn't let him care. Something inside told him
"Hmm?" Tony said, doing a quick scan of the perimeter to make sure everyone was satisfied with their food and drinks. "Always," he said, unthinking, and turned to look up at Steve.
Steve closed up the folder and tossed it back onto the desk where he'd found it. "I just wanted to see something."
He shrugged but didn't lessen his hold on Tony's wrists any, and Tony began to wonder if there was something to what Natasha had been saying about him being Steve's anchor to the present. "Might be fun?" he said and opened his eyes, meeting Tony's gaze.
He went over to the adjacent bathroom and did his business, and it was as he was washing up that he caught sight of himself in the mirror ahead of him. He stared at the woman that stared back at him, at her long, thick hair and the soft curves of her face then shifted his gaze down to the rather prominent bulge of swollen breasts that ached and an abdomen that had gotten so big it had begun to push out his belly button. Not taking his eyes off his belly, he shut the water off in the sink then put his damp hands to the swell, rubbing it gently, feeling the movement going on within, the diamonds and sapphires on his left hand glinting in the light. He swallowed, feeling a jab against the side of his abdomen, and he pushed a finger back against it.
"Oh," he said and felt that was sufficient. "OK, you have to promise you won't say anything. I want it to be a surprise." He shot a glare at an innocent-looking Thor. "That means you, too, Goldilocks. I want Steve to actually be surprised by this, not have to pretend that he totally didn't already know what was in the box."
"Hmm…" Tony said and cut off another bite of chicken. He held the piece up on the tines of his fork, and he twirled his fork a little as he said, "I'm going to take a guess and say it doesn't taste as good as the stuff I used to make for her."
Steve nodded as well, and as he got up to leave, Tony called out, "You know, if we're serious about doing this Avengers-thing, maybe you might want to rethink being Fury's lapdog."
Steve smirked as he looked over the menu. "If they serve us horse at these prices, I'm going to file a complaint with the city."
Steve remained silent, not deigning to move a muscle, so Tony dropped his hands from the child's head and continued.
Tony hummed as he considered this, soldering a wire to a new connection. "The era you guys came from, I figured you'd be relieved Steve didn't want to fuck you."
"I still say all you losers are jealous," Tony said as Steve leaned closer to the cake, seeming to feel it safe now that most of the sparklers had burned down to the end. He went to fold his arms as he waited for Steve to make his wish and blow out the candles, but as he made to do so, Steve reached out and snagged a hold of his hand, and he squeezed it tight as he took a breath, seemingly made his wish, and blew out all the candles in one fell swoop.
"The hell I did! Get it down to my lab. I'll worry about fixing it later. It's probably fine now. Just needs a reboot."
Cap simply nodded and scuffed one booted foot against the floor. "You know, you never answered my question."
"No, I think I'm going to have to agree with my beefy, blonde friend here," Tony said, and she turned her attention to him. "It's cruel. It's absolutely cruel. You're saying if anything bad happens to this cluster of cells that I'm going to die. And you didn't exactly explain what happens when this goes to term. Am I suddenly going to develop a vagina? Is this thing going to go all John Hurt in
He sat there with the fucking polish and a rag and worked at those damned things for a half-an-hour like he was some old-timey bootblack getting paid for it."
"Something more," he said and rinsed the cloth out, and before he could help himself, Steve said, "You're a good-looking man."
Because for whatever reason, he couldn't stop imaging the Cap that Olivia kept describing, and that Cap...
Steve pulled the one of him and Barnes to the forefront, and he flipped it over to look at what was on the back. He startled a bit before he smiled, a little fondly and a little sadly.
He suddenly realized he'd probably ground the coffee beans to a fine powder — caught in his thoughts as he was — and he shut the grinder off and pulled the top off.
"Uh, we have guests coming, Steven." He motioned to Thor. "See? Some of them have already shown up."
like what happened to you seventy years ago happens again, I will not rest until you're back where you belong — even if I have to storm the gates of Hell to get you back again."
(There was...a lot of pornography, as it turned out. And he hadn't even been looking for it! Honest!)
He made a face at her but said, "No, think about it. If it was just, oh, yeah, hi, I'm Tony Stark, and I'm a woman. One thing entirely. There's not one goddamned thing I can do as a man that I can't do as a woman. But this—" he motioned to his abdomen, "—complicates matters. Not because, oh, gross, Tony Stark's a man and he got knocked up — which is
He wasn't in the mood for apple juice, but he pulled it out and shook it up and downed half of it in one go anyway. He sat at a table on the other side of the room and shoveled the eggs into his mouth, the quiet weighing on his shoulders like something dark and oppressive, and he looked out the window and spotted the car still parked there. For only a brief moment, he thought Barnes had lulled Steve into a false sense of security and had instead led the stupid bastard to his death, but he was pretty sure if Barnes had intended to kill Steve, he would have come back and killed Tony, too.
"Like I said, Stark," Natasha said as she sat down next to him. "Something you kind of just know how to deal with."
Oh, god, did Tony know—? Had he been that obvious? He hadn't said anything he shouldn't have, had he? Told Tony how good he smelled? How swell he looked? That he loved him?
He blinked, tears filling his eyes, and he wasn't sure if it was from the pain in his hand or the emotional turmoil of the past two hours. Not that he'd ever admit that to anyone. He'd tried, he'd tried so hard, but Pepper wouldn't listen. Just kept saying she couldn't handle it any longer, she couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't keep picking up after him, cleaning up his messes, watching from the sidelines as he threw himself into the pit once again. He all but begged her to stay, and he told her he couldn't live without her — which he couldn't — but she just shook her head, tears streaming down her own face, and said she couldn't do this any longer. She could be his CEO, and she could be his friend, but she couldn't be his girlfriend.
Rhodey let out a breath, and he patted Tony's back some more and said, "Yeah, but so's he— And don't even give me any of that 'he's luckier' crap. You're both lucky, all right? You're both lucky you found each other. Sometimes I think you're the only two that could actually handle each other."
his type. You're like this perfect— When I saw that you and he were, you know, together, I thought, shit, that's — that exactly what he's been looking for. Son-of-a-bitch had to wait until he was in his nineties, but fuck, if he didn't finally find his match. And then the way he would talk about you, I thought, fuck, if this guy ever breaks his heart, I don't know what I'm gonna do. Because I actually like you. And I will…never be able to unsee what I saw."
She shrugged some herself. "No reason. Just… I thought Steve would want to have one picked out just in case. He's much more cautious about those sorts of things than you are."
Gone were obstructive walls — well, the walls that weren't needed for support, anyway. In their place was wide, open space and bright daylight streaming in from the flank of floor-to-ceiling windows around them. There was a drafting table and canvases and a stack of sketch books, tarps and paints and an easel set up in a corner. There were charcoals and pencils of an array of colors, the entire area looking like something out of any artist's dream.
s at him, but Tony just put his hands up to Steve's face and held him gently, brushing his thumbs against Steve's cheekbones.
That seemed to give Steve pause, his head tilted and his mouth dropped open the faintest bit as those words truly sunk into his brain.
Tony tipped his head back and Steve crushed his mouth against Tony's, hard and fast and taking what he could from him, Tony giving and taking in equal parts.
"Yeah," he said, and no, his voice totally didn't crack on that word, but if the Cap heard it, he ignored it.
"All right," he conceded, letting Tony win for the second time that morning, "then what do we do about it?"
"Honestly, I feel bloated and kind of achy and I've been having some pretty bad acid reflux lately, but other than that, yeah. I feel fine. Why?" And then it hit him what Steve had said before asking Tony if he was OK. "
Tony thought about this a moment then shook his head. "Yeah, not seeing it. Steve doesn't look at me any differently than he looks at anyone else."
back. Now all he needs is his Peggy Carter — oh, and maybe the Stark he actually liked. You know, my asshole father. Fuck," he said and laughed, "I'm like a universal replacement! Lost your best pal? Here, have a Tony Stark. Lost your girl? Here, have a Tony Stark. Lost your Howard Stark? Here, have a Tony Stark. Has more defects, and it's not as good as the 'Howard' model, but it should hold you over for a while."
He then turned his attention to the corner, where Olivia stood looking at the spilled pile of Christmas presents.
"No," Steve said immediately. "This doesn't go beyond the Avengers. We can't trust anyone beyond us."
Tony put a hand to his chest to quiet him. "No, Steve, I don't feel like she violated me. She was more concerned with getting her dress to look right than she was with trying to grab a feel of the girls."
Barnes just shook his head like he couldn't even imagine it and was very, very glad it wasn't happening to him.
"Exactly," Steve said. "This isn't well-worn territory. Would any surgeon know the first thing about…that? About removing that? About not doing anything to hurt you in the process? I'm not letting you die on an operating table."
Tony made a contemplative noise and twitched his mouth from side-to-side. "So, probably not the best time to tell you we have explored every square inch of each other's bodies and then some, huh?"
, and they always will be. They follow each bonded from lifetime to lifetime. Each lifetime affords the bondeds to grow and strengthen their bonds. It is… I suppose the term for it is that is it fated to always be."
"October 6, 1941," Barnes announced like this was an important and momentous date in history. He glanced to Wilson and added, "We both played hooky from work that day."
"NO! No, no, no, no, no, you've got it all wrong, the world needs Tony Stark or in replacement someone to stop the Stark weapon production and the Avengers need good technology to be prepared, but If I can stop myself from being in the equation from the Avengers then I can keep them from splitting keep them all there, any ideas" Tony tried to reason.
Bruce thought about it before finally speaking up. "It was an alternate universe....meaning we are from a split, at one point there was one change that lead to all these different changes, we just have to find out what that change was." Bruce tilted his head, "Meaning like Clint said having this...metal man changed our group to gain more people and then a war from all those people, and me being with Thor."
"Hello Pepper." Tony offered. Pepper snapped her head up at his machine, fuck! MS. POTTS. NOT PEPPER! The error scrolled across his vision. He was fucked!
"He's an AI, and honestly, I think he pretends to be more machine than human. He updates himself and decides which codes to keep and which ones to delete. So whatever Stane put in, I always assumed was deleted." She spoke softly, "When you say not acting right, what exactly has he done?" she asked softly.
"Okay kid, hurry up." Peter snapped on those makeshift ducktaped goggles to his face and smiled brightly.
"Stark men are made of iron." Steve whispered, and it felt as if all the air was sucked out with how silent it had gotten. Natasha looked up at Steve with those words. That had been Howard's favorite saying when something bad happened. Steve had heard him say it a couple times back in the war, everytime he was told something had gone wrong and Howard had just powered through, he would smile and say that phrase: Stark men are made of iron.
His eyes hurt...well no....he lost everything again. he felt so cut off from the world, drifting in the binary code of cyberspace, he...he wasn't anything anymore.
Here he was placed in the kid's breast pocket, which meant half of his vision was blurred by a blue flannel, and
He was standing, and already wasn't that a sight for sore eyes. He was talking to some new recruits at what was quite clearly an Air force base.
! That means! That Anthony stark! Is! Not! Dead!" Tony shouted pacing back and forth, whipping around to glare at the husk of a body next to him.
"I entered in the most pretentious would I could think of. And look at that...it worked!" Clint did jazz hands and uttered a small Hurray as Natasha took the laptop out of his lap and brought it over for Steve and her to look at. Clint mean while just getting up and muttering about more pizza.
Okay...Okay he could do this, he had his rumbas, they would be enough to protect him...who was he kidding he couldn't attack Steve or Pepper, even Natasha. None of them, he could never attack them.
"But I don't understand...If...if you're just a copy a downloaded conscious of that moment, that means....we...we aren't the same? Why? Why would Strange say we were the same?"
Tony's head lifted as something once again tugged at his skin pulling his head back....it...it didn't hurt. In fact....Tony couldn't
"Right, is everything okay Tony? Are you due for an update soon?" He asked looking a bit stiff. Coding scrolled down and one of the strings flashed red. He...did need an update.
"I resent that!" And there was Clint, making his life just the ever bit harder than it needed to be.
Rather than an answer Tony's eyes flickered and he was suddenly looking at records, oh Rhodey was still assigned to Stark Industries, and what's this? Stane Industries? He hadn't notices at first since it had always been written as SI but Stane had rebranded the company to his name, not surprising really. Tony scrolled through the records, oh? A record of termination? What? Why would they fire Rhodey?
Sam's eyes narrowed at that, "Oh right, cuz you did a great job at that." Bucky looked between the two and suddenly raised his arms before Steve could retort.
"What's happening?" She questioned softly, her eyes narrowing as Steve looked up discreetly, hoping she would understand, with a fraction of a raised eyebrow Steve knew she had.
When Tony slipped again he felt his whole world flip on itself. He knew he didn't want to be Tony Stark or Iron Man but something was softly tugging at his heart, something whispering in his soul, that being just an AI wasn't really what he wanted.
Tony's vision flickered again and he was now looking at Steve fast asleep in bed, bundled in numerous blankets and covers. The coding once again scrolled but Tony ignored it to just look at Steve for a second. He...he had did it, he had succeeded. Steve and them all were back. He felt something akin to warmth fill him up and the lights in the room seemed to brighten with the feeling.
And he got beaten down farther, lower than he had ever been before, And suddenly it had hit him, back in that cave.
? That was Tony Stark wasn't it? The black hole that took and took and took and anyone and anything that even got remotely close got sucked it, and destroyed. Tony worked so hard to fix, by why was it despite being an engineer, his hands only destroyed.
"Pepper...is that concern I hear in your voice?" Steve and Natasha both looked at each other as Pepper laughed.
With loud pop and the soft sizzle Tony could feel the hair on his arm rise as the electricity greeted Tony, freed from the restraints Dad was placing it in.
Tony rewrote another code and felt something stab his back and felt drained as if all his energy was taken out of him. His vision flickered to a crude replication of his old lab. There was DumE, Butterfingers, and You. And was that all other machines? They looked like rumbas on steroids. They all ran around one giant Machine that was like a Dome with what looked like a thousand- 997 his brain supplied- wires sticking out of it. '
"Steve. Help me pull out these wires." Bruce whispered shakily, Steve stepped up slowly plucking the wires from their original form, creaking in their first movement in decades. Slowly Steve began to tug and with a soft pop, the wires snapped away from the glowing circle in the man's chest.
"I can not....say..." there was...fear in Tony's words as Steve finally reached Tony's body and placed a hand on the cool metal.
There it is! More twists, but we are starting to get answers, the end is really soon now! Let me know what you think, and I'm sorry again for the wait, it seems my life has been impossibly busy. But every single one of you make it worth it, I love writing and hearing your thoughts, and I can't help but write more when you ask for more. So seriously thank you, thank you everyone for sticking with this story and me, and supporting this story for as long as it has taken.
Why was it so hard to just be happy? Why couldn't he just stop thinking about everything heart breaking for one moment. Tony guessed that was probably the down side to being an AI, never being able to shut off.
Steve nodded at that...the Hulk wasn't nearly delicate enough to rip a hole in the floor, and Steve did not want to risk hurting Tony again, which meant....Steve was going to have to do it...which also was slightly unnerving. The idea that Steve would have to break open the floor and potentially have to break something delicate again near Tony....Steve didn't want to risk it. He didn't want to risk hurting Tony again.
Tony could feel tugging on his hair. something pulling at his skin, why couldn't he open his eyes? Hadn't he hid? Didn't Jarvis
It was whispering at him to change the wires, he had to change the wires, and Tony alsays listened to electricity, it was his friend.
Omg! What's this! A new update within a week?? What a wild time! Anyways thank you everyone who commented and supported me! Last chapter was a lot of work to get out and again I'm sorry for the glitch error!
Steve needed her brains to make it all make sense. Which meant he would have to wait till tomorrow. He sighed as he looked up at the ceiling, he was in his room and sat at the edge of his bed, his knuckles slightly bruised from when he blew off some steam in the gym.
̶̡̧̢̢̨̢̻̗̳̥̗͍̱̲̜̲̟̪̞̲̣̜̻̮͉̣̦͖͑̃͗͘͜ ̷̢̛̛̻̳͉̤̲͈̰̲͉͈͕̫͐̀̒̈́̔̄͂̉͛̉̆̈́̀̈́́̉̚̕̕͝͝͠͠W̴̡͈̗̱̙̦̻͈̫̖͕͎̰͔̖͖͉͙̻̲͍̬͓̲͕̮̘̩̳̦̣̩̝͓͙͕͇̲̊́̄̀̆͆͆͂͆̇̍̈́̆̓̓̂̉̃̀̅͌̔̐̍͌̈̎̉̚͜͠͝Å̵͇͕͓̮̤̘̲̙̦̝̖̗͍̗͕͈̥̟͓͑̊̐̔̑̉̀̆̾̏̉̆̈́̀̀͗̃̆̒̽͒̂̈́̃̚̚͜͜͠͠ͅR̶̢̨͚̲͍̼̭͈̙̠̱̖͎̒͗̾͒̂̔̆̈͂̐̿͂̈̇̋̈́̉̇̚͝͠ͅŅ̴̢̧̧̖͈̗̞̰̗̤̟̮̰͉̗͙̮̼̪̼̘̱̲͇̠̜͚̤̫̫̘̖͉͙̃͘_̶̧͙͌͊̀̏̒̈́͛̕̕͝O̵̡̧̡̨̡̢̢̞̙̜̖̬͖̣̦̹̘͚̬͓̺͔͉̼͈̲̱͕͍̮͉̟̿͗̽̔̏̇͗̚͜͜Ṋ̵̡̨̨̛̦͎͈͓̤̱̜̫͓̰̳̬̭͇͙͍͔̪̭̝͎͐̽̔͗̉̈́͋̑̈́̿͛̈́͠(̸̡̢̜͇͉̪̼̖̹͓̙̮͈̮̖͙̦͙̻̯͈̩̟̫̹̻͑̈́̿̽̈́̉̉́̈̔̽̒͋̅̏̒̚͘͜͝͠ͅư̶̧̡̛̛̰͉̗̣͎͖̗̣̣͉̱̥̻̦̹̬̰̱̘̝̤̮̪̥̗̹͑͆͗̏̌͋͊̒̑̔̀̾̂̿͗̈́̐͐͆̀͑͛͆͌̀̾͑́͗̈̊̄̄̈̈́̚͝ͅͅn̸̢̨̧̠̲̹͖̥̻̤̺̝̠͍̥̭͈̯̲͇̜̪͔̮̳͕̫͈͈̻̣̘͉̪͕͎͜ͅͅͅr̴̢̛͍̰̪̗͖͚̯̦̭̤̍̈́̃͆͒̇̈́̾͐̔̆͑̍̅̈̂͂̈́̐̌̒̑͒͛̏̔̆̀̂̄͂̊̇̃͑̒͐ȩ̸̢̧̠̲̳͙̳͇̘̞̠͓̳̞̤̖͍͖̟͇̤̫̹̗̪̱̺̜̟̜̦͚͈̲͔͐̔͒́̌͝ģ̸̛̟͚̩̮̖̙̙͖͙͙̬͚͚́̔̉̎̋͆͜͠i̴̢̧̧̢̧̧̛̼̯͓̫̝͍̱̱̯̭͓̰͉̠͕̘̳̞͖̪͙̯̱̘̳̹͈͔̖̜̞̝̅̒̉̀͋̆͗̃͐̾̈́͒͊̋̃̒͋̕͠͝ş̷̢̨͈̞͔͙̮̞͎̺͉̩̣̳͓̲͉̞̤͓̩̼̼͕̗̰̟̮̞̰͖̮̙̌̒́̑͐̑͋̌̾͗͛̃̏̃͒̑̏͋̓́͌̈̊̓̾̅͋͊̆̃̇̇̓̐́͌͘̚̕͠͝͝ͅͅt̶͕̪͓̺̲̼͍̮̲̑̓̎̾̉̂̂̎̂̋́̈̌̍͗̆̈́͗̂͒͌̐̉̿̚͘͘̚̕͘͝e̴̢̜͍͆͐̐͌̍́̾̂̊̌̌̄͒͌͘̚̚͝r̸̡̨̡͇͚̫̥̥̟̱̮͇̗̦͕͍͚͔͑̿̈́̔͗̀̌̈́̽̓̆̽̔͋̅̓̌̕̚_̷̛̫̑͆̒͂̐͐̽̑̊̌͊͛̌̆̒̉̾̍̇̃̔͛͛̌̊̀̄̕̚͝͝͝͝͠ͅr̴̢̢̧̻̟̬̗͓̤̳̗̟͇̳͕̟̪̬͓͇̮͕̫̭͉̞̰̩̠̹̫̟̭̹͖̤͇͓̥̤͇͎̒̆̓͐̾͑͌̄͊͐͠͠ẹ̴̢̢̟̝͉̙̺̭̫̳̲̮̹̰̦̮͇̻̺̱͕̩̩͕̰̹̯̮͓̝͉̱͔͎̠̞͕̦̹̩̊̊͋̈́̉̋͒̊̋̒̎̋̊͐̉̊͂͂̊̈́̾̓̐̿̅͑̒͆̆̍̌͒̑̚͝ͅͅb̷̛̖̺̼̠̹͚͈̱̠̼͓͖̫̤̻̅̋̾̐͂͌̐̈́̍̍̍̎̑̋̔̕͝͠ǫ̴̢̢̛̛̤̫̟̤̹̯͖̩̬̺͎͈̳̠̝̫̝̭̮̥̻̮̗̟͎̙͈̼̼̯̦̑̒̊͌̈́͐̒̂̉̌̔̿̉̐͑͗̓͛͛̑͐̿̿̐͘͘͝o̷̢̧̢͇͖̝͙̣̯̣̱̩̮̤͖̺̗͕̩͔͔͈͈͈̝̞̗̞̲̟͓̥̟̹̯͎͇͍̫̟̎͛̃̓̃̾̌̓̆ͅt̴̡̨̨̢̖̩̙̘͍̥̱̮̭̯͈̫̪͙̞͎̣̯̺͔̬̝̼̻̯͎͉͚̯̲͙̭͉̰̫͕̾̀̎͐͋͐̉͌͑͊͘͜͝_̸̨̢̡͈̯̞͙̟͇͎̮̣̬̗̱̱͉͕͍̥͉̥̭̺͉̝͉͎͓̯̤͚͚͉̭̝͙̺̪̥͈̜̿͌̓̊̈́͑̈́̾͒͊̿͒̉̽̌̃̇͋̕̚͜ņ̷̢̨̟̪̲̞̥̘̠̳̣̣͚̭͚̪̣̞͚̦̬̞̿́̿̓̿͛̒̔͛͐́̌̉̑̈́̿̍͋̋̀͗͘͜͠͝͝ơ̵̢̡̢̫͖̝̘̫̟̖̻̝̣̺̺̹̹̖͉̩̰͎̻̙̘̰̘͎͆̈́̎̑͐̆̾̒̋̈́̓͊̊̅̀͑̿͂̈̐͒͌̇̏̓̌̓̈́͗͆̑̋̅̕̕̚͜͝͝ͅt̷̪̺͙̹͖̩̣̱̃̔̑̋͒̑͂̈̾͑̑͐͌̒̃̏̏͗̊̌́̉̄̊̒͛͜͝͠͝͝i̴̡̨̮̰̮̭̜̥͉̭̙̗̳̖̖̲̘̖̦̠͔̻̞̣̞̫͓͔̫͚̥̭͙͈̍̍̅̀̍̽̎̈́̔̅̈̂͊̈́͝f̷̧̨̨̘̞͔̖͇͕̖̝̩̫͈͎̯̲͙̘̻̭̮͓͕͔͕̣̤̥̫̰̳͍̜̣̙͍͕͙̆̔͊̎̎͆́͒͋͘̚͝ͅi̷̫̼̥͙̗̙̮͈̥̲̥̥̞̪̳͉͔͍̼̬̪͎̼̜͇͇̩̮̜̹͎͚͒̾̋͆e̸̡̧̢͎̥̥̺̯̗͉̙̣̙͎͚̳̹̳̥̗̠̞̰͍̠͖̮̥̖̼͖̼͊͋̈̈́̾̅͗͋̿̔̿͛̒͊͂̂̽͐̾͑̀̆̒̊̓̽̆̚̕͘̕ͅr̶̢̡̛̛͎͉̗̦͉̬̘͓̤̱̩̮̭͎͚̪̳̅̒̽̐̀̍̈́́̂͆͋̌͛͂̎͑̑̉̒̎̓͆̐͜͝(̸̧̨̛̟̤͉̤̺̥͇͓̱̟̘͔̖͓̼̫̳̝̹͕̓̋̆͂̌̽̔̄̎̏̐̀̊̓̐̓̈́̕͜͠͝*̷̢̨̨̫̭̘̗͉̳̟̞͚͉͚͈̘̦̩̜͈̪̺͇̥̥͍̭̝̞̩͙̞̳̏͜(̷̢̢̧̢͖̥̥̺̮̦͖͈̜͍̝̙̹̦̠̪̪͍̣̜̣̫̰̠͉̳͈̬̘͇̤͌͐̔̌̋͛̓̔̏͝͝s̶̫̞̫̫̙̩̒̋̅́͛̓̌͗̄̌͜͝t̸̤̣̔̌̑̾͆͒͑͑̎̉̽͐̉̀́̾̓̀̒͑͑̇̄̉͒̈̎̏͂̎̽͛͛̄́́̚͝͝͝͠r̸̡̨͚͔̲̫̘̥̭͔̟̙̘̪̦͉͚̜̣̯͍̱̥̪̼̥̲̦̥̣͓̻͍̰̬̲̣̹͉̱̅ͅͅu̵̢̧̺̲̟̪̙͚̘̫̯͔̰͖͙̻̻͍̠̣̩͎̤̬̟͕͙͚͚͈̞͓̱̼̹̩͒̌͗̆͜͜ͅç̷̝͔̦͔͉̰͖̪̮̝͕͖͎͓̮̘̗̌̇̑̍͑̚t̴̨̧̺̟̟͙͖͉̙̞̖͍͔̣̦̞̮̺̣̱͖̯̯̦̥͓̤͙̱̭͖͇͔̱̹̮̝̩̻́̂̽̋͌́̽͂̏̔̕̕͜ ̸̢͇͉̥͚̪̳̙̮͔̺̲̊̃̎͒͋̈́̔̿͆̔̔͠ͅn̷̛̮̙̤̝͗̂̎͆͆͌̑̓̾̑͊̈́̆̐͐̾́͐̋̔̿͑̐́̒͠͝͝ò̷̢̜́̇̀͆̋̔͗̐̐̍͋̊̔͛̔̓̉̉̄͐̏͝͝t̵̡͚̰͈̖͉̩̙̻͈͍̳̬̰͇̥̻̤̥̻̪̝͖̳̯͕̠͔̯̓̂̇̃͑̈̏̓͐ͅį̴̡̞̝͓̹̙͍̥͎̯̭̞̻̳̤͕̲͖̜̤̜̜͙͚̹͇͙͈͕̝̼͈̻̺͉̳̙̀͂͒̓̊̓̐̚͜͜͜͝ͅf̷̨̨͈͍̱̹̬͔̺̂̅͋̐̓̑̋͌͒̏̆̒̔͗̃̈́́̂͐̓̿͗͛̔̐̒̍̐̊͂̉̕̚͝͝͝͝͝͝į̷̨̢̡̛̛͈̝̥̜͙͓͈͕̮͙̻̼̙̝̪̮͕̰̯̥̫̱̗̳͓̯̼͈̱͎̮̜̙͓̂͐̍͌̉̏͌̄̍͑̋͆̋̏̌̾̾͌̍̉͋͑͌̈̃͊̃̑́̊̐̉̄̉͌͒̀͑͊͘͜͝ͅͅę̷̨͕͈͇̙̭̤͔̥͇͇̲͙͇̼̭̗̤͇̘̭̲̣̭̥͚́́̾͗̌͊̂́͊̀́̄͑́͂̌̋͗͑̐̅̈̑̈́̀͘̚͘͜͜͝͠ͅr̴̺̩̠͙͔͔͎̤̮̟̪̈͗̍̆_̴̧̳̣͓͍̹͖͔́͗͗̉͒̏̇̍̐͐͗͐̂̈́͗̄̿̔̈̑͘̚͠͝b̸̡͚̱̺̳͙̖̥̙̙̣̊̄̒͗̅̉̏͐̑̅͂͋̑͂̒̂͋͒̚ͅl̶̤̙͈̗̝̟͙͓̀̊͆̍̇́̾́̊̔̑̽̇̀͌̈͋̈͑̄̋͋́̒̈́̂͋͛̋͐̒͑͊͘̕̕͝͝ò̷̼͎̫̰͋̇̆̇̎̐͂̍̈́c̵̛̩̻̼̑̌͑͛͗̐͋͆̍̇̏̾͊͐̀͂̇̉̓̌̐̃̽͗̑̇̇͋̇̓̈́̕̚͠ͅk̸̡͍̹̤̬͉̥̬̮̺̳͉̮͖̯̥̤̊̽̅̈͂͐̽̏͑̂̂͌̽̈̀̾͘͜͜ͅ ̵̨̨̻͓̼̭̘̻͉̙̰̼̮̮̝̯̘̫̫̯̣͍̬̪̳̲̱̗̱̓͛͝*̶̢̡̛͉͉̺̲̭̦̙͈̯̜̻̥̭̫̰̺̤̘͉̱̼̯̖͓̝͊̈́̈͐̇̔̑͐̅̀̋̂̐̍͛̆͘̕͜͝͝͝ͅ*̴̝̩̻͚̺̘̫̍̀̉̎̍͑̽̀͗̋͒͝)̷̢̛̳̫͍̬̟͚̖̳̝̥̺̜͇̫̖̝̼̺͕̙͕̗̭̮̲͙͇̼̮͔̞̎̄̾̉͆͗͆̽̾͛́̎͆̊̋̒͋̆̊̈́̂̔͘͜͝ͅŗ̷̧͈̼̰͕̭̼̩͓̰̻̮͖̹̰͍̹͉̳̖̹͚̤̲̗͛̒̂̈̎͌͗̓̐̓͋̿͛͐̒̐̃͐̒̆̌͌̃̑͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅẻ̴̡̢̨̡̢͎͓̖̼̻̘̼̯̲̬̩̱̮̻̮̻̩̼͕͔͇̪̼͍̜̤̦͖̰̐̐̆̒̎̐̂̎͜͜͝ͅͅͅś̸̡͙̯̖̜̭̝̝̥̖̟̖̼̙̥̖͓̦̪̣̆͊̐̅̒̊̓̊ͅͅ)̵̬̰̪̔͂̐͆͒̃̒͗̏̚)̴̨̢̡̧͕̖̹̜̞̺̭̰̻͕̬͉͇͓̪̮̒̅̎̌̈̃̋͗̑̓͘͝͝;̷̧̡̢̛̛̛̤͈͍̖̣̜̬̥̟͙͙͖̓̇̃̈̋̋͌̿̂̎̓͋̉̓̑̈́̈́̋̎̍͋̍̓͌̽̇̌̌̀̒͂̒̽̒͋͑̿͆̚͜ͅ
Tony's head snapped up to the Ai in front of him....that was easier said than done...but...Tony realized maybe...maybe he could do it for once....maybe this wasnt all his fault...
"Tell me Howard's biggest secret!" He grunted out, Tony knew he could deny the request, the hacking was taking away his laws? or blurring them. It was making it hard to remember them. It was strange, it was like watching a video but also a flashback as well.
It was kind of nice to see him rest, and despite it not looking terribly peaceful, he was getting much needed sleep.
Which meant he would have that god awful suit, Tony was going to have to reach out to the kid sooner or later. It was too dangerous to leave Peter by himself.
Tony finally with quivering hands managed to pluck out one of the wires, and he could hear a pop and suddenly his left eye went dark....what...Something was wrong, something was wrong,
That's great too. He'd worry about that lie later. SINCE HE HAD OTHER THINGS TO DO. Wait a minute...he didn't need to stick around here. Flickering back to the archives he started to scan for irregular videos. Such a video should be marked.
Tony could feel those chains wrap around him the minute he said "I am Iron Man." No longer was he a hero of gold and red trying to protect the world from mass weapons, but a man who was trying to right his wrong.
Everything felt to new, to strong, to intense. Tony couldn't move but he tried his best to look down the hall. His vision fluttered and flickered for a second. And suddenly he was in the hall, still in a high position looking down on the floor. But how had he gotten here, he hadn't walked. He was just...here. Before Tony could really think about it something was poking in the back of his mind. His vision flickered again and suddenly he was looking over someone's bed. Clint. It was Clint. Tony wanted to laugh but he found he couldn't for some reason.
"No" Damn he couldn't fight this. He could see Steve and Natasha stiffen but the monitor of their heart rate was gone, he only had one job and that was answering Pepper.
The white turned to red, Bruce feeling himself vibrate, feeling the strings of his muscles tighten, his tendons going taught, the Other Guy scrabbling his way out, clawing his way through Bruce's consciousness. Bruce threw his head back and let out a primal roar.
“I think I know what’s going on here,” he shouted over the music before leaving the room to go and find his absent teammate.
Steve tucked him in and paused at the door to look back at the now asleep man as he walked out of the room. He didn't sleep that night.
" He rubbed his hand over Tony's and gave it a squeeze. "You're amazing for doing this. I know I haven't really said it before, but you're amazing, and I just…"
didn't tell her anything." He motioned over to the kid. "That little blabbermouth called her 'Aunt Pepper.'" He hunched back down, shoulders slumped, defeated even after his self-assured outburst. "Look, whatever, it is what it is. Pep and I were never going to work out—"
"They thought they were hot shit during the war, too," Steve explained to Thor and Tony. "Cocky, overpaid SOBs."
Rhodey put a hand out to silence them like this was his final word on the matter. "Look, I'm very happy for you. I think you're good for each other, and I think you make each other really happy. I think Steve's the best thing that's ever happened to you, and I think you're crazy lucky to have found each other. But I do
Both Tony and Natasha turned to Barton, who was busy staring at Tony's breasts. Tony glanced down and saw his nipples were erect, poking against the thin fabric of the shirt.
"You're a fucking billionaire," Barton muttered and dug into his cereal, but Tony just glared and bit into his bagel, ignoring the slight look of unease that had crossed Thor's face.
"What decision?" Steve asked, sidling up to them. He slipped an arm around Tony's waist and pulled him close and kissed his temple.
. The little siphon on Tony's wealth and health wasn't even born yet, and Steve was thinking about his fucking legacy.
Barnes snorted a laugh as well and said, "We could teach him a lesson? Make him think we're plotting to run away together?"
" he said, his voice breathy and possessive, his mouth hot and wet as he suckled at the flesh just beneath the hinge of Tony's jaw. "Anthony Edward or Antonia Natasha. Always mine."
want to know this time? And would she remember that Tony had never given her an answer on the orgasm question?
of you to familiarize yourselves with this. I'll leave the paperwork you need for the tests and the ultrasound with Serena, too."
Tony watched as he nodded and said, "Uh huh," his face going from concern to eye-rolling annoyance. "Seriously?" he asked and pinched the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. "I thought this was important…I mean
Tony cradled Olivia closer to him, some irrational fear creeping up his spine that she was here to take the baby away from him — that through it all this had been all some kind of plot to engineer a super soldier — but he swallowed and squared his shoulders and said, "Uh, aren't you supposed to be dead?" with all the courage and nerve he lacked deep down.
The guy scoffed a bit. "Yeah? Dressed like this?" he said and took a noticeable glance down at Tony's cleavage, rubbing his hands against the tightly-clad denim of his hips. "No one would believe you weren't asking for it."
in real life. Other times, I feel like a fucking sex goddess of fertility, like I do now. I never really know how I'm going to feel one moment to the next, but the one thing I can totally count on through all of this is
Steve chuckled a little and rubbed his belly some more once the movements had subsided again. Tony squeezed his legs together a little to try and stop that twinge of intrigue that was going on down there because there was no way Steve was going to follow through on it and Tony wasn't in the mood to finish it off himself.
"Any chance those bums had of winning the series. I, of course, took it in stride." He motioned over to Steve with his beer bottle. "Stevie, on the other hand, I think cursed out every single player
"Are we talking about this idea that she thinks Steve might be a little too dependent on me?" he asked and grabbed a glass from the cupboard.
Tony inhaled and exhaled a breath through his nose as he watched the Cap tear at some paper napkins, slowly and methodically and in even pieces. There was something dark about that action, something that spoke to Tony about anger and control issues, and could he blame the guy? His entire life had been taken away from him, and he'd been forced into this other life he'd never asked for.
"I know," he grumbled and slouched a little bit, wincing as he shifted the wrong way. Steve caught this — of course he did — frowning at Tony before he asked, "Are you OK?"
Steve smiled a little, like Tony had caught him, and he ducked his head and blew out another breath and said, "
Steve broke the kiss with a soft peck of parting and stood away, and he went over to the bed and grabbed the box with his wingtips, taking the top off and frowning at what he found there.
Steve tweaked another smile at him before he turned and strolled out of the kitchen, baby still cradled against his broad chest, and Tony sighed and turned to take in the sight of pancake flour that coated the counter and the cabinets —
He slid off Steve's waist and onto the mattress beside him. Steve's eyes shot open wide at the loss of contact, and he looked beside him to see Tony laying there, propped up on an elbow, shit- eating grin on his face, cock standing red and proud with a little bead of precome at the tip. Just that sight, just the sight of
She shook her head, again in that vigorous way that kids did. "No. Sometimes he does, and Papa says, 'If you die out there this time, I'll kill you.'" She made a disgusted face. "And then they
He supposed she got that from whoever the mother happened to be. A surrogate, most likely, though why he or Cap — Jesus Christ, how in the hell did that
Steve chuckled and said, "OK," before leaning in and capturing Tony's lips with his own. Somebody caught them, as he heard somebody say in the periphery, "Hey, you're not supposed to do that unless we do this—" and then there was the sound of flatware tapping against glass, which grew louder and shriller as more glasses were added to the cacophony of sound.
They were in each other's arms, tight, passionate, mouths met in a fierce kiss that might well have been obscene to an outside observer, tongue and teeth and saliva and grunts as they pulled closer, tasted each other, needed to be one with each other again. He felt Tony go lax in his arms — he always loved that moment that Tony gave himself over to him and allowed him to be the stronger of the two — but just as he'd relaxed into it, just as he'd begun to forget that anything beyond they two existed in the world, Tony wrenched back violently, pushing his hands against Steve's chest and shoving him away as he muttered, "No," over and over again.
Tony shrugged and took another spoonful of gelato. "Well, it's a good thing Captain Boy Scout was with me, then."
even possible? How could they both have stumbled into alternate universe versions of themselves — and presumably from the same universe?
But Steve just seethed a little more before he stormed up the ramp and into the jet, and Tony and Barton followed after. Steve, helmet in his grasp, whipped it at the side of the jet, making Barton and Tony both jump a little, and it even caught Thor and Wilson by surprise, who were standing up by the pilot's seat. Wilson looked to Barton for explanation, but Barton just put a hand up and shook his head a little bit as though to say
"It's still something to think about," Steve said, his eyes never leaving the page as he read over something. "Are we going for meaning or what we like?"
God, that should not have thrilled him as much as it did, that should not have delighted him in any way, that should not have made his walls ache with the want to be abused just one more time that night. It was possessive and domineering, and he'd bet that Steve probably didn't even remember saying it, but Tony did, and Tony…
Jim shook his head like he couldn't believe how easily Steve was digging his own grave. "Steve, man, just go in the kitchen—" he pointed to the room in question, "—save yourself now. Totally sounds like you're pulling that bullshit."
Tony groaned and ran his hands down his face, and he picked his head up and said, "This doesn't make any sense. Where the fuck did she even come from? How the fuck did she even get here?
With nothing to do until the results came through, they assumed the positions that they had taken so many times in the past with Tony at his computer working on projects for the team —
He'd had to borrow one of Natasha's the last time, but his figure was a little broader than hers, and he'd ended up stretching the band far beyond what Natasha could use when he gave it back. Pepper was a bit closer to his build, but beyond the fact that he wasn't keen on asking his ex-girlfriend for one of her bras, she had been on the other side of the country at the time and, to this day, didn't know that had even happened to him.
He stopped talking and shrugged a little, slightly abashed and maybe even a little insecure, and he wouldn't meet Tony's eyes after that, preferring instead to stare at the arm that rested on his shoulder.
The room went oddly silent at that, and Barton stared at them a moment before he said, "Oh, fuck it. I'm joining the Justice League."
Steve held his resolute gaze at that, their eyes doing a dance for just a moment before Steve set his jaw a little and said, “I guess we’ll have to change that.”
Tony was looking down at a large textbook in front of him...it was calculus and the words on the page were swirling too much. Tony hated it, it gave him a headache and father was always angry when he didnt complete his daily mathematics.
He could hear soft sniffles and he remembered hearing Peter's voice screeching out for him when Cap slammed his
"Calm yourself, Director Pirate, I hacked into Shield." Everyone froze, even Director Fury seemed a bit frightened, why were the- OW! Fuck what was that? Tony could feel electric shocks running through his brain as error after error flooded his vision.
He could see those eyes, and suddenly everything was shockingly clear... like a jolt, Tony was jump-started back into clarity..
Which reminded him...there was no way Howard had made them, those were his robots his children. Unless seven year old him was a fucking robotics genius (more than he was) there was no way these robots should exist. He needed to do that recall thing, like he did with Pepper.
"Here! And could we please move this along, walk and talk, multitask here, we are on a time limit!" Tony called out, trying to get the two teens back on track at hand.
But Aunt Peggy was still mad about it, and when she yelled at Dad...it didnt end well...Tony hadn't seen Aunt Peggy in a while...Dad said she wasnt allowed to visit anymore.
"I can extract the universes from each other, if you so desire." He could go back...back to...what? Iron man? The  one who caused Ultron and lead to the Civil War, the one who couldn't save his best friend. Or....Tony Stark, The merchant of death.
Tony froze at that...Howard had made it so he could continue on without Howard. Tony remembered the coding screen he had fixed...Howard had helped him? Who knew all it took for Howard to love him was his death. Tony could feel that sinking cold again.
"I remember seeing him...I shot at him." Bucky took a soft broken sigh and breathed, "He blocked it with his hand, I didn't have control over myself, but I could see his eyes...his eyes, I...." Bucky shook his head and crumbled in on himself, Steve couldn't imagine, he had seen the eyes as well, something so deep and irreversibly broken inside those eyes.
"Right now I'm only connected to your phone, my main body was quite literally smashed to bits, but since I'm down that means the Avengers are trapped, you get me? They are sitting ducks, and if everything goes to shit outside, they can't get out." Tony explained to Peter who did look quite mortified at this statement.
He closed up the flaps and set that aside then picked up the last photo, also in a folder but a little larger than the previous one had been. He unfolded the flaps, this one a little more worn and frayed at the edges, gasping a little at the obvious resemblance he saw staring back at him.
It was funny how his opinion of someone could change so drastically and so quickly. Not that he'd ever actually
Tony was sitting in Bruce's lab, arms folded and foot tapping against the floor, as Bruce shuffled in the following morning, still in what looked like pajamas, hair mussed, and face scruffy with five o'clock shadow. He yawned a little and scratched at his chest as he spied Tony sitting beside the table, and he shuffled over, slowly, like a fucking turtle in a race against a hare, and said, "You know, we really didn't have to do it
, JARVIS!” he said as Steve sighed and pulled his hand out of his pants but didn’t let go of Tony’s chin.
"'bout damned time," he muttered and hopped onto the table. "Uh, you know how to read one of those things, don't you?"
"There's no reasoning with him," Tony said, and the others voiced their agreement. He exhaled a breath and added, "I don't know about you kids, but I'm starving. Takeout from Szechuan Palace?"
gelato but I'm not seeing any that say 'open 24-hours.' You know, back in my day, they had all-night drugstores—"
The man continued to stare at the thing in his hand. "Or you're not even bothering to pay attention to me because you're more excited about today than the spoiled brat across the hall." He pushed something on the side of the rectangle, and the light went out. He hummed a bit and said, "The things I do for you," then leaned in and pressed a quick, chaste kiss against Steve's slightly-opened mouth. "Yeah, we should probably brush our teeth before we go beyond that."
Barnes stared down at her, awed, humbled, maybe even a little proud. He met her eyes and said, "So, you're Steve's kid, huh? Yeah, you look it. Got that same stubborn look on your face." He sighed heavily. "I'm gonna have to pull your ass out of the fire, too, won't I?"
Tony nodded and finished cleaning up the sheet and set it back down again. "Ah, I can see the headlines now. Captain America: Deadbeat Dad."
But Rhodey just shook his head a little and said, "But it looks so familiar…" before he shrugged and headed out to the store for Olivia's juice.
Natasha just went back to massaging him. "Are there any other ways for you to relax? What did Bruce or the doctor suggest? Or what about that class you and Steve took?"
But Tony ignored whatever was going on there, and he exhaled a breezy breath and said, "Crazy sorceress from the cosmos. Thinks Steve and I are 'soul mates'—" he used finger quotes on the expression, "—and claims that 'soul mates' have some innate urge to be fruitful and multiply. But because Steve and I are two men, she decided to help us with our 'problem,' as she saw it, and—"
OK, so alternate universe Romanoff was married, and evidently to someone named 'Bucky,' whoever that was. The only 'Bucky' that came to mind was the Cap's old pal from the war, but unless that Bucky somehow either survived the fall from the train or didn't even fall off the train to begin with, that was next to impossible.
Steve's thoughts were racing as he sped towards New York. It had taken him a couple of days to recover from his injuries and get his head in shape, but as soon as he was discharged from hospital he knew he had to get to Stark tower. He had to see Tony, make sure he was alive, and make sure he had at least eaten since the SHIELD and Hydra documents went online. He wasn't sure what state he would find his friend in. Natasha was due to appear at an extremely important hearing soon, Steve was lucky in that she'd already got to Clint. Thor was off world for something or other and wasn't contactable, and Bruce... well Bruce they'd need to tackle as a team. Natasha left Tony to him, on Steve's request, for which he was grateful. He needed to know he was ok.
“I need you to summon the rest of the Avengers. We’ll meet in my studio. Have the footage ready, along with the details of the thing that did this to Tony. I’ll meet them there in five minutes and they better all be there by the time I arrive.”
After a while of just holding him, Steve felt Tony’s breath start to become more even and regular. Eventually he thought Tony had fallen back to sleep and went to move. A quiet voice floated to his ears.
After a particularly tiring and disgusting encounter with some kind of self-replicating slime creature, the team had been shuffled through into a press conference room and into their seats. They still dripped ooze from some places, Clint wiped some off his shoulder and onto the table cover by his microphone, the stuff was obscenely sticky and seemed to be attracted to skin. The whole team was in a foul mood, facing potentially hours of scalding decontam showers at SHIELD.
Tony continued to trudge along the road, his only change of salvation, even through the torrential downpour of the mid-afternoon. He was so used to be wet all the time he barely registered it, though the beating of the raindrops was much more intense without the shelter of the trees. The rain roared as it turned the surface of the road slick, and he had to be careful not to slip in the mud. Absorbed in his thoughts he didn't notice the change in cadence of the roaring until it became too loud for him to ignore. He started and looked behind him wildly. He could see the figure of a truck coming up behind him. He froze for a moment in relief before shaking his head and starting to wave his arms and shout. He ran into the middle of the road continuing to make as much noise as he could while jumping up and down, waving his arms. As the truck reached him it slowed, but it didn't stop. He moved from the middle of the road to avoid being run over. The truck rolled up to him but still wasn't stopping. He saw the driver looked suspiciously out of the window at him. He realised he was in the depths of the jungle and he probably looked like a crazy possible murderer. He tried to figure out how to make it obvious he wasn't a threat, before suddenly having a realisation and pulling the tied-on goggles away from his arc reactor. It took a moment, but he saw the driver's eyes widen in recognition. The truck stopped and he ran around to the other side, trying not to slip in the mud and pulled himself into the cab of the truck, pulling the door closed behind him.
Goddamn, he was just waiting for Steve to learn about 'selfies' now. Fuck, who would be the first to teach him about that? Barton or Wilson?
to explain the way he saw it. It had actually taken Steve a long time to understand what Rhodey had said to him — it wasn't that Steve was the
Steve just continued to stare at him, glaring at him, like he was trying to determine the validity and truthfulness of Barton's words, and Tony stared at him a moment and said, "Is
"Look, babe? It's OK. You can stare at me as much and as long as you want. I mean, I can't really blame you for it."
Steve, still sitting with arms folded, scuffed a booted foot against the floor and glanced over to him. "Thought it was because the license was only good for sixty days, and you said it would take longer than sixty days to plan the wedding bash you'd always dreamed of."
He shook his head and turned away from the mirror. He grabbed his pajamas and slid into them, leaving the bra on because he was finding it more comfortable to sleep with it on than not. He looked down at Steve's barren side of the bed, one that would remain empty until sometime tomorrow, and he burrowed into his side of the bed. JARVIS put down the lights as he settled into the pillows, and without thinking, he reached down and began to stroke his abdomen once again, gently, protectively, and it wasn't until he had been lying there staring off into the darkness for a few minutes that he even realized what he was doing. He glanced down at the small swell hidden by the blankets and said, "You are nothing but trouble."
Not wanting to risk another breach of the Tower's security, Tony faced the facts: they'd have to release a photo. Steve could not have looked any less enthused about this fact if he tried, but Tony just tried to reason with him by saying, "Honey, it's either this or they search us out and do everything they can to sneak in and get their million-dollar photograph."
They went down to the garage to grab the Audi, and Steve, ever the gentleman, helped him into the passenger seat — Tony putting up only a token attempt to get behind the wheel — and he sat and fumbled with his seatbelt as Steve closed the door then went around to the driver's side.
Barnes scratched the side of his neck. "Hey, the pothead's up there. He's kinda level-headed, right?"
Would anyone ever believe the truth? Would anyone ever believe the reality of the situation? That Tony Stark had gotten turned into a woman and gotten knocked up by Steve Rogers because they were both idiots and neither one had given any consideration to using a fucking condom?
Tony continued to stare at him, and Barnes shrugged and said, "They may call it the 'miracle of life,' but it's kind of gross just from a spectator perspective. And…they really are kind of ugly when they first come out. Sorry."
"I knew him a long time ago," he said, casual, not letting himself harken back to any of those memories of long ago. And before Steve could ask any more that might threaten to send Tony down a memory lane he
Tony glanced up in time to see Barnes smirk and shake his head, and he looked at Steve and said with a bit of an awed smile on his face, "Helluva group you got yourself involved with here, pal."
There was another crash, then a thump, then the sounds of something dragging, and DUM-E beeped in delight as he produced his bouncy ball, and he zoomed back over to Steve with it and dropped it in Steve's outstretched hands, and Steve smiled faintly at him and said, "I think that's enough excitement for the time being, don't you?"
Barnes looked him over like he was actually considering this while Natasha smiled at him and said, "You look good."
are learning all the wrong behaviors. I'd blame Barton, but worming your way around asshole technicalities is totally a Steve-thing."
just nodded. "Wouldn't have asked you if I didn't want you to. You said we're friends, right? In this alternate universe, anyway?"
The fry did taste good, and he was pretty hungry, but knowing the mess he'd just caused — again — didn't sit well with him, and it was hard to eat when all he could think about was how he'd fucked up and how everyone now
Because while Steve might not have been in love with Barnes like that, and while Barnes evidently didn't go for men like that, Barnes was still part of that life that had been forcibly ripped from him all those years ago, and Tony couldn't fathom in any way how this life that Steve led now could compare to that other life, his real life, the one he truly belonged to.
He frowned as he thought about the fact that Steve would never suck his cock again. Steve didn't really bottom, but he was very enthusiastic about sucking brain, and Tony had always loved the way Steve would suck him and tease him and play with him, somehow knowing exactly how to drive Tony mad with lust and pleasure. Yeah, sure, Steve approached eating him out with the same enthusiasm as he did sucking him off, and Steve was fucking
happy, I guess. I know you can fight your own battles. Tony. Natasha. It's all the same to me. I just want to make sure this is what you want and you're doing it for the right reasons."
to fight me the way you do. Because it makes me a better person. It makes me a better leader. Because…it's not that I believe my own hype, it's just sometimes I get a little…sure…of myself, and it's hard to admit that I'm not as
Tony frowned. "Yeah huh," he said and, using the pointier side of the tenderizer, slammed the tool against the board, scattering coffee beans all over the counter. "
He told JARVIS to tell Steve to go fuck himself every time he did. He didn't know that JARVIS actually did — actually, he very much doubted he did — but at least he'd given the order for him to.
that." He motioned to the book. "Pick one out of there. We probably won't even have to use it, but just in case."
Hill took the tablet back, and Tony said, "I guess I could call a press conference. Tell the world 'Natasha Carbonell' is really Tony Stark."
Steve shook his head again. "No, it's— We're not married yet. It's— You don't eat wedding cake before you get married. It's— It's not right."
. He could only think that any daughter he might have would be a pale imitation of that bundle of fury, one that could never live up to the memory of a daughter that was never truly
"Can you tell what it is?" Tony asked. Not that he wanted to know necessarily — he didn't — but he was curious if Bruce or the doctor could tell.
He finished in the shower about ten minutes later, and he dressed and pulled his hair up into a ponytail, and rather than go back out into the living room and listen to Steve and Barnes — OK, probably just Steve — recall happier times before the war, he curled back into the bed and lay down on his side, tucking the pillow between his legs as the baby suddenly decided it was time for his afternoon workout.
"They didn't try to get you to talk to anyone? Like a psychologist or something?" Tony asked as he continued eating. Hey, he was hungry, and the food was good.
Tony stopped in his tracks and turned to look right at the reporter, meeting her gaze from behind his rose-tinted glasses. He pulled off his sunglasses, arched an eyebrow, and looked dead straight at her as he said, "So what if I was?"
" he shouted over to where Bruce was in the middle of discussing something with Barton. Bruce jumped at the shout then looked over at Tony as though to ask a confused, '
The man laughed. "Nothing, I'm just messing with you." He grinned and took Olivia's mitten-covered little hand between his thumb and index finger. "Hey, there, cutie! Don't you look adorable?"
Instead, he opened up a new file and began a new armor project and told himself the last two days had never happened.
"Uh…" He grimaced and swallowed. "He— He asked when I was done with work. I said 'midnight.' He said 'I see,' and then he turned and left."
of what he'd done, but at least it had been by his choice, and at least he'd had a dick at the time.
“What?” Stark asked, bored, as he pulled away from the car and wiped his grease-stained hands on a dirty rag.
He adjusted the sheet a little, and Tony bit his lip as he realized Bruce was pulling it open a bit more, leaving him slightly exposed. He'd had exams done before for this stupid thing, but the only other person in the room had been Steve, who was…pretty intimately familiar with that part of his changed anatomy. Steve he was OK with seeing that. The others currently in the room with him? He was not.
"When Steve gets back, you're going to tell him, and you two are going to figure out how you're going to go about this, understand?" She shot a look at Bruce. "Though if you scare him as much as you've scared Tony, I think I can guess what he'll say."
Bruce set it down, and he sat down in the adjacent chair quietly and just watched as Tony finished re-bandaging his hand, and as Tony got back to his workstation and began the setup for the DNA scan, Bruce said, "What about an alternate universe?"
"I'll forgive you this one time," he said, but it was light and teasing, and though his mouth was set in a pout, his eyes twinkled with mischief and delight, and Steve thought for probably not the first time that day that Tony really did have beautiful eyes — maybe the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen. He didn't even realize he'd been staring at them for as long as he had until Tony said, "See something you like?"
He didn't have to see Steve to know he was glaring at Barton for that. The way Barton oh-so-subtly shrunk away was all the confirmation he needed. Plus, he knew Steve, and he knew Steve's MO.
"What? I'm just trying to explain why we didn't have any condoms on us and didn't even think of using them."
"They took advantage of a desperate situation," she said and cooed at the baby once more before she closed the small distance between her and Tony. "You want to hold her?"
Tony scowled at this, but Steve asked, "Do you think there's more that she wants?" as he took several slices of overcooked bacon off the pan. He set them on a paper-towel-covered plate and set the plate on the tabletop. Thor gladly snatched up several slices.
"Whoa! Hey!" Tony said and let go of his wrist to put both hands on his shoulders. "I didn't say I didn't. I just said we haven't, you know, done anything like that since I got Rule 63'd. Is that… I mean, is that something you'd…
Tony hedged for a brief moment, a slightly scared and selfish part of him not caring in the least about what Hydra was up to and wanting Steve to stay right at his side from that exact moment until well after this was all over and done with. The hell with the rest of the world.
"No, but a slip of paper on the fridge meant for the assholes that eat us out of house and home is good enough for me. Besides, Barton thinks it's a girl? It's a boy."
He tapped the pen against his chin again then wrote '2 years.' It was technically closer to a year- and-a-half, but whatever. He rounded up.
Maybe even his Cap wasn't the giant, sanctimonious ass he'd taken him to be. "Yeah," he said, "we are."
Tony whistled and shook his head. "Bobbi. Now, there's a name I haven't heard in forever," he mused to himself before he said to Steve, "Clint seems more like the type to go after scary goth-chicks-turned-sexy-redheads."
He adjusted Tony's position a little, spreading his legs just a little bit wider, pulling him back to better position him to be able to take him. He pushed the hem of the negligée up over the curve of his ass, and Tony felt Steve push into him. Tony moaned and grunted with it, grasping hard to the headboard, and Steve worked his rhythm a few times before his hands moved back to the swell of Tony's abdomen.
Steve shrugged and sat down in the chair opposite him. "Got hungry," he said and grabbed one of the burgers that remained. He handed Tony his shake and his soda, and Tony stuck a straw in each and went to sip the soda—
He sighed and surveyed the shelves to look for anything he could use to cut the flavor of the muesli. Orange juice. Of course, there was orange juice. He grimaced and reached out to grab the container, but he hesitated at the last second. Was it new? When was the last time Steve had been in the fridge? Had he had a chance to backwash into it yet? He whined a little and was just about to debase himself to using the orange juice when the bottles of expressed breast milk caught his eye. Hand poised to reach for the orange juice, he stared at the bottles of his own breast milk and wondered how kosher it would be to use that. Granted, Olivia didn't turn her nose up at it, but Olivia didn't have much of a choice, and it wasn't like he'd hadn't tasted his own milk before. He hadn't made a
“I'm re-running an analysis of the traces left in the lab,” Natasha said, concentrating on the complex system on the screen.
Tony's arm stopped halfway to his mouth as his eyes began to water. He stood up and turned away from Steve.
Steve looked the most nervous Bruce had ever seen him, it was almost adorable. He was standing straight in his 1940s dress uniform which really did things for his figure. Bruce couldn't wait to see Tony's reaction. Steve turned to him.
The alert rang through the tower, Avengers Assemble. The team scrambled for their kit, picking up shields, holstering guns, shoving in earpieces. As they ran into the Quinjet Cap started his customary team check.
Steve trudged into the kitchen, sweatpants tied roughly at his hips, dressing gown lying open. He pulled open the fridge door, pulled out a jug of orange juice and drained most of it standing in the cold that soothed his aching head. He leaned his head against the pillar of the fridge for a moment to let his roiling stomach settle before noticing the noises of breakfast in the background. He closed the door to the fridge, finished the jug of juice and threw it into the trash before turning around. Bruce was standing at the stove, frying something. Clint and Natasha were sitting at the breakfast table eating cereal and reading the newspaper. Thor was sitting back in a chair, legs propped up on the corner of the table, noisily eating toast and marmalade.
Steve paused, removing his hand from Tony's forehead. “Well, if you ever need to talk I'll always listen,” he said.
The de-brief was even more torturous that normal. Tony had to justify his actions over and over to not only the rest of team but to Fury and SHIELD in general, clearly they all shared the opinion that he wasn’t ready to be back in the field. At least during the interrogation it gave him something to think about, once they moved on to discuss the rest of the fight he found he couldn’t keep his mind off Steve. Those hands, that
As soon as credits rolled all of the other Avengers seemed to have sudden excuses to leave straight away. They were tired, or had something important to work on, leaving Tony and Steve the last to filter out of the room. As they stood outside the door, readying themselves to walk to their rooms, they faced each other. They held eye contact for a few seconds longer than comfortable, and moved their heads together slightly, before Steve pulled back and sighed.
All of the Avengers knew that Bruce had deliberately avoided the implication that Tony may not have landed on a continent at all. Or possibly not even the planet.
Tony snapped out of the shock and turned to take in his surroundings. The air was murky, hot and humid, the ground was soft and leaf strewn. Around him were some spindly leafy trees, but what really struck him was how bare of vegetation the area was, instead most of the space was taken up by the trunks and buttresses of huge trees. He slowly followed one of these trunks up to see the canopy far above him, some small beams of sunlight managing to get through the dense foliage and vines. The trees and canopy were alive with sound.
As Steve left the lab he tried to pinpoint when he'd discovered he'd begun to see Tony as more than just a friend, but he couldn't. It had been more of a slow building discovery that dawned on him over the course of a couple of weeks. Regardless of when, he knew there was no way the older man was going to consider the man his father had neglected him for as a potential love interest, so he kept his feelings as firmly under control as he could and didn't mention it to any of the other Avengers.
The room went silent again, trying to figure out how they were going to find their friend. Steve felt the frustration building again until he couldn’t hold it it.
“Nothing seems to be hurting this thing!” came Clint across the comm as Tony landed to take out a few more of the smaller creatures.
As they all filtered out of the room when the movie was done Steve and Tony disappeared, Tony moving his hands excitedly as he described a new invention that Steve just had to see. Thor sighed as the rest of them moved the empty bowls and wrappers through to the kitchen.
know they like each other. Anyway, it means you can't throw the bets,” came Clint's reply. “I give it two months.”
“You learned from your mistakes and you fixed the problems. A weak man would have given up against such odds. A weak man would have just let Stark Industries go on making weapons and removed the issues from his mind. A weak man would never have become Iron Man.”
Tony took another step forward, “I don't know how you missed it Steve. I don't know how you thought – I don't know how you didn't realise...”
Bruce was working hard on a better triangulation of the arc reactor's signal. It was damn difficult, he couldn't get the area smaller than ‘South America’, and even that had taken him days. Of course Tony had to go missing while all of the other geniuses who could have helped were away on long projects. Reed, Strange... none of them were available. He took long, deep breaths, trying to fill his head with calculations and data, trying new set-ups, new work arounds. He glanced back at the screen, back at his work, before what he saw sank in and he slowly looked back up at the screen. The signal was fading. Slowly, but surely, over the last week it had been obvious it was disappearing. Bruce slapped the side of the monitor and muttered. He was holding onto hope that the systems were faulty. The faint signal finally winked out. It was gone. He was gone.
Steve gave Tony a pointed look, “If you keep picking at those nails I am going to tape your fingers up.”
Tony heard someone come into his lab as he was bent over a small piece of circuitry. They didn't say anything, then Tony heard the sound of a plate being put down and heels turning. He looked up.
Steve paused, reliving the moment where he saw Bucky fall, helpless to save his best friend, the only person who had stuck with him through everything, who had never dismissed him before he changed. “Genuinely? I don't know. I just... had to. There wasn't an option. Day by day. Just day by day.” He looked at his feet and raised his head, quietly talking to himself as much as Bruce, “I never imagined I would have to live through something this painful again. And here we are.”
“I want to see Tony,” he said, running his hands through his hair, “Make sure he's ok after that crash and everything.”
Tony turned towards him smirking, holding an icepack to his arm, “And let you get toasted? No thanks.”
Five hours later, the surgeon came out to find Steve sleeping, his head on Natasha's shoulder. His face was cleared streaked by tears, his eyes red and puffy, wet marks on his sleeve where he'd been wiping at his eyes and nose. Coffee cups littered the chair and floor around Natasha. When she saw him she gently shook Steve who jolted awake, standing up instantly.
Steve felt the tears run down his cheeks as his chuckled. He looked at the floor, “I – We, thought we’d lost you,” he said, trying to keep his words steady.
He hit dial, and lay on the bed. As soon as he heard Pepper answer he exclaimed down the phone, “Oh. My. God.”
Tony’s face turned to steel, “I am fine Steve! Stop treating me like I’m still broken, I am ready to be back on the team.”
Steve was already on his feet, lurching towards Tony, a strangled scream of terror in his throat. But he was too late, Tony was gone.
Tony nodded and turned the car around, knowing what was coming next as Bruce headed off down the road in the direction of the SUV.
Steve smiled as he began to flush red, “Made you some hangover food.” He nodded in the direction of the bacon and pancakes before putting some bacon on his own plate.
He heard a noise by the cars and looked over to see a grease covered Tony wheel himself out from under one of his prized classics. Tony grabbed a rag as he stood up, just wearing a black wife-beater and a pair of old, grease stained jeans. Steve made a quiet strangled noise in his throat, adjusted the way he was standing and cleared his throat.
“Tony,” he said quietly as he put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony swung round, his eyes wild as he sucked in breath. He shook Steve’s hand off and stumbled to the wall, putting his back against the concrete and sliding to the ground. He hugged his knees to his chest and tried to regulate his breathing. The warm body that slid down beside him was welcome as he felt an arm go round his shoulders. He leant into the contact as he concentrated on his breathing, angry at the tears he felt in his eyes.
