Cas moved so quickly that Dean saw the room flying around him in a blur. Dean was on his stomach and Cas was snarling in his ear. "You are such a dirty little boy. You make things so hard for Daddy. You make Daddy want to break his own rules sometimes."
D's smile went away for a moment but returned quickly. He grabbed the bee and thrust it into Cas' other arm. "Do you want me to hold bee?"
She let out a labored breath and turned towards the nurses station. Castiel turned back to the room. He looked in the window and saw D looking expectantly at the door while holding his bee. Cas couldn't help but give a small smile.
"He gave me Sam's phone number and said that Sam is looking forward to you two getting together as well. He suggested that we all go get lunch together today because there was a form he forgot to give me yesterday. We can worry about that while you and Sam hang out." Cas sputtered as Dean kissed him hard.
As soon as she was out of sight, Dean grabbed a plate and allowed his eyes to dart back and forth over all of the food in front of him. He, of course, covered his plate in bacon before moving onto anything else. Then he got one scoop of eggs and one piece of toast. Before he moved to get a drink, he paused and put his plate down on the counter. "Will there be enough?"
"Sit, boy." Cas didn't even look his way as he took a sip of his wine and continued eating his vegetables.
"I would be part of the change in your care, but it is up to you. I know you are uncomfortable with it. I know you hate it, but D, you need to have touch with another person."
"He'll be okay, though?" Dean was nearly silent. Castiel felt like he would have an aneurysm from how hard he was focusing on his omega's voice.
Castiel did again for good measure. He pushed the beta onto his back and put his foot on his chest. Roche's head was digging into the shards left behind from the glass Cas had dropped. "You really are a dumb bitch. I bet you didn't listen to a single police scanner before you came here, did you? Didn't wonder why I was panicking to get things out the car? All you wanted was to get to him. They're fucking coming for you, Roche. You're going to burn, you son of a bitch. You touched my omega." He moved his foot to Roche's throat. "And I will drag you to hell myself." Cas put some of his weight down and smiled as the beta's face started changing color.
"Well," Cas rubbed the nape of neck with his hand. "I honestly don't know when I'm going to be able to begin working on his speech/language stuff. I am consistently reinforcing his facial expressions with words, like saying "I'm happy, too," or something like that. I'm working to figure out his gestures. I am planning on starting some fine motor skills therapy this afternoon with block puzzles. Frankly, I'm a bit shocked at how well he seems to be handling things. Most people in his shoes would be catatonic."
Dean simply moaned and continued his little kitten licks over Daddy’s hand until it was clean. “Love you, Daddy.” Dean made sure he said 'daddy' every time that he said 'love.' He had to be careful.
"You make a convincing argument." Dean stood from the water slowly and Cas should not have found it as adorable as it was. The omega's skin was a bit pink from the hot water and he looked so vulnerable and soft. He trusted Cas and Castiel knew that he had to do everything in his power to protect that trust.
Castiel chuckled as he opened up the food tray that was brought in. "Okay, it looks like we have applesauce, red Jello, peas, and..." Cas poked at the entrée with the plastic fork included with the meal, "this... stuff." He tried to smile but D just stared at him. "I... I am not sure what it is. Want me to get some yogurt again? With the honey?"
Quickly, he jumped up and jogged over to the bedroom door. He quietly opened it up and his shoulders relaxed as he looked in. Dean was looking over at the lamp a pillow had knocked over. The lamp was just on its side. The omega was surrounded by all ten pillows, six blankets, and Bee. He looked over sleepily at Cas. "Hey, Alpha."
Castiel thought for a moment. "Hm, I would say about six months. That Alfie kid that had his femur broken in that wreck. It took a lot of work to get him back on his feet." He was sure that this omega of Gabe's would need more time, but anything more than six to seven months was unlikely. It was rare for a rehab specialist to come in for that long.
The omega took Castiel's wrists in his hands and brought them to his face. Castiel cradled his face carefully and Dean began crying again. Cas wiped away a tear and continued stroking his cheek. "You're the best. I promise."
In a few moments, a man came into the living room. While Suzanne seemed to still be in her work clothes, or maybe she always dressed like that, David seemed to be in his casual clothes. He wore light-wash jeans, a dark-purple polo, and white tennis shoes. Apparently, "dad clothes" were the same no matter the social class. David was clearly an alpha considering his strong scent of cinnamon and orange. It was a strange combination, but it worked. "Hello, gentlemen! It's so nice to have you in our home!" He stuck his hand out for Cas, which the alpha accepted, and waved across the room to Dean. He may not have intended for it to happen, but the lack of expectations of touch seemed to help Dean stand a little taller.
"It was. I loved getting to taste your slick, honey. Not to mention how good your cock felt in my mouth." Castiel hummed. He felt Dean squirm a bit in his hold. If he continued down this road, then he was going to end up rimming Dean again until they both died of starvation. "Hey, are you ready for food yet?"
"Yes, you are, but not yet." Cas pushed his shoulders down yet again and brushed his cock as he stood. "It's time for your dessert."
"Well, aren't you a saint?" Dean smiled and leaned back in his chair. He did not let go of Castiel's hand. In fact, it seemed like he was trying to hold their hands in position that would allow him to scent Cas if he needed. The alpha stepped a little closer to help him out. "Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it."
He felt Dean roll over and lay back with his head at the foot of the bed. Eventually, when Cas opened his eyes, he wanted to come again when his eyes landed on Dean. The omega was lounging with his legs parted slightly, slick shining over his thighs, and his cock lying on his stomach. Cas's come covered his chest. Dean smiled lazily as he drug one of his fingers through the mess and brought it to his lips. "Fuckin' love you."
"Well, that's cool man. I know a few things about cars that I picked up when I worked..." the omega paused and cleared his throat, "at a job I had a while back. I'll take a look at it when we finish up here, okay?"
Also, please leave comments with where you would like to see this go! The plan I have is to extend this work to roughly 15,000 words and I have a lot of ideas. However, I can always use some inspiration!
"Will you tell me what the nightmare was about? I don't need to know details, I promise, but maybe just saying what it was about will help you feel less threatened by those memories."
"I don't know. I certainly hope so. Anyone who suffered so much and made it through to the other side deserves to be heard. Even if it's just a comment about the weather."
Cas entered the hospital with a couple of his favorite blankets, a few children's books that he kept around for young patients, and a bottle of soda. If he were to accidentally sneak some to Dean, then no one needed to know.
Well, there it was, apparently Dean and Castiel shared a profound bond simply because he was the only "good person" on Earth. Castiel exhaled and rubbed his hand over his mouth. Dean may be healing physically, but he clearly had some internalized issues that went past the extent of his abuser.
A couple seconds later, he fell off of Cas and began to laugh. "Daddy, that was so good. I couldn't take any more kisses."
So, that thought process is what led Castiel to walk out the store with a couple of pacifiers (the pear one was still his favorite because it reminded him of Dean’s eyes), some child-friendly cups and plates, some picture books, and a soft blanket. Cas desperately hoped that this would not be a waste, but it was possible that Dean would laugh in his face, demand rent for the next month, and kick him out. Cas didn’t like to think that Dean was capable of that cold-heartedness, but it was possible with what he was suggesting. If nothing else, Cas could make a charitable donation to a local children’s home. It was all left up to Dean.
“In bed… I… I’m good at riding.” Dean could hardly hear himself talk. He doubted that Cas even knew he said anything unless he was looking at his lips. Which apparently he was earlier, so…
"Fuck... yea... Yea, that's a good plan." Dean moaned softly and poked his tongue out to lick Castiel's finger.
Dean’s face went blank and he knew all the color drained from his face. “My what?” Play it cool, play it cool, Winchester. This guy may have had his fingers up your ass, but you're a man, damn it.
Cas nodded. He knew that many of his prior patients would chew on pen caps, bite their nails, and chew gum constantly because of the calming effect it had. He went out on a limb and figured it would help Dean calm back down, too. Not to mention how good it felt to his inner-alpha.  "Always, baby. Are you ready to go home?"
This time was nothing like the first. Dean actually paid attention, giggled, and commented on the book as Daddy read. It was so fucking nice to just relax with Cas like this. “That pigeon is so silly, Daddy! Would you let me drive the bus?”
Cas kissed the top of his forehead and pulled him into his chest. "And I love you." Dean's hair continued to collect Cas's tears. of thankfulness, sadness, and adoration.
Cas just chuckled darkly and spanked it again. "I'll give you kisses when you learn to be good and take what Daddy gives you."
Castiel caught the remote and set it on the armrest of the chair. He glanced at the kid and saw that he was staring out the window. He could feel that anger just like he had the day before. He walked quickly to catch up with the doctor. "Excuse me, Dr. Roche?"
Jack threw the bowling ball into the gutter and ran over to Sam, while laughing joyously. He tackled Sam with a hug and grinned, "Dean and Cas?! I knew it! You tried to get out of the bet before we left the house, I can't believe you!"
Castiel moved a floorboard before Chuck's foot with his grace and tripped him with it. Chuck fell to his face, hitting the floor hard and sudden. He grunted on the floor, rubbing his nose and forehead. Cas stated. "I will never regret turning my back on you to save my beloved's soul."
The portal was barely visible now, shrinking in size until it became the size of a pencil when they sprang headfirst, backs brushing the crackling electric cosmic wave as they hurtled from one plane of existence to the next.
Sam went back to his research, typing away. "I don't care enough about you two kissing to have an opinion on when it happens."
Jack made a bubble ball, lathering up the soap and sticking it to his nose, "Look, Sam. I'm a clown."
Dean smirked, "So, me and Cas can have ourselves a little drive-through wedding. Extra gay. In your honor."
Castiel sat up again and looked down at Dean's body. The human was laid out for him like a feast. Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine he'd be in bed with Dean Winchester like this. A month ago, they could barely look at one another. And now? The angel's eyes darkened as he stared. Lightening flashed as it rained outside the window. Castiel pushed up Dean's cotton shirt, the outline of his large broken wings appeared in a shadow on the wall when the thunder clapped. Dean gazed up at him in wonder as Castiel dipped down to kiss the anti-possession tattoo on his chest. Cas worshipped the human body underneath him. With every kiss, he tried to press in more and more love.
Castiel rubbed his temple, sighing deeply, "Jack. I'll give you your space. But, some things are too complicated... the bond between Dean and I has been tested more than you could possibly imagine. The ways in which we've hurt each other would break your heart. And when I saw the Empty yesterday, we spoke. It's watching, Jack. If for some inane reason Dean feels the same way I do, sharing my feelings with him could have consequences. We're in war. I can't afford to make that sacrifice. And we can't afford to lose a soldier."
Sam flipped the computer around, "I found Chuck's room in San Diego from the address Meta gave us yesterday. I've been doing a scan using the Men of Letters satellite. It's been abandoned for years and the whole street's quiet." He opened the browser bigger, clicking the right arrow to pass through pictures. "Look at this. Meta said it was a Del Taco. But if you check the satellite five years ago, it was a Biggerson's. Then before that, a Burger King, McDonalds, Carl's Jr. And it goes on and on, abandoned fast food chain after abandoned fast food chain. There's really powerful magic in that building that stays current and updates itself. I just wish I knew what it was. That would help us plan at least -- we could probably even work
Dean watched the swimsuited crowd as he folded towels by the pool, carrying them to the spa after he'd finished. No such luck.
So, the angel will sit through his various human lessons. He'll sit through a hundred -- a thousand. The schooling might not take all of the time, but Cas will watch and admire and help when needed. Sometimes they even make a great team like they did this morning cooking breakfast. It took a minute to find their rhythm, but Jack and Sam sung their praises as they feasted. It worked.
"Our son's birthday is in ten months. You bought it for you." Castiel took a sip, mulling over the taste.
Within moments, they were barrelling across a familiar tile floor. Nose deep in Sam's favorite mop cleaner scent, Cas's back absorbed most of the shock, bumping into the chairs and desks in their library.
Dean took a bite of his hash browns, "Jesus, we're gonna have another Spears and Aguilera moment. I can feel it."
Amara answered, nodding to Sam. "The warding is complete. Just a few more sigils on the walls, and Chuck could storm this place all he wants.... there's no getting out."
"Did I?" Dean opened his eyes tiredly, turning his head in Castiel's lap to look up at him. The angel had a raised eyebrow and a no nonsense attitude about him as usual. His dark curls weren't damp anymore with rain, but from this angle his lashes were incredibly long. Dean blinked harder as his eyes acclimated to the brightness. Cas gave Dean a hard blink back, wrinkling his nose.
He tasted Dean's soft lips, and felt like Eve biting into an apple. True love's first kiss. It was more powerful than any spell. One drop of it on his tongue and Castiel was under. Dean kissed with every fiber of his carbon based being. They fed off of each other's energy, not knowing if each kiss they gave would be their last, trying fruitlessly to drink their fill. Castiel could barely let go of him. He kissed Dean like a dying man.
Jack glared at the angel. He looked away sharply, glancing down at his feet. The boy pushed the door open, stomping over to his father in his socks. He refused to give Cas eye contact as he stomped his feet dramatically through his room, leaving a trail of white feathers in his path. Jack ran into his father, giving him a big hug. The boy squeezed him tight. It was like he was holding on for dear life. Castiel smiled and patted his head, "I love you too, Jack. Sorry I raised my voice."
Dean paused. "If I could choose everything right now, we'd rent a two bedroom. Jack would have his own room with his own TV so he stays in bed after lights out. I would give Sam the master bedroom so that he shuts the fuck up."
Jack waved from behind the bar. The boy lifted up his eyebrow, hair and eyes beginning to glow a pale white with gold ring of shining light blasting around the back of his head like a halo. "Right here. With me."
Sam laughed as he left the room, "Yeah, whatever. I'm not the one drooling over Cas on the communal kitchen counter. Don't forget to wipe up."
He hoped the oil was broken too. Absolutely ruined! And that it would take at least two hours to fix.
Jack ran back across the kitchen and living room and up the stairs, giggling, "I wanna be a dinosaur again!"
"Goodnight, Dad." Jack buried his face in Cas's sweater. He picked his face up from his father's chest. The nephil sensed the dried tears on the cashmere. Jack asked worriedly. "...was Dean crying?"
Dean pushed Cas down to the bed. Sitting up, Dean pulled his own Henley over his head and tossed it. He pounced on the angel, ravishing him with kiss after kiss. He pulled Cas by the face. Castiel kissed him back, hands on Dean's bare hips. He ran them up his beautiful back, feeling all of that human warmth and love under his palms. They rolled a bit. Back and forth, rocking and kissing. Cas rolled Dean over, smiling to himself as he landed on top of him again. Their legs tangled as they rolled, and Dean's thigh felt so good between his that Castiel asked his first question, "Would you be comfortable if I took your underwear off?"
"We... we didn't mean to be uh... thanks for watching the kid, I..." Dean cleared his throat. "Dammit, Sam. I said we'd talk about it later."
Those loose lips already spilled to Sam about their little romantic sleepover in the Impala. God forbid Cas tells him about Dean's kinks.
Castiel raced down the busy resort halls to meet Dean at the elevator. He ignored the high ceilings and golden framed paintings and marble floors around him. There was only one goal in mind: Metatron. Metatron. Metatron. When he arrived at a row of long silver elevators, he saw Dean standing there in his concierge jacket. They locked eyes, giving each other a heartfelt stare as Dean pressed the up arrow beside the elevator doors.
Dean pulled a sweater out to show his brother and his angel. It was yellow cashmere with red stitching at the color. Jack's size. Sam's eyes widened, he walked up, taking it in his hands. "Did Amara give us a wardrobe?"
Chuck struggled against the iron binds that pinned him to the booth as Amara read aloud. She flipped through the pages and reached her perfect spot with a brilliant smile.
Castiel fondly remembered the kitchen in the bunker. It's his one of his favorite spots. Dean would walk into the kitchen all sleepy and cute in his robe and slippers. His hair would be a fuzzy blonde mess, eyes still blinking awake. He'd pour himself a mug from the pot Cas brewed. Then they'd sit together and breathe in the morning. Dean would smile, pretty lips turning up as he thanks him for the coffee. Sometimes he calls Cas "sunshine", and it lights the angel up from the inside.
Billie said calmly. "Need I remind you, I was a reaper when I assisted in defeating you. I answered to Chuck at the time. And he wrote me to be subservient to him just like everyone else in this room. My hands were tied. Besides, you kept trying to destroy the universe. You can't blame me for protecting my home."
"I have a thing for strong men with deep voices and healing hands." Dean let out a simmering sigh of arousal. "Grab whatever you want. Whenever you want. As hard as you want."
years ago, you keep showing up uninvited with demands like I owe you something -- which I don't. You're not paying me an hourly consulting rate, so..."
He still felt naked without his signature coat. The sweater had a simple rounded collar and fit him somewhat. The clothes in this room were intended for Dean. Castiel had a bit more mass on him than he did. Don't get him wrong, Dean Winchester is stocky and large, standing over six feet tall with enormous shoulders. But Cas's chest puffs out a bit where Dean's doesn't. His arms are bulky, his waist is thick and compact, his thighs were beefy, as was his perky bum. After struggling to pull four different pairs of jeans over his legs, he gave up on denim. Castiel found a pair of comfy black jogger sweats and grey cable knit socks. Yeah. The elastic fit much better, but he wasn't used to the thick socks. Or the expensive sweater. Or sweatpants in general. He's more of a business slacks guy.
"He hopes we're eating." Castiel wiped another crumb off of Jack's chin, "And that he'll talk to you tomorrow. He just needs time. He doesn't like to think of Mary. Or her death. But he's not upset with you. Sam's spoken to him already, and his thoughts are more organized now. They had time to grieve while you were gone, but the wound is still there. He doesn't want to hurt you. He wants us to stay."
Jack ripped open his fruit cup as soon as it arrived. He picked out four strawberries from the mix with his fingers. He put them on top of his stack and poured strawberry syrup over it. Then he smiled over his masterpiece. Sam remembered the special breakfast Dean made last week. The strawberry pancakes were a hit. Apparently they were still on Jack's mind.
If Chuck hadn't won Castiel's servitude after all these years, he was certainly not getting it now that Cas kissed the Winchester boy. Dean and Castiel loving each other had been the
Castiel glanced back at Dean and his son yelling at a large machine together. It warmed his heart. His grace simmered under his skin like a steaming pot. Jack pushed Dean's shoulder, "You got it! You got it!"
Jack blubbered, "Sam always understood me. Ever since I was born. He would listen and he would care."
with his angel, but not too much. They'd slip away somewhere. Even if they just sat an old unused room in the bunker for a glass and conversation, or picked a trail to walk through at a park, or went on a drive up the road a few miles just to circle back, they've even claimed a corner of the library after midnight if Dean was too sleepy to go too far. They'd talk deeply. Their fingers would brush and their hearts would beat hard together like twin drums. Castiel would look into Dean's eyes and want to confess it all. Every now and then, Dean reads it in his stare and he leans in.
"Exactly what I'm friggin saying! In Through The Out Door is way too underrated! It's not their best album ever, but man. People gloss right over it. Half of it's on your mixtape. I mean, what do you think?"
Now that they have time, he's fixing the Impala. Heck, even better, he's letting Cas watch. And, boy! What a sight to behold. If any angel asked Castiel what the most beautiful image he's ever seen on Earth was, he would say: Dean Winchester, sans flannel, bent over the hood of his car.
By the time Cas had returned from the tool box Dean already found that red thingy with the long black nose to help pour the coolant into the car. His biceps and hands were covered with streaks of grease. And there was one long streak on his forehead right above his brow. He must have checked the oil. He had a black stained towel in his hands. Christ, is he flexing?
"Cas--" Dean spotted a maintenance closet along the hall of rooms, taking Castiel's wrist and holding his hand. He steered them into the dark open closet.
The nephil opened the door. Sam stood with his hands in his pockets by the dumpster, Dean and Castiel chatting closely beside him. The three had changed into black tee shirts for an easy change. It was jarring to see Castiel without a coat on. The shirt fit a bit snug because it was one of Dean's. That was probably it. Jack froze the lock and let it go. He sprinted towards his parents, gaining visibility. They noticed him, straightening up and taking their shirts from the boy. Sam got a white button up with a company emblem on the collar. Dean and Castiel took moss green concierge jackets with red and gold military style embroidery. Jack changed into a black waiter's apron over his oxford. Then, they were off to their respective corners of the resort. No time to sight see.
The booth sat large and wooden, sigils carved into it as well as the chair. The wood was fortified from the fallen angel Anna's tree. Pure creation for the creator. On the table was a big stack of papers and a bucket of crayons. Above the table a new page would float down from the ceiling and into the pile of papers every few minutes, beside it a new crayon would fall from the ceiling and into the bucket. Forcing him into the chair, Dean pressed Chuck's small shoulders down as Sam came in to tie him to the chair with ropes.
Their pinkies pushed and flirted on the leather seat. Dean licked his lips, feeling warm as he flirted back. Fingers brushed gently. The angel slid his hand above Dean's, his ring finger and pointer finger smoothed his calloused palm. Castiel ran his fingertip gently along the inside of Dean's thumb. It ran from the side of Dean's fingernail, past the edge of his knuckles, slowly down the softness of the dip in his hand and up the edge of his thumb. That sensation was absolutely insane. Zeppelin streamed in, crooning...
"Well, well, well. What did I just walk in on?" Sam said loudly. He was sweaty from his morning run, hair damp and face glowing as he headed to the fridge for a water bottle. "Need some privacy? I can go."
"What? I'm kidding. Chill out." Dean smacked Sam's arm, "Come on, Sammy, seriously." He gave his brother a look of concern, "That's got to be a big spell to do on your own. Chasing a celestial down ain't easy -- even with help."
"Yeah, yeah. You always threaten to throw things into the abyss. You never do." Jack took another bite, savoring the yummy sandwich, "So, Dean cooks for you because he sees you as his... brother?"
Dean rolled his eyes, "You think I wouldn't check? Please. The second we got a free moment, we dragged each other into the bathroom to confirm. Same girth, length, curve, all of it. That dumb little Ken Doll has everything of mine but the tats and the six pack."
"You and Jack won't be here, so I'll be holding him a lot during the baking process. That's plenty romantic."
"The Empty said that it wanted me to suffer. For all the things I took from him when he woke. So, he would give me time. Wait for me to forget about this deal, and when I was truly happy, he would come for me and snatch it all away. I thought I bested him. I've never been truly happy, and its unlikely I'll start any time soon." Cas said, resting against Dean's dresser drawers as he added, "But, seeing as the world is what you would call a 'shit sandwich on rye', it's starting to be less about the Empty preying on my happiness, and more... a matter of time."
Dean doesn't have as much faith in himself as a father as he does as a chef. Jack knows. Dean is reactive and grumpy. He can come off cold sometimes. But his food? His food is always warm and well loved.
They watched as the rest of the marbles started to vibrate, lifting gently from the box. The stones carried a disorganized pattern, wobbling in the air. There was a folded piece of paper inside, and Sam opened it, reading through the instructions quickly. He sucked his teeth and groaned. Sam refolded the paper, putting it back in the box.
They'd barely set foot in the garage for a moment before Dean turned all of his focus to the car, an angel at his heels. The hunter became a man on a mission. He clapped his hands and walked straight down the line, past all of the classic 40's cars and cycles left by the Men of Letters. He had one goal in mind: getting Baby back to mint. He always got a little anxious when his car wasn't running right. That's why Castiel kept the information to himself. At least until breakfast was over. He wanted to let Dean have one nice family meal before he started to fret over anything.
to ever be fortified in the natural world. Add our little archangelic nephil's grace to the mix and this place is locked down tighter than Lucifer's Cage. I should know. I jailbroke it in '15. This is... my finest work."
Distracted, Jack made a tall cone of white bubbles and gave it a nice karate chop. It fell over with a slow, unceremonious plopping sound. Fun! He must do it again. Jack laughed to himself, making several piles of soap and pushing them into the water below. He splashed and splashed. His hands patted at the water and the soap beneath.
Still rolling across the floor like a sack of potatoes, Dean closed his eyes and felt more bliss falling down than he ever had walking. He was safe, he was home, he was kissing
"You're gonna take your ball, and roll it down to knock over as many pins as you can." Sam lifted the ball up to his chest as he approached the lane. "Like this." Sam ducked down a bit, pulled back his arm, and tossed the ball forward while following the motion through. The ball raced down the lane and knocked the pins out. They danced in the lane for a moment before falling and getting swept away by a large metal bar. He got them all.
The three others noticed the round red mark on Dean's forehead between his eyes the moment his hand left his face. Sam and Jack started to laugh at him, doubling over in stitches. Castiel smirked, clearly entertained by it, walked over to Dean with strong intent. His hand was already raised to heal the bruise. Dean grumbled and pushed Cas's fingers out of the way, but Castiel just switched hands. The angel cupped his face, sending some healing grace his way. Dean's forehead glowed blue for a moment and in an instant all of the pain (no matter how minor Dean insists) was gone.
"Not if handling it for a prolonged period of time in a heated situation would take a toll on your muscles. All the motion, the thrusting, the strikes? It would tire you out and you'd soon get sore."
Come on, Cas, you could have done so much better than that. You could have had everything. I gave you a way out after you botched purgatory. After Naomi failed to reprogram you. Me, being your loving father... I believed you had the potential to be great. I still wanted you to rule Heaven. So, through Sam's trials, I sent you Metatron to hurry things along."
to that unruly foul-mouthed human he was so obsessed with. Knowing Dean, they've probably had sex already.
Castiel had set the table and was now placing four plates down in front of each respective chair. His eyes were sharply focused on the task at hand, but Dean could tell Cas had been watching the interaction between him and Jack. There was a small upturn to his mouth, and as far as Cas goes that's a full on grin. Dean's heart felt warm. Castiel was happy with him again. It was possible after all. They were becoming closer as a family. Dean just had to get over himself.
Sam then crouched by the bed, looking down at his son. He paused, soulful eyes speaking louder than anything. Sam placed his huge warm hand on Jack's small shoulder and said to Cas softly, "I just wanted to make sure he's okay. And... you know. Tell him that... I get it. I haven't always made the best decisions drunk with power either, but I know how much pain he's in. He doesn't deserve that. So, when he wakes up, can you tell him that... Sam's safe?" Sam let out a tired, good natured huff, "If he wants to talk or something, I'll hear him out -- truly hear him out. And he doesn't have to be scared of me cuz I love him. Okay? I don't want him to hurt like this. We will get through this. As a family. We're Winchesters."
he really wanted to prevent -- yet it was the one thing he couldn't stop from happening. He was off world for a week.
"No." Castiel replied, "He's having a glass of whiskey in the library. He likes to talk to me while he relaxes."
." Sam winced, "They have a spa, three pools, two bars, a bowling alley, a full service gym, and six on-site restaurants."
"I don't want to talk about this why did we get here oh god." Sam shook his head, pushing his hair back before digging into the dishes again. Castiel shuffled a few steps away from him to give the guy space. Sam took a deep breath and stated simply, "When Dean loves someone very very much, he feels compelled to express that love physically. And when he does, he and his partner make a series of loud erotic sounds that bleed through walls and make innocent bystanders resistant to therapy for years to come."
Sam pleaded, "If you're about to tell me how good my best friend is in bed, just don't. Spare me. Please."
"Lucifer broke rules all the time. He was a villain. That was the point of him. But this is not you. You're too good for this, Cas. How many more years can this disrespectful oaf possibly give you? Thirty? Please. It's impractical. I have to cut this from my story. You understand."
"Of course." Sam stuffed his hands in his jacket pockets and and tapped the heels of his shoes on the floor.
Cas chuckled with his voice low. He bent down to kiss Dean's ear. "When you tell me that you are ready for us to be together... to mate... sweet boy, you have no idea just how indecent I can get."
Cas reached for Dean's hand, but the omega pulled back. "Sweetheart, what are you trying to tell me?"
"Why'd it have to be like this Cas?" Dean turned his head to look at Cas and the alpha was struck by how bloodshot Dean's eyes had become in such a short amount of time.
Dean began laughing. "Nah, man. You've got a leak somewhere, because this engine is bone dry. It's probably a busted gasket head or something. Not a terribly hard fix. We'll get you some oil and on the road in no time. It'll hold you over until you can get to an actual mechanic."
"He, um... he shared some information with me and I think it would be unethical to continue serving him in the capacity that I am now." Cas rarely bit his nails, but he was certainly worrying his thumbnail at that moment.
"There is no way you got laid after this, huh? Poor, little baby alpha all by himself." Dean sounded sympathetic, but his smile betrayed him.
"What..." Dean cleared his throat. "What about before we get home? You gonna take care of me, baby?"
“Y-yea, Daddy. Remind me…” As good as it was to be full, Dean was learning that Daddy’s hand trailing up and down his cock was definitely a close second.
No, Cas thought, he couldn't remain angry at Dr. Roche. The guy was douche bag, but he was doing his job. With all of the doctor's other cases, Cas could understand the coldness and indifference. He sighed. It still didn't make him feel better about leaving D in his care. He supposed he could speak to MacLeod about changing doctors, but chances were that the care they provided would be similar to Roche's. There weren't many people that believed in D's chance of recovery. They were all counting down the minutes until the inevitable.
"Maybe not, but I don't feel like risking it." Castiel smiled and sat quietly as Dean gulped down the entire bottle. Castiel felt pleased that the omega listened to him.
Cas winced at the crassness of the statement. "Yes. I... it's the way that alpha and omega biology works. I hate that it's degrading and disrespectful to you, but I--"
“Hey, Dean, I wanted to tell you—the new rims on the Impala look great! Did you put them on yourself?”
Dean nodded his head and took Cas’ other hand in his. He was suddenly calm about the whole situation. Cas always knew what he needed.
All three men, all over six-feet tall, followed the five-foot-three, petite nurse back through a maze of hallways. Castiel was sure it looked a bit odd. It must have resembled a tea-cup chihuahua leading a pack of mastiffs.
Castiel sighed. He needed to choose his words carefully. "I love how we can talk to one another and sleep through the night and play with Bee. I really do. We have a lot of fun." Dean smiled his toothy smile and nodded in agreement.  "But, Dean, I've noticed that your behavior changes a bit when another person is with us. I was wondering why that happens." Obviously, Castiel knew the need to protect was some sort of internalized response to the trauma he experienced, but he wanted to hear Dean's thoughts on the topic.
Dean gripped Castiel's hand. When Cas looked over at him, he was expecting to see a concerned look on his face. Instead, the omega was smiling brightly. "Pie."
"However, if you knew of a big, strong alpha that would like to celebrate my homecoming somehow while I was in the shower... well, I can't say that I oppose." Dean smirked as he turned to face Cas.
While Dean closed his eyes and gathered up Bee for a nap, Charlie gave Castiel two huge thumbs up. He gave one back. His other hand was still holding Dean's. "Dean, before you take your nap, can I ask you something?"
“Riding! I’m good at riding cock, okay? I like being on top and being able to go all the way down and getting filled up! I like feeling that soreness in my thighs! I like being told I’m a good cock slut! I’m fucking good at taking dick! Is that what you wanted to fucking hear?”
"Or get dirtier." Dean gave an exaggerated wink to Cas. Apparently his scent gave away his thoughts.
Sam's mood changed a bit and he looked up from the floor. "Yea! Mom just had a meeting this morning and is off the rest of today. Dad just needs about an hour of notice and he can come."
“Yes, Daddy. I understand.” Cas could feel Dean’s lips moving on his chest as he spoke. He was so quiet, embarrassed no doubt, that he was near silent.
"Thank you, alpha. Thank you. So good to me, alpha." Dean continued spewing out random words of praise the rest of the ride back. He also snuck some kisses on Castiel's wrist, but the alpha wasn't going to say anything to make him stop. He had seen Dean upset and angry, but this seemed to be an actual panic attack. Hopefully, that True Mate scent would work its magic.
Naturally, Dean was unaware that he knew and Cas was perfectly content with keeping it that way for the remainder of their days. Regardless of the attraction he had developed for Dean over the past five years, he never wanted to alter things to the point of no return or beyond repair. He was content being best friends. Even if Dean returned those feelings, he wanted it to be Dean’s choice. He had enough on his plate— working four ten-hour days in the garage, Sam going off to college, rent going up, the Impala having some issues… the addition of a creepy roommate was not something he needed.
"You romantic, you." Cas chuckled. "I cannot wait to smell you. It's a good thing that I can't right now, thought."
Cas just shook his head. "Communication is important, baby. You may have some hard limits that I don't know about. You may have something that you really like that you've neglected to tell me."
Cas growled and pushed Dean's hips back so his hole was exposed. "And I love you. Please tell me that I can eat you, baby boy."
"I'm an unmated omega." Dean whispered as he kissed Cas slowly. Cas smiled in response and pulled Dean into his chest. He kissed the top of his head and let out a breath that he forgot that he was holding.
"You fucking dumbass! You really think that these are going to hold me back?" He kicked Roche's crotch again. "I was Alastair's top locksmith for over two years, you dumb bitch! My god, how'd you get through med school?"
Dean laughed. "Yea, 'cause you're doing such a good job now." He wiggled against Cas to prove his point.
"Thank you for having us, Mr. Wesson. We certainly are excited to get to know you better. Sam has told us how wonderful you two are." Cas could see Dean shuffling back to his side.
Cas finished before Dean and walked over to the shower as Dean finished up as well. He turned on the water and tested it a few times before getting in.
And with that, Cas moved his hand from Dean’s mouth to his own cock. He was already half hard, but he gave a few easy jerks to get it back to stone. He stared down at Dean with his bottom lip between his teeth and an animalistic gleam in his eye.
as much. Here, in the apartment, away from where everything started, those things don’t work as much. So, I don’t think I have any ‘oral health’ damage. I started doing it more often here. I don’t know why it took so long for me to calm down this time.”
Daddy was about halfway through the book when Dean began having a classic Winchester moment. He started getting nervous that once he was “Dean,” again instead of Cas’ baby that things would never be the same. He had never felt this level of peace and it scared him that it may be taken away from him. He couldn’t imagine anything or anyone else bringing him this much pleasure in his life. He had had some serious relationships before, but none of them held a candle to the man he was pressed against in that moment. Dean could not let this slip away. At the same time, a small part of his brain reminded him that Daddy knew what was best. Cas was his best friend. This experience would never intentionally harm Dean in any way. Cas would ensure that. However, no matter how much he tried to convince himself, he knew this would eventually slip away from him. Everything good in his life ended too soon.
He could see Cas' pupils dilate and it was hard to miss how his eyebrows shot up at Dean's accidental confession. All Dean wanted was to crawl under the bed, never see anyone again, and then maybe, just maybe, he wouldn't have to deal with this embarrassment. But for some reason he couldn't move. He couldn't even move his eyes away from Cas' that were currently digging into his soul. All that he could feel was ice-cold fear replace the warm contentment he had felt less than ten seconds ago. So, Dean decided not to move or speak for two reasons. One, he didn't think that he physically could, and two, he risked fucking everything up even more if he tried anything else.
Cas stood, stretched, and leaned over to place a kiss on Dean's forehead. "I love you, too." Cas smiled to himself as he turned and caught Dean's reflection in the living room window. The omega had a small smile on his face and he closed his eyes as he laid his head back on the arm rest.
"Dad tried. He did. He did what he thought was best for our family, but that meant doing some shady shit every now and again to make ends meet. He was in a bad car wreck trying to get away from some douche bag that was hounding him for money. Died at the hospital."
"I do what I can." Cas smiled and kissed Dean's forehead. "Well, how about a compromise. What if we went by Big Lots or another discount store? That way you can get what you want and you won't have to worry about it being way too expensive."
It wasn't long before Dean shouted Cas' name as he came all over himself. His hole clenched around the toy inside of him and it quickly become too much to handle.
Castiel could not contain the smile that spread over his face. Holy shit. Yes, yes, a million times, yes. This was a dream come true. He tried to tamp down his excitement before speaking. “Of course, baby.”
Cas knew that Dean could feel his tears wetting the hair on the top of his head. "I do not deserve that grace, sweet boy. I don't know what I would do if I lost you and I... I cannot begin to tell you how proud I am of you for being so brave and strong."
“I don’t want to be ‘old’ Cas and Dean. I want… I…” Dean broke down into a full-on sob. He clutched Cas’ hand to his chest and let it out.
Castiel could feel Dean's manhood slowly growing against his own. Their breaths were becoming interspersed with quiet groans and gasps. Cas ran his tongue over Dean's lips again before kissing down his jaw. He nibbled gently on Dean's mating gland. The tremors he felt coming from the omega showed him that he was doing something right. The hardening between their legs confirmed that Dean was enjoying himself. Castiel's alpha roared with pride. He could satisfy his Mate.
"I've got this one. Man, what're the odds, huh?" Bobby shook his head as he handed the card over to Ash.
David spoke up. "Trust me, our lawyers are already looking into this horrible mess. From what we gathered, you two were separated in foster care and things fell through the cracks. It is completely unethical and down-right cruel." The scent of alpha anger permeated the room as David stood from his seat. "We should've known. We should've investigated, but there was no reason..." he sighed, "there was no evidence that Sam had a brother and we took the adoption agency's word as gospel."
"Yes, baby?" Cas looked down and was met with two beautiful green eyes looking into his own. Not the stranger's eyes from the window, but the eyes of his Mate.
On the way out of his house, Castiel also grabbed a couple of books he had been meaning to read, just in case the omega needed sleep. This was his responsibility now, and he had every intention of staying with the omega from the time visiting hours started until they forced him out. He needed human connection and Castiel was going to do everything he could to help him.
Charlie took a sip of her diet Coke and nodded. "Agreed. I'll see if I can pull some strings and get you the one from 364. Apparently, a guy bought it a few years back when his wife had to stay long term. Super fancy. Reclining with cup holders. He went through all the paperwork to get it in, paid all sorts of a fees, but didn't take it with him when she was released. It is the best chair in this place. I wish I could have it at home."
"Hell, yeah, man. Best pie in the city. I'll split it with you." Gabe commented before Cas could form a response. Gabe stuck his arm of case files out for Cas to hold while keeping his eyes on the lock.
The omega squealed and let Bee fall to the bed. He pointed to himself over and over again and somehow, his smile grew brighter. Castiel felt a tear roll down his cheek. He was so damn happy. "Dean. Dean. My strong boy, Dean."
Also, I know this chapter is very short, but I'm trying to get back into the head space I was in when I started writing this, and it is proving to be a bit more difficult than I had anticipated. I'll post some time later this week!
Cas rolled his eyes, but couldn't help the smile that crossed his face. "Thank you for everything, Ash. Have a great day."
"You know, as a beta, I can't smell all of the different things you alphas and omega can, but I think I have a strong intuition. I certainly knew that I was right about David, even all of those years ago. I can see that you two are meant to be together. Castiel, I must confess that I knew something was wrong with Sam when we adopted him. Well... not
And before they fell asleep, Dean felt Cas rut up against him and settle his half-hard cock between Dean's ass. He felt Cas kiss behind his ear. But most importantly, he heard Cas whisper, "I am going to absolutely wreck you when you get home from work tomorrow, my love."
Dean's smile was broken by a yawn as he laid his head back. "Good. Just tired. Thought that adrenaline would carry me over, but this has been a freaking crazy day." He shut his eyes and patted Cas' thigh. "I'm good, though, babe."
Dean didn't look over at Castiel. The alpha held the young man's chin in his hand and turned his head so they were looking at one another. "Look at me, Dean."
Dean rocked his hips back and forth until he couldn't hold it back any more. "D-da.... Cas!" Ropes of cum shot out onto his chest as he shook above that fucking perfect tongue. That orgasm was better than back when he could cum in his pants when he hit puberty. It was the perfect amount of teasing and the release was everything he needed. Cas' tongue didn't leave his hole. He just kept licking.
"Yes, ma'am." He hated the way she spoke so clinically. However, he knew that without proper emotional distancing that a nurse could get hurt if they were too close to a patient. He had seen that more than once in his mother.
Sam washed the dishes with deep concentration, refusing to give Castiel eye contact. "You and Dean can enjoy your first night together without needing to... monitor your volume... or clothing..."
"Watch your step, Sam." Dean pointed at the floor, "The kid's shedding all over the place like a goddamn house cat."
Dean knelt, pulling a flask out of his pocket. He dumped out the old whisky and dragged the empty container across Jack's ashes, pushing some of his remains into the flask and rising to pull Castiel in by his shoulder. He looked into Cas's eyes and promised, "We're gonna fix this. All of this."
"Oh, I bet it was." Amara pushed her long brown hair behind her ear flirtatiously before strolling back across the room in her dramatic pink outfit, silk gown playing around her ankles.
. Wasn't much of a choice, then, huh Dean? When being with the man you love could kill your only family?"
Amara and Billie walked out of the rift, arm in arm cackling like besties. The golden crackling rift to the Empty started to close behind them as the two leaned into each other's spaces, arms linked tightly at their elbows, laughing about whatever had just happened. There seemed to be a lot of mocking coming from their end. Amara was holding the scythe, twirling it casually in her manicured hands as she held it out and admired it. She looked up at Billie brightly, "That was the most fun I've had in centuries. You're pretty damn powerful. It's refreshing."
Dean reached forward and took Cas's hand. He closed his other over it, keeping them close. "I hate putting him through this, Cas. He just has to get through tomorrow."
Castiel replied, "Chuck is connected to the Book of the Damned. He wrote the spells, they draw from his power. We've basically been feeding him our location for the past day."
"Christ, Sam, I get it! Shaddup!" Dean pushed Cas's chest, face still red. He wanted to scramble off of the angel's lap as quickly as possible, stammering out a bashful. "Alright, buddy. You heard 'em. They're waiting on us. Let go of me."
Castiel pushed Dean's shoulders down, climbing over his waist and straddling him. Their hips brushed together and he felt how aroused the human already was. Castiel said easily, "Do you want to have sex with me tonight?"
"Hey, angel, look." Dean answered quietly, gazing into Cas's pretty eyes. "You're done fighting for your life like that, okay? You're a priority to me, Cas. You always have been. I'd throw it all away for you in a second. But now that you're finally mine, I -- well, Cas, I took that deal you made real personal. Billie and Amara, I made 'em swear. The Empty's gonna pay for messing with my baby."
Dean watched Castiel and their son embrace in the center of the couch. The glass table before them was littered with bowls, books, powders, and bones from the summoning spell. It now sat cold and disregarded after serving it's purpose. Castiel was still nearly frozen solid by everything going on as Jack vibrated with joy. Dean picked himself up off of the couch with a grunt as his joints cracked. He padded over to the two in the center of the couch.
The doors of the bar slammed shut and the house vibrated before them. It rose from the ground as Sam pulled him across the lot. Dean's eyes widened as he watched the phenomenon, neck aching from Sam's manhandling. What looked like an abandoned Del Taco started to ascend from the gravel. It shuddered and rose, quaking. Black goo poured out of the wood and brick, slowly covering the entire building as the Empty claimed Chuck's prison.
Dean tightened the cuff on Chuck's wrist and pulled his arms back, releasing them hard to knock Chuck's forehead into the table in front of them.
"It's too far." Cas stopped running and moved his gun toting hand to reach for Dean's shoulders, "Let me
"I'm cooking tonight, so you guys can chill here for now. Take a shower, check out the rooms, whatever you wanna do. We can tour those restaurants tomorrow."
Jack jumped up and down with glee in his secret agent costume. Sam watched tiredly from the other end of the very long couch. The rift throbbed against the wall, golden and crackling as Billie and Amara fought for Castiel's life on the other side. Jack stopped suddenly and asked, "Can we go in the rift and watch--"
Dean shook his head, still chewing, "I'd punt that little gremlin like a football." He mimed the sound of a small flying object, whistling as his finger did a wide arch.
"The second we get what we need from that dick, he's done for. I mean it." Dean tapped his angel's chin with his thumb, "I'll hold him down, you stab. Huh, baby? Sound good?"
The nephil startled. Jack was awake again, just that quickly. Dammit. But he didn't move. Just stayed there curled up with his father, burying his face in the lapel of his coat. He didn't want to talk. The boy kept his eyes closed and breath steady.
"It's incredible." Billie tapped her nail against the table, glancing behind her at the empty bar in San Diego. She looked around the door, checking the window. "The Winchesters and Jack should have been here by now. The floors are etched, the spell is set up in the corner, the Empty is ready and waiting for our command. What's keeping them?"
He's an angel, primordial and ancient. He's a terrible monster compared to these human women. He heard Dean's words yesterday, chosing him over strangers. But, this situation is his nightmare. Castiel felt like an alien, a Martian from outer space. The angel was too cosmic and too weird and too busy trying to catch up to add anything relatable to their conversation.
Sam banged on the door one more time before he heard footsteps walking away. Dean looked Cas in the eyes, arms still around his neck, "Raincheck? On this?"
"I hate you." Sam lifted his hand, shaking three fingers at his big brother. "Three hours. I gave you and Cas
"Someone has to! It's pathetic. Angels and humans? That's so 300 BC, fellas. Haven't we moved on from that narrative?"
Dean added, "None taken. You're right. That's why we need to stop him. Chuck's so scared of the kid one-upping him, that he's willing to torch the planet so that he gets to end the story on his terms."
Sam spoke up from the backseat, "Hey, guys, get this. Metatron doesn't live at an apartment. His address is a hotel room."
"Hexing an adversary in secret?" Dean shook his head slowly as he started to smile, arms still folded across his chest, "Sam Winchester, you witchy little fucker."
"Nothing. Just relaxing." Dean said, still shifting and rubbing against Cas's pants as they moved together. Cas kissed his neck again, stubble brushing Dean's skin. Dean's breath caught in his throat as the angel's large hand wandered up his shirt. His fingers sailed up past his belly and ribs and nipples. Dean panted in his arms. Castiel whispered against his neck, kissing him warmly, "I dont think you're being honest with me, Dean."
Castiel's mouth was claiming. So rough. He was such a passionate kisser. Damn near impossible to push away. But, Dean managed to eventually.
"Aah!!" The maid screamed. Her eyes were wide with fear as she clutched her chest. She breathed heavily, "Oh, you scared me! Haha." She pulled her cart into the closet, taking a pack of bright yellow gloves from the shelf beside them. "Thank goodness you're here. A lady guest down the hall needs concierge. She went on a shopping trip and wants help with her bags."
DING DONG! The doorbell rang loudly through the hotel room. Dean shouted, raising a bloody palm, "I'll get it."
Dean jumped at the opportunity to fall into Castiel's arms, but he didn't say anything right away. Dean was insecure and ashamed of how eager he felt. Almost as if he knew he would be romantically rejected by the angel if he enjoyed it to much. Dean was convinced Castiel wouldn't feel a thing for him as they huddled close in the backseat of the Impala under the stars of rural Kansas. He could hold Dean Winchester or an old swamp slug and feel the same non-existent urge to become sexual. That thought felt like a sharp icicle stabbing at Dean's heart until it cracked. It was the only thing he could think about. Rejection. Not now, but soon. Eventually.
Sam scrolled through the computer with a wicked smile appearing on his face, "Cool, let me find their employee training sites... download the workplace operating procedures manual... keyword: uniform. Nice. We have the pants and shoes in the trunk already. Let's get that on before we hit Reno so Jack can sail on in. Then we swap shirts and head out to the floor. Five minutes."
Sam chuckled, "Things have been different with him lately. But not in a negative way, it's like I remember him now. Like my son just walked back into my life. And he's a kid."
Castiel glanced down at the boy who was now in a fetal position, having a full on tantrum about how badly he wanted to be out of the car. There is already an adult sized toddler having a meltdown and a full grown angel on the bench, Sam wouldn't fit back here. Castiel rolled his eyes. Looks like he has to step in. Castiel confessed through Jack's whining, "Unfortunately, I packed the tape in Jack's duffle. It's locked in the trunk."
"So are you." Castiel stepped out of the hug and patted Dean's left shoulder, "Well, glad I could help the both of us. Let's get packed up. Family needs us."
Sam shrugged. He started walking towards Jack at the arcade corner. "Just let me know when you're ready. I love you, bro."
Amara tapped her foot, biting her lip in consideration, "You're kidding. I mean, I have to cancel, right? It's the end of the world. No! No. I can't. How's Saturday?"
"So, I guess Cas will have to sit up front with you for the rest of the road trip, huh?" Sam chuckled, passing Dean that goofy little brother grin.
Dean took Jack's small hand in his. The boy was shivering. Dean rubbed his thumb against the back of Jack's little shaky knuckles. "It's gonna be okay. We're gonna kick it in the ass." That didn't seem to reassure the boy much, but Dean noticed a feather or two falling from his back. They'll look out for him. Cas squeezed Dean's hand on the other side, a strong and steady contrast to Jack's nerves. Dean snuck a look at him. Standing stoic in his ever-present trench, the angel's calm energy centered them all.
When he walked in, he could smell Sam all over the spellwork. Whether Chuck liked it or not, Sam was one tough witch. His spells hit harder than his fists. But he refuses to use his powerful magic for evil. What a waste. The alternate universe Sams had no problem with it, usually using his psychic powers to kill until he eventually finds The Book. Sadly this one refuses to be a villain.
By the time Jack finished his cereal, the boy was ready to get some more sleep. Dean followed Jack's contagious yawn with one of his own. Their son said good night to them through the phone, and they ended the call.
The rain poured outside, fire lighting up the road with a warm orange light. Cas nuzzled his nose into Dean's neck, kissing him right there. "Goodnight, Dean."
Sam volunteered himself easily, "I can do that. I'll get the floorplan, sneak in and hack us some maid's keys. I just gotta get an entry point and see if Charlie can help."
The angel and nephil sat down across from them at the table. Jack quickly grabbed a fork and cut into the strawberry buttermilk pancakes. They split easily, fluffy and light with a bit of syrup dripping down them. He took a big bite and tasted it. Then he looked up slowly, eyes wide as he stared at Dean.
Dean startled up, grabbing the pistol from under his pillow and aiming it. Chuck snickered softly, walking out of the shadows to the front of the bed. His arms opened wide, gesturing at the angel and human in bed together. He started to cackle. "Sure. Go ahead. Shoot. That'll go great."
Dean placed the needle on an old record from 1968, Wheatfield Soul by The Guess Who, as Cas walked back into his hotel room. Sam and Jack left for the bowling alley a few moments ago. The angel heard the thump of Jack's sneakers drag on the burgundy hall carpet when he closed the door behind them. The toddler practically jumped behind Sam all the way the the elevator. Jack was excited to learn how to bowl.
Jack wept into Castiel's coat, "He still loves me, Cas. I don't deserve it. But he really... he wants to be my dad still. Even though I... I didn't mean to hurt them and Mary. I love them. They took me in."
"Sam Winchester. The jolly green giant. I knew you wouldn't be too far away." Meta laughed, nodding at Jack. "Him, I don't know. Goodness. You look familiar. Wait a second." Meta glanced between Dean and Castiel for a moment, gasping. "Don't tell me."
"The gruff hunter falling for his angel friend -- this is not a part of my story." Chuck complained with an impatient stomp. "That is a low-budget, backwoods, indie, no-nomination waste of time. I'm writing epic villains and harrowing quests and swashbuckling, womanizing, cocky male leads. That's what sells. This scruff on scruff nonsense isn't what I wrote. Whatever's going on here..." Chuck pointed to them, "Is a little something called OOC."
"No, baby, it's an acronym. Like the letters. N. C. I. S. Stands for something. I don't know. I don't watch it." Dean complained, "Hate those procedural cop shows. There's a million episodes and they're all the goddamn same."
"He was. But since Jack is half-celestial and the ward of the angel who woke it, the Empty wanted his soul. If the Empty claimed him, we wouldn't have been able to save Jack with Lily Sunder. So, I gave it what it truly wanted. Me." Castiel sighed.
"Good. Imma bring that grigori sword you nabbed. Swing that bitch around. Give him some Heavenly Justice."
"Find anything cooler than this on the table, Dorkus?" Dean flashed the cookbook, immediately taking the chance to brag about it. Sam raised an eyebrow as Dean continued to show off the book. "Rolling Stones, Styx, Doobie Brothers. Yeah. You're seeing it."
Raising a child together in an underground bunker with a demon dungeon and enough floor space to create stable portals to Hell really brightened that decade-long torch Dean carried for Castiel. Unfortunately, Cas isn't as indirect as he is. If Cas wanted him, he would have said something by now. He wouldn't stand guard outside his bedroom door every night like a dutiful golden retriever, he would open the door and run inside. But he never did. That told Dean all he needed to know.
Castiel watched that pretty face, his hand pushing it up so he could see more of that beauty. He rubbed his thumb across Dean's soft lips, as he lay naked under Castiel's pounding hips. Castiel started calling him a bad boy. Dean seemed to like it a lot. But he was being such a good boy for Castiel right now. The best boy. The most handsome. The strongest. The smartest. The fastest. The hardest. The sexiest. The sexiest human ever created. Castiel loved him. And he was definitely gonna cum. Right now. In a pair of borrowed sweatpants.
"Positive," Sam said, slipping a key out of his pocket. He took the tiny lock that kept the latch locked shut and turned the key into it. The lock snapped free. Sam pulled it away from the box, looking up at his family, "Here goes nothin'."
The moment he landed, Jack threw him down again with a scream and an outburst of light, "That was for Auntie Rowena." Jack threw him again "And that's for my grandma!" and again "and my dads" and once more. "And that one, Chuck. Was for me."
"Unlike most deals, mine didn't come with an expiration date. The Empty said the only life it wanted me to have was a terrible one. The Empty wanted me to live in fear of it every day. And the moment I allowed myself to be happy and forgot about my deal, it would come for me."
The text came at 3:08pm. Dean, Castiel, and Jack's phones all lit up when Sam got access to the Crawford's security system. They had the camera feeds. Unfortunately, the top three floors only have hallway surveillance. So far nada. It was time for phase two.
Castiel sat beside Dean in the Impala, holding his human's hand and listening to Led Zeppelin. Sam was busy, but peaceful as he researched on his laptop. Jack was safe and sound in the backseat napping. If angels could have their own Heavens, his would be here driving down the road holding hands with Dean. The sun warmed his face. Dean's thumb rubbed the back of his hand gently.
Sam and Jack tiptoed back in the hotel suite three hours later. They closed the door quietly. Jack whispered to Sam, "Can I run in Dean's room and say goodnight?"
Several meters before the bar top table, Chuck stood frozen. He stopped walking, blinking, breathing. Chuck gritted his teeth. "Where are my powers?"
Before Dean could protest, Cas held his arms out and said, "We don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. But it seems you may be in need of your... 'baby'? Am I using that right? I don't think I am."
" Sam admitted, refusing to give anyone at the table eye contact, head bowed in shame. "I would have told you guys eventually, but I assumed Amara killed him right after I hexed him. Thought there'd be no point in bringing it up. Turns out I was wrong."
Sam started to complain at the sound of that, "Okay, no. Noooo. Hard pass. We're on our way to battle. I will not sit through
Jack exhaled shakily, feet unsteady as he pushed the breath out of his lungs. When the last bit of oxygen left the boy, Amara pulled her hand from his chest. Her nails were pink again. The Darkness clasped her hands at her chest. She surveyed the room, eyes checking every corner of the place. "Mmm. That'll do nicely."
Sam opened the incantation inside the note he scribbled in sharpie twenty minutes ago. He glanced around the circle of four, "Okay, guys. It's time. Hands."
, huh? The broken angel finally took a bite of forbidden fruit. How did it taste after craving it all these years? Like molecules? Or rainbows?" Chuck cackled out with vicious eyes. "Or, did you feel nothing and empty for hours until you felt too violated to even move?"
Dean crossed two fingers over the wheel as he drove. "Ugh. I hope it's a shitty hotel. Please let it be as disgusting and rotten and gutted and terrible as he deserves."
Castiel tilted his head as the elevator beeped with every floor it passed. They lifted above the third floor. "And?"
"Discrimination mostly." Dean started to grin widely. He'd been looking forward to this conversation between Jack and the three of them, he just didn't know it would happen so quickly nor be so closely in line with blood sacrifices. He leaned back in his chair and cackled, patting his knee and gesturing to the angel, "Cas, you wanna take this one? You got more years of experience in this field than any of us -- even though -- I mean, I was the one who brought it up earlier. This
The angel pressed his hand to Dean's chest, letting some grace seep in, whispering the whole time, "You're okay, Dean. I'm here. It's alright. You're okay. You'll be fine. You're safe. Everything is okay."
"No!" Jack sobbed and cried, sitting on his yellow transformer bed in a large green dinosaur costume. He was folding his arms and weeping. The big plush T-Rex head sagged over his hair as the nephil boy cried. "I wanna be a dinosaur."
Castiel begged. "I have to be here for him. He has no one right now. This is..." He looked back to Amara, Billie, and Chuck. "What we're asking him to do... he needs his father."
Castiel explained, "He didn't plan for it, so he considers it a continuity issue even though he gave all of us free will and the ability to change."
Dean followed them, holding Castiel's hand as he tugged his angel to the exit. He screamed to Jack while running. "You got this, kiddo! We believe in you! You can handle this!"
Sam rolled his eyes, "Alright, alright! Let's just scale back a bit. They're taking late night trips and now Dean's calling him 'baby' and... what I walked in on after my run was... let's just say, the bet's not looking too hot on my end."
"Okay. Fine. I'll go." Dean poked Cas's black cashmere sweater. "But, I get to pick the outfit. Because this looks really good."
Dean reached under and slid his fingers through Cas's. The angel let out a quiet smile as he gazed out of the window. Dean rubbed the back of his hand with his thumb before looking back at the road. He could get used to this.
Castiel said, "Good. Sam, while you're getting the camera feeds sent to us, we can survey the recreation areas. Metatron's obsessed with attention and status. If he's out and about, he's going to be using his powers to garner respect. Let's see how he interacts with the public before we strike. That way we'll know which weapons to draw first. Once we all have the feed, we check on Metatron's room two at a time."
Castiel wasn't going to eat them anyway. He asked their son. "Jack, have you finished your drawing?"
But forgiveness? From Dean Winchester? Not an easy accomplishment. Especially regarding the murder of his mother. Dean, Sam, and their father spent over 20 years tracking and killing the last supernatural creature that dared take Mary from them. Both of the boys' formative years centered around the notion that whatever kills their mother deserves to die.
Castiel stiffened at the sound of his name, looking away and tightening his fingers around the angel blade before him.
He turned in his receipts to the manager, and signed off on it. Then, he had a few prep stations to set up. Dean worked on completing his prep stations, glancing around at the sweet side of the store for a peek at that cute, cute Counter Guy.
Chuck groaned, "See? That's not a leggy blonde you want to leave at home to tidy the bunker and make you dinner while you go out and chop fang. That's not a wife, that's not children of your own, and that's not a happy ending. That's misery. Sadness."
Sam nodded as he looked at the map before him, "When all this is over, I'll teach you whatever you want, kiddo."
Dean grabbed a bag of cilantro and two tomatoes, confessing seconds later. "Fine, you're right. You happy? He did. He scared me a little. I caught a glimpse of his wings right before nirvana."
Castiel smiled softly. He stretched a hand out to the bedroom doors, closing them with his grace. The angel wrapped Dean Winchester in his arms, human kisses dancing on his neck. As Chuck's thunderstorm rained outside, they were safe and warm and holding each other. Castiel rubbed his thumb along Dean's stubbled chin, kissing his pretty pink lips once more. "It's almost five, baby. Do you want to start dinner?"
A smile burned through Dean's blushing cheeks as he ruminated over it in the car. He pushed it down before it could bloom.
"Shut up, Sam. That didn't happen." Dean marched in, tugging the angel Castiel along by a loose grip on their laced fingers. He was carrying a large duffle over one shoulder with a stony expression of determination on his face as he added, "We brought backup. Figured we could use an extra heavyweight in this prize fight."
The third time Dean poked his head around to look at the Krispy Kreme side, they locked eyes. Dean blushed and tilted his Pizza Hut hat like the southern gentleman he is. A nervous smile blossomed on his lips. Cas smiled back warmly. Then Cas pointed at the display cabinet, mouthing "Which One?"
"Sorry." Jack replied, looking up at his dad, "Do you think Sam meant it? That he's safe? What if he's lying again?"
"Cas. You said you'd listen." Dean said moodily, folding his arms over his black tee shirt. "Grate the russets."
"I didn't even get to say goodbye to her. There... there were things I wanted to say to my mother before I lost her again, Cas." Dean looked over, finally catching the angel's eyes, "There's stuff going on with me. And not lately either, like my whole life. I've been too ashamed to even talk about it, because I knew no one I loved would understand. Chances are they'd hate it -- hate me. But, as I got older and I became a parent, I realized that what I was feeling wasn't as awful as I thought it was. I wasn't bad or disgusting. I was just different."
A large black obsidian kitchen island sat in the center of the room with its own sink. Above it was a glass cabinet hanging from the ceiling with white ceramic plates, bowls, mugs, and pitchers. Dean walked through slowly, fingers trailing along the glass cabinet as he admired the rest of the kitchen. Six burner gas stove, two fridges and a freezer, an oven, a pasta arm, mixer, blender, counter space, even an air fryer.
Castiel said firmly, "No, this is different. Due to recent circumstances, I have to be a bit sad to survive. But, I will do anything to stay here. Especially now that I have a chance at a life with you. And our son. I won't give that up. I can't."
Castiel watched them leave, collapsing into the couch as Jack hugged his father. The little nephil squeezed his dad and grinned in his secret agent outfit. "Dad, they're gonna save you from the Empty!"
Chuck waved a hand, forcing them apart. Castiel's vessel flew into the wall beside the bed as Dean flew into the wall opposite him. The hunter groaned as his back his the wall, several cracking sounds coming from his ribs. Castiel cried out, "Dean!"
"Whatever." Jack said wistfully, turning to make his way toward the door. He walked slowly. The nephil paused after opening it, hovering by the door. "Please at least answer his prayer. Even if you're just gonna thank him for the sandwiches. He asked to see you. You stood him up. He would want you to apologise or he's going to get all grumpy like he did on that vampire nest case in Camden when you booked the wrong motel."
Castiel had just finished painting the last sigil when there was a sudden violent booming sound coming from the double doors. Someone was banging on it full force. Jack looked up at his fathers nervously. Dean placed his hand on Jack's shoulder, steadying him. He watched the boy's chin lift. The doors shuddered and creaked under the violent knocking. Jack shook with every brutal bang. Dean leaned down and whispered, "Trust yourself. You can do this, kid. We got the rest."
." Dean defended himself, flailing his hands around as he remembered the event that had caused Castiel's lifetime ban on half the Bunker's kitchen appliances, "Who burns Ramen noodles? I didn't even know that was possible. It's technically soup."
He'd absentmindedly pulled the panties out of his bag when Cas startled him. Dean shoved his hand back into the duffle, cheeks beet red. "Nothing!"
Jack said quietly, "I'm not gonna hurt you." He leaned into Meta on the couch sincerely, "That room is important to you. I know. But here's the deal, Chuck is trying to end the universe. All of it. Chuck has killed every other world he's created. His wrath destroyed the lives of billions. And we're the last world on his list. To stop him from killing us, we need to know where that special room is. We don't plan to ruin it, or even stay. We just need to visit. For a moment. To keep everyone safe from him. You included."
"Hey, hey, hey. Wait a second." Dean leaned forward, forehead resting on his angel's shoulder. He grabbed Cas's trenchcoat lapels and hid his blushing cheeks. "We're warriors. You can't call me that before battle. What's wrong with ya?"
"Nothing." Dean answered sadly, hanging his head and walking over to the Pizza Hut side of the store without a doughnut or a cute boy to say "hi" to him. He knows it's something small to get hung up about, but he misses his new friend Cas already. And he definitely misses those doughnuts. They tasted sweeter coming from
Castiel's head began to tilt as he watched Dean tinker around under there with fondness in his eyes. His grace flowed through him, warm and floating in his vessel. "What are you running low on?"
Dean gasped. Stammering, he tried to lie his way out of it. "K-kissing Cas? I w-wasnt kissing Cas..."
Castiel jumped up at lightning speed, tackling Dean to the bed in a rough hug. He held the human to his thick chest, squeezing him as he thanked him over and over.
"I'm taking the magic one!" Jack grabbed Sam's ball from him. Putting the bag of apple slices on the counter, Jack jumped up, racing over to the lane to throw it at the pins.
. Cas was alive. They succeeded in their mission. They made up. They were together. And they were still kissing.
"So, take these and don't bother me for two days, kay?" Amara flicked her wrist casually, four key cards appearing in her gentle hands. She smiled, "1601."
"What? I'm three, not an idiot." Jack looked back with a stern stare, "Something's different today. I feel like you guys are keeping stuff from me again." Jack had been personalizing this all day and it was written all over his face as he hugged the big ball to his chest, confessing. "I don't like that."
So, the gruff hunter rolled his eyes at the angel. Dean muttered "I guess" as he scooted over and pushed himself into Castiel's arms.
He stretched a bit, yawning as the angel spooning him from behind kissed Dean's hair. Castiel kept him safe and snuggled in, holding him tight with those strong arms. Dean said into the pillow, "Mmm. Time is it?"
Dean leaned over to the record, adjusting it so that the song started over. "I'd love to. It's easy. You're going to hear the piano and bass first. But what signals you to move is the drums. Find the drums. That's your anchor."
Castiel clicked on the TV, some basic sitcom coming to life behind Dean's back. The tinny fake laughter of a crowd filled the room. Castiel asked, "What do you think we'll find in Reno?"
Then, Sam laughed at them. It was all in good fun, Dean knows. He did the same to Sam when Eileen was over. But, Cas isn't a cute girl. He's a multidimensional wavelength shoved into Claire Novak's 40-year-old dad. Sam's laugh was genuine, but not cruel. He teases because he loves them both. Every now and then, Sam whispers the theme song to "Touched By an Angel" at Dean, cackling like a hyena as his big brother slaps at him with heavy hands.
"Oof, you had me at the Empty! I didn't know it was awake. We haven't talked in ages." Amara shrugged, "I can pencil in a coup. No problem. Meta, do I have time to overthrow my brother mid-day Friday?"
"He wants me to sit with him. Take a short drive. Park somewhere clear, so we can see the stars for a bit and talk with each other. He doesn't want to be angry. He just wants... peace. And also a hug. He's actually requesting several at the moment." Castiel rolled his eyes, "Okay, he's getting ahead of himself now. I will give five hugs maximum. Otherwise he gets greedy."
Rowena pulled him toward the left side door with their bags and books. She threw her hands out, stopping as her fingertips burst out a bright purple spark. The double doors slammed open before them, a loud clacking sound succeeding their stomping steps. Sam and Rowena ran through the opening to safety.
Suddenly the red stone flared to life, soaring out of the box and smacking Dean right in the forehead. "Ah! What the hell, Sam?!" Dean slapped his hand over his forehead as it zoomed around the room.
Baby. Dean calls him "baby" now. After their talk Castiel knew it meant love. Castiel loved him too. Dean had to know.
"Dean, respectfully, your father's not here. Anymore." Castiel said softly, keeping his words steady and honest but coated with love, "You're your own man. You have a son, now. It's up to you how you want to proceed with him. John isn't lording over your shoulder, criticising you, doubting you, telling you who to be. This is your family. That bunker is our home because you made it so. You're the head of that household. Me, Sam, Jack... at the end of the day, all of us look to you. You know we do. We trust you, because you've earned it from all of us. Now, you have to trust yourself, Righteous Man. You choose your actions. You decide your worth. This is still your life, Dean. I know the kind of father you can be. I know you love your child. I know you don't want to use your words with him, but if you want to be a family again, Jack needs to hear that before he believes you. Are you going to tell him?"
Rowena announced. "You walked over a little barrier, it seems. And all your dreams came true. You're finally the one and only Chuck Shurley. Through and through. Celebrated author, cat blogger, bisexual guitarist... human."
They swayed back and forth like wind through a blade of grass, natural and with each other. Castiel could feel Dean's heart beat from the wrists resting on the back of his neck. He's sure one to talk about nervousness. They shuffled closer. The quiet between them settled down around the room, wrapping them in the music.
Cas's shoulders were broader than Dean expected, arms stiff as a stone at his sides. That coat wasn't going anywhere without the angel's help. Cas began to move a bit, allowing the coat to fall a bit, but they struggled to work as a team. Dean moved in. Castiel looked up at him. His eyes were so pretty up close. They were this mesmerizing electric ocean that Dean just wanted to drown in.
"Mmm. That feels good." Dean smiled to himself as Cas ran his fingers through his hair, "Just a few more minutes."
"Yeah, whatever." Dean said, neck and ears getting redder by the moment, "Tell the kid that breakfast is at 8."
Dean reached over to Cas's plate, taking a fry from him. He munched on it and said to the angel. "What? They taste better when I steal em."
Castiel pressed soft kisses to Dean's neck, "If I'd known theft was the way to your heart, I would have started stealing things ages ago."
The door opened and a handful of seven college-age socialites piled into the elevator with them. They were loud and laughing, passing a bottle of champagne around. Dean gave them appraising looks as he pushed himself into the corner to give the girls space to spread out.
Castiel rubbed his palm against Dean's shoulder, "We can blame ourselves all day, Dean, but what's done is done. He's intact now. His soul is restored. There's hope again. He can grow and be better. He can save us all. But he needs to feel cared for, capable, strong. He needs his fathers. Right now. You're right. We failed him. But Billie gave us a new test. This is a chance to fix it. Do you want to fix it?"
"Hey. Hey!" Sam rolled his eyes, reaching out his hand, "Give us a room key before you lock us out, Romeo."
"And to return the favor, I have an oven fresh Pizza Hut pizza delivery for...." Dean read the note he wrote on the pizza box, "'Gorgeous Counter Guy With The Bluest Eyes I've Ever Seen'. I'm pretty sure that's you."
"Yeah, I'm fine. Leave me alone." Dean groaned. He was not alright. Dean wanted to bang his best friend. Castiel is his strongest ally, his confidante, his key strategist, his fellow soldier, his guardian angel. And here Dean is getting excited after spending the night cuddling all over him in the backseat like some lovesick tween. Dean's a complete mess. He's constantly embarrassing himself in front of Castiel.
Jack pressed his hand to his mouth, dino head flopping over his hair as he asked incredulously. "We're playing a game with secret agents and Evil Batman?! I've never even heard of Evil Batman."
"Oh, this is a nightmare..." Dean muttered under his breath before speaking up, "I know you only taste molecules, baby, but the rest of us don't. Please give me the bowl."
Dean reflexively gave the angel a look down from the ground, murmuring, "Don't you worry about me coming. I'll... I'll make you..."
Why can't he be friends with Cas without wanting to grab that cute little confused face and kiss him stupid? Probably because Castiel is a hot soldier seraphim and he's incredibly strong and has the kindest heart in the known universes. Dean is into all of that -- and men. Dean is extremely attracted to men. It's usually fun and all, flirting and hooking up and exploring pleasure with another guy. But this isn't just another guy. This is Cas. Cas is weird and aloof and gentle and sweet and he's everything to Dean. Damn if he loses him again. Dean just got him back. He refuses to chase passion for one moment. He already knows how it will go. Dean pointed toward the steering wheel, "I'm gonna head up front and start driving."
Rowena raised her hand, eyes glowing purple as she pointed them at Chuck. "I oughta take your useless prick and turn it into a venomous snake! Who said you could watch me?!"
So, Dean had decided to walk to the stove instead of saying something he might regret. He began making pancakes. He was about five pancakes in when Cas appeared silently at his shoulder with a bowl of shredded potatoes. That spooked Dean so hard he dropped the ladle. Cas laughed, "That brings back memories."
"Glad you two are set. While you and the kid get situated, me and Cas are gonna go find mine." Dean elbowed the angel out of his brother's room.
Sam sipped from his mug of coffee. There was some sort of hazelnut creamer in it that wasn't half bad. He enjoyed it, stretching his long legs under the table as he talked to his brother and his brother's boyfriend about the security at the Crawford. Jack had his side of the plan down pat already. AU!Charlie got back to them and she was available to talk Sam through sharing the security feeds. She even volunteered to get a laptop going on her end to capture the feed when Sam releases it, sending it to their phones for live access.
Dean sighed, leaning back in his chair and taking a sip of his glass, "It's the only thing." Dean let out a soft, wistful chuckle, "Isn't it absolutely fucking bonkers... that after years of begging you to stick around when I'm going through it, the time comes where you actually do, and it's the worst? I feel..."
The Empty crawled its way up over the booth, splashing its black goo all over the floor. Billie stepped back from the booth. The Empty grew and grew, rising up and casting a shadow over the bar. Death hurried to Jack's other side, taking his hand. She pushed him to the back of the chair and the three of them stood around Chuck, holding hands and sharing power. Billie cried out, "Rowena, get them out of here! They won't survive the blast! Hurry!"
Castiel placed his hand against Dean's. The human rubbed his lover's knee warmly, keeping Cas grounded through physical touch. Cas looked up at him warmly, rubbing his thumb over bruised knuckles that he had healed a hundred times. While Meta watched Sam and Jack interact, Dean and Cas huddled close together. They held hands for a long moment, just breathing in the reality of the situation. Cas's freedom was almost here. The angel said softly, "You fought for me before I could... I was just getting Jack dressed, Dean. I was on my way downstairs... I would have at least helped defend myself..."
Jack shrugged, with Sam's hand on his shoulder. "I'm back with my family now. That's what's most important. I don't fear Chuck. And I don't think I ever will."
Sam started to tease him with one of his trademarked Little Brother Smirks. "Well, well, well. Look at you. Dating again."
"And, it's not like you can take a breather outside unless you wanna be jogging buddies with the Craigslist Killer's ghost." Dean scratched his brow and leaned into his chair, grabbing his glass and taking a sip of the fifth he poured, "How's Sam?"
Sam tried to rationalize with him. "Amara said they'd be out with us. Maybe they just have to go to the Empty to make sure everything is okay."
But, Dean's not ready to talk about lingerie with the angel. He'd never understand. And, just think about poor Sam. Cas will eventually tell Dean's brother. He'd have questions and that's always the first place he goes. Oh, the bullying. It would be... catastrophic. Sam would be ruthless. He'd have leverage for life.
"Aye. They have brute strength, biceps, and empty heads. What's better than that? Besides, those bad boys do love bending over for a wee spanking whenever they get out of line. It's a dream come true, love."
"Dean?" Castiel asked in confusion as Dean suddenly ripped open the car door like he was escaping a prison cell. He had this strange, unreadable energy about him as he did so.
A few hours later, Dean came back from his sixth delivery. His pockets were heavy with tips and he was exhausted, but his shift was almost over and his tank was full of gas. He walked through the front of the store and noticed Castiel was there. Cas had his back to the front, filling the cabinet up with supplies with a pair of thick black headphones covering his ears. It looked like he was doing routine stocking. Dean walked a little slower, letting his eyes wander down his broad shoulders and strong looking arms. That rush of happiness came back. Dean bit his smile back and kept walking.
Castiel noted the positivity of the situation. His son is feeling a bit better. Still very broken up, but he knows he has the love of his parents now. The cracks and wounds in his soul have been healing bit by bit. When Jack grows to understand and love himself, he will realize that things will be okay. Until then, he has his fathers.
Dean's shoulder found its way against Castiel's as they admired Orion's Belt. The angel could map out all of Cassiopeia on the freckles on Dean's forearm. So, he did. Lifting the human's arm up and pulling at the sleeve, Castiel pointed at the sky. Dean watched with this warm content smile on his face.
Dean grunted, clearly embarrassed. "Don't make fun of me for knowing my way around a kitchen, okay? You can't even boil hot dogs."
"And I like that about you because I have no idea--" Castiel was interrupted by another kiss, "--what I'm doing."
Cas smiled up at the burly hunter and patted his waist. The angel was definitely not complaining. "Hello, Dean."
"The nephilim Jack harvested every iota of the creator's power, wings large enough to at last warm the world. Amara rose to the throne with Death at her side, bringing free will, harmony, and unity to the singular universe that remained. For the rest of eternity, Chuck Shurley stayed locked in his bar powerless and alone just as he'd locked away his first creations, his son, and his beloved sister. The. End."
"Yes! And I missed that child in him, but it has it's challenges. I mean, he looks like he's in college. I forgot how waitresses used to stare when he colored with crayons or how he used to have breakdowns over too much ketchup."
Jack started to smile as he scrubbed a plate, feathers drifting down his back, "Once again. I want the Spiderman game, Apex, Red Dead--"
The boy yawned as he pushed his feet into a pair of plain black slippers, "I'm going to the bathroom."
A maid pushed into the room with a cart full of sheets and cleaning products. Her white apron was pristine and she was humming. Castiel pulled Dean up from the floor as she hit the light.
"Forget what Chuck says. We're not just some book characters for him to own. This is our life. We make our own choices and they're not the wrong ones, they're just ours. I'm not going to apologise for needing
Sam stopped washing for a moment. He shifted his weight on his socked feet, clearing his throat. "So, uh... I'm taking Jack bowling after this. He's never played before, and I've always wanted to teach him. Seems like a good a time to."
"What, that they're going too fast? They've been doing this for eleven years." Jack explained, "I've never lived through eleven years, but I can grasp that its a long period of time. If they're cracking, it's understandable."
"I'm not judging you and I'm not saying what I did was okay. But, come on. You know Metatron. He's burned all of us before! Me, you, Cas! Tell me you wouldn't take any opportunity to be one step ahead of that guy!" Sam folded his arms, sitting back down at the table. "And it looks like knowing his location could actually do some good now, so in conclusion, you're welcome."
Jack rolled his eyes, taking another huge bite of his sandwich. More feathers fell from his back, slipping off of the covers and onto the floor.
"Cas... there's this thing all human American kids dream about every year, me and Sammy included. And it's called: summer vacation." Dean said grinning over at his angel. "In June, schools close, camps open, and kids stop stressing over work for a little while and get more time to relax.  Growing up, Sam and I never had as much time or relaxation as the other kids. Just like Jack. Always looking over corners and hiding guns under our thrift store clothes. But sometimes, we stole a few days. Even if we just found a lake somewhere or a concert to crash or a rich person's house to break into, we had the time of our lives. But never have we had the whole summer." Dean patted Cas's shoulder. "So, let's give that to Jack. Let's give him a fun summer without monsters or fighting or bad guys. Just a nice semi-wholesome family vacation. What do you think?"
Dean glanced over at Castiel and the angel looked back. That reassuring steel blue stare, that warm tanned skin, that stubble, he's always wearing that dumb coat. Castiel's firm exterior slowly melted into a gentle gaze of fondness. He was thinking sweet things too. Dean's heart beat slower. He loves him more than air. And that will never change.
A long golden rip appeared in the fabric of the universe right in front of the empty lot where the abandoned Del Taco was. The rift pulsed and throbbed. Dean and Sam ran over to it as Billie walked out of the rift with her scythe on her back, winking at them. "Sup?"
Jack pounced off the couch and pointed at his plastic earpiece, running over to Sam to show him. "Cas and I are playing Undercover. I'm a secret agent. It's like the FBI but better."
"Not long now." Castiel said regrettably, holding Dean's hand to his forehead. "But, I'm doing what I can to stretch it out. I mean it, Dean. I don't want to leave you. I don't want to leave my family. You need me."
Dean opened the fridge and his jaw dropped. It was full of food. And ingredients. He can make whatever he wanted in here. His heart thumped in anticipation. Two days. He has two days with this kitchen. Dean closed the fridge and checked the freezer. He closed it hard after a split second of having it open.
Castiel set the clothes down beside the kid, kneeling to look at his level, "Why don't you want to change out of the dino costume? Something's wrong. What's wrong?
"Call it a miracle." Jack's eyes flashed gold. He stepped off of the wall, raising two glowing hands, "I could do this all night."
"I've been alive for three years and I've never once seen him have a girlfriend. Or a date. All I see is you two in the kitchen having a staring contest after dinner."
Cas looked back at him pleadingly. "Our son needs his family's support. I'm the only one who can take the power surge, the blast, the Empty. I'll take it all. I just have to protect him."
Cas squeezed Dean's hand and let out a harsh breath, saying to the rearview mirror, "Okay. So, what do we do next?"
"I'll handle that." Dean jumped in, still rubbing his forehead, "There's a week's worth of laundry to tackle. Sam, could you jump on it?"
Grimacing, the older Winchester made his way over to the young nephil. Jack's little hands tapped as he concentrated on the game. The little Pac man sounds popped through, picking up loudly just in a concentrated area. Right outside the rain poured hard. Thunder clapped outside the window, Chuck's rage loud and constant like Michael had been in his head. But this time they were completely safe. They were under Amara's protection.
Sam, Dean, Castiel, Jack, and Meta all looked to the strong, calm deity before them. Amara announced, "With the power vested in me, Amara the god of Darkness and Billie the harbinger of Death, the angel Castiel is hearby freed." Cas pressed a hand to his chest. He felt like collapsing to the floor and worshipping at her feet. Dean held tightly onto Castiel's hand. Amara continued, booming out as the rift sealed neatly into the wall. "The chains binding his grace to the metaphysical forces of the Empty have been ground into dust and are no more. So say, I."
Castiel didn't know how to tell Jack that he couldn't rush the Winchesters for words of affirmation. Their mother created the light within their souls. The very image of her represented unconditional love, comfort, and family. And Jack took her away from them.
"Perhaps Metatron found another tablet and he's using it somehow... if so, some of our weapons may not be as effective. I just don't want to keep fighting the same battle over and over."
Dean. The guy who has enjoyed multiple threesomes, checked off every kinky experience in the book, and brazenly alphabetizes his pornography. Cas will be eaten alive. And Sam will have to give both of them eye contact tomorrow.
"You have air lifted my ass back to safety more times than I can count." Dean said, head against silk sheets with a very heavy very emotional Castiel on top of him, "Let me do this. Let me protect you, angel."
Amara checked her nails as Chuck walked into the room. "I wouldn't be too worried about anyone stabbing me. I mean, I would if I were you. But, I'm not you." Amara laughed. "And, I'd never be you. Ever."
"Yeah, no shit. That's why I rejected you." Chuck spat some blood out of his mouth, hissing darkly back at the angel. "
Dean still couldn't be bothered to read it. Those eyes had him by the heart. "Nice meeting you, Cas. I'm gonna... eat these doughnuts in the break room before I clock in."
He watched the younger Winchester leave. Jack stayed still in his arms until the door shut. When it did, the boy looked up at his father with a wet, tear stained face. Castiel patted his hair, "Your wings are going to get much bigger, little one."
Dean smirked, "You? Castiel? As a pretty girl? In a tight corset and cute vintage panties? Oh, I would
"Yeah, I get that." Dean took a sip of hot coffee and licked his upper lip, pink and sore with stubble burn. His heart thudded in his chest as he remembered how he got it and he stomped it down with a cough and a cleared throat. He just has to get through this conversation. Soon he'll have what he really wants: a chance to hold Castiel's hand as they drove down the road and watched the sun rise over the mountains. Preferably while Zeppelin rocks through the stereo. "But, that's the way it's gotta be. Backseat. At least 'till Reno."
Chuck pointed between the two of them, "This DeanCas love fest is over. Angels live upstairs, humans have the ground floor, demons own the basement. Why? Because when they mingle too much they make monsters." He strolled casually around room, pointing at the TV as a picture of their son appeared on the screen, "And we all know how they turn out. Huge. Messes. That nobody wants to clean up." A red X appeared over Jack's face and a fart sound played over the TV speakers. "I let you have your friends, guys. I get it. What's a hero without allies? But this... too far, fellas. Share a foxhole, share a backseat, sure. But, this is just wrong. Even for you, Dean. I mean, cuddling up to an angel? Making him a love interest? We get it, you have daddy issues. But if you want romance, find someone your own age."
Meta pulled out their phone from their leggings pocket, wiping Dean's blood off their finger before unlocking the screen. They typed around for a minute. "It's done."
That crafty son of a bitch is going to go through Dean's bags the second Dean falls asleep to figure out what all of this fuss was about. Screw that. Dean's carrying this secret to the grave. He could hide the panties in the bathroom somewhere, but Cas would check in here too because he's not a fucking idiot.
"Nasty bit of business, isn't she? Always comes with one hell of a downside. Turns out every spell in that book is tied to my power cuz I created all of them. Who do you think whispered into Sister Agnes's ear all those years ago? No one with black eyes." Chuck smirked, "Just shy little guy with a mop of curly hair and a smile. That nun was singing my praises in minutes. Couldn't volunteer fast enough to die over that book. Good thing too, I came up with some beautiful magic back then. Prime plot material. Lots of ways to end this marble. Hmm, I miss that thing. Where is it? Sammy's room probably. I could hear his voice all over that magic, it led me right here. Why don't I pay him a visit?"
Dean growled, hand on his chest to clutch his pearls. "Yeah! Mission accomplished, you little jerk. Gave me a damn heart attack."
Dean and Castiel raced through the dark forest of Purgatory, the human lagging behind more than he would like to admit. The ground was littered with leaves and branches and the mangled corpses of dead monsters. Stepping over it all swiftly, Castiel reached back with his free hand and grabbed Dean by his bicep, hoisting him along with his slightly superhuman speed. Dean could feed Cas's warm hand gripping him so tight he couldn't help but follow.
Cas raised his hands in reception to Dean's emotions, standing as he made his way over to the chair, "It was for Jack. When he died the first time. I caught up to him in heaven, but the Empty, that entity that I annoyed to escape death... He was coming for Jack. I couldn't let him go. If I did, our spell would have failed and we would have lost him forever."
Sam walked past Jack with the rest of the map shreds and the curse box, "Come on and help pack up the car, we gotta hit the road."
Maybe if they keep some of them, Dean will take Cas on a drive to see the stars again. Maybe he'll look into his eyes and smile that meteor smile and they could just enjoy each other in the still of the night, their family sleeping miles away. Maybe Dean will kiss his cheek again and he'll blush and he'll hold his hand. Maybe they'd spend a few hours in each other's arms again, this time laying under constellations and breathing in their air with no distractions. Nowhere to go, no one to fight, nothing to do but lay on a classic car under the moonlight and be in love. Castiel smiled to himself, feeling his grace flare with warmth at the memory.
Whoops, Dean might have prayed that. Was that weird? Probably not. They did their waiting. It's out now and they finally know. Castiel had Fallen in love with him and Dean fell back. Now, they're together. Dean closed his eyes and thought to himself:
A large thunderbolt cracked across the sky, the following lightening flash brightened the land behind Amara. Of it hadn't been clear before, it was now. Meta was right. Amara was absolute. A queen amongst paupers. Castiel gazed up at her from the couch. He stared with wonder and gratitude, bowing his head of dark curls. "Thank you.
"Yeah. There's ten." Jack said, eating chopped apple slices from a little bag as his feet swung under the chair in a pair of Air Jordans.
Sam stated, "We can't be sure of that. But if we're gonna win, we can't give up now. Plan's still in motion. We need to find Metatron. In the meantime, let's lead line the Book and keep it buried."
Jack dropped Dean's hand to walk over to Sam, he stood beside him and looked down at the map. The red stone was still tapping over Nevada. Jack looked up at Sam, practically jumping, "That was so cool! You got the room number and everything!"
Jack rested his head on Sam's shoulder. "My dads are together. I have the coolest room in the hotel. And I'm getting the Spiderman game... this is the best day ever."
"Oh, calm down. Will ya?" Dean glared at him. He peeked out of the door at Castiel. The angel was sitting on the couch, flipping through channels on the TV in the second living room. Across the way, Jack's door was open. The kid was running around the room in a pair of dinosaur pajamas, laughing hard. Two of his stuffed plushies had come to life and were chasing him around the room. There were a few feathers on the floor. Cas and Jack were safe, here, his. Dean looked back at his brother. "I mean, it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. Marryin' him. Settling down. I mean we already live together. We got a kid. You like him well enough. I dunno, maybe I'm just getting old."
Castiel said firmly. "Well, he's coming. Only the best secret agents in the world are up for the task. Billie, the destroyer. Amara, the queen bee. Sam, the witch. Dean, the muscle. Meta, the idiot. And, me. Your right hand man. We just need our golden boy to help us on our mission. Are you up for the task?"
Jack was on dish duty after breakfast. It was his favorite chore. Mainly because he is left in the kitchen alone with all of the delicious things Dean makes. Dean does something Sam calls "stress baking" so at any given time, there was a sweet sugar filled confection within reach.
Jack ran to the little games, and his fathers watched fondly before they decided to do their own exploring. Sam inspected the books on the table while Dean went to find the kitchen. Exiting the hallway to the left was a bar top table leading right to it.
Under the bar light, Amara stole a glance at Billie's shoulder as Death rested her arm on the table before her. Crushed cherry undertones blending through the rich, warm melanin gave her complexion a glow stronger than polished mahogany. She was as still and as breathing as an oak -- and just as immovable. Amara wasn't. She floated closer, drawn in by her darkness. Amara found herself pushing back the cloak just a bit more.
Chuck took several firm steps into the bar. His dress shoes clicked against the hard wood with determination. "You wish you were me. That's the only reason you're even putting me through this shit."
"Good morning, Sam. Thank you for the spell work last night." Castiel said warmly. "We struggled to modulate our voices. It won't happen again."
Dean startled, entertained but red faced. "Wow. I, um... I would love to try that French spot with you, baby. It looks so fancy in there. I've always wanted to go. But I didn't want to go alone."
"And, I love that about you." Amara waved her hand, ropes and handcuffs falling from Meta's arms as she gazed around the room, "What's this about my little brother having a hissy fit?"
Dean walked into his space, taking Cas by the sides of his face. He pressed in and kissed him, "You have nothing to worry about. I have a thing for nerdy guys with wings... and a temper." Castiel's eyes slipped closed, passion clouding his vision in the hunter's arms. Dean kissed him again, palms sliding past Cas's stubble to bury his fingers in his thick dark hair. "I choose you, angel. I'll always choose you." Dean kissed him a third time, warm and slow. "Those girls were wild and their booze was expensive. But, you..." Castiel pulled Dean in by his waist. Dean bit Cas's lower lip before deepening the kiss. "You are so fucking sexy, Daddy."
Dean walked over to the kid and wrapped his arms around him. Jack's hands went up quickly, clutching onto his dad as he pressed his face into Dean's chest. He was shaking. Dean felt the boy relax, he had been carrying a lot of tension. Dean ruffled Jack's fuzzy blond locks. "We're okay. I meant it, alright? No bad blood. Moving forward."
"I'll come back to you." Castiel leaned in and kissed him hard, hearing the four entities of power light up the air behind them like static. Dean fell into Cas's chest, kissing him back like a desperate man. His arms wrapped around the angel's neck as he pressed prayers onto his lips. Cas pulled them apart. He wiped a tear from under Dean's eye. "I'll always come back to you. Now run, my love. Run!"
Castiel tugged at the itchy collar of his concierge jacket, surveying the bowling lanes and game room. He checked the faces of the disinterested socialites and day drunk business men in moments. No Metatron. He slipped out of the room. The gym was across the lobby.
Dean looked Cas hard in the eyes, "No, that's not it. You just... have no idea. Do you? What you mean. So, you're just going to keep throwing it away. Over and over again, what be-because you need to pay for your sins, Cas, we all fucked up. Okay? And, we'll all die. But, you aren't ever a bargaining chip. You matter. I need you to say that. Now, Cas. Say it."
exhausted. He was a motionless lump of nephilim, finally escaping the confines of his pain. As the boy lay slumped and snoozing in Castiel's arms, breathing deeply and even, the door opened.
Licking a firm line in the fabric over Dean's cock, Cas closed his eyes. He breathed deeply and did it again. His tongue wetted the cloth sucking on it, but he didn't care.
Sam rolled his eyes as he dropped Jack and Cas's hands. Pulling out his phone and taking a picture of the address, Sam pleaded dryly, "Dean, stop picking fights with primordial beings."
Castiel held him through it, rocking his son as the boy finally slept with his wet cheek on his trench coat. The protector in Castiel was activated several times that day. Seeing his child cry like that hooked into him hard. His son's pain rippled through his grace like an electric current, and Castiel became Jack's home base. His safety. His one-stop station for unconditional love. Castiel didn't move an inch as the boy slept on, nor did Jack want him to. He knew his father was there to keep him safe. The angel smoothed his son's hair and whispers of calming blue grace poured through his hands. Sniffing, puffy, and congested, the nephil really tired himself out.
Dean smiled softly behind Cas. He blushed, patiently tossing a pair of handcuffs back and forth in his hands from where he stood.
His parents, on the other hand, felt differently. They'd gotten the next step from her: find a secret room. It was unbelievably cryptic. Completely on brand for her, but frustrating none the less.
Dean took Cas by the chin gently. He steered Castiel's face until he looked at him. "Cas, you always matter to me, man. Something's off--"
The Darkness glanced back to Billie, meeting Death's eye. She raised her delicate hand and snapped. A huge stack of papers fell from the ceiling and onto the booth with a satisfying thunk. After that, a bucket of multicolored crayons landed beside it. Billie chuckled. "You're giving him crayons?"
Jack nodded, pointing to the short stack everyone had on their own respective plates, "They're delicious."
Cas looked back into Dean's eyes softly, patting his cheek back. He walked into Dean's space like he was approaching a feral cat. He got closer and closer. And, Dean stayed still. No way. Absolutely no way this is happening. Their shoes tapped together, and Castiel pulled Dean in by the flannel, bringing their lips to a gentle touch. He kissed him once, tenderly. Twice. A third. By that one, Dean had melted. His hands buried in that stupid fucking coat as he kissed him back. His lips were warm, his stubble was scratchy. Cas murmured quietly, "Dean... I love... I've loved you..." Dean's arms wound around Cas's shoulders as the angel pulled him in closer by his waist. They kissed again and again, Dean's heart clamoring in his chest. The only thing playing in Dean's mind was in inner monologue of Castiel's name on repeat. He never wanted to let him go. This moment was perfect.
Castiel's sexual energy poured from him as he shook his head, keeping his eyes locked on Dean's face. "I don't want to 'chill'. I want
"Yes, sir!" The hunter scrambled to obey the order. He rushed through the bedroom, socked feet racing over the carpet until he reached the edge of the bed. He sat down on the black silk sheets and smiled to himself. They screwed all morning, but it's been a couple hours and he's had breakfast, so he's down to go again. Dean looked up at Cas with big green eyes, awaiting his next demand.
Sam butted in, "Guys, come on. I get that you two are honeymooning or whatever, but this is the end of the world. We need to see some hustle--"
Dean let out a shy smile, taking the room cards from Amara. He cleared his throat, "Ahem. Thank you, Amara. That means a lot."
"Something. Smells. Awesome." Sam bounded into the kitchen, steps loud and big as he took up space in the room. The hunter admired the table and walked up to it with hunger in his eyes. He'd thankfully showered. He smelled nice. Dean let out a sniff. Hmm. Dean glared his patented big brother glare. Probably missed that spot behind his ears. He always does.
The Winchesters leaned out of the car, asking him where he was going. The nephil boy ran and ran. His little SpongeBob battle jammies flapped around his ankles as he raced to the room. As soon as he reached the door, Cas appeared holding a duffle bag. Jack stopped him.
Cas cocked his head to the side in confusion, still just as feathered and literal as he's ever been. Dean's heart bumped against his chest wall as he cleared his throat. His head was bowed to hide his blush as he shuffled up from the dirty ground.
"Some people find the predictably of formulas comforting." Castiel replied, "And you called me 'baby' again. I know I shouldn't be offended by this, but why? What do you mean?"
"Negotiating with me?" Sam started to smile, shaking his hand to seal the bet in Dodge City, KS. "That's my boy."
This Castiel was unlike the others Chuck made too. This angel has been loyal to Dean Winchester's every command for the last twelve years. Uncanny. Chuck peered at Cas with confusion and disappointment, feeling the angel look back at him with a clenched jaw. He knew it was only a matter of time before Cas lost his senses and confessed
Sam smiled a friendly smile, putting on his award winning puppy eyes. "Hi. I'm a trainee from marketing. They sent me over. Said I could borrow a computer to do some of my onlines. Is that cool?"
They all continued to search while Sam snuck into the back offices behind the front desk. Behind that was a long burgundy carpeted hallway with a series of rooms along the walls. Each room had a label: private offices, human resources, marketing, sales admin, business operations, and so on. Sam walked casually into the business operations office, finding a desk in the front and several computers behind it. Some were taken, others were free. He leaned down a bit and winked at the pretty lady with soft blonde curls sitting up front. She had on a red cardigan over her button up and a no nonsense brow. She reminded him of Eileen.
Chuck nodded at the screen. "All that chaos. All that rage and entitlement. You took my job. You wanted change, and you demanded your way, and started a war because you wanted the throne all to yourself. Power-hungry little twit. Then, you got in too deep. Had your back against a couple thousand walls while standing across the most powerful adversaries you've ever had." Chuck laughed, "And, just like that, sweet little heart of gold Castiel went dark. You started working with a demon! You took in more power than you could handle! You ended Raphael by simply wishing him dead! And then you went to Heaven and started killing as many angels as you could find. You were such a beautiful monster, all twisted pride and bloodlust. But, you hated yourself. I never really got why. Then you crawled back to your boy toy, and he made you give up the souls. Shame. I wanted to see a supernova. And, all I got was stupid leviathans.
So, Dean isn't asleep. Castiel grew anxious. He didn't want to grab the doorknob, but he was already pushing himself into the room with barely a moment's notice. He shuffled in, shutting the door behind him quietly.
"..." Dean watched as the man stared into his eyes with unfounded belligerent intensity. So, Dean stared back. This counter guy is not like other counter guys. He had a name tag, but Dean couldn't look away from his eyes to get a read on it. "I, uh.... I am. Far from home."
"No, I... it's 'iconic'." Castiel blinked again. When did he start talking about music? Actually, the real question is how long was Cas staring at Dean's butt? That has to be a new record.
Cas couldn't move quite so swiftly. He was still at his knees at Jack's side, weeping and clutching the boy's small hand to his forehead. The cemetery was covered in big splotches of dark ash, left from the decimated ghosts that followed Castiel's wail of grief. He cried out with his true voice. Hadn't in ages, and the power behind that screeching wavelength of terror bellowed out of his chest as he laid every twisted soul in their midst to waste. His eyes flashed blue, the earth shook beneath them, and his scream echoed through the land like a destructive wind. Amara would have been proud. Every monster before them ceased to exist.
"I said." Chuck lowered his chin for a second, wringing his hands at his sides. "Where. Are. My. Fucking. Powers."
Amara tapped her fingernail against her glass, "I may have banished him from Reno, but he's still the creator of this world. He has some influence over the environment. Desert or not, when he's pissed at me he makes it rain. Right here. For days. Probably knows we're chatting."
Meta blinked slowly. They looked up at Jack, eyes mimicking his golden glow as they confessed, "San Diego, California. Halfway down a little hidden back road called Subductisupercilicarptor Avenue. There's an abandoned Del Taco beside an old apartment complex. Our Haven is there."
to eat them for Billie. But the snacks Dean baked? All of the pies and cakes and cookies Dean produced in his stress? It was the only time he remembered feeling anything. Not emotion, but satisfaction. Choice. Freedom.
landed yourself back there by using witchcraft that alerted our arch nemesis of our every friggin move. So, all of this is completely justified." Dean pointed at his brother with an accusatorial finger. "The three of you on one bench is a tight squeeze. It's only practical that Cas would ride shotgun."
Dean started to feel self conscious, blushing as he started to ramble. "So, if you want to set up shop in the Bunker again, we could be a bit closer than we were before. If you're down to see how that goes, of course."
"You're Lucifer's famous nephil?" Meta stared up at Jack, "Boy, kid, you sure take after your father. Look at the wings on you... no wonder Chuck is scared."
So, now, he's back. And broken. Barely alive, but tasked with killing his grandfather. And he still can't get the taste of raw hearts out of his mouth. Even now.
Death. You do not get to choose how I appear. I was loyal to no one but the circle of life and Chuck because that was my purpose. But, when I became Death, I was freed from his manuscripts and I started reading everything he had planned in his little books. I have a new library now. A better one. Today, Amara, I stand here as an ally." Billie said sternly. "You're not the only one that came around."
Jack ran to Castiel. He checked on him, grabbing his shoulder. "Yeah, Dad. I'm fine. Chuck's gone. For now."
"Nothing. It's just... Dean and Cas are in there fixing the car. Alone." Sam said, folding his arms over his chest. "Now that you're back home safe, and we have a real shot against Chuck, and they've made up... something might happen. You know? Between them. And when it does, we'll be here. Happy for em. Supportive. From several doors down the hall, so that we don't see or hear anything that would scar us for life."
There was a long silence in the room. She surveyed the bounty of breakfast foods they had just began to enjoy. Her face was stony and still, an unreadable expression upon it. Billie pointed at the center of the table toward a heaping stack balancing on a plate.
"You'll know when you need to." Billie answered cryptically, pocketing a feather into her leather jacket, "In the meantime, there's something else I need from you."
That's how Castiel ended up in the middle of a wheat field, on top of the Impala's hood, gazing at the stars beside the Righteous Man.
Sam and Dean felt only a crumb of relief, staring back at the rip in the world for the other half of their family. They didn't seem to be coming. Dean spoke up, "Wh-what about--"
Castiel shuffled in, Dean following him. When the door closed, it left them inside alone. Dean started to chuckle to himself. "Aw, shit."
Castiel looked over at the woman in distress again. She was very pretty. Those yoga pants looked damn near painted on. Cas felt that ripping feeling again. Jealousy. That woman can figure her First World Problem out on her own. She shouldn't have overspent. "No. One should only buy what they can carry."
"A little late for that." Castiel grabbed Chuck by his collar and dragged him up to his face. "I don't care if you have to spit my name out every time you say it. I don't mind the mockery. I see how you look down your nose at me. At the way I live my life and the way I love humans. Your opinion means nothing. My feelings won't change."
Sam started to laugh, "Cuz you stuck your face over a curse box like an idiot." The younger hunter closed the box, locking it back up, "Looks like we got time. What do you guys want to get up to today?"
crackled out as the needle scratched out a steady 60's bass. Cas closed the double doors behind Dean's bedroom, carrying two tumblers with a fifth of whiskey in each. The hunter gave Castiel a look of confusion as he handed him a glass. He took a sniff and a small sip, eyes widening. "Holy shit. Is this Blue label Johnnie Walker? Melted butter isn't even this smooth."
Castiel nodded, carrying the bags into the room. As soon as he entered the hotel room he felt it. The warding. It wasn't in the hall. But it was somewhere. Waiting to choke him. Who is she? Not an assistant, that's for sure. Dean backed out of the closet with free hands, he took the bags from Cas and put them in the closet with his, "What's wrong?"
Sam helped receive the hunters coming through the bunker as they poured in throughout the day, desperate for some direction in a world that remained dark well into the morning. They'd asked each hunter to bring their arsenal, enough clothes for at least a month, and their families, if they could. The bunker was more than big enough to accommodate everyone.
Castiel allowed it, the stubble on his chin grazing Dean's ear as they talked quietly in the backseat of the Impala. Dean blushed in the darkness and leaned in closer. So, Cas held on tighter. The deep rolling timber of Castiel's voice in his ear relaxed the hunter, his arms keeping Dean close and safe.
Chuck continued to seethe mercilessly. "I'm in your heads, I made your life! I'm the reason you even want the things you want. You drink because I made you hate yourself, Dean! You study monsters like a coked up Harvard student because I gave you 24/7 round-the-clock fear, Sam! You two want a son so badly because I made sure John treated you boys like shit! You can't kill me. I am you."
Dean slammed his fist on the table, "How are we supposed to find a place that no one's ever friggin been to?"
Dean wasn't ready for Jack to be in his house after what they'd been through, but he also wasn't ready to lose Castiel. He played that devil-may-care attitude, but Jack knew it was a lie. He made his decision already, choosing to trust Cas's decisions and letting the angel make moves for their family. He cooked out his frustration in the kitchen. Soulless, Jack couldn't care less why Dean baked so much. Now, it's a different story.
Castiel walked out of Dean's bedroom in the same sweater and pants he wore to dinner. Nothing looked out of place, but his hair was a bit messier. He closed the door behind him and went to the kitchen, pouring a glass of water from the sink, "Hello, Sam. Jack."
Sam set it on the kitchen table, patting the lead lid, "It's been so long. Haven't opened this since before Jack was born."
for thousands of years and created a soul bomb big enough to destroy me when I resurfaced. If Lucifer hadn't spread me to Cain for shits and giggles, I wouldn't even be here right now. I don't trust her."
"Cuz, I'm smart." Jack grinned, carrying Sam's huge bowling ball over to the lane in his little arms.
"Sheesh, alright let's go." Dean pulled himself up, grumbling at Cas as he was well on his way to a finely timed flirt. Castiel took his hand and they took off, racing together to the portal. The portal was getting skinnier and skinnier by the second. Dean looked down at it as they hurried. He spared a glance to Castiel's face and saw it was stony and determined. The angel only had one goal in mind:
Jack added, "Is that so? How caught up is she on her brother's plot to unmake humanity? Casting him out of Reno might be good for her short term reality, but since he's been gone, worlds have died. Amara may save you from the upcoming blast, but if he succeeds in destroying all worlds, how happy a life would you have without people to subjugate? Yes, you would live. But without constant narcissistic supply, why bother?"
Dean drummed against the wheel to the electric guitar as they drove through the I-70 Kansas turnpike in the sun. Sam popped the windows down, the warm day time wind blowing through the car. They tapped on the dashboard and their knees, hitting every lyric in most exaggerated ways they could.
"Yeah, I know. You always are. Dig in, Sasquatch." Dean chuckled, heading over to the table to have a seat beside his brother, "I got Cas to squeeze some orange juice for us and it is ridiculously pulpy. You
"Uh... hi." Meta tried to wiggle a few couch cushions away unsuccessfully. "...antichrist, what's up?"
Sometimes Dean tests Cas. He fishes for something and then he snatches his pole out of the water just when Cas is ready to bite. It's diabolical. It's awful. It's downright evil. Why is he in such a mood?
Dean added, "And locker rooms would be on the ground floor, so Jack could snag us a couple uniforms and we blend."
Castiel leaned into Dean, letting the hunter wrap his arm around his shoulders as he sat up close beside him. "Mate? I thought we'd do the boyfriend thing first, but we can start there I guess."
"No, let's get it all out there so we never have to talk about this again." Rowena said with large dramatic eyes, clutching her pearls as she swooned.
Cas didn't care about coolant or engines or gaskets. He just knows when something is broken and needs fixing. Dean cares. He loves cars and reconstructing and restoring and fine tuning. He has an eye for mechanics and engineering, a mind that can take things apart and then put them back together again piece by piece.
Chuck whimpered as Dean crammed his little ass into the chair, "W-we don't need Jack. Don't call him over..."
Dean remembers stuffing them deep down in his bag, hoping he might have a few seconds of free time during the hunt. This would undoubtedly be a three or even four day trip away from home, Dean had to have something hot to look forward to.
Castiel shrugged his shoulders. The curtain opened slowly, a series of mahogany slats. They pushed apart with mechanics revealing a floor to ceiling window the size of the wall. Dean walked over to the window while it opened, the angel close at his heels. They looked out of it together. The thunderstorm raged on, loud and violent outside. "Our suite is in the corner, so, I guess there is a lot more window space." The sky cried above them, rain smacking the glass as the road blinked with light sixteen floors beneath them.
sorry. And..." Dean leaned over to Castiel's lips, kissing them softly. "You. God, you, Cas... what I want... how I feel... it's strong and scary and intense and erotic and it's not going anywhere. I can't drink it away. I can't scream, or screw, or kill it away. And I don't want it to anymore. I haven't in years. You make everything worth it even when there's nothing left. You're worth it. You're worth all of it.
"No. Absolutely not you." Castiel shook his head disapprovingly at Dean. "Jack, come back to Sam and I in twelve years."
"So annoying." Jack muttered into Castiel's coat, gold tipped feathers falling from his sweater. He pushed Cas's chest as he stepped out of the hug, "You're not off the hook. Talk to Dean."
Human emotions bled into Castiel years ago, but jealousy always felt so ugly and unclean. Yet, here he is a slave to it.
Castiel answered, "I think of sex quite differently than you do, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. We just have to communicate more."
"Oxygen! Cas! Superstrength!" Dean gasped out, lungs constricted by the hug. He wrapped his arms around the angel's back, gripping the sweater as they held each other. The angel loosened up eventually. "Sorry, Dean."
. His smile was wide and bright, and it made everything in the room feel lighter. He's clearly doing something right. So, Castiel continued showing the sweets, hoping his good customer service would yield him more face time with the handsome pizza man.
Now, normally laying down felt pretty good, but laying with his head on Castiel's lap felt better. The angel had immediately made the decision to play with Dean's hair. While he slept, Cas continued, fingers tangling and petting quietly as the rain tapped against the windows. Dean could feel that large, otherworldly presence of the angel in the car. Even in his sleep he knew that Cas was wide awake and waiting patiently. Probably staring. Castiel sat firm as a rock. Like a stable wall of protection.
Dean's hand traveled up to Castiel's cute messy hair, fingers playing in the curls at the base of his neck as he kissed Cas back. Wow, he's kissing Cas back. Cas kissed him first. And, he's like... really good at it. Maybe Dean should slip him some tongue. Nah. That's too much. Right? Oop. Apparently not. Wow, Cas. Okay. Alright. Dean grabbed Cas's face and really started to give it to him.
Rowena grinned. She flipped some of her long red curls over her shoulder and lifted her chin. "Yes, it is. You're looking at the reigning Queen of Hell."
The whole room shook from underneath them like an earthquake. There was a series of loud cracking sounds screaming from the floor, feeling like the building had lifted from the ground. Billie, Amara, and Rowena all seemed to see that coming. They stood steady and upright, unbothered by the shake. Unfortunately, everyone else was knocked on their asses. Jack lay sprawled out on the floor. His head popped up with a big laugh, "That was fun!" Jack's eyes were glowing a bright gold. The toddler patted his chest and looked down at it, feeling something under his hand. He gazed up at Amara with surprise. "Whoa. I can feel it."
Castiel smiled widely, "I'm sure they'd find you absolutely terrifying in your Jayhawks apron. And matching oven mitts."
These girls are pretty, successful, human, from Dean's world. They bonded with him in an instant. Sure, they were just strangers in an elevator. Sure, their interaction with his human lover was small and meaningless, but Castiel still wanted to push himself between Dean and the girls. He wanted to yell and posture and peacock and do whatever he could to make sure they knew Dean was his.
Castiel added, "Maybe we could take a drive after, find a quiet place to sit. We could talk there. Enjoy each other's company."
The Darkness had left a brand new wardrobe in everyone's hotel room. After showering off the day, the Winchesters changed into something different. Jack found an oversized green zip up onesie costume with a yellow belly, glitter cartoon scales, and a huge plush dinosaur head on the hoodie. It had yellow spikes down the back of the dino head, all the way down the very large tail that trailed on the ground behind him. When Cas asked him to take it off for dinner, Jack screamed and cried until the angel left him alone. Sam found drawers full of soft tee shirts and thick fresh new flannels. New jeans hugged his waist and actually fit without a belt. The legs fit too, a perfect length for the first time. No seams floating above his ankles or drooping over his shoes.
"Yeah!" Jack bounced all the way over to the door, racing past them. He had a little excess energy left inside him from being cooped up in the car all day.
The Darkness pulled away from the hug. "Crowley hired demons to find and kill you. He wasn't an ally. You ran to him because you were more afraid of me than you were of him. You ran because you loved him. You wanted to be with him if the world was ending the way I showed you it would."
Castiel reached behind his head and pulled the sweater over his dark curls, placing it on the bed beside them. Dean let out a long, deep breath. He patted and smoothed and squeezed at Cas's arms. His hands felt so warm and safe on Cas's skin. Castiel closed his eyes as Dean felt him, surrendering to the emotions inside of him. No words seemed to be coming out of the man. He moved onto Castiel's chest, leaning up to kiss the freckle beside one of his nipples. He was excruciatingly gentle. Dean's lips trailed up his neck. He wrapped his arms around his angel's shoulders kissing him soundly on the lips. Dean looked at his chest again, hips picking up a pace on his thigh. He panted out, "You're... whoa... mmm... hot angel... so hot..."
She put her hands on her hips, pacing around the carpet. "Here's a hint. I'm driven, I'm adorable, I'm an incredible writer. And one fine Sunday, you and I kicked all the angels out of church together. Then you broke me out of jail, so I didn't have to do time. Sound familiar?"
And with that, he was gone. Castiel looked around the room at all of the scattered feathers, dipping to his knees to pick them up by the handful after his son practically slammed the door behind him. One, two, seven, fifteen, twenty two, thirty six, thirty seven, thirty eight, thirty nine feathers. Castiel pulled open an unused drawer in Jack's dresser and dumped the feathers in. They'll deal with that later. Best keep those in the house. Any number of witches, demons, and beasties out there would kill for an archangelic nephilim feather. He shudders to think what spells they'd cast with it.
Sam had patted Jack's shoulder with a large hand and said, "They refuse to talk about it. But basically. They'd been through Hell together and while they were in war, they really saw each other. Things got emotional between them. They got close. Fast. Cas sacrificed himself big to protect Dean and me. Then, he lost his wings and his home. He cut himself off from his family just to be with Dean -- to follow him and fight with him. But things just kept breaking down around us and all we could do was keep saving the world over and over. I don't know. They decided they were going to stay friends and keep their hearts out of it to keep focus. When? Why? I couldn't tell ya. After that their feelings didn't really go anywhere they just... got bigger and quieter. It's just... it's messy now."
be together. It ruins everything!" Then, he turned back to Cas. "You don't need him. You, alone, dug yourself out of poverty. You started fighting for yourself -- for Heaven. You defeated Metatron. Your place in The Host was finally restored because you did the work to earn it. Hannah was ready to lead, she was ready to love you. That was the almighty plan. But, then, Dean got killed. And, the Mark took him over. And, he
Dean stood sharply and pushed Cas by the shoulder, "You can't do this to me! After all of this you can't do this to me! You're saying you sold your life for our kid, and he just ended up dead any way, and now your neck is on the chopping block! The planet is roasting! And, I can't lose you, Cas! I won't lose you! I did it too many times, and I'm not fucking doing it again, Cas!"
Dean showed Jack kindness and hunted with more purpose, but through it all, Dean stared at Cas. And Cas stared back. From across the room, in the rearview mirror of the Impala, over a mug of coffee, standing, walking, breathing. If they were in the same room, it's like they had to. And Dean would get this soft smile on his lips, but he would never look away. Dean had gotten something precious back. Jack could see Dean's world had sun in it again. Dean was laughing, smiling, hugging Cas whenever he could. They'd talk quietly together in the library or run to the kitchen to have coffee with each other. It was like they were stealing a few minutes of joy with each other and in the smallest ways they could. They were incredibly devoted to their missions -- a duty bound pair. They were always focused on a joint goal, but underneath it was something magnetic that bound them together for eternity. No matter what life throws at them, these two refuse to give up on each other. Why?
Amara reached into Death's cloak and lifted Billie's chin with a gentle fingertip looking into her deep brown eyes. The two powerful creatures spoke silently for a moment. Then Amara stated simply. "You've been busy. I'm impressed."
He stormed past the aisle of cars. Chevrolet, Cadillac, Chrysler, Dodge. Firetruck reds, jet blacks, midnight blues. All makes and models on display for men who died years ago. Most of these cars would take months of repair before they could hit the asphalt. They'd been sitting untouched for so long that restoring them to their former glory would have to be a passion project -- each one expensive and time consuming. Dean said he would just start with one car, but he'd have too much fun and have to finish them all. Besides, restoring cars in between hunts was too physically taxing on his back and hands. He said he'd have to pick between the hobby and his job. No contest apparently. As long as he can save lives, the cars will have to wait.
Dean noticed Cas's expression change, peering closer, wishing he knew more about him. Wishing they could talk right now.
. There was lace and a soft trim. Flowers were sewn all over them with a delicate embroidery. The orgasms Dean has given himself in these have been absolutely criminal.
"Good morning, child." Amara waved at Jack, coffin shaped acrylic nails now hot pink to match her morning robe. She sat on the long leather couch, an absolute vision in her thick tulle pink robe with long, fabulous sleeves lined in matching fur. The entire bottom length of her robe was lined in bright fur as well, floating above the expensive carpet. Her spaghetti strapped black silk nightgown hung from her delicate shoulders under the robe, brown hair falling perfectly down her back as she sipped an espresso.
Jack felt sick thinking about the pain he caused his parents. But Dean and Castiel had a long talk with him last night -- a real conversation -- and the two agreed they were Team Jack. Having the love of his family meant the world to him, and acceptance from Dean made his soul feel so bright and happy. Jack felt something fall down the back of his robe. That would be his feathers. Great. There are more every hour. How many would fall until he's done growing?
"Huh?" Dean gasped for breath at the flatness of the question. He looked up and saw Castiel's firm blue eyes pointed directly at him. He wanted an answer to that. Dean's fist clenched tight and shot up out of the duffle bag. He scratched the hand behind the back of his neck, considerably much redder in the face than he had been moments ago. "Uh, yeah! I'm fine."
The TV brightened up the room, showing an image of a stained glass window. The window was painted inside of a church, colored to look like Castiel. That was from a time when the angel stole souls from Purgatory and went nuclear on Heaven. Many humans died in the crossfire. They weren't all decent people, but still. It was the darkest time of Castiel's life.
Jack sniffed a bit and Dean felt his shirt getting a little damp. Uh oh. Not again. He's not good with waterworks.
Dean smiled, "That's the best thing about sex. If you follow those two rules, there's no wrong way to fuck. We don't even have to cum. Even if you get bored after twenty minutes of it and I go to the kitchen to make a sandwich, it doesn't matter, it's still sex. We do what we want with the goal of being intimate and you're done with it when when you're done with it. We communicate. Talk. And you can just put my hand somewhere if you want it there. Push me a little, get rough, get greedy. I can handle it. If you want me to do something, just ask. And if I want something, I'll ask. This making sense?"
Dean ran his hand up the angel's firm chest, eyes a little hazy as he took in the look. "If you dressed like this every day, I'd never stop kissing you."
Castiel glared at Metatron with utter disdain. He folded his arms over his concierge jacket, standing firmly beside Dean in Amara's oversized hotel room in Reno.
A teardrop fell into his jeans, the heat and warmth hitting his leg. He blinked slowly, wetness sticking to his lashes as he said thickly, "Wait, wait. Cas. You did... you made... how... how long do you have? When... when will you..."
Castiel offered, "Are you sure you're really alright? If I go, and you truly need me... I wouldn't forgive myself."
Castiel moaned deeply, feeling that heat flare up inside of him as he imagined what that might be like. A red faced, bashful, begging, well-spanked Dean trusting Cas enough to restrain him is absolutely mouth watering. Cas nodded at Dean's words. His hand kept going in his sweatpants as he panted out, "Mmm. Tell me everything about that."
Dean woke at sunrise. His eyes cracked open as he blinked with a big yawn, the rising sun hot in his eyes. There was a hand in his hair. A big hand. It was thick and manly. Familiar. Warm and healing. Strong fingers massaged his scalp gently, smoothing and twining through his dirty blond locks.
"For years, I was obsessed. I don't know why. I just couldn't stop myself. No book I read felt like something he'd write. No one's words were enough. No one's worlds were as beautiful." Meta laughed bitterly. "I tried to be him -- to write like him and I failed. Because I'm not a god. I'm a secretary. For some reason, when Amara rose and he feared her, he called on me despite my transgressions. He told me he needed me. Thought he meant I was someone worth living for. I gave him the best I could and then he just left again. He used me -- broke my heart. Turns out I never mattered to him.
The Lawrence, Kansas location was sad to see him go. But, Dean's younger brother got accepted to an out of state school. Bless his heart, he's decided to help the kid rent a house off campus. Which means, he's moving too. His manager signed the transfer form to a California location with a deep sigh of regret, handing the papers back to Dean, "We're gonna miss you here."
"Then, you and me can take the studio guest house in the backyard. We'd get our own space, our own kitchen, our own shower, and one big bed." He leaned in and kissed Cas's again. "So we can be as close as we like. As much as we like. As loud as we like." Dean curled his finger into Cas's tee shirt collar, tugging him closer as he continued. "But, just so you know, Vacation Dean is a little different from Ordinary Dean."
Dean waved Cas over to the coffee pot on the other side of the kitchen. It sat warm and ready, maybe half a cup of java inside. "Yeah, a little."
Castiel kissed Dean's chest, "With pleasure. You've been quite bad lately. And all bad boys deserve a little punishment."
Castiel replied, "I have a lot to atone for in life. And, the Empty will make sure I pay for that. Possibly sooner rather than later. And, I should have... I should have spoken up. About so many things, there's so much I kept in, and being met with the brevity of life, the death of my son, the death of this world, Dean. I keep putting things off for time we no longer have. I could lose you tomorrow, and I know I won't survive that."
Jack was speechless. He looked at his dads waving his hands around at the everything. The bed, the telescope, the toys, the books. After failing at making words come out, Jack walked over to the Transformers bed and fell down face first on it. "It's perfect."
Those moments are so rare, but they're real to Cas. They do happen, these moments. They exist scattered along their history. Nights where emotions were running high and Dean needed to feel
The hunter waved to Jack with his phone out. "I'm gonna get this on video for your dads! They're going to want to see this. Because they're busy... uh,
What Castiel uses grace to heal, Dean sews together with his hands. That concept will always be foreign to Cas. But it's beautiful in its own way.
Dean shrugged, "Alright, alright. I'll be patient. It's looking cool though. I don't know how or why you can make a crayon do that. It's pretty damn metal."
Dean grinned, "Say whatever to me, man, I won't judge. I mean, I've said some shit to knock you back on your heels. I tried to kill our kid in front of you and your soul is promised to some dark entity in a dead angel universe. How much crazier can it get?"
"Oh, please, I built that place on my lunch break. It wasn't personal, okay? You still got to see him." Chuck stomped his feet. "For Pete's sake, you were barely keeping yourself from kissing him when he was superpowered. If you were the one who got to teach him how to shave and dress, you would have nailed him mid-lesson. Unlike you, I had to keep his eyes on the prize. I needed him focused. Heaven needed him focused. Where would we be if Cas abandoned his duties when we needed him most?"
"I'm not broken." Cas repeated as he bent down to Chuck's bowed head. The powerless diety spat out more blood. Cas raised his chin as he looked into Chuck's eyes. "I'm different. Sure, I've never needed or desired or craved anything from any vessel. But, I Fell for Dean's soul years ago. When I was certain I couldn't give him everything he wanted in a partner, he loved me anyway. The way I needed him to. He connected with me. On every other level but the physical. Every day. Even if I hadn't felt anything when I gave him my body, it wouldn't change how I feel about myself. I'm not broken. I'm demisexual. Loving him didn't break me or fix me, it just showed me who I was."
Castiel's chin raised in pride as he began to preen under the praise, "I thought you were calling me an infant all this time. Referring to me as a naive bratty child. This is much better."
The fireplace roared to life after Castiel pressed a button. The angel jumped, pressing it again to turn it off. "No." He pressed another button, the lights brightening and then dimming. "There's a chair here that's quite comfortable if you'd like me to stay and watch over you tonight." Castiel pressed another button and a loud thumping unlocking sound clicked.
Castiel glanced over at Billie to see her waving her scythe. They had to go. The next part of the plan was coming into fruition. The angel reached forward and tapped Dean's wrist. Dean stepped back to the bar with the angel and Billie. Jack continued to burn the iron as Amara floated over to Chuck's table, sitting on top of it and facing her brother. "It's all over, bruh. There's only one book I'm into this season, and I'll give you a hint... it's a New York Times bestseller."
"Fine, Dean." Castiel lowered his chin, swearing to his human in a flat tone, "I will do exactly what you tell me to do with no complaints. I'll let you watch until completion, or at least until you're satisfied. We're both quite good with our hands, so as long as we do it together, I'll make sure we finish."
"We have to do this again, sometime soon." Billie said simply, watching casually as Amara played with the scythe. "I could make that thing cry for sport."
