Steve hummed. “How about college. Did you and Rhodes find a good dorm?”
of them—smiling at him like he was missing something that was in plain sight.
How could he possibly stand next to his coffin?
“You alright?” Steve asked.
“Sorry about that,” Tony added quietly after a moment. “I wasn’t thinking.”
It was devastating.
“Well, g’night,” Tony announced, and at Rhodey’s irritated stare, he added, “What? If Obi’s comin’ over in a week, I need to get the damn bot finished. No bot, no PhD, and I won’t fucking leave this place without it.”
He tried tossing Steve a dry grin, but he figured that was lost in the darkness, too. They’d just stepped into the basement before the building had suddenly collapsed in on itself, which means they had still been fairly close to the building’s entrance and all in all, it didn’t look all that bad. The others did have their location and would find them in three to five hours, maximum. The room might’ve been small but there should be at least air for about ten hours, assuming there wasn’t any air supply.
“We might not agree on this,” Steve said against Tony’s mouth. He traced a finger along his lips. “We don’t always. But we’ll find a way.”
“Fuck, I completely forgot how good you are at sex.”
Tony nodded and closed his faceplate. There would be enough time to deal with this. Enough time to get over the fact that there was a time and place in the universe where Steve had wanted to marry him.
Sam handed Bruce a bottle of peroxide and a few strips of gauze from his first aid kit—before he wordlessly shoved an instant cold pack in Steve’s direction. Steve took it with a curt nod and a visible flush on his cheeks, but eventually pressed it to the back of his still-bruised hand.
Steve blinked. “So… What, you don’t trust me?”
“He doesn’t deserve to be saved,” Iron Man’s hard robotic voice snapped.
“Ultron?” Steve asked, feeling worry creeping up his spine, which was confirmed when Bucky nodded.
Steve frowned. “You had that towel over your face, how did you even—”
Bucky didn’t hesitate. “I understand.”
“But he has you.”
Tony nodded, watching the movement of his hand as it skimmed down the side of Steve’s rib cage. “I know you don’t… I know you won’t come back for a while.” His Adam’s apple quivered as he swallowed hard. “But this was… this meant something to you, didn’t it?”
Tony cast an assessing glance at the area. “We should go round and see where we can work our way down to where the twins are. I’m guessing he’ll be using them as guards. Rumlow will probably keep one of his goons with them and send his right-hand man to bring the vial out of here.”
“It’s complicated.”
Good old times, Bucky thought with a private smile.
“You’re so responsive,” Tony said with shuddering breaths. His face was flushed, his eyes almost manic with need.
Tony’s eyes twinkled, and he leaned forward, suddenly taking Steve’s hand in his. “I’m asking you to come home with me. Hell, I would ask you to
talk with you.”
Steve frowned at the display. “I never heard about those.”
made my wings? They never even told us who the fabricator was and there wasn’t a Stark Industries emblem, as far as I remember it.”
“Are you flirting with me?”
“Guys?” Steve called, approaching them.
“T-this,” Tony stuttered, “is
What the hell was that about anyway? They’d never been particularly handsy with each other. The only times they’d really touched in the past was while they sparred—or punched the living daylight out of each other.
While Steve knew Tony meant every word he said, there was an undertone in his voice. Something dark and pained and… did he think Steve was turning him down?
There was a loud thunder in the distance, making them both jump a bit. The rain was really only a soft drizzle, but far away, Steve could see dark clouds hanging in the sky.
“I like you…” Tony’s eyes fell shut with the lilt of a particularly deep thrust, a wrangled gasp escaping his throat. “Rough.”
Tony huffed. “You’re a stubborn one, hm? Fine with me.” He cast him a crooked grin. “I think I like some spunk in you. You know… both figuratively and literally.”
Bucky was bruised and bleeding as he stared at the unconscious figures in front of him, his eyes nearly filled with more shock than pain. The metal arm lay on the floor next to him, completely broken.
Steve nodded, stroking the wedding ring on Tony’s finger. He didn’t have to ask to know it was vibranium. It was exactly the kind of ring he would’ve chosen to give to Tony.
* * *
It seemed like the reasonable way to go. As Steve had pointed out, he
“Reading a bit?” Tony asked conversationally as he brewed himself an espresso.
A heavy, awkward beat passed between them.
“You remember our wedding dance?” Steve asked. “Looking back, it should have been terribly awkward. Never had the time to practice. I think I had about two lessons.”
“Sorry, Steve, that… that is dangerously arrogant,” Rhodey replied. “This is the United Nations we’re talking about. It’s not the world security council, it’s not SHIELD, it’s not HYDRA.”
“I thought you already did,” Steve answered bitterly, as soon as the others were out of hearing range.
“Bacon,” Tony said, pointing at the pans. “I want bacon.”
Cautiously, Steve reached for one of Tony’s hand. “It wasn’t your fault. I mean, I wasn’t there, I don’t know the specifics, but I know
“That’s a matter of opinion.” Rhodey grinned as he let himself fall back down on the couch. They both opened their cans, taking a sip. “You know, Tones, I liked Steve well enough from the start. Even before I knew who he was. They guy has a good heart, and it wasn’t exactly hard to see that he wanted to… well…”
“Um… it’s about Tony.”
This corner of the training floor was entirely dedicated to muscle workout. Steve used the gym implements often, and he figured the bench press would be good for their purpose. There was a large training matt on the floor, and the bench was just the right height to allow Tony to bend over it. They approached it quickly, stumbling a bit with how fast they were walking while simultaneously pressing against one another. His hands ran up Tony's arms to his shoulders, his fingers tracing along his pecs and downwards as Tony occupied himself with Steve's pants.
Steve sighed. “We… need a break to get back on track. No sense in barging in unprepared right now. We have to regroup, clean up a bit, grab a few hours of sleep. If Thor hasn’t returned by morning, we’ll make our move without him.”
He could hear voices from inside, one was definitely Tony, sounding more timid than Steve could ever remember hearing him, and the other was inexplicably chilling.
Tony blinked rapidly and put a hand on top of Steve’s. “I’m… sorry.”
“Jim’s right… we’ll talk later. First, we need to make sure he doesn’t access the nuclear codes.”
“I… yeah,” Tony said, and fought the urge to cast Steve an apologetic smile. It wasn’t exactly something he had to be sorry for, he just hoped Steve wouldn’t mind. “I did.”
A heavy weight compressed Tony’s shoulders and his insides were pooled with dread. Ultron’s presence was right
“Don’t let him shut you out,” she told him. “I know it can get rather isolating out here and Tony often travels to town to attend conferences. Or he used to, before he let Obadiah take over for him. But please don’t let him draw back again.”
“Doesn’t have to be that way,” Peter said. “He’ll just want someone who takes him serious. That’s the big secret.”
Tony raised a hand to stop Steve. Then, he reached for his knife and put some butter on a slice of toast, taking a huge bite of it. Halfway into chewing, he asked conversationally, “Tell me, do you enjoy working for Hammer?”
“Einstein’s general relativity,” said someone from the stool next to Tony. It was Bruce—
about this, and if he was going to pull these stunts every time they stepped out on a mission together, it
“My pleasure,” Clint said, and gave him a little salute from where he was perched on the upper-deck landing pad.
At some point, Wanda and Pietro joined the group, and Steve hid a laugh when Vision immediately hurried over to the table to bring Wanda something to drink.
With a thousand heartbeats at once, he leaned in and let his mouth finally cover Tony’s. The first brush of lips almost had Steve shaking out of his skin, but then, they both took a deep breath and
“You’re my friend,” Steve told Bucky firmly. “I’m not gonna fight you.”
“It put an end to you and Cap flirting all the time,” Clint said after a short pause, and Steve spotted yet another explosion in the near distance. That’d be tank three. “Call me happy.”
By now, Steve had learned to stop asking questions. He knew it might disturb the timeline, so he accepted that all of them, Tony included, were trying to be as tight-lipped as they could.
Vision nodded, as if he hadn’t expected anything else. “I agree. You know I do.”
An honest-to-God
Tony’s heart missed a beat. “Sweetheart…”
"Maybe some other time," he said, running his fingers along Tony's arm. He didn't want to reject the obvious attempts at helping him, but Steve felt the only help he really needed at the moment was some peace and quiet, and the reassurance that Tony was here with him despite what'd happened. He tried to smile, and found that he could. It didn't even waver as he glanced at Tony's face. "You're taking this better than I am," he admitted, turning to kiss his forehead.
“So… all good?” he asked, though he had already catalogued the changes that had to be made.
“We want to know… how things were between us,” Natasha said. “The team, I mean.”
“And it’s true. We shot down two implants at once. There was no way to know how his brain would react. We knew the memories would cause distress.”
been heading towards this for far longer than Tony had realized.
“We should talk,” Steve said. “Don’t you think?”
It had been a while since Tony had even thought about sex. After the disastrous popping of his cherry with Ty last year, Tony had all but decided he might like guys, but he didn’t like guy-sex. Ty had used about no time at all for prep, only using about two minutes on stretching him and only a minimal amount of lube, and Tony, being the idiot he was, hadn’t asked him for further ministrations. He’d done some readings on the matter and knew it could hurt at first, he’d just not imagined it to hurt this much. He hadn’t been able to walk without a hitch for days, and while the thing with Ty hadn’t lasted, Tony had decided that blowjobs he could do, frotting—perfect, but there wouldn’t be a dick in his ass ever again.
With him gone from Steve’s dreams, he would never find him again.
Long minutes later, Steve woke up. His sleepy eyes opened and settled on Tony, a small, content smile grazing his lips.
“He’s always cute,” Natasha said.
And, the more reasonable part of his brain supplied, they had only spent a few stolen hours together. There was no need for a label just yet.
“Thanks,” Tony called after her, and seized the opportunity to leap away the next second, but the situation around him was quickly spiraling out of control.
You said it yourself, this is just a wild speculation!”
A few newspapers already began to demonize Tony. He was a monster, they wrote, a monster that had never loved his wife—a man, who had been glad she’d died, so he could take new people to bed. Tony Stark was known to never turn down a chance to surround himself with the most beautiful and famous people, after all. No wonder he’d rushed out to identify a stranger’s body as his wife’s, too eager to forget, too desperate for fresh thighs to part for him.
It wasn’t okay. And maybe it never would be again. But they had shared a few civil words, had even smiled at each other.
“Sorry. Didn’t mean to wake you.” Steve’s voice was gruff and raspy.
. Tony moaned into his mouth and he felt it. His hands slid down over his shoulders and he felt it. Warmth blazed across every inch of his skin.
“Zoning out,” she replied and smiled knowingly. “Tony will come around, Steve. You just need to use this opportunity wisely.”
Beneath him, Natasha twisted her body towards the back seat and reached into a bag, pulling out two guns, pressing them into Sam’s palm. There was no time for him to really check if they were armed and ready, but this was Natasha, so they probably were. She pulled out a few daggers, too, and pushed them into the straps of her uniform.
Once everyone was in position, Bruce worked rapidly to get the blade out of Tony’s body. Tony jumped with the first prodding, then groaned in discomfort. The pain was blessedly gone, but he could still
Barnes shrugged. “Yes. He’ll always have me. And yet, Steve’s the... the most alone person I’ve ever met. Always has been. And I think the rejection is starting to get to him. It’s been month after month of rejection, from everybody, for so long now. And… Steve… I think he was really scared about coming back here.” Barnes looked sideways at him, his expression meaningful.
“And you’re coming with me.”
“Don’t you?” Natasha shot back, casting him an unimpressed look.
“Yeah, sure. Just trying to figure out what’s going on here,” Tony said, and a second later, his eyes became their usual oily black, even as he kept walked right past Steve.
. He’d sort of hoped to put an end to their fight like that. He’d wanted Steve to realize that they had both just wanted to look out for each other and that’s what teammates did so: No harm done, right?
Rhodes grinned. “And a razor, huh?”
“Oh, was it?” Tony said on one of those lewd grins Steve had really come to miss. He ground down against Steve, reminding him once again of how hard he still was. “Well, Mr. 21
Hours later, Tony jolted awake as he heard Steve’s tread on the stairs. Immediately, he noticed how his footfalls were slower than usual, heavier, as if he was very tired or very deep in thought. Tony glanced at the clock. It was well past midnight.
“Should I—should I pull out?” Steve asked. Tony felt really tight around, and he had no idea if this hurt or not.
Tony choked a sob, bucking wildly against him. “Oh yes.
“What did you do?” His voice was low and Tony shrugged his shoulders in an attempt at nonchalance.
Steve nodded jerkily. “Mister Stane,” he said, cursing his trembling voice as they shook hands. “My name’s Steve.”
, coming for me.
Over at the podium, Sharon was speaking now. Her eyes were unmistakably sad but she stood tall and proud, just like Peggy.
had Steve’s stuff been lying around next to Tony’s? Which side had Steve slept on? Which chair did he use when reading one of his history books? Had Steve really been happy here, with Tony at his side?
“So, what do we do?” Sam asked.
Letting go of Steve’s hand, Tony straightened his back and let Extremis flood his mind at once.
“There’s a reason he’s only allowed to stay on Avengers ground so far,” Ross added. “It’s a safety measure for the people of New York. If it was my choice, he wouldn’t be living here, he’d be in a high-security psych clinic. And as long as either of you can’t swear an oath that he’s not dangerous anymore, it better stay that way.” He stared at Tony. “Or can you?”
What was he even doing, Steve asked himself. Why had he done this
is going on here?”
“Who’s your buyer?” Steve asked as Rumlow got back on his feet.
Tony knew it was only a matter of time before some captured HYDRA agent spoke to the press. Or one of SHIELD’s, or even someone from SI who’d noticed when JARVIS had brought Barnes into Stark Tower. In any case, someone
“You know I do,” he said. His fingers gently brushed the skin along his neck, massaging the skin and framing Tony’s jaw.
Tony grimaced. “No. It’s not ridiculous… I didn’t—”
“Thanks for coming with us,” Steve told Clint after a moment. He’d only asked him to get Wanda and Pietro out of the tower, never to join them, but Clint hadn’t hesitated for so much as a moment.
it—but there was something very intriguing about the idea of Tony losing control at his hands, for once not at all the very put-together man he was otherwise.
Which meant that, yes, this was his future.
“Thanks, Mr. Rogers!” Peter blurted, just as Clint snapped an insulted, “I
Clearly, Tony wasn't happy about having to wait, and Steve's resolve was starting to wear thin, too. How awful could it be to just let Tony into his bed and enjoy what he so obviously wanted? They were both interested, both capable of consenting. What was the problem again?
"Hey, you're the one spoiling it by making a scene," Steve said, mock defensive even as he got out of the bar-chair and stood closer to Tony. He took the hand he'd been holding and pulled it up, eyes searching Tony's. "But I'll take that deal," he said, quieter, smiling affectionately as he turned to press the ring against Tony’s fingers.
Steve was in very deep trouble.
Tony frowned. Then he picked up the knife again and continued chopping the peppers.
“Glad they get a bit of time together,” Tony replied.
Next to him, Tony hummed—three short hums that Steve had by now recognized as Tony’s ‘I finished something and it works perfectly’ victory-sound.
“I…” Maria sighed, pointing at Tony. “I didn’t mean it like that, just… you’re the last person I ever thought would want kids. Is that Steve’s doing?"
get in the way of his Forget-About-Tony plan. Not tonight.
“I think it certainly means she didn’t kill herself,” Stane sneered. “She wanted to speak with me about something
“It’s getting worse,” he confirmed after a moment. “One of the surveillance cameras got a photo of the attacker. They’re about to announce it.”
Entering the workshop, Steve spotted Tony at his workstation, as was the norm for the guy. It was a relief to see him unchanged, and definitely not wearing any ancient Roman clothes. That would've driven Steve to complete insanity.
against Steve’s skin, and earned a little slap on the back of the head for it.
“That’s not always true,” Steve said, twisting his fingers together. “Sometimes… well it just depends on your point of view. You shouldn’t assume…”
“If he’s in 2018, which I have to believe he is, he’ll be there,” Tony said. “It’s not our first rodeo with time travel and Steve and I… we have an understanding about these kinds of things. We go and search for each other, no matter what. So he’ll know where to get help.”
“Everyone ready?” Steve asked. He was standing in the middle of the Quinjet, eyeing the team while he put his helmet on. His expression was the epitome of determination. “Once we land, we’ll start with evac. Ultron knows we’re coming. Odds are we’ll be riding into heavy fire. And that’s what we signed up for. But the people of Sokovia, they didn’t. So our priority is getting them out.”
Steve cleared his throat, putting a hand on his earpiece to show he was talking on the com line. Better choose his words wisely.
Steve glanced up at him and Tony realized his world
* * *
“Just like that,” Steve breathed, so grateful that Tony understood. He couldn’t possibly wait through the prep. Not right now. The blaze in his body was too intense, his legs already shaking with how close he was. And from the edge in Tony’s voice, Steve could tell slow wasn’t exactly something he wanted, either.
“Then what’s keeping them?”
“Coming up by the drop zone, Cap.”
There was a long pause. When Barnes looked up, his eyes were dark but not accusing. “You want me on Steve’s team.” Barnes fidgeted slightly. “Why?”
“We are,” Tony agreed and cast Pepper a grateful smile that she returned in kind. He really couldn’t love that woman more.
“If I could take one thing back…” Steve said, his voice struggling to stay steady, “it would be this.”
Natasha grunted with the exertion. “At long last is lasting a little long, boys.”
HYDRA’s Winter Soldiers.
Letting out a sigh that seemed to come from his toes, Tony stepped back and checked the wounds on his chest and arms. They had already scabbed over. Still tender, but nothing to write home about in the pain department. He could probably do without a bandage, except that it could start bleeding again if it got scraped.
“Right,” Steve acknowledged and Tony watched his face darken. “The machine activated itself. Whole city’s up in the air.”
“Does it matter?” Tony asked. “He’s here now. We’ll have to deal with it no matter what.”
If Tony had said there was only one bedroom left, he would have dealt with that, but he preferred to have the benefit of some distance—at least for now.
Tony blinked. The words registered with him, but he couldn’t… Steve actually
“Hm?”
Tony blinked at him dumbly. “No ‘biggie’? That’s it. Really?”
Bruce was leaning against the wall next to Bucky. He looked just as tired as Tony, his posture hunched, but his voice remained calm and steady as he spoke. “James Barnes?”
“It’s why you killed JARVIS, right?” Steve pressed on. “You terribly wanted to feel you’ve accomplished
?” Steve demanded, though his voice was far more self-controlled than before.
“Say ‘hello’ to everyone, Ian,” Tony told the baby, turning around so everyone could see their son’s face. “Fatherly advice number eighty-seven: Memorize their faces, and don’t listen to a word those people say, they’re all completely nuts.”
Bruce’s shoulders tensed slightly, his fingers twitching next to him.
Tony had definitely done a bit of reconstruction work here as well. There was a new queen-sized bed, new bedding, new tables, new chairs. There were books Steve recognized as his own lying on the couch table, socks of his lying on the floor, and a jacket that was clearly his old leatherjacket hanging next to the door.
“Is that so hard to believe?”
“I’m not sure that’s gonna be enough,” Tony pointed out. “They had specific demands, and we very clearly couldn’t find common ground and—”
Things were… tense, to put it mildly. The US government was prying more and more into their lives. For now, Tony had been able to keep them at bay, but Steve knew it was just a matter of time before they all had to testify about Sokovia. For now, though, all he could do was have Tony’s back.
Tony rolled his eyes. “We came here to talk to you. That’s all.”
They were sitting in the common room, around the large table where they’d once discussed the Sokovia Accords. Tony and Bucky were sitting close, some kind of floor plan spread out in front of them.
He waited for Tony to return the sentiments. After all, he’d been the one to mention love. But he didn’t. Instead, he smiled a half-smile and nodded again. “And you will come with me.”
It was still early in the morning when Steve found himself standing in front of a large bathroom mirror. He stared at his own face for a long time, looking into his eyes until the objects in the background faded into a mass of blurred shapes.
* * *
“Pietro!” Gasping for breath, Wanda protectively took stance in front of her brother. Steve had no idea where she had come from, but he could also vaguely hear Sam in the distance, looming above.
Tony didn’t move, not even his eyes were flickering. “They can’t stop it. Both the solar particles and the molecules in the planet’s atmosphere are directed by the magnetic field. They’re colliding, causing each other to burst into lights. It needs a very specific set of circumstances to bring them together, but once those circumstances are given, they create…
Tony reached out to touch Steve’s chest, feeling his heart beating strongly against his palm—desperate for that last connection. “I’ll hold you to that.”
Tony smiled but didn’t reply. He pressed a kiss at Steve’s temple before sliding his hands under his camisole.
He froze
* * *
Tony nodded, closing his fingers around the small tool. And then, and it was by far the hardest thing Steve had ever done in his entire life, he let go of Tony, and turned around.
After only two hours on the road, Bucky and Tony were engaged in a screaming match over the virtues in traditional Rock ‘n’ Roll compared to the drivel that popular music stations featured. At the rest stops, Tony would pointedly avoid all of them except maybe Rhodes and Carol, as though tainted by enjoying their company. And when Steve had asked if they could maybe stop at the ‘Tomb of the Unknown Revolutionary War Soldier’, Tony’s expression had gone deathly stoic.
And God, why did Steve come here? Why now when it was all too late? To rub salt on the many wounds Tony was sporting? To make it hurt worse?
* * *
Steve felt a sudden burst of anger well up inside him. Of course Tony would prefer ignoring all of this instead of just facing what was happening between them. It was so goddamn typical and Steve was about to give him a piece of his mind when he suddenly realized how miserable Tony looked, how completely and utterly
Romanoff hummed, then glanced at Tony. “And when did you marry her?”
Then again… maybe he was afraid of him. It would be the reasonable thing to feel. He knew Tony could hold himself up in a fight, but when it came down to it, they both knew Bucky could kill him in a heartbeat as long as he wasn’t in the armor.
“I’m not sure how that is relevant.”
Tony panted. “I think pretty much every hard-on I had in high school was for you.”
“You’re gonna cook for me?”
As so many things in Steve’s life, it seemed to be an unfathomable coincidence, a string of events that could’ve easily led into a whole other direction. A part of him thought it was sheer luck that they were here now, but as he held Tony in his arms, a much larger part of his heart liked to think that they’d earned this—to be here, to be happy.
“I have no idea,” Tony said on a wistful smile. “Does it matter?”
When Steve took a step on the stairway, however, he spotted Thor freezing on the level right above the one they were heading for now. There was a familiar red shimmer wafting along his head, and Steve could see his arms flex with inward tension. “Thor!” he called. “Status?”
“What should I call you, then?” he asked, filing away the fact that he hadn’t ever seen any of Steve’s art pieces and deciding to make up for that, very soon. “‘History of Art teacher Steve Rogers’ is a bit long, I think. Are we ready for pet names? ‘Cause I got a whole bunch of them,
It took walking through another corridor, another hall, another three or four rooms, before he found them. It was a heartbreaking picture they made. Still wearing their uniforms. Still stained with blood and gore, even hours later.
Tony. Really wanted him. How had he not noticed that before? It—it actually explained a lot, in Steve’s book, and yet, he hadn’t expected this.
“Then
Steve’s body tightened with weariness. “What do you—
Bruce sighed, giving the monitor a last look before he turned back. “I don’t think we can be certain of anything until he wakes up.” He paused, raising a brow at him. “You ready?”
“To be fair, two weeks in, it still looked like they would. And—I’m still mad about that, by the way.” Pepper’s voice sounded accusatory, but her happy smile belied all words. “I keep wondering if Nicholas is proud of playing matchmaker or despairs over it.”
“Tony?” Pepper prompted, her voice gentle. “If you have any objections, or just need more time to see how you guys want to do this, you can tell me, you know?”
“I just… I was wrong about him,” Tony said with a hopefully firm voice. “I don’t like him. He’s dumb, and arrogant and mean. I’m allowed to not like people.”
Things would look better tomorrow, he thought as he changed into his pyjama pants. Brandt would accompany him to Washington where he’d be doing his first show under the identity of
“Right. Well then, this is how it goes,” Tony announced, loud enough that even Ross’ guys would be hearing him. Of course, it wasn’t exactly necessary since they were monitoring their comms, too. “You’re gonna turn Barnes over and you’re gonna come with us.”
The disappointment was sharp and all-consuming, but Steve tried his very best not to let it show.
The calls came more frequently, after that. At first, they didn’t really say anything substantial, only tiptoeing around the giant elephant in the room. It wasn’t quite small talk either, more like fragile inanities that, once taken into a wrong direction, could prove distracious.
* * *
“Uh, I’ll just… I’ll have a burger and fries, please,” he decided—couldn’t really go wrong with a burger—and handed her the menu.
“I know it’s hard, Tones, but maybe you can really change what happened,” Rhodey said tentatively. “You know I distrust this whole magic thing just as much as you, but… This might be our last chance. If Thanos gets his hands on the Time Gem, too, we’re done. It’s the last one missing.”
“Can I get you anything?” Steve asked.
“Can you…” He swallowed, not used to simply voicing his needs like this. Instead, he put a hand on the empty mattress next to him and glanced up at her in question.
Steve snorted with surprise, before barking out a real laugh. “You’re exaggerating, that was one time.”
It was laughable. Horrible. And something he would never do.
Steve followed the other with mirth as they pushed each and every button available, bickering over which attraction was the worst. For the first half hour or so, Tony had adamantly tried to keep up his I-don’t-want-to-be-here-with-you-attitude until he finally cracked. With every half-cooked comment Bucky was throwing out about locomotives, Tony’s expression had darkened further. Eventually, it seemed he couldn’t take it anymore. He donned his on-ears (obviously, there hadn’t been any music playing, anyway) and took the lead, blabbering on and on about rail transport systems, heating, boilers and steam circuits and the general origins of steam locomotives.
was, obviously wasn’t some gangly nerd who liked to stare at screens, and mull over formulas and code lines on a daily basis.
to be able to do our work as we see fit.”
The next thing Tony knew he was lying on his back and Steve Rogers was staring down at him.
Tony sighed pitifully. “It’s okay, I understand. Gonna have to share you from now on, huh?”
Tony shook his head.
“Hap,” Steve said next to Tony. Probably speaking into his phone, Tony guessed. Everything around him was a buzz. “Let’s go. We’ll meet you out front.”
“It just... puts decisions that have been made in the past in a new and not all that great light. And the people who made those decisions, well... they might, potentially, kind of wish they had given it a bit more thought before going through with said decisions.”
Steve shrugged. “Sure. Think we still have some of the pancake mix you’re so obsessed about.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, pressing a kiss to his hair. “I really am. I should’ve been by your side for this. Please forgive me.”
, he told JARVIS.
“Steve’s stubborn.”
Steve knew how worried Tony was about the news on Sokovia. After returning home, he’d started scrolling through the latest news as soon as he got his hands on a phone. The fallout was horrifying, and at the same time, it was hard for Steve not to revel in the sense of homecoming. It might not last, but for the moment, things were calm, and they were together. It was all that mattered.
The next thing he knew, Ultron had gripped him by the throat, pulling him a good few meters off the ground. There was something close to smugness flashing across his face, and he opened his mouth to say something, before he froze.
There was an expression on Bruce’s face that Tony—hands down—had never seen before, not in all those years they had worked together now. “Let’s, uh, just change the sequences, then you can re-upload the software. I… Good job, Tony.”
When Tony stepped out of the elevator, there was noise, music and laughter and a steady stream of conversation. Most parties at the tower were packed, but the common floor seemed even busier tonight.
It was practically universal law that if any two people had sex within a ten-mile radius of Natasha Romanov, she would pick up on it immediately. Steve had no qualm with sharing the news with the world; he simply didn’t want Natasha to let the cat out of the bag before he was granted the opportunity to get a word in.
the control. "Yeah, this will do," he breathed, now pulling off of Steve for real, and sinking back slowly while releasing a long groan into the air.
Steve belatedly realized what was going on. He would’ve given anything to watch Tony teasing himself open, but it was all happening too fast. So he just  kissed Tony fervently before pulling slightly back.
“‘Back to the Future’,” Tony announced as he flopped down on the couch next to Steve. The others were nodding, so Tony’s eyes turned oily-black, and in the next moment, the movie’s intro started playing. “Obvious choice, now that we’ve got two of you here.”
Steve didn’t miss the longing in Bucky’s eyes as he paused to look at Natasha. Her eyes flickered to the team for a brief moment, before she leaned in to kiss Bucky.
Steve’s mouth opened in surprise. “You mean it… works?”
throat locking down, unable to hold his sadness in any longer.
SR 5:12 P.M.>Shit, won’t make it. Emergency meeting with SHIELD. Rain check?
There was some kind of vibration underneath. Steve’s fingers carefully moved around a little, and he realized it was a circular form, and it seemed to be embedded in Tony’s chest.
Tony sighed, obediently buckling himself in. He could practically see the dollar signs in Obi’s eyes. Could see the dozens new weapons schematics he was going to want from him asap. Could see himself sitting in some lab, with a bunch of assistants he’d boss around… could see himself getting indifferent to the pains and horrors his inventions would cause…
Steve smiled weakly. “Someone’s gotta.”
Natasha heaved a breath, giving Steve a meaningful look to tell him exactly how not impressed she was with his sudden secrecy. “Sit down. I’m gonna go grab my bites,” she announced, then, and gracefully uncrossed her legs before standing up. “Meet you in a few, boys.”
Barnes had gone quiet again, his gaze cast downwards.
Simultaneously, they all jumped out of the car. And then, another van spun towards them and Natasha charged into Steve and Tony, making them both fall down on the street. A second later, there were several shots, missing them by mere inches. Tony watched from the ground as the van collided with their SUV, falling on top of it. After a few moments passed, they all stood up.
“Try,” Steve urged. “All of this, there needs to be a reason behind it. We need to figure out who’s trying to blackmail you and why. So you got on the plane, and then what?”
Once Tony had downed the mug’s contents, he blinked a few times, then truly seemed to register them sitting on the couch. For a moment, his eyes lingered on Steve, and Steve could almost hear him think: ‘That’s still not your husband, keep it together.’
That also explained the small differences. Now that Tony knew what he was looking for, it was painstakingly clear. Steve’s hair wasn’t quite the same, and his whole battle gear was easily a few steps ahead of their time.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. (chat_server:46957) is online
“I wouldn’t dare,” Stane said. “That’s something capable men like you are going to find out, are you not?”
Tony’s exhalation blew through the air. “You’ll have to sign first. There’s a paragraph explicitly saying it’s a draft paper and all parties will be allowed to negotiate further changes. I had my lawyers check it, already. Sign first, discuss later. It’s safe.”
, because it’s really
Steve raised a hand to Tony’s face. “It took a really specific set of circumstances to break us apart. We’re here, now. Together. Things changed. You and me, we can make our own future.”
“Come on,” Tony said. “We have a job to do.”
“What,” Tony shot back, affronted. “I’m just impressed with Professor Rogers’ physical fitness. That’s allowed, isn't it?”
Bucky shook his head. He wasn’t one to apologize to. “Don’t.”
All things considered, Steve didn’t look too bothered by the whole thing. It had been annoying, sure, but also kind of liberating. They all knew now, and while they might tease them about it occasionally, it was clear they wouldn’t really object.
Steve had forgotten what date it was—he knew that it was late-November, but the hours blurred together, and every day was an endless repetition of training, and reading, and watching the news.
“What mission?” Steve asked, his voice hard now, his jaw twitching with tension.
Pressing his face against Steve’s cheek, Tony knew only two things: Steve, and the blessed, medicated nothingness, finally—mercifully—engulfing his mind.
It wasn’t
dream, and you’re just here to teach me a few things.”
Christ, they were quick, perfectly skilled, with a fighting-style of pure brutality. The man’s failed attack had left him slightly—and very briefly—off balance, and Bucky took quick advantage of that fact, throwing an uppercut before he had even straightened up, knocking him off his feet.
“That probably hasn’t been easy for you, huh?” she asked after a moment.
“He’s gotten big,” Rhodey observed.
“Any word on the attacker?” he asked.
. He woke up vomiting more times than he could recall. And he didn’t feel better afterwards.
* * *
The two dead rabbits were dangling from his makeshift bag, and once Steve was back at the camp, his hands worked on automatic while his mind whirled. God, he was stupid. He
“Point taken,” Tony agreed with a small chuckle. Leave it to Steve to lie there with his legs parted, pulse racing, blushing all over, and still somehow be the one to call the shots.
“Can you stop the truck and not risk it falling over?”
“Sounds lovely,” Tony said. He leaned back against the window front and stared at Steve from afar. “You alright?”
Tony sighed. Wished for another drink. “That’s what I told you since the day we met.”
“Just not sure I can hold up with the playboy part of Tony Stark, Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist TM.”
The endearment brought a timid smile to Tony’s lips, which had both Clint and Sam pinch their noses at the exact same moment.
“Well, I heard that’s his job, isn’t it?” Steve countered, satisfied with how matter-of-factly his voice sounded.
Thanks for all the lovely comments, it means a lot to us that you're enjoying it so far <3
Tony hummed his agreement, and draped an arm across Steve’s torso more fully. “If you’ll have me.”
Bucky didn’t seem convinced so Steve let his shoulders sag and just spilled it all out in one go. Now that Bucky knew, all bets were off anyway. “We kissed. Two days ago. Things got complicated, that’s why he left yesterday. When he came back, well, you know. I wasn’t… he was drunk, sure, but he didn’t force himself on me. I stopped him before it got any further, but… I might’ve been… willing, under different circumstances.”
“Don’t get pessimistic on me now, Cap,” he said. And that was
, before he pulled his hand back and glanced up at Steve cautiously.
Maria was now sitting opposite them, her gaze settled on the duo. “You should get some rest. I’ll send everyone to their floors, let’s call it a night.”
“Where—I mean
looked at the man. His features were still wholly unfamiliar, but now Tony could see some sort of… distortion at the edges of his face. Like there was something not quite as it should be.
Tony nodded once more, casting Steve a small smile in return.
Tony probably stared open-mouthed now, but he didn’t bother trying to shield his surprise. The latest changes involved a lot of stuff that would shift control from UN back to the Avengers, like an emergency veto, and jurisdiction having to take events that had led to the crime into consideration, and not just the crime itself.
“No sexual harassment in my lab, we had a talk about this,” Bruce fired back, using his ‘this is where my patience ends end you better not anger me’ tone, before he walked away.
“Rise and shine, sleeping beauty,” Bucky called with a sweet voice when Tony came into view.
," he said, taking a deep breath to stabilize himself even as he saw Tony's face hardening.
“His opinion isn’t worth more than your own,” Steve prompted gently. When Tony didn’t answer to that either, Steve cautiously stepped up next to him.
With that, Tony sat up, and with a little prompting, Steve let him go, rolling on his back instead. Tony mourned the lost closeness immediately, but stood up nevertheless.
“Shut up, Barnes,” Tony mumbled against Steve’s lips, blindly flicking Barnes off.
Leaning over, Tony placed his mouth less than an inch from Steve’s ear. “Attention, soldier!”
“Good,” Tony agreed. He leaned up on his toes and pressed a quick kiss against Steve’s lips. When he pulled back, a deep frown was suddenly very prominent on his face. “I didn’t know you had an appointment today. I have to be in Massachusetts in about three hours.” He sighed. “We gotta ask Veronica to stay a bit longer. I’ll try to be home before Ian’s bedtime…”
“Jealous,” Tony echoed, huffing at him. “As if. Even if I’d ignore the fact that Barnes is as straight as they come, or that Natasha pretty much put a property stamp on his ass, you’re all mine.”
“Pleasant thoughts?” he asked, and didn’t lean up from his pose, instead wiggled his ass a bit.
,” Sam announced loudly, his voice bursting through the silence that had hazed Steve’s mind ever since they’d arrived back home from Sokovia three days ago. They were all sitting on the couch in the common living room, and Steve was staring out into the city while the laughter and the jokes and the horrible music playing on Tony’s prized stereo system filled the space around him. Sam sat down on the far end of the couch and clapped both hands together. “Don’t wanna spoil the mood, but if we ever wanna get this party anywhere near a state called ‘awesome’, we’re gonna have to get more supplies.”
“We’ve already—”
Vision sat down next to the bed and lay a hand on the small computer standing beneath the beeping heart monitor. He logged into the system and scrolled through Tony’s medical file, deeming his status acceptable. There really was no need to worry. He was about to ask Steve what exactly the doctors had said when a nurse stuck her head through the door. Her eyes widened slightly when she saw him sitting there, something he might have to get used to, but she reined herself in rather quickly. “Excuse me, Captain Rogers, there’s a young woman at the station asking to speak with you. She said she’s from Adoption Services?”
With that, he turned around and—gracefully—walked to the bathroom nearby. When he scrubbed himself down with a sponge, at least three minutes dedicating to his hands only, he realized how weirdly excited he was to have Steve around. Shaking his head at his mirror’s image—and yeah, there wasn’t anything to be done about his hair now—he threw the sponge into the sink and walked back to the workshop.
Tony stood up and stepped forward, slamming the contract against the glass front. “Just fucking read this, alright? It might not mean anything to you, but it will help us. Make things easier, while we try to save your sorry undeserving ass.”
“I don’t—”
“Morning,” he replied with a low smile. “Sleep well?”
Everything stopped. It just stopped and Steve realized the explosion was contained in some sort of bubble. He stared over his shoulder and saw Wanda shaking with the strain of keeping the fire under control.
Steve moved his hips slowly from side to side. “Nothing will pry it out of you?”
Steve scowled—Bucky knew him far too well—and walked over to him. “It hasn’t been half an hour.”
Steve was the first one through the elevator door, and he stopped so abruptly that Tony ran right into him.
“We married a little over three years ago,” he said wistfully. “Why?”
“Something tells me I wouldn’t.” Steve shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck to worry out the kinks. Perhaps he’d been able to fool himself for a while—not anymore. “I just can’t do this anymore. Serving without asking. I don’t know how you do it—”
“Tony…” Steve whispered. Tony ignored him, still staring at Bucky instead, though he looked like he could barely hold himself on his feet.
He’d gotten better, or so Steve had thought, but then again, he didn’t know much about Tony after what had happened in Siberia.
Steve smiled, started the car and backed out of the driveway. There were a few minutes of comfortable silence as he directed them through the streets. The huge trees cast their shadows across the driveway, while early blue and yellow wildflowers had begun to spring up along the way. Steve leaned back in his seat and paused in the midst of the flurry that was their everyday-life to simply appreciate the moment. They were going on a
The question remained the same: Why were these people allowed to investigate the case? Why did they bother? And what were they looking for? Whatever organization those three belonged to—it clearly operated under the radar. They had to be members of some kind of national security force, which led Steve to believe that there was something he was missing about the whole ordeal.
* * *
Tony basically froze, staring at him with an open mouth. “What? I…” He huffed, glaring at him. “You shouldn’t talk about stuff you know shit about. You weren’t there. When Steve and I met, I didn’t matter to him at all.”
Tony inhaled softly, his cheek resting against Steve’s shoulder. He considered him for a long, silent beat, then tentatively raised his hand to Steve’s cheek.
him. But he hadn’t wanted to, and that meant this wasn’t the time to swoon, or to wonder how Steve’s mouth would feel against his when he was really into it and—
sometimes. Of course, the mischievousness sparkling in his eyes right now was one of the reasons why he loved this guy so much, but
“It’s alright,” Tony hurried to say. “Or it’s… well, it obviously isn't
“Understood,” Steve called, irritated that apparently, they
And neither of them was known to budge from what they thought was the right decision.
Tony was shaking, he realized, and it was then, when he felt it. He felt the heat of Ultron’s mind burning into his own. There was a second of clarity, before Extremis’ network was flooded with Ultron’s code.
“Stand down!” he yelled, commanding his legs to pump faster. If anything, the blur ahead became more distant, twisting around the next corner and vanishing from sight.
Steve’s head snapped upward at that, and he stared at him. Instantly, the tension in his body seemed to dissipate. He sat up, throwing the card to the floor, and before Tony could say anything to that, he had him crushed against his firm chest. “
Vision eventually drew back and nodded. “I’ll talk to him as soon as this is over. We both know that doing it right now would end up in an argument or a workshop lock-down. I don’t think I have the patience for either. Now that I have legs, I can simply walk away, and I must admit that prospect is very tempting.”
“Affirmative.”
Tony huffed a laugh, then broke out into a series of shrill giggles.
“Are you okay with this today?” she asked. “I was sure you guys would want a bit more privacy before you introduced him to the whole gang, and I know Clint invited more people than you thought would be there.”
Suddenly, the world spun as Tony lifted Steve off the floor, the wings still wrapped around them. Despite the fact that Tony was much leaner than Steve, he’d always emitted a vast amount of power, and finally, Steve understood why.
“What are you thinking?” he asked eventually, stepping up to Steve and gently laid a hand on his shoulder.
When Tony turned around on the couch, he raised a brow at who he saw standing there in the doorway. And he didn’t know whether to be annoyed or amused when he met the piercing gaze of one James Buchanan Barnes, and thus settled for indifferent.
He didn’t know what he’d expected, exactly, but the west wing didn’t look any different than the east wing. Every time he’d thought about the place where Indries had lived—the place that was now empty—he’d envisioned a forgotten place with cobwebbed walls, drawn curtains and white sheets covering the furniture. He’d envisioned a place no one lived in any more.
All of the others had left for ‘grocery shopping’, and while Steve suspected that Natasha had something to do with that, he was less annoyed and more grateful that he might get to talk with Tony without an audience.
A sigh coursed through Steve’s body, and he leaned forward in despair. “What if he hates me for bringing him here?”
Steve gave him a small smile, and nipped from his glass. “You didn’t, now that I think about it. I’m very hurt. Nowadays you’ve only got eyes for that new guy.”
“Pepper, darling.”
Lost in his thoughts, Tony was almost past Simmons Hall, when a familiar figure suddenly crossed his path. He stopped in his tracks—probably not so gracefully—and valiantly fought the urge to just empty his stomach right on the grass in front of Steve’s feet.
The room here was just as tidy and modestly decorated as the one Steve had occupied in Stark Tower. There were several books lying around, and he spotted a pile of DVDs he would
It was jealousy.
In the end, though, it took the whole rest of the day and a few hours into the night before Steve finally woke up. First his fingers twitched, then he furrowed his brows, slowly blinking himself to alertness.
—got hit by the Time Stone. I mean, Strange is still analyzing what happened, but—”
“Lies and slander,” Tony said, sitting up in their bed and smiling at him with an adorably sleep-rumbled look. “You know, seeing you hold our child is… something else entirely.”
“If by ‘well’ you mean having your love-life crudely dissected and analyzed, then sure, it’s been a blast,” Tony said with an eye roll.
Eventually, FRIDAY alerted him of Ultron’s whereabouts. He was in the church, right in the middle of the city, and apparently, he was waiting for him.
For a second, Steve looked past him, his face scrunching up into a grimace, then he stared back at him. His eyes were filled with tears now and his fingers laced through Tony’s even more fiercely.
Steve felt his cheeks heat a little.
And Steve was
“Of course you will,” Steve said. “But you need a break. I know your free time’s down to a zero. Gonna kill yourself if you aren’t careful.”
“Bucky, stop it,” Steve said urgently and tightened his grip further.
One of Tony’s hands tenderly stroked his hair. “Yes?”
“Yes,” Vision confirmed, and rose to his feet. He put a hand on Tony’s shoulder, squeezing it for a moment. “I will.”
Steve frowned. “Then why are you working on it?”
He’d cried enough.
Steve let those words sink in for a moment, but it was simply too much to grasp. At least, right now. There’d hopefully be a time for trying to understand Tony’s past—the Rebellion, the Fall, Hell, everything. For now, there were more important matters to deal with.
It had been almost three months before Tony had called him for the first time. Three months of brooding in the stillness of T’Challas home. Listening to the silence emanating from Bucky’s cryo-chamber. He had just been waiting, he knew that now. Sitting in his chair, waiting for Tony to finally call and give him a good talking to.
Stopping it before their friendship no longer mattered.
Words left him as Tony suddenly fell on his knees right before him. He didn’t wait a second, didn’t give Steve any time to think, before he opened his mouth and took Steve between his lips.
Standing on his own two feet at last, Steve turned to Tony and simply patted him on the shoulder. "Thanks."
—see the both of them together—but Steve was all but towering over his body, shielding them from sight as he wrapped a warm hand around their lengths. The dry friction made Tony cry out and clutch at Steve’s shoulders with new vigour. How he could feel so out of control so soon was beyond him, but all he could do now was pull himself closer and thrust against Steve’s erection.
A helpless laugh fell from Steve unchecked. He tilted his head into Tony's palm. "Yeah, that's not even an exaggeration, is it?" He pulled back to look at Tony a little more critically. "Do you need anything? Water? Tissues? Clothes?" Dressed, Steve couldn't really tell how cold Tony might be getting, and he felt a little pang of shame for not asking earlier.
“Some people just aren’t meant to be happy,” Tony whispered after a moment, wincing at how gloomy he sounded.
Tony honest to goodness
Tony thought quietly. He turned around then, trying not to move too much. Lying down face to face, he pressed himself as close to Steve as was possible without waking him. Each minute, the proximity eased his fear and hurt a little. The bitter feeling in his gut diminished, pushed aside by the comfort the man sleeping at his side gave him.
Tony leaned sideways to grab for both of their clothes and haul them onto the bed. Steve grabbed for his sweatpants, pulling them up over his hips with sharp angered movements.
He heard Steve trying to get something in, but before he could say it, Tony ended the call. With shaking limbs, he stood up from the chair. His eyes fell on Steve’s shield that was leaning against his desk. He let his hand trace over its edge, and closed his eyes.
That had the man smile somewhat. “Well… someone once told me that it’s good to have a countercheck-system. And in my book, that
(See the end of the chapter for
Stane, of course, wouldn’t have those reservations. The way he behaved, he probably considered the mansion as his own property.
“I know this must be weird to you,” Tony added, voice soft.
“I’m being realistic. Thanos is at our doorsteps, Tony. Millions of people are dying as we speak—and you know it.”
Where could he possibly start?
The man glanced down at Tony’s watch, and there was no confusion on his features.
Still, he had to do
"Us. This. This thing we're doing," Steve said into Tony's skin. "I thought you were saying you regretted hooking up and…" he paused, contemplating if he should be so direct about it. Well, it would give Tony some example for how things tended to be for normal people who communicated, wouldn't it. "And letting it get… serious."
Apparently, Tony could still form coherent sentences, raspy as they may have been, and Steve figured this just wouldn’t do. He hummed a response to show he'd heard, then pulled out half way.
“Not all that much,” Tony admitted. He scratched the back of his neck, looking around. Steve was still just… standing there. And Tony was standing in front of his desk and… it was awkward, wasn’t it? Why was it so awkward all of a sudden? Their… not-quite-friendship had been tense sometime, but they’d never been uncomfortable around each other.
Steve felt heat rising to his cheeks a little, but he nodded his head, too.
“You said he’d be drunk! That he’s always drunk on his business trips.”
But it was too late already. Rumlow’s face held nothing but fury as he planted a hand, encased in metal, on Natasha’s chest, sending her flying to the ground. Suddenly, Wanda stepped up next to her in a protective stance and swung a hand, magic flowing at him, sweeping Rumlow’s feet out from under him. And then—Tony groaned in frustration when Rumlow raised his hands to his own chest.
Tony's words had reverberated in Steve's mind for hours after he'd left the workshop. How they could be spending time together, talk a bit. Something had changed in the way he saw Tony, a minute shift in perception, Steve could admit as much to himself. He knew these visions had something to do with it, but… a part of him wondered if that mattered. Even if it was the visions, would that make the change any less real? Tony had opened up to him, had actually bothered to give their friendship a try, and in the great scheme of things, Steve figured a few skewed magical visions of them didn’t matter.
him and Steve felt the wonderful way their bodies pressed together. His own arms immediately moved to wrap around Tony's waist, anchoring him close and leaning his head down to smell his shampoo—Steve's shampoo, he realized with a sense of warmth he couldn't explain.
“That’s good to know. Thank you.” Vision hesitated, after he’d put down the plate. “Well, then… have a good evening.”
Clint stood up as well. “Calm down, Cap, okay?”
Steve’s face flamed, but he nodded anyway.
“Steve?”
They first came to a stop in front of an elderly man with a pleasant smile, who greeted both Tony and Steve with a firm shake of his hand. He drew Tony into a long hug after, before his eyes settled on Steve.
, his voice wasn’t whiny.
They were a
The interaction looked pleasant enough, but there really was no need to guess where Phil’s loyalty lay. When he’d arrived at the facility a little bit after noon, flanked by a busty blonde and a feisty girl with shoulder-length brown hair, it had taken Tony all of five minutes to know that Phil wouldn’t even give his arguments the time of day.
It was then that the debris moved at the far end of the basement, where they'd entered the place. A large cloud of dust rose as concrete showered into the space. Vision stepped closer, but mercifully he wasn't looking at them.
Tony’s arms were around him the next second, clutching him tightly. His mouth drew away and ignited into an exploration, brushing his lips against Steve’s cheek and trailing a wet path of kisses down his throat.
“Superheroes on Hiatus,” Tony murmured, his voice sleepy. “We’ll put it on Twitter, let them guess.”
“Over my tired, worn out body.”
“Well, he decides he’ll be spending half a week in the lab, and that’s exactly what he does. Which leaves you sitting here, waiting for him. Would he even come up here if you asked him? Right now?”
grand gestures." He considered if he should say anything more. "I'd rather we just… arrange something, just for the two of us." How exactly did he even get to the point where he was talking to Tony about anniversaries, again?
Tony sat up a bit, leaning sideways and producing a small bottle from the nightstand. He showed it to Steve, and he recognized some sort of oil that Tony now poured over his fingers.
, were his eyes ever blue. “You remember that I told you Nat and I went back to Camp Lehigh, when the whole thing with Pierce went down?”
“I suppose I could, but then it won’t come true.”
“Family,” Natasha added, and Christ, she was the
Tony sighed and leaned up more fully, until he was halfway lying down on Steve again. One of his hands stroked Steve’s face, his hair, then he kissed his mouth again. “Don’t lose hope, alright? If you lose hope, I will lose this, too. And that’s not an option.”
“Not at all.”
“It doesn’t mean anything,” Natasha tried to sooth him, of course knowing where his thoughts were heading.
Tony grinned. “Of course you’d know. You’re such a fangirl. At least, it’s not that Ant-Guy. All right, Ian, which will you have?”
Steve's hands reached up to cup Tony's face, gentle and careful. He forced the thought of how he'd so short a time ago had these hands at Tony's throat, and instead pulled him in for a light kiss. When they parted again, he closed his eyes.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked with a subdued voice, though there really was no mistaking Steve’s intent, and Tony’s body reacted appropriately.
Answering him over his shoulder, Bruce said, “It should, yes. The blade’s still in there, and we need to get it out before Extremis can heal the wound. Plier?”
She tilted her head at him when she found him staring. “You planning to go down there like this?”
Mister Stark smiled. “Doesn’t that get boring after a while?”
When Steve looked up, he shrugged. “It’s a building I used to see from my room at home. It was run-down and shabby, but… I loved it. It was one of a kind. I must’ve drawn it about a hundred times.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, his voice smaller than he’d like it to be. “Should I go now…?”
He could have fallen asleep, late as it was, caught next to Tony and the earth, staring out into the great beyond, feeling so impossibly small and yet so incredibly connected.
Try as he might, he could not wrap his dizzied mind around what the woman was talking about. The last thing he could remember, before waking up in the container, was a fast moving train, snow, and a then nothing. His fingertips pressed firmly into the armrests. He closed his eyes, trying to force the memory into the forefront of his mind. It did not work.
“Let’s have three cheers for Helen’s magical healing.”
Tony winced. “I—”
“I know it’s a lot to take in,” Tony said, as they walked out of the elevator. The small amount of light didn’t stretch far into the large room, but then Steve wasn’t interested in taking the tour. Not today. Steve just wanted to sleep, and he wanted it in Tony’s arms. “Never expected I’d be bringing you here. The tower’s relatively new; I can count on one hand how often I’ve slept here.”
Tony sighed diplomatically and shook his head, rubbing the bridge of his nose with tired exasperation.
No problem aside from his breaking heart.
The roar of the sea filled Steve’s ears and a cold shiver raced through his body, as if the waves suddenly started to whisper a certain name.
this version of Steve—for knowing so much, and for being able to get under his skin like that.
Steve gasped and pushed forward in a frenzy of desperate thrusts. It was a sensory explosion and Steve felt Tony groaning beneath him, probably overstimulated, when soon after—he came, too. It was like a long-winded bang that banished everything but the man he clutched to himself. It was like blinding white spots of perpetual brilliance. And it wracked every nerve in his body; touched every part of him there was to touch.
There was a beat of silence, and eventually, Sam rolled his eyes and walked into the room. As soon as the door closed behind him and it was just the two of them again, Tony cleared his throat.
like him. I should’ve realized it’s you.” His eyes wandered over Steve’s face and he kept shaking his head.
How wondrous was it that they were both still alive?
“No,” Steve disagreed. “No, you haven’t. You shut yourself off. I’ve tried to approach you so many times and you didn’t even give me a chance.”
. What had he done?
A whistle from behind him made Steve whirl around. Bucky stood at the mouth of the corridor, a redheaded woman standing beside him and the two looked oddly fitting. Steve marked the mussed look about his friend, who was as shirtless as Steve was. The redhead woman lifted an eyebrow when no one immediately spoke and turned to Bucky.
For now, it was what was needed.
Watching with rapt interest as Steve leaned off the bed, Tony reached for his own pants. He shoved both the pajama bottoms and his briefs down and away, deciding then and there that they’d done enough teasing for one night.
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it again.
Getting his second doctorate had been pretty uneventful, all things considered. He’d written his dissertation ages ago, and with his project finished, Tony was only asked a bunch of questions and then filled out some forms. They handed him his certificate, congratulated him for about four hours and that was it.
Tony nodded gravely, like he truly understood how severe the situation was, and said, “Don’t worry, that’s an easy fix. Did you want me to do it?”
“How did you…” Steve huffed, cold wind sweeping against his face as he pressed a hand against his earpiece. “Never mind. You promised to remove that tracker.”
And that he cared for Steve—that his future self, four years from now would still care about Steve—wasn’t much of a surprise either.
Steve’s cheeks were slightly flushed. The air between them could not have been heavier. Silence stretched, taunted and teased him. With a deep breath designed to support Tony’s confidence, he shook his head and set forward. And Steve waited one second, and another, before he dived in again, too.
girls—and Peggy was like no one he’d ever met before, strong, wilful, independent. And yet…
“One of these days…” Tony told Steve, as soon as they were alone. His voice was full of resignation. “…we’re gonna come home and our son will juggle with knifes and small caliber guns.”
He hugged back instinctively. And when his mind caught up with him the reasoning came crashing in, excuses lining up to explain away why he was hugging a yet-underage student. He didn't pull away, though he tried to keep the hug friendly-professional, no important parts touching, with his own hands safely resting at the center of Tony's back.
Steve thought for a moment, then nodded. “Yeah, SHIELD was pretty thorough, but I can’t catch any diseases anyway.”
“I never allowed myself to want this,” Tony murmured.
Wearing that same smirk that had once, long ago, made Steve’s fingers itch to smack it off his face, Tony nodded. “Got it.”
A low chuckle left Tony’s throat. “Pretty sure Romanoff will give me the world’s most frightening shovel talk at some point but apart from that… I guess it depends on where we take this.”
The way Tony was grinding up against his crotch, he was going to embarrass himself. And quickly.
Steve watched Tony from the short distance between them. Tony's movements were all languid and graceful and he felt an attraction to him that was, it seemed, beyond normal. He ate him up with his eyes and did nothing to hide it. When he had Tony's attention, he gave a curt nod.
Steve nodded, then pressed another, rather chaste kiss against Tony’s lips. “Thank you,” he said. He opened his mouth to say something about Obadiah Stane, about the man they’d hunted down for the better part of the last year, however, what escaped from his lips was anything but what he had planned.
“Geez, thanks,” he said in return. He was leaning against the ceiling high windows, staring out into the jungle, his eyes trailing over the giant panther statue. It was midday, which meant it was sometime around three a.m. in New York.
What was Tony talking about? Why would he think Steve wouldn’t want to see him again?
, Steve’s mind supplied unhelpfully. Tony was stroking himself, slowly and softly, to a rhythm that seemed as practiced and habitual as the one Steve employed on the days when he went for a bath and tried to think about faceless girls to relieve himself.
should've stayed back and let
Their work was too important, and there simply was no one else to do it. So many things had gone wrong already, but they still had a chance to make it right. Accepting an institution—
… you have to let me go!”
Tony looked at Steve for a long, reflective moment before nodding his agreement. “Yeah, all good,” he replied, and—it was. If he just needed to tone down his antics a bit to make this work… It was a small price to pay if it meant he’d get to be with Steve. And if Steve got fed up with him, after all, well… at least they’d tried, and it couldn’t really get worse than his life had been after Ultron.
“He never would’ve let me live this down,” Tony said after a beat of silence, huffing in amusement. “You, me, together. His processor would’ve combusted with the need to come up with something more original than ‘I told you so’.”
Maria nodded determinedly. “You’re absolutely right, Doctor Banner. It isn’t. Now’s the time to put the Winter Soldier in front of a judge, where he belongs.”
“I hurt you,” she told him quietly.
Tony sighed, shaking his head. “This isn’t the only option. I know I said I couldn’t shut down Zola’s algorithm, but Bruce and I… we might still make it before the launch, I just—”
As he landed on the remains of a skyscraper, he felt as though he’d been sleeping for centuries. As though he was awakening to a new existence altogether.
RIGHT??
it wrong, again? Why the hell not just go for it? Tony was right there, wasn't he? If Steve made a move, he would probably go with it.
“I’m the world’s biggest moron,” Tony muttered irritably. He was currently in the bathroom of a rest stop about 50 miles from Roanoke, staring at his reflection in the mirror. “Kiss the guy to distract him from talking about you being attracted to guys. Why, yes, that does seem to be the most reasonable option.”
How could he, though? How could he
It was his dream, so he should be able to control how fast his heart was beating or how red his skin became. He
“This is crazy cool,” Barnes said, his voice awed. He was lying on Steve’s other side, and leaned up a bit to look at Tony. “Thanks for bringing us.”
“I have news for you, my creature.”
“But I did,” he insisted. “I
* * 4/29/18, 10:06 AM * *
“Quitter?” Tony echoed with a raised eyebrow, his tone scandalized. “I’m not a quitter. Just because I won’t take
“Well, you sure make the age gap seem like a non-issue,” Betty observed, smiling at them warmly. Tony was pretty sure that Bruce had told her exactly when and how he and Steve had met and fallen in love, but he also knew she wouldn’t say anything about it.
Bucky was falling. Again. And he was going to die.
But not now.
"So," Bucky's voice echoed in the workshop, making Steve jerk upright. He didn't let go of Tony, but still sent a slightly guilty look towards his friend. "Nice to see you managed to get your head out of your ass. With a head that big, I wasn't sure you'd get it done." He was grinning at them, and Steve felt a small sheepish smile rise to his face.
“I’m on it.”
There was chaos all around him. The large ship Steve had seen from the window was listed heavily by now, and he could see many bystanders, medics and even a few police officers walking around.
He’d known it wouldn’t be easy, even if he hadn’t wanted to consider that Bucky might not remember him at all. Seeing him again without the mask was the best and worst of all things. He’d known it was a possibility that Bucky would fight him to the end, feared its reality and hoped Bucky would have the strength to shatter the monstrosity of his own hell. But how could he, after waiting decades for rescue that hadn’t come? How could he or anyone expect him to remember anything when, in his world, he’d been alone and waiting longer than he or anyone could imagine?
Knowing that, however, didn’t stop Tony from opening the car and starting the ignition. He sighed. He could always say he’d just happened to make a little detour after his meeting, going out for a drink, and meeting Steve there had been a
have heard! It’s madness! I trust Obi. He’s… he’s stood up for me. I can’t—I can’t
“This would be a lot easier if we could… If we call them,” Bucky said, “bring in the others. Explain what’s going on. Fly to Siberia together and stop that bastard.”
He’d got rid of almost everything that reminded him of Steve. Made him negative space. Clearing away all the things that reminded Tony of what he lost.
“I was so worried,” Tony breathed. “What happened?”
Forever. Then, there would be no merciful death, no peace from the burning in his heart.
. Tony had seen him vanish.
Steve knew he should feel insulted at everything that had left Tony’s lips so far, but somehow, he didn’t care all that much. All of this couldn’t be real, and what good would it do him to argue with a man his own imagination had come up with?
to drag his eyes away if only to not lose his sanity. Instead, he stared down at the latest protocol, scrolling back a little and—yup. DUM-E’s code had worked perfectly when Obi had entered the lab, and only when he’d called him a ‘giant pile of crap’, DUM-E had ceased all function.
As soon as he stood right next to Steve, Tony was keenly aware of how clean Steve looked. Perfectly groomed, a white shirt with no creases whatsoever, and grey sweats. And that inevitably reminded him of how he probably looked after a two-day shift in the shop, so…
Steve took a long, steadying breath and stared at the ship. “What happened?”
“My name is Steve,” Steve told Barnes, patting his own chest to establish familiarity with the name. “Steve Rogers. I’m your best friend and I’ve come to take you
With a small jump, Tony came out of his reverie. “You look stunning,” he said, his voice a little throaty.
In the distance, a roll of thunder crashed, and Steve’s body went rigid.
Tony chuckled. “You’re such an old man.”
Tony huffed. “Not for lack of trying.”
Tony was about to stand up and make his presence known, ask what the hell was going on here, but Steve had already turned around and walked across the hallway. The next second, he slipped into the bathroom and a moment later, the shower faucet came on.
… going in the future. Your future version never confirmed it, but you couldn’t be subtle if your life depended on it. So what is it, you’re together? Or is it just sex?”
"I shouldn't have come here," he muttered. What good would it do? Tony'd just turn him out as soon as he saw him, or worse, scream his head off for showing up in the first place, and he'd deserve it. Bucky just made an annoyed sound in response and pressed the button for the appropriate floor.
And he wouldn’t waste it.
“’Cause I’m with you… ‘til the end of the line.”
They shared a grin before breaking eye contact.
“One time could be enough to cause real trouble and you know that.”
, if Steve remembered correctly—raised both her hands, her expression becoming intense for a moment—before a blast wave went through the room, toppling all of the Winter Soldiers to the ground.
When Tony didn’t answer, Steve raised his hand to Tony’s face, realizing that he was silently crying. Gently, he wiped away the tears. “You’re not a monster,” he told him. “A monster doesn’t regret its crimes. You’re still a good man.”
Later, they drove towards northern Italy. With Bucky and Dugan and Morita and Falsworth and all of the others. They were good fellas, each of them specialists in their own field. Well, Dugan was mostly a specialist in cigars, whiskey, and ladies, but that had a certain benefit in itself.
Steve smiled ruefully. “Fine. I’ll be your puppet for the time being if you drop the attitude and kiss me.”
. Why would she kill herself before that? And apart from that, Mister Fury, do you mean to tell me that if you wanted to commit suicide, you’d go to all the trouble of sailing out to sea in a boat, then take a hammer and chisel and laboriously knock holes through the bottom of it?”
With that, he closed the space between them, and pushed himself against Steve. With his whole body. Apparently, Tony had absolutely no qualms about grinding his middle against Steve’s crotch. It seemed he made sure that Steve felt every inch of his body against him.
“Bucky!” Steve shouted in the distance, jumping forward over the guard railing in an attempt to block the Winter Soldier’s path. Tony rushed in their direction, and watched as Barnes—now maskless—stopped in his tracks. He turned around to stare at Steve impassively, as if politely waiting for him to elaborate. When he didn’t, his blank expression changed to one of mild confusion.
“He can’t have been here more than an hour,” Steve told Bucky as they made their way through the Siberian cave.
and that he really
The idea was, at last, beginning to sink in. This was real. This was a real possibility. Tony Stark was actually asking Steve to come with him.
But the smaller, more reasonable voice reminded him that this was something Steve had to work through eventually. And he would. He knew Steve well enough that he could almost see the plan formulating behind his eyes; the promise to free Barnes, damn all the obstacles. Steve always kept his word. And nothing short of a shot to the heart could keep him from doing what he thought was right.
“You sure he’s here, somewhere?”
Tony shook his head and cast Steve a bright smile. “Nothing. Was just drifting off, sorry,” he said, and it was true enough. Everything was going well and there was no reason to make a big deal out of this right now. He should be able to keep it simple. He’d done so all his life, why should things be any different now?
, and that Tony belonged to Steve forever and…
Bucky and Tony were busy fighting to Steve’s right. He could see another man with dark skin and longer hair, and a muscled, blonde woman.
If Steve was going to ‘the’ bar while Tony was away on business meetings, and didn’t tell him, maybe he, he...
“‘m holdin’ my liquor jus’ fine,” Rhodey answered with an eyeroll. Together, they made their way through the crowd, holding on to each other even while shaking hands and saying their goodbyes.
Which meant they had already found whatever they’d been looking for. “Just tell me,” he begged them. “I just want to know what we’re dealing with. Tony’s gonna tell me anyway.”
“The good,” Steve said.
Steve’s mind was stuck on replay.
“Yeah, well, you made a decision. And that meant you couldn’t be with me—
“Impact radius is getting bigger every second,” Natasha supplied. “We’re going to have to make a decision soon.”
A pause.
The words warmed Steve’s heart. He was so relieved that Vision and Tony had talked, and while they all knew that things weren’t the same and would never be again—Steve was sure they’d learn to live with this new situation.
Steve furrowed his brows disapprovingly. “Don’t call him that.”
“What’s yours?”
Tony smiled. “You know what they say about… bad weeds growing tall.”
Steve frowned thoughtfully and nodded. “Yeah. They’re all push-overs.”
Tony’s hands clutched at Steve’s shoulders as he rode out the waves for what felt like hours. He groaned and felt Steve flex beneath him, hooking both arms around Tony’s waist. He dropped him down on the mattress and leaned up on his knees. He held both of Tony’s ankles in his hand and continued to thrust into him with single-minded intent. And when, only moments later, Steve cried out in response, filling him up so good and slumping down the next moment, all Tony could do was kiss his forehead and take his weight.
, Tony thought, and despite it all, he felt fear and panic crawling up his spine. And repeating thoughts of
Tony hummed in agreement.
This was going to hurt. A lot.
“But I have to admit I’ve always liked you best when you were brutally honest with me, no matter how annoying it was,” Tony added, a bit more quiet, but no less sincere.
Strange caught his wrist with both hands and hauled. Steve struggled against the raging wind, then fell through the portal.
“Uhm… I've never actually been here myself,” he said as the three of them stepped out of the elevator, “but my assistant told me each suite has pajamas and toothbrushes and all that, so… feel free to make use of anything you find in there.”
Peter looked down, though Tony caught the confusion in his eyes. “And you broke up over that lawsuit?”
of our situation, Tony. I told you, it’s not about the what—”
“Very funny.” Tony thought about saying more but the quip died before he voiced it. He wished he could have a sliver of their coolness, but it had all evaporated the second some police officer had raised his gun to shoot at Steve.
good way. And I… this is enough, don’t get me wrong. At this point, I’m pretty sure everything we do is still a million times better than doing this with anyone else, ...and please know that you can totally say no here... It doesn’t need to be today, of course, or ever, for that matter, I—”
That they lived it together.
* * *
Tony shrugged a little stiffly. He pulled the glasses from his nose and put them on the table next to him. “Wasn’t meant to be. I kept… I kept struggling with the way things were left between us, but today I think they knew how I felt anyway. Mom did. And dad, I mean… Howard was an ass and we didn’t get along too well, but… he was my father and I was his son, so I’d like to think he knows I loved him anyways.”
. He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. How could he have been so stupid?
“Did you see how I flipped that guy in the air?” Sam was walking backwards along the corridor, facing Steve while they headed towards the medical floor. The Quinjet had just touched down on the roof of Avengers Tower, and Bucky had joined them on the landing deck, helping Natasha with carrying Clint inside.
Tony was right, of course. Everything had changed, and now they were on new, unfamiliar grounds. He was a little relieved to find this hadn't been strictly his imagination, and a little mortified of how Tony would react to this change, but he tried to not let any of that show.
Tony was kneeling again, and he held Steve’s gaze as his mouth dipped toward his cock. His tongue tentatively curled around the tip of him, sucking him between his lips.
For a moment, Tony couldn’t look at him. Couldn’t look at the raw pain that took hold of Steve’s face.
In the days that followed, Steve rarely left Tony’s side.
“Just the question I was going to ask,” Bucky said via the comm line. He sounded agitated. “Anyone hurt?”
“Goddammit,” Clint said, evidently unhampered by the awkwardness of the situation. “I expect a state of the art tractor, Tony, all extras, in shiny purple, are we clear?”
Tony couldn’t help but stare. And he found himself watching the subtle movement of Steve’s hips thrusting forward as he walked towards the time machine. Suddenly, Tony had this vivid vision of those hips against his own, Steve’s naked body upon him, the scent of him in his nose, the feel of him when he’d push inside.
Anyway. The rest of the team had taken him coming from another time completely in stride. Bucky and Natasha had cancelled their weekend plans, and the other members of the Avengers had been informed as well, so only a few hours later, Bruce, Sam and Clint had joined them at the Compound.
Around them, the Kamar-Taj was buzzing with the voices of Strange’s men. All the young sorcerers-in-training who had survived the latest battle with Thanos were outside, fighting the fight. Their mentor, Wong, was looking at Tony warily from across the library.
She held his gaze a beat longer, then sighed her resignation and glanced back to the pavement. “Sometimes.” She shrugged. “It’s just the way I am.”
“What am I even doing here,” Tony wondered when he closed the casing. He leaned forward, burying his face into the crook of his arm and pressed the phone to his ear. For minutes he kept it there, grimacing at nothing, before he blindly dialed Steve’s number. It took a whole lot longer for him to pick up than it did before, and Tony only realized how relieved he was to hear the free-line signal when it resounded.
, Tony replied and Steve blinked with surprise when he noticed the bitter undertone in his voice.
Maybe he just needed to accept it. That Tony had never been meant to be Steve’s. He’d always been Indries’—and always would be. There was something about losing your one great love that just left you hollow, and it had never been in Steve’s power to heal Tony’s wounds.
. You are perfect to me.”
“Great,” Steve agreed and stood up to hug Bucky, but the UN soldiers were gesturing towards the exit rather hurriedly now, so Steve only clasped a hand on his shoulder. “Safe flight.”
“God, the way you look,” Tony murmured as he glanced down at Steve.
“What makes you think there’s something on my mind?”
Totally hot.
This wasn’t how it should be. It wasn’t what they had intended for Ultron.
Steve took a low breath. “Natasha told me that Pepper wanted me to know you’re back here, and I came because I had to… because you were hurt. I needed to see if you need medical treatment.”
Sam shrugged, following Natasha. “Tony said he wants bacon.”
Tony snorted as Steve pulled his hips up to shove the pillow beneath him. “God, we’re so terribly married.”
"So long as we try, we'll make it work," he said, sure of that with his entire being. All they needed was to put in the effort. Tilting his head, he let the small smile he'd felt creeping to his face widen. "I'm sure the team would be thrilled to hear you want back in on the action."
Later, upon Steve’s request, they stopped at a huge-assed pink elephant to make a selfie, taking it as the metaphor it sure as hell wasn’t meant to be.
Tony had no idea when exactly he’d lost his heart to Steve. By all means, it should be impossible that he was still able to feel for him like that, but… maybe it had always secretly belonged to him and Tony had just been too blind to see it.
Tonight had been the picture of a perfect wedding. He knew Tony had wanted to make it as special for him as possible. Billie Holiday was humming out the lyrics to “I’m Yours”. It had been Steve’s only wish for the playlist, and it might be a bit cliché. However, the second he’d listened to the song back in the 40s, it had stuck a chord within him, and he remembered thinking: ‘If I ever get to have a wedding, this is what I’ll be dancing to’. And now that he swayed with Tony from side to side, he could live with being a bit of a cliché as long as it meant he got to have this moment.
Tony pushed himself up onto an elbow. He was apparently not in the workshop, but instead lying on his bed in the tower. Outside, the New York skyline looked amazingly normal. No fires, no explosions, no screams of endless torment, no broken skyscrapers.
With that, Tony leaned down and grabbed for the tent’s manual.
Tony frowned. “May.”
“No, of course not, sir. There is no problem.”
He had a feeling he was slowly getting the hang of it, even the internet, but he still felt too slow, and most of what came out of people’s mouth was way over his head.
There was a long beat of silence. Tony stared down at Obi and Obi stared back.
“And it still is?”
He brushed his thumb over Steve’s fingers. “I’m glad you think so. You can’t imagine how much.”
. They’d never meet. He jerked back.
Steve staggered back, blocking the next blow. “You
Tony sighed, while playing with the few hairs beneath Steve’s belly button. “If you really want him to move up here… We would need to start with monitored daily releases. Ease him into it. Or perhaps once a week, depending on how much he pisses me off.”
They all walked through the big doors and were instantly overwhelmed with the smell of mildew and something that could only be described as ‘grandmother’s attic’. Steve had always loved the time capsule aspect of the whole thing—the place was built to recall earlier times, and stayed frozen in the era of its birth ever since.
Tony stuttered to a complete stop. “Did you really just spring that on me out of nowhere? Who are you, Confucius?”
Steve held out the other hand, waiting patiently until Tony passed him the still half-full tumbler. His eyes were calm and betrayed nothing. He was simply studying him. “More?” he asked after Tony had finished.
There was a longer pause, and something in Tony’s expression gentled as he stepped up to him, reaching for both of his hands. “How’re you holding up?”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut and took a deep breath. “Could you… Why are you asking me this?”
“Bucky…” Steve pleaded, before he pulled his helmet off, carelessly throwing it to the side.
“Stop devaluing yourself. It’s not like you and frankly, it’s freaking me out.”
“I like the stretch,” Tony replied easily.
Steve thought desperately.
“Thanks for babysitting, James,” Steve told Rhodey and clapped a hand on his shoulder as he walked in.
“It’s a… Mayday Switch,” Tony answered. “A code, for shutting me down.”
He passed the phone to Natasha, and when a soft defeated breath resounded within the car, Steve let his head drop back against headrest.
Steve chuckled at that and shook his head. "Don't be silly."
Tony's posture was hunched, and he seemed absorbed in whatever it was he was doing. Steve considered the sight of him in a tank top. The guy was attractive, he thought, then shook his head firmly at himself. He
“Yeah, I know,” Steve said, his eyes on Barnes even as he munched happily on the onion. “Good for him. He seems to have fun.”
“Right,” Clint started. “This is officially creepy. I keep expecting Freddy Krueger to pop out.”
the holographic version of Maria Stark said.
He’d never bothered dealing justice to those who deserved it. Sending the guilty into the fiery pits of Hell where they’d be tormented with their worst nightmares had been his job for a good few millennia.
A muffled sob escaped Tony’s throat when Steve sped up. He was sucking and nibbling at Tony’s neck, pulling the thin skin between his lips to the point of almost-pain. And all Tony could do was turn his head sideways to give Steve better access, fingers taking hold of Steve’s neck and bringing his mouth closer. He loved how Steve took complete control over his body, taking him however he wanted, hurting and soothing, wrecking and mending in any way he pleased.
“Sure,” Steve said and automatically took a step aside, as the Iron Man suit bled all across Tony’s body, assembling around him. The next thing Steve knew, Iron Man’s eyes flared to life as the two of them walked towards the exit.
You come here, encouraging him to pursue his naïve dreams of a better world. Trying to destroy everything I’ve built these last few years.”
By that time, Steve wanted nothing more than leave this horrible ball. Or at least slip away to some quiet room for just a few minutes.
There was movement on the other side of the door. Footsteps. And yet, Steve was almost surprised when the door finally opened.
,” Steve said vehemently. “I agreed, remember? We get information, talk about it some more, then we’ll see where it goes.”
Tony closed the door behind himself and wordlessly retrieved a first aid kit from one of the cabinets, making sure to stay in Barnes’ line of sight while he moved around the room. He set it down next to Barnes and stood there, regarding him for a long moment. Barnes seemed to shrink under his gaze when he glanced at the kit, then turned his eyes away.
Bucky kissed the side of her neck, and then dragged his tongue along her jugular as he spread her folds open with his fingers, breathing softly against her ear. “True,” he admitted. “And yet… I could’ve met a thousand women and I still wouldn’t want anyone but you.”
Everyone was already here, Steve realized—Maria and Phil, Pepper and Happy, Rhodey, and the rest of his team. He greeted them all, accepting the many heartfelt congratulations with as little bashfulness as he could, before he made to ready the table for dinner.
Natasha hopped off the last step onto the filthy basement floor. It looked as if no one had stepped in here for decades. The space was huge, the same square footage as the ammunition bunker above it.
"He really doesn't need his ego patted, Steve," Bruce called from across the table. The science professor was sitting comfortably next to his wife, Betty, nursing a glass of wine and wearing what Steve assumed was his finest tuxedo suit. Steve laughed at that, nodding his head. That was true enough. He recalled Bruce's indignant expression when Steve had told him about the development in his and Tony's relationship. They had gone to that same shitty cafe and Steve was buying. Bruce had seemed ready to high-five him.
Pietro grinned at him and Tony would enjoy knocking the smug smirk off the guy’s smarmy face. Wanda herself was probably the biggest contender, if she wanted to fight them. The girl didn’t look like much, but Tony had seen the way she’d handled herself. That woman could put up a fight.
This was getting ridiculous.
He didn’t know what Tony wanted anymore, at all.
“Yeah,” he said. “I’m here.”
“No, but it’s run by people with agendas and agendas change. If we sign these, we surrender our right to choose. What if this panel sends us somewhere we don’t think we should go. What if it’s somewhere we need to go, and they don’t let us?”
This couldn't be the desert. The light was all wrong, the sand under him… wasn’t sand. The air tasted different. His hands were at someone’s throat—
apparently killed his parents. He refused to go out of the way to get on Barnes’ good side. Either Barnes took what he offered him, or he didn’t. Easy as that.
There was a picture frame on a small end table in front of him and a smile rose to Steve’s lips as he took it in his hands. The photograph showed all of the initial Avengers—Nat, Bruce, Thor, Clint, Tony and him. Steve remembered the moment well. It had been a couple of months after the Chitauri invasion, just after they had moved into Avengers Tower. Tony had declared it a ‘Historic Event’ and forced them to wear their full battle gear as they posed on the landing platform of Avengers Tower.
just like that. I only want to help him.”
“You pretty much drank yourself under the table last night,” Rhodey murmured. “I found you in some pub in Gatlinburg. It’s a miracle they had any bottles left.”
Tony felt himself hardening and his whole body grew hot. Yeah, that was—really not the time for a boner, he thought, but his eyes clearly had other ideas as they took in Steve’s broad back, his thinning waist, his pert ass and very nice thighs.
Tony shivered. “Together. Until the end.”
see you. You’re as bright as the sun. And far too good for me.”
“Hey, Rogers.” Nat’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts, and Steve hastily brushed the hands over his cheeks, cleaning the evidence of his tears.
Bruce snorted, glancing at Sam. “That’s his solution for everything.”
Once more he tried to find the right words, but when Tony looked up, his eyes captured him in a storm of uncertainty. There was something between them, something Steve couldn’t quite name yet, but it frightened him to the bones.
In the back, the others were quietly trailing out of the room, too. Sam and Wanda without another comment, Vision with a pat to Tony’s back that Tony really didn’t know what to make of.
this chance to be with each other without the two of you. Don’t you understand?” Natasha asked, shaking her head at him, as if Tony was insanely stupid for not getting it. “I didn’t have any hope of finding James again, and keeping him had been something out of reach my entire life. Trust me, this is the very least we can do. And I know he can be without me for now, and he knows the same about me, too.”
Steve took it down with one swift movement, then fell in step beside Tony. Together, they moved on and fought side by side, as if they’d done it all their lives.
Natasha shook her head, smiling dismissively.
“If we want to stay low-key, we should probably not take Vision with us.”
“Remember your birthday party?” Rhodey asked. “The one where you drunk-whined about how you were having the hots for Steve instead of telling me you were dying?”
, was smearing some oily fluid that was leaking out of his chest plate with the back of his gauntlet. Sam had apparently also hit his cooling system. Lovely.
“Tony—” Steve called next to him, his eyes impossibly large. “My God.”
. I’m more worried that I’m not going to be able to go back to the everyday stuff. I feel like I’m in such a different mindset now than I was last month. I fought by
After washing up a little and relieving himself, Steve stood in front of the mirror for a long moment, staring at his dishevelled reflection. He had let Tony into his body, Steve thought absentmindedly There was no higher declaration of trust and connection, as far as he was concerned. How did Tony feel about the whole thing? Steve wasn't sure. All he had to go with were words of love uttered in stealth.
Shit. Shit. Shit.
Tony hadn’t realized that, everything was a little dizzying, a ringing underlying all of the other sounds. “Am I?” he asked.
“Make sure to take the right door,” Sam added. “This place is ridiculous. I already got lost twice.”
“Or beer?” Steve suggested. “We have nonalcoholic.”
“It’s been so long since I’d reached any form of happiness,” Tony whispered, reverently. “But I think you could make me happy.”
Vision grabbed the glass by the side of the bed with a smile, and allowed Tony to take a few sips from the straw. “That’s enough,” he said gently, pulling the glass away. “It’s unhealthy to overdo it at this point.”
Whatever it was—there was one thing Stane hadn’t taken into consideration.
A flush colored Steve’s ivory skin. “You think we were too obvious?”
His free hand settled on top of Steve’s cock, massaging the length of it while he finally pushed forward. He went slowly, but didn’t stop the movement, until the digit was all the way in. And wow, Steve was like a furnace inside. Sure, he’d always run hot, something about the enhanced metabolism, if Tony had to guess, but this—
In a blink, it had been destroyed. The home he’d built for them. Gone. Just like those days. All of them gone.
“Why me?” Tony demanded to know. “I thought you were the Sorcerer Supreme here!”
Steve smiled. “About six or seven times.”
For now, he was still in the RV, though, hiding away and licking his metaphorical wounds.
Steve took a deep, calming breath. “Tony, copy now.”
So… maybe he wasn’t Steve’s boyfriend, after all.
Steve swallowed. “Not… really.” His gaze didn’t waver, but he dropped his eyes eventually, and sighed. “For as long as I can remember I… I was used to not getting what I wanted for myself. I was alright with the fact that my responsibilities came first. My friends, my team… everyone. But now… knowing that this might be mine… makes me worry I won’t get it, you know?”
Tony couldn’t help himself, staring at Steve bluntly. He looked so good like this, writhing beneath him, obviously unsure if he wanted to draw back or push down more firmly.
Tony stared at Steve, who still just looked into the sky, doing absolutely nothing. “Cap!”
“Ugh!” Steve just exclaimed, looking adorably distraught.
A snort. Then, Tony took another sip. “No kidding.”
No one would see it.
“Fine. I’ll call you after we get settled, all right? It’s been a few busy weeks.”
We hope you enjoy this treat after all the dramatics :)
Tony’s eyes found the ground, anger receding. Rhodey was pointing a sandwich at him expectantly, but Tony shook his head. “No. Bring me another coffee?” he asked, and
When the steps quieted down, Tony released a low breath. “The last time I saw the guy, he threatened to take me down with a taser. Not looking forward to what he’ll have to say if he finds out I’m sullying his childhood hero’s virtue.”
A woman who’d introduced herself as Natasha Romanov had told him to meet her there, and Steve didn’t have any problems finding the room, although he had to walk through several hallways. Only once he stood at the entrance, he had to stop for a minute to take it all in.
“Why don’t you come over for dinner some time?” Tony asked after a moment. “I know Rhodey would like to meet you again, and I’d be happy to have you there, too. We could train a bit together. We have two whole training floors.”
Standing up, he realized he wouldn’t have been able to defeat her. She had gained the advantage over him, and the only reason he wasn’t dead by now was that she hadn’t wanted to kill him.
“Steve?” Tony was suddenly right in front of him, his brown eyes searching him. “You with me?”
“You’re coming with us?” Steve asked. He’d thought Bucky might, but he hadn’t wanted to count on it, and he pushing him felt wrong.
Considering their mutual history, it shouldn’t be a big surprise. However, when it had become clear that the team would assemble again, Tony had asked Rhodey to simply let it rest—to not say anything to Barnes about murdering his parents, to simply treat him like you would treat a business colleague. Polite, respectful—indifferent.
your friend, too,” Tony shot back, finding himself clutching at Steve’s shoulder, and the imminence of his tears grew even sharper.
She nodded, then shrugged. “Just checking if James tried to contact me.”
“You alright?” Steve asked, staring intently at Tony’s face. He didn’t seem to be hurt, but it took just one glance to notice that he seemed… closed off, somehow.
It seemed Ian was always crying these days—and he couldn’t fix it. He changed him, and fed him, and rocked him in the chair. He was still screaming, his face red-streaked as he took shaky gulps of air.
Tony closed his eyes, as he pulled up his pants. “I really hate you, Rogers,” he mumbled, then dropped down in the seat, dropping his face into both hands.
It was… nice. Nicer than Steve should probably think it was. Tony stopped struggling much sooner than he'd expected, settled down against him and, as far as he could tell, was happily dozing off.
“Seriously, Tony. What. The. Hell. Happened? You guys were like bros-at-first-sight. For
“I saw your look, earlier,” Tony explained. “When he turned away from you. You don’t have to worry. You’re his hero, I’m always telling him that you’re not there only because you try to make the world a better place.”
When he leaned back, Steve’s face was flushed, and Tony smiled at him. Sitting up a bit, Tony reached for his back pockets and pulled out his phone. Steve sported an adorably confused expression when he typed on it for a moment, but understanding dawned soon after, as the workshop’s glass front blackened out.
“Unless our sprogs decide to do something stupid,” Tony joked.
But now, being confronted with the chaos, the ruins of this city, Tony wondered if they were really doing the right thing. Did they help? Or were they the ones to bring all those horror to the people in the first place?
Tony let Steve cover him without any resistance, or maybe he was just too sleepy to care what Steve did. He only reached for him when the blanket was set in place, and Steve took the extended hand and squeezed it gently before setting it back on top of the blanket.
Ian was so
Steve hummed his confirmation. “Yeah, we noticed. Helped us a great deal. Now, take the towel off.”
Steve rolled his eyes, though he really had a bad feeling about this. “Alright then. If you wanna spar, let’s spar.”
But he knew better. Tony wouldn't react well to being confronted about things he said when he thought Steve was sleeping. He might not deny it, but Steve couldn't predict a reaction either way, and he didn't want to break the spell just for the childish act of asking if Tony really meant it.
“Steve,” he said, a warm smile brightening his face. “There you are.”
years—first fighting it both visibly and vocally—to get along on a basic level. Then staying in contact, and finally coming back to each other’s side when they realized they were much better off when they worked together.
And Tony was… he was…
much. I tried getting over the part where I mourned you, but… it didn’t work out. When Bucky was in cryostasis, I… I hit a wall. Headfirst, full-speed. I sat by his side for hours, and I… talked. I told him everything. All my regrets. Not just about you, but
Three days later, Steve walked up to his temporary room in Tony’s mansion. It was midnight, and he’d just returned from helping with construction work in the city center.
“Well, your choice,” Tony answered matter-of-factly. “Once this dream is over, I’ll already have the next chit at the ready. And there’s always the one after that. That’s the one good thing about being who I am.” He took another, much longer sip, and Steve noticed he didn’t even flinch as he swallowed the alcohol down.
Tony must’ve fallen asleep again. Fingers were tracing his cheek, and someone was whispering his name. “Come on, wake up. That can’t be comfortable.”
“They have to,” Peter Quill said, looking into Gamora’s eyes. “Nebula wouldn’t want it to be for nothing.”
He didn’t know what to do with that, but then Steve set into motion, his hold on Tony tightening as he walked through the doorway. Tony let his head drop on Steve’s shoulder, and whenever he opened his eyes, he saw the broken remains of their home, the debris, the numerous holes in the wall, the shattered pieces of what had once been theirs.
Sam’s voice resounded in his ear-piece. “Cap? Cap, come in. Are you okay?”
Catching his image in the mirror, Tony suppressed a grimace. He looked terrible. His eyes were bruised and the dark circles beneath highlighted just how gray his normally healthy skin looked. God, it was an effort to just stand there. Sighing deeply, Tony turned around and decided that, today, he was going to do absolutely
‘Basic medical equipment’ turned out to be two rusty small beds, a wall of cabinets, a few instrument tables, shelves, an old monitor and even older machinery.
“Just because you couldn’t get through to him doesn’t mean that I can’t,” he snapped at her and immediately wanted to take the words back, but it was too late. There was a brief look of hurt on Natasha’s face, before she schooled her expression. Then, she turned on her heels and made to move back into the house.
"You'll always have a place on the team if you want it. It's not like your position was taken by anyone else when you left. And… no one can take your place, anyway."
. You can’t stop this,” Tony said, giggling. “He made Extremis a part of his body. He made it a closed system, and I’m in every last one of his cells. There is no way out!”
—of longing, and now this. Now there was a chance.
Guys, I'm deeply sorry I didn't finish the story until now. This will be my last chapter - and my last fanfiction, for now. I've just signed a contract for an original YA trilogy at a publishing house (YAY!) ... so I won't have as much time as I used to have. When Avengers:Endgame will come out, I might try to write a final installment of Say When, tho, I'm just not sure it will be in 2019.
And not Steve preparing himself for yet another battle.
“Steve? What’s wrong?” Tony murmured, rubbing his eyes.
“Here you are,” Steve said, setting Tony’s drink down in front of him and one of these blooming onions he loved so much in the middle of the table. Retrieving a bottle of beer from his jacket, he wrapped one arm around Tony. “Sorry. Didn’t ask if you wanted anything, Jim, ladies.”
Tony awoke with slow leisure, finding his head pillowed on Steve’s chest, while a pleasant ache lingered in his limbs. There was a deep sense of soreness, his thighs were tender, his insides still warm.
Slowly, Steve walked closer, kneeling down in front of Tony. He took both his hands in his own. “What are you talking about?” he asked. “I don’t understand.”
The room exploded with several sharp knocks to the closed door, making them both jump and Steve’s eyes shoot wide with alarm.
He knew that he had been supposed to be a soulless monster. They had made him a symbol of death and terror, and he had thought he always would be. He’d never even realized how lost he was without her. But he always was. Just some lost soldier who had forgotten he ever had a home.
“Which you should know,” Tony joked on a grunt. He bucked against the intruding finger, shoving down against Steve’s cock while he let Steve slowly open him up. “God, fuck me,” he ground out after many minutes, when Steve still had too-many goddamn fingers in him.
"And they say I'm the boy scout," Steve said, keeping his tone dry, even as his eyes twinkled with humor and desire he didn't even bother hiding. He thought of the best location to do this, and ruled out his own room right off the bat. His room would require going through the common room where a debriefing was taking place. He couldn't think of a single excuse to not stick around once they got there, and he knew sitting around thinking about Tony's naked body and all the things he wanted to do to him would just be counterproductive.
“I do love you. So much,” he said when he pulled back, Steve’s gaze was so direct it was startling.
It seemed impossible to grasp it all at once. That Ian was here now, after all the struggle, all the sleepless nights. But taking one look at him, at his rosy cheeks, his soft skin, and his tiny—
Tony huffed and tried to walk away, winding his way out of Steve’s almost-embrace. Steve only stepped closer, however, keeping Tony right where he was. “Stay,” he said. “Please.”
Tony shook his head vehemently. “Are you nuts? I sure as hell won’t put my ass out of a
Disarming the last mercs on his way was simple, since Clint had taken out most of them by the time Steve even got there.
Still, it was no use.
Steve was here.
“That’s not…” Bruce trailed off, leaning down to examine the disc beneath the microscope. After a moment, a sigh left his lips and he glanced up at Tony with an expression that was half exasperation and half pride. “Alright, genius. Let’s go over the formula again, see if it works in theory, and once the new equipment is set up, we can do some test runs.”
Tony swallowed, taking a few steps into the darkened space of the penthouse. The space that was empty. Of course Steve would’ve eventually left for the party on his own.
He rose up on his elbows and looked over. “Who are you?” he demanded.
“All the more reason to enjoy you.” With that, Tony took that last step forward, and then his chest was firmly pressed against Steve’s chest, and something hard against Steve’s thighs. A flood of heat pooled in his middle, and all at once, Steve felt very hot and very hard himself.
“You… are?” Tony asked, then back-paddled. “I mean, yeah, it’s good to see you, too, Cap. We thought we’d lost you.”
“How old-school of you,” Tony mumbled, but unfolded the paper anyway. It was a newspaper article. On top, there was a headline:
It seemed like a lifetime ago.
But Steve didn’t
“Morning?” Tony mumbled against Steve’s mouth.
His throat was suddenly hoarse. “Why would you think so?”
“You’ve always been too human,” the soldier mocked him. He dropped to his knees and grabbed Bucky’s shoulders, adding, as he whirled him around, “Still trying to find your place in the world,
“You’re on the tower’s medical floor. Your file says you’re going to make a full recovery.”
"I got a good few lungfuls, don't think it did anything, though." He looked at his hands, pulled up one shoulder, then the other. Nothing felt out of the ordinary. "I think I'm good, but I'll go get the decontaminator going. Don't wanna take any chances." Indicating with his head, Steve then turned to do exactly that.
In the wake of the vision, there was a kind warmth in Steve’s chest, like things were finally as they should be. The kiss lingered, and it felt like coming home. The soft lips against his own were so familiar, so right. He could continue kissing Antonius forever.
Wanda blinked, biting her lower lip before she seemed to remember herself and schooled her expression to something pointedly neutral. “You mean you want us to come work for you?”
“Worried about Sokovia?”
An hour later, Steve waved at the others as the elevator’s doors closed. After asking FRIDAY to lock the penthouse, he turned around and saw Tony standing at the foot of the stairs, tossing the can of chocolate frosting from one hand to the other, smirking at him.
* * *
“Can we stay in contact?” he asked. “I know Ross is still monitoring you, but…”
“Cheerio, nerd-king,” Bucky called.
you.”
“Hey,” Steve replied without any heat. This was the most direct-approach of Tony speaking to him he’d gotten in weeks. So he’d just take it. “And I’ve been there before,” he went on, pointedly ignoring Tony’s snort. “When I was five or so. My ma dragged me there because I was all over locomotives and railroads. It’s fun.” He smiled when Tony looked back at him with a raised eyebrow. “What? There are little towns. And little circuses. And an airport. And churches. And anyway, there are buttons to push that make things light up and move. What five-year-old wouldn’t like that?”
Steve smiled as he panted, struggling to catch breath. They stumbled into the tent together, mindful to pull the zipper up behind them. When Steve turned around to look at Tony, though, he was already sitting in the middle of the tent, looking at the ground with a serious expression.
The golden ring was perfectly smooth on the outside, but beneath the surface, there were… small fragments. Tiny splitters that almost looked like…
“Good. No condom, then,” he said with another smile, and let the condoms drop back into the drawer. He leaned back, kneeling down between Steve’s thighs. He then put a hand on both of Steve’s legs and coaxed him to raise his knees a little, giving Tony better access.
When Steve turned around, he realized Bucky had gone completely still. He wasn’t moving at all, and only stared at Steve; half stunned, half aghast. Then, slowly, his bewildered eyes travelled over to where Tony stood, before they snapped back to Steve.
Steve shook his head in stubborn denial. “This is different. I knew he wasn’t responding to my words, and I kept pushing. I pushed until he did this to you.”
“They’ll be busy being awed,” Steve replied, his voice dulled as he muttered the words into Tony’s suit jacket. “This is amazing, Tony. Can’t even imagine how many people this will help. To think you can finally get some sort of closure on things that haunted you your whole life… It’s wonderful.”
. I know the signs.” She pressed a kiss against Steve’s cheek. “It’s not as crazy as you might think it is.”
, just short of a day after Tony had stormed out of his and Steve’s apartment, and well in the middle of the night, could only mean one thing.
Rhodey inclined his head toward Steve’s sketchpad. “Am I interrupting?”
Steve hummed, smiling even broader. “It was a tease, that’s what it was.”
Bruce nodded with a hint of his old meekness and did not argue.
SR 11:49 P.M.>I need to touch you again
Steve grinned and shook his head. “You took up the pamphlet. Your idea. Come on, don’t be scared, I’ll protect you.”
He hummed appreciatively against Steve’s mouth, cupping both sides of his head to draw him nearer. Steve’s hair was still damp and the blond strands somewhat tousled, and Tony loved how he could still trace Steve’s wonderfully unique scent underneath all those fragrances.
“I’m taking the tent. Tony and Sam can share the sofa,” Steve called, voice raising octaves to be heard over the squabbling that broke out. He caught Tony’s gaze. “This is your trip. Let me take the tent.”
Natasha smiled, nodded, and leaned down to press a light kiss on his forehead. Then, she left the room.
Tony perked a brow and Steve caught a glimpse of a cocky smirk. “Hell no.”
Slowly, Tony brought their mouths together. The kiss remained soft and all too short, and Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s after. “That might… potentially… be the case, yeah,” he admitted quietly and a nervous chuckle sputtered through his lips. “That’s a first for me, so be gentle.”
Tony hummed, suddenly chuckling. When he was done, he returned Steve’s smile. “It was a start,” he answered and for the first time since Siberia—or Ultron, really—he looked at Steve like the only thing that mattered was this moment, right here, right now.
“Here,” he said.
* * *
Steve scrambled over the peak, heading for the spot where he could see a handful of HYDRA agents running out of the building in utter panic. Just a wild guess, but that’s probably where Tony had gone in.
“Sweetheart,” Steve said slowly, “calm down. It’s all right. All right? It doesn’t have to be perfect. And you don’t have to do it alone. Please let us help.”
“While you’re at the whole sharing-your-feelings thing, which—honestly—is freaking me out a bit… maybe it’s time to lay a few more cards on the table,” Tony said. Since he’d strapped himself to that machine, he’d been awfully quiet, not meeting either of their gazes—not even Steve’s. He seemed conflicted, and up until now, Steve had figured it was because of what he’d seen about Project Insight, but now he wasn’t so sure anymore.
Steve nodded, pulled back and thrust back into Tony hard enough to shake the tractor. Steve’s head flew back somewhat, his hands finding Tony’s hips and squeezing him with a tight grip.
It used to be an inside joke between them, Tony thought with a pang of sadness, and he saw Steve’s mouth instinctively quirking into a fleeting half-smile before he wrestled it down.
do this instead?"
Steve’s apartment was not completely dark, owing to the fact that the curtains were open and a not insignificant amount of moonlight was pouring in from the four big ceiling-to-floor windows. Two large bags leaned against one of the empty bookshelves and there were several moving boxes on the floor. Otherwise, the apartment was completely emptied out.
If Tony had anything at all to say about it, they wouldn’t be going anywhere. After a solid week of the government systematically driving him crazy about Lagos, the last thing he wanted to do on a Saturday evening was get dressed up and go to a goddamn banquet for the CIA.
“I…” Steve said, planning to continue with something equally bawdy, but only managed an unwitty, “Okay.”
“I haven’t told him yet. That I’m… into guys. Shit, I should’ve told him first.”
“Anything to see?” Tony asked.
," he echoed. "You're sitting here looking like Tony's one of your best friends, and all you have to give me is that you don't know?"
The whole battle had been taxing for Tony, Steve mused as he watched him struggling for breath and taking off his helmet. He'd seen the haunted look on his face when the details of the emergency had come in and they went to suit up. It was amazing he'd held out this long.
The hours that followed washed over Steve in waves. By now, he knew every detail there was to know about the night Indries had died. How Tony had pushed her too hard, how she’d fallen to the ground, hitting her head. How Stane had helped him get rid of the body.
“You know, I’m getting really tired of hearing that,” Steve replied, taking a step forward with his shield raised, and he stared Tony straight in the eyes. “What if we don’t let you do that?”
Bucky’s expression didn’t change. He sat on a chair a little ways off the table.
He swallowed hard when Steve’s arms wound around Tony’s chest protectively. Not that it’d do them any good at this point. Steve pressed Tony’s back into the mattress and cupped his face, bringing his mouth to his own. His lips were soft and welcoming, and yet so very cautious. As though he feared Tony would vanish, too. As though this moment they were having was fragile enough that if he handled it roughly, it would no longer exist.
of you.”
And soon, it would be gone.
“No, it wasn’t,” Natasha agreed. “But I know he understands why you did it. He won’t hold it against you.”
He was supposed to be dead. Why wasn’t he dead?
“What Tony wants to say,” Bucky said, ignoring the eye-roll Tony cast him at that. “is that we got good news and bad. Which would you like to hear first?”
Tony smiled. “Always.” With a soft caress at Steve’s neck, he opened the door of the shower stall and stepped out.
“Ah, I see,” Natasha said, and it might be Steve’s current state of mind, but she looked almost a bit amused. “I’ll see what I can do. Maybe talk to Stark again… I think he owes me a few explanations. By the way, did you ever read the file Fury gave you on him?”
“Cuddles and dimmed light,” Tony mumbled after a minute. “If we ignore the slime-monster from outer space and my little freak out, we might as well call this our first date.”
“You want me to be your…” he swallowed thickly, “partner?”
“To be honest, I didn’t really think you’d turn up here right away,” Tony said, tone friendly. He motioned for the two of them to step inside. “I only just started working on it a few hours ago and I… don’t have much to show yet. Basically, I only have rough schematics and those aren’t all that impressive.”
“Is officially Tony’s. Pepper already got the adoption papers settled. Wasn’t too much of a problem with us being married.”
Once more, Gamora stepped forward to catch her sister’s elbow. “There has to be another way, Nebula.”
Eventually, Tony pulled out of Steve, and fell on his back. He grabbed for his dress shirt and cleaned them both off as best as he could. Then, since the couch wasn’t big enough to lie side-by-side, he once more draped his exhausted body over Steve’s sated form. He brushed two sticky strands of hair off Steve’s forehead, leaning closer. “Come on, talk to me,” he whispered into his ear. “What happened?”
Stepping out of the shower, Tony quickly toweled off. Avoiding his reflection in the mirror, he ran a quick comb through his hair, then wrapped a dry towel around his hips, and made an embarrassingly fast beeline for the bed, practically jumping on top of it. He tried to take up some kind of casual slash no-I-didn’t-wait-here-for-you position, which led to him looking like some obscured version of Rose DeWitt Bukater. Then, the elevator doors in the living room opened and steps echoed across the hallway.
Iron Man gripped his body and pulled him into a fierce embrace. Next to them, Bucky’s form was tumbling down, rushing headfirst towards the water’s surface.
"Doesn't look like a failure from where I'm standing," Steve admitted, still watching the arm pull back and turn towards him. "This is… really amazing," he said, smiling at Tony. "It's hearing us, isn't it?"
He jerked a little when he felt Tony’s hand on his own. “T-takes t-two to t-tango…” he said, stuttering so badly he barely got the words out.
Steve looked down at himself, at his brown pants, his tattered leather jacket and the blue shirt with the white star beneath.
“Interesting,” Bruce said quietly. He had one of the vials in his hands, twirling it back and forth. “Maybe we could talk to them sometime.”
Tony heaved a breath and stood up, pacing back and forth. Steve knew he had stationed a Quinjet there.
That brought a tight-lipped smile to Tony’s face. “Which is a completely foreign concept to you, isn’t it?” he asked, his voice far more venomous than it should be, because Steve had at least
A wry smile spread across Tony’s lips. “Kettle, pot,” he replied, rearranging his position on the armchair and wincing with the movement. “I want you to go, Steve. I’m not kidding. There’s nothing here for you.”
The man—
There was a heavy pause when Tony let his phone sink to his knees.
“He’s just nervous,” Tony interjected. “Come on, darling, I know you wanna, you said so yourself. And I know for a fact that it’ll make papa very happy.”
“I’m not
With a touch to his shoulder, Steve held him back. “You’re keeping something from me.”
Steve hummed in agreement. “Let me take you out to dinner,” he said.
Tony’s jaw twitched. “
“We will.”
Steve closed his eyes as the universe contracted and expanded.
“Fuck,” Tony groaned, eyes melded shut now. “Oh fucking hell, that is so good.”
It was late morning, and when Steve awoke, the sun was already nearing the crest in the sky. He awoke to a deepened state of relaxation, lying under a patchwork quilt he didn’t put there, his eyes blinking at the clear blue that met his vision.
Clint chimed in, casting Steve a half-grin, “Did you bribe them with vodka? ‘Cause I might’ve thought about that for a few days now.”
“It’s a longer drive to New Jersey,” Natasha said as soon as Steve helped Tony into the SUV. They sat down on the backseat, and Tony winced slightly as he leaned against the backrest.
“You’re overdoing it,” Tony gasped eventually. His erection was still firmly in place, his right hand grasping the base as if he was this close to coming already.
A sound vibrated along the monitors. Zola’s face flickered along the room. Steve cast another look at Tony’s expression, and it was strained now, as if in pain, like he was battling Zola within his mind—which he probably did.
In stark contrast to New York, the people mourned in complete silence. When Tony walked into the throne room, Wakanda’s remaining guard stood in a circle. Their faces were serious and respectful, while a young woman slowly sat down on the chair in the middle. There were tears running down her cheeks, but otherwise, she remained stoic.
There was a pause. “Sir, I’m afraid there’s another appointment waiting for you. A draft discussion in boardroom three. Secretary Ross wanted a new lawyer to look at the papers. Said it needed a fresh pair of eyes.”
“Well then,” Tony announced as he, reluctantly, handed Ian over to Rhodey, “let’s get this over with fast.”
“Want you,” Steve breathed against his mouth. In a blink, his legs were bound around Tony’s waist, his hands under his hips, and he dragged him up his chest and in position.
“Folly, thy name is Tony.”
“Wakanda,” Steve replied without hesitation. “I’d give you specifics, but I have no idea. It’s… somewhere deep in a jungle. T’Challa’s made sure the place stays a secret. Even to us.”
Anger.
“No, I’m staying.” Steve turned back to fully face the bed. He seemed to realize how abrupt his answer had been, and cast Tony an apologetic glance. “I mean… I can’t leave him until… I can’t leave him.”
waiting, Cap.”
Finally, he raised his eyes to Tony, and if he had any doubts about whether or not he looked good enough, the way he stared at Steve dismissed them immediately. In all the time it took him to reach the bottom of the staircase, Tony’s eyes never left his face. He was staring at him with the strangest expression. If Steve didn’t know better, he might have called it awe.
"Wouldn't blame you if you did."
“Back in the other dimension. We talked, looked out for each other, you were… you were so approachable. You listened to me, you were always there and… I liked that.”
“Tony is about to get approval for a new draft of the Sokovia Accords. One that I believe will be something we can all agree to. But we won’t do it if any of you aren’t on board with it. This is a team decision.”
“I don’t,” Natasha told him with a hard face. “I told you about my mission, didn’t I?”
“Good. I might’ve told him you wouldn’t stop unless you were dead. And I started to worry that he might take me up on it.”
Tony mock-drawled
The form in the cradle was still and alive in the blink of an eye. The pulse was gone—the rhythm of steady energy dying.
“Any tips on what works for you?” Steve’s cheeks flamed as soon as the words left his mouth. He hadn’t meant for it to sound so suggestive, but somehow, it had. “I mean… I’m not here to…”
Here, right now, though, his arms tightened around Steve, and he was solid and warm and whole. And Tony simply couldn’t stop those tears from falling down anymore. The last time he’d cried—truly cried—had been right after Jarvis’ funeral, and that was over twenty years ago. But now, it felt
“Young, naïve, stupid. He won’t be a problem for long.”
Barnes didn’t waste any time. He quickly pushed, flipping Tony over on his side. He grabbed for Tony’s other arm, moving both upwards so Tony couldn’t shoot at him, then wrapped his legs around his middle in a firm hold.
It was sad, in its own way. But Tony guessed there was nothing to be done. Today was the first time they’d met ever since, and though the Antarctic hadn’t exactly warmed up, Obi had been fairly polite, even shaking Steve’s hand for about half a second.
“I don’t regret what I did,” she said quietly, before she stepped through the door. “And you can’t hate me forever.”
The movie didn't really catch Steve's attention. He'd been thinking about the hallucination he'd had earlier, and was contemplating telling the others, but for the time being he decided not to, and just let their hangout continue as usual. When Tony came into the living room, however, he straightened up and turned to look at him and Bruce.
“You wanted to make turkey without butter,” Steve reminded him. “Don’t know if I can move on from that.”
he didn’t say.
Tony was barely touching him, so Steve thrust his hips forward a little in hope of luring his hand lower. He needed him to touch him
“Time Variance Authority,” Tony explained, then sighed. He glanced at Bruce. “You really think that’s our only choice? Aren’t we messing things up pretty badly by sending them to Doom before their time?”
"Don't keep the board waiting too long, my boy," the voice said, sounding suddenly louder. There was a coercive edge to that voice, and Steve got the sense that by 'board', the man really meant himself.
Phil’s and Ross’ footsteps echoed across the marble floor before they sat down. Wanda moved away from her position at the window, sitting down next to Steve and watching the men warily. She looked better than she had in the last couple of weeks, Tony thought, though he could still spot the tension in her tiny shoulders.
“I know. Look at me. Please, look at me.”
He stared down on the city, his thoughts mingling with memories. Though he had watched the sun rise and set over New York many times by now, the city rarely looked this peaceful. And Steve doubted that he would ever tire of the sight. Peeks of light decorating the many New Yorker skyscrapers, pouring golden drops across the tower that he had come to know as home.
“We both know you gave him far more liberties than was probably safe for him to have. And yet, your trust was not misguided.”
And yet, there were the doubts. Everything in those dreams was too real—too specific. There were no turns or inconsistencies; even the room was always the same. Dreams weren’t that specific, right? And that meant that something was going on.
Tony sighed, rubbing his temple. He really needed to get his shit together. This, living here with Steve, was just short of heaven. And he needed to protect it with everything he had.
Clint’s living room looked so…
The glass door of the workshop opened and Pepper walked in, spiking up the competence in the room by about a hundred percent. She looked around, assessing the situation for a heartbeat, then cast Tony a long-suffering look. “So, ‘knocked him out’ wasn’t a metaphor.”
She likely didn’t mean for the words to sound so harsh, and confirmed it on the next second by squeezing Steve’s hand, but the truth behind them rang loud anyway.
At one point, he could swear he felt Natasha and Clint both push a hand on his legs, calming him, or trying to keep him still, he couldn’t quite tell. Steve held onto his shoulders, his face now tucked hard against Tony’s neck, kissing his skin with trembling lips. “Almost done, sweetheart,” he kept repeating. “Don’t fight it. Just let go. Don’t fight it.”
The question was getting unspeakably redundant, especially after their two years of marriage, but Steve figured the reassurance was needed when coming from his long lost best friend. He knew he would be doing the same if the tables were turned. “With everything I have,” he replied and cocked his head curiously. “You don’t really have a problem with that, do you?”
“What’s going on?”
He looked down at himself—he was still fully naked. “You would like that.”
“You said he was talking to you and Bruce. I don’t see why he wouldn’t want me to—”
it was true, he and Steve had been together once already. And the romantic residing in his heart’s hidden corners was trying to tell him that maybe that thing between Steve and him would all be alright because they might have been meant to get together from the beginning.
When he opened his eyes again to look at Tony, and saw the worried look he gave him, Steve could do nothing but shrug helplessly.
He let both of his hands trail along Steve’s arms, settling them on Steve’s neck, so he could draw him in. “And most importantly, I want to take my time with you, make you enjoy this as much as possible. Let me do that for you?”
“Just close your eyes and imagine it,” Tony whispered against his lips as he leaned down again. “We’re in a real bed, in a real world. We’re together. You’ll open me up, finger by finger, and push in me, and nothing can separate us again.”
The engines of the Helicarrier roared in the distance, and a small grin tickled Steve’s lips. “Back at ya.”
Steve had barely any time to glance over his shoulder, before Bucky was taking down the suit with nothing more than a few well-aimed punches with his metal arm. He was ramming his fist right into the chest-plate, and while he couldn’t get to the suit’s reactor, he was still inflicting too much damage for the suit to stay functional.
, he reminded himself. Swallowing painfully, he clenched his fists and looked back at Tony, still lying motionless on the bed. God… He could've really hurt him, had been ready to…
Steve was still for a moment. Sighing, he said, “Too much on my mind, anyway. And I didn’t want to sleep alone.”
God, he was already close, and they hadn’t even started.
* * *
He was memorizing him again. Imprinting Steve on his skin. Taking him inside his mouth, licking his tongue with his own, and Steve was setting him so aflame it was a wonder he could feel at all. His nerves were buzzing. His hands were entangled in Steve’s blonde hair, rubbing his cheeks, exploring his throat, yet he didn’t stop kissing him.
And with that, he must have also accepted that it could lead to this very moment when Steve would stand meters apart from him.
Bucky sighed once more as he glanced at her. He knew that was true, but it wouldn’t make the fallout any less true.
“No interested,” Tony echoed. “You don’t even know what I was going to ask.”
—and Steve used them as anchors, as Tony dragged him out of the hole in the ground.
Peter. More than once.”
Steve wouldn’t back down about this.
“He sounded like he wanted to kill you!”
“This is SHIELD,” Natasha said, looking around with large eyes. “Maybe where it started.”
“No. Not at all. Seems like he really pushed through,” Banner replied thoughtfully.
Numbly, he stared at his reflection in the dark surface of the oven. He couldn’t… he couldn’t
“Yeah.”
From a door to their right, one more HYDRA agent came running in. He made big eyes when he saw them, and tried to run in the other direction.
, but if he was honest with himself, they’d been heading towards this for months. And once, he would’ve grinned against Steve’s lips the second they touched his, would’ve dug his fingers in Steve’s neck, holding him as near as he possibly could. He would’ve playfully nipped at his lower lip, taking his time to explore his mouth with as much laziness as Steve would’ve granted him.
, of course. Don’t even remember how I was ever happy without you period.”
He walked back a few steps and let himself fall down on the bed, his face buried in his hands.
“Did something else happen? I never asked you how your presentation went.”
"Good job," he praised quietly.
TS 6:59 P.M.>Oh you know what it means. ‘Big n ugly’ my ass, Steven. You love my tower
“I can’t see us fighting over this,” Sam added, shrugging.
Christ, Steve just had the most gorgeous eyes.
Soon enough, they were battling each other with no reservation whatsoever. The water wasn’t getting any warmer, and they were both red-faced and probably stupid and reckless for staying in there this long. But dammit, Steve couldn’t care less.
Now, Steve had made it a personal rule not to instantly freak out in these situations. They really weren’t as rare as he’d like them to be and with Tony being their front line, he logically ended up in danger the most. But he always pushed through, always came out on the other side, and that was all that mattered.
“I’m just saying that if we integrate these changes at the atomic level instead of the molecular one, we’ll probably get better results,” Tony said as he stepped up next to Bruce, hands in his pockets and stance easy. He looked down at the blueprints, smiling as he realized that, yes, this could really bring the mechanics of solar inverters to a whole new level.
A sigh. Tony sat up a little straighter, as if bracing himself for a blow. “She sat in the dark when I got there,” he said. “I told her it was over. I didn’t care about our deal, but she wasn’t going to let go.” He sighed, and his whole body shook. “Instead, she got up, started to walk toward me. ‘When I have a child,’ she said, ‘neither you nor anyone else could ever prove it wasn’t yours.’ Then she started to laugh. ‘I’d be the perfect mother, just as I’ve been the perfect wife. And it ought to give you the thrill of your life, Tony,’ she said. ‘to watch my son grow bigger day by day… and to know that when you die, Stark Mansion will be his.’”
Tony smiled and leaned up to place a soft kiss on Steve’s forehead. “Look, he just woke up. It would probably be better if you waited a bit, but—”
Natasha arched a brow, picking at the layer of polish on her thumbnail. “And what makes you think that?”
Steve shook his head. “No,” he said firmly, frowning down at Tony, who was staring up at him in return. “When I got to Wakanda, I was… I don’t even know what I was. I stayed in the gym most of the day, and when I didn’t do that, I stared out into the jungle. I don’t think I’ve ever felt that numb in my whole life. It was only slowly sinking in, you know? What I’d lost. But when it
? This isn’t real! It’s not like this is happening…”
Then the sirens had cut through his dream-world and the room around Steve had vanished. Somehow, the night had run away from him. One minute, he’d been with Tony and the next he was back on his cot, and woefully alone at that.
“All the time,” Tony whispered and stared at their entwined hands… wondering.
"That went well," he said, and despite everything, Tony laughed, which made him smile back. He wanted… He wanted to see Tony smile. Wanted to alleviate the discomfort of having to sit through whatever that had been. He wanted so much that he couldn't quite put into proper words without causing irreparable damage. So instead of saying anything, he just stepped closer and waited for Tony to make a move.
Steve frowned. “What do you mean?”
Tony smiled, happy that Steve was happy. “I’m glad,” he said. His body tingled with awareness that hadn’t existed before. There were some serious thoughts at the edge of his mind—like how he wanted to convince Steve that this was a good idea when they spent most of their time apart, or how he could find a way to have more time together—but in the end, Tony was too tired to think any of them through. Instead, he forced himself to lean up on his elbows, and looked around at the room. There wasn’t a box of tissues around, as far as he could tell, but he did spot a package of paper handkerchiefs on the nightstand.
Barnes only stared at Steve some more, before he turned around swiftly, eyes landing on Tony where he hovered over the scene, keeping the HYDRA agents away from where Steve and Barnes stood.
“Please. Don’t do this,” Ultron said to Wanda, as he struggled, his voice strangely pleading.
That was no surprise. Steve could imagine the guy would be a stuck up asshole. That didn't mean he'd take insults, but Tony didn't need to know that. Just seeing Tony's body language when he talked about the guy made Steve's violent urges struggle to the surface. No one had the right to make Tony this unhappy.
How things had gotten so out of control so quickly, he didn’t know. All he knew was that he needed to touch Tony as much as he could before he’d leave again.
"Have you seen them interact? It would’ve taken
“I know you’re nervous,” Steve said, a patient smile on his face. “And believe me, I would love to just stay here. Watch a movie. But the thing is that…” He swallowed. “We’ve worked hard for this day.”
“You’ve been busy,” Steve said and pointed at the various utensils Tony had created ever since the rain had stopped.
won’t be looking into the sky, saying ‘Golly gee, that’s real darn pretty’, okay?”
Next to Tony, Steve rolled his eyes, raising both hands to his temples, and shaking his head. He let himself fall back on the bed, mouthing, “I
“What? That’s it?” Tony asked. “You ever heard of the term ‘diplomacy’? Comes right before ‘disputability’. Any of those ringing a bell?”
“Sure,” Tony said. “Why shouldn’t I be?”
The team sat around him—even Wanda and Pietro, their gazes more than a little troubled. By now, he’d told them everything, from the very beginning—all leading up to the Sokovia Accords and what had happened with Helmut Zemo. How easy it had been for him to tear the team apart, because the distrust had already been there and they had been all too ready to give in to that pent-up rage. He’d told them about Vision, about Tony’s plan to eventually get his hands on enough vibranium to build his body with Helen Cho’s help.
Steve threw up his hands. “I don’t know—I don’t know what to make of this. It feels like you don’t trust me at all, and I can’t think straight right now. I just need a breather.”
“Tony,” he forced out. “You can’t say things like that. We are… we are both men.”
He sat up with a jerk, and blinked when he registered who was standing in front of him.
There was no sense in trying to fill their fears with empty promises. Nothing was ever certain, especially where they were concerned. All they had was the moment. And stolen ones, such as these, made it all the sweeter.
And they talked and behaved and overall seemed like they were best buddies.
So Tony nodded. “Of course I do,” he told him firmly. “I love you. I
Tony snorted, and raised a questioning brow. “And you of all people would know that, because…?”
“Can we talk about the fact that Tony just said ‘chatter’?” Clint asked and Steve saw him sprinting across the clearing while firing arrows right into the second huge tank in the middle, effectively killing its whole weaponry.
“You said we could work on the Accords,” Steve said, sounding hopeful. “Make compromises. Is it too late to negotiate? I told you I’ve read the draft, it’s… you did a good job with it.”
“Yeah.”
Part II is done!
What a terrible thought.
JARVIS replied.
“Yes.”
verdict, Michelangelo?”
“Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman. Mister Stark,” the man with the eye patch said, then introduced himself as Nicholas Fury. No title, no job description, just a name, but once his gaze settled on Steve, he realized it didn’t matter. The guy was clearly the boss here, and whatever he’d decide on would seal their fate.
“I love you soft and mushy,” Steve said on another chuckle.
“That’s what’s happening to you?” he asked, and didn’t try to hide his worry. “The dose of that alien-plant-vapor you breathed in must’ve been thirty to forty times higher than for the other two, you were bound to react differently.”
“I don’t care, you know,” Steve said after a long pause. His voice was very calm, and he wasn’t looking at Tony, just stared up straight into the starry sky. “Who you like.”
saw him. For someone who could give as good as he got, whether fighting or arguing or… or just talking, even. Comforting each other. Watching each other’s back. Taking up the other’s cause. Someone who was his equal, but also his better, who made him want to
"I sorta figured that out," Steve supplied. He nearly said something more along the lines of being relieved about that but... Tony already looked ready to detonate, and Steve didn't want to be the one to set him off.
“They can’t do that.” Bucky’s features hardened, his eyes going unexpectedly cold as he looked at Steve. “This isn’t your fault. We're not going to let them do that, right?”
, Tony couldn’t help but think, but bit back those words. Steve clearly believed that. And Tony had always been good at acting like everything was perfectly fine.
Steve chuckled. He looked around for a moment, and Tony followed his gaze, knowing exactly what Steve saw. Everyone was watching them.
“You’re lucky they’re still clothed,” Clint declared. “I once caught them with their pants down in the gym. If you haven’t seen their schlongs by the end of the year, you can call yourself one happy man.”
It was dark, really fucking dark, and the suit’s repulsor lights were almost completely dimmed due to the oily fluids that the
Tony stared up at Steve with wide eyes. He released a deep breath and shivered. The revelation of having apparently fallen for Steve Rogers had almost immediately ended up in a massive freak-out.
thing I looked forward to,” Tony emphasized hoarsely, and Steve shivered at the intensity in his tone.
On the battlefield, regulations were crucial. They could mean the difference between life and death. There were some rules that had to be followed. Rules written in the blood of lost brothers in arms. Some rules could be bent, but never fully overlooked. Only
“I didn’t book a return flight,” Steve said. He came to a halt a few inches away from Tony, obviously unsure of what to do next. “I figured you’d tell me when I wasn’t welcome.”
Without Steve even realizing it, they had reached the division of the ways.
Bruce snorted before he could help himself, then tried to compose his expression. “You go work on the formula, we can manage those last bits alone.”
Wondering if this was really his future.
“What?”
They weren’t touching, but he could feel the warmth of Tony’s body close to his and smell his scent and hear the soft sound of his breathing slowing as he fell asleep. For him, it was a kind of refined torture, to be this close with all these memories still haunting him. Tony’s look when he’d found out about his parents. The widened eyes just before Steve had pushed his shield into the arc reactor. The fear—the sudden certainty in his expression that he’d die, right then, at Steve’s hands…
Clint’s brows perked with interest as he glanced over his shoulder. “Maybe they needed to rebuild it?”
TS 11:37 P.M.>U think every time we say ‘sex’ or ‘date’, Fury’s turning over in his not-grave?
“Steve,” he said very slowly, his voice hard, “we’ll stop talking about this right now.
A shaky breath left him. “Tony…”
“Yeah, I’m here,” Steve said. “I’m still on South carrier. Where are you?”
It had been a good forty-something days, Steve thought. He knew he probably shouldn’t be so happy to finally spend an easy-going time with Tony, but for the time being, he’d decided to just live in the moment.
It wasn’t a question, but somehow it sounded like one.
He was so far out of Steve’s reach, it wasn’t something he even needed to consider.
“Says you,” Tony said. “Dragging in Clint. Dragging Wanda and Pietro from a place they didn’t even want to leave. I’m trying to keep... I’m trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart.”
“Iraq?” Clint asked, but Sam shook his head.
Tony smiled at him, feeling the love for this man settle in so deeply in his heart, now, it was becoming harder every second to not just blurt it out.
Steve moaned almost helplessly, and then brushed a series of wet, needy kisses on Tony’s throat. His lips were soft and nearly affectionate against Tony’s skin and some well-hidden part of him swelled with newfound warmth.
And yet, he couldn’t move. Because while he
Tony groaned, but he did follow him. “You’re being unreasonably cruel when you’re supposed to be completely smitten by me.”
, he really felt like a sixteen year old teenager again, making those stuttered declarations. “And I want to get serious, too. With you. I don’t regret a single second. God knows how we got here from not even talking to each other for weeks, but I’m so glad we did. I admit I was sort of an asshole to you most of the time, but it’s just the way I react to people who constantly shove me out of my comfort-zone and you really took the cake in that department, and I…” He forced himself to take a breath and not get carried away too far.
Within the blink of an eye, they were in Tony’s bedroom and Steve was being pressed into a very soft, silken bed sheet.
, Tony thought, then closed his eyes and slumped against Steve, their mouths touching. This was… new. This time, Steve wasn’t shocked and rigid or drunk and clumsy. This time, Steve
* * *
“Sixteen years is a long time,” Steve said, unbothered by it. “So the room was, what, a glimpse at our future?”
Natasha smiled. “It’ll teach you to remember your six.”
While Tony drank his coffee, Pepper fetched a brush, a razor, and several bottles of whatever beauty product she deemed necessary and went to work.
He glanced down. “Didn’t mean it,” he replied unconvincingly. “I just… I was talking and words were said. That’s all.”
Well, there would be another time.
“My daughter was in Lagos,” the man shouted, openly crying now. “You fund this sickness, Stark! With your dirty billions!”
“Don’t care,” Steve said and pressed a firm kiss into Tony’s damp hair. Then, he pulled him back against his chest, sweat and all. “Thank you.”
Anyway, thanks for your patience, whoever is still waiting for this :) Enjoy.
“That was the single most erotic thing I’ve ever seen in my life,” Tony whispered, breaking the silence and brushing a small, tender kiss across Steve’s heart.
“What?” Steve breathed. He followed Sam’s gaze and instead of Austrian Special Forces, as he had expected, he saw a man in a black suit and mask approaching, golden claws on his gauntlets shining dangerously in the moonlight.
Tony blinked himself out of his stupor, his eyes widening ever so briefly. A mixture of regret and self-hatred flashed across his face. “Of course I did,” he breathed. “You knew that, didn’t you?”
Tony’s mouth tugged into a tender smile and he nodded, wrapping an arm around Steve’s middle and drawing him near so he could kiss his shoulder. Ever since meeting Steve, his heart had been systematically sewn back together, piece by piece, and for the first time in weeks Tony felt the future was in his own hands again.
“Tony, I want you to stop this right now.”
"I'm mostly trying to get naked," Tony shot back and let the rest of the undersuit fall to the floor. He raised an eyebrow at Steve, who was still very much clothed and apparently not even trying to do something to amend that.
“Past actions speak differently,” Vision mused. “All you ever did since you became Iron Man was to try and make things better. I, on the other hand, only gave Wanda the impression that I wanted her to change, when that couldn't be farther from the truth.”
Steve bit his lower lip to suppress a chuckle. “How about we get out of here?”
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
“That is exactly what we’ve been told, yes.”
“Lost.” Tony’s lips pursed. “I get it.”
Ah, dammit, this hurt. His head was spinning. “Buck,” he groaned, trying to shake the stupor off, and gaining sight slowly when—
Tony blinked, fighting back a hysterical chuckle. “Why should it be about Steve?”
With the main code—Steve could override Iron Man. He could shut down Friday. He could destroy every bit of tech Tony had ever created.
Bucky's frown deepened at that and he groaned. "I never said—"
“Everything is just the way it was,” Stane continued as he walked to the vanity, picking up a brush. “She often sat here, brushing her hair. Sometimes I think I can still hear her. Humming a melody. Not just here… in the whole house.”
“I know we’re doing the right thing, it’s the board that doesn’t get it.”
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “As I said—we kept things from each other. Turns out that wasn’t too good of a strategy.”
Steve’s eyes took it all in—and as expected, he stared at Tony’s wings for a very long time. There was even something akin to awe in his gaze. It was so very human of him. Even faced with the devil’s true form, he was still more hung up on those damned wings.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever you say,” Sam said, the corner of his mouth twitching. “You guys are the geniuses.”
In front of him, Ultron was suddenly slumping forward. His eyes flickered and went black, his body falling down on the floor in front of him. It died. He didn’t need it anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve turned away, focusing a hard stare at the skyline. “It’s easy for her to say that, she wasn’t there. I should’ve moved faster, done something different. Shouldn’t have let you fall… not down that train, and not into their hands.”
Still, the man he loved was bleeding. He couldn’t help but go into overprotective mode.
“You’re in Washington next week, aren’t you?” Fury prompted, and Tony really—
Still, it wouldn’t hurt to tease the ‘He likes to keep to himself’ guy a little.
Tony leaned up on both of his elbows to get away from Steve’s soaked-through shirt. “No. For ruining my shirts by lying in a puddle of your jizz, sweetheart.”
"Thanks, but I'm actually here for Dr. Banner," he said with an easy smile. He peered around the door but couldn't spot the man anywhere in direct line of sight. "This
Natasha sighed. “He could’ve shown you the truth a Million times, Steve. And the fact that he didn’t only shows how scared he was.”
Without really knowing what he was doing, his metal hand grabbed for his human arm, digging the hard fingers into his skin until it broke and started bleeding.
“I couldn’t stand it… if I’d ruined Steve’s life.”
“He should be in his room, second floor,” Steve called after her, and barely caught her smile before she vanished behind the corner.
She was young; couldn’t be much older than eighteen, and still—she’d been introduced to him as one of the world’s most deadly assassins. He wondered how long she’d been in the business.
And it wasn’t him.
Bucky fell silent, then he seemed to remember something. Glancing up at Steve, he breathed a long breath. “I fought you.”
came to mind, but Steve simply cleared his throat and allowed himself a small, careful smile. "Well, will you?" he asked, not bothering to try and hide the hope in his voice.
This was a snapshot. A stolen moment in time. Steve was here now, but he would leave again. That was the way it always was between them. They met, created a mess, and part ways. They’d be back together eventually, but there was no way to tell what kind of face they would wear.
“Yeah, I can tell.”
Steve huffed, but turned sideways to kiss Tony’s forehead anyway. “I don’t recall seeing you eat fruit salad ever before.”
“Maybe. We’ll see. Wouldn’t be surprised if he’s giving me the cold shoulder.”
Steve settled his head at Tony’s shoulder, both hands tightening around his. Tony settled his legs over Steve’s hip, squeezing him intimately with every thrust. His inner walls clenched Steve with every withdrawal, his hips rising to recapture.
“We were good together from the start,” Steve said. “Just took us a while to notice.”
Steve sighed theatrically. “Geez, and now you found out. All those years of planning—for nothing.”
“Steve,” another voice called, and Steve felt his eyebrows going up as he saw Vision walking towards them through the white corridor.
“No.” The word was short, abrupt, but definitive. “That’s not what I meant,” Steve murmured, and let the hand on Tony’s knee trail upwards until Steve was cupping his dick through his dress pants.
Tony swallowed, and nodded as he glanced at Steve. “Beautiful. Yes.” God, he was in so much trouble. He didn’t know what he wanted at that moment. All remained hidden behind a line of ambiguity.
“I have… I don’t know what you’re trying to say Steve,” he prompted cautiously. "You told me to leave, remember?"
Tony nodded, his jaw clenching a little. “And then what?” he asked.
Tony jumped swiftly on his feet, but the scene outside hadn’t changed. But then, Steve’s hands were suddenly on his upper body and he pushed him hard against Fury and—
“Didn’t mean to interrupt you,” Steve eventually said as he met Tony’s gaze. He could almost see the clockwork of Steve’s mind, turning, twisting. The mask was still on his face, but his facial expressions were the same. “That… it was beautiful.”
With a shaky nod, Steve’s fingers left Tony, feeling him shiver at their loss. He sat up, his hands scrambling against Tony’s thighs, pushing them up and over his hip.
want to go in there by yourself so you can try to pull this memory bullshit with Barnes again. Don’t insult my intelligence. But you know what? This isn’t the time, or the place. He’s going to rip you apart, limb from limb, and piss on what’s left over.”
“The suit can take it,” Tony yelled at all of them. “I’m good,
Bucky suspected something, though he never said anything to him. He probably thought he missed Peggy, and while that was the case, he knew now it wouldn’t develop into anything. And he thought that Peggy knew it, too.
A complete silence settled within the kitchen, all eyes shifted onto Steve, which told him that they had all arrived at the same conclusion, long before Natasha uttered those next words that had Steve’s insides freeze in shock.
“There must have been some difference.”
“Great,” Steve murmured, letting the phone sink.
Tony seemed to be already fast asleep, lying on a thin bed sheet on the ground, the one-man bed next to him untouched. And every second of standing in the doorway, staring down on the sleeping form, Steve hurt just a little more.
There was a flicker of confusion on Barnes’ face, before it was replaced with his standard unimpressed-slash-blank expression. “There was a point to your rambling?”
And for that, he needed to be prepared.
Steve smiled, and after a bit of contemplation, he placed a hand on Tony’s head, his fingers brushing through the dark hair. “Sounds like a great thought.”
Tony scowled but couldn’t stop the small snort from leaving his lips. “Ha ha. You’re so funny. There is nothing wrong with my ass.”
Steve sighed, rubbing his forehead. And here he was, moping about a little bit of extra attention from a kid at school.
Vision’s voice had been as quiet and unsure as Tony had possibly ever heard it. He looked up, and found that the question truly didn’t need much thinking.
He was the only reason they were all in this mess. He was the reason Clint and Scott didn’t get to see their families, and the reason Steve had to stay here, dying a little more every day.
“Don’t worry,” Tony said. “We’ll take that God down.”
Even though the circumstance of their predicament could've been easily avoided.
They didn’t have much time left, Steve was sure of it.
He’d fallen asleep on the couch in his workshop, it seemed, feeling more exhausted than he’d felt in years.
“Same year?”
Dummy whirred, waiting at his side.
“Oh God,” Bucky groaned. “I really didn’t have to know that.”
Beware the cliffhanger
“We’re definitely doing the tour,” Steve said. “Now, come on.”
“I think…” Tony started, “and please don’t take this the wrong way… but you’d probably do yourself a favor if you stopped comparing him to Bucky Barnes pre-Hydra, and start getting to know the man he is now.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Steve shot back immediately. “What you’ve done was getting captured and brainwashed by HYDRA, Bucky. And whatever you did afterwards wasn’t you,” he said, pointedly. “And one of these days, you’re gonna realize that, too.”
It was the fact that she hadn’t deemed it necessary to tell him first.
Steve nodded a little. No, they really didn’t.
"He's a kid, what did you expect? Maturity?" Bucky huffed, taking a sip from his vodka. "Look, I get taunted about it all the time. It's not a big deal."
He had genuinely no idea where Thor had gone, but the rest of the team was mingling around. Sam and Bucky were gathered around the couch area, Natasha was standing next to Bruce by one of the windows, a hand comfortably clasped on his shoulder, and talking to him in a low voice. Laura and Clint were standing in the kitchen, chopping vegetables for dinner. They looked completely in sync together, always touching and smiling and obviously being very relieved to have each other back. Ever so often, Clint would put a hand on Laura’s pregnant belly, and the look on his face was something Steve had never seen on him before. It hurt to look at them, in some way, reminding Steve very much of how things should be and how they decidedly weren’t.
“Oh, don’t you ‘sweetheart’ me. I’m your CEO! I’m supposed to lead this company and I can’t do that if you’re stepping behind my back and mucking everything up!”
“He wanted to be alone for a while,” Rhodey said. “Asked me to go looking for you, though.”
to. You’re so brilliant, and attractive… and really only a part time-asshole."
Natasha hummed. “And you?”
actually improve it,” Steve added, his voice more serious. “Didn’t think it was possible, but it’s you, so… you surprised me. The handling is just perfect.”
“Then what? You’re running yourself ragged.”
TS 6:33 P.M.>Really? No, not okay. Absolutely not okay
“Yeah, we did,” he confirmed. “The wedding was a mess, to be honest, but… still the happiest day of my life.”
“Oh, joy.”
Tony groaned and burrowed his head deeper into the pillow, something stirring him from sleep.
He tried to get closer to Tony, tried to stay at his side, when one of the men raced to Steve. He had to leap to the side, but the man had already drawn back again and struck, this time managing to slash Steve’s right temple. Blood streamed into his eye, burning and momentarily blinding him on that side.
“Mmm,” Steve hummed against him, trying to pull away only to be yanked back down. Several failed attempts passed before Tony could find it within himself to deprive his lips of Steve’s.
For a moment, there was nothing. Clint, Natasha, Tony—they all stayed perfectly still. There was just the continued hum of the machine’s vibrations and its arrhythmic clicks. Then, new pictures started flashing across the screens.
Bucky waved him off with his human arm, the metal one still hanging limply at his side. “Anyone ever tell you that you have a masochistic streak a mile wide?”
“I don’t know yet. We gotta find this guy and stop him from wreaking any more havoc. We’ll have to come up with a plan,” he said glibly.
Thor was still standing in the center of the room, and the sofas were mostly occupied by the rest of their team, but no one commented on the delay, even though Natasha did give Steve a knowing look, which he pointedly ignored.
After he’d handed Ian over to Veronica, Tony went to the bathrooms, freshening up a bit. He changed his tie since Ian had effectively crumbled the last to a point of no return, and washed his face with the tap water. Then, he headed on to boardroom three.
, he hadn’t seen coming.
conversation that had gone on for hours, not just a few orders flung at each other. They had really talked and even enjoyed themselves.
When meeting Tony’s best friends, he didn’t want to pretend he was someone he wasn’t.
Carefully lifting the blanket, he peeked down at Tony’s crotch. “Nah, you’re good.” A pause. “Come to think of it…” Steve smiled and moved down the bed, under the blanket. Wrapping his fingers firmly around Tony’s soft shaft, Steve took it into his mouth, sucking it gently. He might not be able to make him come again, but he knew Tony loved a bit of over-sensitivity.
Somehow he had always assumed that Tony as a teenager had been carefree… ready to party the night away, always a joke at hand. That he’d been all smiles and manic energy, but this… this Tony seemed far more troubled than his husband did. Far more introverted, far more sad.
It wasn’t exactly the first time.
Another giggle, a little more hysterical now.
When the driller detonated, basically letting the whole island implode in on itself, Tony fell. The recoil of the detonation was too strong, causing a black-out on the Iron Man suit, and he took a swan dive from the floating island to save his team and the world. It was so easy, to let it all go. In a way, Tony supposed that everyone was born to die, but after everything that had happened during the last years, the concept seemed to apply more to him than anyone else.
But Steve, the stubborn moron, only straightened his back, looming over Tony of all things, and met the Hellfire in his eyes with something very close to an unimpressed expression.
He knew he could stop whenever he wanted. Even if Tony hadn't said that, even if he were the kind of guy who didn't stop when asked, Steve could stop, but he wasn't going to. He wanted this, nervous or otherwise. Instead of answering, Steve nodded his head, trying to relax with a few deep, slow breaths. God, if he was so shaken just at the thought of it, what would he feel like when Tony started getting serious about it?
* * *
Tony beamed and within a blink, his arms swept around Steve’s shoulders. “Welcome back, darling,” he said, pressing a lingering kiss on Steve’s mouth.
“I’m not cutting you out of my life,” Steve said, his expression one of pure determination now. “Show me. I want to see you.
he wanted to tell Steve
He sat with Tony for hours, patting his head, and stroking his hair, before he eventually made his way back outside.
It reminded him of that bath in his vision, and it made him wonder if he and Tony could ever be like that. If they could spend quiet, comfortable time with one another while talking about everyday stuff.
Not that he had a crush—he
“The bunk bed has a window,” Bucky explained. “Did he, uh… okay, this sounds completely stupid, but—did he force himself on you, or something? I mean… Stark’s been obsessed with you from day one, and I always kind of figured he swung at least both ways, so…”
Natasha smirked. “I didn’t think you had it in you.”
“We won’t hurt anyone,” Steve reasoned, mostly with himself. “We’ll have to try to get into the jet before they can stop us, that’s all that matters at that point.” Steve let his voice trail off, unwilling to put his personal fears into words, namely what would happen once they had to face off the others. If Tony really had gotten orders to imprison them, have them arrested or worse, Steve didn’t know what he would do. He obviously couldn’t
“Which might as well be tomorrow,” Steve said, and despite the gravity of the situation, it still sounded somewhat amused.
“But… Tony—”
And when this mess was finally over, he could turn his full attention to this thing that had started building between them. A surprise, for sure, but not an unpleasant one by any means. Kissing Tony in the morning was an obvious plus. A slight blush rose to his face at the thought of Tony's offer to take a shower with him. Yes, he’d passed this time, but at some point…
“I hate that mask,” Tony whispered, even as his tablet on the table far away from them started beeping. “It’s weird not to see you.”
Tony couldn’t deny anymore that the fluttery feeling in his chest—the kind of fluttery that made his head a little dizzy and brought a smile to his face all the damn time—had everything to do with the memory of Steve carrying him home last week. The frat party and everything that’d happened after remained fuzzy at best, but he remembered Steve’s smell, and Steve’s arms around him, Steve’s amused laughter and fond looks and…
"I, uh, work out," Steve supplied, not unkindly, to stop whatever scolding lecture Bruce had ready for Tony. He didn't want the kid to get in trouble. "And I do sculpt a little, occasionally," he added with a small smile, not bothering to tell Tony he wasn't actually a professor, yet. He lifted the heavy plate and brought it where Bruce had pointed at, but Bruce didn't move to secure it in place right away.
“Sorry,” Steve said, now definitely nervous himself. “Are you sure it’s gonna… fit?”
reputation had been all over the place and Tony himself hadn’t held back with talking about his many his conquests. But only once Tony had stopped propositioning Steve at every waking hour, when they’d
"Isn't that obvious? He wanted to see Steve.”
Steve nodded. “That wasn’t all we found there,” he said, almost a whisper. Steve’s fingers squeezed his, and he opened his mouth and that was of course when JARVIS raised his voice, breaking the reverie between them.
Steve breathed a probably too-large sigh of relief. Everything would be okay. He was absolutely not alone and everything would be fine.
“Of course we will,” Tony replied. Then he was leaning up into Steve’s space, his fingers under his chin as he guided him up to meet his eyes. “I love you.”
They stared at each other for endless seconds. Passing on what words could not be trusted with.
A warm and familiar hand tugged him to a comforting side. “Don’t get nervous,” Steve murmured into his ear and chuckled. “I’m ninety percent sure it’s part of the tour.”
“Never,” he promised with a grin, even as his hips started moving.
He sat next to Steve on the sofa, staring out to onto the landscape that flew past the big windows. Steve didn’t know what had happened, their night had been wonderful. And he knew that Tony thought so, too.
“Give him to me, please.” Tony’s voice was nearly inaudible with fear. Ian was still crying, but his wails slowly turned into smaller hiccups, and Steve knew his son well enough to know those were cries of shock and not of actual hurt.
The room was strange. That was the first thought running through Steve’s head. For one, there was a bed that was twice as huge as the largest bed Steve had ever seen. Its frame consisted of a metallic frame that was bent into an odd looking shape. The sheets looked smooth and thin, almost gloomy, and there were about eight different pillows stacked at its head. Above the bed, a painting hung on the wall. Steve frowned as he took a brief look at it. There was a bright blue, abstract form on the canvas, something he’d never seen in any kind of museum.
A smile crossed Steve’s lips. “Very happy.”
a shot.
“Your memories are playing tricks on you,” she said, and her tone never wavered as she looked at him, her eyes didn’t get misty—she wasn’t the type to show her feelings, but he still saw it, the raw emotions in her green eyes, and he knew she loved him every bit as much as he loved her.
“It’s just that Fury has that annoying habit of calling me when shit goes down,” he continued, “and with that God on the loose, I think we need to work together for a bit. I’ll be out of your hair before you know it.”
Tony cleared his throat. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Speaking of…” He looked at Strange. “Do you know where we were? The dimension, I mean—”
Tony hummed in agreement, leaning against the doorway. Bruce’s friend sure was handsome, by all definitions of the word. Soft looking lips, sun blond hair, and clear blue eyes that made him look both young and world-weary. Tony imagined he had a great body, considering the way his gray shirt hugged his torso and his pants tightened around his thighs.
Handing him the bottle, he sat down, and maybe he was overdoing the ‘keeping your distance’ thing, but the last time he’d sat too close to Steve hadn’t exactly worked out too well. If the guy didn’t want him near, that was fine, he could deal.
“Steve,” Tony gasped into his mouth, wiggling once more, this time with intent.
“Bionic, actually,” he said, pointing down at the upper part of the prosthesis. “I think I found a way to link the arm’s grip patterns and movement mechanisms straight to your nervous system, no surgery needed. If this works out the way I plan—and it usually does—it will react and move just like a normal arm. It might be a little heavier in the current configuration, but I think I can work out the kinks before you do your first test run.”
