“You give Bakuto more credit than I do.”
As silently as possible he closed the door behind him and looked around. This had to be the back entrance, or well, exit in his case. He saw lights around the corner where the street must have been. Good, he could use the light to show him the way.
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “Actual food or…?” He made a gesture that made Steve blush and clear his throat.
“Oh, by the way, I was supposed to ask for your and Maria’s measurements.”
“As much as I would love to watch the life fade out of his eyes,” James said casually and it was in moments like these that Steve understood why James was considered more frightening than he was, “I thought we wanted to find out where he hid his accounts?”
Usually, the first sign when it came to Clint was a shift from hyperverbal to nonverbal, like now, and the unusual level of clinginess. James had figured out early on that Clint was clingy—and James for the first time in his life had also experienced the sensation when it came to Clint—but on bad days, the clinginess was taken to the next level.
“Has—” they both started at the same time, going silent again. Steve gestured to James, indicating that he should go first.
It wasn’t that he worried about anyone having anything to say, he just didn’t want to be bothered with it.
Steve’s hands moved without his knowledge, muscle memory, to hold James, both on the broad expanse of his back, and he moved into the kiss, letting James’ tongue in without protest, his eyes closed. The kissing was loud and needy, both of their chests heaving. There wasn’t much rational thought in Steve’s mind right that moment, too taken by surprise to process and remember why he didn’t want this.
It didn’t apply to saying ‘I love you’ but his aversion to raw emotions certainly did rear its ugly head anytime he got too close to talking about the war or the last few months. Even the times when James got a little too excited expressing how he felt about Clint. Sometimes it was just a blush followed by kisses and no words. Other times Clint might say ‘I love you so much.’ But most often, Clint would crack a joke, always seeming kind of overwhelmed.
“Hey, Cap,” a few of them greeted him when he came in a few moments later, looking for a snack.
“Not well, no.”
He looked up at Tony who was watching him in a way that gave Steve goosebumps. Those big brown eyes were going to be the death of him.
The way Steve explained these things to him made it easier to understand and accept them. Nothing he said was an instant solution for anything, of that he was well aware. However, it was also more than Tony had before —people he could talk to, who would listen because they knew what he was going through and who also knew what he needed.
“Thank you for saving Rhodey,” Tony said and Steve just held him tighter. “I’m so glad you’re okay.”
“Love? You alright?” he asked, his voice gentle, trying to keep from alarming Tony as he entered the bathroom.
“Perhaps it’s time
“Little one, let’s eat with Tony. Go wash up and be sure to wash your hands,” Sarah said in her motherly tone. She was exactly why Tony didn’t ever have to worry about his brother for a single second.
the roommate!” Clint said excitedly. Tony raised an eyebrow. “I have so many questions I don’t even know where to start.”
“When I meet your brother,” Clint began, “how do I win him over? I’m generally good with kids—we have common interests—but I’m a little rusty.”
“Love, I… hold that thought, okay? I have to call James.”
“Bucky.
“Well, I’m glad I get to experience the first time with you,” Steve said, glancing up at Tony who was watching him and holding his gaze for a moment.
“Oh, he will,” James said, coming over with a small leather pouch that he unrolled onto a nearby table. James was better at keeping his cool during all of this. Steve let his temper take over. Neither method was wrong but if the way the man’s gaze locked onto James who was whistling a tune happily while testing the sharpness of some metal picks was anything to go by it seemed he had a least favorite mob boss.
“Benni is still at school and Sarah went out. She obviously doesn’t have to say where she’s going and neither do you.” He showed them the rooms and explained the basement connection to the next door building. Most important was the snack cabinet and where to find coffee. Tony explained that he was generally in charge of coffee but he would explain how to make it if Clint wanted that.
“You met Sarah?” he asked, surprised. “Ah, that’s nice. She’s the best. And Steve…” He took a deep breath, hoping that would help with the pain he felt. “We were ordering meat and vegetables the day they took me. I wanted to make a second dessert because Sarah said we would need a lot of food for all the guests.” He pursed his lips. Why was he even talking about that?
. Besides, even if I did, he could never want
Steve greeted James with a hug and then Clint with a comforting hand on his shoulder. Clint flinched and Steve quickly withdrew his hand.
She decided against waking them and instead went back to her room, got dressed to go out, and made two phone calls. She left a note on the side of Benni’s dresser next to his favorite toy where she knew he wouldn’t miss it. He had a habit of looking for her in the morning after he’d gone to greet his brother and she didn’t want him to get upset when he couldn’t find her.
“I’d head home and grab a few things now if you’d like. Saves you the stress of traveling back and forth,” James told him. As much as Clint didn’t want to struggle with getting back into the car, he also didn’t want to be separated from James.
Clint’s expression lit up enough to make James laugh and he got up to greet her with cheek kisses and a firm hug. She returned it and headed for Clint.
good guy. From what Sam’s told me, he doesn’t put himself out there all that often. You and I both know your preferred dating style, so if at any point you get the sense that you two want different things, don’t string him along. Just end it.”
Phones in cars were probably one of James’ favorite inventions. He quickly dialed the number for the bar, waiting with bated breath as he was connected and for someone to pick up.
Steve stood and darted off to his room to find it.
“I am,” he told him. “And eating enough food.”
“Uh, y-yes, sir. My ma is poorly and my sister’s been out of work since she got TB.”
The man yelped, moving away again, but quickly coming for Clint again who was ready this time, raising his arm and pushing the knife into his neck. The man continued another half-step in Clint’s direction, reaching up to feel the knife but not having the strength to pull it out. He fell to his knees and then onto his back and Clint watched until he stopped breathing, his heart racing and head still spinning. He reached up and felt blood on the back of his head. It was nothing major but it would definitely earn him a scolding from James later when—
“Here you go. You can keep it,” he said with a weak smile as he offered his hand.
Steve chuckled at Tony looking over his shoulder for Sarah and then nodded, sipping his coffee. “Sounds peaceful,” he said. “Good to have a peaceful person in your life.”
Steve rubbed their hips together, the best friction on the planet, and he moaned against Tony’s chest. He grabbed the bottle of oil and then put it back down, deciding that as much as he wanted this, he would take the time to explain to Tony what was going to happen.
The other odd occurrence was the amount of food. It was the same semi-stale bread roll and potato but there was a little meat on the plate. Nothing fancy, just some heated up spam, but it was more than they had been getting the last few weeks. Although it alerted Clint to the fact that whoever had taken them was not getting what he wanted so he needed to keep Clint and Tony around a while longer. Clint was both relieved and saddened by that fact.
Clint smiled watching James. It made him happy that he and Phil had interacted and even though Clint wasn’t quite ready to face the bar just yet, he would call Phil tomorrow and check in. He leaned in and risked another kiss there in front of the others. Again James deepened it, his hand curling tightly, possessively, around Clint’s side and giving it a squeeze.
Dmitri and Dugan immediately excused themselves but Natalia stayed, which James had been expecting. Sarah entered the room but Benni was upstairs asleep. She had ushered him out of the living room taking a back way the moment she had seen her boys come back covered in blood.
“Well, you have the chance now,” Steve said, his voice low and dangerous. Loki felt a chill run up his spine. “And did this mystery man ever tell you his name?”
“True,” James said, still mystified by the mythical creature that was Reasonable Rogers.
Tony choked out a laugh which was the last straw. He let go of the tears he had been holding in and cried in the safety of Steve’s arms, in the privacy that they had. He didn’t care about his injuries or how he looked. All he had wanted during captivity was to be in Steve’s arms.
“He wanted to kill me. I could see it in his eyes.” The words came out much too easily. Why did he even tell them that? It was obvious, wasn’t it?
“How are you both?” she asked, reaching up to tuck a piece of Clint’s hair behind his ear. It had grown long and he was in dire need of a haircut as well as the shave. James had promised both the moment they were able to leave the hospital. “I brought a few baked goods, including those muffins I know you like so much.”
“You know, you and Clint seem to have a different relationship to Tony and I,” Steve started, changing the direction of his argument and tone of his voice.
She checked their calendar on her iPad and gave him a thumbs up. “All clear. Got plans?”
“Come again?” James said, changing out of his button-up shirt in exchange for a more comfortable pullover.
“I don’t want you to be bored… or go home,” he told him quietly.
him. Clint Barton refused to ever let anyone do that to him but he had lost some of his fight, his cockiness, and when he turned to Tony, he simply nodded, forgoing his usual smile and thumbs up because he didn’t have it in him.
James scoffed softly. “That’s an argument against your point, isn’t it?”
“I worked and then went out with Pepper. We... talked,” he said with a heavy heart. He was in over his head. It was too much for him to handle. “I’ll go change,” Tony said quickly and rushed up the stairs to his room. If looking Sarah in the eyes was this difficult, how was he supposed to look at Steve? And worst of all was how he heard Howard insulting him, telling him he didn’t deserve anything, that he was a whore.
Steve laughed, wishing Tony hadn’t looked away. “I can tell you’re lyin’ just by lookin’ at the way you’re sittin’ here. When you’re healed, we might put you to work. Until then, enjoy unemployment,” he said with a yawn. It was almost 2am and Steve was starting to feel the exhaustion in his limbs, making them heavy. He wanted to keep talking so badly but he just could not right now.
James said, looking over with a smirk.
Steve chuckled. “I’ve seen the way he looks at James. You might be stuck with me, love,” Steve said, making a small noise of protest when Tony moved and Steve lost a little of his warmth. “Ah,” he said. In all honesty, he didn’t even know that was a thing. He moved his hand under the blanket to rest on Tony’s hip. “I’m glad you had each other.”
“Steve,” James barked and Steve cursed and pulled away, Howard gasping for breath now that his neck had been released. He coughed and let his head drop.
“Is there no other way to narrow it down?” Natalia asked, coming over with a mug of tea. She handed James a bread roll. It was still warm, freshly baked by Sarah. “Eat,” she told him firmly in Russian and he hesitated but then took it and bit it, chewing stubbornly. She didn’t bother with Steve because Sarah had finally forced him to have a meal but James had managed to excuse himself, reasoning that he had a lead to follow up on.
James reached into his pocket and pulled out the hearing aid Clint had left on the cot. “Wouldn’t have known to,” he said quietly, swallowing down past the lump he felt and looking away from Steve. “He can’t hear. He wouldn’t have the slightest idea what was going on until it was too late.” James felt lightheaded with worry and Dmitri moved closer to him, not touching him but being a comforting presence.
“Simply put, I want everything,” he said, his fun, casual tone disappearing, replaced by something more menacing. “And I’m not above hurting your precious heathens to get what I want.”
“Aw, you love him and you know it.”
“It’s only smart if he actually found them. What if he didn’t?” He let out a sigh. “I would give everything to see him one last time. And to kiss my brother goodbye.” He swallowed again and rubbed his face with his free hand. He regretted doing so because it hurt, which meant that his face was probably beaten up good. “I’ve always wanted to taste Chinese food. Have you had it? Is it good?”
“I didn’t mean it, you know.” Again James’ hands paused their task when Clint spoke and then a moment later resumed as if nothing had happened. It was quiet in the kitchen for a few seconds before James finally spoke.
He gave her a smile and wrote the phrase down, turning to Dmitri after handing Monet the paper.
Tony blushed ever so slightly, biting his lower lip. “In the summer, his hair had a ginger tint to it,” he said with a shy but dreamy smile. “He cares, he wants nothing but the best for those he loves. He’s a great listener. He has a bad temper and tends to be very dramatic and stubborn when he doesn’t get what he wants. I love that. He’s passionate and not afraid to make mistakes. But he also knows to apologize.” What
“Oh, I did, don’t worry. And I had fun doing it.”
“Thanks,” Clint said, “Sure. I think I might lay down too. Just catch a few winks.”
“Steve?” he asked, not able to hear himself over the loud punches on the sandbag Steve was landing over and over again. Usually he always noticed Tony or at least heard him but right now that was barely even his Steve. His eyes were focused on the bag, he looked angry and determined to hurt someone and that was scary. “Steve!” Tony repeated, this time louder.
“Sir, yes, sir.”
He couldn’t know that he would never let anything happen to Clint anymore than Clint could guess this year’s World Series teams. But that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try and it also didn’t mean he would stop considering retirement. It would be an early retirement by any and all standards but perhaps it was for the best.
He sipped his whiskey, still deep in thought when Tony sat down beside him. “Let’s talk about it more when we get to the cottage,” Steve said, pressing a kiss to Tony’s head. He just wanted a little peace without having to think about anything bad. Maybe it was selfish because he knew he could do a lot for others like them but sometimes Steve was a little selfish.
“You sure you don’t need any help?” Steve asked James and Clint. He didn’t want them to say yes because he wanted to stay with Tony but he was torn because he also wanted whatever would produce the best odds of Clint returning. Even Steve could see the difference it made.
“According to Natalia, she was fully prepared to sleep with you and had no issue with the introduction,” Steve said in a matter of fact tone. He and Natalia had spoken about her first interaction with James and she was not shy about getting into detail. “And Clint as well seemed particularly gung-ho, as she tells it.”
“Everything alright?” Steve asked him, moving towards him, his eyes scanning Tony for any new injuries out of habit.
He laid back down, pulling Steve with him as he went so that they could go back to a more comfortable position. “How can you ask me to marry you and still worry whether I’m sure all in one day?” He pressed a gentle kiss on the top of Steve’s head.
Tony smiled and hummed happily. For now it was enough that Steve promised that it would happen.
“Tony!” Benni yelled as soon as he saw his brother was awake, climbing right away on top of the bed. “
“Why don’t we finish up so we can all eat? Ready to get back to work, pet?” Sarah asked Benni, turning towards the kitchen.
So that was his name?
whispered soothingly in Italian, combing through Steve’s hair slowly.
“Oh, pet, thank you,” she told him, relieved beyond belief. Oh she felt like she could breathe again after holding her breath the last few hours. She stood and hugged him. Both because she wanted to and because he was due for another hug. She kissed his hair and then pulled back, her face going sad again. “But they’re not together. They were when they were your age but… not now. What you saw tonight, that… that was something else.”
The time before that it had been Natalia and truth be told, he hadn’t gone through one alone since coming home from the war. He felt a tremor travel up his spine and he took in another deep breath. He picked up the glass of water that was still half-full and downed some of it, curling up tighter, and leaning against the wall as his pulse slowed and he was beginning to catch his breath, still shaking a little.
Callahan swallowed hard. “I… I got confused?” he said, choosing the one he thought was the least damning. Steve smiled and again, it was unpleasant and twisted his otherwise handsome face into something terrifying.
The man turned and looked up at Steve, still waiting for his call to connect. “Yeah, small world. You know him?”
“Well,” Tony said, his tone softer too, “why don’t you tell me about yourself and let
,” Tony told Benni in his reassuring big brother voice, one hand resting on his back.
It had been months since their serial arsonist had done anything. At least anything they could definitively assign to him. Maybe almost getting caught that day had spooked him. They knew they were naive to hope it had scared him enough to set him straight but the last few months had been a relief to everyone even if it did mean the case went cold.
“Hear that? I grew on him,” Clint said, grinning over at Natalia who was sitting at the end of the bed by his good foot.
“You sure? I never saw his face,” Jessica said, taking out pen to note this all down.
but it had certainly shrunk.
James said in Russian and Steve glared but nodded. James left before Steve could say anything, looking back at Tony and Sarah.
“If he wants. We’ll see. Nothing out of office, though. I don’t want that for him. His father will be enough. Not more than that,” he told her. He didn’t want Tony losing any more of himself than Howard had already caused him to. He would never be sending Tony on any violent errands.
“And what of the
Still holding his hand, Tony sat down as close to Steve as he could and nodded. This was progress. Something he had been longing for and now he didn’t know what to do or what to say.
Natalia chuckled again. “You’re a terrible husband, you know. Leaving me for James.”
“I’m exhausted,” he confessed, throwing an arm across Tony and then he laughed again, softer. “Me and my advice aren’t friends.” His eyes were shut and he wasn’t seeing what he had been the last few days. His arm instinctively wrapped around Tony as opposed to just laying across him and he snuggled up to him, sighing happily but he was ninety percent gone, not even realizing it. He mumbled something but it was barely enough to make it out.
“So… what? Did you guys play scrabble? Details, Rogers!” Bucky demanded, pouring himself a mug of coffee and taking a seat.
Steve looked down, away from Tony’s face. “I know. I’m sorry. I was—I
“You know what I mean.”
, listen,” Tony interrupted him. “
Benni sat in the middle between Sarah and Tony and on Tony’s right was Steve. Usually Tony didn’t like to be cornered like that but with Steve on one side and Benni on the other it didn’t feel uncomfortable at all. Steve offered him some of his popcorn and Tony thanked him silently while taking some of it.
Dugan snorted, trying to imagine what Steve could possibly want for materially that he didn’t already have. “If he wanted something from you, he would’ve taken it on day one. He’s not the type to ask for permission,” he told him.
“Hey, no!” Tony grabbed Steve’s hands. “Oh no you don’t.” He kept holding onto his hands no matter how much he struggled. He knew none of this was targeted at him and that made the whole situation bearable for Tony. “
Instead he said, “Jimmy’s a good cook, huh?” Hoping against hope that Tony would get what he was trying to say and understand about whom he was saying it.
He sat up, debating whether he should just lay down and force himself to sleep or call it a night and try again tomorrow. It was nearing four in the morning if he was seeing the clock on the wall correctly.
Steve nodded in response to his thanks and watched him sit on the couch, clearly tired. It had escaped Steve’s mind that Tony had just left the hospital and was still recovering because Tony did such a good job of hiding it, looking strong. He knew what his mother would say to that, the same thing she told him when he behaved in a similar way: ‘There’s nothing weak about needing help.’
“You’re welcome,” James said.
” James said out loud. “Whatever you want.”
Steve goes into town. Tony has a request. They take a trip to Belfast and Tony sees his first cow.
love. Just like me. So what you wanted to keep him around because he makes you happy, it makes
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony and with the other pushed his hair back away from his forehead. He leaned to place a kiss onto Tony’s forehead, speaking against the soft, warm skin as he said, “I’m fine, love. Just tired and ready for a break.”
“Yeah, Steve knows we’re coming.”
Tony chuckled. “The only reason I’m looking up at you instead of devouring this is because I like you just a little bit more than I do the stew. Just a little bit.”
“He wasn’t an asshole. He… just spoke his mind.” Tony couldn’t help and grin a little. “I’d rather not give you anything more to worry. That’s not why I came here.”
“Very reasonable conditions, sir,” he said with a slight smirk and a wink. “I’ll be on my best behavior. Promise,” he added with sincerity to reassure Steve who looked ever so slightly worried after Tony had joked.
“Let me help with your things,” Steve said, grabbing one of the suitcases. “I’ll show you to your room. Love, why don’t you give Clint a tour of the downstairs rooms?”
Steve sighed. “Your father happened.” He watched Tony’s face carefully. “I don’t know the reasons behind it but you took a brutal beating. You came here in an ambulance courtesy of James,” he added, again indicating towards him.
“Not so run-of-the-mill it turns out. Method seems to match a serial arsonist we’ve been dealing with for some time.”
Steve chuckled. “Every single corner. It’s barely even a question at the end—or sometimes the start—of the day if everyone’ll end up at a pub. It’s just a natural thing to do. Get up, go to work, go get a pint o’Guiness at McCreary’s Tavern,” he said, remembering the last time he’d gone—a year ago—and had this exact experience. “If you find an Irishman or woman who doesn’t like to drink, they’re probably not Irish.”
Tesoro - Tony will explain
When they got out, he helped him towel off, Clint sitting on a soft bench James had purchased for this very reason. He helped him to moisturize as well, the last thing he wanted was for his healing injuries to get dry or his skin to crack in the cold January weather.
it announced and everyone jumped right back up, suited up, and headed out.
“Do you think dressing like them changes anything? That it changes
“James being an asshole is easy to stomach compared to everything else in my head right now,” he said. He couldn’t let anything happen to him. He wouldn’t leave Tony. “I know you have more questions. I haven’t been the most forthcoming.”
“Clint. Who are you?”
“He doesn’t,” James assured him.
“She’s teaching you Gaelic?”
“Hey, ma,” he said softly.
Tony was caught between laughing and crying over Steve‘s words. He wiped his eyes and got up to go back to Steve.
“Yes.”
to frighten Clint. He couldn’t help the reaction he had to people upsetting Clint. It felt ingrained in him.
He felt tired, exhausted even, his whole body demanding rest and warmth.
He wasn’t trying to take Steve down out of jealousy or hatred—he was pissed off because he was in love with Steve but Steve did not return his feelings. He just wanted Steve to notice him, to take him as a “mate”, his words not Steve’s.
“Cake is in the oven and in fifteen minutes, during the first break of his show, we’ll have dinner,” Tony stage whispered just to annoy his little brother who tried to glare at him. But a glare coming from that soft, round face was the least threatening thing Tony had ever seen.
and sure, I asked him out but he winked at me! What did you expect me to do! He’s six feet of blue eyes, muscles, and shy smiles. And now I know—no thanks to you—that he likes guys. Is he gay?”
“What do you need from me?”
?” he asked in Russian and Steve nodded. “Alright.”
“Because your job isn’t always easy,” Tony said with a shrug, still holding onto Steve. “I prefer that. What is in our future for us?”
“I love you too,” James said.
Steve couldn’t keep him long when he delivered unless he wanted Tony or his brother to get a beating. He couldn’t visit the deli as often as he wanted either lest anyone start getting any ideas. Either that he’d gone soft or worse—that they’d discover what he was.
Tony left the room and went back to Steve and straight to his bed. He was just about to open his eyes a little when Tony put a hand on his.
The surgeon took a deep breath and said, “
Mr Cage gave her a look and laughed. “People want what’s available to them closeby regardless of what it is. If it makes ‘em forget whatever shit they saw in the war, they’ll eat it up like it’s chocolate.”
“Sure, but maybe just the three of you for now?”
would have loved you.”
Tony pressed his lips together when he blushed. He’d been learning Italian? His first instinct was to feel ashamed because apparently he had been slipping into Italian more than he realized and was giving Steve a hard time understanding him. But the way Steve said those words… That couldn’t be the reason. “
Tony turned around to Steve, his eyes wandering over his muscular arms. “The library. Though the room downstairs is also amazing. Everything here is.”
They needed one that was out of business but the phones still worked. Obviously Bakuto had bought it out and was keeping Clint and Tony at the location, using the company van to decrease chances of anyone thinking anything weird about it being parked around the city and more than likely, it was the location from which Bakuto called them.
“What? Him? He’s known for being—” He didn’t know if he could and should go on. How was that even possible?
Steve swallowed. The position was nice, just what he wanted, but he knew his next words would be difficult no matter what. He decided to start with what bothered him the least but also what might ruin the rest of the night. There was really no winning with the particular things bothering Steve at the moment.
Steve chuckled. “Hungry?”
There was a lot Steve wanted to do to him. A lot he couldn’t though either because he really was supposed to restrain himself to light activity and because he wasn’t sure yet how much Tony could handle sexually. He knew he was strong, resilient, but he wasn’t sure if he wanted roughness in so many aspects of his life. He would ask, but maybe next time.
Steve caught exactly four words “
“I really did. Ma, if we could, I’d marry him,” he said seriously. It was her turn to look surprised.
Clint took the cup, thanking him. “I missed you too.” He sipped the coffee, closing his eyes as the dark liquid hit his throat, warming him up. “Oh my
Tony lowered his menu and Steve responded in kind. He raised his eyebrows and said, “I’m certainly very happy I get to witness you living a little.”
“I know you’re fine with who I love but… this isn’t uncomfortable for you?” He thought back to all the times he’d kept his distance or shortened the length of physical contact with Tony for fear of him feeling pressured to be what he wasn’t. Then he thought of the times he hadn’t cared and how terrible he’d felt afterwards.
Steve wanted to tell Sarah but he figured he would wait until Tony had told Benni, one hurdle at a time. Even though he didn’t expect his mother to be a hurdle, one at a time was still better. He couldn’t even begin to think about how/if things with James would change when/if he finally came back into Steve’s life.
Steve grinned into his drink and began explaining to James what Tony had told him. He started with the bad—Howard haunting him—and ended with the good. James’ eyebrows had been at his hairline since Steve had mentioned him not only being okay with torture but thanking him for it.
Falsworth considered this a moment, keeping his knife in his hand and then shook his head.
The other reason Steve couldn’t totally get comfortable was because of the gun tucked into the back of his trousers, hidden by his coat, but it wasn’t going anywhere so he just dealt with it.
“Come here,” he said, gesturing for Tony to come around his desk to where he was. When he did, Steve looked him up and down, reaching out but deciding against it last minute. “Turn around.” Again Tony complied and then Steve told him to sit, his scowl deeper than before.
“No harm done,
A ghrá (Irish) - love (pet name)
And then it became a little easier to talk and to breathe. Just a little. Not a lot.
“No problem,” Steve said at the same time that Bucky nodded and said goodbye.
“I gotta go back before Steve wakes up,” he mumbled more to himself than to Clint. “Don’t want him to worry.”
“God, no one ever talks about the shitty side of dating a firefighter, huh? I was just in this for how hot you are. This is definitely not fun,” he said, burying his face into the space between Steve’s neck and shoulder. He laughed but Steve could feel the wetness against his neck and the shallow breaths Tony was taking and he knew he was crying.
Clint chuckled, putting his arm back and zoning out again, only to be interrupted by footsteps coming down the stairs and it shouldn’t have bothered him but it did. He tensed despite knowing that he was safe and no one dangerous was coming.
he wanted information on James?” Steve asked.
“I’d rather talk to you about other things than this, honestly. But I didn’t want to bother you,” Tony said, shrugging as if it wasn’t a big deal even though to him it was. He would love to spend much more time talking to Steve if he could.
because the thing he needed to talk to Tony about was Tony.
“I don’t really think you get to ask those kinds of questions when you’re the one who broke in and fell asleep on
“Mary, stop, back off,” Steve barked and moved to Tony, squatting down in front of him. Something he never did. Steve never let himself be lower than others, look up to them. He hesitantly reached out to Tony, a hand on his knee. “What if I do it?”
,” he said, a name he rarely called him, “you protected me on the battlefield, I’ve got your back in this fight. And every one after it.” He took a step forward. Steve dropped the gun, uncocking it, and bringing his hand back up where it was visible. “Can I show you the damage?”
Tony placed his hand on Steve’s hands that were now fists. “Look at me,” Tony said and waited for Steve to do so. “You were friends first. I’m sure you’ll work it out.” It was all he wanted to say to that. It was none of his business and he had no intention of getting involved or take anyone’s side. Both men had done too much for him and he couldn’t handle that.
Tony looked at Steve. “Wouldn’t be able to?” He repeated, searching for something in Steve’s eyes that would confirm it. “Are you saying…” He quickly scanned the room, not seeing Sarah or Benni. “Are you telling me that he couldn’t if he wanted to?” He asked carefully.
James ignored all his questions and then asked, “Do you love him,
“Steve?” he whispered, tapping his index finger on Steve's thigh. “Can we go to the library once everyone’s gone?”
—” he barked his name, forcing Howard to hear and use the name Tony preferred “—through this for
One day Tony came downstairs, ready to go with Jones who was going to pick up Benni today. He made a quick stop in the kitchen to get a glass of water and when he turned around he saw Sarah and Steve standing in front of the fire in the living room. Both of them looked rather serious and there was that frown on Steve’s face that indicated that he was deep in thought.
“I love you too.” Steve let out a small, contented sigh and added, “But neither do you.” Already halfway asleep, by the time he managed ‘you’ he was drifting deeper.
Sarah had brought some old clothes of Steve’s from when he wasn’t as muscular—hard for Tony to believe there was ever such a time in his life—to wear when he was being discharged. He was sitting on the bed waiting to be picked up, holding the small teddy bear in his hand. It was all he had in that room.
They sat on the couch and Steve moved to hover just over Tony, gently pushing him down, not letting his full weight sit on him. He kissed him slowly, lovingly, trying to convey to Tony how much he meant to him without saying the words and scaring him off so soon.
“Well,” James began, putting on his own coat, “I thought that perhaps I could be your husband for the night but seeing as you’re already married it’s only right you are your husband’s date and hopefully Maria will allow me the honor and privilege of being hers.” He held out his arm to her and waited while they all processed his words.
you too, Nat, so there’s no version of my life where you’re not in it, you got that? You’re stuck with me and that’s your fault for saying ‘I do.’”
sorry that Steve thought and felt that way. That Steve was going through what he was going through. His own mother or maybe Sarah would have been a lot more helpful but Steve just so happened to have ended up with the least helpful person ever. He looked down at their hands, not knowing what to say.
Steve sighed in relief. So Jones was still one of the good ones. Alright. He could deal with that. He might’ve lost his sniper, but he still had his strategist/interrogator and weapons specialist on his side.
The light sleeper that Tony was, he woke as soon as he heard movement. He expected the door to open and for the men to come back and beat them some more. When that didn’t happen, he focused on the rustling and noises coming from the other end of the room where Clint was.
Clint blushed, beginning to ramble out of embarrassment. “
“Your surgery was complex. Took those idiots a few tries to get everything right,” James told him. Steve’s eyes fell to him and he smiled. “You’re safe now. It’s over.”
They carried boxes of different kinds of alcohol to the car while Tony packed the last of the food, the pasta maker, coffee mill and some other things he had missed in Sarah’s kitchen.
He led them both over to the kitchen area where the table had been set up with a tablecloth, candles, and a bowl of fresh sliced bread. It took Tony a moment to realize that there was music on in the background, soft jazz. On the stove was a pot and a few other dishes that were covered. Steve opened the wine and sat it on the counter to breathe, turning to face Tony with a shy smile.
They were quiet for a while, both of them reading and occasionally drinking their coffee. Lucky was curled up at the foot of the bed asleep, small little yips coming from him as he dreamt. Dmitri was going to look after him and James had offered Natalia and Maria to come and go as they pleased as well. Not to mention the fact that Benni and Sarah would come visit the pup every now and then. Lucky would not be alone.
As soon as he could he snuggled up on Steve, breathing in his soothing scent, feeling his body, the warmth and how firm he felt. He was taken care of in every way possible. The realization of that in combination with Steve’s question made him chuckle softly. How had he managed to survive this long without Steve?
Steve sighed, pressing on Tony’s name and opening their messages, scrolling through them for a moment. They hadn’t texted since the day of their last date and that was last Friday. He hadn’t seen Tony in two days.
“Hm? Of course not. What’s it for?”
“Green. Lush. Best when it’s raining. When it’s sunny, it's nice but when it rains… boy. There’s just this atmosphere it creates,  everybody’s chuffed to be out in it, singin’ an’ dancin’. I love it, it’s a grand thing.” He didn’t realize how much he missed it until Tony asked him.
“Yes, of course.” Tony nodded without hesitation. Again she made Tony agree to taking a pain tablet before she would allow him to come with and so he did.
He chuckled. “Good morning.” He cuddled closer, burying his head in the man’s side when the smell hit him.
He gestured for her to take a seat on the couch and he poured her a drink—whiskey on the rocks, exactly two ice cubes, and a slice of orange on the rim, which he cut for her. He handed it to her and she thanked him but didn’t trust whatever was happening.
“Did he beg?” Steve asked, his hand on Tony’s leg. Howard’s eyes grew wide and fearful. “
—but when he passed I changed the name.”
Tony filled a glass with water and placed it on the table next to Steve’s bed before taking his hand.
“We’re gonna get them back,” James said, the conviction in his voice giving Steve a small boost.
A smile, a playful look. “John, sir,” he said, and Steve closed the space with a kiss.
“What, you getting tired? I can do this all day,” he said, raising his fists. Falsworth scoffed, the knife gripped tightly in his hand. He took a step and then lurched forward, catching himself. He turned and Steve saw the familiar handle of a blade sticking out of Falsworth’s shoulder.
Rhodey’s roommakdusbs
“Why do you just assume he was here?”
“Yeah,” he said, his voice low, barely there. Steve turned, confused and slightly worried. James ran his fingers through his hair and with a few long strides he quickly closed the space between them. “James?”
Tony looked at Steve from where he was sitting and then nodded.
Tony pulled out the gun, aimed at Howard’s forehead and said, “Go to hell, Howard,” before pulling the trigger.
“Partly.”
He learned about Steve and he wanted to learn more. How did he get where he was? And why? And when? “Thanks,” he said and smiled shyly. “Numbers make sense. Anyone who looks close enough could have seen that.” He looked at the sheets in front of Steve. It would be nice to have something to do, use his mind and not his muscles. “I’ll gladly help.” He nodded.
“C’mere,” Clint said to Benni who approached slowly. “Benni, this is Lucky. Lucky, can you say hi?” Lucky let out a small, harmless
“We refueled and the man I am currently seeing works two doors down, so yeah, I did stop by and say hello,” Steve told Fury.
Natalia began, lifting her drink to her lips and watching James over the rim of the glass.
meat? That was something he couldn’t say no to. With every spoonful he hummed in delight and was first to finish his portion.
“That happens sometimes. Hasn’t happened in a minute though.” He rubbed his face and took a deep breath. “How long was I out?”
Steve watched his mother, familiar with her expressions and mannerisms. Dinner went off without a hitch and afterwards, as he helped clear the table he turned to her.
It was chilly in the room and Steve crossed his arms over his chest as he spoke. “Why don’t we just put one between his eyes and be done with it?”
“Good because being with Tony helps but being with you is the best,” Clint said, turning to look at him. James quickly reached over and grabbed his hand, giving it a squeeze before letting go.
Rhodey looked around, his brows furrowed in thought and then he gestured for Steve to follow him and they walked outside. Steve was confused, especially when Rhodey walked him all the way to the corner of the next block. The firehouse was still in plain view and they would be able to hear if the alarm sounded but still. What on earth could he—
Sadly the prints didn’t match any they’d had on file but at least it was a start.
P.S. A companion/second fic in this series has been written centering around James. It picks up where James “disappears” in this fic and explores what happens during his away time as well as his new relationship. It’s called “All Or Nothing At All.”
“Well, what does he like?”
“I really don’t want to sleep anymore today. I’ve already missed so much time with you,” he answered, leaning down to kiss Steve’s chest. “Tell me something about yourself I don’t know yet.”
my only choice. I chose you. I wanted you.”
“There were. But not recently. Not in the last year or more.”
Today, it was answer or die.
Tony flat out stared at Steve, wondering what he had ever done to end up right where he was. “No, I wouldn’t like that. I’d absolutely
He went down the stairs, straightening himself up as he did. He grabbed his things from the living room and waved goodbye to the three still in the kitchen without a word. Sarah dropped everything and went after him.
“That’s too bad. Benni talks about you
“I left you alone for twenty minutes and you’re having a breakdown? That’s fast even for you.”
“Steve, you’re scaring me. What’s going on?” he asked, his voice shaking. Not because he didn’t trust Steve and his ability to keep him safe but because he felt like something dangerous was happening.
Steve had many little pleasures in life, but Tony’s weekly visits had become a highlight. He looked forward to them as much as he did his weekly drinks with James. Now with only one of those highlights in his week, he had to find a way to manage his disappointment and that was not something he was particularly good at.
It was just about two hours later when James sat up straight in his chair, after being hunched over documents with Dmitri, and cracked his neck. He rolled his shoulders and tried to get some of the tension out but no luck.
“Alright then I’ll call Davis at the 76th precinct, see if he can put out an APB matching Bucky’s description in the area,” Steve said, taking out his phone.
James smiled at him. “Oh? You like this? Yeah, some cute fella bought it for me.”
“I thought I’d keep you on your toes and not make dinner tonight,” Tony scoffed. “There are two chickens in the oven, as well as mashed potatoes the way you like them, and green beans. Now stop snacking before you ruin your appetite.” Tony gently slapped the back of Steve’s hand and winked at him. This whole interaction was somewhat exciting to him. Not only the idea of taking care of Steve but also being able to tell him off, being bossy with him, all those things.
Steve could hear Rhodey on the other end of the line, that’s how loud and angry he was. “
Steve laughed darkly. “A lot is pretty shitty right now, you’ll have to be specific.”
Steve moved around to sit on the other side of his desk, right in front of Tony, his hands together in his lap. He ran his tongue along the inside of his cheek, trying to calm himself before he spoke, his eyes on Tony who wouldn’t look up.
Steve had been watching Tony, having stopped talking a while ago. He watched the change in Tony’s expression even with his eyes closed and he moved closer to him. When he suddenly sat up, Steve wanted to reach out but didn’t touch him. Instead he held his hands out, offering the touch if it was wanted.
“Uh…” Steve said, looking back at the coffee that was still dripping slowly into the pot and then back to the
selfish. He loves you, you love him. That’s not selfishness, it’s logic.” It reminded Clint of when James had asked if he’d marry him and Clint said no because it is illegal but he would stay with him forever. In his mind then and even now he knew James could do a million times better than him, maybe even with a woman he actually
Tony moved the empty glass between his hands as he tried to sort through his feelings and thoughts. It took him some time to actually form the words but when he was ready, he gently tapped Clint’s shoulder for him to turn and read his lips.
Steve watched Tony’s unusual behavior, confused, and even Benni didn’t seem to know what was causing it. Without thinking, he moved to put an arm around Tony and help him walk a little more quickly back home.
The relief washed over Steve like a wave hitting a shore and he met Tony’s eyes again. “It would take a lot to get me to think less of you, Tony,” he said honestly. He admired him, in all honesty. He welcomed the hand on his shoulder, noting that it was the first time Tony had initiated a touch. “You sure you’re okay with it?” He wanted to say something about it not being something he enjoyed but when it came to Howard, he did.
Clint woke up with a hell of a headache, silence in one ear, and completely disorientated. He sat up. He must have been knocked out at some point but he didn’t remember it. He remembered being carried to the van, he remembered losing his bearings once they got into Queens, and then they had driven for another thirty minutes. He had no way of telling if they had driven in circles and were still in Long Island City or if they had actually gone deeper into Queens.
“He’s very curious and wants to know everything. If there’s something you know that he doesn’t, he’ll like you. He’s very shy and timid at first. He likes to draw, read. Sarah is teaching him Irish, I’m teaching him Italian. He likes to bake with Steve and he actually likes to do his homework.” Tony knew that Benni was safe and sound. That knowledge eased his mind. Tony didn’t know what he would do if he had to worry about Benni on top of everything else.
“More dogs is not a consequence,” Clint agreed happily. Clint thanked him for the coffee and drank it quickly, feeling a little sleepy for no reason other than he was comfortable. “Nat’s great. She’s my best friend
Tony started trembling and kneading his hands nervously. He didn’t like this one bit. “At least it’d be warm in hell,” he said, sounding more bitter than he wanted to. “It’s December and if we’re by the river, it’ll be even colder. What if I can’t make it in time to a gas station?” He swallowed but it didn’t make much of a difference to how dry his throat felt.
“I’m aware that it sucked. Ignore that part and let’s skip ahead to you telling me about yourself. So, you’re a mechanic?”
is for when I’m cute.
She nodded, agreeing. It was true. A job like this required a certain level of earned secrecy. A nobody would raise questions and red flags with anyone they tried to deal with but an established mob boss known for his utter lack of humanity would be able to get done whatever he needed to do without anyone even thinking about questioning him or telling others.
“Where are the others? Jones, Dugan—”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Rhodey said, knowing that he was the only reason Steve put himself in the line of fire like that. Otherwise he would have been able to run further, faster.
He smiled, said he liked the sound of that, and went on to offer Loki a proposition: if he brought him information on James Romanov, he would make sure that mayor was not the final stop in his political career. That was when Loki asked for proof and the man gave Loki the number to the president’s chief-of-staff, told him to call it later and if he liked what he heard on the other end of that call, to let him know and they could get started.
“I’ll tell you where I hid the Chinese leftovers if you tell me
“Ever?” He asked, his throat even drier than before.
It was definitely more of a blessing than a curse for Steve and James to be able to recognize exactly what was being done to them. They had done it many times to others. Keeping them awake or at the very least, waking them periodically to disrupt their rest, most likely feeding them incredibly small amounts or not at all.
Rhodey just smirked and continued his search, opening the freezer now as a last ditch effort.
Everyone got quiet and looked down at their hands or at each other just like rowdy school children who’d been told off.
He looked up towards where Stark’s son had disappeared as he reached out for a sandwich. He was very obedient, it seemed, but a fighter? Not really. Or else Steve was imagining the marks on his face. His eyes flickered to Howard as he bit into the sandwich the boy had prepared. It was good. No, it was delicious. He might have to start requesting more meals from this deli.
“Antonio Edward Stark!” Tony flinched and was about to hide when he saw the red-haired girl who came running. “Stop right there!” She checked left and right before running across the street and basically tackling Tony in a hug. “Ma said she saw someone in the store. I knew it had to be you! Where have you been? I was so worried about you. Is your arm broken?” She cupped his face with her hands and kissed his forehead. “Thank god you’re okay.”
Steve had a mini-snore that woke him but only barely and he caught the end of Tony’s sentence. “Wanna talk. Wanna talk to ya, Tony,” he agreed, his eyes shutting again but he knew in his sleep-clouded mind that he
“What? Oh, fuck,” James said, stomping on the gentle red embers on the edge of the blanket until it went out and then he stomped on the cigar. “Come on, let’s go inside.”
“Thank you,” he said when Tony returned with the pills.
“That’s definitely a start. I’m gonna head back to the office and pour over those past case files. I’ll text you if I find anything else of interest that my entire forensics team managed to miss,” Jessica said with an eye roll so deep it made Steve’s eyes hurt just thinking about it. “Thanks, guys.”
“And ya live with him?”
He took out the map and looked it up for a second. Why were maps so big? There had to be an easier way to handle these. “So you’re taking me to clean out your place? Very romantic,” he said with a scoff, no actual annoyance in his words.
“Sure can.”
” Tony kissed his cheek, giving his neck a small rub to relax him. It did put a little spring into his step that Steve had taken his request to heart so soon. A painting just for him from Steve? It made him long for a private space where he could hang and admire it in peace.
“All I know is that Beniamino is safe and quite happy. And Steve, he told me I could do whatever I wanted to do, which means that I never have to see Howard ever again.” He leaned against the counter and looked at the plates in front of him. “I was certain he would kill me. He wanted to and he tried to, too. I don’t know what it was but something made him stop and he couldn’t. Not only that but I was brought to a hospital, I was given medicine. You took my brother under your wing when you didn’t have to. I half expect to wake up from this dream any second now.”
. If you stick around, I want it to be because you want to, okay?”
. Can you wash those dishes faster?”
Tony moved to the windows and looked outside. For the first time in his life he admired the beauty of snow because here it was beautifully warm, no draft on his neck, the windows not letting in the cold either. He rested a hand against the window and watched people pass by unknowing of the beauty they couldn’t see behind these walls and windows. How they were missing out, Tony thought. He didn’t know how long he had been standing there watching the outside world but when he turned around Steve simply looked at him calmly and was that a smile? “How many of these books here have you read?” Tony asked and walked to the bookshelves. There were only a handful of books he had heard of. Most of the titles and authors meant nothing to him.
He winked and then rolled his eyes when the horn of the truck was long-pressed right outside the garage.
Even though he didn’t want to, Tony fell asleep soon after and it was the best sleep he had in years.
“What did you get up to?” Steve asked trying not to make it sound like he was demanding to know her whereabouts because he knew that would only get him a good telling-off.
Again, James was hitting Steve with a lot of information in a short amount of time and Steve was a little lost but focusing on the important parts. “He knows about you and Barton?”
Now on this fine Saturday morning, they had gone for breakfast together, then for a walk along the water, and unfortunately came back home at the wrong time.
“Sam.”
He plopped down on the couch with a deep sigh, picking at the first muffin. God, he missed Tony. And he worried about Tony. And he just wanted him safe and sound and in his arms.
“Be right back. I’ve got to make a call,” he told her.
Once he had finished the story he put the book back, stopped the record and fixed everything the way it was before, as if he had never been there and yet it seemed Steve followed him to his bedroom. When he chose another book and started reading it, again he couldn’t focus because he could feel Steve’s gaze on him. But there was no way Tony was doing something wrong.
.” He got closer to him, right at his ear. “And don’t think I don’t know about Maria.”
He watched Tony get out of bed in nothing but his underwear and he hummed in appreciation, chewing his bottom lip. He didn’t want Tony to feel like he was just something to be looked at so he dropped his gaze and started finding his clothes for the day, opening the large closet and going through shirts. “Alright,” he said, “I hope he’s doing alright this morning.”
“To who?”
Steve nodded, agreeing. “Finances.”
Steve sighed again, letting out some more tension and stress. He put his hand on top of Tony’s and with his other he pulled him in close and kissed him slowly, pulling away reluctantly after a moment.
“Of course, love.”
“You’re a funny, good-looking guy and Steve’s nice but he’s not
“I was thinking maybe, Jones, you should make that thing with the duck,” Dugan said loud enough for Steve to hear and add his two bits in case he wasn’t feeling up to having that meal.
Steve smirked. “Why do I get the feeling someone has said that to
“See you in a minute,” he promised and closed the door without making a sound. Once the door was locked, he slid the keys into the inner pocket of his jacket, holding them there with one hand so that they wouldn’t make any noise.
cake too?” Benni asked, making Pepper turn around to face him.
“This is just you being salty and petty because I said you couldn’t date Bruce’s cousin Jennifer. I just didn’t want you getting your feelings hurt. She likes desk-jockey types,” Tony defended, popping a piece of broccoli into his mouth and chewing petulantly. “You know, IT nerds like her cousin.”
“I worry you got a raw deal in choosing me,” James said honestly. “You—Tony was saved from something bad. I brought you
“Do you think they’re alright?” Steve finally asked, having had enough of the chilling silence and his loud, unrelenting thoughts. Every time he closed his eyes he saw Tony curled up in some awful place, scared and alone. He clenched his fist, trying to force himself to just think about getting him back.
a surprise, what would it have been?”
” he said, shaking his head and chuckling. James was impressed with him. He understood more and more why Steve had his obsession with him. “So he asked you to teach him to use a gun, huh?” Steve nodded, sipping his drink.
Steve sat on the edge of the bed and waited for whatever dame James had in mind. He also chose good ones for Steve. A few moments later, the door opened and Steve’s lips parted, no sound coming out, and then he smiled.
She hung up and turned to them, both men on the edge of their seats, hoping against hope that it was something useful.
“Uncalled for,” Steve muttered.
“You really thought I wouldn’t?” He asked in a deep voice, gently biting Steve’s lower lip when he got the chance.
He walked with Benni through the passageway. He’d had more lights installed since taking in the kid. He didn’t want him to get spooked.
Tony turned his head to James. He was ready then? He looked back to the targets and nodded. He knew what he wanted to ask. He knew what he had to do. What he
“If you don’t want me to do your books anymore, that’s fine, you know.” It was a statement and not a question. Was he doubting Tony? Why would this kind of money even be worth Steve’s time when he had a lot more in different accounts all safely tucked away?
He thought about it for a minute before nodding and Dugan made the call. Later that evening they headed over.
“I will hold you to that. It was nice seeing you.” Sarah excused herself and went upstairs to her bedroom.
“That’s why,” Tony nodded, slowly putting the pieces together of who was who and what they do. “Not a fan of hitting things.” Tony said. The reason why was probably clear enough.
“Not yet. Maybe. I haven’t asked yet. I’m hoping so.”
Dugan and Dmitri had collected most of the papers strewn across the floor just in case anything there would be of help to them. Seeing as there was nothing else to be found, they left. James and Steve didn’t want to stay there any longer. They had been
“Of course.”
“I don’t think I have to tell you what you already know.”
” James roared when they got to the warehouse only to find it empty. What made matters worse was that it was only recently empty. There were cups of tea still sat on surfaces, lukewarm by now. Papers left lying on the floors and chairs overturned. They had
“You gave him your tags?” Steve nodded. “And he left them behind as proof.” Steve nodded again. “Smart boy.”
+  ~  +
The doctors wanted to keep Clint at the hospital for another two days just to monitor his leg and make sure that the bone was setting correctly. Clint was going out of his mind in his hospital bed, sick of the fluorescent lighting and the perpetual smell of chemicals. He was tired of not being able to go to the bathroom on his own and he was ready for a proper bath and a shave. He was also tired of the nightmares and the unpredictable moments where this deep sense of impending doom would overtake him and leave him spaced out and hyperventilating.
“You think it’ll be more than a night?”
“You two have forever to catch up,” Steve reassured them, his hands gripping the wheelchair handles now.
“I can’t take it, Steve,” James said, crossing his arms to stop his hands from shaking as he paced in the kitchen. “I can’t take the thought of anyone hurting him. Hurting
James went for the solo man, his knife sailing through the air with deadly precision and burying itself in the back of his head. The man dropped into the snow with a soft crunch and James took his weapon and carried on. Dmitri at James’ three o’clock across the street was crossing now to enter the building with him.
James extended his to Natalia, dropping her off on the second floor and then being grabbed by Sarah who held them both close as they ascended the stairs together.
And he knew it was a combination of things—Tony being gone, being alone when James was out, the incident with Fitz—but he felt like he couldn’t get past it this time. It was pulling him under and though he was fighting, this episode felt like quicksand—the harder he struggled, the quicker it swallowed him up.
“W-what about guards?”
“That was purely coincidental.”
“He’s a great guy. He protected me when he thought they’d hurt me, even after I told him that I could take care of myself. And yes, you gotta get used to him being around.” He poked Steve’s side playfully, pouting when he couldn’t find any loose skin to pinch. Why did his fella have to be this muscular? “No, I missed Benni too much. And you know… the silence was a bit much.  Even though we kept talking it was mostly just silent.”
He didn’t know exactly what they had heard but he had a good enough idea. Footsteps, perhaps even something being knocked over because the person was careless. Whatever they had heard, the three of them had not been alone and experience told Steve that whoever was there was behind the fires.
“Real funny,” he teased and Benni giggled, taking the peach crayon instead and drawing a stick figure, then the yellow for Steve’s hair and blue for his eyes.
He was also still battling the feelings Fitz’s unexpected presence had dragged up and every now and then a tremor shook his entire body as the memories were forced upon him.
“You didn’t do that. Bak—”
He kept how he was feeling about the whole situation to himself. He didn’t want Tony to choose one way or the other based on how he felt, on what Steve wanted. He wanted him to know—or at least
“Ready to blow this joint?” Steve asked, holding out a bag to him. It was a fresh hot dog he’d picked up on the way. James did well with the menu here compared to other hospitals but hospital food would always be hospital food.
Sarah watched her boys with a warm smile. “Lunch is ready, let’s say grace. I’m famished,” she said, taking her usual spot.
“I realize,” Steve began, “that I’m not as kind to you as I could be.” Clint snorted before he could stop himself and Steve gave him a small smile.
“That’s eighteen karats,” Monet said simply as Steve turned it over and over in between his fingers. “With hand cut rubies set into it.”
? Who you are and
“Better? Or should I go as well?”
+  ~  +
James was moving his fingers lightly over Clint’s back, drawing circles and other shapes to calm and comfort him. Only an hour ago, Clint had woken up thrashing, having dreamt that the men had come in again, and he tore out his IV.
.” She smiled as she always did and hugged Benni, greeting him in Gaelic. It was a morning like every other morning ever since they got there but Tony wasn’t sure if it was the calm before the storm or not. He remembered Sarah telling him that her priority was her son. Steve was his priority too and he would tell her that. If he ever managed to speak again.
During dinner Benni asked a lot of questions about the house, what there was to do and see and what he could do when he came home from school. James had arranged for someone to pick Benni up, just to be sure and promised he would show Benni around later.
Hearing the Irish accent more made Tony’s heart flutter. Something about Steve changed when he didn’t care about the way he spoke. He scooted away to give Steve more room and hummed softly, lowering his voice when he answered.
reacted to Steve it didn’t leave much doubt.
“Come on now. You’re not one to bite your tongue. What is it?”
He walked up the stairs, removing clothing as he went, and walked down the hallway of the second floor, hesitating when he got to Tony’s door. He pushed it open enough to peek in and see him sleep. So peaceful. While he slept, his face didn’t have any of the hard lines he had developed too early on in life from the hardships he endured. He looked rested and happy there on his side.
“Since when are you a team player?”
“I could have given you guys a moment if you needed it,” Tony grinned, getting ready to help Dugan if he needed assistance. “I’m good, I’ll get me something later. It’s more important that you eat.”
He relaxed into her touch, now much more at ease since he had gotten used to physical affection.
“Are you sure?”
wanted to be the thing, the person, who brought Tony peace. Rationally, he knew he did. He knew it from the way Tony clung to him and curled up to him in bed. Didn’t mean it wasn’t still a blow to the gut to hear that Clint, a man Steve himself barely knew, could also help. It hurt but it was also a relief, so Steve focused on the relief aspect.
“That tactic ever worked? Got yourself a bird?” James said, following up on his previous statement and catching the intense glare from Steve that Tony and Benni missed.
“Oh, come on, Winter, at least make an honest woman of her for her…
But Clint really wanted to talk. As accustomed to it as he was, this little bit of conversation they had had over the last few days had kept him from teetering over the edge of insanity in the silence that he found himself in. He wasn’t born deaf, so the silence was suffocating him.
“And who are you?” Steve asked, moving towards them.
Tony rested against Steve, making sure he didn’t put all his weight on him. His eyes filled with tears, even though they were closed, and he had to laugh at himself and this whole situation. “I love you so much and I hate the stitches more than I can say,” he whispered softly.
When they got to the operating ward, Steve was ushered in and prepped. James burst into the surgical prep room and all the surgeons turned, masks on over their otherwise terrified expressions.
, he wanted to add,
Steve brought his hand up to his face, pinching the bridge of his nose and exhaling. Dugan stood and went around to stand behind him, his hands coming down onto his shoulders and massaging roughly. Steve relaxed slightly.
He rounded the corner, now pressed against the short side of the building, noticing the car that was parked in front of the building. If only he knew how to break into a car and drive it. That would make things so much easier.
“That lad’s dead set on taking good care of you, isn’t he?” Dugan asked. Steve looked towards the hallway and smiled.
Steve went over to his chair, sat down at his desk and sighed, rubbing a hand down his face before looking for the numbers he needed to call.
Clint woke around three in a cold sweat, his heart racing, and he just felt like he needed to
Tony held his side where he could still feel the impact of the kick. Why had he been able to take worse beatings over the years but this one nearly made him cry? Maybe it was because Clint was asking. No, he wasn’t okay. He was somewhere not even close to Steve, he was tired, hungry, and desperate for warmth and security. Steve spoiled him and he knew that but it didn’t have to be a bad thing. It was nice to not have to suffer.
With a nod and a smile from Tony they settled into silence and Clint decided to just go with it, inhaling deeply.
“Likewise,” James agreed, knowing how many times he had promised to spoil Clint rotten and intending to make good on that as often as possible.
James was reminded, as he looked at Dmitri’s face and heard the thinly veiled concern, that Clint was his friend too. In fact, he had been Dmitri’s friend years before he was James’ anything.
“Agreed.”
“Anytime. I’d like to give you one as well,” he began, looking at Maria, “because I am of the opinion that no one should be without a weapon but I wasn’t sure of your stance on it.”
“For the record, I know you’re using this to sidetrack me
“Don’t. I want it,” Tony promised and looked at Steve.
“There you are,” Benny said as soon as Tony’s door closed behind him.
“Hold his arms still.”
Steve checked his pocket watch, sitting on the side of his bed, fully dressed, bed made, at 5am. He rubbed a hand over his face. He told James he would meet him at the hospital this morning rather than in the evening because neither of them really wanted to finish their day that way and James already had prior business to attend to at the hospital.
That night Tony showed her how to make fresh spaghetti, then used what was left of the ham to make them carbonara, a dish none of the others had ever heard of before. It was a simple but delicious meal.
when I ask you a question!” Howard yelled and grabbed Tony by the collar of his shirt, pulling him towards him forcefully. “You don’t deserve any of this! Ungrateful fuck like your mother!” Howard continued to shake and slap Tony, yelling at him and cursing him and his mother. He finally let go and dropped Tony on the ground.
deserves it.” Now Cap raised an eyebrow.
Clint. This was no one’s fault except for whatever idiot had taken them and that was what Natalia had reminded them both, pressing herself in between them in a display of courage that not even Dugan and Dmitri were willing to show and forcefully pushing them apart.
He wondered if Sam and Bucky were there too. Maybe this was going to be a ‘get to know the best friends’ type of dinner. He wasn’t sure why Steve would do that but it was the only thing his frantic mind was providing him with at the moment.
“Don’t move a muscle,” a second Asian man standing in the door frame hissed. Even though they were also on the smaller side, Tony knew that he had no chance to win. Instead he watched one of them open the window and then throw a blanket on the cot next to him. Seldom had he been this happy to see some protection from the cold.
Tony took his hand and he pulled him up with a smooth tug into his arms. Tony bumped into him with the force of the pull and Steve chuckled before arranging them properly, Tony’s right hand in his left, Steve’s other hand low on Tony’s back and Tony’s left hand on Steve’s shoulder. They danced slowly to the music. Steve was watching Tony’s face at first and then he pulled him closer, tilting his head so their cheeks were close to one another’s, Steve’s nose nuzzled against Tony’s ear.
He lowered his arm and reached out for the trays of food, pulling them over to himself and Tony. The water still sat where they left it.
are you?” Clint asked again but the man didn’t speak. He rushed Clint, slamming him into the wall with a speed and force that Clint was not expecting. Clint’s head hit the hard brick and it sent a searing pain radiating out from that spot, blinding him momentarily, but with what little focus he still had, he thrust his hand out and stabbed the knife into the man’s thigh, dragging it across with as much strength as he had.
James nodded, always impressed with just how well she knew Clint.
“Wrong answer.” Steve snapped his fingers and Jones pushed O’Shea down into a chair, keeping a firm hand on his shoulder so he wouldn’t be going anywhere. Jones’ other hand was on the handle of his gun. “Tony, tell the man what you found.”
it. A few habits of Clint’s irritated him and even occasionally led to them bickering but overall, he didn’t
Inside the store they didn’t have to wait a single second to be greeted by a man in a beautiful suit, leading them to a more secluded part of the store where they weren’t easily spotted. He offered them water and biscuits immediately, bringing a comfortable chair over for Sarah.
Steve thought about it for a second. They had made a deal with Madame Gao, seeing as she had helped them after all, to hand over Bakuto’s estates to her. She wanted the territory and that was perfectly fine with Steve and James because it already bled into her other territories in Queens. In exchange, she had offered Steve and James a joint five percent of whatever her gambling rings accumulated. They had turned her down, saying she had more than earned Bakuto’s territory on the basis of the information she had provided. It was also an act of good faith on Steve and James’ part that would hopefully strengthen the only alliance within the six—now five—mob bosses that they cared about.
Rhodey just sighed and said, “Where are the leftovers?”
“Here we go,” Steve said, sliding open the envelope and pulling the documents out. He laid them on the table and handed Tony a pen. He gave Benni one too so he could feel included. “Just need to fill in a couple things and then sign right here, love.” Steve leaned down and pressed a kiss to Tony’s hair, going over to the pantry to find a snack.
“Fewer tall buildings,” Steve commented, “and definitely no Times Square. Just wait till we get to Ballycastle. No tall buildings for miles.”
“Oh, can we have potato soup? Or beef stew?” Benni jumped down and ran to the kitchen, listing off more dishes he enjoyed. Even though Sarah had asked Tony, he didn’t mind if Benni picked something.
Steve’s gun was pressing into James’ side and after a moment they both started laughing, putting away their weapons.
If not even Sarah was telling her boys to eat and sleep, then no one else was trying to get themselves stabbed or shot by doing so.
“Ah, well,” Pinky began, “the war. I was the lone survivor of an ambush. Cap and his men found me and saved me and I joined them.”
Steve exhaled shakily. “Tony,” he said, his voice clear and firm now, “you—you’re—I.” He shook his head, words weren’t important right now, just being here with Tony was. Remembering every detail about this moment in case he woke in the morning and Tony changed his mind or Steve realized he was dreaming. He pulled Tony into his arms, holding him securely, and he led him to the study, shutting the door behind them.
“You’re power-texting. Chill. He will respond. Steve’s not glued to his phone like—oh hey, he texted. ‘Hi, Tony, yeah I—’” Tony snatched his phone back before Rhodey could finish reading. Rhodey was laughing.
“James,” he said and James turned, his hand twitching anxiously. Why were they not going? Why had they stopped?
Tony laughed. He was most definitely not the early type but a part of him was scared Steve wouldn’t show up. He also hadn’t seen the place in person before and wanted to make sure the Yelp reviews and Instagram posts weren’t lying. And they weren’t, it was nice.
He moved to stand, removing his arm from Tony’s shoulders and lifting Benni easily to drop him beside his brother. Steve stretched and everything ached from sleeping upright, all his joints cracking. How did he manage to make his late twenties feel so old? “I’m going to shower,” he told them, and headed out.
“This was a lovely surprise,” Natalia said as their plates were being cleared away. “Thank you.”
“Senator and fourth, one machine, one hand, protection’s down,” Steve rattled off into the phone as quietly as possible, trying to lookout for the owner of the handgun, his eyes darting left and right in the darkness.
“You alright?” He asked, leaning to kiss his cheek. He knew he was good at what he did but he still needed to make sure that Tony felt as satisfied as possible. He would take things slow with him, as slow as Tony needed or wanted.
I could date and ever truly be safe. I’m a man who loves men living in a world that hates people like me, like us. If anything,
Steve closed his eyes, feeling himself about to tear up. He inhaled deeply and pressed a few more kisses into Tony’s hair.
“And he said?”
Before they got inside, James clocked the sound of two more bodies hitting the snow and then Steve and Dugan rounded the corner to slip inside with them.
“What are you doing?”
“You’re not fucked up, Steve,” he whispered softly. There were so many things Tony was scared of—hurting Steve physically while holding him, not being what he needed emotionally and maybe really not being up to the task of taking care of Steve—but he took a deep breath and moved to sit down next to Steve and hold him in a more comfortable way while he cried. He wouldn’t allow Steve to push him away when he needed Tony the most.
Tony furrowed his brows and gave him a questioning look. “I know how to use a knife. Oh, you mean as a weapon?“ The idea of learning how to fight close up with a knife, learning to use a gun, it was exciting. It was a part of himself he didn't know was there. And yet he liked it, could see where it came from and wanted it. “Can’t hurt to learn, I guess.”
Steve didn’t even say anything besides moaning. He got up and easily lifted Tony to turn him onto his stomach, pressing kisses down his neck, his back, across his ass, all the way down to the back of his knees and up again.
“We needed somewhere private to have a drink. I took him there. We used your office. Wait, is that alright?” James asked, suddenly sobering.
“You two are rude. I’m going to live with Tony,” Clint said, pouting and James leaned forward to kiss his cheek. Clint turned back to Tony. “But yes, please visit and then maybe once I’m allowed to leave, we should plan that meal.” He looked up at Steve too who nodded his agreement.
“Of course, laddie,” she told him as the door opened and James’ men brought in three food trays. “Thank you, Dmitri,” she said to the one she had spoken to before. He nodded—almost bowed—to her and excused himself back outside.
They texted a while longer until they decided on steaks at a somewhat nice restaurant in Williamsburg and they would meet there at seven. Tony put his phone down, a small smile on his face, and looked up at Rhodey who was smiling back at him.
“You sure?”
“Have a favorite room yet?” Steve said, moving in closer to where he was, arms still tucked perfectly over him. “Benni knows this already, but you’re welcome to wander as you please. Only room off limits is my own.”
“Steve. Steve Rogers.”
Tony looked at his eyes in the dim light and nodded. He liked his new home better and better. “I don’t know,” he answered honestly. “He loves you and he loves it here. I don’t... I don’t think he’ll mind.” Tony took a moment to think about it before he continued. “I’ll talk to him alone at first, if that is alright with you?”
Dmitri said when he caught James looking into one of the bags with a frown. James looked up and gave him a small smile.
Dmitri looked up, raising an eyebrow expectantly. “Nothing,” James said, his annoyance obvious.
Sam shrugged. “No clue. I was in the kitchen when they left.”
“Hey,” Steve said, taking a bite of his snack, “just figured I’d join for the tour. Can’t hurt to get to know my intruder.” He grinned, a dimple showing in his cheek, and Tony wondered if he had gotten more beautiful since the last time they’d seen each other.
“Not yet but I will soon,” he said over his shoulder, lifting a hand to signal for them to stop. He silently indicated that Steve and Dugan should stay downstairs. Steve frowned but did it, understanding that James obviously knew what he was doing.
He sat up, about to call his trainer and get in a few rounds of boxing when Dmitri entered. He laid a document down on James’ desk and then turned to leave as quickly as he had come.
He tossed their files in the trashcan that was underneath his desk and put Seàn’s back into his desk drawer. Dugan was out talking to him right at that moment.
“It was Dugan’s idea. Hope it doesn’t put you out too much.”
“I understood,” he told him a little sheepishly. “I’ve been trying to learn a few words.” He felt the blush but continued talking. “Talking to you about these things
By the time they were calling it a night, James was coming back home and came in to find them. Tony was taking a few shots when he came in, having changed to shooting the human-shaped target. Tony had managed a few good abdominal shots, places that would do a lot of damage but so far no kill shots.
“And… now I’m not,” Tony stated, honestly surprised. “How?”
Tony had handed the tablet in his hands to Pepper and led Steve upstairs to his office again, shutting the door and attempting to close the blinds but Steve was already guiding him back until he was sitting on his own desk, Steve standing between his legs kissing him breathless.
“That one right over there,” Pinky said, pointing to the dark blue car. “A Ford Prefect, as promised, customized quite nicely if I do say so myself.” He led them over to the car, grabbing the keys out of his waistcoat pocket and handing them to Steve. “Nice leather interior with a bit of extra paddin’ for the journey. I redid the radio so you won’t get sick of each other either. Look alright?”
“I love you, you know,” Clint told him. He saw James’ hands hesitate before he continued chopping vegetables.
Clint slipped his hand into Tony’s and gave it a squeeze. He would always be grateful to not have to go through this alone. “I’m glad you’re here too,” he said, his smile a little less sad this time.
Inside he put the plate on the usual spot without hesitation and unwrapped everything.
“I know you leave tomorrow. If you want to stop by today, she’s waiting for you. If not, I hope you find something,” James told him. “And Clint just found out you’re leaving so soon and was adamant I give you our number to give to Tony.”
“Here,” he said, “is
Bakuto cleared his throat. “In the next two hours, I want every file you have on myself and the other bosses. You can leave them with Loki. I’m fairly sure you know his address, James.”
“He would and I would not stop him.”
“I like you too, Steve,” he said. “And if you wanted to go on a third date with me I might even say yes.” A joke came anyway but it was a lot more sincere than anything he’d normally offer up to people who weren’t Rhodey or Pepper.
But he didn’t.
There were dark brown leather couches, more books scattered around the room, a few knickknacks here and there, a big coffee table between the two couches, and a fireplace with a huge comfy-looking rug in front of it. The fireplace was lit and warmed the whole room but even so, big wool blankets were laid neatly across the backs of the couches. In the far corner was a huge, shiny black baby grand piano.
“It’s that kid you wanted to see,” he explained. Cap nodded, a grim smile on his face and opened his drawer. There she was, old faithful—his semi-automatic pistol. He motioned for him to come in and Dugan moved back enough to put a hand on the kid’s back and shove him in.
As soon as he heard Steve moving, Tony was right next to his bed and looked at him in relief. He had more color in his face. “You don’t have to apologize,” he said and reached for Steve’s hand and kissed it softly. “A lot has happened. I can't even begin to imagine how you must feel.” Tony was very happy to hear his Steve again, even though he looked so sad and tired. He leaned down and pressed a loving kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Let me get you something to drink. You must be parched.”
James blew air out of his nose, a soft smile on his face. “Feels that way some days.”
Clint gently put a hand on Tony’s knee. “Yeah, me too. They’ll find us again and knowing how much they love us, it won’t take too long. Until then, we’re gonna get through this. What would you rather: me leave you alone or talk?” Clint almost laughed. It was very rare that anyone wanted him to keep talking.
“Ah,” he said, his hand going to his side with the two stabs and the bullet wound. “Tony? Where is everyone? What time is it?”
Tony focused on an invisible spot on the plate he was drying while thinking about an answer. No, he didn’t want to. “And be even more pathetic?” He shook his head and finally put the plate down. “I’ll be okay.”
“Good job,” he told him, glad to hear Tony was alright after going back there. He moved away, back towards his desk. He understood Tony’s thinking behind it but still found it cute that he had brought back food for them to use.
“How’s Ireland?” He asked and thought back to the green painting in Steve’s room. “Once. When I was eight, I believe. Spent a whole summer in the village where my mom was born.” He smiled when he thought of that memory.
It was nearing the two week mark of having them back that James and Steve decided to meet in person to talk about what they could do for them going forward. They had always worked best together to solve issues and figured that if Tony and Clint were going to get the best help they could receive, Steve and James would need to put their heads together and figure out exactly what that was.
Steve shrugged. “If it helps Tony and Clint, I’m on board with anything. We just need to find out if
They chatted and joked until their food came, falling silent for a few minutes as they ate. It was delicious, all perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. Maria almost finished hers before Clint did his and James and Natalia just smiled and ate like civilized people.
+  ~  +
. Why does Steve work with Russians? I thought he was head of the Irish mob.”
Steve blew air out of his cheeks, leaning back in his chair, trying to get comfortable and ignore his nerves.
When the time came to set sail to their first destination they went outside all bundled up. They stood at the back and Tony stared at the Statue of Liberty. The last time he had traveled anywhere was before either of his siblings had been born and he barely remembered anything from then. This time it was different. He was determined to remember everything and enjoy their trip to the fullest.
“Positive. He said he had to get back, traffic to Queens was always a nightmare.”
It was the dead of summer, which really made being a firefighter more of a tiring job than usual. Sam knocked out in the car on the way and, despite Bucky insisting he eat first, when they got home he wanted to go straight to bed. After promising to have a big breakfast, Bucky joined him and they went upstairs to their room, showered, and slept.
“What happened?” James asked and Clint took a few breaths before beginning to explain.
He hoped James would come back. There was a part of him that wished he didn’t love Tony. A part of him that wished he could’ve given his friend what he wanted, could’ve been what he wanted. There was a small part of him that still remembered what it felt like to be in love with James.
Before he could register what was happening, Benni started crying and Tony instinctively wrapped his arms around him, comforting him.
“I… when I said it already did. I know you’d never let anything happen to me.”
Steve stayed where he was, his grip on Loki tightening uncomfortably.
it. And he didn’t like that horrendous nickname ‘Bucky’ that Clint was so fond of calling him, but again he didn’t
always loved you and so did Nella. Howard won’t get to you ever again, you understand, eh?” Benni nodded and took Tony’s hand.
“Only the best,” Steve said. “I intend to spoil whether it’s wanted or not.”
- im95notdead
“So, we’re off firehouse grounds now. You’re my captain. I’m not about to get all up in your face in plain sight of everyone else. I respect you too much.”
“Hi, Uncle Steve,” she said, coming into his office and letting go of Natasha. She walked up to him and climbed in his lap when he offered. “You look tired,” she said and Steve laughed.
“I, uh… yeah,” Clint said, looking over at him, moving aside the apples he had already chopped and grabbing a new one. “And James doesn’t nap. Steve seem off?”
Clint smiled. “Aw, that’s sweet and
He stared down at it like he had the bread roll she pressed into his hand a few days earlier. Again, he narrowed his eyes at her and then watched as she went over to Steve and held out her hand, offering him another freshly washed piece of fruit on a napkin.
“Mhm.”
She didn’t even look at him, digging for something in her bag but said, “Put the knife away, pet,” and found her lip balm. She stopped and got a look at the table. “And which of you lot made this delicious looking meal?” There was a big smile on her face, her blue eyes bright and she put her bag on the counter and came to sit down with them.
“Didn’t peg you as able to do
.” He didn’t bother opening his eyes when he replied because if he kept them shut, he could keep that image of Steve above him present a while longer. “Keep those new spots in mind. I loved them.”
“I was eight when I met this annoying man,” James said.
The only good thing to come out of that long meeting was how much it got Steve’s mind off Tony. He had barely thought about him all day. Maybe this was working,
Tony swallowed and then cleared his throat. “I, um. Me too.” They fell into comfortable silence for a moment before Tony spoke again. “Any good firefighting stories?”
“Yessir,” he said, ducking out of the room. Falsworth watched him leave, an eyebrow raised asking a silent question, which Steve ignored and declined to answer.
“Filthy, sickening, foul,” Falsworth said, and stabbed him again, in the leg. Steve fell onto one knee. “Putrid, horrid, undeserving of life.”
Thankfully, Steve was a firefighter so things didn’t get boring just because there weren’t any diner explosions. Brooklyn kept them busy—gas leaks, chemical fires, car fires, and other traffic-related accidents. Steve knew a day without hearing that alarm sound was one that would never come but what he wouldn’t do for one day with nothing but minor calls—just lots and lots of cats stuck in trees.
“Sore. Tired,” Tony mumbled and had to force his eyes to stay open, which took a lot of effort.
James searched the fridge and then took out a few simple ingredients and got to work making Clint a gourmet meal. He had been spoiling him ever since he’d gotten home. The only simple meals he had made for Clint were cereal and that was only because Clint said he had really missed a nice, cold bowl of cereal.
“As much as I could. Or else ma would read aloud whatever she’d recently picked up,” he told him, the memory bright in his mind, one of the better childhood ones. Life was not always ‘which bespoke suit shall I wear today?’ “What’s your go-to genre? I noticed the books from your old room and I got you new copies.” He’d kept the old ones as well, putting them with the other few things he’d brought from the deli just in case Tony wanted them.
“No, you’re not. We need someone here on phones,” James said.
Steve shook his head and felt he should explain. “She’s never seen that side of me,” he said, wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulders and resting his head on top of Tony’s. He sighed, closing his eyes. “No, I don’t need anything. I’m fine. You need food? I promise I won’t leave my bed if you do.”
“Hm,” James said, nodding his head as well and sending Steve a look. He smiled and stood. “Be right back. You still keep it in the bedside table drawer?”
He shrugged casually, too casually. “I’ll get over it. I have to. I’d rather have you in my life than not.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t want to break the cup. I will get you a new one. I’m so sorry,
“Right. So I was very drunk last night. Like ‘I’m surprised I even made it this close to home’ drunk. In my stupor, obviously, I climbed the fire escape and entered your apartment and voila.”
“Here you go,” Tony said as he put down the plates.
Steve’s head dropped as he almost fell asleep where he was sitting beside Tony’s bed. The paper he was reading was on the floor, pages everywhere. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been out but outside it was dark but then again it was winter and the sun set at 3pm.
