“No reason to be.” Dean held his beer out to clink with Castiel’s. They did so and drank. Castiel didn’t miss the way his fingers brushed Dean’s. Maybe he wouldn’t mind being at this party after all.
“That I’m... That I’ve slept with guys. I’m still figuring things out and I wanna be the one to tell him when I have sorted things through.” Cas hums like he’s content, he can feel the buzz of alcohol consume him.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” He heard Dean stop moving. Perfect.
“Whatcha guys working on?” Dean asked as he sat down. Castiel started explaining their projects and Dean listened while eating his fries.
“What? No way! That’s not how people do it when doing the pledge of allegiance though?”
“Yes, I have it almost finished I believe. Where are you with it?”
Once the door was closed and Castiel was for sure gone, Sam looked at Dean abruptly.
“The city?”
It was probably just drunk Dean though. He grabbed a shirt without looking which one it was. It was on top of his drawer, but so were three other shirts.
“Yes Dean?” He answers, sitting next to him. He liked sitting with Dean. He’d never been friends with men. Not really at least. He found most of them obnoxious. Dean was kind of obnoxious, but he was mostly sweet. He just hid that part of himself. Cas could see it though.
“Charlie, truth or dare?”
“Hah, why’re you here then?” Dean leaned against the door jam as he sipped his drink.
“No it’s been weeks! I’m still sad but it’s more like a background thing now. Like I’m only sad if I think about it, and not everything reminds me of her.” She trailed off.
“My sister is a junior here. But besides that no. We’re from Oregon.”
He’d have to answer that later, because for now he still had about two boxes to help Sam unload. His dorm room was on the fourth floor, he’ll have a fun time lugging up all those stairs every day.
“Three months.” He spit out with no thought. He’d known Dean for about two months, so he could stretch another month in there.
Dean and Cas have a silent agreement to keep drinking. Cas knows he’ll win, but he supposed Dean thinks the same.
“That doesn’t mean anything.”
“Ah that old trick. Happens to the best of us.” Dean patted Castiel’s shoulder, and left his hand there a moment or two longer than necessary. Castiel couldn’t help but smile at him.
“I’m not saying anything!” He smirks into his phone as he rounds the corner on the building.
Dean’s new job was exactly what he needed. He had a steady schedule, a good pay, and the job was something he actually enjoyed doing. He had some cool coworkers, though he didn’t really talk to many of them too often.
“I just have a high tolerance I guess.” Cas says.
“No, just got distracted.” He told her, she smiled and picked out her own drink. While she wasn’t looking Castiel made big eyes at Dean that read ‘save me!’. Dean nodded like he understood.
“You try to set me up with almost every gay man you meet.” He rolled his eyes.
“Sorry Cassie, I’ve been going through it though.” Charlie said, pulling away. Her face was puffed and red from crying. Her hair was pulled back in a messy array. She was wearing a t shirt and pajama bottoms.
“Right, I hate to be rude, but I gotta date with my shower so...” Dean puts down his form and collects all of them into a folder.
His second class of the day went smoother. He really likes his professor, she’s funny and actually seems to care about the students. So the two hours pass by without any issue. It’s an easy class, just a mandatory freshmen class.
“Well whatever. Now, are you ready?” Dean had found the remote and was curled up in a blanket. He was sitting up in anticipation, he loves this movie and was excited to show it to Cas.
“You just missed it.”
Dean wasn’t even that drunk. Was he? He remembers everything at least. Though he is a little embarrassed about it.
That actually surprised me, he never stayed the night away. But maybe he was just trying to get away from Dean and I chatting.
He checks his phone again, to see how much time he has. It’s 7:45, geez it had taken him a while to do all that. In his last fifteen minutes he pretty much just straightened out his furniture and looked for the dvd of Tombstone.
“Yeah me too.” Sam announces as he closes down his laptop. Kevin and Brady don’t pay them much attention though. Kevin is pouring over some old notes and Brady is typing furiously at his laptop. He told them earlier that he had an English paper due tomorrow.
“What’re you doing today?” Sam asked him.
“So Castiel, do you want to dance or something?” She asked, tucking a piece of hair behind her ear. He felt bad that he didn’t like her honestly, she was a sweet woman and incredibly smart. But he’s made it clear several times that he wasn’t interested. He was this close to coming out to her. Only thing stopping him was the fact that she was so religious.
“Yeah for sure. Thanks guys,” Sam says while putting on his backpack.
“Hey Cas?” Dean asks from the couch.
He couldn’t help but smile as he saw the man he had only met once. He was wearing a buttoned up red flannel and jeans. He had an empty beer in his hand, and slowly put it in the recycling bag.
“It’s just, well, um.” Sam stumbled through his thoughts, now and embarrassed to say any of this in front of Castiel. He was friends with him sure, but he’d never talked about girls before. Neither of them had brought any back here, or even discussed what they would do if the other wanted to.
“There’s new additions I see,” Charlie notes. Cas rolls his eyes and moves on before she can ask too much.
But that was all normal with friends. He loved talking to Charlie too, and he adored many of her traits. He just isn’t used to being friends with the gender he was attracted to. That’s all it was.
“I hate you.” Dean chuckled and crossed his arms. Cas wasn’t one to talk about his relationships, he’s a private guy. But he weirdly trusted Dean.
“Hey, you’re um, Castiel right?” A familiar voice startled Castiel from his focus on the different beer options. He looked up from the cooler to see none other than Dean Winchester.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said after Sam refused to say anything. Castiel looked up to meet his eyes. “Has Sam mentioned any girls? Or have any passed through here?” Sam glared at his brother, then put his face in his hands.
“Where do you work?” Hannah asks him.
“Fine Dean, there’s this friend of mine. Her name is Jessica.” Dean looked to Castiel as if to confirm what Sam was telling him. Castiel looked a bit awkward, like he didn’t want to get between the two brothers. Which was fair.
He liked being friends with Dean, it seemed almost easy. Not that being friends with Charlie was hard. Being friends with Meg was hard, but mostly because she’s a temperamental person. Charlie is a sweetheart, if a little stubborn.
“For the film? Yes, I think I can manage.” He says sarcastically with a deadpan. Dean gives him a face that reads ‘come on man’. Cas looks at him with a calm smile on his face. His smile only grows when he sees Dean’s bitch face.
“Hey Sammy, what’s up?” He asked, putting his phone on speaker so he could get dressed.
“Okay but imagine how cool it would be if your boyfriend lived right next to me!” Castiel could think of several reasons why that wouldn’t be cool.
Dean then turned his head to Castiel, who was reading a text book on his bed, he looked at him like he just realized he was there.
“I don’t know what to tell you.”
“No, never.” Dean smiles back at him.
“Oh yeah, I love this show.”
“Name all your relationships, just relationships not one time things.” Charlie said. Cas thought it only fair so he didn’t mind too much.
He finds Tombstone and sets it up in his DVD player. It’s a little rickety but it works well enough. He’s hitting the side of the machine when he hears a knock at the door. He gives it one more slap before standing up to answer the door.
“Anywho, Cas it’s you.”
“Thank you, Dean.” He looked at him. Dean nodded with a slight smile.
“So smart people can’t be tough as well?” He smiles while saying this, he’s quite enjoying this.
“Okay, names? How serious were they? How old were you?” Charlie listed off, suddenly very interested.
Castiel was confused, he thought the drinking was the fun part. He tilted his head to the side in confusion.
“Oh geez, I’m so sorry. If you ever like, don’t want to be alone or something... I don’t know, just feel free to come on over.” He said as they arrived at their doors. She smiled at him.
Castiel couldn’t stop thinking about his family as he walked to his friend’s apartment. It was pretty shitty, but she had moved in there with her girlfriend Gilda at the beginning of the year.
The lot of them were all pretty homophobic, so Castiel was almost estranged from the majority of his family. He kept in contact with Anna obviously, and occasionally got a call from Gabriel. His cousin Balthazar had moved to Britain, but he got a text from time to time.
“Really well! My roommate is a little weird but we get along fine.”
“God you’re annoying, but yes. I like her. And I just wanted to know how I should ask her out.” Sam could tell he was blushing, and put his face in his hands again.
“Oh, yeah me too.”
“Oh, how’d you meet?”
Good luck on your test or whatever
“Yes, let’s get to studying. The portfolio is due in what? Three days?” He asked her as they started walking towards their favorite coffee shop.
Cas and Dean drink.
“It was nice to officially meet you,” Benny holds out his hand. Dean wipes his hand off on his t shirt before shaking.
But Dean and Jess had met, and besides Dean being vaguely annoying, it went really well. He approved of her, not that Sam needed his approval or anything, but it didn’t hurt. And Jess seemed to like Dean as well. Though she seemed to get along with everyone she met.
Dean probably wasn’t even aware of what he was saying. It was a mix of alcohol and exhaustion. He’d worked every day this week, and even a double yesterday. Cas’s stomach was filling with rage towards a certain shit father, but he pushed it down. Dean didn’t need that now.
Sam can’t help but smile that they’re on the same page without even talking about it. They’re so similar they even get tired at the same time.
“Oh Castiel, your boyfriend is here! Dean!” Hannah called from her seat, waving to someone behind Castiel.
“Charles?”
“Really? Seems like the obvious nickname for Castiel.”
“It’s Dean, right?” A low voice says from the other side of the car. Dean looks up from his hands to see his coworker. He’s a big guy with a bit of a beard. A low voice with a New Orleans accent, which never fails to surprise Dean when it falls from this guys lips.
It’s not a long walk to the coffee shop, it’s just a little stand in the main room of the building. He orders the three drinks and waits for a few minutes.
She opened up the door just was Dean was turning the lock to his. And there he was, it was indeed Dean Winchester.
They both brush their teeth and head into the living room. Dean goes first, he was barely awake. It seemed that once the lights went out they lost all their energy.
“Yeah I know. He’d be great. He probably already knows. My dad knew.” Dean mumbled. The warmth of Dean’s body moved to Cas’s. He didn’t mind though. He was almost always cold, he wasn’t now.
Sam smiled to himself and nodded.
“I am gay, I just haven’t told her.” Castiel desperately hoped that Dean wouldn’t be weirded out by having just pretended to be dating a gay man.
Castiel looked at Sam, like he didn’t want to tell Dean anything that Sam didn’t want him to. Sam appreciated that at least.
“The one who reported a noise complaint?”
He had a whole dvd shelf, like a mini bookshelf almost. He knew that a lot of things were streamed now, but he likes to keep things like dvds and tapes. Something he can hold onto. He trusts them more.
“What’s the stupidest thing you did in high school?”
Dean is providing the alcohol for the night, which is mostly just beer, but he made sure to grab some tequila as well.
“Huh? Sorry what?” He said after realizing he had been asked something.
“I should be on my way over there now. I’m already late, my classes went over.”
As he got out of his shower his phone rang, it was Sam.
“Your First boyfriend?” Dean hums in agreement.
But Castiel didn’t feel like he had to do anything besides be himself around Dean. Well sometimes he made him a bit nervous but not in a way that made Cas think he’d stop being friends with him. Especially after last night.
“Do you um, want to walk together?” He asked her. She smiled and nodded.
Sam had worked all through high school to get good enough grades to get into Stanford and could not wait to be away from his shit excuse for a father. Dean had been upset about it at first, the idea of living alone with his dad was not appealing to him. Sam couldn’t blame him. But as soon as John threatened to never let Sam back in, Dean decided it was time for him to move out as well.
“Fifth base? Really Charlie?” He asked exasperated. She just laughed at him.
“Alright, before you were out did you ever date a guy?” He asked her, it was a question he got pretty often himself as a gay man.
“Charlie!” Cas says as he choked on his sip of beer. He spills some down his shirt and attempts to wipe it off with a pizza store napkin.
“Okay I’m fairly certain I never said he was either of those things.” He had to look away.
“Dean. Not everyone goes to parties in college.” He deadpanned.
“Things between you seem better.” Dean notes once she’s out of the shop. Cas looks at him with a slight smile.
“I don’t actually own a car, I just walk everywhere.”
“Hey, you’re the new guy right? Room 3B?” The red head asked Dean. She had a sort of flustered look to her, and something about her made Dean want to give her a hug.
“I’m so sick of crying over her though.”
Speaking of last night, Castiel was still buzzing. Not from the alcohol, though that did give him a nice headache this morning. He was referring to the things Dean had told him. He had already suspected that John beat them, this was just a confirmation.
He arrived to her apartment and knocked on the door. She opened the door immediately and was pulled into a hug.
Castiel was glad to be out of his room. As much as he liked Sam, and Dean actually, he didn’t want to be caught between their weird sibling thing. He never had many fights with his siblings. Well, they had fights, Castiel tried to stay out of them. It didn’t work all the time.
“Really? With Jessica? That was fast.” Castiel says. Charlie looks a little confused and Dean notices.
“Wait wait wait, Cas you’ve smoked?” Dean laughed for a minute straight. Charlie and Cas just looked at each other amused.
Castiel had just finished putting his books and school supplies on his desk. He had a specific way of organizing his things, not proper by any means, but he knew where everything was. He and Sam had been casually talking about the university for the past hour. Sam seemed nice enough, a little shy. He was more comfortable when his brother was there, which makes sense. He was a freshman after all.
With a sigh he stands and starts cleaning up. Throwing away garbage and recycling old beer bottles and cans. He just closes the door to his room, he doesn’t have the time or energy to clean any of that.
“Oof, three coffees? I thought you said you were having a good day?” Meg teases him. Sam rolls his eyes, he wasn’t exactly enjoying her company.
“You’ve been spending time with me for eighteen years, you need to make new friends.” Dean was always trying to get Sam to make friends, he was such a mom that way. Well, Sam thought that’s how a mom would act, based off tv shows.
“Are we ever going to do something that doesn’t revolve around a tv?” He jokes and Dean scoffs.
It’s Sam’s first day of college, and Dean has been working his ass off to help his brother move into his dorm room. It was just Dean and Sam because of course John refused to help, but only after making it abundantly clear that he disapproved Sam going to college out of state.
Dean fell asleep. Cas could tell by the slowing of his breathing, and the way his hand slowly loosened his grip on his arm. It stayed there though, his fingertips still against his forearm.
He’s shaking his head at that weird interaction as he walks back to his friends. College students are weird.
“Don’t tell him what?” Cas is pretty sure he already knows.
“Uh not in person. We emailed a bit when we were first assigned. His name’s Castiel.” Sam told his brother.
He decided to walk around campus, it was dark out so he made sure his phone was fully charged. Not that he couldn’t take anyone who tried anything, but still. Not that anyone would even try though. He’s 6’4 for Christ’s sake, someone would have a fun time trying him.
“Truth or dare and now Never have I ever? What are we? High schoolers?” Charlie gives him a huge smile and he gives in. No one can say no to her when she looks happy enough.
“Uhm,”
“How long have you guys been together?” Hannah asks him. Cas forgot for just a moment that they were supposed to be dating.
“Right now I’m thinking the way that Christianity and Islam have spread across Africa in their own respective ways. I’d like to explore their respective  methods of religious conversion.” Hannah nodded along and they talked for a few more minutes on the topic of her essay.
So Sam was hopeful for his new beginning, and Dean was too.
“My roommate is pretty cool. He’s quiet, and mostly hangs out with his other friends.” Jessica nods.
The different places his family had stayed growing up were all dark. They stayed in hotels, motels, army assigned houses, apartments, and even a trailer for a year. They were all empty and dark. The only piece of light was Dean, when he on occasion let Sam do something fun while Dad was gone.
“Truth.”
“How’s the shop job going?” He asked, hoping to change the topic.
“I’d include more about the how that point connects to your thesis, but that could be done in a sentence or two. Besides that it’s wonderfully worded.” He says before handing it back. They often would read through each other’s work before turning anything in.
“Drink this entire thing of water. Then fill it up and drink it again.” Castiel scooted a full glass towards him. He hadn’t had any since Cas has served them. Dean rolled his eyes.
“What? Is this about a girl or something? You were always so awkward about women, it’s kind of hilarious.” Dean remarks, still clicking away at a pen. Sam could see Castiel look up at Deans subtly, Dean didn’t even notice.
“Dare,” she seems to feel better after eating something.
“Just thought it was time we talk, you’ve worked here for a while.” His voice drawls with the accent, though Dean can’t help but be a little drawn to it. It’s interesting and new to him.
“That’s good progress there Charles.” He pats her on the shoulder. She rolls her eyes and punches him in the arm.
“I’m offended you think I would do anything creepy, I respect women dude!” Dean defended himself. Sam scoffs and says his goodbyes.
“This is nice work here,” Benny notes as he looks over Dean’s reports for the week. It’s a little intrusive sure, but Dean does just leave them lying around on his work stand.
“Heh, yeah me neither. I wanted to be a fire fighter, typical eight year dream though I guess.” She laughs a little, Meg just looks between the two of them.
“Alrighty, umm what’s your body count?” Charlie asks him. Cas can’t help but shift awkwardly.
He can barely feel Dean’s heartbeat through his hand. He notes how calloused Dean’s hands are, but he can also still feel old car grease along his fingers. They feel like they’ve been scrubbed with no avail.
Don’t worry about it
“Pfft, yeah right.”
But here was this amazing person who he was friends with and he cared so much about her already and he barely knew her. It was scaring him how she made his walls go down, he wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or not.
he wants.
" Cas' voice breaks up Dean's reverie, pulling him gently into the moment. Here, on the gray couch he didn't even want until Lisa bought it, in the apartment they'd shared until fairly recently. Cas sighs, waiting for Dean to come back to him. He shakes his head to clear his mind before he speaks. Cas smiles, a comforting sight in all the new-ness of their current situation.
You don’t get to see Dean cry, Castiel. You don’t hear the way the voice in his head murmurs,
“Tree looks good, guys,” Sam remarks, looking at the hunk of wood covered in lights and various ornaments. There’s a couch, two recliners, and a few other pieces of furniture in the room along with the TV and entertainment center. Eileen says something that Dean doesn’t catch. Cas fills him in, speaking softly into the shell of his left ear.
This is
But it’s better than spending eternity in the Empty. Eternity without him.
“Wait, we’re not--you can’t even-” Dea stops himself. He’s afraid that if he continues, everything will slip out. Everything, all the times he thought of someone that isn’t a woman in a way that mostly definitely aligns with the opposite end of the spectrum of his sexuality.
Dean thought.
“Took ya long enough, son. I’m proud of you.”
. Always for him.
“Cas, buddy,” Dean says, shaking Cas’ shoulders after untangling himself from their web of limbs, “At least get in bed this time.”
Dean's brain short circuits. He hastily types out a text back, imploring his friend to come by his apartment when the sun was actually up, when Dean might be sober enough to use his brain.
Charlie comes to hug Dean first, then Cas, grinning widely all the time. Dean guesses she’s as excited about the whole thing as he is, her joy present in her bright smile.
Dean goes full tomato red, very much not the soft pink of before, at that. He hangs his head for a moment to conceal it before he speaks, "I was hoping no one would see it and I'd delete the post. Until
) to make you forget. You did not forget. You kept loving Dean Winchester. You fell for him, in more ways than one. You rebelled. You were human for him.
Dean tries not to tear up at Bobby’s words, he really does. It fails almost miserably. A few tears slip down his cheeks. Bobby doesn’t see, but Cas does when he gently wipes them away with a swipe of his thumb.  Jack manages to get his dads in a crushing hug, congratulating them and grinning almost as widely as Charlie. Claire hugs Dean and Cas one after the other, beaming and congratulating the couple. Dean tries not to cry then, too. He sees Cas blinking back tears of his own and sniffles. Dean gives the hand he holds a reassuring squeeze.
Dean sighs.
He doesn’t know how.
That one date turned into many and, soon enough, Lisa was moving into Dean's apartment. All the while, despite Dean's street smarts and repressed emotions, it had never occurred to him that Cas might have
The night ends with the others piling into their cars for the drive back home, or else to a spare bedroom for the night. Dean stays with Cas after everyone else has left the living room. They’re seated on the couch again. Dean has an arm around the other, keeping him close. He wonders when he fell for Cas, when the moment he thought I love you for the first time was. It doesn’t really matter, now that they’re honest with each other and themselves about their feelings. Dean remembers when he bottled up his feelings, trying desperately to be someone he’s not. He remembers how awful it was when the Empty took Cas, how incomplete and like a puzzle with missing pieces he felt. Castiel is back, he’s back for good, he’s not leaving. He might need a little push sometimes, a plea to stay. Dean might need a reminder of the truth sometimes, too, but he’s finally sure of what he wants.
“It was mostly Dean,” Cas replies, gazing lovingly at his lover and signing to Eileen as he speaks. Dean grins at him and pretends to ignore his brother’s fake gagging noises from his seat on the recliner nearest the tree. Eileen takes the other, a fond smile on her face.
It’s weird for Dean, having been the one to pull Castiel from the Empty, as he’d been dragged out of Hell itself. Cas is still adjusting to being human in the six months since Dean rescued him, still working out how the human body works. Like he didn’t rebuild Dean Winchester from atoms up. Like he hasn’t lived with Sam and Dean long enough.
Before Cas can say anything else, Miracle comes in, the telltale pitter-patter of his paws on the hardwood floor alerting his owners. He jumps up into Dean and Cas’ laps. Cas scratches behind Miracle’s left ear the way he likes, earning an appreciative rumble back. Dean mutters something under his breath to the dog that Cas doesn’t quite catch. He’s sure Dean hadn’t meant to get so attached to Miracle, yet he diligently plays fetch with him and cuddles the dog instead of him when Cas is gone, as rare an event as that is. It’s cute, much like Dean himself. Not that Cas would ever admit that. Some sentiments ought to stay buried when they are grossly endearing.
“Hey, you two!” Dean calls, moving to help his brother and Eileen, mostly ingredients for Christmas dinner tomorrow. He quickly signs what he spoke to Eileen, taking a few of the bags from her. Cas helps, too. He’s confident the other three could handle it, though, if he weren’t here. A bunch of their hunter friends are coming over for the holiday—Bobby and Ellen, Jo, Jody and Donna and their girls, Claire and Kaia, Charlie. Jack tweaked some things for his dads, bringing back some of the hunters loved and lost. Dean couldn’t thank him enough in his many prayers since.  Dean’s excited for the holiday celebrations. It’s been so long since the Winchester brothers’ last family-oriented Christmas. Dean’s not sure he and Sam ever had one after their mom died. Having people he considers family over never fails to make him feel warm and fuzzy inside, though he doesn’t admit it. He’s gotten better at expressing what he feels out loud instead of bottling it up. Being with Cas helps, especially when he can kiss him anytime he wants and whisper soft things in his ear before bed. Dean tells Cas he loves him every chance he gets, something a younger version of himself would never dream of doing. They’ve come a long way from who they were over a decade ago, a devout angel and a faithless, broken man. Now, though, Dean finds it ridiculously easy to reach over and hold Cas’s hand, or hug him a little tighter than ever before, or kiss him soft and slow. Sam, Dean, and Cas make quick work of putting the groceries away before retiring to the living room. The TV isn’t on. Dean’s not sure where the remote is. Maybe it got stuck between the couch cushions again.
Dean's green eyes gazed in abject horror at the screen. Of all Dean's 30-something followers, the first and only reply came from Castiel fuckin' Novak. His
Dean thinks as he sends a text to Cas, not expecting a response.
At least there was nothing left of you to clutch, to hold to him as he would have liked to hold you.
Did you want to have him in your arms one last time, grip him tight?
. If you hadn’t died, if things were different, Dean would have spun you around in his arms, kissed you, and told you everything you have wanted to hear since you fell for him. He didn’t. He couldn’t. Because you left to save him, save your family. You made a deal with the Empty and it came to collect its dues. And you left, swallowed whole by that burbling ink, black and cold and unforgiving. It is not in the nature of the Empty to not uphold its end of a deal, especially one with an angel of the lord. That is what you are, still, after all you have done and all that has been done to you.
“I’m not ready to admit I-I might not be straight.”
"Mmm, very much so."
"I'd really like to
It’s worse because he doesn’t love
got involved. It was dumb. Shit, I'm sorry, man. But do you really want to do this? With
Dean forgets it ever happened. Cas doesn’t. His memory is impeccable for a being so old. He remembers the way Dean’s freckles looked in the shitty motel room lights. He remembers the way Dean’s eyes filled with unshed tears when he gently forced Cas away after their impromptu kissing session. He even remembers the way he could feel Dean’s heart rate increase when he leaned forward to kiss him. Dean forgets, but Castiel remembers. It’s almost always this way, Dean forgetting the way Cas looks at him when he thinks Dean can’t see; the fleeting touches he hopes Dean will forget just enough that he actually does. Most of all, Castiel hopes the one thing Dean
“Why didn’t you wake me?”
What he doesn’t know is that Dean never forgot. That one time he kissed Cas and never brought it up again stays with him. It remains an embarrassing memory when Dean gets his head out of his ass and admits to being in love with his angel, just in time to lose him again.
Tough luck, the universe might have said to him if it could speak. Castiel responded within ten minutes, a series of achingly tender words and a list of reasons why he'd make the perfect boyfriend. Among them, Cas wrote a simple declaration of love.
It’s not ideal.
? Surely being friends for fifteen years is enough, right? Do you want to risk fucking up our friendship?"
Dean frowned at his phone screen, at the open space where you'd normally type a post. Staring at the blank whiteness, Dean got an idea; a good idea it was most certainly not, but an idea Tweet read:
“You don’t need luck when I’ve loved you for so long.”
When everyone’s arrived seated in various spots in the house’s dining room, Dean enlists Sam’s help in bringing the various foodstuffs to the table. Dinner goes well. Dean enjoys being surrounded by his found family like this, sitting together to eat and laugh and tell stories of what’s gone on since they saw each other last. Jack showed up; he warned Castiel that he might not, what with being the new God and all. He’s sitting in between Dean and Sam, shoving a forkful of macaroni and cheese into his mouth when Dean looks over. He’s happy to have him here; clearly, Cas is, too. Jack looks up. He swallows the food to give Dean a characteristic small smile. Neither of them says anything, content in a silence that isn’t awkward. Charlie’s next to Cas, chatting animatedly to him. Dean grins like a fool, chomping down on a buttered roll. The happiness he’s felt recently is foreign to him in a good way. Dean has Cas, and Miracle, and Sam, and Eileen, and their other family are always a phone call away.
Dean thinks, remembering what day it is,
Sam tried too many times to bother counting to get Dean out of the bunker. They’ve failed miserably each time. Every time, Dean would leave for an hour before slinking back to his bedroom, messier than it’s ever been. Sam knows Dean’s grieving their angel best friend. He knows there was something more between them, or that there could have been more of only you two had gotten your heads out of you asses long enough to be fully honest with each other, with yourselves. He’s not sure he’ll ever know how Cas left them for good, what with Dean remaining firmly silent when anything regarding that night save for a few words on your departure. Dean doesn’t want to remember the night he spent on the cold concrete of the interrogation room floor, sobbing. The very idea of a Dean Winchester completely lost to the world, heartbroken and effectively widowed, is one Sam never thought to entertain. Dean hates it, truly, he hates the way you held onto him in Hell first and let go to love and leave.
Dean's room-well, the nightstand and dresser-stood bathed in moonlight and littered in bottles, mostly empty of the various flavors of alcohol they once held. The clock on the nightstand reads 1:30 in neon green light. Dean, meanwhile, lay on his bed, face lit by the phone screen in his hand. The room, what he can see of it in the dark, spins where he looks with his gaze changed by the whiskey. It's been a rough two months since Lisa dumped him, and a rougher two weeks since she finally moved all of her stuff out of Dean's apartment. Sam said it might take him awhile, but he's sure his big brother will be okay soon.
Dean regrets the large Christmas tree Cas bullied him into getting. Kind of. The tree is large and over-the-top, probably a bit too much for their first Christmas as a couple. It’s worth it, though, seeing his bright smile, how happy it makes the man he loves. They take another half hour to finish. Sam and Eileen come home just when they finish, hands full of grocery bags.
He wanted you to kiss him. He
You pulled him to you, close enough to feel the stubble graze your cheek in the warm embrace. He looks at you, tears in his eyes. You look back, eyes scanning his face through mutual heartbreak
Everything happened too fast for you to erase the space between yourself and Dean. You left him too fast for your lips to find his and finally, finally kiss him breathless. For years, you’ve wanted nothing more than to kiss him and grin when you part, wrapped in a singular moment of happiness.
“Thanks, Charlie,” Dean replies gruffly, voice thick with emotion. Starting with Sam and Eileen, the others congratulate Dean and Cas in turn. It takes a minute before Bobby, Ellen in tow, to step towards them and clap Dean on the back. It’s everything he would never have expected from his own father.
“Sam might.” An image of Sam seated not unlike himself, explaining human social convention to Castiel, flashes in Dean’s mind. The idea is hilarious, really. Sam would.. He’d go on some nerdy spiel about the evolution of human society and junk. Dean, though, settles on a simple, to the point explanation.
“Will you marry me?” Cas nods immediately, breathing out a yes. Dean slides the ring on his finger, a simple silver band inlaid with a trio of stones. Engraved in the metal is a phrase they’re both familiar with:
, Dean thought.
. Dean vaguely registers the whoops and phrases of congratulations when he leans down slightly to kiss Castiel, grip firm on his waist.
“You helped,” Dean deflects, never one for attention. Cas shakes his head, leaning on Dean so his head rests in Dean’s lap. He, too, ignores Sam when he grumbles. Eileen laughs when he signs something to her. Dean puts on a movie, with subtitles of course. He picks some cheesy, Hallmark channel flick. Cas lets him run his fingers through his dark hair, humming softly at the gentleness of Dean’s touch.
is what you left behind, Castiel. The soul you pulled from Hell. The man you rebuilt from mere atoms. The soul you touched and knew immediately its glowing righteousness. The jacket and shoulder that bear your handprint, both faded with time. The shoulder bears a scar, now; the jacket is stained the color of oxidized blood. You’re not sure if Dean ever washed it or if the stain refused to budge long before you ever loved each other. It’s a strange thing, love. It destroys and corrupts. It heals and makes holy, washed in waters many have never dared touch.
Then again, since when does anyone get what they deserve?
--words.
of it all filled a hole in Dean's heart he didn't know existed. Kissing Cas felt like taking a deep breath of cool spring air, like the first bite of a warm slice of apple pie a la mode.
After eating, the large group migrates to the living room, where they mainly mingle and chat amongst each other. Dean’s confused for a moment; when did they invite so many people? He sits next to Castiel, gripping his hand to fight the mounting anxiety. He’s not sure if he can do this. If he can stand in front of just about everyone he knows and ask Cas to marry him. Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, sensing his anxiety. Even without his grace, Cas knows Dean better than Dean knows himself. He gives a small smile. Dean lets go to stand up from the couch. He leads Cas to the middle of the room and takes a few deep breaths. Cas tilts his head, adorably confused. With every pair of eyes on him, Dean clears his throat before speaking. He's never been this nervous. It’s scary as hell.
At least he did not have to bury you.
“Um,” Dean mumbles awkwardly when they part, “Can we not, uh, mention that? Like, ever?”
not that jerk he hooked up with once or twice in a shitty, hole-in-the-wall gay bar two hours outside Bumfuck Nowhere, Kansas.
“Love you, too.” Dean presses his lips to Cas’ forehead, a quick peck. He pulls him closer, shifting to make the spooning arrangement more comfortable for them both. Cas falls asleep quickly, Dean’s breath becoming more even in time with his.
“Can’t even what?”
Losing Cas is the worst thing that’s ever happened to him. Worse than Mary leaving her sons twice, worse than John dying. Hell, it’s worse than all the times Dean’s lost Sam.
forget is the way Cas’ lips felt on his own that quiet afternoon in a motel that smelled like bleach and carpet cleaner. In that shitty motel room, Castiel kisses someone and gets kissed by someone for the first time. It holds a special place in his heart. It’s one the places he would return to if given the chance, just to relive the euphoria of kissing Dean. Even though they swore to never bring it up again, kissing Dean that day returns to Cas’ memory when he becomes human and he sleeps for the first time. Castiel wishes he hadn’t dreamt of that, because it’s the first thing he thinks of when he sees Dean again. It hurts him to push away the memory when he’s sure Dean’s forgotten about it.
“Retire?”
You want to keep staring, to memorize every freckle on his cheeks, the mesmerizing green of his eyes, every little detail of the human you grew to love. Maybe you wanted to kiss him. Maybe you wanted him to kiss
That was twelve years ago, wasn’t it? You’ve changed, both of you. You serve him, now, it seems. You chose to serve that silly little human Naomi tried (and
Dean, though. He’s not sure what he wants. He hasn’t talked about it with Cas at all, merely turned various ideas over and over in his mind. He’s hoping the rest of the day will go well. There’s a question that’s been sitting in the back of his mind for months. Dean wants to marry Cas, he’s sure of that much, at least. Whatever happens after... Well, he and Cas will figure something out. Together. A house with a white picket fence and a large kitchen and backyard for Miracle sounds nice.
“Yeah. Hang up the towel, leave the hunting to the younger generation. I’d like to spend some time with my husband, my dog, our… Kids. Claire and Jack, you know. They’re older now, and Jack’s friggin’ God, but it wouldn’t hurt to see them more often.”
“I can’t wait to marry you,” Cas remarks, inspecting the ring on his finger with pride, watching the stones and metal glint in the lamplight. Dean watches it, too. He gives Cas a look, the one that would convince even the most stubborn that he’s completely, utterly in love. Cas stares back, a fond smile playing on his lips.
"I thought you'd never ask." Cas twirls one of Dean's hoodie strings around a pointer finger lazily, flopping down on the couch, imploring his companion to join him.
When the afternoon hours come to pass, they haven't moved from the couch. Dean briefly considers waking Cas up, but he fell asleep two hours ago and it would be rude. Dean sighs, pulling himself up to a standing position as quietly as possible, crossing the apartment to go feed the dog, Miracle. He smiles to himself while filling her water bowl. Cas barely stirs, looking not at all uncomfortable in his weird napping position. He looks perfect, half-sitting, half-laying on the couch with his dark hair splayed on the cushion behind his head not unlike a halo.
. Dean wonders what else he could’ve been waiting for.
Maybe he just wants Dean to show him how to live, truly live, not just make do with pining away after a man he shouldn’t have even fallen for in the first place. Dean’s lucky Cas fell for him, though, what with all the times he could have left. All the times he could have said goodbye and meant it, really meant it. All the times he died or straight up left over the years, he’s always come back, some way or another. Even when the Empty took him, Dean did everything in his limited power to bring him back. It turned out that coming back to Dean cost Cas his grace. He didn’t complain at the loss, only welcomed the warm embrace Dean pulled him into when they came out of the Empty and let Dean kiss him breathless with a whispered admission of love. Cas snores loudly, interrupting Dean's rambling thoughts. He stirs, blue eyes opening slowly.
He had thought kissing fake Castiel was good, but this... he had no words to describe how far beyond good this was.  The taste, the scent, of the real angel enveloped him.  It was the difference of being told what a strawberry is like, and eating one for yourself.  The slight up-tilt of Castiel’s lips, evidence of disbelieving, overwhelming joy, brought an answering smile to Dean’s face. He lingered as long as he possibly could, deepening the kiss, ignoring the fading colours of the dreamworld – until, once again, the only colour remaining in the room was the blue of the angel’s eyes. The look of love Castiel gave him, as Dean ended the kiss, was enough to break his heart in two.  It seduced him, as a siren’s song draws sailors to their death in an unforgiving sea. He could easily die happy in this moment...  But, somehow, he found the strength to step away.
angel’s stare! – and quickly glanced away, uncertain of where it might be safe to look.  His eyes skittered around the room, taking note of the decadent furnishings, the telling litter of discarded clothing, the rumpled bed... before settling on the toes of his dusty boots.
you want?”
“Get off him,” Castiel snarled, obviously in the mood to smite his smirking rival.
“I... I’m sorry,” Castiel said.
Suddenly, from within the Roadhouse, Elvis Presley’s 'A Little Less Conversation' began to blare at a deafening volume, the very walls throbbing in unison with the bass notes.
It was the opening Sam had been hoping for:  the first seeds of doubt had been sown.
“Hello, Dean,” came the longed-for reply.  The arms tightened around him – solid, real – and Dean buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck, uncontrollable sobs shaking his entire body.
After a few hours of unsuccessful searching, Dean found what appeared to be the perfect spot: an abandoned, boarded up motel; well off the beaten path, and suitably creepy looking in the fading light of day.
“Of course you do,” Sam interrupted.  “That’s the whole  point.”
Quietly, he took stock of the situation.  He was alone, lying on a smooth floor.  At least he thought it was a floor, he really wasn’t sure.  It was flat and not terribly comfortable, and it was too dark to see if it actually existed, or if it was his imagination translating the unknown into something his mind could understand. The darkness pissed him off more than it worried him.  He literally couldn’t see a thing, not even the hand he waved in front of his face.
He was running out of options.  If the location spell had worked correctly, only two buildings remained for him to search:  a warehouse, and an abandoned motel.  The warehouse was closer, but something in his gut – call it hunter’s instinct – told him it would prove to be another waste of time.  That same instinct told him that Dean, if he was still alive, didn’t have much longer to live.  Time was a luxury neither Winchester could afford.
“What is it about this particular angel that makes him such a gigantic pain in my ass?” a voice asked querulously.
Dean rolled over and let his eyes caress the angel’s serene face, his gaze settling finally on eyes that sparkled in the morning light, reflecting the blue of the ocean, as clear and open as the cloudless sky.
The barkeeper nodded when Sam showed him a photo of Dean.  “Yeah, he was here.  Left with another guy a couple hours before closing time.  They seemed real friendly-like, if you know what I mean.”  He shrugged.  “Not that I’m judging.  It happens a lot.  You get all kinds here.”
“Fuck!” Dean screamed.  And smashed the bottle against the record player, over and over again, until both were as broken as his heart.
“Dean...”
“Bates Motel,” he murmured.
When he tired of AC/DC, Bon Jovi took the stage, followed by Metallica, Kansas and Van Halen.  At this point, Dean should have been croaking rather than belting out a tune, but his voice was still going strong.  The acoustics were great, and he was having too much fun to even consider stopping.
“It sure could.” Dean chuckled and took Castiel’s hand, leading him over to the oversized bath.  Green eyes locked on blue, they cast their final garments aside.
The inadvertent, quickly muffled gasp that escaped his lips was enough to alert the djinn to its danger.  Instantly, it whirled away from whatever it was hunched over and turned towards the window, a fierce snarl on its face.  As Sam shouldered the plywood aside and leaned into the room, the djinn sprinted for a second window and ripped those boards aside.  It was fast, there was no doubt of that.  But Sam was faster.  His gun barked once, twice, and the djinn fell to the floor.  Sam clambered through the window and nudged the fallen body with a cautious toe.
“Goodbye, Dean.” he said.
They parked the stolen car behind the motel, and covered it with brush to further conceal it.  They circled the building then, looking for a way in, but whoever had boarded up the place had known what they were doing.  With no loose boards to pry and no locks to pick, there was no way Dean could get himself inside.  Which meant a further delay to clear off the car they had spent the last half hour hiding, and driving to the nearest hardware store.
“Dean,” I breathed out on a sigh.
“You have an address?”
“Winchester!”  Gene hissed.  Clearly the hunter’s reputation had preceded him.  The djinn cringed and struggled to set himself free.  But, somehow, the grip on his arm prevented him from doing so.  This should not be.  He was stronger than any human.  Why, then, did he feel so weak?
“I couldn’t sleep when you were around.” He used to beat himself for it, too. A sleep-deprived hunter is a sloppy hunter, everyone knows that. “Not because I was afraid, or, or anything like that. It was more like... I didn’t want to miss you, I guess. You rarely stayed for longer than a couple of minutes at once.”
Angels think in eternities and they never quite forget anything.
“Asleep in his room,” Cas says, ever so patient. His free hand - the one not holding Dean close – moves to Dean’s shoulder, traces the faded fingerprints in gentle strokes. “He’s all right.”
“Stupid question, sorry, my bad. Anyway, it was gross. I could never get any shut-eye like this. Dean, though? He didn’t care. Give him a blanket that obviously hasn't been washed in ages and he’d say thank you… and before you blinked, he’d already be rounding up the sheep in his head. No need to count ‘em, they never ran away from him.”
No ghosts appear, though. Dean takes two more wildlife photos by the time morning comes: one of a bird he isn’t able to identify and another of a bug that might or might not be some kind of a beetle. Cas seems to like both, that nerd.
For now at least – nothing gold can stay, after all, and no safety is forever – but… yeah, he’s not picky. He’ll take whatever he can have.
And that sucks quite an astounding amount.
“Either way, they were wrong. Aside from occasional swearing when it’s not necessary, there’s nothing amiss with your manners.”
smell like something baked, even if he’s unable to tell if it’s actually pizza or not. And Claire looks kind of self-satisfied if the sparkle in her eyes is anything to go by.
“Let’s eat,” Cas says once the pizza is placed on the small coffee table between the couch and two matching armchairs. He takes a seat next to Dean, nudging at him until Dean straightens up and untangles himself from the post-slumber sprawl. “I’ve already cut it.”
They chew in silence for a moment. The taste is – from the lack of other words –  interesting. Dean’s not sure
(That’s a habit he’s learned from
“I restored it, of course. When I put Dean’s body back together.”
Good. That’s good. Not enough to wash the last dregs of panic away, but… it’ll have to do for now. Dean doesn’t remember whom he killed in his dream, and the uncertainty makes his skin crawl.
“Because apparently, your brother taught him how to make tomato passata and, to quote, “he’s been meaning to try the recipe for himself ever since”. What a loser.”
ready and Cas did well with the pizza. He’s not even half as bad as you always say.”
amongst other, more ambiguous, toppings. Whoever thought it was a good idea—
“This is not the fault of the couch. He should be more careful.”
Donna, with whom Dean is working a case of a roadside ghost in the aforementioned dot on the map in North Dakota, has fallen asleep about half an hour earlier. As it turns out, she’s quite a talkative sleepover buddy; every once in a while she mumbles a few words – all undecipherable – or even a blurry phrase or two.
Claire laughs at that. As seen from this angle, her face is much more round than Dean remembers; he notices she’s cleaned off her makeup sometime when he was asleep. Perhaps that’s the reason behind this surprising softness.
According to all known laws of photography - not that Dean knows any of them, of course, he’s just vaguely aware that cameras require good lighting to work well - the picture he snaps should’ve come out blurry and dark, but thanks to some super-advanced AI in his smartphone it’s grainy like an open silo but otherwise not too bad. He captions it -
That’s a ridiculous metaphor, but Dean can’t find enough energy in himself to say it out loud. After a momentary consideration, he decides it’s not worth the effort anyway. At this point, not much can be done to cure Sam out of the conviction he’s eloquent just because back in the day he read his way through the entire high school reading curriculum.
Dean didn’t even ask what her favorite song was.
just a bunch of bored kids
From: Cas
Claire grins. “For real, though. What’s wrong with you? It was like a fourth of July in red and orange out there.”
It’s obvious Sam tries not to disturb Dean - of course he does - but one of the wonders of backseats is that it’s a perfect spot for eavesdropping. People tend to forget about you when you’re not riding shotgun - out of eyes, out of the heart.
“No. Magic of bonfires, man - they tire the hell outta you no matter what kinda junk you eat or how excited the flames make you.”
“Like from the scratch, exactly. Flawless deduction skills, Mr. Watson.” Claire snorts.
“Still on the hunt. He checked in about half an hour ago, though. They’re both safe, Eileen and him.”
In the physical sense, at the very least. Donna has just begun to snore a little and as far as Dean is concerned, she might as well be throwing a mental tea party for the president right now. Dean himself has dreamt about that once; needless to say, he wasn’t too fond of this memory.
Sam does too. It’s a brothers’ thing.
“I can and,” a kiss lands atop one of Dean’s eyelids, “I am. Everybody’s fine.”
“Kaia would, and she didn’t. They’re okay, Dean.”
The boys’ home.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, voice tiny, apologetic.
“Claire?”
“Do I need to remind you who’s paying for this
“Yeah, I’m not sure about that. With great power comes great responsibility, and you let Cas prepare oven food without supervision. Aren’t there enough fires in this neighborhood? I don’t think you’re ready just yet, young padawan.”
Cas’ brows furrow in concern. He’s not aware of that, but he lowers his hand a little, bringing it millimeters closer to where he carries the angel blade tucked into the belt of his trousers. “Who—”
“—shh, it’s okay. It was just a dream. None of it was real.”
Suddenly Dean’s chest feels a little bit too tight.
Unlike Sammy, he has never been a picky sleeper. He’s never needed beds nor mattresses - however nice of a touch they were - and, for the most part, he’s always seen little to no difference between Baby’s backseat and pull-out couches in seedy motel rooms (save for the fact that the backseat of his car definitely smelled better). Music ranging overhead, horror movies still on, couples next door threatening each other with severe bodily harm: lullabies. Flashing lights, window tinted blue with the afterglow of police cars hurrying to the place Dean has come back from mere minutes earlier? Nothing more than these tiny carousels people hung over their toddler’s cribs for sensory enrichment.
So Dean decided to call it a day and just went to sleep. They had a long day ahead of them: three victims of near-death experience to question, insurance company suits to sweat in, all that jazz. Some stakeout was due, too, which sounded (and still does) right about exhausting.
- and sends the message to Cas.
Thankfully, Cas comes to the rescue, carrying a plate with what looks like the most miserable pizza ever made on planet Earth. Dean has to do a double-take, but no, his eyes aren’t playing tricks on him - there’s actual
Now, this is news worth opening his eyes to. Because the girl is still leaning over him, Dean doesn’t bolt upright, but he raises one hand to rub at his face.
Donna wakes up a few minutes after 4 AM. She yawns something wicked on her way above the surface, eyes crinkling against the rising sun.
As their gazes met and held, precious seconds passed — seconds they didn’t have to spare if they were to make it through the rift before it closed. Yet Dean found it impossible to look away. It was Castiel who turned to leave, freed by the nod of acknowledgement Dean gave him, and expecting nothing more to come of their ‘chick flick’ moment.
“Oh, then you’re in for a treat.  Have you ever heard of
Sam found the Impala three days later, parked outside a shabby building that passed for a bar.
“Neither was Purgatory, but I survived them both.”
“The sign says Sunnydale,” Gene said, tilting his head to one side.
“Two whiskeys, then.  Neat.”  Without waiting for an invitation, the djinn settled himself on the barstool next to Dean’s and held out a slender hand.  “Gene,” he offered.
That’s what he told anyone who asked.  Sometimes, he almost believed it himself.  So why, then, did Sam keep giving him those sad-eyed looks?  Why did he try time and time again to get a conversation going?  If he heard “How are you, Dean?  Really?” one more time...
When they finally surfaced from a heated kiss, Sam was gone.
“I am not your friend.  I am a superior being.  This is my domain.”
There was only one sure way to remove all traces of doubt, and Dean did not hesitate to take it.  Leaning forward, he pressed his lips to the angel’s and poured everything he was feeling into the kiss:   all the hope, all the passion, all the love.  Castiel’s lips parted on a sigh, whether of surprise or contentment Dean couldn’t say, nor did he care. Taking advantage of the opportunity, he deepened the kiss and, moments later, felt the angel respond:  shy licks and gentle nibbles increasing in fervour as his confidence grew; until a fire suddenly ignited in his veins, and he took command of the situation, pressing Dean back down to the sand and thoroughly ravaging his lips.
Blue eyes lifted to meet green. Castiel’s mouth opened, but no sound came out. It was Dean who finally found the words he needed to say.
“Cas!” he cried, scrambling to his feet, tears springing to his eyes as he took in the smiling face of his lost angel.  “Cas,” he repeated, and tumbled into a pair of waiting arms.
“Where’s Sam?” he asked eventually.
“You know what you have to do, Dean,”  Sam whispered.
“Not for sure, I don’t.  But the fact that we’re having this conversation says I’m right.”
“Cape Cod, at a guess.  Someone seems to have a thing for the beaches there.”
As curious as he was to find out what Castiel was like in bed, the thought having crossed his mind on more than one occasion in the past, Dean was hesitant to actually indulge in the experience.  The first day back ‘home’, he used heat exhaustion as an excuse to keep a safe distance.  They shared a bed that night, but Dean kept well over on his own side, and Castiel did the same, respecting the lie that Dean did not feel well.  The next day, Monday, Castiel hastened off to teach his classes, with only an absentminded brush of his lips against Dean’s forehead in farewell.  Dean called in sick to work and spent the day exploring the house they shared.  He leafed through papers and opened cupboards, taking inventory of their contents.  He picked up framed photos one by one, and stared at the strangers pictured there: strangers who wore his and Castiel’s faces.  A Christmas snap of them wearing silly Santa hats.  Trips to places he’d never been.  A wedding photo of the two of them gazing deeply into each other’s eyes.  That at least was familiar.  They’d done that a thousand times, though the open affection on both of their faces was something new.
“There’s not that much to say.  I love you.  I fucked up. That’s all there is to the story.  The end.”
It was a relief not to find his brother strung up here.  On the other hand, it meant finding him would be a challenge.   Sam had found Dean’s wallet and cell phone locked in the Impala’s glove compartment.  Whether Dean had cunningly left it all behind to throw Sam off his trail, or had done so under the influence of a djinn’s poison was a moot point.
love that was the problem, Cas.”
“Dean,” he said. “We have less than a minute. Whatever you have to say can wait until we’ve crossed over.”
His eyes became so blurred with tears, that the fact he and the angel were now bathed in a gentle spotlight escaped his notice for some while.  It wasn’t until someone cleared their throat behind him, that Dean snapped back to awareness and realized two things at once:  he could see, and he and Castiel were no longer alone.
“The same,” Dean said.
“Dean...”
The sun was just coming up as the Impala rumbled slowly up one road and down another.  Twice, Sam had parked outside decrepit buildings and cautiously ventured inside.  Aside from rats and litter, he found nothing:   no trace of footsteps other than his own, no indication that boarded over windows and doors had been breached until his crowbar granted him ingress.
"Winchester.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replied.  “Where are we?”
“He won’t,” Castiel growled.
“I held your hand for three years in The Empty, Cas.  Does that sound like something I’d do if I didn’t reciprocate your feelings?”
“Killing time. Waiting for Sam.”
“How the hell – no, I don’t want to know.  Stay put.  I’m coming to get you.”
“Bobby knew you were there,” Dean said slowly.  “Both of you were sitting there waiting for me.  Only you panicked and went invisible on us when I arrived.  That’s why Bobby casually slipped your name into the conversation.  He was hoping you’d man up and reappear.  So why didn’t you?”
Well, Dean hated to admit it, but Gabriel was one hell of a DJ – never mind how stupid he looked wearing that backwards NY baseball cap.  He read the mood of the room perfectly.  One song flowed into the next with scarcely a moment to take a breath, never mind time to switch partners.  Not that there was a lot of switching happening.  It seemed that almost everyone had paired off with their soulmate: reunited in Heaven at last, Sam’s arrival making the circle complete.
“Okay,” Dean murmured.  “Okay, let’s try again.  Make it real this time.”
“It’s you, Cas.  It’s always been you.”
It would seem Castiel was every bit as eager to taste him too.  His lips wandered down Dean’s neck, sucking bruises in the tender skin.  His hands caressed Dean’s arms, his chest; played with the buttons on the hunter’s shirt, before undoing them one by one...
The scent of whiskey, old leather and cheap hotel toiletries wraps around me.
“You live.”  Dean shrugged.  “You get a free meal.”
Dean felt tears trickling down Castiel’s face, wetting his hand.
“Heated swimming pool and access to a private, white sand beach,” Castiel read.
Funny, wasn’t it?  He’d spent much of his life in one shitty motel room or another.  It seemed a fitting place to end it.
So many happy, familiar faces...  Jody, Donna and Claire in a complicated three-way pseudo waltz, Kevin and his mom, Charlie, Adam, Pamela, Missouri, Rufus, Balthazar and too many others to name. He was surrounded by smiles and laughter, people crowding the dance floor, the gentle rumble of dozens of conversations all happening at once...
“But you couldn’t stay away.”
“It felt wonderful to finally say it out loud, and not have to stick around to face rejection,” Castiel whispered.  “You should have left me to my fate, Dean.  I can’t take back the words – I won’t – and you’ll never forgive me for them.”
When he had explored the space immediately around him, and (ha-ha) come up empty, he rose to his hands and knees and began to crawl in what he hoped was a methodical, ever widening circle.  It was hard to orient himself in the pitch black darkness, but he stubbornly persevered.  Until, finally, he was rewarded:  his hand chanced upon familiar fabric; followed the rough cloth of a sleeve up to a shoulder, trailed along a neck until it reached a stubbled cheek.
“No.  Not that either.”
“Oh, Cas...”
“Just passing through.”  Dean downed his drink in a single swallow, and rapped the glass on the counter to signify he wanted more.  The barkeeper nodded and obliged.  “I’ve been travelling here and there.  Looking for something.”
“Huh, I guess I owe the boy big time.”
“Cas, open your eyes.”
“Why?”
“I love you, too,” he whispered hours later, angrily wiping away the snot and tears.  Slowly, he clambered to his feet and squared his shoulders.  He was Dean Fucking Winchester, and he had a job to do.  He had a god to kill.  And after that... well, after that what did it really matter?  Maybe there wouldn’t be an after anyway.
“I don’t make deals with humans.”
Dean started off with Led Zeppelin, working his way from album to album, then switched to AC/DC for a change of pace.  The echo in this non-place made one hell of a backup choir.
“And greeting my arrival into Heaven wasn’t one of those duties?  Never mind that I’m the Righteous Man and due a little respect.  Above and beyond that, I’m your friend.  The friend you supposedly love.  Or has that changed, Cas?  Is that heavenly stick stuck up your ass again now that you have your wings back?”
“Cas!” he shouted.
Dean’s hand slid down the trench coat’s sleeve until it touched the inside of Castiel’s wrist, briefly caressing the delicate skin there before continuing on until their fingers were firmly entwined.
“You know what would feel great?” Dean murmured. “Moving this over to the jacuzzi.  We have the stink of The Empty on us.”
Dean’s hands parted the towel Castiel had knotted around his waist, and he let it fall to the floor.  His own towel followed, as he took the angel’s hand in his and led him towards the bed.
“Cockblocking motherfucker!” Dean yelped, water sloshing over the edge of the tub as he flailed his way out of a very compromising position.
“It’s always been you, you know,” the doppelgänger told Castiel as he walked past him.  “There’s no need to be jealous.  I’m just a figment of his imagination.  A poor substitute for the one he really wants to be with.”
that morphed as they drew nearer, became more familiar, more comforting, more like...
“I’ve come to take you home,” he murmurs between kisses. “Heaven isn’t Heaven without you, angel.”
“Come on, Cas,” he said, taking Castiel’s hands in his and tugging him closer, pleased to note that the angel offered little resistance.
“And how would I do that?  ‘Flap up to Heaven’, I mean.  Did you dream I could fly?”
“No.”
As the echoes of his final hollered “Jump!” faded, he decided to sing songs as they came to mind rather than sticking with one band:
It suddenly strikes me that I have existed longer without Dean than I existed before I met him.  Yet it is the time spent with him that lingers most in my mind.  The only picture I had of him is beyond faded now, it is just crumbling flakes of paper.  Here the hint of an eye, there the corner of a smile.  But the memories that never left me remain crystal clear.  I see his face forming before me.  The green eyes.  The constellation of freckles across his nose.  The glow of happiness that lights his every feature when he sees me.  The softening of his posture as he draws near to me.
Dean sang, loudly and badly.
And so the days and weeks and months just kept on rolling by, and Dean just rolled along with them.
“I can’t do that.  We had an agreement.”
“You’re a romantic at heart, Cas.  I never would have guessed.”
“Did you see which way they went?”
“Twenty seconds,” Castiel warned. “Dean— ”
And he still stands before me.  Solid.  Real.  Youthful.  Here.
Of course Sam chose that moment to jimmy the lock on the door and step inside.  His jaw dropped open in shocked surprise. Whatever he had expected to see, it was certainly not his naked brother and an equally naked angel locked in a passionate embrace.
“I’m sorry I didn’t take the time to learn it all.  I wasted so many years:  denying how I felt, pushing you away... ”
“The choice is yours, Dean,” Castiel – or fake Castiel – said.  “I’m as real as you want me to be.”
How many other hunts had there been before that where Dean took increasingly reckless chances?
Even massively hungover and major league depressed, his mind instantly made the connection...
Dean inhaled, ready to argue, but before he could, Castiel’s quiet voice rang through the air, temporarily drowning out Billie’s incessant hammering on the Panic Room’s door.
“Yeah, right.”
Sam’s head lifted, his eyes shimmering with tears, but hope blossoming in his chest.  “And I know someone in the miracle business,” he said slowly.  “He said he’d be a hands off kind of God, but surely, surely, he can make an exception in this case.”
Dean shifted in the tub, and locked his gaze on his angel’s eyes.  Blue.  The only colour he could still see.
There was no doubt in Sam’s mind:  Dean had a death wish.  And he must have finally found what he’d been searching for:  a way out of the hell his life had become.
As far as places went, The Empty didn’t impress Dean.  It was too, well, empty.  Too quiet. As someone who had been to Heaven, Hell and Purgatory – not to mention more than a few parallel universes – he was used to being affected, even awed, by his surroundings.  But, The Empty?  It was anticlimactic at best.
They will remain unread by any eyes but mine.  They will burn in the coming inferno and blow away.  I will sit here and watch them go, as I watched the last ships carry the hopes of humanity off to the stars.  My thoughts and prayers go with them, but I am still bound to Earth. And so I pray for the end of the world to also be the end of me.
“Wouldn’t the real Cas want to know these things? Would the real Cas approve of you killing yourself this way?”
“What do you have to be sorry about?”
“I’m just trying to help.”
“Maybe the answer I would have given you has always been the same.”
“Where you been hidin’ yourself, Cas?”
“Then why did you spend so much time riding around with me in my car?  I could feel you there, Cas.  Sometimes in the front seat, but mostly in the back.  As if you didn’t want to usurp Sam’s place.”
But the bartender was talking to an empty barstool.  Sam was already on his way out the door. He paused as he reached the tan-coloured Ford he had arrived in and, on a hunch, turned to try the door of the Impala instead.  It wasn’t locked, which raised the hair on the back of his neck.  Feeling around under the driver’s seat, Sam’s fingers touched metal and paper.  He pulled both out and stared at the objects in his hand.  The key to the Impala.  And a folded note.  Hands trembling slightly, he opened the note and read:
“Is it, Dean?  Is it really?  Has he asked you what happened with Chuck – and why the world isn’t ending?”
“And if I wake up before that happens?”
To his surprise, the djinn opened its eyes, the blue glow in their depths flickering... fading...
he repeated, watching closely as the ingredients once again raged across the paper.
“No, Sam.  I – ”
The doppelgänger picked up his scattered clothes, and headed for the door.  “I’ll be outside if you need me,” he offered, his blue eyes sad as he looked at Dean.  “Not that I think you will.”
“Cas!” he cried.
“I doubt it.  I’ve always known I could never compete with Sam.”
A spotlight once again bathed Dean and Castiel in its weak light, strangely leaving anything outside the narrow circle still swathed in impenetrable darkness.  The circle widened slightly as The Empty stepped into it.  It did not look pleased.
“That will not be necessary.  I can dream walk.”
They travelled hard and fast, switching directions as often as they switched vehicles; taking turns behind the wheel; stopping only when absolutely necessary, and even then not lingering very long.  At a rest stop near Niagara Falls, Dean stared out across the waters to the Canadian side.  It looked like a pretty place to die.  Romantic even.  He snorted, amused that he’d fallen so low as to even contemplate such a chick-flick notion. In the end, practicality won; he decided against risking a border crossing with no passport, and in a stolen vehicle.  Instead, he turned the car back towards Buffalo, then followed U.S. 20 all the way to Boston.
Castiel knelt down by the mattress and pressed a hand to Dean’s cheek.  A glow spread out from his fingers, an attempt at healing that had little or no effect judging by the frown that creased his brow.
“But, Dean – ”
Castiel returned home, bearing pizza and a six pack of beer.  He yawned his way through supper, obviously suffering from a long and tiring day.  A quick peck on Dean’s cheek accompanied his decision to turn in early.  He was sound asleep when Dean finally worked up the nerve to crawl into bed next to him.
“Boston,” he mused, staring down at the charred scrap.  “Why the hell choose Boston?”
Grey buildings, grey gravel, grey sky...
“Don’t you know Heaven isn’t Heaven without you by my side?  I’m in love with you, Cas. Can you look me in the eye and tell me that isn’t how you feel about me?”
“Because I heard you say, ‘It’s almost perfect.’  And Bobby replied, ‘He’ll be along.’  I knew you were waiting for Sam to make your heaven complete.  So I decided to postpone seeing you until Sam lived out his life.  And then I decided to wait a little bit longer, until he settled in.”
“I’m perfectly capable of stealing a car and driving us back to the Bunker.”
” echoed in the silence.
“What
Castiel roughly shoved Dean aside, out of harm’s way. He looked at Dean one last time, still smiling, as  black, liquid tendrils of The Empty wrapped around him.  Simultaneously, they crashed against Billie and enveloped her as well.
Finally, in a stroke of sheer genius, Dean started in on one of the most aggravating songs he knew:
“Yeah, I call bullshit,” Dean snorted.  “You wouldn’t be here talking to me now, if I hadn’t caught you by surprise before you could flap away.  Do you think I haven’t sensed you hanging around, lurking just out of sight?”
“I know.  And that’s on me.  But the walls in Heaven are down now.  Let’s lower the wall between us, too.  You are what I want and need.  You're the dream I dream.  Good things do happen, Cas.  I believe that now.  And I can’t think of a happier end to my story than sharing my afterlife with you.”
They stood shoulder to shoulder, then, peering into a dimly lit room.  There was a bare and tattered mattress lying on the floor, a chair with a broken leg leaning drunkenly in one corner.  Peeling, butt-ugly wallpaper curled off the walls in jagged strips, and a water stain trekked a course across sagging ceiling tiles.
” The Empty repeated, raising its voice in a vain attempt to be heard.
But they are also filled with half truths.  Because the love I felt for Dean transcended the bonds of friendship and family.  Because I loved Dean Winchester with a devotion deeper than any love I’ve ever felt for my Father.  Because the very nature of that love was forbidden – a blasphemy no angel should be capable of committing.  But I fell into it willingly, knowingly, wantonly...
“I’m sorry I’ve been such a dick.  You got that memo.  But what I didn’t say in my prayer... What I really need you to know... to believe... is that I love you.”
?  Sammy loved it when he was, eh, nine or so. I think he had a thing for Shari Lewis... or possibly Lamb Chop.”
Dean finally released Castiel’s hand, but only so he could wrap him in his arms instead.  Castiel’s arms bracketed Dean in reply, a deep moan rumbling in his chest, a moan Dean happily echoed.
“Then how – ”
“Then what are we waiting for?”
And – goddamn! – if that didn’t plunge a knife straight into Dean’s heart.  It was so something that Castiel would say.  Would have said.  Fuck.  Dean rested his forehead against the steering wheel, and tried to choke back the sobs that threatened to burst free.  This.  This is why he had to follow through with his plan.  Because it hurt too much not to.  Because a thousand little reminders happened every day, and death by a thousand paper cuts was a hell of a way to die.  A bullet to the brain would be more merciful – and, to be honest, he had considered that option more times than he could remember.  But then, one drunken night, when a gun was actually in his hand, a thought had crept into his head.  What if he could see Cas one last time?  What if he had the chance to tell the angel that he loved him too?   What if, in some other reality, by some miracle or other, they had a life together?
His last words were the words I never tired of hearing. “I love you,” spilled from his lips as his soul slipped through my fingers and began its ascent to Heaven.
It wasn’t brotherhood. It wasn’t mere friendship.  It was love.  A love unlike any other he’d ever known.  Head over heels didn’t begin to describe it.  It was... it was everything.  Cas was everything.  And he wanted to give him everything in return.
an incredulous voice answered.
“And you call me
“I will exterminate you for the pest you are if you don’t cease this infernal racket – and damned be the cosmic consequences.”
“That’s a damned shame.  Have you given any thought to letting us go?”
Sam climbed back out the window and made a mad dash for the Impala.  There was dream root in the trunk.  If there was a chance that Dean could still be reached, it had to be now.
“I love you, too.”
And if he got the words wrong, or sang off key?  What did it matter?  That would be even more annoying than a perfectly executed song.
“We have to go,” Dean said. “Now. But this isn’t over. Not by a long shot.”
Had a man, a stranger out walking his dog, not catcalled in amusement as he passed by, who knows how far the moment would have carried them away.
“You were in The Empty?  Dean, that place is not meant for humans.”
a voice that sounded suspiciously like Crowley’s mocked inside his head.
Dean drew a deep breath and lifted his head from the wheel.  “Let’s get to it,” he said.
, the name sprang to his mind.  And Dean remembered.  He remembered everything.
I won’t bore you with the details of my continued existence.  Those exploits have been chronicled in the ever evolving story of
“You don’t know what you’re saying, Dean.  What did The Empty do to you?  I can’t be what you want.  It can’t be me.”
“I know what
A song guaranteed to make Sam punch him in the arm to shut him up, usually well before there were no more bottles of beer on the wall.  Apparently, The Empty had greater tolerance than his brother did.  Dean sang the song from start to finish a grand total of ninety-nine times.  Pausing only long enough to give a “Whoo-hoo!” of triumph at this most impressive accomplishment, he started singing again.
“There is much you never knew about me, Dean.”
“Knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack... I cared about the whole world because of
“Fuck it,” he said.  “It’s not that much farther away.  I’ll try the motel first.”
They took turns undressing each other, lingering kisses greeting every inch of flesh as it was revealed. Until, at long last, only their underwear remained:  both men’s boxers tented with arousal.
“Maybe not,” Dean conceded.  “But I’d like to wash its memory away – and I have sand in places sand should never be.”
“I can give him the hunter’s funeral he deserves.  I can kill the bastard that killed him.  What happens may not be what I want to happen, but it won’t be nothing.  I won’t let it be.”
“Well, I’m right here, as you can see.  And I don’t plan on going anywhere without you.”
When I close my eyes, I can hear him.  That beloved voice.  The deep rumble of my name on his lips.
“Dean...” Castiel laid a gentle hand on Dean’s arm, instantly drawing his attention away from the phone.  “Would it be such a bad thing to have a little time to ourselves?  I may have been mistaken about ‘the saying’ bringing one more happiness than ‘the having’.  I would like to test that theory – if it meets with your approval, of course.”
“Well, yeah.  Fly, or whatever it is that multidimensional wavelengths do.”
“Cas!” Dean cried, and roughly shoved the doppelgänger aside. Still naked, he rolled off the bed and dashed across the room. Flinging his arms around Castiel, he held on tight.  “I thought I’d lost you,” he sobbed.  “Are you really here?  Is it really you?”
When a gentle hand suddenly rested on his shoulder, it startled him so much that his head banged back against the wall.  For a moment, all he could see was stars.  But as his vision cleared and his gaze travelled up a familiar body from feet to face, he thought he must be dreaming.  It couldn’t be... but it was.
“Well, then, if I have to choose one or the other, I choose to die with you.  At least here I get to die happy.  There’s nothing for me in the real world.”
“White sands.  The scent of sea salt and seaweed. The rolling sound of the surf lulling you to sleep.”
“And what’s in it for me?”
“Do you need to see a doctor?”
Scant inches separated them as they stood face to face, staring into each other’s eyes as they had done countless times before: green lost to blue, blue lost to green.  But, this time, it was easy for Dean to take the final step to bridge that forbidding distance.
He decided to sing.
Castiel smiled, and murmured, “Good morning, Dean.”
Sam finished filling the Impala’s almost empty gas tank and drove on through the night.
I taste the tears that roll down my face.
“Touch me,” Dean begged. “Touch me everywhere.”
But, of course, there was an after.  Chuck was defeated.  Jack became the new God:  a better God, who undid all the damage Chuck had caused, and then took off to Heaven.  Bye-bye, Jack.  And, just like that, Team Free Will was back to being just Sam and Dean Winchester: killing monsters, saving people.  And that should have been enough.  It had always been enough.  But, now...
“There’s a layer of silver painted on my hand,” Dean drawled.  “Well, actually, just flecks of silver embedded in paint.  Expensive shit, but damned effective as a djinn restraint.  Protects me from absorbing your venom too.”
“Home,” Dean said, and wrapped Castiel in his arms.  “It takes us home,” he breathed, and kissed his angel as the rumble of the Impala's engine sounded in the distance, growing louder as it drew near.
I write these words on the final few blank pages of the last existing copy of
“Good luck, Cas,” Sam whispered.  But the angel had already closed his eyes and entered Dean’s dream.
Clearly, they were out of time.
“Shut up, Sam!  Just shut up.  This is real.  It has to be.”
“Fuck,” Dean moaned, blinking his eyes to dispel the remnants of the dream.  He felt as weak as a newborn kitten.  Judging by this, it was obvious some time had passed and the djinn had been enjoying a good feed.
“I had my reasons, Dean.  My duties.”
“Hey, I’m the one with trust issues.  Why would I lie to you?  I could’ve just let you have me and gotten what I wanted.  But, you know, there’s another Winchester out there.  Sam.  My brother.  He’d hunt you down.  Rescue me.  And I don’t want to be saved.  I want to die.  In my dream.”
“Yeah, I got that impression.”
“Huh,” Sam said.  “Okay, let’s narrow it down, shall we.”  Quickly, he rifled though the stack of state maps he had at the ready, and laid the Massachusetts one down.
Castiel placed his hand, still bloodied from when he'd cut it for the warding, on Dean's shoulder:  one touch, one final touch, that seemed to ground him; that was enough to satisfy his craving for something he knew he couldn’t have.
Sam sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, pondering his next step.  He’d make a few calls.  Maybe some hunter would be lucky enough to spot Dean, or alert Sam to djinn or vampire activity.  Jody and Donna would aid in the search too.  But, in all likelihood, a location spell would be the most effective course of action.  He’d have to return to the Bunker for that.  Everything he needed was there.
“Cape Cod.”
“What do you mean?”
I tell this tale because there is no one else left to do so. No one to contradict my version of the truth. No need, any more, to hide the secret I swore I'd always keep.
Castiel withdrew a wallet from another pocket and poked through the contents.  “No...”  He sighed, sending Dean’s hopes plummeting. “But I have a credit card.”
“Is it?  Is it the end?  I don’t plan on going anywhere, Dean.  Do you intend to run away from me?”
“No.  Not really.  I had to assume human form so your pitiful brain wouldn’t explode, and this model just happened to be handy.”
“Dean...”
But then, almost overnight, shortly after the vampire hunt, something changed.  Alertness returned to Dean’s eyes.  He was focused, eerily calm, as if he’d finally regained control of himself.  Oh, he still drank to excess.  Still hid out in his room.  But there was an new air of purposefulness about him.  Something had been settled in his mind.  At first, this gave Sam hope.  Could Dean possibly have moved on from mourning Cas?
“It’ll do,” Dean murmured.
“Sorry, buddy.  I just take their cash and serve ‘em drinks.  I’m not their mama, telling them what they can and can’t do.  The man your brother left with, though, he’s been hangin’ round here for a few weeks now.  Spooky dude.  There’s something about the way he looks at you.  As if he’s thinking you’d make a tasty snack.”
Death, angel and human vanished through the portal.
It took a mere forty-seven repetitions of the song before The Empty shouted, “Stop!”
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean replied, smiling in contentment as he met and held Castiel’s fond stare.  “I guess it is.”
“Fair enough.  But, man, I have a bitch of a headache.”
“You’re... human?”
“Then this isn’t an end, it’s a beginning.  Let’s see where it takes us.”
“I am an angel of the new Lord, Dean.  I don’t have time to lurk.”
Well, I did, of course.  But, then, I'm every bit as much of a misfit as they were.  And they recognized that in me.  Appreciated it.  Drew me into the close circle of their brotherhood.
“Heatstroke?”
“Maybe a little.”
“Everything was wrong.  All wrong.  Too much, too fast.  Too... not us.”
“I was with you the whole time.  I hitched a ride when The Empty grabbed you.”
“Stop, Dean.  Don’t give me hope where there is none.  I’m family.  I know what family means to you.  I can be content with that.”
That left five outbuildings to investigate.
“So my options are death... or death?”  Dean laughed, though there was nothing remotely funny about this dilemma.
Sometimes he heard an uneasy rustling sound in the distance, or the whisper of a disgruntled sigh.  He took that as all the encouragement he needed to continue.  It was amazing, really, how many songs he knew by heart.  They just kept rolling off his tongue.  And if he couldn’t think of something new to sing, he sang one he’d already sung.  Over and over again, he ran through his repertoire.  Over and over and over...
that consumed the entire map, save for the state of Massachusetts.
The final shed he entered showed signs of recent use.  There were footprints in the dust; chains with shackles bolted to the wall in one corner, above a rickety cot.  But there was no evidence that anyone had ever been imprisoned there.  The monster, being fairly new to the area, must still have been sussing out the town, making sure any victim he chose would not be missed.
“Sam was a given.  I didn’t need to worry about him anymore.  You, on the other hand...  What was I supposed to think when you didn’t show up?”
“I thought I’d never see you again.  It was selfish... telling you... that.  But I had to speak my truth to save you.  You have to know that’s the only reason why I’d... embarrass you like that.”
“Seriously, Gene.  Shut the fuck up.”
Dean’s kiss was his reply.
Close by the oblivious couple, John and Mary were slow dancing.  Mary had her head nestled against John’s shoulder.  Her eyes were closed, his open as he looked down at her adoringly; they both were smiling.
The door closed behind him, and he was gone.
And so it began.  I roamed the Earth, guardian angel of humankind, helping where I could, keeping the monsters at bay.  It’s ironic, really.  Just as Dean and Sam were before me, I was dragged into a hunter’s life by my Father.  Unlike the brothers who had each other, however, I had no one.
“How am I still alive?”  he wondered.
“Shut up,” he replied, dumping her into Garth’s arms with a little more force than necessary.  They both were laughing as they twirled away, but Dean ignored them in favour of hastening down a dimly lit hall.  However, instead of turning left to go to the men’s room, he continued on down the passageway and slipped out the back door.  Quietly, he made his way around the side of the building, and there, as he had expected him to be, was Castiel: his nose literally pressed against a window pane.
“Three years as you would measure it,” The Empty growled, forcing the words through gritted teeth.
He was all too afraid that Dean fell into that category.
Dean attempted to sit up, and found himself too weak to do so. It took two tries, even with Castiel’s assistance.  Even then, his head spun and nausea churned his gut.
"So you said."
“None of your business,” Dean snapped, at the same time that Castiel replied, “This would have been our first time.”
“If you’re sure...” Castiel said uncertainly.  “But I’m driving.  You sit back and get some fluids in you.  I think there’s some Gatorade left in the cooler.”
“Has he mentioned Jack?”
“I feel real,” the angel said.
As final moments went, Dean could have done worse.  His eyes remained open, pupils dilating as the djinn’s poison flooded through his veins. And as dark shadows closed in around him, two eyes, ablaze with an unearthly glow, became all that he could see. Two eyes,
The djinn lifted its head, and turned towards him, lips silently shaping ‘no’.
“Well! I think... Pre-Law is pretty much what I expected, lots of work already.” She laughed and nodded.
Sam hadn’t really made any more friends. He had Castiel of course, but Castiel was a quiet guy. And he didn’t really talk much about himself  besides when Sam would ask directly.
He and Sam had left the previous day, it was kind of a blur for him. His dad had left town a few days before, to go on a bender most likely. The fight between the three of them was still haunting Dean, and he had that nice faint bruise on his face to remind him.
“I hope so Cas.”
“I don’t know what to do.”
“So, does your brother go here as well?” He asked, trying to sound casual.
“So Jessica, tell me about her.” Dean changed the subject.
“Yeah it probably is. I’m going to get a drink, would you like anything?” He quickly changed the topic. She didn’t seem to notice his discomfort and nodded. He waded through the many bodies and arrived in the messy kitchen. Solo cups littered the floor and countertops.
“Probably just class or slow walkers. He hates being behind slow people.” Dean chuckles with her, they’ve both heard his annoyed asides about how annoying slow walkers are.
Castiel had a lot to think about.
It hurt like hell, but it was worth it. -Tiel means of god, many Angel names included this suffix. So he had the name of an Angel, but his family treated him like the devil himself. He figured both had Angel wings, so why not?
“Sam it’s alright that you’re curious, I’m not offended. Dean apparently lives next door to my friend, they’re acquaintances. She offered to Dean to watch tv with us. We both stayed the night there.” Castiel explained calmly.
“Oh I See. I’ll be there at eight.”
“He’s a senior? Living in the dorms? Huh.” Dean grumbled, going into the bathroom they shared with the dorm next to them. He stared at himself in the mirror, leaning against the open bathroom door. He could see the circles under his eyes, he hadn’t been sleeping well. Well, that implies he’d ever slept well. He could see the slight trace of an old bruise along his cheek bone and up around his eye. It was faint by now.
“Daphne was my first girlfriend, first year of college, broke up cause I’m gay. Meg and I dated second year of college, and again broke up cause I’m gay. Then Benjamin we dated also Sophomore year, only for a few months. We were just better off as friends. My most serious relationship was a year long with Jimmy, he and I got close and I even met his family.” Dean could read Cas well enough to not make a joke.
“No! He was actually really nice. He said if I ever needed to talk he’d be there. And it didn’t even sound like he was trying to hook up with me, so bonus!”
“Fine, well you know I dated Meg for a while.” Dean looks surprised, he’s heard stories of Meg but only in relation of them being friends, which they are now. Meg was very kind when he came out.
Okay- it’s not a fetish
“Hey Meg,” he says with a wave. Meg and her friend walk closer and order their drinks.
“Yeah only the cool people I guess.” Dean remarked.
“Thanks Dean. I’m sorry for dragging you over here. You sound tired.”
Castiel walked home the next morning. It was a bit chilly at eight am, but he found it refreshing. The night was warm and comforting, a stark contrast to the now windy and bright morning.
“Thanks Cassie, I love you.”
“No, it’s not a big deal.”
“Yeah, a couple actually. I believe three women.” Cas told them both, Charlie already knew about one of them.
This was his own victory, his own body that he owned and loved. And he wasn’t going to let anyone tell him how to live his life anymore.
“Truth.”
“I didn’t know you were neighbors,” Castiel continues.
“Alright fine, I’ll be over in five.” Dean finished getting ready and left.
“Order for Hannah?” The barista called out a few minutes later. Castiel got their order and walked over to their table.
“Please don’t, Dean. You’re too old man.” Sam laughed.
Mind? I’m glad I’m not the one being subjected to your weird cowboy fetish
“Sammy? Everything okay?” Dean immediately picks up. Of course he does.
“Sam, have I ever told you how pretty your eyes look in the sun?” Jess asks after a couple minutes of them walking, taking glances at each other.
Castiel is out for the night, he told him he was out with some of his friends. He had invited Sam but he declined in favor of spending a nice night alone.
“I went to a party in junior year and got so high I slept with a girl that was super homophobic towards me in previous years. She came out a month later.” She laughed to herself. Dean laughed along.
“Hello Jess, Sam, how are you?” He asked politely. Sam has really never seem Jim be impolite to Dean. That’s a whole thing.
“It’s probably quieter outside?” She said, with her eyebrows raised. Castiel knew that she wanted to talk to him more, and he wasn’t exactly opposed to that. At least he wouldn’t be alone. But he was aware of how Hannah saw him, and didn’t want to give her any ideas that he might feel the same.
“Oh, uh okay man.” Sam said, giving him a nod.
“Everything. Dad found out, and he almost killed me. I knew that if I wanted to protect Sammy from anything like that then I’d have to get him out. So I dropped out and I got him out. Four years too late though. He never stopped trying to hurt us.”
”Yeah man, he’s gay. Didn’t think you’d be so bigoted man. That’s more of Dad’s thing.” Dean didn’t look at Sam’s face. As knew why.
“What’s the craziest thing you’ve done?”
“You and Castiel are friends or something?”
“So what’s the deal with Hannah? Ex or something?” Dean asked him.
Dean was his older brother, and his life long defender. He was both Sam’s mother, father, and brother. It was a lot on him. Maybe if Dean would appreciate some space away from his kid brother.
“So you like her?” Dean asks, giving him a knowing look. Dean was always so annoying about these sorts of things.
“Oh geez, way lower. Three.” Charlie and Cas both looked a little surprised. Charlie expected more and Cas expected less.
“Okay but no more drinking for me, I’m good with just the finger version. I’m too wrecked.” Charlie clarifies.
“Slept with a friend’s sibling” Dean said and Charlie put a finger down. Cas rolled his eyes at her, he didn’t want to know.
“We’re eating lunch together right now!” He fakes being offended. Cas rolls his eyes.
But she agreed to go out with him, she seemed excited even. He’d been pacing his room for a couple days about what they’d do, where’d they go.
“Wait, I thought you were going to a friend’s place last night? Do you have Dean’s phone number or something? Which would be totally fine, you guys can be friends or whatever, that goes without saying I was just curious I guess cause he never tells me anything, and I’m rambling.” Sam kept stumbling out words before he could even stop himself.
“No worries, I’m not ashamed.”
About an hour later Castiel is long finished with his lunch but still sipping on his coffee so the cafe won’t make them leave. Hannah and him haven’t had many conversations while working, but they everyone once in a while will ask each other questions.
They laughed together for a few minutes, not caring about their school work just for today. They could always do their work later they reasoned. They were both unreasonably good bullshitting their projects, Sam from experience, Jess from luck.
“Sam, dad didn’t need a reason to beat on us. Okay? I dropped out so I could get a job and save up for us to get away from him.” Dean finally looked at Sam. His face was stone cold. Sam knew he wasn’t telling him everything. He also knew that Dad only ever beat Dean. Not Sam. Dean never let John close to Sam when he was in his moods.
“You can stop now,” Cas says annoyed. Dean chuckles and lets the shirt fall.
They sit there for a minute, Charlie wraps her arms around Castiel in a hug.
“Okay it’s too early to sleep, so Never have I ever!” She exclaims. Dean rolls his eyes.
“Truth”
“Dean you had bruises for weeks. You dropped out of school a little while after.” Sam continued, and Dean seemed still upset.
He was happy to be friends with Dean. He almost never was friends with men, but Dean was kind, protective, funny, and kind of gave him a hard time. He had this weird obsession with cowboys and old westerns, which Castiel almost adored about him. He loved food, especially pie. Castiel could listen to him talk about whatever for as long as Dean wanted.
“You’ve seen it?” Castiel asks.
“Sammy, it’s a Friday night! Aren’t you supposed to be partying right now?” He said when Sam called him that night.
“Are you okay?” She turned her head and the sunlight moved to her eyes. They were glimmering now. She had blue eyes, but with the sun glinting in them made them look greenish.
“Hey Sam,” she jokes back.
He turned around to see Dean entering the shop. He was wearing a black t shirt with worn out jeans, his usually work attire. Speaking of work, he was supposed to be there right now.
She sniffles when he wraps his arm around her shoulders and pulls her closer.
“Why was it complicated?” Cas asked, they both looked at him, he hadn’t spoken in a while.
“I am not sleeping with Dean Winchester.” Castiel grumbled to himself. He knew what Jess and Sam thought, and maybe even Charlie. He and Dean were simply friends, neither of them would want anything more.
He shakes his head of these thoughts and walks into his living room. Cas is sitting on the couch with his coat slung over the arm rest, and he’s still wearing his shoes.
“Trust me, he’s your type.”
A well of fury built up in Castiel’s chest when he thought of it. Really about any parent hurting their children, but he’s never known a child of abuse like that. Dean and Sam are such amazing men and the idea of someone hurting them made Castiel’s blood boil.
“Sammy is my little brother, he’s roommates with Cas here. He’s been crushing on this girl since he met her and he finally asked her out! She said yes!” He sat back down but was obviously more excited.
Sam hasn’t seen the two of them interact all that much, but when he does he sees a different side to both of them. Castiel is more sarcastic around Dean and Dean is... well he’s happier around Castiel. Sam attributes it to a new place, new friends, and not being around their father anymore.
“Well, if you ever are feeling lonely without your weird roommate, text me. Most likely, I will also be away from my weird roommate.” She stops walking and smiles. Sam smiles as, they exchange phone numbers and she goes into her dorm building.
“Wait, so... explain again.” Dean said to her, clearly confused.
Sam and Jess continued to not do any work that day.
“My dad knew because of Lee.” Dean murmured again. Cas smiled slightly to himself, Dean was almost endearing when drunk.
“Seven.” Cas Said, he tried not to be embarrassed but he knew his was the lowest there.
“Fine.” Charlie grumbled. Castiel set up Buffy the Vampire Slayer, season three. It was one of their favorite shows to watch together, and Gilda never watched it with Charlie cause she thought it was too “gory”. Ridiculous honestly.
Castiel entered their room, trying not to interrupt the two of them.
His current apartment didn’t smell like much when he moved in. Though since he’s been here it just smells like him. His clothes, his shampoo, his deodorant, him. He hoped it wasn’t a bad smell. He hadn’t ever gotten complaints.
“Not like Cas you don’t, man never gets past tipsy by the time I pass out.” Charlie tells Dean. Cas smiles to himself.
“Well we don’t want to keep you from your friends,” Meg says. Sam nods and waves before he starts walking away.
“Sam, if you have something to ask, just ask man. No use beating around the bush.” Dean looked a little on edge now.
“Here, I washed it too.” Cas handed him his folded Led Zeppelin shirt. Dean looks down at it and grabs it with a smile.
“He’d be proud of you anyway, that you were able to tell him yourself.” Dean moves his arm to squeeze Cas’s.
“You won’t bore me, I like hearing about it.” Dean tells him, and Cas looks at him surprised. He didn’t think Dean would care about his ‘nerdy’ interests.
Sam was still nervous to talk to her about this. He didn’t want to lose one of his only friends. But Dean was right, she’s cool. She’s not gonna stop being friends with him just cause they had different feelings.
“Okay, did you forget bisexual and pansexual people existed? He could like women and men.” Charlie reasoned. Castiel looked away.
“I think I just have the essay left, and maybe finalizing the last project.” They entered the coffee shop and ordered their own drinks and lunches.
“Dean, I remember that argument you had with Dad your last year in high school.”
The room was cozy, the sun had started going down so the room was lit up with the glorious streams of yellow and orange. The fall wasn’t too cold here, or at least not yet. Sam wished he could’ve had more moments of peace like this growing up.
“Uhm, I’m not sure. You get a text from him?”
“Say, where’s Cas? He’s never late” Charlie mentions, looking at her phone.
“What’s your major?” Ruby asks him, she seems genuinely curious too. “I mean, if you’ve decided already.”
“And you remember my girlfriend Daphne.” Charlie nods.
“Yeah yeah, I just wanted some advice. And I don’t want to go over to your dingy apartment.” Sam laughed out, Dean rolled his eyes.
“Oh I’m always down to watch some BtVS,” Dean said, sitting on the other side. Charlie sat between them.
“I’m on my lunch break.” He picked up Castiel’s drink and took a sip, obviously not caring for germs. It made Castiel feel almost proud that he wasn’t worried about doing so.
“Heh, yeah he’s a sweet kid.” Cas wanted to ask about their dad, but he knew it was a touchy subject. Plus, he was getting close to sleep as well.
“I believe that everyone is a nickname person.” Dean smiled reassuringly.
“Okay Cas, truth or dare.”
Once everyone else arrives they start their class work almost immediately. Jess starts quizzing the rest of the group on some terms that’ll be on the upcoming test. Sam sits that out in favor of rereading the most recent chapter.
Jessica laughed and put her hands in her jacket pockets. “Yeah, not what I was expecting either.”
“You know, I think I hear him coming down the halls. Why don’t we go see if it’s the same guy.” Charlie was out of her seat before Castiel could stop her.
“Nope! Just wanted to tease you.” Dean scoffs through the phone.
“What? The movie you dork. That’s what we’re watching tonight.”
“Hey man,” he said as Castiel walked in. Sam was just sitting on his bed reading a book for his lit class. Castiel noticed him and nodded, he looked exhausted.
As he was walking he saw a familiar face walking around with a backpack. He pulled out his earbuds.
They got off the elevator and walked down the hall towards their adjacent apartments.
“Wait who’s the other?” Charlie asked him. Cas rolled his eyes. “Come on Cas!”
“Alright so, you’re gonna ask her out right?”
Dean’s laughing slowed enough that he managed to say “So you haven’t always had this stick up your ass?” He says between laughs. Cas’s jaw drops and he actually laughs. Then he stands up and hits Dean where he sits on the floor.
“Well I’ve made Sam sit through it at least once a year since I first saw it. He finally put a stop to it last year.” Cas chuckled at the thought. “And Charlie isn’t a fan of westerns in general, more of a sci-fi gal. My uncle Bobby sometimes indulges me enough to watch it with me, but he’s back in Kansas.”
“Hi, I’m Ruby.” The friend says, she seems surprised that Meg doesn’t do it for her. She holds out a hand for Sam to shake and he doesn’t hesitate to take it.
“Do you even know his name?”
“I apologize for my tardiness, my class ran over time. Plus there was this group of drunk students walking in front of me, I swear they walked so slowly.” Cas grumbled as he walked into Charlie’s apartment without knocking. Dean and Charlie look at each other and try not to laugh at him.
“We talked at a party like two weeks ago.” He nodded to Castiel again, didn’t give anymore explanation.
“Anyway,” Charlie starts, “Gone past fifth base.”
They walk to one of the campus cafe’s for dinner, and eat together outside. They both love the sunlight shining on each other.
“Ahem, Sam I’m meeting my friend. I probably won’t be back tonight.” Castiel said, picking up his trench coat from his bed.
His family was pretty... weird. There was his eldest brother Michael, who was pretty controlling. And his younger sister Anna, she was kind of obsessed with religion, more so from an artist perspective though.
“Hey Dean!” Charlie waved to him, Dean looked up and saw the two of them. He paused when he saw Castiel.
“No, just a late start.” Sam explained while the Professor was still finishing something up on his computer. Lucky for him this Prof didn’t look up from his computer until about two minutes after class technically started.
“I’m Dean, Cas’s boyfriend.” He said, putting his hand out for her to shake. Her mouth dropped just slightly, and her eyebrows raised. Castiel smiled slightly, trying to not freak out. Guess the plan of not coming out wasn’t happening.
“Here you go buddy,” Dean tosses the shirt at Cas and walks to help Charlie with the bottles. Cas stands up to put it on. He starts unbuttoning his shirt right there, he doesn’t mind anyone seeing after all. He and Charlie had been to the beach many times after all, and it’s not like Dean doesn’t know what a chest looks like.
“Jessica! Hey!” He said awkwardly, he was always flustered around her.
Dean had only heard bits and pieces of what had happened with Charlie and her ex. From what he could gather though, they met about two years ago and kind of dived into dating pretty fast. They had then moved in after only a year of dating. It seemed to move way faster that Dean could understand, but he was also aware he wasn’t exactly a romantic.
He had dropped his things off before he and Sam went to Sam’s dorm. He’d met the landlord then and gotten his key and everything. He still had to unpack what stuff he had brought with him, but he didn’t want to bother his brother with that right now.
“He said, ‘it’s a girl’, and you dropped it.” Sam said with his signature bitch face.
Sam got a notification from his phone. He took a quick look.
“Okay, so next time you guys go on one of your nighttime walks, when you get to her place you’re gonna stop. You’re gonna ask her out, don’t over do it. Just be genuine and she’ll either like you or not. But if she’s as cool as you say she is, she’ll be okay with it either way.”
“Oh, I honestly forgot.” Dean laughs at him and squeezes his shoulder.
Dean closes the top of the car and brushes his hands together as if that would help clean them off. When that doesn’t work he grabs a nearby rag and wipes the grease off his hands as best as he can.
“Oh, cool cool.” Sam went back to his work with no more questions.
“Huh? Oh right, um. Kaylee and I dated for about seven months, we were good friends first. I was like eighteen at the time, maybe seventeen. That one was complicated.” Dean slurred.
He’s been spending almost every night over at Charlie’s, usually only if Cas is around though. That’s when they watch their show, though sometimes Cas goes over there and the two of them just talk.
“Hey guys!” Jess’s voice distracts Sam away from Kevin. He turns to her walking into the room. She’s wearing one of his flannels over a tank top and some blue jeans. It’s a good look on her, though he thinks she could pull off anything.
That’s all he said. The words he spoke were eaten by the night like they had never existed. Even though Cas had seen it happen, he wasn’t sure if it was all real.
“Alright, well I gotta get back to work. Are you coming by later today?” Dean asks, referring to Charlie’s place.
“Really well, though I’m mostly working under cars all day. Almost no human interaction. Maybe I should go to a college party.” He joked.
That’s why he called Dean over. As much as Dean was kind of a doof, he was great with romance. Well, maybe not romance. But he knew how to make people like him.
“So how’s your first week going?” She asked him, a light smile gracing her face.
“Well it’s good to meet you, Sam.” She smiles around her words. Sam isn’t sure what to make of her yet. Seems nice enough, but most people do at first. The professor cleared his throat and stood up to start class. Meg’s attention was away from Sam, and he turned his head away as well.
Cas was suddenly curious about his tattoo again. He wasn’t one to look at it too often. He slowly lifted his shirt off to glance in the mirror. It was just a small tattoo of Angel wings over his shoulder blades. He got them when he was twenty. They aren’t huge or spectacular. Just detailed beyond what he could understand.
As soon as he got into his apartment he took a shower. He washed off all the car oil at the shop but he could still feel it all over him.
“Heh, hey Cassie,” she sniffles out.
“Darn, what’d you do? Grab some fast food?” Sam figures he might as well build up into the teasing.
“Hey looky here, my new best friend Sam.” He hears a familiar rough voice say. He turns his head to see Meg and another women with her. Her friend is a little taller, with long straight brown hair, and dark brown eyes. They look pretty similar. Even their fashion sense looks alike.
“You don’t have to do anything. For right now, just sit with me okay? I’ll be here for you as long as you need me.” She nods into his shoulder.
He and Kevin talk occasionally, asking for the other’s opinion on what something meant, or just asking for help on something. The concepts were sinking in finally, so now he just had a bunch of busy work.
“Yeah, they’re a light Hazel usually but now they look kind of golden. With a tint of green.” She describes while looking directly at him. He can’t help but smile at her.
He was going through the motions for most of the day. He put deodorant on, brushed his teeth, changed his pants and underwear, walked to class, took notes, waited for Hannah after class. It was like he was wired to do things in this order, he wasn’t doing most of it of his own choice.
When Dean slides into his car and sits he almost lets out a sigh of relief. He’s been working his ass off all day, and it’s been a while since he’s sat down.
“That’s alright, thank you for helping me.” Castiel tells her. She nods and thanks him as well before excusing herself.
“Not too bad, worse than usual though.” He explained. Dean laughed, then couldn’t stop laughing. This led to Charlie giggling her ass off, which led to Cas chuckling.
He also adored the aesthetic of it all, the music and the sound cues. The rustic vibes, the rolling desert shots, the old saloons, the old coloring that the movies had back then.
There’s something about the friend that is interesting to Sam. She’s... intriguing. She seems like an interesting and standoffish person.
“Hello Dean.” Was all he said, but his smile hadn’t gone away. He quickly looked back down to his book. Dean turned his head away from Sam’s roommate to sit in the chair at Sam’s desk.
He nods along with the song, not getting distracted while he drives. His stomach growls as he approaches his building.
Cas was shifting to move closer to Dean. Dean could feel the fabric of his own t shirt move between their skin. The room was hazy, the light was barely peaking through the half ass attempt of a closed curtain. He couldn’t really see anything, besides the things directly in light. He couldn’t see Cas though. Maybe that’s why he told him about his dad.
“Wait! The one who pretended to be your boyfriend?? Who you thought was super cute and attractive??” Charlie was now sitting up.
“This is my friend Charlie, the one I was talking about earlier.” He explained to Dean, shifting uncomfortably on his feet.
“Cas! I didn’t know you were here! And it’s good to see you again Hannah.” Dean walked over to them and pulled over a chair from an empty table.
“So why are you in the dorms if you’re a senior?” Dean asked, Sam slapped his arm.
Hey I have a study group tonight so no Buffy night :(
“Yeah of course! Oh geez I sounded too excited...” she blushed and hid her face in his shoulder.
He allows himself to settle into his own couch. His home. It’s a good end to a long day. Sitting at home with a western and a friend.
“Sam, you’re an idiot. A cute idiot.” Sam tilted his head confused. “You don’t have to be embarrassed Sam, you distract me too.” He smiles and they share a kiss. It isn’t long, it isn’t full of passion, just happiness.
“It’s from Jessica! She asked if I wanted to go on a walk!” Sam said excitedly. Dean grinned like a proud older brother should.
“Aw I’m glad I could help. Now, tell me about this,” He glances at Cas’s paper to find a word. “Diaspora, what’s that?” Cas shakes his head with a smile.
“Dean? No, he’s not a college guy. He’s gonna work at the auto shop around the corner. Got himself a shitty apartment nearby.”
“Oh Castiel I have a class in ten, my apologies I forgot. I’ll see you tomorrow for the same?” Hannah says before packing her things up.
“Tell him I say congratulations.” Castiel says instead. Dean nods and they continue to watch the show. Charlie suggests a drinking game at some point, but both Dean and Castiel agree that she probably shouldn’t be drinking right now. She agrees begrudgingly.
He’s never found a place where people just let him exist next to them, let alone accept him.
“Hey Charles, what’s cracking?” Dean said as he entered Charlie’s apartment. She had yelled for him to enter, she was in the other room.
Okay fuck off
“Well now she thinks you’re gay, or at least taken. So that’ll get her off your back for a while.”
When Castiel walked in, he saw she was watching Princess Bride. She and Gilda would watch that at least every month. They could both quote the entire movie. This meant she was just letting herself drown in her own sadness.
“You too, Benny.”
Sam lifted one of his eyebrows at Dean as if to ask what that was about. Dean understood.
“You guys are sweet together, from what I can see.” She gives a genuine smile to him and he returns it.
“Weird how?”
“Oh sorry Cas!” Jess said in surprise.
“He signed up for the army actually. We broke up for several reasons but that was the main one.” He nodded and so did Dean. Charlie gave him a supportive smile and Cas thought it was time to move on.
“Meg?” Dean said, rising to his feet.
Well, just
Darkness surrounded Dean when he opened his eyes, and for a moment, he believed he was still in The Empty, that he had been tricked and lied to.  But the soft
know, because I share your memories. And you know what happens when something cracks the illusion and reality seeps through. That’s bad enough, but this situation is worse because – ”
I let the book and pen drop to the ground.  My hands now have something much better to hold.
“And I’m not going anywhere without Cas.”
It wasn’t because Castiel was human – that didn’t bother him in the slightest. Angel or human, Castiel was an integral  part of his life.  It was Dean himself that was the problem.  He had tried to play catch up, had tried to absorb their history, but there were so many memories he couldn’t share in, because he had never lived them.
“There was only one thing I wanted you to know, and I told you at the end.  I’ll tell you again now.  I love you, Dean.”
“And why should I believe you?”
“You could say that.  Though I’m hoping for something a little more permanent.”
Sam eased the Impala to a stop outside of the Sunnydale Motel, the ticking of the cooling engine as familiar a sound to him as his own heartbeat.  Quietly, he exited the car and stared at the cracked pavement which surrounded the front of the building.  The faded white lines that had once delineated parking spaces peered out from under decades-old layers of dirt. The area looked undisturbed, but something about it wasn’t quite right. The distribution of plant debris looked too neat, too uniform, to be natural.  It was as if someone had taken great pains to sweep away their tracks.
“Nah, but I’ve seen him heading west a few times when I’m locking up for the night.  Strange.  There’s nothing much out that way past the Fredrickson’s place.  Just a few old abandoned buildings.  The mine’s been shut down a long time.  If you – ”
“I assumed we had already established that.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered.
If you've read
Sam’s thoughts turned to their last big hunt, just over four months ago:  vampires, a good-sized nest of them, holed up in an old barn.  Dean’s heart had not been in the fight.  He took stupid chances, taking on two or three vampires at a time.  Pushed back across the room by one of the larger ones, he missed being impaled on a protruding piece of metal by a hair’s breadth.  Instead, the rebar only gouged a trench along his side.  He had resumed the battle with blood seeping from the gash, the coppery scent driving the vampires wild, calling them to the feast, their rabid attention fiercely focused on Dean.
“I love you,” Castiel said.  And he smiled.  The bastard actually smiled.  Happy in the moment.
“About damn time,” Sam said.
The thought of kissing Castiel – and being kissed in return – brought a contented smile to his face.  They had kissed for what seemed like hours; had only stopped when Dean could no longer hold back yawns of utter exhaustion.  And so they had nestled together, there on the beach, and Dean had drifted off to sleep safe in his angel's arms.  Now that he was awake, they could resume the kissing, could hopefully take a giant leap forward and do much more than that.  But, first, he really had to take a piss.  After that, they’d find a diner and fill his growling stomach.
Castiel was quick to comply.  A large hand wrapped firmly around Dean’s burgeoning erection, as his mouth crashed against Dean’s in a feral kiss, swallowing his whimpering sighs.
It’s not like he’d never gotten drunk before –
“I don’t ever want to see his face again – or yours.”
“Cas,” Dean said.
It didn’t even come close.
A wet, ripping noise from behind made Dean turn in time to see black goo from The Empty squeezing through the wall. Tears filled Dean's eyes as he turned back to the angel. Castiel was still smiling through his tears.
As his eyes adjusted to the dark, Dean saw that it wasn’t absolute after all, it was simply night.  He was back in the motel, still lying on that damned mattress, an angel seated on the floor by his side.  Only a stray moonbeam, peering through a crack in the boarded over window, served as a source of light.  It limned the angel’s profile, highlighting his nose, his chin, and reflecting the worry in his eyes.
Fortunately, the sputtering crackle of the diminishing rift commanded their attention:  a sharp reminder that their escape from Purgatory was in serious jeopardy.
“I’m done running, Cas.”
“Ahem,” Dean coughed.
The soft
When they stepped into the flickering rift, they were still holding hands.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
An unfamiliar feeling burned though his veins, twisted his stomach into knots and curled his hands into tight fists.  Castiel felt his wings bristle and vibrate, threatening to break free and enter the visible plain, battle ready. The urge to lash out at the unfairness of it all was overpowering, but he managed to keep himself under rigid control – for the count of several seconds at least. But that was all he could stand, that was was more than long enough to bear witness to this abomination.
He ran a quick inventory of his weapons:  a machete in its sheath slung over his shoulder; a vial of dead man’s blood in a jacket pocket; a silver knife clipped to his belt; silver bullets in the gun he carried, each and every silver item coated in lamb’s blood.  Gun held at the ready, Sam approached the building to better inspect the boards securing the doors and windows.  As expected, they were all firmly nailed in place.  Quietly, he rounded the side of the motel, and peered around the corner.  A glint of sunlight reflecting off metal caught his eye.  There was a car back there, carefully buried beneath a pile of brush – probably the same branches that had been used to sweep the parking lot.
And when they reached the other side, Dean drew the angel into his arms and kissed him as he’d always longed to do.
The djinn nodded.  “I’ve seen worse,” he said.
“He’s taking care of the djinn’s body.  He said he’d pick up some food and water for you before heading back.  I think he wanted to give us time to talk in private.”
A puzzled frown creased the djinn’s forehead, but it cleared as Dean possessively laid his left hand on his forearm, just where a rolled up sleeve met bare skin.
I can feel the touch of his hand on my shoulder.  The gentle brush of his fingers in my unkempt hair.
“You’re not here either,” he said.  “Neither of you are. Cas is in The Empty.  What’s left of you is dying in a crappy motel room.  You’ve been poisoned, Dean.  This is all a djinn’s fabrication.”
“Like hell you are.  Keep your mouth shut and your eyes peeled.”
Even in its heyday, this must have been a dismal place.
“No.” Dean shook his head. “It can’t wait. It’s already waited too long.”
“Showoff,” Dean groused.
The lore says to escape a djinn’s spell all you have to do is die by your own hand.  What it doesn’t say is how much it hurts swimming back to a conscious state.
Against all odds, Dean and Sam both lived to a ripe old age.  But, inevitably, they died.  A part of me died too with their passing.  The best part of me.
Gene’s hands began to emit a wispy, azure-coloured aura in response, a swirling pattern of of tattoos springing into vivid relief on his skin.  On silent feet, he came closer... closer... instinctively reaching out to touch and claim his prey.
And, just like that, they were kissing once again, all thoughts of bathroom needs and hunger swept from Dean’s mind.  All that existed was Castiel, his eyes, his lips, the telling bulge in his slacks saying that he was every bit as affected by the kiss as Dean was.
Truth in the middle of the night:
It’s a strange thing to think about. Judy Collins is still alive - Dean looked it up. His mom, on the other hand, managed to die twice in the meantime. She was only thirty-something. Thirty-too-young. Younger than Dean. Poor Mary Pilgrim, unstuck in time.
But, oh, well. Claire is smiling as if she’s just been christened Biggerson’s One-Millionth Customer and granted with a year of free grease, and Cas has a slight bounce to his step that means he’s particularly pleased with himself.
It’s not like he has any say in this matter, of course. Nightmares happen. The only consolation is that they don’t happen
“Who knows if we ever get the chance again? It’s not every day we have Dean securely out of the kitchen. You know he’d meddle so goddamn much.”
is - Cas chimes in:
“I knew you’d have my back,” Dean says around the mouthful of Cas and Claire’s disastrous pizza. The more of it he has, the more it tastes of death warmed over, but he doesn’t mind. In a way, it’s kinda perfect. “You’re a brat, but I trust you to wake me up in case some creepy crawly showed up and you needed an extra pair of hands on the deck.”
Kids don’t really
IT’S LATE. ARE YOU STILL HUNTING?
He can feel the exact moment when Cas’ hands go still and his body stiffens. Dean misses the softness straight away and it’s his time to reach out, press himself closer, closer, until he can’t tell his tangled legs from Cas’.
“There’s certainly bacon on it if you squint,” Claire says. “Dunno how good it’ll be, though. I wanted to fry it first, but it turns out that you won’t find even a single frying pan in this shithole. That’s what we’re paying over two hundred fucking bucks per night for?”
“It’s an acquired taste.” Dean makes a vague it-is-what-it-is gesture. “Not all can keep up.”
“I know that, you know that, Eileen knows that.” Dean grins a little. “Sam is immune to sense, though.”
“I know it doesn’t make sense to you, but it does to me, and I’m tired and selfish and that’s it.” Dean kind of hopes he won’t remember anything tomorrow; he isn’t cut for all these
Dean smiles at the screen for a moment before he shoves the phone back into the pocket of his jeans. The night is nice - a little bit too foggy for his liking, but Dean can always appreciate the lack of rain. It would be a real pain in the ass to look for a ghost in a downpour; sons of bitches got sorta translucent in the water.
“I’m fine. It was a small nest.” A sigh. “Why are you still up?”
He remembers how it felt, all these years ago. There was an angel sent to watch over him and Dean, like an utter fool, wasted this protection on watching over the said angel in return.
IT’S A VERY NICE SNAIL. THANK YOU.
In the two-story fire-hazard house in Lawrence, Kansas, Dean’s mother sang him to sleep every night. He doesn’t remember much from that time - he was too little for this - but what he
“Claire, please. Language.” His voice comes from afar, muffled by the distance and what Dean assumes must be all the walls between the living room and wherever Cas is.
In truth, it was all about the house wasn’t; namely, it wasn’t John’s Impala. It wasn’t a motel room with a bathroom so narrow one could barely turn around in there. It wasn’t a guest room in a house of some of John’s old friends who agreed to take Sam and Dean for a few days.
“Sorry, Cas, I’m too old to be conditioned like some kind of aa poodle.” Claire rolls her eyes and steps back, turning her head to give Cas an annoyed look. Dean believes she’s facing the kitchen, but he can’t be sure: he’s only skimmed over the house’s plan earlier. “You missed the opportunity window by, like, a decade.”
Dean raises an eyebrow at the sincere tone of Cas’ voice, but he doesn’t say anything. Claire looks like she wishes she could stay silent, too, but she’s in this unfortunate position of someone who must laugh off the praise of or die reminiscing this moment of softness forever. Needless to say: the latter fits her image of herself like Sam’s shoe would fit just about everyone who happens to be a normal size human being.
He doesn’t have to wait long for a response.
Dean heaves an exaggerated gasp. Damn, Claire would sure grow up to be a hell of a fine woman one day: she has nerves for it.
“It’s like he had a switch of some sort,” Sam says. His voice is hushed but still audible and clear coming from the front seat. They’re driving back to the bunker, the three of them, Armageddon’s favorite suspects: Sammy, his brother Dean, and their guardian angel in a trench coat.
But it’s not Sam who’s hovering over Dean now, that puddle of dark matter blocking the not-view. Dean is awake, but he keeps his eyes closed - a small pleasure he sometimes allows himself to indulge in. The world is much less horrible when it’s just a short-lived light show on the back of your eyelids: red where a window should be, sunrays peeking through the thin flesh, black where someone is blocking it.
exactly he’s stuffing himself with, but, hey. He’s eaten worse in worse company.
Dean doesn’t hear the rest of it (if there is any rest to be heard in the first place). Trunk to the dashboard, the car is honey-heavy silent, the weight of it steady on his eyelids.
For a moment, Claire just stares at him, eyes wide open, mouth agape. Then, as if thinking better of it, she huffs in irritation that’s so fake it’s not even funny anymore and reaches for the next slice. She’s smart enough to avoid the one especially stoked on broccoli.
Normal people (those who have never caught bedtime fidgets) are
At the very least, he doesn’t dream about flames and the stench of burning hair anymore. Dean’s lost many people he loved since Mary, so whoever runs his subconsciousness has quite a wide variety of bad memories to choose from. Sometimes, to spice things up, there are even original works in there: B-class short horror movies Dean would rather never see again.
He catches Cas slanting him an odd look - his smile is a touch too soft for comfort, the wrinkles around his eyes a tad too relaxed. To counterbalance the chick flick factor Dean winks at him and he doesn’t even try to be discreet about it.
, Dean thinks, and just like this he can speak again.
on the radio. The singer’s voice was odd, too tinny, too gentle - at the same time, however, everything else remained the same.
It's not safe, it's not smart - it's a death wish in the making, one foot already above the cliff and the other restless to follow suit.
Besides, the sauce is awesome enough to save the day.
“Not much," Dean says. "Sleep well?”
Cas is watching him, patient like a saint, willing to wait as long as it takes Dean to find his long-lost balls and finally say something.
Sometimes, however, he just... can't. He closes his eyes and the bliss of slumber refuses to come.
“Sammy?”
Dean was purposeless there, and what was the point in sharpening the knife you could only ever use to cut sandwiches in half?
Life is just a series of equations not at all too different from high school algebra.
So he nods, already shifting in his seat so that he’s facing Cas.
You can't reach for a gun first thing after you wake up if you're a heavy sleeper, and if you can't reach for a gun first thing after you wake up, you can't protect your brother, so what's the point? Sleep is a necessity –  not a pleasure, not something you can and should put your faith in. Dean knows it better than most: the day people outsmart whatever it is in their brains that forces them rest from time to time, they'll be unstoppable. For now, though, they’ve got to make do.
Unfortunately, Dean is.
Before Dean can clarify that
“You could’ve fried the bacon in a pot.” Dean knows that he’s proving Claire’s point, but it makes her smile wider, so whatever. She can have that one. “It’s not that hard.”
“When we were younger and dad still had normal friends who picked up his calls, we’d sometimes spend a couple of weeks in their houses.” Sam’s voice has this cotton-like quality to it, one that’s more of a clear-cut sign of Dean’s fatigue than anything else. At this rate he won’t be able to listen in for much longer; it’s not true he can fall asleep in a matter of seconds, but he usually doesn’t need much more than two, three minutes. Sometimes it’s a blessing, sometimes – the most annoying quirk under the sun.
Like a busboy with no modicum of self-respect, Dean’s brain runs itself into a frenzy even after the lights are out, as if it believed that replaying other people’s deaths enough times would fix everything, starting with the way Dean’s eyelids twitch when he drinks too much caffeine, ending with gut-deep nausea that sometimes still overcomes Dean when he thinks about Dad. There are sheep less prone to running in circles than this glob of pink jello he’s housing between his ears.
He can feel this one caught Cas by surprise - a small huff of laughter bounces off Dean’s brow. Kisses were preferable, but he’s not a picky sleeper. He’ll take everything and anything Cas might want to give him.
Damn, he’s getting soft with age.
“Why, thank you, Cas. It’s always a reassurance to know Heaven approves of my ways,” Claire says. “Let’s not talk about me anymore, please, thanks. Dean? I’m going to throw you under the spotlight bus now. No excuses this time. How the hell did you fell asleep with all this shit going on around?”
“Bold of you, as the kids on the internet say these days, to assume anyone can keep track of what Claire does,” Cas says. “But she didn’t cancel the Friday dinner, so my guess is that she’s fine.”
“You spoiled me."
Dean doesn’t shift - he’s already rather comfortable here, with his shoes elsewhere occupied and Cas’ coat rolled under his head - but he sinks into the seat some more, seeking something he can’t name. It’s nice like this; warm and dark and not too quiet.
Insomnia is a luxury, an indulgence, and - ultimately, when everything else is said and done - a weakness. Dean has many of these, small and big, ones easily hidden and others impossible not to be noticed, but the perpetual inability to fall asleep would make it to the podium of Dean’s Top 13 Personal Fuck-ups. He doesn’t really like to think about that.
On the rational level, Dean is aware that it’s not a question with any sort of a hidden agenda. It’s late, Dean wasn't on a hunt and he had no real business not to go to bed. Anyone else would be drooling on their pillow by now.
Sam swallows, hard, and the sound of it is near deafening - or perhaps it’s nothing more than a bump in the road. Dean isn’t sure. It’s impossible to tell with his eyes closed, and opening them is the last thing he feels like doing right now.
Dean sighs and rolls the window down a few inches just to let some fresh air in. He can think of at least twenty worse places to pull an all-nighter in than the plush front seat of Donna’s car, but it doesn’t mean he’s not bored out of his mind. They’re in the middle of the country, with no signs of civilization in sight (the asphalt road won't count until Dean sees at least one vehicle, motor or not, swerving between the yellow lines).
Despite that, however, his arm under the trench coat is warm like a furnace.
To: Cas
“She wouldn’t tell us if she wasn’t.” Dean must be mumbling, he knows that. Nightmares have this effect on him. He wants to go back to sleep - he really does - but he's in that strange place where his head feels both like a lavender field and a barren wasteland at once. He thinks of the endless forests of the Purgatory; he thinks about djinns wandering the scorched plains, sick with gold-rimmed dreams they couldn't get rid off. “She wouldn’t— call.”
He will sleep anywhere, from a cot on the floor to a queen-sized bed in a haunted SPA resort where the sheets smell like rosewater and ectoplasm. Place and circumstances are never the problem.
Dean swallows a snort; Cas must’ve forgotten to turn off the caps lock again. It’s something he does at least twice a week, and the explanations about how it looks like he was yelling via his phone… it’s enough to say these impromptu lectures don’t affect Cas' angelic sensibilities much.
“Uh, Sam? He’s the one who fakes all your credit cards these days, so I vote to finally give him some well-deserved, ah.
It probably says something about Dean’s current state of mind that when he spots a snail crawling across the car’s hood, he almost gasps. He takes out his phone in the record time, and with minimal shuffling.
(Even though he sucks at it.)
“I thought Cas was kidding when he said you can go to sleep anywhere,” Claire says, aiming for a casual tone but unable to keep the note of curiosity out of it. Dean gives her a skeptic glance. “Come on, you know how dry his sense of humor is.”
“It’s… not that bad,” Claire says. “Would’ve been better if we fried the bacon.”
Not sure what to say, he sighs. He can’t exactly deny the obvious, can he now? He
GOOD LUCK
Lips resting on the top of Dean’s head mean that he’s safe.
“Duh,” she says, making a point of chewing with her lips open. “I wouldn’t wake you up straight away, though. You’d be getting in the way too much.”
“Not all are smitten enough, you mean? You’re both such old men. I hate you.” But she doesn’t, not really; if anything, she sounds fond. There’s also the fact that she’s taken them on this hunt – she wouldn’t do that if she didn’t trust Dean and Cas to behave. “I could barely think straight with these sirens blaring at full volume, but you somehow managed to take a whole-ass nap during this mess? Teach me your ways.”
,” Sam said at some point when they had just begun hunting together, “
, he doesn’t dare say. He’s worn thin on the edges, and a little bit out of it, sure, but not yet to that extent.
because of that - Dean believes him. That’s probably pretty stupid of him, putting so much faith in one man, but he doesn’t care. He’s not twenty anymore, he can’t go around doubting everyone and everything.
“Cas, I was thinking, after we get married, we could, uh, retire.”
It's quiet when Dean finishes speaking. Cas takes a moment to study Dean's face, the freckles below his beautiful green eyes and the relative smoothness of his complexion. Dean's cheeks are still faintly pink; the few moments between now and when his face went adorably red did nothing at all to mask how flustered he feels. Maybe Dean's had a crush on Cas the whole time they've known each other, since they met in high school and became inseparable since. Maybe being with Lisa helped him see that. He wasn't using her to sort out his struggles with his sexuality by any means. It just happened that being with her and getting his heart broken was what helped him see past the trauma that tormented his youth, all the denial of who he truly is. Sam's going to get a kick out of it when Dean finally tells him he's bisexual. They won't be as surprised to hear Cas was the one to make the first move, though. Dean didn't make a habit out of sweeping, romantic gestures; the few special dates he'd cooked up for Lisa ended up being the extent of Dean's romance skills. Rather pathetic, really, but he tries.
