Mycroft’s expression soured.  “I seem to have a selective memory regarding you on morphine.  You’re insufferable as a rule, but this is intolerable.”
“What?”  John draws back, affronted.  “Why not?”
Sherlock drops one hand to clasp John’s.  “Thank you.”
“What—”  Realization dawns.  John’s expression turns murderous.  “They put you in the river.”
Later that evening – while John is making lasagna in the kitchen and Sherlock is standing by the sitting room window, plucking notes from his violin and stringing them in the air like so many fairy lights – Rosie emerges from her bedroom.  She skulks down the stairs and peers through the doorway, eyes darting like a wary rabbit’s.  She sees Sherlock, sees that he sees her.  Drawing up to her unimpressive height, she marches into the room.
They returned to Baker Street, Sherlock barking the address with an urgency that weighed the driver’s foot down on the gas pedal.  John spent the drive staring out the window, scanning windows and rooftops for the glint of a sniper rifle catching noonday sunlight.
“Don’t worry, sir,” one EMT offers.  “Your husband will be right as rain in no time.”
“Sherlock.”
With a dozing Rosie cradled in his arms and his mind a maelstrom, John climbed the stairs to 221B.  Sherlock and Alexander were seated before the fireplace.  As he entered the sitting room, Sherlock spoke: “The cot you brought is set up in your old room.”
“Try again,” said Mary.  “Say, ‘hello, baby brother.’”
“I know.”  Sherlock’s voice rasped.  “Don’t stop.  Want to feel you to come in me.”
He’d said it himself, hadn’t he?  He invents nightmares.  And still John had been fool enough to think he was the exception.  That the nightmare wouldn’t touch him.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock stammered.  “I do.”
“Oh, hello,” John said.  He shifted so they lay face-to-face, one hand drifting down between them.  At the first brush of his fingers, Sherlock huffed in frustration – too light, not enough.
He is answered by the slosh of water in the kettle and the tinkle of cups and saucers.  Sherlock sags back against the sofa as bone-deep weariness settles over him like a heavy blanket.  Aided by ibuprofen – he would take nothing stronger – his pounding headache has subsided to a dull twinge.  Given the circumstances, he could have come off far worse.
He licks his lips; they are suddenly parched.  “Right,” he says, his voice a husk.  “Yes.”
This fic is on hiatus, but only in the sense that I have no set schedule for updates, as I am focusing on my own book right now.  Thank you for reading and understanding.  <3
“You will have to practice if you want to be proficient,” says Sherlock.
“I won’t,” says Sherlock, “so long as they don’t harass
A knock at the door.  Sherlock jumped as though he had grabbed a live wire.
“Also, it’s made from sustainable wood…”
They pause to dispense with clothing.  Stopping to watch Sherlock wrestle out of his trousers and pants, John hesitates as his eyes skate over the scar in the center of Sherlock’s chest.  “Do you really… maybe we should wait.”
Sherlock stilled.  With a few barbed words, Mycroft could expose Sherlock as one of the Liminal Children. He didn’t know how he felt about John knowing, though he
He seems so deeply weary that his voice, quiet as a breath, startles Sherlock. “Nearly forgot.  There’s a box in my briefcase.  Could you…?”
“Sherlock,” he says softly.  He leans down and settles a hand on Sherlock’s knee.  “Wake up.”
“It’s just…”  John chuckled.  “You really love that dog, don’t you?  Toby.”
“I… I see,” he said.
“Sherlock.”  John’s voice fans into his hair.  “Today was perfect.  I wouldn’t change it for anything.”
A smile of pure joy stretches across John’s face.  He lowers his head, bites his lip.  “That’s.  That’s good. Erm.”  He clears his throat and continues, voice a trifle thick.  “That’s… great.”
“Sherlock?” asked John.
“Wait,” John interjects, eyes wide, “you—you know?”
John’s face is drawn and pale, his shoulders rising and falling with ill-contained panic as the cab rattles toward Dartford.  His hands are shaking in his lap; Sherlock wants to reach across the seats, to take John’s hands in his, but he quells the urge.  This is his fault.  If he hadn’t let himself lose sight of the case, the Father Christmas Killer wouldn’t have Rosie now.
The way he says it – without a trace of condescension – sends a flutter of hope beating gauzy wings along Sherlock’s ribcage.  He nods.
“Rosie?” John calls, his voice betrayed by a faint rasp.  “Darling, it’s only us.  Me and Sherlock.”
John helps him sit on the edge of the bathtub, waiting until he’s completely steady before drawing his hands away.  The loss of contact adds a fresh, bitter gasp to Sherlock’s shivers.  “You’re shaking.”
“You,” John pants, “you want…?”
They spend a few more minutes in the loo while John trembles and grimaces, spitting a string of bile into the toilet bowl.  He takes the scrap of loo roll paper Sherlock offers, wipes his face, and gargles mouthwash before he deems himself fit to leave.  Sherlock bids him return to the bedroom and, once he’s ensured John is securely tucked in, makes another detour to the kitchen.
The following day, Sherlock got in touch with a hacker by the name of Craig Everill.  He had met Craig while investigating the robbery of a prominent security vault which – for annoying, Mycroft-related reasons – John was not allowed to immortalize on his blog.  A wealthy socialite’s antique jewelry had been stolen, and although Sherlock hadn’t given a fig about whether the woman had one less set of pearls to clutch, he
“You’re wrong, by the way,” said Sherlock tersely.
“Don’t you play the fool with me, John.  I saw the bruise.”  John blinked, absorbing the words like a physical blow.  “I know Sherlock acts like he’s above it all, like his big brain is the only thing that matters.  But that boy is all emotion.”  She gave John a reproachful look.  “You know that.”
Sherlock says nothing, but his lips twitch into a wary smile.
Well, mostly drinking.
Resigned, Sherlock flicks shut the magnifier and stands.  Beyond the ordinary –
it?  His loyalty would be gone like that.”  She snapped her fingers.  “Nothing he does is done for me.  Not really.  And if I’m going to get where I want to go, I’m going to lose him eventually.  The real question is
Sherlock’s struggles ceased and his gaze cleared.  His mouth fell open, shaping John’s name, and John tipped forward and crushed his lips down against Sherlock’s.
Years passed.  Sherlock grew up.  He went to public school and on to uni for a degree in chemistry.  He may have been able to resist the apple Eirene offered in the grove, years ago, but he could not resist the sensuous promise of the needle.  Morphine, cocaine.  Overdose, overdose, overdose.
John, you’re fantastic, and I’ll be sore for
“This was voluntary,” he said.
John’s fingers bit into pale skin as he pulled back and slammed forward, setting a punishing pace.  Each thrust affirmed the heat of Sherlock’s body and the breath in his gasps, his cries.  Each twitch and clench and clutch spoke of firing neurons, clusters lighting up in a brilliant brain like starbursts.  It was Sherlock – alive and so very, very human.
John reaches for Sherlock’s hand on the bannister.  His fingers brush the bones of his wrist, curl around to clasp it.  His eyes are dark with intent.
“Mad, the pair of you!”
“He was helping me,” Sherlock cuts in.  He is mightily relieved to hear his voice emerge cool and controlled.
“Ms. Helens,” John says, eyes wide.
John looks at him, eyes dancing.  “Oh?”
– purely for research purposes, of course.
Sherlock mumbled, eyes downcast.  Tripped over words and began to tremble like an aspen leaf.
(That being said, Sherlock is not prepared to adopt all the courtship patterns of the white-tailed deer.  He has no interest in keeping a harem; he has only one buck in mind.)
she texted back.
John listened in horror as a wet, meaty
Sherlock pulled his hand back, an excuse burning at the back of his throat. But John was quicker.  His hands darted out, seizing Sherlock’s in one and the necklace in the other.  Sherlock froze, and John lifted the necklace of rowan berries, fingertips skirting along the puckered line on his palm.  The bandages had come off days ago, and while John declared the cut to be “healing well,” Sherlock suspected he would carry this scar for the rest of his life. Fairies were uncompromising like that.
All of these details were lost on Sherlock in an instant.  He saw only three things.  The first was Mr. Garrideb, huddled on a stool behind a work bench with his head in his hands.  The second was Alexander Grant, who stood opposite of Sherlock.  His broad shoulders were bunched, his feet apart as if ready to dash, leg be damned.  He looked ready for a fight.
Sherlock took the proffered apple, but as they walked, he let it drop from his hand to lie, abandoned, on the ground.  Eirene was oblivious; her jet-black eyes were fixed on the path before them, shining with pride each time she stopped Sherlock to show him a new wonder.  Mushrooms as large as trees, parasols blotting out the sunlight; toads the size of oxen lumbering through the undergrowth; flowers whose petals formed delicate cups, capturing water from the rivulets of broken streams.  Eirene bent and picked one of the flowers, taking a delicate sip and sighing.
He musters every scrap of rage he has built during their argument and bellows, “Maybe I will!”
I… love you.  I’ve loved you for years, John.”  Now the words are pouring from him like water shouldering out of a broken dam.  “I love you, I have loved you, so much.  So much, John.  I think I might have loved you on that very first day, when Mike Stamford brought you to Bart’s—”
He needn’t have bothered.  The door slammed shut, followed by John’s tread down the stairs.  Peevish, Sherlock unfolded into a stand, loped over to the table by the windows, and picked up his bow.  He dragged the window open and serenaded John’s retreat down the pavement with a screeching rendition of
“John.”  Sherlock’s tone is edgy.  “If you aren’t…”
Sherlock wavered, poised on a knife’s edge between two impulses.  If John abandoned his responsibilities to come along, they might have the thrill of dashing after criminals together.  Just like old times.  If he chased John away, he could spare John and his own frail heart from danger in a single stroke.
a baby if they… if they were like Mary.”
Sherlock stares at her, utterly shocked.  Beyond her capacity as a forensic expert, Molly has never shown a special aptitude for deduction.  Even when she was standing in for John, she was a mediocre substitute at best.  Perhaps Sherlock had misjudged her.  Perhaps Molly is far cleverer than he ever gave her credit for, hiding a sharp deductive intellect behind a guileless gaze.
Sherlock shifts closer and noses at the nape of John’s neck.  The smell of sweat is faint, masked by traces of cologne and the lilac body wash John swears reduces stress.  He presses his lips to a jut of vertebrae –
The sea slug (
John wondered with a jab of envy.  The next second, shame was washing over him.
“Looks like abduction and attempted rape to me,” Bradstreet remarks.
“Bit weird, that’s all,” John mumbles, turning onto his side and closing his eyes. “Watching me sleep.  Flatmates don’t normally do that.”
crap.”
Sherlock twisted in his chair, frowning at the mazikeen.  “And give you and Lestrade ammunition to humiliate me? I think not.”
“Swear to it.”
“Jesus Christ,” John hisses.
The door clicked shut behind John as he stepped into the entryway.  The stairwell to 221B stood before him, limned by a bar of sunlight shining through the window on the first landing.  Dust motes drifted down to the ground floor.
I'm Zingiberis on Tumblr.
A withered voice rasped in the dark.  “…looking for a friend of yours, Mr. Holmes.”
But Sherlock is just shy of drunk and, by that metric, leagues away from the realm of reason.  His arm pulls back of its own accord, fingers curling into a fist.  Fury snaps down muscle and bone as he throws the punch, aiming squarely for the drunk’s ruddy, pock-marked face.
John’s hands flutter to Sherlock’s sides without his permission.  The urge to touch itches through his fingers, to stroke and caress and keep.
“Yeah. Bits and pieces, that’s all I’ve got. Shadows.”  A shadow darkened his expression, as if summoned by his words.  “That’s all.”
”  Sherlock was torn between mortification and amusement.
“Well,” said Alexander.  “This is a dive, isn’t it?”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow at her, but dutifully writes down
with children.  Already Rosie has clued into the fact that her father is not, after all, omnipotent.  She hasn’t worked out that she’s leaving a literal trail of breadcrumbs for John to follow, but she’ll get there in no time.
On the day after Christmas, Sherlock finds the charcoal Merino wool socks askew.
“Gorgeous,” John says, smearing a kiss against Sherlock’s neck.  “God, you’re so beautiful.  I could watch you like that and—and never get tired of it,
” John hissed.  “Oh, Sherlock,
Sherlock’s hand slid from John’s shoulder.  The detective padded toward his room, dressing gown whispering around his frame.  He looked as if he was made of smoke, too frail to cling to reality on his own.  John imagined a terrible wind ripping through Sherlock, guttering him out, carrying him away for good.  He stared into the dregs of his tea and waited until Sherlock’s bedroom door closed with a soft click.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” John said.  Leaving the door ajar, he returned to the sofa and took a seat beside Sherlock.  With a smile that did not reach his eyes, John said, “Any reason for the social call, Mycroft?”
The second is that, despite himself, Sherlock has grown rather fond of Rosie.  If he gets John a gift, he has to get one for Rosie as well.  It’s only fair.  Children are notoriously obsessed with
A snowdrop.”
– and diverted him for a time.
“No, no,” replied Sherlock.  “Even high, I can assure you I’m far cleverer than the majority of people in London.  You won’t find a
TW for foul language in this chapter.
Standing beside the corpse, Donovan wrinkles her nose.  “
“Yep.”  Craig turned the laptop back around, tapped at the keys, and turned it again.  A wall of code was presented to the trio, none of which John found remotely comprehensible.  The hacker pointed to a line near the bottom of the text.  “The funds were being rerouted to a bank in Norway, which were then being transferred to London.  Here’s the address.  Flat in Peckham.”
“Ah,” Alexander said, “I’m so sorry.  It’s been a while, hasn’t it?  What, a month?  Month and a half?”
“O-only if you want,” John says, hips stuttering, pressing his cock against Sherlock’s palm.
“Sherlock?”
“This world is very lovely, is it not, sweetling?” said Eirene as she resumed her seat, tugging Sherlock to sit beside her.
“Never.”
John rests his cheek against the toilet seat, panting.  “I… I may be a little peaky.”
John glanced up and found Sherlock watching him with a sad, soft look.  He stood and swept around his chair, striding into the kitchen.  His teacup and saucer rattled together as he set them in the sink.
Lungs burning, panic worming into his mind, Sherlock wriggles in his bonds.  Every passing moment in the cold water saps the strength from his muscles, but an instinctual drive has possessed him, desperate for air, for
They sit for a time in silence, watching the swans glide across the Serpentine.  They are resident swans, never migrating, always at home in London.  Together for life, a pair as immutable as the city itself.
Sherlock makes a questioning sound – not a proper word, but clear enough.
They paid the fare and bade the cabbie to wait.  As he jumped onto the street, Sherlock called on a reckless impulse, “Come along, First Mate Watson.”
“Yessssss,” Sherlock slurs.  The bartender makes a renewed struggle and John, looking bored, twitches his hand around his wrist.  The bartender subsides with a moan and Sherlock can’t help it, really he can’t – he giggles.
Joe shook his head and leaned forward, covering his face with his hands. “I… I destroyed it.”
“Yes.  They absolutely love it.  Now, up you get.”
Sherlock purses his lips.  “What.”
“Hmm.”  Sherlock dragged his fingers through the mess on his stomach -
“Hmm.”  John nudged Sherlock’s arm with his elbow.  “Yeah.  Not many people willing to be kidnapped by Chinese fairy circuses.”
“Like a startled penguin…”
he thinks.
“You’re proposing giving Rosie an entirely new identity,” John surmised.
“Fine,” Sherlock croaks, though he isn’t entirely sure.  His gaze searches the fence, confirming what he suspected: Father Christmas has escaped.  Again.
“That was kind of them,” said Mrs. Hudson.  “Right here, dear.”
“Fine,” Sherlock snipes, and writes
“He is,” said Sherlock, quietly.  He turned the memory stick and peered at the words, as if searching for clues between the black letters.  “Flesh and bone will rot, but gigabytes last forever.”  He shrugged.  “Or, rather, as long as the device they’re saved on exists.”
“Tipsy?”
“But…”  Mary’s hand fell upon his free one, fingers tightening around the back of his palm.  “Look at her.  Look at what we made.”
happy for you, you know.  I know you’ve loved him for such a long time.”
Mary hums and readjusts her stole.  “He was fiddling with his books, on the shelf, you know.  And he turned and looked at you.  It was like he’d never seen you before, and he was surprised.”  Her smirk widens.  “Wasn’t a quick glance, either.  He watched you for several minutes.  I almost felt bad, waking you to take you home.”
They sit like that for a time, holding hands and watching over their sleeping charge, and Sherlock thinks, with a twinge of longing, that he wants this night to simply… pause, so he can preserve and treasure it like a delicate creature in amber.  He wants this night, this moment, to last forever: just him, John, and Rosie, safe and warm with hands clasped at 221B Baker Street.
“There isn’t enough…”  Mycroft trailed off, blinking dazedly, and whispered, “…time.”  His look wasn’t impassive, John realized.  It was resigned.  “Promise…”
Alexander did not look remotely as chastened as John would have liked.  “I won’t dictate what a man does with his time.  I’m not his mum.  It hasn’t interfered with him helping on my case yet, so I assume he has it under control.”
It takes him a second to realize what he’s seeing – shadowy fractals dance in the torchlight as the objects suspended above them sway and twist as if caught in a gentle breeze.  Squares hanging from strings – glass?  No.  Torchlight slides over one of the squares as it turns on its corner in a slow pirouette.  The surface is glossy, a picture coming into view: a photograph.
Sherlock picked up the second bottle and upended it.  Held the pill up to the light.
“She works for the Met.  I hadn’t deduced that she’s in forensics, though in my defense, I was preoccupied with the vomiting.”
Sherlock clamped his teeth on a reflexive reply:
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock snaps.  “That’s all very illuminating.”
“Mr. Wilkes,” says John, his tone arctic, “it was a pleasure seeing you, but Sherlock and I are out for a special occasion, so if you could…”
John reaches into the shopping bags and draws out a bottle of cabernet.  Walking to Sherlock’s side, he pulls open a drawer and roots around for the corkscrew.  “Think a dry red pairs well with eggy bread?”
“Bit rich, coming from you,” she retorted.
“It’s obviously dinner. Coconut lentil curry, to be precise.”
“No,” said Molly, “you really don’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, he thinks, firmly.
“Bossy, aren’t you?”  John’s smile grows a touch brittle.
“Come out, come out, wherever you are,” he mutters, and tips the canister. Kerosene glugs across the floorboards in a stinking stream.  When the canister is empty, Sherlock sets it aside and takes a few steps back.  He flips the switch on the lighter and tosses it to the floor.
“Where did it go?”
“Rosie,” he says, strangled.
“We’ll have to clean up today,” John remarks, in the casual, no-nonsense tone of a man who will abide no indolence.  Sherlock remembers the worth of manners and stuffs a forkful of scrambled eggs into his mouth with a nod.
Sherlock’s fingers curl over the porcelain enamel lip of the tub.  “About you saving me?  I certainly won’t disagree.”
“The candy cane stabbing.  There’s been another… ‘nother bloody
“No,” Sherlock interjects.  “No, it’s… fine.”
“You should, you know,” Sherlock called.  “Sherlock Holmes is nothing like him.”
“Don’t be,” said John.  “She’s an addict.  She knows how to charm people.”
“It will be difficult.”
“Let’s get out of here,” said John.  “You look like—”
“I merely observed,” said Sherlock.  Better to nip this in the bud than let slip that he was one of the Liminal Children.  They were an aberration, a quirky footnote in the history books. John might take the news in stride, but Sebastian would be insufferable about it.  “With the Science of Deduction.”
Sherlock’s throat clots.  Good Lord, the pain meds really are out of control.  He clears his throat, searches for a scrap of dignity.  Can’t seem to find it.
“Did you two have a row?” Alexander asked.
Mary’s lips move, forming words but making no sound.  Sherlock remembers what she says.  He doesn’t think he’ll ever forget.
Mrs. Hudson’s expression goes slack.  “Oh.”
“Our father was the start of it,” Ms. Helens says.  “But he had a long time to work on Catherine and Peter.  By the time I came along, he was very ill – too weak to do to me what he’d done to them, but he had… other ways.”
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock groused.  “You’ve made your point.”
“I take it your new girlfriend is younger than you,” Sherlock says.  He doesn’t mean for it to sound cutting, but it slices through the air like shards of glass.
But John knows better than to believe in miracles.  The universe is rarely so lazy.
“The sitter.”  John’s thumbs moved with painstaking slowness across the screen.  “I thought I’d be back sooner, and she’s got schoolwork.  She’s anxious to get to it.”
“Rosie,” says John, “why don’t you go to the sitting room?  I think Father Christmas left some gifts in your stocking.”
John sat back on his heels, hands fisted on his thighs.  His gaze turned inward, focused on a dark memory. Focused on shadows.  “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Silence falls over them, but it’s a warm, companionable silence – a new dimension of the space between them, tenuously explored.  Sherlock clings to John’s hands, anchoring himself as his nerves settle.  John understands.
I'm Zingiberis on Tumblr.
He took the mobile, deductions tumbling through his mind. Scuff marks around the edge of the power connection.  Drunk, shaking hands.  A cousin—no, a brother.  Obvious.
Sherlock slumps to his knees, feeling his gorge rise.  Gasping, he glares at the killer, but his vision is spinning—Father Christmas spirals in a distorted tilt-a-whirl before him.  He might be laughing in that high, whistling way, but Sherlock can’t tell – can’t hear over the drum of his pulse in his ears.  His stomach clenches and he doubles onto hands and knees, retching on the freezing floor.  He can do nothing but curl into himself and seek a kind of base, fetal reprieve.
The week unraveled in defiance of the normal passage of time.  John felt as if he and Sherlock were on a raft, borne along a river with no map to guide them.  Sometimes, the current dragged them through rapids, churning and chopping and threatening to throw them into the depths; other times, it was little more than a trickle.
“What?”
It wasn’t your fault, it—”
“But you saw me having a nightmare.  Presumably during my REM cycle, yeah?”
“You lost an entire afternoon,” Mycroft said.  “You truly don’t remember?”
John leads Sherlock to the sofa and sits him down.  “Wait here.”  With that, he disappears into the kitchen, sock-clad feed soundless against the tile.  Sherlock lists forward and rests his elbows on his knees.  Bites his lip.
“No.  Molly and Greg agreed to look after her until I’m… more adjusted.”
appreciate necrophilia.  Or any of the other atrocities the penguins are known to commit.
Sherlock flushes.  He understands John’s point and agrees, but that doesn’t stop the frustrated pangs of a missed opportunity.  “Right.”
Heads turn.  Greg pinches the bridge of his nose.  “Fuck’s sake…”
“I’m not budging on this, Sherlock,” says John.  “If they don’t want to publish, that’s fine.  We can give back the advance.  Hell, we could probably sell a few copies online.  To fans.”  He shrugs. “I’ll feel a bit bad for Pepper, but in the end, it’s only a book.  Whether it gets published or not, we’ll get on with it.”
I'm Zingiberis on Tumblr.
Sherlock lifts his hips obligingly, wincing as his prick springs free.  It’s almost ridiculous, how eager he is.  But John is nothing like amused.  His eyes are intent as he tosses the pants aside and lowers his body to cover Sherlock’s.  They move together, slipping once more into that rhythm with the ease of breathing.
“Er,” said Sherlock.
“Rosie,” John said, catching a wayward foot, “hold still.  Come on, darling, you know how this goes.”
John Watson, as far as Sherlock could tell, was nothing like a redcap.
Sherlock shoots him a scowl.  “What is that supposed to mean?”
“What’s her name?” he forces out.  If he’s truly done meddling, he’ll let this woman have a name and a face.
“Sher—mm.”  John crossed his arms to disguise his shaking hands.  He licked his lips.  Sherlock’s eyes darted to his mouth and away.  “So.  I don’t see or hear from you in a bloody month and this—this is what you’ve been doing?”
Sherlock barely has time to react before a massive shape disengages from the shadows and barrels toward them with the relentless, hulking destruction of a runaway train.  John pivots, eyes wide, and the huge figure raises a fist above its head, bringing it down in a hammer strike.  John trips aside, avoiding having his head caved in, but the blow meets his shoulder and knocks him down with a bitten-off cry of pain.  The massive figure looms over him.
The drive from St. Mary’s Hospital to Baker Street was a short one, but John couldn’t divert himself long enough to stop the nerves jangling beneath his skin, the stress curdling in his stomach.  He shifted in his seat and pain clawed at his side; he dug in his pocket for the bottle of oxycodone he’d been prescribed.  He stared at the label, debating whether or not to wait.  Did Sherlock keep drinks at the flat – whisky, wine?
The five days after that were charged with a tension like electricity, as if a thunderstorm was rolling over the land with drowning rains and scorching lightning, decimating everything in its path.  If Sherlock couldn’t find Lucy – if he
“I don’t care about the guests.”  Sherlock leans closer still, drops his voice to a timbre that has coaxed John into bed countless times before.  “I care about getting you on your own.  Getting you out of those trousers.”
Westie shouldn’t have bothered with a mongrel like her—”
Sherlock stood and followed him to the threshold of the flat.  “Then perhaps you should start getting
John says nothing.  It seems wrong that Sherlock should come over shy after years of parading around the flat in bath towels and sheets.  But that logic does little to cool the flush he feels climbing to his face.
"At least there's that," John concludes, later, as they walk down the street.  His hand is tucked into the crook of Sherlock's braced arm, gentle but tethering.
“You aren’t—you aren’t hurt, are you?  Physically, I mean.”
Mycroft continued as if he hadn’t heard him.  “If you insist on keeping it up, I’ll find whoever is supplying you and see they never work in London again.  Don’t think that I won’t.  I’ve become adept at uprooting weeds.”
He hummed, drumming his fingers on the windowsill, remembering the feeling of sticky, clotting warmth on his palms.  Under his fingernails.  A smile stretched his mouth.
“He’s off his tits on something,” Lestrade said.  “He’s manic, running around the scene shouting deductions, not all of them about the case – poor Hopkins looks like she’s going to faint,
It would never be all right.  Mycroft might have been an entitled bastard, but he had been Sherlock’s brother.  And now he was dead.  The grief of his loss couldn’t be taken away – but, given time, it could be carried.
Rosie nods again, disinterested in semantics.  “She’s
They hailed a cab to take them back to Baker Street.  John said nothingthroughout the ride, staring out the window with a distant expression.  Sherlock stole glances every few minutes, tempted to break the hush, but he had no notion of what to say.  He didn’t know why he felt compelled to talk at all.  The noxious, twisting feeling had only intensified: a congealing sludge of guilt and anger and so much more.  It pushed words into Sherlock’s mouth, perched them on his tongue.
But now – after almost two years of loving John, of sharing his bed, and after a week of sprinting to save a girl’s life, only to stumble and fall – Sherlock can’t find it in himself to be cross.  He’s too tired and too miserable.  He lifts the spoon with trembling fingers, dips it into the bowl.  Chicken noodle – simple, light, and comforting.
“Nor would he,” says Sherlock.  “But I am.”
In the grey light of morning, London is blanketed by thick fog that clings to pavement and roils off the Thames.  City bustle is softened into ghost figures, the muted rumble of engines, and the orange halos of streetlamps.  People emerge from the mist and vanish back into it, sweeping out of sight in the space of a breath.
“Yeah,” says Rosie.  She looks down at her feet.  The socks she wears are plush and woolen, scalloped with a Fair Isle pattern.  Sherlock bought them for her months ago, when autumn first gave way to the bite of winter.  She looks back at Sherlock.  “You and Daddy saved me.”
The journey to Baker Street passed in silence.  Alexander stared intently out the window, fingers balled into fists on his lap.  Neon lights of lamps and shop fronts sailed across the darkened glass and illuminated the hollows of his face.  He looked… weary.  Stretched thin.
“I’ll put the kettle on,” Mrs. Hudson announces, and bustles into the kitchen.
and taking
“We closed off the area,” Anderson announced.  His words were rushed, his posture ramrod-straight.  “You can go right up.  We’ve already done our initial forensic workup, which you’ve seen, but we can revise if—
“I—I stole from them,” she stammered, her composure in tatters.  “Stole a haul from the general, Shan.”
“You’ve never asked for my opinion on…”  He waves at John, encompassing the trousers, the jewel-tone shirt, the hair.
Sherlock hobbles up the stairs with one hand clutching the bannister.  John follows.  When his hand slides on the bannister, he notes a brownish-red crust beneath his fingernails.  His heart lurches – just that moment, just that lurch.  Then the rhythm is restored.  He is a metronome of denial.
Sherlock clambered upright and scanned the scene.  General Shan was gone, the remaining peaches gone with her.  Sarah was still bound to her chair, tears streaming down her face, her whimpers muffled by the gag.  The crossbow lay in a jumble of broken wood. Next to it, John was on his side, still bound but looking immensely relieved.
John cocks his head.  “Wearing that to meet my agent, are we?”
It’s too late for Sherlock to backpedal, so he decides to lie—until he glances at John again.  A blush is creeping over John’s face, and the look in his eyes has shifted from mortification to… something else.  Something like hunger.
“Even Lestrade has his little bursts of brilliance,” says Sherlock.  “Though clearly it ended with recommending my counsel, because he’s failed to find your brother so far.”
of finality.  John shoves one hand under his pillow as the other smooths over his belly, drifting lower.  Anticipating.
The words died on his lips.  Agony stitched across Su Lin’s face as she lifted one arm, revealing a dark stain of blood blooming on her abdomen.  Setting aside his mobile so its light shone upward, blazing against the bottom of the tabletop, Sherlock shuffled closer.
Eventually, John had stopped going.  He could take a hint, and he was beginning to feel like he was bullying Mrs. Hudson, whose eyes took on a telltale sheen before he could even ask the question.  With every passing day, the chasm between him and Sherlock yawned wider, deeper.  John could see no way to cross, especially if Sherlock didn’t want him by his side.
“Really,” said John.  His smile had vanished, yielding to the flat mask that never failed to precede an outburst, like clouds darkening before a storm.  Glowering, he began, “I’m taking Rosie—”
They lapse into silence again as the film plays on.  Scrooge learns the error of his ways and reforms, claiming the whole of humanity as his family and sharing his wealth with all.  It all strikes Sherlock as very trite and simplistic, but then, he never had much of a head for literature.   John would adore this nonsense.
John cocks his head and studies him for a moment.  Then, chewing on his lip, he says, “I’ve really got to go.  Don’t while away the whole day in bed, all right?  Not without me.”  A cheeky smirk.  Sherlock utters a breathy chuckle, and John appears relieved.  With a parting smile, he turns, closing the door behind him.  His footsteps fade into the distance, heralding his call to Rosie.  A scuffle of coats being zipped and boots being laced.
Jim wanted to hurt Sherlock, so he made friends with Sherlock's friends, clients, associates, and when the time came, Jim spun his web and trapped them all. Of course, Jim always had his own ambitions, and he could’ve done all this without Sherlock's connections, but life was so much better when the game was being played.
Mike was out and the two of them were sitting at the kitchen table over cuppas and bantering.
That wasn't all. John had developed flu-like symptoms: fever, chills, a cough, congestion, muscle aches and nausea.
Sherlock paced, running the tremoring fingers of his free hand through his curls. “John's dying. I took another blood sample because he wasn't- he wasn't growing like he should, so I drew another blood sample. All of his cells are undergoing necrosis, self-destructing. He doesn't have long, Mycroft, send one of your lackeys - whatever you have to do.”
“Ah,” said Sherlock, putting the cigarette to his lips and allowing the smoke to settle on his tongue, then seep down into his lungs. He exhaled, blowing the smoke to the side.
John closed his eyes and allowed himself to drift away, surrendered to the knowledge that even in sleep, he would find no refuge.
John and Sherlock share a heated encounter, and John must come to a decision.
"Very good, John," Sherlock praised, his tone rough and ragged as he began to move with gentle, unhurried thrusts, allowing John's body time to acclimate to the breach. "You've exceeded all of my expectations." Sherlock whispered his acclaim in John's ears, carding a hand through the fine hairs on John's nape.
In the window, Sherlock stood with a fag dangled between his fingers, smoke swirling into his mystifying eyes. He was pensive as he peered down at John, a beautiful, lonely figure back-dropped in darkness. Sherlock nodded once, slowly, and then disappeared behind the curtain.
John had been so trapped in his own thoughts, caught up in the thrill of excitement, that he hadn't bothered to track Sherlock when he'd suddenly veered off course and out of sight. He stopped, panting, as he surveyed the unfamiliar area he'd blindly followed Sherlock to, chastising himself for taking his eyes off of the unpredictable alpha. John knew instinctively that a predator was nearby, stalking him, watching him through the thick veil of underbrush on him, following his progress across the clearing as he stepped lightly, leaves crunching loudly underfoot. He hoped to God it was Sherlock, because at the moment, he was just as much a prey as he was the hunter.
John swallowed, more nervous now that it was almost time to meet the notorious Sherlock Holmes. "Um, water please, if you have it."
John pulls his threadbare coat tighter around his body, in the meantime, getting a whiff of his own sour scent. Unless he got to a loo to wash up, he wouldn't be getting any business that night. Thankfully, he's not far from a place where the shopkeeper is a kindly woman who has a penchant for indulging the young strays.
Jasper swept into the room looking decidedly more comfortable in a plain grey top and checked pyjama bottoms. "God, I feel like I haven't eaten in days. Do we have anything to nosh on?"
John obeyed silently and spread his legs, pushing his pelvis forward and curling his toes into the carpet. His hooded eyes were bleary,pupils large and round, eclipsing the blue of his irises with dark discs as he returned the stare. The blush on John’s cheeks hadn’t faded and remnants of lipstick made his lips appear bright and swollen.
“I liked having them inside me,” John said shakily. He’d never said as much aloud, but most men in the army didn't like to talk before sex. Most that John found himself with were too prideful to bottom for John. Those were the men that closed their eyes and dreamed of being with women while fucking a man. Often, they had wives and girlfriends back home. “I liked being inside them, too.”
Sherlock put everything to rights and returned the mostly empty box back to the sock drawer, making sure it was hidden before he closed the drawer and left the room.
Mycroft placed his hands in his lap and looked down at them briefly before catching Jasper’s eyes again. “I offered him a place in the RAMC, and now he has accepted.”
"Do you often form companionships with women you've had previous emotional entanglements with?" Holmes eyed him closely, narrowed gaze flitting over his face for tiny tells that John was sure he could read just as easily as if he were speaking his thoughts aloud.
It's a shame to leave John in such a state, but he knows that Molly will call for help, and Sherlock cannot be there when it comes.
Mike took a draw from his pint as well, before settling back into the bench, a genial smile aimed at John. "So," he started, and John immediately knew this conversation wasn't going to be a good one. Nothing good ever came from an inquisitive Mike. "Now that you're the envy of everyone in the med student community, mind telling me how the new job is coming?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Darting sharply to the left, John's sharp eyes could see a break in the trees. There; a house in the distance, lights, maybe a safe haven for him. John had never gone this deep into the woods before; his pack had dwelt on the outskirt of the forest, closer to the main road, which he thoroughly regretted now. Trying to cohabitate with humans had gotten his mates slaughtered. John lifted his nose to the air and scented, looking for danger he knew lurked around every corner. He could smell another one of his kind. Not good, he thought to himself, that was not good at all. If he was encroaching on someone's territory, they were likely to rip his throat out before the hunters ever got to him; John just didn't know which death would be a better mercy.
He leaned forward to ghost his lips across John’s, then retreated down to his throat, where his mouth settled comfortably. “You see, I’ve been watching you strut round in these,” Sherlock ran a hand up the line of the garter and snapped it. John delighted in the slight sting of it striking his skin. “...all day, and all I can think about is pushing you over a table and pulling those little knickers aside.”
John looked past Lestrade and to the door again, feeling a bit more wary the closer it came time to meet the rest of the wolves.
"Good," Jasper said softly, before throwing himself towards John and wrapping him in an embrace. The blond stumbled slightly with the force of his friend's weight slamming into him, but recovered quickly and found himself hugging Jasper back with just as much force.
"If you haven't already observed, I've added a few additions to our room," said Sherlock, flapping a hand casually towards the room. John tried not show how much his heart soared at the word 'our', but the pleasure was a warm, nestling thing in his gut.
John nodded and Irene walked out of the room, shutting the door behind herself.
John put the phone down and squeezed his eyes shut, wondering what he thought he was doing speaking with Sherlock like this. The cabaret was his life. In the years he’d been performing, he’d had flings here and there with men and women alike, even memorable ones, but they’d all been temporary. The lifestyle John lived wasn’t conducive to any kind of long-lasting relationship. As it was, he barely had time for himself. What good would it do to become involved in something he wouldn't be able to pay his attention to?
Puppy’s face crumbled in the most glorious way, and Jim didn't squash the giddy snicker that tumbled past his lips. “Don't be too torn up over it, Puppy,” Jim smiled, “I asked for it, and Sherly and I, as fucked up as we are, it worked for both of us, you know?”
Sherlock had shoved a devastating hand under his shirt, brushing his fingers over the fine hairs on John's chest, circling his nipples until John was pleading for more.
Sod it all.
John just shrugged, even though Sherlock couldn't see him, boneless and tired after his climax.
The question conjured up a few narrow-eyed, furtive glances his way, and across the room, he could see Lestrade's back straighten in anticipation of Sherlock's decision.
John thought, peering down the length of his body. He was pressed hard and throbbing against his pants.
John shrugged and nodded to her to lead the way, wondering if Holmes could possibly be that bad.
For the first time since knowing him, John could see that Sherlock was unsure underneath all that feigned passivity. He'd revealed his motives and made himself vulnerable. If John didn't agree, he would still know Sherlock's secret, and John supposed that could be the most unsettling thing of all for Sherlock.
He stopped at a building that towered high above the rest, easily between thirty and thirty-five floors; a large steel, modernistic structure that appeared as sleek as it did imposing. At the very top, the words Holmes Pharmaceuticals stood out in bold white letters, leaving no doubt as to where John had arrived.
Honestly, for a genius, Sherlock could be ridiculously slow on the uptake.
The sobs were mercifully drowned out by the pelting water. He closed his eyes and Bill was there, shaking his head in disappointment, and then he was walking away from John; then he was looking up at him with lifeless brown eyes.
She nodded, then tilted her head as she listened. John assumed there was an answer on the other end as she began speaking lowly into the receiver. The conversation was brief, and shortly after, John was directed towards a row of lifts to the left of the desk.
Jasper shifted in his chair, visibly flummoxed by the information, and his jaw worked several times to form around words he couldn't bring himself to say.
"Oh, God, yes."
John followed behind Sherlock, Molly, and Lestrade as they darted through the trees opposite the direction of the other three. Sherlock was a challenge to keep up with as he darted around trees and leaped over small streams, enormous paws kicking up clouds of dirt and mud. The man was intractable as a wolf, running almost as if he were trying to shake them off of his tail.
John was unable to control himself any long, his light chuckle progressing into an embarrassing giggle. "Sherlock jumping down on him like some great bloody bird!"
“Now that you're ready, give it to me. Just give me that hot, sweet, sexy loving.”
John should have seen it coming, but Sherlock's advance stumped him anyway.
One minimal push and John was willingly falling back on the bed and Sherlock with him, refusing to allow him even a moment's respite.
“You are,” Sherlock insisted. His hand came up to cup the side of John’s neck in a large palm, forcing John to tilt his jaw up as his thumb pressed lightly over John’s carotid artery. “I can see your pulse racing from where I’m standing."
The actions of the hunters led Sherlock to imagine a hateful man, yet the writing was that of an open person; Sherlock would even go so far as to say friendly. However, going by what little evidence he had would be a fatal mistake. Sherlock would need something more. He had a feeling that the nursery rhyme was only the first clue of many. He would be remiss in thinking that this person wouldn't find a way to get the next one to him, somehow.
Lady Grey’s lips stopped moving, and the track played, but neither of them were paying attention to it anymore. “Oh baby for all it's worth, I swear I'll be the first to blow your mind.”
John chuckled lightly, hearing Jasper's outraged protest. "Well that's unfair," he spluttered indignantly, "not everyone can be a posh git like you!"
Sarah shot John a bewildered look and scrambled to sit up straighter in her seat. "Holmes, your new employer? Have I got that right?"
This was John wanting to hear his voice, to be praised and wanted; commanded, and Sherlock was obliged to oblige him.
John grinned, feeling his heart swell in his chest. This is not the man he had heard such awful things about; where was all the vitriol and filth he liked to dole out to anyone he came into contact with? "So, you don't make it a habit of sleeping with all of your son's friends?" John had been ribbing him of course, but he was curious to know.
Suddenly, she surged forward, followed by the sharp clap of her palm against his cheek.
John made his was to the closed door and tried the handle. It opened up into an empty bathroom. Breathing a sigh of relief, he stepped into the room and relieved himself, feeling the tension seep out if his shoulders and back. It felt good to be away from home for once. The atmosphere was so smothering. His mum was almost always high on something and Harry was out all hours of the night, drinking and getting into God knows what. John's worst fear was that they would receive a call about Harry, dead in some ditch, strangled from her own vomit.
“What the fuck do you want,” Puppy snarled, and Jim just
Mrs. Hudson tsked and made her way to the door, turning back as she reached the threshold. "It was a pleasure to meet you, young man," she said kindly to John, and then to Sherlock, "Be a gentleman and make your young man a nice, warm cup of tea." She lowers her voice to a stage whisper on the next words, and John could see a struggle of epic proportions on Sherlock's end not to roll his eyes. "He looks like he's had a rough time of it, what, with all the noise the night before. Remember, dear, these walls aren't as thick as you'd like to think. The volume on my telly can only go up so much, you see."
"I wanted to blindfold you, but I thought you might want to see what I see while I'm having my way with you," said Sherlock in a voice as svelte as velvet, the most erotic thing John could ever remember hearing, turning him inside out. "You'll forgive me if I... seem a bit slovenly this time. I've never had you like this." Sherlock came to stand between John's spread legs and trailed a hand from sternum to groin, coasting over the planes of John's stomach with restrained possessiveness. Sherlock licked his lips and flicked his eyes up to meet John's, pure liquid and fire, though unwavering, and John tipped his head back and groaned quietly.
John is running from a vicious gang of hunters, but encounters something more terrifying along the way.
John was confused, and dazed by Sherlock's proximity and passionate ranting. What was he to say to it all?
John smiled tightly at his over-enthused flatmate. "It was like pulling teeth."
Sherlock held out a hand to help him stand, but John ignored it with an apologetic smile and dusted off his trousers. Carefully, he bent to pick up his cane where it had slipped down the table and clattered to the floor.
John met his eyes, swallowing.
"Remain calm and I will let you up, then we will talk about this."
“I was once where you are,” Jim said, somewhat wistfully, because he really did miss the wild sessions. When Puppy started to protest, Jim nodded emphatically. “Oh yes, and do you know, you have the worst of them
“If you hurt him again, I will be your very worst nightmare.”
"Not your maid," John reminded the older man, holding up a finger in a matter-of-fact fashion, before allowing it to fall lazily back onto the bed.
Sherlock was stretched out on the couch, eyes closed and completely cut off from the world around him. Usually the man was restless and a constant spot of energy in the room, but now he was lethargic and lackadaisical. The fight seemed to have calmed the frustration John could just see snowballing in the man, growing larger and larger the more time they spent squatting in the old cabin like sitting ducks, waiting for the hunters to make the first move.
“You utter cock- you planned this?”
John's breath was sweet against his face, and Sherlock watched as those eyes burned a trail down Sherlock's body, heated and more telling than any words the man could say. Sherlock ran his hands up John's shoulders and up, up, up into a crown of golden strands and clenched. Slowly, Sherlock began to undulate his hips over John's erection, rendering himself breathless at the tortuous friction. John's hands were at his hips, guiding them as his lips played succulently at junction of his jaw and neck.
"I...I can't decide yet. I need time," John stated, keeping his eyes downcast at his hands, wringing nervously in his lap.
! I don't need you to save me, John. I'm
There was Sherlock Holmes' take on their relationship in a nutshell. An arrangement.
"Sod off," John chuckled, pulling the blazer on, before taking the shoes back to his bed, where he sat to put them on. The blazer wasn't too tight around his arms, and allowed room for him to move without feeling constricted. Surprisingly, the whole get up was quite comfortable. The boots were a nice finishing touch, and John found himself eager to see how it all came together.
“John, as lovely and brilliant as I find your Lady Grey to be, it’s you that I’d planned on being with tonight.”
where you can follow me. I post update statuses and, occasionally, excerpts (also top!Sherlock-y stuff*). So if that's your thing, come meet me!
Follow me on
A tiny, crooked smile hovered near the corners of Sherlock's lips as he looked forward again. “You're an odd creature.”
As if John had read his thoughts, John lifted his head and peered down at Sherlock with a boyish, silly smile that he was helpless to return. "What?"
"Hey dad," he waved lazily, though John didn't miss the spark of excitement in his eyes. "How goes the new case?"
At his dressing room, he turned to Sherlock, grinning as he opened the door behind him. The man crowded him back into the room, already sliding off his coat.
Sherlock's fingers were embedded in his arse, growing tighter as John groaned louder and louder, attempting to stave off an impending orgasm, but Sherlock lips were a godsend, and those beautiful eyes were watching John, now. It felt impossible to keep himself from coming when all of Sherlock's unwavering attention was on him, red lips pulling off the head of John's cock right at the precipice. Somehow, he managed it, but it was just as well that Sherlock smiled mystically, and pulled something from his pocket.
In the bedroom, Sherlock was a formidable lover, demanding, thrilling, mesmeric, and enchanting John beyond veneration. The night stretched on past midnight, and the quiet moments in between play were interspersed with teasing caresses and soft spoken words under a blanket of darkness. It was perfect; too perfect. Although John succeeded in bringing Sherlock to an orgasm twice that night, he never did get the chance to complete Sherlock's challenge before things went hopelessly awry.
“Shut up.” Sherlock shoved a container to the end of the desk closest to the bed, where John sat curled in on himself like a wilting flower. “Eat.”
Sherlock leaned his hands against the shower wall, allowing the water to soak his hair. Drops of water ran streams across his face before falling down into the drain.
Oxfam." Or at least he didn't think it was. One never knew with Harry.
Looking around, Sherlock could see no sign of a lift, and John was on the eighth floor. He peered up, into an old chandelier with dim bulbs, circled by fluttering moths and stained with years worth of rusted grime around the glass. The staircase was circular, providing a nauseating view to the top where small, symmetrical windows allowed very little natural light. It was depressing.
"Then he would allow you to stay in my life without interference," Sherlock growled, though there wasn't any real fire behind the words, just resigned exhaustion.
There was one last thing he needed to check on before joining John in 221C.
“Sherlock, we need—wait, where the hell are
Now that he was here, John wasn’t sure what he’d even set out to do. Since he’d started working with Irene, loud places didn’t get to him anymore, which is how he found himself wondering at the headache he was developing. How was it that this everyday life had become foreign to him, yet nights dressed as a woman, performing for complete strangers was the norm?
Sherlock made sure to pierce the dermis quickly, perpendicular to John's fingerprint, his gaze darting up to see John awake and staring at him distantly, lips drawn down into a teary frown. He still didn't move, but his whimpers were more pronounced. Quickly, Sherlock placed the slide under a drop of blood before setting it to the side. He dabbed the tiny pin prick with the cotton ball, holding it on the finger with one hand and pushing John's sweaty curls back with the other.
"Johnny," Julia breathed quizzically, as she rubbed a hand in slow circles over his back. "What's happened?"
The man moved to reach for his pocket and Sherlock's low growl rose to a hair-raising snarl as his shining, black lips peeled away from his pointed teeth.
He really should’ve known, Sherlock mused. He’d bent himself in half intending to mollify John’s anxiety, because as set as he was on hiding it, the way he clenched the sheets between his damp fist spoke volumes. He knew that one kiss, one touch, one anything with John was never enough to ease his appetite for the man.
Sherlock took his time in the shower, washing the dried sweat off his body, John's sweat off his hands. He thought about the drastic change overnight, the leap in age. It was as if John’s body had undergone metamorphosis, not unlike a butterfly. John died. Sherlock held him through it, felt his body stiffen with rigor mortis.
Sherlock said as much to John, after a short, but heart-stopping moment when John suggested that their arrangement wasn't sufficient.
Sherlock was aware that John trusted him with his body, or else he would have drawn the line. Sherlock wanted to know if John trusted him with more than his body; did John trust him with his mind, emotions? His heart?
Sherlock's arms were wrapped around his thighs, nails pressing crescents into John's flesh. He was close.
It was gratifying to be touched, pulled into a long body that pressed so gorgeously against his own. There was something in John's chest, expanding until he felt fit to burst. Jesus, he'd been touched by lovers before, but never anything as potent as Sherlock's touch seemed to be.
“You find humour in the queerest things,” Sherlock replied, shrugging as though it should not interest him, but curiosity coloured every word.
“I knew it,” Greg hissed in triumph, swinging his legs off the cushions to meet the floor. “You two’ve been shagging, haven't you?” He prodded, positive that it wasn't all in his mind. Friends his arse, Greg thought. Friends didn't look at one another the way Sherlock had just now.
A loud grumble cut through John's thoughts, along with the uncomfortable pang of his empty stomach.
John smiled politely, turning to the kindly old woman. "Thank you, miss...", he trailed off questioningly.
Sherlock was watching him struggle to take it all in, pleading with him to understand, but there was so much John knew he wasn't saying. "You still don't understand," Sherlock stated, with a tinge of frustration. "No matter, you will soon enough."
The human breathed shakily, on the verge of tears. Trembling, he stuttered, “I-I've come with- with a message for you.”
"Oh my, I didn't realize we had company," she turned to Sherlock, placing her hands on her hips with a motherly frown at the disgruntled alpha. "Sherlock, you might have told me; I could have done a fry-up!"
At noon, Janine allotted John an hour lunch, which he was supremely relieved to take. All the new information he'd learnt was giving him a migraine.
The human whimpered, wide eyes darting between Sherlock's massive jaw and dark, glittering eyes. A long, pink tongue swiped across his dripping muzzle. John had never been sure if Sherlock was a man-eater before. Not all wolves enjoyed the taste of human flesh, but the gleam of hunger in his eyes as he pinned the man left no doubt in John’s mind.
John hadn't eaten all day, and though his body protested, he found that he didn't have much of an appetite. Sherlock, on the other hand, was nearly down to half of his plate, which was a surprise in itself. The man hardly ate a thing, but he seemed particularly ravished.
John's heart was beating too fast, but not fast enough, and altogether too slow. Arrhythmia. Sherlock Holmes would be the death of him, and then he would
Sherlock wanted to take him, but it wasn't that moment, and John didn't want to disturb whatever was happening between them because it was a new and fragile thing, easily rendered unavailing and cast aside. No, it had to be about more than the sex.
Sherlock never loathed another being as much as he did that woman John often kept company with. Sherlock scorned John's history with her, brief as it was, but even as he did, his stomach curled at the scene they unknowingly created with one another. She complemented John in a way that Sherlock found almost as bewitching as it was vile. Sarah, with her glistening, sandy hair, and her ridiculous fruity scent lying with her body pressed against
Sherlock pushed him again, until they were halfway across the room and the backs of John’s knees were touching the side of the bed. “Lie in it, John. Lie in the bed that you've made!”
"Ah yes. John, meet Ella Thompson. Ella, John Watson."
Sherlock stepped closer, his hands trembling beneath wool of his coat, his eyes growing wide as he came to stand before the infant who stared back in awed curiosity. Cobalt eyes, the color of a turbulent sea in the midst of a storm and there was no mistaking the Watson nose, the upturn at the tip.
Silence, and then, breath on his ear. "And I know how you
John couldn’t hold back his giggle as he thought about Irene bawling her eyes out during the performance. “Irene, it’s not as if we haven’t been planning this for years.”
His pulse had finally fallen to its normal rate after hours of feeling like it would hammer its way out of his chest. Sherlock hadn’t realized what it was he was feeling earlier, the anxiety and not knowing what to do first, but now he had a word for it: Overwhelmed.
"No, in order for you to keep this from me, it had to be something that you thought would hurt me, personal of course, because Moriarty is nothing if not precise. He knows that the only thing that truly matters to me is the Work, so it would be along the lines of sabotage.
John escorted her to the elevator and sent her on the way with a brief embrace, wishing her farewell and the best with her cookery lessons.
There was not even a whisper of movement, but their introspections were just as loud as spoken words. John was a weak link in the chain, he'd get them all killed; let him go, Sherlock, he's not worth the risk. John was a liability.
"Perfectly rounded arse, wonderfully shaped thighs, plush." Sherlock turned his head slightly to nip at John's inner thigh, pulling pale flesh between his teeth until a bruise began to bloom. "A
Sherlock leant back in the chair and swung his legs onto the desk, crossing them at the ankles. He used to do it often, back in John’s appalling flatshare with Stamford. It would drive John round the bend and then they would have a row that Sherlock knowingly induced, because the resulting sex kept his head spinning for days.
John could almost feel like he was in a normal relationship, and he was simply having sex with his lover, but those words brought reality crashing down on him. He was a homeless rentboy offering the only form of payment he had to a man that saved him from a volatile situation. It was not a love affair, nor something that would happen after that night, and the truth of it pushed John down a spiral of desolation.
The songs referenced in this chapter by order:
John turned, so that he was chest to chest with Sherlock, a heavy erection pressing into the bare skin of his lower belly. "It's dangerous, the knowledge that if you accept, you will be mine, and I can do what I like with you. I can fuck you anywhere," here Sherlock pressed John back against the counter, pushing his hips forward so that they sat firmly between John's legs, "at any time."
Suddenly, there is a bright flash of light, and Sherlock is pulling out, scrambling to get away and out of sight. It's self-preservation and cowardice, because Sherlock would rather see John another day, than be caught in flagrante delicto with a minor, and sentenced to several years in prison.
A small, mousy woman with long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail waited patiently until Lestrade had finished speaking before she spoke up softly. "How long will he be staying?" She tucked an errant strand of hair behind her ear, eyes flicking from Sherlock, insecurely, and then fleetingly back to John again.
Sherlock had given John time and space; he hadn't shown up at John's parents house, even though once or twice, he found himself sitting in the backseat of his car for several long moments, struggling with himself and the directions to give his new driver (now that Sebastian Moran had revealed himself). Sherlock wanted to see him, but John never called and never visited. Sherlock found himself questioning John's existence, but those barely worn clothes in his wardrobe didn't fit him correctly.
"Take off your clothes," Sherlock ordered, raising a hand as John inhaled to argue. "No sex, as you said."
John snickered and pick up a wet towelette to wipe off his make-up. For Sherlock’s dance, he would need something more… provocative.
John felt his stomach drop at these words and had to swallow several times. There was no reason that this man shouldn't be believed. He didn't seem the type to make idle threats or issue promises he couldn't keep. The fact that Sherlock hadn't attacked Mycroft yet, meant the man might wield a considerable amount of power over him.
They ended up shagging on the couch, but to be fair, Sherlock was ninety-nine point nine percent sure the couch had seen worse. He made a note to return home and take a shower at once.
What Greg wasn't prepared for was Sherlock's vehement, “Piss off!” before he abandoned the violin and his post at the window and stormed to his room, slamming the door.
He was stunning like this, prepossessing in his submissiveness and Sherlock was suddenly nervous to bugger it all up. He spent the years between John’s absence wading in drugs and worshipping little false gods with blond hair and blue eyes, such ordinary features that it should have been easy to find another. Now, he was kneeling behind the only divine being he’d ever put his faith in and could hardly bring himself to move.
Misplaced body parts, half-rotted skin and in some cases, signs of prolonged exposure to radiation, which also caused genetic mutation.
For a moment, he just breathed, slumped over John’s panting back, until, “Er, Sherlock, you’ve got to get off.”
Julia shook her head, turning into his chest as an amalgam of emotions crashed over her. For years it seemed a wave hovered over her head just waiting to come slamming down, and it certainly had. Julia could hardly breathe beneath the weight of it.
The woman inclined her head and gestured to an L-shaped ebony sectional across the room, pushed against the far wall. "Of course, please have a seat while I inform Mr. Holmes of your arrival. Would you like anything to drink?"
“Will you come?”
Sherlock hadn't realized how much he missed John's voice until it wasn't there to admonish him. John's propensity for scolding him wasn't sorely missed as much as the sound of his pleasant tenor, the moments of easy conversation between them, even his absent presence beside Sherlock felt like a hole in his side. He dearly missed his partner, but infant-John was proving to be just as much of a worthy distraction as adult-John. As before, he would take John in any form than not having John around at all. Sherlock had learned his lesson with the likes of Mary Morstan. Even now, Mary was a distant figure in the past, but he clearly remembered the nights without John, drinking his scotch alone on their wedding night, missing his best friend. It was hateful, a life without his partner.
John momentarily oscillated between his lowest and highest point, between the decision to stay and face his past or flee towards an uncertain, unpredictable future. The closer they walked to the empty den, the harder John's heart hammered against his breastbone and the urge to run made him fidget with flightiness. But this was what he had to do, if not for the honour of his kin, then for his own peace of mind.
Sherlock narrowed his opaline eyes and replied tersely through gritted teeth. "I know it's fine."
fucking hell!".
John growled in a moment of pure frustration, running both of his hands roughly through his unkempt hair. "Sherlock. No," he shook his head and looked up at the man across from him. "No, you're not going to do this right now. You're not going to turn
The mad man only thought that it was funny; he laughed in the face of Sherlock's misery. Sherlock didn't care; none of it mattered. Moriarty would learn soon enough.
“Fine, yes” Sherlock stated brusquely “Come with me.” Sherlock swept out of the lounge, and up the stairs that led to his bedroom corridor. John could see as he passed that most of the rooms still had items left over, possibly things the wolves had collected, but held no sentimental value towards, and left behind.
John frowned, staring at his reflection in the tea. There were bags under his eyes from exhaustion and his lips were pressed in a firm line. "I dunno. Soon, maybe."
Sarah smiled, a cat that ate the canary kind, that has John scooting quickly in the opposite direction. What was it with him and devious friends?
There weren't many people milling about in that particular area, but the ones that were, studiously ignored the assault, choosing instead to walk away with their dead eyes fixed studiously to the ground.
Seeing those sharp, angular features highlighted even more so under the soft glow of the telly, nearly gave John a conniption. Before he could even register his visitor, let alone, allow the surprise to sink in, John had flung the sandwich away in lieu of yielding the ceramic plate like a hatchet.
Back in the room, John forewent the clothes and slid into the bed, sighing as his head hit the pillow.
Shit, now auto correct was giving him hell. God, why not just take a dive into the Thames, and put an end to all his first world problems!
,” the man hissed under his breath, more to himself than to John. “Keep your voice down,” he whispered urgently.
Before John could open his mouth to defend himself, Sarah was on him like a dog with a scent. She sat up with a flourish and scuttled over until she was nearly nose-to-nose with him "John Hamish Watson, you will tell me what happened, and don't you dare bother telling me lies. You know I won't believe you. Did you have sex with him?"
Sherlock made a note to ask her next time, because he couldn’t quite figure out which it was: Afghanistan or Iraq?
John's breath was ragged beneath him, stilted with every thrust of Sherlock's hips. Sherlock groaned as John's legs tightened around his waist, dropped his lips and tasted what was being offered to him. John's skin was soft and damp, the area at the base of his neck salty with sweat. His other hand was gently stroking John's cock, just enough to bring him pleasure but not enough to let him come. Sherlock wanted to prolong the moment, wanted it to last for an eternity, even if that eternity was the few moments they had left together. Sherlock wanted to be buried inside his young lover until he wouldn't forget what it felt like to have John wrapped around him.
Sherlock stepped forward, as if to shield John from the odd fellow, but this only made the man smirk harder. “Always the insufferable busybody, eager to stick your nose into my business. You would think I've already given you enough incentive to quit prying into my life, what with a stake in my company to keep an eye on and your own section of the government to lord about. Seems you're still the lonely, beak-nose prat you've always been,” Sherlock spat scathingly.
Do it, John wanted to goad Sherlock, wished he would move already, but the other man's gaze was steady and calculating. What was he waiting for?
Sherlock looked the younger male over pensively. "Could be dangerous," he warned John, before a devious smile split across his face. "Wanna come?"
With John preoccupied with his dummy and swinging his curious eyes around the room, Sherlock sat down to the microscope, adjusting the magnification and resolution until the round organisms came into view. Upon first glance, Sherlock could already see the difference in John's blood than a normal sample. The rate of mitosis was rapid in comparison to the normal division of cells. A process that should take hours was happening at a faster rate, jumping through the stages of mitosis is mere minutes. That was the reason for John's appearance, why he appeared to be aging quicker than was natural. Sherlock nearly regretted killing Dr Förstner, if only he could know the base components of his drug. Whatever the doctor had produced, it would have indeed been a huge breakthrough in the scientific community.
The room was crumbling around him and from somewhere in his palace, a great, splintering crack reverberated like thunder. The windows began to rattle until the cracks webbed out like long, spindly fingers, and imploded, only to land at their knees. The pain was secondary. John was growing cold in Sherlock's grasp, like the many corpses he'd stood over with Lestrade. John's skin was the colour of freshly fallen snow, thin and sickly, but his indigo eyes stood out just as boldly as they had ever done.
Thank
"Is there a problem here, gentlemen?" Simultaneously, the men turned towards the interloper, providing John with a straight-on view of the newcomer.
for helping me get this chapter out successfully and being there to bounce ideas off of. You are wonderful! Thank you all for the kudos, comments, and bookmarks, and all of those who have stuck with and defended this story from the very beginning! You know who you are, and I am very thankful to you! Also, to my new readers who came out and supported me, you also have my gratitude.
John laughed in surprise, but Sherlock only glowered and the sound tapered off. "That's rich coming from you. Want to tell me why you think so?"
"Surprise!" The lights flicked on, illuminating a group of people all piled into their tiny little flat, bearing balloons and a banner. '
- until he was at the yellow tape.
When the water was done and his tea steeped, John took the cup back to the couch. Irene’s lukewarm Oolong sat untouched on the coffee table as the woman frowned down at her phone screen. The moment he returned, she clicked off her mobile and gave him her full attention. John stifled his sigh, realizing she wasn’t going to let it go, and took a sip of his tea.
Sherlock didn't know how John was able to stand it, being in that place. Five minutes in and Sherlock discovered that he might have a mild case of claustrophobia. “This is dreadful,” Sherlock stated, looking around the room at the peeling walls, the drab wallpaper and a sickly sweet smell that made his stomach turn. Throw in a few junkies and the bedsit would make an adequate drug den.
He was right. The hunters couldn't be too far behind, not after they realized the pack had already abandoned the cabin.
With his eyes still locked on John, Sherlock released John's cock and pushed his leg aside so that John had an unhindered view of that sinful tongue slipping lower and lower-
It was the tall, dark-haired man from earlier, and he was more striking up close than from where he’d stood before. And he was staring right at John with those penetrating eyes of his. For the first time in years, John felt self-conscious.
John sniffed along the ground near where Sherlock was peering out into the trees beyond, nose held in the air to catch scents traveling downwind. In the open light, John could see just how large a wolf that Sherlock was. Beneath a dark brown coat, his muscles flexed and coiled as he moved about, and a vision of himself pinned beneath the powerful alpha had John turning away bashfully.
John closed his eyes certain that he might come prematurely if he stared much longer.
John wasn't going to pretend he wasn't dreading his friend's return, already feeling as if he was walking a  tightrope with this tentative new... whatever it was going on between he and the elder Holmes.
“Keep your eyes on me, John,” he demanded, his voice not as steady as before, hitching and breathless with his movements. “Can I have it?”
He’d thought that seeing John, that being intimate with him would make him feel whole again. Instead, the puzzle pieces still didn't fit as they should, and John…
John stopped when he was finally cradled between Sherlock's thighs and his cock, nestled in Sherlock's arse cheeks. For a moment, everything else didn't matter and Sherlock allowed his himself to stop thinking, a feat he'd always thought was impossible. John was shaking with restrained fervour, and he probably wasn't in a much better condition.
A loud snore cut into his careful response, drawing Sherlock’s annoyed glare to the exaggeratedly slumped figure in the other chair. With a snort, Victor snapped his head up. He returned Sherlock’s petulant grimace with a grin of his own. “Oh, sorry, sorry. Bullshit sort of makes me sleepy.”
The metallic taste of iron lingered on his lips when Sherlock pulled away. John watched Sherlock watching him as his tongue darted out to find the source of the taste, observed as those pupils dilated and eclipsed the iris until only a sliver of that vivid pale remained.
John walked to the kitchen, feeling listless and empty, and began packing up his book bag with the papers he'd left on the table. John slung the bag over his shoulder and headed to the lounge room."I could go home, mum wouldn't care," he mumbled in delayed reply to Sherlock's earlier statement.
Mycroft sniffed and sank into the seat stationed in front of the window. Outside, the horizon stretched on and on over the rolling, shimmery dark dregs of the Thames.
John nipped his jaw, and they bumped noses as Sherlock reached up and initiated a hard kiss, imbued with all the passion of their meeting and the hope of future clandestine moments.
Sherlock froze, head whipping towards his son in stunned silence. John nudged his friend in the ribs conspicuously with an elbow, nodding in his father's direction. Jasper stopped, sandwich halfway to his mouth. "What?"
Annoyance and desperation made his skin crawl in a constant battle of keeping his wits about him in the face of a barrage of stupidity.
John grinned and ducked his head, looking up at Holmes underneath his lashes. "And you came running, didn't you?"
It felt almost a moment later that he felt a cover draped over his body, stretched out on the couch facing the back. He smiled, "Thanks Jas." John was almost asleep when he heard a deeper voice than his friend's reply in light amusement.
Victor sniffed snidely and looked pointedly away from John, dark green eyes narrowing shrewdly as Sherlock appeared in the doorway. His dark hair stood up wild and unruly, characteristics John found himself associating with the alpha now; something that could not be tamed.
Holmes leant forward. His eyes flashed, frosted over and preternaturally pale from the light pouring through the windows. "Not
On the side of an abandoned flat, Jasper spotted a ladder leading up to a fire escape, and so he pulled it down, intending to climb inside the building and wait it out, but suddenly, there was a voice at the mouth of the alley, shouting at him.
Abruptly, Sherlock released him and strode back across the foyer, tossing his coat over John's desk carelessly. "Hang that for me, if you will. I'm sure Janine left you a list of things I need completed by the end of the day. Best get started on that or you'll be putting in extra hours, John. Tick-tock." The man had his eyes back on the phone, studiously ignoring John's wide-eyed stare as he retreated down the hall, and to his office.
Sherlock took a step away. "On the bed," he commanded, his deep voice plunging through John's body like volts of electricity, powering his legs to move as instructed. "Lie on your back."
She was beautiful, and if Sarah wasn't his best friend, John would have tried to chat her up. Back in their first year of Uni, he and Sarah had tried with one another. They had both been fresh-faced and eager to connect with someone during those first few lonely months away from home for the very first time. It only lasted a month before they decided they were better off as friends, and John never regretted it.
Now, John stared up at him with the same eyes, perhaps a little more guarded, but so wonderfully unshakeable.
Fortunately, it was warm inside, so John removed his jacket and placed it over his arm, feeling the cold air filter right through the thin fabric. The interior was dim and cozy, and soft music played over the speaker, lending the room a romantic atmosphere. The waiter greeted Sherlock by name and led them to a well worn booth in the corner next to a large window. Sherlock sat facing the front door, and John slid into the bench across from him, settling snugly into the worn dip in the middle of the leather seat.
The door opened to a beautiful woman with chestnut skin, a bright row of gleaming teeth and large, brown eyes framed by thick lashes. Her hair was cut close to her head, but it highlighted her sculptured cheekbones and the strong shape of her jaw.
Here we are people, at the beginning of the end of this book. Happy New Year to you all and I hope that it was a safe and happy one! All my gratitude to my lovely new beta reader
Sherlock turned, just in time to see Mycroft run a hand primly (self-consciously) down the front of his suit jacket. He smirked. Sherlock - one, Mycroft - zilch.
"So," John began with a weary sigh, and brought one hand up to massage the nape of his neck as he peered around. "How is all of this supposed to work?"
"Do it, take it out, John," Sherlock whispered, and John didn't know if this were heaven or hell, one minute he was on cloud nine, and the next, his body was burning with heat.
going to be pleased.
Three fingers in and John was a mess. Sherlock was kneeling between his legs, lazily stroking John's straining erection with one hand, up to his knuckles in John's arse with the other. He was ready, he wanted to tell Sherlock, ready to feel him moving inside.
"We'd rather not, thank you," Anderson intoned, sulking like a child who'd just had his lolly taken away.
Harry stalked further into the room once she saw him, long blonde hair wet with water. Her face was set in a deep frown that distorted her pretty features hideously. Harry didn't have much to be happy about these day, and it seemed she had time to stew and was ready to unleash her fury.
Sherlock closed his eyes, allowing the memories of the night before to come flooding back.
Even with Sherlock out of the room, the tension was still thick enough to slice with a knife.
They entered into a room with racks and racks of clothing, a changing screen fitted into the corner of the room and a table messy with drawn designs and ideas scribbled in pencil. At the desk sat a man with the same rich brown skin as Ella and a similar strong jaw structure. His hair was twisted into locks that sat high on his head as he bent over the table, pulling fabric through a sewing machine. The man's glanced up at them and the creases on his forehead smoothed out upon seeing Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes snapped back up to his, and then John was being backed into the loo and Sherlock's lips were doing their best to meld into John's. It was nothing but fire and a slow, slow serenade. Sherlock’s body trapped him against the counter with force enough to bruise his back, but all John could think about was climbing that long body and giving the man what he wanted. When their lips parted, they were both panting and out of breath. John thought that if they stayed that way a moment longer, he’d be sweating right through his new suit.
John was getting closer, and Sherlock's hips were slamming into him now, causing his breath to hitch in his throat with every rough motion. His hips were grinding sinfully, rotating in a lustful dance that left John breathless and panting.
“Julia?” Rupert whispered, dropping her hand to embrace her as the shock finally set in. She couldn’t believe it; she may just have to go to church on Sunday, because surely God must have answered her countless prayers.
The connection was severed when a jubilant man who introduced himself as Angelo bounded over, patting Sherlock roughly on the shoulder. To John’s surprise and silent delight, the man happily proclaimed that Sherlock had gotten him off a murder charge, proving that Angelo was across town breaking into cars at the same time as a violent crime was perpetrated. Sherlock seemed reticent about the whole affair, only adding that Angelo still did prison time, but as the man announced that the food was on the house and zipped away to procure a candle, Sherlock eased back into the role of self-confident, seriously intense gentleman with no trouble.
“Morning,” John replied, and he sounded like he was smiling. If Greg turned his head just so, he would be able to see into the kitchen.
“Try telling that to John, here, or Lestrade, and the countless others who have suffered, for the simple fact that they are different. Humans, they are all disgusting,with their petty feuds and tiny, little brains.” There was nothing, but contempt in Sherlock's voice, a hatred he wasn't even attempting to veil. “They can't deal with the fact that they are no longer at the top the food chain, they would rather kill us off than face competition, so tell me,
John nearly clamped his legs closed, but his curiosity held him still. What Sherlock said earlier, he wanted that, to wait until it could be him, but he wanted the man even more than that promise.
It was inevitable that they would get to that point where trust was implicit to move forward in a relationship, but John never thought about what it would be like to hear Sherlock say those words to him. His stomach rolled uncomfortably, because if Sherlock trusted him, then John would hate himself if he let that go to waste. Would Sherlock feel the same way after John told him about Moriarty?
Sherlock sighed and let himself into his office, ignoring the tepid cup of tea on his desk as he claimed his chair. He ran his hand through his hair, shuddering as it pulled at his sore scalp, still sensitive from John’s death grip. He wanted to see what havoc he’d wreaked on John’s body, catalogue the bruises on his hips and watch the red marks fade from John’s back on account of the hardwood floors.
"Don't be ridiculous, John. This is hardly London Tower." Sherlock scoffed, following him into the kitchen at a slower pace as his eyes swung curiously around the room. "Took you long enough to wake up. I got tired of watching reruns of Downton Abbey."
These definitions are all simplified, so as to avoid wrong information. If you want to know more about the MHRA and the MRC, I recommend a quick Google search.
"Sherwah! Sherwah! Sherwah!" Unfortunately for Sherlock, John was also learning how to speak.
It was past midnight when the three of them fell into the flat, laughing hysterically.
to do anything. Only to notify you that we are looking into the late Dr Förstner's past experiments and looking for a possible remedy for John. I... am not sure how long this could take, but until then, you will be responsible for his care. Of course, if you're not up to the task, I could arrange a nanny."
Sherlock picked him up and slammed him onto his stomach in the dirt, knocking the wind out of John’s lungs.
“Fine. Lie in it.” Sherlock angled his head towards the bed without breaking eye contact. He closed the distance and gave a little shove, watching with barely concealed glee as John stumbled back.
for updates!
for updates and Sherlock-y stuff!
Greg wanted nothing more in that moment than for the building to collapse and bury him in the rubble. Quickly, he cut in to save them both any further dignity. “Sherlock! Sherlock, shut it.”
Sarah had sprawled herself over John's bedspread, reading excerpts from an old medical text, while she lounged leisurely on her stomach. Her head, propped up by her palms, only tilted towards John in a casual acknowledgment.
!” And Sherlock made him say it again and again and again, because it’d been too long since the last time he heard John speak his name.
John knocked, three polite taps and waited patiently for someone to come to the door, but it remained firmly shut.
“Come
Finally, at the end of his rope, John stopped and turned, pointing a cautionary finger at Sherlock. “Stop this, Sherlock, I mean it. You don't have to like her and it really doesn't bother me whether you do or don't, but do me a favour and don't ruin this for me.”
“Who is this?” Julia choked out. “And where is my son?”
Sherlock scoffed, turning to look at the two of them as they stuffed their faces with bread and meat. "Nothing a simple DNA test couldn't have solved. It's a wonder anything was ever solved before I began working with Lestrade." John watched the man gesture wildly with his hands heavenward, as if begging for mercy, which John supposed he was. "The IQ of the Yarders could bring down the entirety of London alone." The words were scathing, but the man said them as if he were talking about the weather.
Mrs Hudson’s door was firmly closed, unusually quiet, before Sherlock remembered that it was her Ladies Night with Ms Turner and Mrs Margaret from three doors down, who owned a novelty bookshop Sherlock occasionally frequented.
"Are you alright?" The question was cautionary at best, as if he didn't know if it was the right words to ask.
Before Molly could reply, Sherlock was pulling the pram out of the room and down the hall, leaving behind his mess and a confused pathologist.
Eventually, Sherlock dropped out of Cambridge and began to see less and less of Molly as he melded into London’s nightlife, looking for that perfect high.
Julian swore beneath his breath, but did as he was told, flinging back one last parting shot as he opened the door. “And it’s Julian, not John, you arsehole.”
Suddenly a woman’s purring voice filled the room. “Come here, big boy.”
John was so engrossed in drinking in everything he could of Sherlock, that he hadn't noticed what the man was extracting from the cupboard. When he turned, he was clutching a strip of black cloth and a few coils of rope in his left hand, and a pair of earplugs in the right.
John snorted before the buzzing nuisance landed on his chest with a thud. “I’m not answering your phone, Sherlock. He’s your brother, you deal with him.”
John was nearly crying with pleasure as he ran his hands over his cock, tugging until he began to feel that pull in his lower belly. "Yes, fuck yes!"
manage that?"
Sherlock looked up to find John observing him with an astute gaze, dark eyes shimmering like liquid beneath the dim luminescence casting the room in a hazy ambience. He didn’t ask questions, and as soon as their eyes met, he dropped his own and closed them as his head lowered to rest on his crossed arms.
The sound of clapping pulled them out of whatever moment they were having. They each took back their respective appendages and turned as the curtain closed once again. Irene looked at him with a keen gleam in her eyes, a glass of white wine in one hand and her other laid over the bicep of her opposite arm. Michael was talking to someone at the next table. Clearly, they’d been eye fucking one another for a bit too long.
It was highly irrational that Sherlock should be so passionate about someone he hadn't known for long, and an improbability that he would grieve John's absence indefinitely, and yet he felt plaintive and angry.
"Victor, you seem to be under the persuasion that because I allow you to warm my bed on occasion, that you have some sort of power over me," Sherlock said calmly, as if speaking of the weather, and John could feel his face heat up, almost feeling pity for the man in which Sherlock's scathing diatribe was directed. "Don't believe for one moment that you hold anymore importance than you actually do. Whatever absurd, romantic notion you have of us, it would do you good to get rid of it."
His body was an automaton, and his mind was a scattered mess of questions and anxieties.
He’d chosen dark navy, something that wouldn’t wash him out on what was looking to be dreary day. “Ah, thank you, John.” Finally, he allowed himself a peek and wished he hadn’t.
John came to stand next to him, awed that the length of Sherlock's head was more than half his height. Sherlock shifted and John realized that he was allowing John room to crouch beside him, though he never let up on the human.
John fought to hold back a sigh. He'd already begun to feel the pull of exhaustion the words caused. "What do you need?"
Sherlock whirled around, stalking back to the detective until their noses were no more than an inch apart. “Would it kill you to use your brain, Lestrade, or have I overbalanced your tiny little mind with
As soon as they’d barreled through the door, there was little of Sherlock's public persona left, just a brilliant other being that was larger than life in a room two sizes too small. John couldn't catch his breath quick enough before Sherlock was sweeping back in with a crafty tongue and wicked, dampened lips.
Sherlock stopped in the midst of an eye roll, his mouth open to say something snide, but the searing look in John's eyes stopped him short, and his lips snapped closed.
"Ah, Janine, there you are," Holmes acknowledged, voice belying no effects of his heated conversation with John. "I have work I need to attend to, so I'll be in and out of the office throughout the day. John will be shadowing you. I need him useful tomorrow, not stumbling round confused."
Irene was like a sodding dog with a bone; the woman could never let things go. John loved her, but he disliked that quality in her, at times. There were some things he didn't want to talk about neither with her, or anyone else.
The silence was abrupt after the whirlwind of words Sherlock hurled at him, but John couldn’t bring himself to feel anything other than awe. It was weird, that it definitely was, but it was also—
"I was wondering if I could use the loo? I promise I won't take but a moment." John couldn't help fidgeting under the woman's keen, blue gaze. He plucked at his fingerless, tattered gloves and shifted his weight between his feet, feeling like the grime on the bottom of his shoes.
bed, nearly naked, with a bloody hangover, in
John cleared his throat, widening his stance a bit as he stared back at Sherlock. “Perhaps you can tell me why I woke up in your lap,” he muttered, running a hand over the nape of his neck.
John stared up into soft, chocolate eyes, determining just how much information he should be forthcoming with. The man seemed friendly, however, just a bit confused. John stood and held out a hand, which the gentleman took with a genial smile. "John Watson," he introduced, forcing himself not to wince at the strong grip. "I'm just filling in for Janine three days out the week, while she's in cookery school."
John hadn’t heard that voice in six years, since he was twenty-two and as close to love as he could ever remember being. He only had the dreams during his first year in the military, but then they stopped. Now, John was a broken soldier, invalided back to London with a shredded mind and a worn body. And the dreams were back with a vengeance.
“I’m Father-”
The man was mad, obviously, and Julia didn’t have time for it. Her son was closer than he’d been in years and she needed to see him, to confirm with her own eyes that he was okay.
"You mean, when Förstner..." Lestrade gestured vaguely towards his neck, unsure how to proceed. "That's
John felt the happiest he had been in a very long time, and eventually he found himself falling into a light doze.
He retreated briefly to re-apply more lubricant to his fingers. The subtle curve of John’s back was fetching, prompting Sherlock to lay himself flush against it, chest resting against John’s shoulder blades.
John’s sudden orgasm took them both by surprise as he tensed up, spilling warmth over Sherlock’s fingers and squeezing down on his dick until Sherlock’s eyes rolled back, mouth slack.
The interior was an intimidating plethora of high arches and shimmering marble tile. A dance floor had been cleared in the middle of the hall, but most ignored it, heading for the snack table instead. John turned his head to see Sherlock watching him take it all in with a placid smile, ignoring everything else around him.
But I have promises to keep,
John didn't know why this Lestrade fellow was fighting so hard to convince Sherlock to allow him to stay, but John had a feeling it had a bit to do with the look he'd seen in Lestrade's eyes the first they met. Somewhere, at some time, someone must have done the same for him. John found that he wanted to hear this man's story before it was time for him to depart.
Sherlock turned at John's hesitation with an icy glare that didn't nothing to uproot John from his frozen position, though he could see a glimmer of mischief in those pale eyes. "Sometime today, John."
Sherlock was looming in every sense of the word, his tall, lean figure nearly bent over John's until Greg could only see John's hand as it reached up to Sherlock's nape, and yep—they were snogging.
Sherlock felt empty, hollow. Kept waiting for his phone to receive a text from John, soothing his worries, laughing it off. His phone stayed dreadfully silent.
Just as they reached the start of the woods, Sherlock hissed, “Get down, behind the tree!”
Sherlock smiled wickedly and turned to a woman in a gossamer ruby dress that fell to the tops of her knees. She was beautiful, long dark hair and bangs that framed chocolate, almond eyes. “Aimi Moto, born Ichiro Moto, quite famously known as being the first transgendered neurosurgeon. She's having an affair with the gentleman with the horrid hair plugs,” Sherlock tipped his regal head at a man in another group debating pugnaciously with a younger male. He had a Bill Nye-esque appeal, though he was a bit thick around the middle. “He hasn't told his wife that he has a fetish for breasts and cock,” he said, the ‘ck' a resonant click at the back of his throat.
John nodded, sinking down to sit on the edge of the bed. “Yeah. I don’t sleep very well anymore. Couple hours is all I need, really. Sort of a changeover from the army.”
“Mrs Watson,” Sherlock rumbled in a rich baritone. It wasn’t unpleasant to listen to, she thought absently.
Unable, or unwilling, to keep his eyes away, Sherlock swept his gaze back to the male wearing a hole in his floor.
John waited as Lestrade turned into a door at the end of the hall and listened as he rummaged around muttering to himself under his breath. He took the time to look around while the other man looked for clothes, taking in the garish green wallpaper and the unpolished wood flooring. The hallway had an old Victorian feel to it that John wondered if the rest of the house mirrored.
Sherlock descended on the opposite nipple, rolling the already hardened bud between his tongue and teeth. He sucked hard once more, inciting a loud cry to slip between John's lips, before pulling away entirely. Sherlock slipped a hand in his pocket and pulled out a long silver chain linking two clips together, tipped with rubber ends. He held it up so that John could see, before leaning back in for one more lick to John's nipple, taking the bud between forefinger and thumb and attaching the clamp. Sherlock repeated the motions for the opposite nipple, before stepping back to survey his handy work.
Fuck, but Sherlock was playing him just as skillfully as his violin, rolling his hips in titillating circles, slowly. John longed to wrap his legs around Sherlock's waist and press his heels on that round derriere, urge him forward.
John sees stars, and not the nice, pretty little ones in the sky, but the type that tells him he's been knocked a new one. The pain is unbelievable, and John thinks his nose just might be broken, but his disoriented state does nothing to deter his attacker.
Behind him, Sally argued with a fresh-faced queen about a feathery headdress that John personally found unflattering.
"You're staying." Jasper didn't ask, more like stated the obvious, but sought his confirmation, anyways.
Instead, he'd lost John to the most unlikely person, and the knowledge of that hurt more than anything else. Jasper hated his father for it, but even then, with that dreadful emotion dredging up awful thoughts about the man who raised him, Jasper could still say that he missed him dearly.
Sherlock smiled, relaxing as they sank into their familiar snarky prose. Back into safe territory.
Reluctantly, he turned, eyes widening as the mess of his back was revealed. The top half was scratched and bleeding; his shoulder blades, where John held most of his weight during the heated encounter, was puffy and rubbed raw. A surge of unexplainable warmth shot down to his groin at the sight, so unexpected, it took his breath away.
- could know so much about him when they’d never once met before. “Yes, this isn't creepy at all,” he muttered, then said louder, “how do you know all that?”
are you
Sherlock turned on his heel and walked away, restraining the urge to change his mind. There was a lot he wanted to say to John, but Sherlock was terribly, undeniably angry, and everything he might say would be reckless and regretful. For now, Sherlock had to forget him. It was the only way he could get on knowing that the one person he'd ever cared for had left him. Left him for the desert and an uncertain existence because the thought of being with Sherlock was unfathomable to him.
Sherlock didn't give him much chance to decipher his cryptic revelations, before he leaned in, catching John's lips in a soft caress. Sherlock's hands teased the skin just beneath his shirt, skirting the edge of John's trousers with the tips of his slender fingers.
John emerged from the restroom with a sheepish grin pasted on his lips. He'd taken longer than he was meant to, but Mary didn't seem at all perturbed by it. She flashed John a reassuring smile before turning her attention back to the only other patron in the store.
The man snapped his lips closed and pulled them inwards, though he looked as if he had more to say.
Sherlock was lying supine on the couch, his fingers steepled beneath his chin while John crawled around the flat floor, playing with a horrifically unrealistic baby blue rabbit Mrs Hudson had bought for him. John seemed to enjoy it, going by the giggles and claps coming from the floor, so Sherlock allowed it to continue to exist. He hadn't run a good experiment in days, so the bunny should count itself fortunate.
Sherlock's dilemma.
John groaned, bringing his left hand down to relieve the discomfort of his throbbing cock, but Sherlock moved swiftly, slapping it away before John could so much as stroke himself. "You don't touch yourself unless I give you the order to," he rumbled sternly, the hand in his hair pulling harshly against the roots.
"What I mean," he spoke softly, crisply pronunciating each word. Holmes leant forward until he was nearly touching noses with John, "is when the time comes—and it will eventually, make no mistake of that, John Watson—you won't be able to sit for
Sherlock stopped and stared down at him from where he knelt between John's legs, eyes dark and opaque. John was speared by that one look, flayed open and dissected under pale, ever-changing eyes. There was that acute sensation of falling, yet John had never been more there than in that moment. It was wondrous and brilliant, and John thought he might just throw himself from Tower Bridge if he couldn't have Sherlock right this second.
"Werewolves are specifically attuned to others of their kind, whether nearby, or otherwise. As many of us are aware, we are of a pack mentality. John, obviously in distress, instinctively sought the presence of other werewolves nearby, and the hunters were counting on his inherent ability to track the nearest pack."
Fortunately, it wasn't too late to catch his favourite shopkeeper, and John swung inside, exhaling at the warmth that immediately fell over him like a sheepskin throw. It reminded him of easier days playing Cluedo with Harry in front of a toasty fire, and hot chocolate flowing silkenly down his gullet while they waited up for old Saint Nick.
Please excuse my shoddy graphics editing in this chapter. What I see on my laptop differs greatly from what I see on my phone.
“Three, John. Tell me rule three and I'll give you what you want.”
His fifth year, John was promoted to captain and he eased into the position with as much ease as he did his place in the army. At that time, there was an increase in insurgents and ambushes, so firefights were more likely to break out, and the patrols became increasingly dangerous.
The embrace stretched on for several minutes before John broke away, turning to head to the shower, hoping he had at least an hour to get everything done before Jasper arrived.
Arsehole.
John hesitated, though, rather unsure after the threat Victor issued the day before. The wolf that had constantly been so hostile towards him since his arrival, was now regarding John with something like forced acceptance. Could he trust it?
They pulled away and John gathered their clothes off the floor, tossing Sherlock's into his face where he'd resumed his Sloth sprawl at the end of the bed. "Get up, you lazy berk, let's get cleaned up."
John nodded, and the two of them set off for the tree line, the sound of the night growing louder the darker it became.
Idly, John thought about what the man might be up to now, or if he was with
"Well, he
John was gone as well.
That had been unprecedented.
Lips pressed into his hair, the kiss muted by his curls, but felt nonetheless.
John slid off the couch and onto his knees between her trembling thighs. His hands trailed up until his fingers were hooked over the band of her tiny, tartan skirt. John glanced up as Molly tilted her hips up, allowing him to pull the skirt down and off her legs.
Holmes whipped around, regarding Janine for a moment before he answered. "No, that will be all, Janine."
There. John could admit he was attracted to him, and if he wasn't mistaken, he recognized the desire in Holmes' eyes too. All the previous times they met... John had felt it then too, but didn't want to put meaning to it.
John sank back into the bed, boneless, until Sherlock came up to whisper "touch me," into his ear, so John returned the favor in kind as Sherlock lay on his side, bare for him.
When John woke again, the room was dark and his skin was wet with perspiration. His mind swam with the images of that afternoon, the toys, the music, and most of all, the sex. John could feel phantom fingers trailing down his spine, the cleft of his arse.
Sherlock was breathing on his neck, his exhalations enviably steady. "I could keep you like this until dawn, dripping and hard... Would you like that, John, if I did that to you?"
John could practically see Holmes rolling his eyes as he tapped out this message, and the thought made him snicker quietly. Yes, there was no doubt exactly who he was texting.
“I'm never without a contingency plan, my dear John,” Sherlock responded, unwinding the coil of rope.
The door to 221A swung open, and Mrs Hudson poked her head out, eyeing Sherlock sternly. "What in heaven's name are you yelling about, young man?"
John felt his body begin to respond. It was comparable to an out of body experience. He knew it was happening, but it was like watching himself get snogged from an omniscient point-of-view.
to Holmes? Holmes was undoubtedly aesthetically pleasing to the eye, with those cheekbones, sharper than a Damascus sword, and long legs he found himself compelled to worship with his lips. John had the visceral urge to drop to his knees and devote his body to whatever hedonistic ideals the man had.
After the army, where John had been forced to suppress his wolf, the first change following his discharge had been extremely unpleasant. John had been close to death that night. Harry found him covered in blood and self-inflicted wounds, naked and dehydrated. He'd gone feral.
"I really couldn't tell you, mate. Holmes seemed... sort of mercurial. One moment he was insulting my intelligence, the next, he was propositioning me with a job, an offer I'm not even sure would be wise to accept."
Keeping their eyes locked, John turned his head and dragged his tongue up the length of the hand against his cheek, a pool of warmth gathering deep in his belly at the way Sherlock's eyes followed the movement, darkening with every millisecond that passed. When it was sufficiently wet, Sherlock snatched his hand away, something feral overtaking his features as he plunged his hand beneath John's pants without preamble.
“I -hicc- will not! This is all your -hicc- after all!”
Sherlock would have rather eaten the tiny (white) table than admit that Anderson might be right.
“Cause of death?” Lestrade finally asked.
Sherlock had tried to stare her down, but he lost the battle and finally looked over to where John stood, his face flushed, while Lestrade seemed more confused than John could remember ever having seen him outside a crime scene.
Sherlock sighed. “Lonely.”
“What is it?” John asked, running his finger tips over the envelope.
“What kind of dinosaur have you got there, then?”
The man was now approaching him faster, possibly realising that Sherlock was waiting for him but afraid he might run off after all. He was sure that he wouldn’t throw his remaining knife, because, if he missed, it would sink into the small canal behind him.
“I tracked down the DIs working the case of the Christmas Murderer back in the 80s.”
Sherlock pulled a bran bar out of his coat pocket. “Eat.”
“You can’t possibly have been able to think in there,” John shook his head as he wolfed down a slice of pizza as large as his arm, squinting at the bright neon-light of the pizzeria.
“Black pudding, for an entire social housing block? Really? He had three gallons of pigs’ blood delivered to his doorstep. It was the easiest kill I have ever had. And free stationery for a local elementary school?”
And it was personal, clearly, but Sherlock couldn’t think of who might have sent the letter. What he did know, though, was the public announcement board of the Belsize Community Library. It had taken him a while to wander through Hampstead, trying to remember which building seemed familiar enough to him to evoke a sense of memory. It had gotten dark as he had visited city halls and galleries, post offices and supermarkets. And, finally, he had stopped and searched in his mind palace. It only took him a couple of minutes to find what he was looking for and he pitied himself for his stupidity. While the plaque commemorating the opening of the library in 1937 was just out of frame in the last photo of the envelope, he recognized the panelling and the cork wall of the announcement board.
“John, you are so much more than you think you are.”
“Then why did you never say anything?”
Now, all that's left for me is thank Anarion, for being a wonderful co-writer and friend, and to wish all of you a happy and peaceful Christmas!
But Peter is huge, tall and broad with it, corded with muscle and stripped of fat.  Sherlock estimates that the man is several inches taller than himself, and would outweigh him by fifty, perhaps sixty pounds.  A formidable foe, and a man who could easily dispatch of his sister’s chosen victims.
John kisses him again, warm puffs of laughter mingling in their shared breath.
“The killer,” John says, a little shakily, “he, um.  He left you a note.”
“Oh, yes.”  John stands and tugs Sherlock to his feet.  “You’ll like this.”
drawing him up from the murk of sleep by degrees.  His veins fizzed pleasantly, as if the blood had been drained out and replaced with champagne.  With a sort of muted amusement, he realized he was drugged to the gills.
“Babies.”
“I can’t—I was careless.  Distracted.  If I hadn’t lost my focus, Watson wouldn’t have…”
Several feet away, Sherlock sees Lestrade raise his head from a hushed conversation with Donovan.  “Hey, Sherlock?”
John searched the gallery, pulse thumping like a drumbeat in his ears, jaw clenched to the point of pain.
“Are you?” he asks.
When Mrs. Hudson was finished, she stopped before them, cheeks flushed and eyes bright.  “Oh, Sherlock,” she wobbled, “I am afraid for you, dear.  I know I always say I’m not your housekeeper – I’m
Three days after kissing John for the second time, Sherlock is still in a daze.  He tries to put it down to head trauma, but knows it’s a feeble lie at best.  He can’t bring himself to care.  John had kissed him.  John
The thought emerges from the black mood like a whisper.
Rosie makes no response, save for chewing on her lip.  She’s staring straight ahead, at a point over Ms. Helens’ shoulder.  A flush rises to her cheeks.
John opens his eyes with an expression almost like pain.  “Yes?”
The ensuing silence was deafening; it ballooned in the flat, consuming air and sound and leaving an arid, ringing void in its wake.  When the text finally arrived, the accompanying buzz rattled up his arm, thrumming in his nerves.
“Hmm?”
Sherlock goes utterly still.  Then he bolts upright like a cat that’s just been doused with cold water.  “Don’t be ridiculous.”
becomes
“Friend of a friend,” Harry said quickly.  She held up her ID card, emblazoned with her photograph, the title “Crime Scene Investigator,” and below that, the name
“She screamed,” said Moriarty.  Sherlock’s attention flew back to the smaller man as he lifted the coat high, bringing his hands together at the middle.  “She screamed like she was dying in agony.  Such a
She gives his hand a firm shake.  “Violet Smith.”  Uncertainty flickers through her eyes; she masters it, casts it aside.  “I need your help.  I… I think I may be in danger.”
John leaned over Sherlock’s shoulder to watch.  As the newborn giraffe wobbled to its feet on the screen, he chuckled.
he thinks, annoyed with himself.
“Oh, for—
“Yes,
John Watson is a very light sleeper.  So, when his dream-lover reaches down to cover one of his hands with theirs – a large hand, fingers long and pale, metacarpals stark beneath the skin – and a deep voice hitches out his name, he wakes with a bitten-off cry, shocked and shaking with his hand fisted around his hard cock.
“You could have died!” he snarls for roughly the thousandth time since Sherlock woke in hospital.  “You could have had
He was beautiful.
Sherlock looks at John, and looks at John, and realizes, with a start, that he believes him.  Without his knowledge, his doubts about John’s feelings had packed their bags and vacated the Mind Palace before they could be forcibly evicted.  “John, I…”
try to keep up, will you?  Sala knew his colleagues were being taken out and assumed, quite correctly, that the new Moriarty was responsible.  He needed leverage against me.”
“Right, well.  Let me know if you do.  And try not to move your head too much.”
John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Fuck’s sake.”
is not one of them.  It feels… wrong.  Obscene.
“Ha!”  Several yards away, standing at the mouth of the alleyway, Piggy’s partner crows.  A scrawny, sallow man with a bulbous head, he has earned the moniker
Sherlock takes a sip and purses his lips.  Ghastly.
“Why?  I loathe all that boorish nonsense.  Rubbing elbows with Lady Smallwood’s crowd is your lewdest fantasy, not mine.”
Sherlock cannot bring himself to care.  Far from wanting to hunt down Peter, he wants only to return to Baker Street.  Rosie’s brush with death has jarred something loose within him; he needs time to piece himself back together.
And then they were racing down alleyways and over rooftops, chasing a serial killer with the night wind on their faces and adrenaline singing through their veins.  Sherlock hadn’t expected John to follow – hadn’t expected him to keep up – but John did both, cane forgotten as his body seized control.
John returns to the house, defying every instinct but one:  the need to protect the baby.  The little girl who is not his child, but deserves a chance at a life unspoiled by her mother’s crimes.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock is about to reply when a voice pierces their bubble with the cold edge of an icicle.  “Bloody hell. Is that Sherlock Holmes I see?”
“I promise,” said John, “I will protect Sherlock at all costs.”
(Actually, the barn is the wedding’s one redeeming quality.  As dusk falls and guests begin filing out, John, loose-limbed and grinning from one too many glasses of wine, takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him to the barn. It is dark, quiet, abandoned.  They fumble about until they find a staircase to an upper level, a ladder to a loft.  And then there is a great deal more fumbling, questing hands and bitten-off laughter, whispering huffs as their pulses accelerate, the clink as Sherlock discards John’s belt.  The soft moans, trapped behind John’s teeth, as Sherlock takes him in his mouth with a kind of half-drunk reverence.)
John shakes his head.  “If there is, I haven’t heard of it.  But it’s early yet.  Lestrade might have more when we regroup.”
“Oh,” he says.
“Have you got lube?” John asks.
“If you want,” he had hedged.  His expression was neutral, but I knew him well enough to read the fear hidden in his dark eyes.  “It’s your decision.  You’re a grown woman.”
“Any good?”
Anyone who had not seen Alexander Grant move would have assumed he was a perfectly healthy – even powerful – man.  Straight-backed, Mr. Grant stood a few inches taller than Sherlock, and he was broad in the shoulders and chest.  The handshake he offered Sherlock was brisk but firm, attesting to a fount of hidden strength.
John’s face tightened and Sherlock knew he had missed the mark.
Also, for the sake of clarity:  Soo Lin = Su Lin.  Apparently Mofftiss did some bizarre Mandarin/Cantonese hybrid in TBB, although most names and pinyin in the episode are Mandarin.  Please let me know if I've made any mistakes re: Mandarin vs. Cantonese or any other cultural snafus.
His voice is relaxed and affable, completely lacking in guilt.  Sherlock studies him.  It’s difficult to read his expression with his face turned away.  “Yes.”
John turns from hanging up his coat.  His eyes land on Sherlock, move over him like the press of hands.  Heat pools in Sherlock’s chest.
“That was rude,” John says.
“Might be,” agreed Sherlock.  He looked in the direction of the pointing finger.  With supreme care, he crossed to the other side of the circle and knelt among the debris.  He stood moments later and turned to John, holding a sealed envelope.  The beam of torchlight made the paper gleam like starlight in the gloom.  “John, look.”
John laughs, and kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him.
standing outside in slippers, sweatpants, and his coat in the February cold.
“A Jasmine Barbie,” says Rosie promptly.  “For Sullivan.”
Four years after Mary dies, Sherlock lies in his bed, blinking blearily as John knocks at the door yet again.  When it opens, John is preceded by a tiny, feral blonde girl who races across the room and launches herself onto Sherlock’s bed.
“If you see anything to do with this man,” Mycroft said, “or… if you feel unsafe in Mary Watson’s presence—”
“Well.  I’ll just…”
John’s fingers tightened around the handle of his teacup.  Mary had pointed a gun at Sherlock.
