Tony could never tell what possessed him to do it but he climbed into the tiny bed beside Steve, immediately pulling Steve into a hug. Steve’s body stopped shaking as soon as it made contact with Tony’s but he kept moaning still, clearly deep in some nightmare inspired by the Maximoff girl.
Steve lay down, intending to wait until Tony came back out, but he fell asleep quickly, soothed by his exhaustion and the rhythmic sound of water hitting the tiles.
“Fuck, fuck,
“Yes!” said Tony, pumping a fist in the air. “And you’ll sign up for Homecoming King too, right?”
Tony cleared his throat awkwardly. “I’m… gonna go take a  shower,” he said, pointing vaguely in the direction of Clint’s kids’ bathroom. “Clint gave me clothes.”
go to Homecoming with you.”
“And the Homecoming Queen,” Fury continued, sounding bored, “who, in an almost unprecedented turn of events, has earned 100% of the popular vote… is TONY STARK.”
Sighing, Steve quickly changed out of his running clothes, and went downstairs to look for his husband. He considered showering, but gave the thought up in a second. He was too cold to consider going anywhere near water right now, and it had been so cold outside that he’d barely worked up a sweat anyway.
Inevitably though, Steve and Tony were soon cuddled together, trusting the thin blanket over their bodies and the pale light from the TV screen to hide them. Thirty minutes in, Steve wasn’t even watching the movie, more focused on the bright lights shining off Tony’s face, how every frame illuminated his beautiful brown eyes, and how his cheeks sparkled in the low light. He watched as Tony laughed at a particularly funny scene, admiring the multiple laugh lines in his cheeks.
As soon as he opened the door, he was hit with a freezing blast of cold wind on his face, and it took him a few moments to register that the snow outside was almost at hip level. There was no way he could go outside today, even if he wanted to.
“Steve!”
“You’re not him, Tony. You’re different; you’re as smart and amusing as he is, for sure, but you’re also the kindest, most loving, generous, empathetic person I’ve had the pleasure to meet in this century.” Steve ducked down, giving Tony a quick kiss. “Peter is a very lucky baby to have you as a father.”
“You look amazing, Tony,” said Pepper warmly, standing back and admiring her work critically. “If you don’t go home with this guy tonight, I’ll eat my hat.”
Steve gripped his plate carefully, careful not to drop it. Tony bumped into him as he passed, smirking back at Steve as he walked forward. Steve scowled, but he was too preoccupied with his bread to retaliate.
And after the third time Tony offered to wipe his face with a hot towel, it got to be a little too much.
. “It’s been on my list for a while.”
“I don’t think ‘oh’ is the appropriate reaction here, Steve,” said Tony. He was seated next to Steve’s bed, as close as he could possibly get to Steve without climbing onto the bed itself.
“No we don’t.” Tony sighed, leaning into Steve’s chest and wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist. “We gotta change that.”
“Steve— holy shit,
“He’s Steve’s,” said Clint, “He got him last week.”
“I loaf you.”
“Because I love you, you idiot.”
“It’s healthier for you,” Bruce piped up. “It’s not as dehydrating, and the caffeine is less intense, so consuming tea means your blood pressure gets more stable.”
“You didn’t seem to think that when you were fucking me six ways to Sunday!” Steve glared at him, a manic glint in his eyes. “If I’m fit enough to have sex with you, I’m fit enough to go on a mission.”
Tony fisted at the little hairs at the back of Steve’s neck, pressing one last, tiny kiss to his lips before pulling away. They stared at each other, flushed and breathless, eyes twinkling with happiness.
Steve clenched his hands, having to hold himself from crushing Tony’s fingers to dust. Tony winced, but gave Steve a sympathetic pat on the shoulder. The suspense really was excruciating.
“Yeah, this is gonna be great for your ratings. You could even run with the—'' Steve gestured wildly between him and Tony “—angle.”
Steve showed him, trying to hide his pain at even that small movement, and Tony proceeded to lay his leg on a pile of blankets he’d grabbed from god knows where. “Shouldn’t be any pressure,” he mumbled to himself. Steve closed his eyes, just for a moment, but he was dazed and woozy and when he opened them again, the room was much darker and, out of nowhere, Tony was at Steve’s side again. He smiled when he saw Steve’s open eyes
“It’s okay, honey,” he said, petting Steve’s hair as Steve curled sadly into Tony’s chest, tired and exhausted from his orgasm and the asthma attack. “We just gotta be more careful.”
“Fuck you, Rogers,” said Tony. He glared at Steve for a second, but then the wind seemed to blow out of his sails and he slumped against Steve, tired. “I’m sorry. I meant to say, fuck you, Stark-Rogers.”
There was a beat of silence, of hesitation, and then Tony wrapped his hand around Steve’s neck, pulling him closer and kissing him more intensely than Steve could ever have imagined. Steve closed his eyes, falling into the sensation of finally having Tony this close, of finally being able to kiss him the way he’d wanted to for so long.
“You… you’re not joking about this. You’re serious.”
“Tony?” mumbled Steve weakly, and Tony pressed a kiss to his fingertips.
“Who the fuck set that rule up?”
Steve and Tony had been trying to adopt for a long time now, over a year. They’d finally been matched with a young pregnant teenager who didn’t want to keep the baby, but also didn’t want to give it up to the system. He was now one week old, and Steve and Tony were finally meeting their son today. Steve wondered vaguely where the mother was, and if he should offer to meet or even thank her, but at that exact moment, Peter cooed in his arms and any and all higher thought was lost as the husbands collectively
“Fine!” Fury exclaimed, rolling his eyes in what may have been the most blatant show of emotion Tony had ever seen the man display. “You can go, Captain Rogers, and I cannot wait to say “I told you so” when you get hurt in some way.”
“They’re just general interview questions,” Sandi said, more relaxed with the masked superhero now that she knew he was only a young boy. “You can leave it to the editors to make ‘em fit well.”
Steve clenched his hands around the edge of the counter, willing it not to crack under his fingers. Tony had shuffled closer to him at this point, and Steve could almost literally feel the tension and the suspense Tony was feeling.
what I was doing on there, Steve? Work! I was working! You know, the thing I need to do to run my company and keep it alive? The thing that makes enough money for us to have
“Do you even
“I am never working with Americans again,” she muttered under her breath; apparently nobody had told her about Steve’s serum-enhanced senses.
“Thank you, Steve,” said Pepper, looking relieved. “I didn’t think you’d still be here, and I would’ve taken him home, but now I can get back to arguing with the idiot managers of this place.” She pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek and patted Tony’s. “Happy birthday, Tones.”
“I know what you mean,” said Tony, who rested his head on Steve’s chest. “Years of this shit… and all we had to do to fix it was say sorry.” He smiled. “Funny how the kid figured it out before we did.”
“I mean—” Steve broke off a small bit and ate it; undercooked food couldn’t harm him anyway. “It doesn’t taste that bad, Tony. They actually taste really good.”
“My point exactly,” smiled Steve, accepting Tony’s quick kiss to his nose. It was funny because Tony had to lean up to the very tip of his toes to reach Steve’s nose, and even then he couldn’t reach it until Steve took pity on him and leaned slightly down. Steve always took pity on him.
“Well,” said Mary, clearly flustered, “Well, I — of course, this changes things, now—”
“Nothing,” said Steve dreamily. “I’m great. You’re great.”
“You own this place?!”
“They’re my kids’ favourite, I make ‘em all the time,” he said, swooping a hand through his hair for the cameras. He shot Mary a cheeky smile as well, making her blush.
Almost before they know it, their principal, Mr. Fury, was standing on the small stage in the front of the hall. “Students, if you could all just
Admittedly, it was not the best idea he’d ever had, considering Tony tasted like a combination of old alcohol and morning breath. Still, Steve Rogers was nothing if not stubborn, and he stayed pressed to Tony’s lips until the older man pulled away in shock.
“Sleep and rest aren’t the same thing, honey,” said Steve, kissing Tony’s hair again in an attempt to mollify him. It seemed to work, if the way Tony buried his head in Steve’s chest once more was any indication. “How about we go lie down for a bit, huh? You can have all the cuddles you want.”
“Is it bad that I kinda wanna taste your bread?” Tony frowned, popping a piece of Steve’s loaf in his mouth. Steve glared at him and swatted his hand away.
“I’ve loved you since the day you walked into my office and asked me to come to Tokyo with you because you’d forgotten a meeting. I had nothing packed, I didn’t have my passport on me, but you dragged me there anyway. And then you paid off my student loans in return.” Steve paused, trying to get himself under control. “How did you never see that?”
Steve frowned down at Tony, who was staring at his phone and apparently blind and deaf to anything that was going on around him.
He just didn’t expect it to be a
“Should we, what?” asked Tony.
“Not when you’re trying to relax,” said Steve, and Tony wilted a little under his gaze. “You’re supposed to be relaxing and taking a break in bed now, remember?”
“Steve—” Tony tried, but his husband only held onto him harder. They were pressed so close, he could feel Steve’s tears wet his own cheeks.
Clint popped out, shutting the door behind him, leaving Steve and Tony alone together for the first time all day. The smile had vanished off of Tony’s face and he was back to glaring at Steve, almost challenging him. Still, after the day they’d had, Steve didn’t feel like fighting anymore.
honeymoon, not for whatever you’ve got going on between you and your phone,” Steve hissed, slipping Tony’s phone into the deepest pocket of his jacket. “Just.. try to live in the moment a little, Tony.”
“I just had to get this tiny thing done,” said Tony, slipping out of Steve’s arms, and Steve had been with Tony long enough that he knew he had to catch Tony now, or he’d be stuck down here for another several hours.
“That’s not good,” Tony groaned. “We don’t have much food left. And I need to get more materials for Ben’s new suit.”
“Doing what?” he asked innocently, smoothing the sheets of Steve’s bed behind his back.
“For the millionth time, I’m not a
“One and a half-ish,” replied Tony as they walked up to the large lake in the middle of the park. “You were there for his second birthday party, remember?”
“So where do we go from here?”
– wait
“D’you think I should keep him, JARVIS?” he asked, watching the kitten play with his tail on Steve’s bed.
what you mean when you fight in front of me, and for the love of God, do you really think I’m so
Thor smiled, a huge grin covering his face. “It is time for a friendly battle!” he roared, and Mjölnir flew into his hands seemingly out of nowhere. He threw it at a specific spot in the ceiling, where it made a dull thud, and Clint’s shouts of pain floated down to them a minute later.
“I forgive you for the cat,” said Tony quickly. “And anything else you may have done. And please don’t say anything else until I’m done because I have a very good flow of words planned and you’re interrupting it.” Tony paused to take a deep breath. “Okay, so now that I’m done with all the “I’m sorry”s, I have something else to tell you, and I’m begging you not to punch me for it until I’m done.
He pulled away soon, a huge, excited grin still on his face. As Tony released his arms from around Steve’s neck, Steve caught a split-second look at his face — his wide, excited grin, just for Steve; the delighted twinkle of his eyes; the pure
“Well, you already know the part about the knife stuck in your leg,” said Helen Cho, consulting her notes at the side of Steve’s hospital bed. “Actually, I’m not sure how much you know — what’s the last thing you remember before waking up here, Captain?”
Steve and Tony had spent a few days together in the happy bliss of being a new couple, but a couple of days ago, it had hit them both at the exact moment that they’d be competing against each other, in the finals of an internationally-televised baking show. Steve may have been in love with Tony for over a year, but he’d had his fiery, competitive streak in him since the day he was born, and he wasn’t going to let his newfound relationship get in the way of his baking and TV success.
“They approved us,” he said wonderingly, grinning across at Tony who was biting his nails in anticipation. “We can adopt Peter.”
, but it just wouldn’t come out. They were only in the cabin for the weekend, after all, and they’d come here for the sole purpose of fixing their marriage. There was just such a distance between him and Tony, he had no idea how to fix it.
“Feel good,” he said, and then proceeded to throw up all over himself, and a little bit over Steve too.
“Everyone makes mistakes in the kitchen,” said Mary, patting his back gently even as she gulped down a large glass of water. “What matters is that you tried. And your execution was almost perfect.”
“Happy birfday to me,” Tony mumbled as he followed Steve into the car. Happy winked at Steve, but wordlessly drove them back to the Stark Mansion. You didn’t work as someone’s driver and bodyguard for this long without picking up their tells.
“Peter Stark-Rogers sounds good,” said Steve, rubbing a soothing hand up and down Tony’s back. “Peter Stark sounds good too, if you don’t want to share.”
“Tony—”
“Steve, it’s
“I know, I know it’s not that great,” said Steve defeatedly. “I redid it a million times but it never really turned out right, and I know I should've got you something better, but—” Steve was cut off as Mr. Stark pressed a hand to his mouth.
“Tony?” said Steve, pulling away after a couple of minutes. Tony relaxed, laying his head on Steve’s chest and listening to the comforting rhythm of Steve’s strong, wonderful, amazing heart.
“Alright, Avengers, you may begin.”
“Cause I’m too fuckin’ cold to share,” Tony growled, trying to yank the sheets away from Steve. It had no effect — even old and retired, Steve was a super soldier after all —  but Tony kept pulling anyway, muttering obscenities at Steve.
“Now this looks wonderful,” Mary gushed, picking the loaf of bread gently. “The texture is exquisite, and the colour is almost perfect. I”m glad I haven’t eaten all day, I could just devour this myself.”
“Oh, please, I’m not a child anymore,” said Peter, with so much hurt and disdain in his voice that Steve felt his heart break a little bit. “I know you still think of me as a baby, but I can
He looked Tony steadily in the eye. “I didn’t think I’d ever find anyone as perfect as you again, but hey, looked like my profile worked.”
Steve stared happily at Tony, not even minding when Natasha whacked him in the head. He knew he was maybe being a little too obvious with his attraction, but could anyone blame him? It was
Natasha laughed at that. “I’m sorry, tea isn’t going to stabilize anyone’s blood pressure around here,” she said, gesturing vaguely at the destruction around them.
“Tony,” he mumbled between gasps, “Inhaler.”
Steve couldn’t hear him of course, but something in Tony’s voice must have soothed him. He relaxed in Tony’s hold, his cries slowly turning into quiet moans and whimpers.
“We should buy a Christmas tree.”
As Fury muttered his congratulations and placed the crown on Steve’s head, Steve could see, among the throngs of people, Ty Stone growling furiously, a smashed punch glass next to him. He was waving his arm menacingly at his posse, who seemed respectfully terrified, and that, more than anything, sealed the deal for Steve. He grinned down at the crowd, finally letting it sink in. He was Homecoming King! He could see Tony blowing kisses to him from the crowd, mouthing “I’m so proud of you, babe!”
“Well, I’ll need you to make this for me more often.” Steve grinned. He’d never heard Fury pay anyone a compliment before, and it was gratifying being the first person in history to receive one.
“That should be it,” said Clint, spreading a blanket on Tony’s bed haphazardly. “Yell if you need anything, but I’m probably not gonna hear you.” He turned to leave, then turned back for a quick second, “Oh, and Lila says if you take a shower, please don’t use her My Little Pony shampoo.”
“You don’t have to.”
“What can you do?”
—until Bucky Jr. yelped and fell back onto Steve’s lap, startled awake by the loud knock on the door.
“I do deserve better,” Tony agreed, humming quietly as he placed a finally-asleep Peter back inside his small cot. Once he’d made sure Peter hadn’t woken up, he crossed the room and kissed Steve, wrapping his arms tightly around his waist. “And I got it, too.”
, Nat?” She smacked him upside the head again.
“I know, baby,” said Steve, holding Tony even tighter. “I know. But we’ll do it together. Peter is worth it.”
“I’ll leave you two alone,” smiled the nurse. “Don’t over-excite him Mr. Stark; I’ve never seen a patient with worse blood pressure than his.” Tony paid no attention to her, stroking Steve’s hair as the nurse left, shutting the door behind her.
“How about we skip coffee and go straight to dinner?”
He watched Bucky Jr. as he fell asleep, his eyes closing slowly, his furry little chest rising and falling in a pleasing rhythm, until—
,” he yelled, “I’m here to name the winners of the title of this year’s Homecoming King and Queen.”
,” said Steve, his unusual confidence probably a result of the champagne. “I’m not a child, Mr.— Tony. I pay bills and do taxes and make my own doctor’s appointments,
Bruce nodded in agreement, still clutching his tea, which Steve could see now had flecks of paint and plaster in it from the destruction raging around them. “I’d leave them alone, Cap.”
“Give me back my blanket, Steven.”
“If you think I’d stoop that low for a raise, fuck you, Tony.”
“Oh, shut up, kid,” said Tony, but he seemed pleased. Steve could tell, because at this point, he’d been in love with Mr. Stark for so long, he knew every minute detail about the man. “Nah, actually, keep it comin’.” He clinked their glasses together and watched as Mr. Stark downed the whole flute in one go. Steve was much more hesitant — he knew what a lightweight he was, and he’d never tried champagne before, so this was something he’d have to do slowly.
“I believe so,” he said thoughtfully, “but it may not be easy. My brother is not easily found when he wishes to hide himself, and some forms of magic, especially the ones that involve such a large change, cannot be fully reversed.”
“Well, you’re a great friend to have at your sickbed, Thor, that’s for sure.” Thor beamed, apparently mistaking Steve’s sarcasm for a genuine compliment, and Tony suddenly remembered why he’d fallen for the man in the first place.
A few days of rest never killed anyone.
As he’d expected, Tony was still awake, looking a little bit worse for wear. His eyes were manic and tired at the same time, and his clothes were stained with grease and coffee stains from probably more than the recommended daily amount.
“And so what if I did?” Steve’s smirk slid off his face as Tony nipped harder at his neck. “This is a competition, and I’m gonna win.”
Tony laughed. “Steve, we brought Peter here just last month. I know I’m getting old, but I’m not forgetting stuff that fast. Besides—” he slipped a hand into Steve’s and Steve grinned, ignoring the stares they were getting, “—isn’t this where we first met?”
“That’s fine. Thanks Clint,” said Steve sincerely. “You know Tony and I can sleep on the couch, right? I’ll even take the floor if you want. Laura can have the bed.” Clint waved his concerns away dismissively.
“I loaf you berry much too, Steve Rogers.”
!” Steve spluttered, blushing so hard he couldn’t look anyone in the eye. “We haven’t… we’re not…”
Steve stayed quiet for a moment, trying to digest everything that had just happened. “He does have a point, though.”
“Can we have the rest of the tray when you’re done?”
“I must’ve been fucking exhauted to put that in,” Tony growled. “J, new command: I can override whatever the fuck I want to.”
“First of all, kid, you gotta stop calling me that. It’s ‘Tony’, or I’ll quit being your friend.” Tony smiled at him, letting Steve know he wasn’t really mad. Which was good, because Steve was more than a little anxious about things like this. “And second, I thought you didn’t drink?”
“Can we turn me back?” asked Steve, and this time, Thor took longer to respond.
Steve held his bread as both judges broke a piece off his loaf and held it up to the light.
And today, he told himself, today was the day he was finally going to man up and speak to the pretty little barista.
Tony shot his repulsors at random as he carried Steve in his arms, flying at practically the speed of light to get back to the Tower. Steve weighed no more than a sack of potatoes, and was just as limp, head flopping side to side as Tony flew him back.
“He’s so
“Tony wouldn’t say no. He’s let us do anything and everything we want in here. Compared to Clint’s popcorn machine, a kitten isn’t even that bad.”
“Tony, what the hell are you talking about—”
“Tony,” he said, as Tony bustled around at the foot of Steve’s bed, fussing about his sheets, “Why are you doing this?”
“So you’re saying I’m gonna be stuck like this forever?”
,” said Steve, “I know for a fact you’d never have gotten this for yourself.”
Pulling out, Tony quickly wiped Steve up and then slipped into the bed beside him. He pulled Steve into his arms, cuddling him until he fell asleep. He noticed how stiff and uncomfortable Steve was in his arms, and made a mental note to tell the doctors to up his dose of painkillers.
“Until they cost me the best thing that’s ever come into my life,” said Steve fiercely, and really, Tony couldn't have done anything else other than kiss him.
Mary was now very specifically instructing them that all dough had to be kneaded by hand, and he most definitely had an advantage in that area, too. If he’d deliberately worn a two-sizes-too-small, figure-hugging polo to set today with the sole intention of making his arms seem bigger… well that was nobody else’s concern.
“It’s only weird because you’re American, Clint,” snapped Peter, who was in full Spider-Man costume. He was fiddling with his phone, not having to go through hair and makeup with the rest of the crowd. “It was always called the Bake Off, but they changed the name in America because we’re too stupid.”
“I feel great,” Steve lied obstinately. He didn’t feel great, not at all. His leg was throbbing so badly he could barely stand it, and every part of his body was exhausted. “And you saved my life, Tony. I’d have a third foot if it wasn’t for you.”
I wouldn’t notice you don’t sleep in the same bed anymore?” Peter’s voice cracked a little then, but he held in his tears as only a teenage boy could. “Please just… get divorced already. I can deal with two parents, but I can’t deal with… whatever this is.” A small sob escaped him, one he couldn’t hold in.
From a distant corner of the cabin, they heard Peter yell. “
Tony smiled at that, smiled so widely that Steve’s heart leapt in his chest at the knowledge that
“Steve, honey, it’s sweet that you’re so worked up about this but —”
Baby steps.
He took a second to glance up at Tony, and smirked. Tony was, in theory, kneading his dough, but more often than not, he stopped to stare at Steve, completely pausing his work to drool over Steve’s biceps. More than once, Steve noticed one of the other Avengers having to roughly poke Tony in the side to get him to turn back to his dough, and invariably, Tony would be back to staring in five minutes.
“Today, you’re going to make a traditional pie, with any flavours or fillings you like,” said Mary Berry, her clear voice holding everyone’s attention. “This is your chance to show off your creativity and personality in your food. Make it as wild and as exotic as you like! The only requirement is that it tastes good.”
“Not that I’m not into this,” Steve gasped as Tony pulled away to place harsh kisses on his neck, “but what’s gotten into you?”
“I don’t trust what people put on their dating profiles,” said Tony dryly. He had to admit though, that this date seemed impressively well-qualified, so much so that Tony was pretty sure at least part of it was made up. Tony didn’t know any names, as the dating website’s rules stated, but ManWithAPlan was a military veteran, with a strong liking for both art and injured animals. He described himself as “tall and blonde”, exactly Tony’s preference, and even made it a point to state that he didn’t want children. That was the most important part of it all for Tony, given that… well…
“If you want to,” he said, picking up one of Tony’s bags as well as his own. He gave Tony a second to reconsider, and then, at his slight nod, began carrying their luggage inside, feeling the weight on his chest lift a little bit.
Steve frowned. “The son he never— what about you? You’re his son. I’ve heard about how much of a genius you were as a child, I mean, a circuit board at age four? That’s brilliant, Tony. Howard must have been so proud.” Tony laughed, but there was no humor in it; it was cold and a touch hysterical.
While that feeling hadn’t really left him since he’d come here, he had to admit it was a lot better when he was surrounded by his friends and teammates, rather than polite but unknown SHIELD agents. And it was all thanks to Tony.
Tony let out a hearty laugh at that. “Kid, don’t let me turning another year older after I’ve already lived through forty-nine of ‘em be the reason you break your sobriety streak.” Steve felt himself blush. He did enjoy the age-difference dynamic between them — at 25, Mr. Stark was quite literally double his age — but he couldn’t have the man think of him as a child forever.
“I don’t remember shit.” Tony sat up and looked around him, frowning. “How’d I get back up here? I don’t think I pay Happy enough for this.”
“How much did you have to drink?” he asked, exasperated but fond as Tony collapsed into the chair next to his.
, and he was sure Tony felt the same way. They’d made brownies together several times for the team, and even before he met Tony, he’d been baking brownies all his life. Steve knew he could do this. This wasn’t going to be a challenge at all.
is an appropriate response to that, Steve! Why the fuck are we sending
“It’s okay,” said Steve quietly, trying not to press his body against Tony’s the way he so dearly wanted to. “It’s okay. We can do this alone some other time.”
“Good work, boys,” Fury started, looking over them approvingly. “You can have a break until we have to resume filming.” The cameramen around them sagged in relief, but Tony didn’t seem to notice, tugging at Steve’s sleeve insistently. Steve followed him, confused.
“He probably said worse, but I turned your phone off.”
No one else could see anything, but trusting Thor, they began to pull away at the rocks and rubble until, finally, the red, blue and white vibranium shield came into view. Steve was curled into a ball underneath it, which the others could only tell because a single blue boot peeked out of the side.
“How long have you known about this, exactly? And why for the love of
Be there for them at a time of need? Steve had held Tony in his arms as he cried over his breakup with Pepper, trying not to feel guilty over the fact that he was actually
Steve woke up entirely too quickly, roused by the groaning that seemed loud enough to wake the dead. Steve stumbled quickly out of bed, or the couch if you were to be pedantic, rushing towards Tony and trying to rub the exhaustion out of his eyes.
“Nothing to be sorry for,” said Tony, smiling slightly before standing up and walking to the other end of the bed, lifting Steve’s blanket to reveal his hurt leg. “Now, where does it hurt?”
“Well, Avengers, thank you so much for your time,” said Sandi happily. She and Noel seemed to be the only ones with any energy left in them at all; the Avengers were drooping, Peter had fallen asleep on a makeup table, and Tony’s suit was almost wrinkled (the horror!). “We’ll see you again next week for the first round!”
“Not a big fan of animals the Other Guy could crush,” was his only explanation, and none of the others asked for details.
When there was no part of his body he could conceivably clean anymore, he wrapped a towel around himself and walked out of the bathroom. The Avengers had changed in and out of their suits in front of each other so many times that he was no longer embarrassed.
“The two bakers going forward to the finals… are Captain Rogers, and Mr. Tony Stark!” Mary shot them her gentle smile, but Steve had tuned out everything after the words “Tony Stark”, turning to the man at his side, more excited than he ever remembered feeling. Tony pulled him into a hug, and Steve hugged him back just as tightly, basking for a moment in the cheers around them, and the feel of Tony’s arms around his neck.
Steve looked over at Tony, who glanced back at him. They knew what had happened, but Steve doubted he’d be able to explain it in a way that made sense to Peter. Hell, sometimes it didn’t even make sense to
“Let’s hope he doesn’t rip his shirt in half like he did last year,” agreed Tony, settling into Steve’s side.
Tony shook his head. “You can’t. You can’t love me.”
“No, Tony!” said Steve quickly, stumbling over his words to try and get Tony to see the point. “I've been reading
Mary was being wonderfully earnest, but Steve felt nothing but annoyed. Why couldn’t they just get to the results already?
But, well, no time like the present, right?
“Really, boss?” Happy yelled from up front, but Steve didn’t care, focusing more on keeping Tony from falling head-first into his own vomit.
Tony almost collapsed with the relief he felt, the tears he’d been holding back for hours, now threatening to surface. He wiped at his face angrily. “Can we see him?”
The team let out a unanimous sigh of understanding. They’d all been there, after all, for the epic screaming match between their leaders, after one of their first missions together as a team after the Battle of New York. It had gotten heated and ugly, with neither of them willing to back down, and Tony had exploded and said some not-exactly-very-nice things to Steve before storming away. He’d avoided Steve like the plague that week, locking himself in his workshop and only coming up to the communal floor for meals if he knew Steve wasn’t there.
to remember that, Steve,
.” He laughed a little, wiping his tears off his face. “
Steve sat there the rest of the night, wallowing in his thoughts. He hated parties anyway, he’d only come to this one because it was for Tony, and he’d go home right now if he didn’t know Tony would need him afterwards. His official job title might have been Tony’s ‘Personal Assistant’, but this job went way outside what it had said in the job description.
“That’s definitely more of a hot chocolate book,” Tony agreed, and Steve felt his heart leap. Finally! Common ground!
“You two make my life a living hell,” Fury mumbled, glaring at Steve and Tony out of his one good eye. “You’re lucky the cameras weren’t on or I’d have kicked you out of the fuckin’ team myself.”
“You know what you have to say.”
them, Thunderbolt,” said Fury exasperatedly, which only made Thor more confused.
And Tony sympathized with Steve, he really and truly did, but… he was also a man with needs. And even seeing Steve in this state, broken and small and tired, well… he was still the hottest man in the world to Tony.
“Steve… it hurts,” moaned Tony, pouting up at Steve with a hand covering his eyes. Steve had to stop himself from pulling a sketchbook out and drawing this image — Tony looked every inch a renaissance model. Even at fifty.
“Shh, shh, honey. You’ve given me enough post-injury blowjobs by now that I know exactly how to make you feel better.”
Speaking of Tony, Steve entered their bedroom to see that Tony really had fallen asleep again. He’d pulled the blankets all the way up to his head in an effort to keep away the cold, and only his head of thick grey hair was visible. Steve smiled, stepping back into his sleep clothes as quickly as possible and huddling under the covers himself. He untucked the nice thick blanket from under stony and pulled it over him, sighing in relief at how good the warmth felt on his cold skin. This was absolute
“We’re leaving in another forty-eight hours, I don’t see much point in unpacking,” said Tony coldly, and turned back to his coffee. Steve sighed and left the kitchen, taking his mug with him.
Steve scowled, and Tony figured he’d better come to the rescue. “Steve, honey,” he started gently, “We both know you aren’t fit enough for this mission.”
“It’s a long story,” Tony said, turning away and walking further behind the counter. Steve’s heart fell for a split second, before he noticed that Tony had taken his apron off and was now walking back towards Steve. “How about I tell you over a cup of hot chocolate?”
“That’s just not fair,” he heard Clint grumble to Natasha. “He used Cap’s dough! He didn’t make it himself! It shouldn’t count!”
“Not in the mood for coffee today?”
The girls won’t know what hit them.” He giggled happily as he signed his name on the pink sheet, and Steve, staring at Tony with more love than he’d ever felt for anyone, decided that he’d follow this man to the ends of the earth.
“You can pick which bedroom you want, Peter,” said Tony quietly. The log cabin, which Tony had inherited from his father, was a large, luxurious place, with everything from a central heating system to a swimming pool — not that they could use it now, in the dead of winter. There were three bedrooms, including an enormous master bedroom, but Steve knew why Tony was letting Peter pick first. Steve wasn’t sure he wanted to be sleeping in the same bed with Tony either.
“I feel like I can’t breathe,” Tony sobbed, clutching onto Steve even tighter. “Everything here reminds me of the Ten Rings, and I don’t
“You may eat them now,” said Thor happily, popping a solid piece of brownie into his mouth. Mary recovered her wits sufficiently enough to shake her head, and move onto Clint’s station.
The judges and Sandi stared at the stylist like she was crazy, but Noel took it in his stride. “Come along, then,” he called happily, raising a gracious arm to allow Wanda to go out first.
“Stop looking at me like that, I get it,” he said. “We broke up, it was mutual, and you don’t need to worry about it.”
“Bakers, you may begin.”
“But… but this is so
Steve ignored him. “D’you think I can carry him now?” He made himself comfortable in the soft armchair, grabbing hold of the baby carefully as Tony passed the bundle of blankets to him. “He’s so
Clint and Wanda seemed to have done the best, at least at first glance. Their pies looked clean and crispy, and neither of their cooking stations was a disaster area. Steve crossed his fingers as Mary cut into Clint’s pie, praying for it to not be better than his.
“Oh well, I guess I’ll just resell the tickets I bought to next month’s Dodgers game—” Tony burst out laughing as Steve smacked him in the head.
“I helped Tony out because he was struggling!” said Steve, grateful that the night sky hid the blush on his cheeks. “I didn’t do it because—”
“I burnt them,” said Steve defeatedly. “I burnt the damn brownies.”
“Well, you will need to study your mother’s recipe again, dear,” said Mary weakly. “I’m sure she never made it quite this… spicy.”
“How d’you feel?”
, he scolded himself, stopping his pacing abruptly. He grabbed the mixing bowl filled to the brim with popcorn and stalked back outside.
He shook slightly again, but this time from the cold. Even his serum-boosted metabolism was no match for the winds and snow outside, and his extremities were… well, he didn’t want to say
“Today is all about getting your soundbites and the interviews. You’ll not need to be all dolled up when you’re baking,” Sandi smiled, and Peter raised his hand. “Yes, uh… Spider-Man?”
Now, Tony couldn’t help noting the irony of having his first real date after having his heart broken… in the same place that he’d had his heart broken, down to the very same table and waitress. Tony had switched sides, not wanting to have to deal with all of those memories once more.
He didn’t even know
“Most babies do tend to be soft,” said Tony dryly, but even he couldn’t help smiling as Peter waved a vague hand out of his blanket. He’d just been fed and he was happy and alert, looking up at his new fathers with curious blue eyes. “I can’t believe anyone could give him up.”
wanted to snuggle up into his side, but he resisted. They were the co-leaders of the Avengers, and this was only the team’s second mission together. He couldn’t let Steve see him as weak.
Steve deflated like a popped balloon. Somehow, Mary’s disappointment pierced him harder than Fury’s anger.
He’d found the poor thing on his morning run, cold and starved behind one of New York City’s many huge dumpsters. It had looked up at Steve from a pile of rags, little green eyes shining in the cold, and let out a sad, plaintive mew. How was Steve supposed to ignore that?
“So… I’m okay?”
“WHat Mary is trying to say,” said Fury, cutting her off, “IS THAT YOU ARE BOTH DISQUALIFIED!”
“Tony…”
“Okay, okay, okay, I can do this,” Tony said, seemingly more to comfort himself than to comfort Steve. “Okay, Steve, so this is probably going to hurt — what the fuck am I saying, of
— had enough money to buy the whole world and everything in it ten times over. He wouldn’t want the stupid, homemade stuff Steve made for him. He watched nervously as Tony pulled the ribbon off, resisting the urge to shut his eyes in shame as Tony pulled his gift out.
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly, trying not to wake Peter up. “But you really did deserve better, Tony. Howard didn’t know what an amazing son he had.”
“And the bookstore,” Tony confirmed, laughing at the gobsmacked look on Steve’s face. “My name’s Tony Stark.”
The next second, Steve found himself on the floor, bowled over by his husband, who’d  flown clear across the room in an enthusiastic need to hug Steve lifeless. Steve instinctively wrapped an arm around his husband’s waist, using the other arm to break their fall
“It does
to me,” Steve said weakly. “It’s… weird.”
So much for trying not to be noticed.
“Look, they’ve opened the votes for King and Queen.” Tony squealed excitedly. “You wanna go vote, Steve?”
Steve grinned in spite of himself, taking Tony’s hand in his own. He kissed Tony one more time for good measure, grinning as Fury’s scowl deepened and Mary’s smile grew bigger.
“We’re not… we just… this was supposed to be our first
Steve was smiling like an idiot as well, but he tried his best to keep a straight face.
Dinner was not a happy meal. Peter had been forced out of his room — “We’re a family, and we’re going to eat together” — but the atmosphere was tense and awkward. Peter alternated between playing despondently with his food, and shovelling down mouthfuls so he could leave as quickly as possible. Steve didn’t have the heart to correct his table manners, not when the tension between him and Tony was so thick, they could cut it with a knife.
He loved this man so, so much.
“You wore this on purpose,” Tony mumbled. “You
Fifteen minutes later, Steve shut his oven with a smile, wiping the sweat off his forehead. His brownies both looked and smelled amazing, and the bit of batter he’d tasted had been almost orgasmic. He’d decided to stay away from tradition this time, going for a recipe he’d made once before: dark chocolate brownies with a swirled cheesecake layer on top, and they’d been an absolute hit at the Avengers’ movie night. With any luck, that would help him beat Tony and Clint, who were reasonably competent bakers.
“I’m not,” mumbled Tony quietly. “I’m fine. Just cold.” He muttered, “and terrified,” under his breath.
He was so beautiful that Steve could barely hear what he was saying, too absorbed in taking in this gorgeous man to his fill. When he finally did register what Tony had said, Steve almost spat his mouthful of hot chocolate over him, which would have been a waste since it really did taste amazing.
“Might get us more attention,” Steve shrugged. “More money for people with cancer. Don’t you have any empathy for
“Oh god,” said Tony. “Oh god, oh fuck, oh
“If I go in, I’m not leaving until he wakes up,” Tony said, glaring at the others, “so if you want to see him, you have two minutes. Total.”
“But I need my coffee,” he whined, before making a beeline for Clint. “Gimme yours.”
Steve pulled him in for a kiss again, trying to tell Tony everything he couldn't just say with his words. By the way Tony’s eyes were shining, the message had gotten through, loud and clear, and it was another couple of hours before either of them whispered their apologies to each other once more.
the caffeine!”
“I can't wait to marry you either,” laughed Steve, his eyes glinting as he reached for Tony’s hand, “But there’s just one small problem.”
“Fine,” grumbled Tony, burying himself into Steve’s chest again. He took the mug Bruce handed him, making a face but drinking it all down without complaint. “Tea and then cuddles.”
Slowly, gently, Natasha reached her petite hand to lift the shield away. None of the Avengers were prepared for the sight that greeted them below it.
“This isn’t like a test or a job interview, kid,” said Clint, exasperated. “You don’t have to prepare anything.”
“I tried.”
“At least we’ll be alone for a bit,” he offered, and Steve had to smile at that. Only Tony could switch moods so quickly.
It took a couple of seconds for the image in front of him to sink in
“I’m not getting up again,” said Steve. “Why can’t we share?”
“—That we need to talk about? I know. So let’s talk about it, and stop ignoring each other.” Tony flushed, and, in a flash of courage, or possibly madness, Steve reached over the table and grabbed his husband’s hand. “Tony, look at me.” Staring into his husband’s honey-brown eyes, Steve wondered how they had ever gotten to this point. How had he forgotten how much he really loved this man?
“It’s stupid,” said Tony, blushing a little bit, and Steve could feel his heart soften as he took in the soft red on Tony’s cheeks. “I just — I noticed you were a regular at the shop, sometimes, but I never got a chance to talk to you. And then when I saw you were here at the same time every week, I figured picking up one shift a week wouldn’t kill me.” He smiled shyly at Steve. “I’ve been working here for three months trying to pluck up the courage to talk to you. I’m an idiot, huh?”
“I am not sure,” said Thor from where he was seated next to Steve’s bed. “It might be one of my brother’s usual jokes, but I do not believe it is anything more sinister.”
There’d been no whimpering in Maximoff’s vision.
“We are terrible parents, Steve.”
does that star-spangled icicle think he’s trying to pull?”
Fury immediately moved to Thor in the second row, and Mary followed him, hesitating. Thor graciously cut both judges a slice of his pie… which looked almost perfect. Steve’s jaw dropped at the shock of seeing Thor’s perfectly cooked-through pie, with a wonderfully soft filling and a delicious crust. Even from a few stations away, he could tell Thor’s pie would be one of the best tonight. Fury did not look at all happy about the result, but Mary was in raptures, praising Thor’s work. Steve privately resolved to ask Thor to share his lightning-cooking skills with him next time.
“Well, you’re not wrong.” The attention had turned away from them now, the cameras rushing to interview the other Avengers for their views on this stunning twist. Steve pulled Tony closer, slightly bolder now that they were in private, and kissed him softly. “You’re as sweet as my apple pie, Tony Stark.”
of our senior year!” He batted his lashes pleadingly in Steve’s direction. “Everyone’s gonna be there, Steve, we’d be total
“In my defense, your English fruits don’t cook well,” he called out, only to flail under the combined death glares of a dozen cameramen, as well as Noel and Sandi.
Bucky Jr. had his cat bed moved outside that night, but he had a strangely satisfied smirk on his face as he slept.
“Are you sure you’re okay with this?” asked Tony, a week later. They were alone together for the first time since the battle, the doctors having finally released Steve when they agreed that there was nothing more that they could do to help him.
“You’ll understand when you’re in a relationship, someday.”
shit,” Tony gritted out. He tried once more to restart the gauntlet of the Iron Man armour, but no dice. It was deader than they would be in a couple of hours if they didn’t
he was so nervous. He’d watched movies with Tony a million times before, and they always turned out great. Tonight was no different. Even if it was their first official date.
He forced his attention back to his loaf, pulling it out as soon as the timer hit thirty seconds. The smell of freshly-baked bread wafted across the tent as soon as he opened the oven, the scent of a perfect bake.
Bruce coughed into his palm. “Favouritism,” he coughed again, and Steve gave him a betrayed look.
Steve was shocked, and utterly speechless. Tony had never spoken about his childhood much, and Steve had assumed growing up famous and a child prodigy wasn’t exactly the easiest of childhoods, so he’d never asked about it, out of respect for Tony’s privacy. “Howard… he never…?”
. They’d felt up to having sex for the first time in a long time, as Steve had given Tony a slow, sweet blowjob that ended with Steve releasing in his pants as well. They’d fallen asleep soon after, too tired for anything else. Apparently, Tony had been too tired to even put his pants back on.
“I didn’t do it ‘cause I’m your friend,” he huffed, trying not to let his voice tremble too much. “I did it because I love you.”
“I just… I just thought you were a good PA. That you wanted a raise or something. By being my friend.”
“Take a chill pill, Nick, we didn’t do anything too bad.” A team of makeup artists and hair stylists had descended on Tony now, trying desperately to fix his hair in the thirty seconds before the cameras turned back on.
“I love you too, Steve. I love you too.”
“She says she sleeps down there all the time anyway. Better for her back or something.” He looked disgusted. “After all the energy I put into dragging that mattress home from the dumpster, too.”
, he told himself,
Tony’s shoulders slumped, and he looked down at the table, avoiding his husband’s eye. “Steve… it’s not that simple. There’s so much—”
“Are you serious?” Fury barked as Steve and Tony re-entered the marquee, hand-in-hand and with identical grins on their faces. Steve looked about presentable, but Tony’s hair was a wild, sticking-out mess; anyone over the age of thirteen would’ve been able to tell what the ‘urgent Avengers business’ had been about.
“My, Captain, these do look nice,” said Mary, stunned, She lifted a perfect brownie square with her fingers, examining it from all angles. “Is that cheesecake?”
When Steve had finally got his breathing in order, Tony brought him a cup of cold water and a quick handjob, trying to take the edge off.
Rhodey snorted. “After we watched you almost kill yourself, I think we’ve earned the right to worry about you,” he said, firm but kind. “Just… let go of Steve for one night, okay? See if you can’t make this work out. This guy sounds like he’d be perfect for you.”
“Clint’s were probably better, though,” Tony sighed, resting his elbows on the counter. “At least they were edible… in a way. And it was original, and looked good.”
Tony looked at himself, like he couldn’t really comprehend what Steve was saying. “You… carried me home?”
Steve set the phone down, unable to stop the wide grin spreading across his face.
“Tony, we’re being filmed!”
“I feel like me winning a title with the word ‘queen’ in it should be offensive somehow,” Tony frowned. “But I don’t really care. I’m here. I’m with you. And I’m gonna remember this night forever.”
Tony grinned into the kiss. “We were mint to be, Steve Rogers.”
“This is beautiful, Miss Maximoff,” said Mary, holding one perfect slice up in the air and sounding almost surprised. “Your dough is cooked perfectly, and it’s wonderfully light and flaky. I can’t wait to try it.”
Steve looked around him nervously. Now that he was actively trying to avoid it, he realized he’d never noticed how fully the marquee was covered with cameramen and assistants and producers. Not to mention the judges, and the hosts Sandi and Noel, who kept walking around the tent and watching everything. Stealing Tony’s brownies without anyone noticing would be almost impossible.
Steve had loved reading for as long as he could remember. A pale, scrawny and sickly child, Steve had spent most of his childhood in bed or in the hospital, where all he had for entertainment were his beloved books. Even in the little time he wasn’t sick, he was too weak to be able to play with the other children and join in their rambunctious games, and he spent every recess period reading quietly in the library.
Tony pressed a quick kiss to his forehead. “I know. It’s okay.”
“Steve! You won! You WON!” yelled Tony gleefully, giving Steve a quick harsh kiss before pulling him off the chair and pushing him in the direction of the stage. Steve walked numbly to where Mr. Fury was standing, only saved from bumping into the crowd because everyone respectfully made a path for him to walk through. Even as he walked up to the stage, he had no idea what was happening. He had won? But
“Pete, it’s freezing out there. You won’t be able to see anything through that snow!” Tony exclaimed.
“Well, I tried.”
“Steve?” whispered Tony cautiously, climbing out of his bed. As he got closer, Steve’s whispered mumbles got a lot clearer.
“You’ve done wonderfully, Captain Rogers,” said Mary, beaming. “If you ever retire from the Avengers, you should think about a career in baking.”
The air around them exploded with cheers, and Steve pulled Tony into a bear hug. “We won. Officially.”
“So we don’t actually get to bake today?” asked Bruce wistfully. He was the only one who seemed to be prepared for a baking contest, wearing sensible shoes and a regular t-shirt and jeans, standing in stark contrast to the others, who were wearing ten-thousand-dollar business suits (Tony) or their superhero outfits (everyone else).
“I haven’t agreed with your father much lately, but I can agree with him on that,” said Tony, placing a kiss on Peter's forehead. “We love you so much Peter, and I haven’t regretted adopting you for a second.”
“Do you want...?” Tony trailed off, gesturing to the bigger bedroom.
“I think he was trying to tell you,” said Clint quickly, trying to mitigate the damage. “He just, uh, couldn’t find the opportunity.”
“Not really. But that’s how your fans are going to see it, so I guess—” Nick trailed off, scowling. “I’m not gonna say it.”
“But… but… why are you… I mean, why do you work here if you already—”
was the one who’d caused it. He’d made Tony Stark smile.
“That’s the best thing you can say about them?”
Tony looked amazing, he noticed, his olive-toned skin glowing in the direct sunlight. The black shirt and skinny jeans he wore highlighted every inch of muscle, and Steve could tell, under the loose t-shirt, Tony was really very well built. And his honey-brown eyes that Steve had always loved, well, they were a beautiful golden colour in the sun, and Steve couldn’t stop staring at them.
“So you pulled me out of my lab for nothing?!”
unconscious. Nothing can knock me out for that long. And
“You’re not allowed in the Tower until you go out and get me some real coffee, Barton,” Tony growled, panting and exhausted. “Don’t tell me Hawkeye can’t see in a blizzard.” Clint’s indignant protests floated out of the vent, but Tony moved to stomp on his fingers, and after a pained yell, Barton and his handkerchief disappeared, presumably to get coffee. Tony and Thor high-fived each other as Steve watched in exasperation.
“Barton, are you
“And also that it’s cooked through and edible,” growled Fury from beside her. “You’ve got to give these idiots very specific instructions, or they’ll end up serving us fruit-flavoured soup with dough croutons.” Mary looked disapprovingly at Nick, while Peter and Wanda stifled giggles behind their hands. “And make
“New commands cannot be authenticated until after you have been away from alcoholic substances for forty-eight hours, and had eight consecutive hours of sleep.”
Oh. It was Tony.
Neither, it seemed, was Tony.
“How am I a billionaire but I only have one bottle of perfume in this entire goddamn tower?” he mumbled, clutching the bottle tightly. “Fine.” He held his breath as Pepper sprayed it on strategic areas of his body, looking down to avoid their pitying glances.
That did something to Steve’s heart.
Tony opened his eyes almost immediately, scowling at Steve when he saw him.
Steve gently peeled the jacket and tie off, easing the first few buttons of Tony’s shirt open. He held his breath as he peeled Tony’s trousers off, and washed him off as best he could. There were several lines he wanted to cross with Tony, but undressing him to the point of nakedness while he was drunk and unable to consent was not something Steve liked.
And they kissed once more in the light of the London sunset.
“Yeah, but we also need to be able to
Since they hadn’t known beforehand what they were going to be asked to bake, every morning for the last few days had found the Avengers being treated to any and all kinds of baked goods, with both Steve and Tony practicing furiously in hopes of winning. The team hadn’t complained — this way, they were getting an unlimited supply of free treats, and as a bonus, they didn’t have to see their unofficial team leaders necking in every hidden corner.
It just
Steve sighed, resolving to just leave without his beanie. It was a quick trip to SHIELD headquarters, and he’d have no use for it once he was inside the building.
, not
“The Queen of Hearts was the villain in that book, Tony,” smiled Steve, but the smile disappeared almost as quickly as it came. “Tony… you’re delirious.”
“Weirdly enough, I like dating you too.” Tony pulled the blanket towards them and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. “You’re very nice to look at. And sleep on.”
“My scans indicate that this kitten has had a very positive effect on your mental health, Captain. I would advise you to keep it.”
“—but I can’t keep telling you to get over him, Tony.” She placed her hands on her hips, exasperated. “Wasn’t this the whole point of today?” Tony had the grace to look a little ashamed of himself. He really did feel like a dick for putting Pepper and Rhodey through all of this, especially when they’d tried so hard to get him this date, and with how happy they’d seemed when he agreed to it.
“You’re not that bad,” said Steve loyally. He’d always defend Tony, even to Tony. “Just a few too many drinks last night.”
“What’s that?”
Noel came sprinting into the marquee, a small phone held aloft in his hand as he ran towards the judges. He came to a pause next to Steve and Tony, taking deep panting breaths.
“Just tryin’ to make my country proud, ma’am,” he said, putting on his most charismatic manner, learned from years of being a public idol. It wasn’t wasted on Mary Berry, who flushed and had to hide her giggles. Nick Fury just stared at him, unimpressed.
“Y’smell good,” Tony slurred as Steve carried him bodily to his way-too-big-for-one-person bed. “Like ya smell, Steeb.”
The crowd broke into their loudest cheer yet, and Steve heard random phrases from the crowd. “You two are the cutest couple ever!” “We stan gay boys!” “Kiss already!” “You guys make me believe in love!” Suddenly, he knew exactly how he and Tony had won.
“JARVIS, save everything where Tony’s left it and shut it all down, will you?”
Steve stared out of the window, into the swirling snow, and the beautiful Christmassy scene outside their cabin. It hadn’t felt like Christmas for a long time, he realized, not when he and Tony were too busy bickering to try to make their home seem festive or cheerful.
Steve smiled wider than he had all evening, offering his hand to Tony. Tony accepted, blushing prettily, and Steve led him to the dance floor, standing in position as the music picked up.
“No, but I’d like someone else to go first, please,”
Tony laughed. “Only you, Steve.” He pressed a quick kiss to Steve’s lips. “I’m sorry about today.”
“When I get my hands on you, you stupid bird—”
“I wish you didn’t have to leave tomorrow,” Tony mumbled, feeling buoyed by the fact that he wasn’t looking directly at Steve. “SHIELD’s doing this to us on purpose, I swear.”
,” said Steve again, running a hand through his sweaty hair. His voice was trembling, but he couldn’t seem to let go of Tony.
Steve stared at him. “Why… but what if your other one doesn’t bake well?” he asked a little hoarsely.
“Welcome to the family, then,” said Steve with a smile, and the kitten paused and let himself be petted, almost as if he understood exactly what Steve was saying.
He was still less embarrassed when the light from the open bathroom door fell on Steve’s figure, clearly asleep. Tony dropped his towel and pulled on Clint’s sweatpants, staring at Steve all the while. The Captain looked…
“Peter Benjamin Parker,” said Tony sharply. “Don’t swear at us.”
seemed so… formal, for something they did in their pyjamas essentially every weekend. But this… this really was their first date, which they decided would be better than trying to face the hordes of paparazzi if they’d had their first date somewhere public. Tony was seated in front of the giant TV right now, all soft and cozy and
Steve was riding the high of their combined win, and maybe it was that, or maybe it was the way Tony was pressed against him, or maybe it was just Tony’s
Clint was the first to stand up after the movie was done, much to everyone’s surprise, since he was usually the person staying until after the credits, boring everyone with his knowledge of the movie industry. Today, he stood up and ran across the room.
Taking the hint, Tony leaned over Steve, kissing him gently. He started off slow, not wanting to exhaust Steve’s body too much, but a couple of minutes in, he’d started to thrust harder and harder, the thrill of having sex with a new body for the first time in a few years making it all the more exciting. Clenching his hands in Steve’s hair and using it as leverage, he drove himself harder, working on Steve’s body at the same time. This wasn’t as intense as their usual routine, but Tony couldn’t pretend that the sight of Steve skinny and defenseless under him didn’t turn him on a little bit.
Steve smiled, pressing a soft kiss to Tony’s forehead. “I love you too.”
. He felt happy, content, and more than ready to stay this way forever.
“I love you too much to let you loose, honeybear,” said Tony, pulling himself closer to Steve. Intellectually, Steve knew this was for the cameras, to give them good shots to work with to spin this ending into something audiences would want to watch. Still, he didn’t care about any of that, scooping Tony’s jaw upwards to give him a soft, tender kiss, like he’d been wanting to do all day. Tony kissed him back just as enthusiastically, and for a moment, Steve forgot they were surrounded by cameras and tech crew and the judges; right now, the world had shrunk to being just him and Tony.
Steve turned the shower off quickly, feeling too guilty to continue staying motionless under the hot water. He toweled himself dry and collapsed on the soft couch in his bedroom — again, courtesy of Tony Stark — fighting the tears that were threatening to fall.
“No!” Thor roared, and everyone turned to look at the god, who’d just placed his pie in the oven. “I am not done yet!”
“Thor saw we were gonna watch a movie, and he invited himself in,” said Tony helplessly, as Steve settled himself next to him. Tony had apparently been saving his spot for him. “And then he invited Clint, and then Bruce and Nat came in before I could explain…” Tony sighed helplessly. “I couldn’t kick them all out.”
“Tony, you don’t have to—”
“You haven’t actually said yes.”
Sighing, Steve shut the door behind him and hung up his coat. He’d send a message to Hill, he decided, or he’d get FRIDAY to. He wasn’t bad with technology, but all the newfangled devices that kept popping up, well, what was the point of learning how to use them when he had a perfectly good phone from when he’d first come out of the ice in his hands? It was a little cracked and broken now after so many years of use, but Steve refused to let go of it, no matter how much Tony laughed at him.
“I’m fine,” said Tony, trying not to show Steve how terrified he really was. Caves were enough of a phobia for him by themselves, but the pitch-black darkness and the cold atmosphere and the fact that both the suit and JARVIS were dead and there was no way for them to send a signal to the Avengers — well, all of that just made his blood run cold. “I was just trying to figure out how we can get out of here.”
“No!” yelled the room, almost in chorus. Natasha picked up the slack. “Steve, we watched you almost die. Just… listen to the doctors, okay? Just this once.”
“I’d never regret being with you, Tony.”
“Well, if you know you won’t win, why would it be a problem to sign up?” asked Tony reasonably. “C’mon, Steve, it’s senior year. This is the last time we’ll ever be this young and carefree. This time next year, we could be doing-long distance at different colleges, and you’ll be
was I out, anyway?”
“Tony, I already have to deal with one child this weekend, don’t make me have to deal with two,” sighed Steve. He spared half a second’s glance at his husband before setting his eyes firmly on the road. Tony scowled from his seat beside Steve’s. Behind them, Peter fidgeted nervously, like he always did when his dads got angry. It was one of the things his therapist had pointed out specifically.
“Alright bakers, you may begin.”
Tony could have come up with a million arguments to refute that, but he knew Steve well enough by now that he’d accepted there were times when you couldn’t cross him. He glanced at Fury, shrugging apologetically.
“Thor, humans can’t eat that,” sighed Fury before following Mary, and Tony leaned over to give the confused Thor a pat on the shoulder.
“You feeling better, honey?” he asked, pushing his fingers harder and inserting a third one. Steve didn’t reply, but his long, drawn-out cry was enough of a response for Tony. He sat up and spit on his palm, slicking himself up. “I wish I’d brought lube, but this’ll have to do.”
Steve felt his spirits rise, grinning like a madman to himself as the judges moved on to Tony’s loaf. The judges were very complimentary about Tony’s efforts as well, and Steve knew this would be a tight competition, but there was still that euphoric happiness at having created something and being praised for it.
Steve watched Tony grab a bag and walk into the bathroom. The
“No, it’ll go perfect with my blueberry filling, thanks Steve,” said Tony enthusiastically. He made a leap for the ball of dough, but Steve held it just just slightly above his reach, a shit-eating grin on his face.
?” Tony was foaming at the mouth, and Steve tried to placate him again.
“It… doesn’t taste that bad,” he said, a note of surprise clear in his voice. “Mr. Stark, why haven’t you let me have this before?”
And then the stranger sat himself down in front of Tony.
“Let’s get out of here,” Tony mumbled, pulling at Steve’s arm, and this time, Steve allowed himself to be led, following Tony quickly as they escaped the range of the cameras around them.
,” said Mary, cutting in smoothly, “We’ve only got eight contestants, and this is definitely not the worst mistake I’ve seen celebrities make on this show, Mr. Fury. Thor may remain in the competition.”
“We were never told we could not use our powers!”
“Oh, shit,” he whispered under his breath, quickly bending down to peer at his brownies. There was no doubt about it: they were overbaked, the top black.
It was another couple of hours before anyone exited the operating room, and Tony pounced on the doctor, hungry for news.
, but he ignored her. Nobody else would have caught it anyway.
“The pain was because your flesh had already started growing around the embedded knife,” said Dr. Cho matter-of-factly, like this was an everyday occurrence for her. “Normally, the medically sound thing to do would be to keep any objects that are impaled in the body inside until you reach a hospital, because it helps minimize blood loss. In your case, however, Mr. Stark was forced to pull the knife out before it became permanently fused to your leg.”
“It’s well-kneaded, but not overworked,” commented Mary critically. “You can see the gluten’s been mixed well enough that it’s got a little bit of a stretch, and the air bubbles aren’t too small. Your kneading must have been spot-on.”
“Ma would’ve loved him,” Steve sighed. “She probably loved me a little too much, too, but she’d be proud that I grew up well enough to have a son. “ He leaned over the seat to press a kiss to Tony’s cheek. “She’d have loved you too, Tony.”
.” He paused for a moment, his voice suspiciously shaky. “A bit of flattery so you could ask for a raise, huh?”
Steve was confused, and maybe a little woozy from the rollercoaster of emotions he’d felt today. “Tony, wait — what do you mean good enough for me?”
“Well I can say with
“He’s okay, Mr. Stark,” she said calmly, looking at the Avengers assembled around her. “He had several broken bones and a severe case of internal bleeding, along with his other health complications, but he’s stable for now.”
Immediately, Steve’s mind flashed onto the millions of homphobic comments he’d seen on social media this past week.
“Nothing of his would fit me,” said Steve, smiling slightly. “I guess I’ll skip the shower.”
“No wonder you have so many daddy issues, Barton,” Tony snarked, while Steve looked around the room in complete confusion. Nobody even seemed surprised by Clint’s announcement; in fact, they seemed more annoyed by him than anything.
“I lost the serum, that’s what’s wrong!’ Steve exploded, glaring at Tony. “I’m tired all day, I can barely climb up the stairs without triggering an asthma attack, I hate this body, and now I don’t know if I can even…” He broke off, coughing. “Tony, I just… don’t want to, okay?”
“We got to the safehouse, and everything hurt. Tony said he could fix my leg, and I remember a flash of pain. That’s about it.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t paying enough attention to you, Steve, but right now, Pepper and the company are maybe just a
In response, Tony grabbed Steve’s collar, pulling him into a quick, fierce kiss. He barely paused to breath, kissing Steve like he wanted to devour him entirely.
“Don’t say that, Tony,” said Steve sharply, and Tony looked at him curiously, momentarily distracted from their situation. Was Steve as badly affected as he was, and just hiding it better? After all, the guy
“Please, Tony,” whimpered Steve, his entire body trembling, “Tony, please, please...”
“Oh, fuck the phone,” said Tony impatiently. “I have a million more. I’m more worried about the tourists.” He pressed his face into Steve’s shirt, grumbling. “I’ve never been more embarrassed in my life.”
Mary seemed shocked, with no pun intended. “What… what just happened?” Nick just shrugged.
“Alright, bakers, time’s up,” called Mary, her soft voice immediately followed by Nick Fury’s distinctive growl.
That became a nightly routine; Steve refusing to have sex and Tony coercing him into it. Tony felt bad, sure, but it wasn’t like Steve wasn’t getting anything out of the deal. Tony was a perfect gentleman and always made sure to stimulate Steve as much as he possibly could. Even if Steve didn’t get a chance to come by the end of the night, well… that was his body’s fault. Not Tony’s.
“And you feel great because you’re pumped to the brim with morphine,” said Cho severely, “Tell me if you feel the same when it wears off.”
“Steve?” tried Tony again.
Clint just sunk further into his arms, and Mary gave him one last pat on the back before turning to Fury. Steve, noticing the cameras were no longer trained on them, walked towards Tony, who was staring disconsolately at his brownies.
“Get your own blanket.”
“I know, I know, Tony, I’m so sorry.” said Steve soothingly, hugging Tony harder than ever and running a comforting hand up and down his back. “You’re being so brave, Tony. I’m so proud of you.”
“No.” She looked at him severely. “You almost bled to death, and we didn’t have enough blood on hand to give you. Your knife wound — both the first one and the one caused when it was pulled out — were severely infected and required major surgery to correct, which is why you were ‘out’ for so long. In fact, Captain Roger, I believe the only reason you still have your leg at all is because of the serum.”
He continued his internal pep talk as he pushed the door of the communal viewing room, but paused as he took in the sight in front of him. His heart sank into his chest, even as he smiled shyly at the assorted Avengers gathered around the television. He looked at Tony, and Tony just gave him an apologetic shrug.
Steve rolled his eyes, walking tiredly over to the front door to check if he’d left his favourite beanie anywhere around. Tony was in a bit of a mood these days, cranky and tired when he didn’t get enough sleep. Maybe Steve shouldn’t have woken him up, but really, did Tony expect him to leave the house without his favourite beanie? How else would he be able to keep the cold out of his ears while also hiding his graying hairs?
“I’ve read every book they have in the store,” Tony replied, kindly not making fun of Steve, who just stared at him in shock. “I’m guessing you didn’t know?”
This must have been what Maximoff showed him.
Tony took advantage of everyone’s momentary distraction and pulled his tray out of the oven. He dropped it at Steve’s station and hurried back to his own, looking as innocent as the day he was born. Steve spread his cheesecake topping over the half-baked brownie, a shit-eating grin on his face.
“Aww, that’s so sweet of you, Tony,” teased Steve, but he handed Tony the ball of dough. Tony took it with an annoyed grunt, and Steve turned back to his own station, satisfied.
“It’s just…” Peter sniffled, burning his head in his father’s t-shirt, “You’re always fighting now, and it… it hurts to listen to, Papa. I’m scared all the time and… I thought, at first, you guys getting divorced would be bad, but now… I’d rather you guys get divorced instead of being so mad at each other all the time.”
“Miss you,” mumbled Steve again, and even in his sleep, he seemed dangerously close to crying. “Don’t fall, please. ‘M here.”
“No, Tony, shut up and let me do this. I run warm, you know that, and I’d prefer that you don’t die of frostbite when I’m a literal human furnace.” He paused for a second, then continued a little more sombrely. “And I’m sorry I didn’t notice how scared you are. Caves, dark places, no suit — it’s the real trifecta of things that make Tony Stark freak out, huh?”
“It’s scary how much I love him already,” Tony commented, gently pushing a stand of Peter’s jet—black hair away from his face. “I dunno how parents can feel like this every day. It’s… overwhelming.”
when he’d promised himself not two minutes ago that he’d stop. Still, try as he might, it wasn’t easy. Everything around him reminded him of Steve, from the flowers on the table, which were the exact same shade of blue as Steve’s eyes, to the young man who’d just walked in, who looked amazingly similar to Steve. In fact, Tony thought, looking at him closer, this was an almost exact doppelgänger, down to the floppy blond hair, the little crinkles in his smile. Everything except for the beard.
“Steve, honey, I don’t need
“In my defense, I really thought you guys were dating and just trying not to tell us,” said Natasha as she stood up to leave. Bruce nodded in agreement.
“Last I saw, he got hit with a ray of… something, and then he fell behind the building,” said Clint, “The building collapsed then, and none of us could get him out.”
He stormed away to his room, only calmed when he felt the kitten wrap itself around his neck, his cool fur gently cooling Steve down as well. He didn’t need to tell Tony; Tony had much more important things to do, like ignoring Steve and acting like a complete ass. Steve, on the other hand, could now get down the most pressing business he had: what to name the kitten.
Steve focused on his own pie. He’d decided to go for a traditional apple pie, but with red and blue dough. He cut a few stars out of the dough before dividing it into two and mixing the colour in. He didn’t normally go full-on American, but this was as good a way as any to keep audiences interested and drum up more money for charity.
Steve watched Tony walk away, noting the way his salt and pepper hair shone in the moving lights and how perfectly his suit hugged his figure, and felt his stomach sink sadly back down to the depths of his shoes.
“Good,” said Steve, slamming his flute on the table like he’d seen in the movies. “Now that I can tolerate you again, I got you a birthday present.”
*******
Steve pulled Tony closer to him, kissing him so thoroughly that Tony couldn’t say another word. Tony glared at him for a second, but his eyes soon shut and he leaned into Steve’s touch, his arms coming up to wrap securely around Steve’s waist. He let out a pained little whine as Steve pulled away from his lips, resting his head on Steve’s chest.
Steve was ready with a good comeback, but at that very moment, Mary and Nick turned back to face the crowd. He immediately tensed, taking Tony’s hand in his as an automatic reflex. The nervous atmosphere in the room felt almost tangible, and by the way Tony’s hand clenched around his, Steve knew he was nervous as well.
Bucky and Peter’s pies were, if possible, even worse than Natasha’s and Bruce’s had been. Peter’s crust was more crumble than dough, which at least explained why he was coated head to toe in flour — none of it had made it into the bowl. Bucky’s dough was good enough — the same kind he’d grown up learning to make with Steve — but the instant a slice was cut out of his pie, the filling leaked out and onto the judges’ shoes, leaving them with nothing but a U-shaped piece of crust.
“Well, now I’m intrigued,” said Tony, resting his third flute on the table and crossing his arms. “Give it to me.”
“I don’t think either of us did,” said Tony. Now that the shock was wearing off, he felt a little bit more like himself. “Pepper and Rhodey are going to
“You really think we’ll be together next year?”
“Alright, Avengers!” A smooth voice floated over to where the eight Avengers were gathered, and as if by instinct, every head turned to the entrance of the tent, where Nick Fury was silhouetted in all his glory. Besides him, Mary Berry seemed small, almost delicate. The hosts, Noel and Sandi, looked excited at being in the presence of the Avengers.
“I was struggling too,” Peter piped up. “You didn’t help me.”
“Sorry,” he whispered, placing a quick kiss to Steve’s cheek. “We’ll do that again. Later.”
“Wasn’t Happy, it was me,” said Steve nervously. “And I’m sorry about the whole—” he gestured vaguely at Tony’s clothes. “It was either that or let you wake up in a dried pool of your own vomit.”
“Trying to help each other because you are both hopelessly in love,” said Mary impatiently. “I understand.” She sighed, unsure of what to say next.
“That was playing dirty, Steve, and you know it.”
“Look, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I said that stuff to you, I know we were fighting, but it wasn’t fair of me. I’m sorry I’ve ignored you this whole time; that was my mistake and not yours and I fully understand why you didn’t tell me about the cat. I’m sorry I overreacted about the cat in the first place. Like you said, it didn’t do any harm.”
all the time, a little less now, but at times like this, the hurt just came back, crashing over him like a wave. As much as he’d tried to deny it, Pepper was right in why he’d refused to wear that specific perfume: it reminded too much of Steve.
Steve looked at him, and understanding seemed to dawn in his eyes. “After Afghanistan, huh?”
Tony kept going, blind to anything and anyone except his own pleasure. He thrusted harshly into Steve, but paused as he felt a stinging pain on his leg. He looked down to see Steve’s hand clutching at it, his nails digging into Tony’s skin, and Tony pulled his hand away immediately. Steve pulled his head away from the pillow, gasping for air.
“I’ll start calling you Tony when you stop calling me
Even now, as an adult, Steve had never lost his love of books, which was why this cool, shaded café that was part of Stark Bookstores was now his comfort spot. Every Friday, when he was done with his last class, he’d settle himself comfortably in his regular seat, either buying a new book or pulling out one that he hadn’t finished yet, and curling up for hours with a hot cup of coffee. These were the best times of his week, and Steve looked forward to them more than he could ever explain.
“Well, Avengers, you’ve all made a valiant effort tonight, and we’re so grateful you’ve chosen to appear on the Great British Bake Off with us,” said Mary, clasping her hands in front of the now thoroughly cleaned-up Avengers. “Unfortunately, only four of you can move to the next round; the semi-finals, as it were.”
Stop treating me like
his son was only like… the seventieth most important thing on his list.” Tony hugged Peter’s small body to his own almost subconsciously.
“Why the fuck—” Tony shook his head, wincing. “Why the fuck are you sorry?”
“That was a very hard decision we had to make,” she said kindly, ignoring Fury, who had rolled his eyes beside her. “Of course, you all made mistakes, but that is part of the competition, and a valuable learning experience. Still, only two of you can go forward.”
“Fuck, Steve, give it back.”
,” said Steve earnestly. He pulled his cap down to cover more of his face as a large group of tourists walked past. “That’s kind of the whole point of London. History in every street sign and whatnot.”
“You’re getting a talk about what is and isn’t appropriate to doing public when this is all over,” Fury hissed at Steve before walking away to join Mary at the front of the tent.
“I’m not letting you go,” said Tony, clutching angrily at Steve’s arm, “‘til you give me back my
Tony laughed, a sweet, simple sound Steve hadn’t heard for far too long. He’d missed it so much, he realized just then. He’d missed being married to Tony Stark. ”Not the first thing I want to hear after a dramatic apology like that.”
“Me too.”
He didn’t have to turn around to see the smile wiped clean off of Clint’s face.
“Couldn’t find the opportunity,” said Tony coldly. “So you’re saying this is my fault, Barton?”
“I thought that was your dream,” said Tony, a little desperately, but who could blame him? “You said—you said you wanted kids your whole life.”
Steve was the luckiest person in the world.
Two weeks later, Steve decided he wanted to add a small amendment to that: he’d follow Tony to the ends of the Earth, as long as they didn’t make a pit stop at Homecoming.
Steve pulled away, affronted.
This was all Tony’s. It was Tony who worked day in and day out in his workshop, his way of earning enough so that Steve could be spoiled with hot water and luxury soaps. Without him, Steve would probably still be stuck in the tiny room SHIELD had given him in their headquarters, cold and plain and dull and just so, so
He climbed into his own bed and pulled the blankets up around him, exhaustion taking over every bone in his body. He shut his eyes, ready to fall asleep.
“Thought I’d like to try something different.” Steve smiled shyly, holding the cup in his hands and wondering what to say next. He should’ve written a script for this.
“Thor does that sometimes. You learn to live with it.” He walked around to Thor’s station, where the god was pulling out a pie that was, well, not uncooked. He looked happily around at everyone’s awe-struck faces.
“No,” said Tony glumly, “and Jarvis is offline too. He could’ve got a signal out, but now, I don’t know how anyone will find us. It’ll take
“You’re welcome.” said Steve with a shy smile, not fully tamping down on the delicious surge of pleasure he felt. So maybe the shitty “how to make someone like you” website wasn’t wrong after all — handmade gifts really did work magic.
“Absolutely not, Barnes,” said Fury, not even batting an eye. He bit off half of the brownie in one go, nodding approvingly at Steve. “You’ve done well, Steve. I’m surprised you don’t bake more often back home.”
“Natasha—” Steve started exasperatedly, but Bucky cut him off.
That was all Steve remembered before the world turned black.
“He was always a bit arrogant, a bit of a show-off, but everyone let it go because he was so brilliant and amusing,” Steve growled. “If only I’d known… Maybe I’d have pushed
.” Tony looked disgusted at the very thought. “Barton’s bringing me coffee, remember?”
“Oh, darling, I’m always winning when I’m with you,” Tony drawled, and then burst into laughter. “Sorry, I figured the fans could use a little more of us drooling over each other.”
“I wasn’t mad about the kitten because you didn’t tell me, or because I was worried about the property damage. It was just… the fact that the great Captain America was
“Well, we’re fucked,” said Tony simply, handing the phone back to Noel. Steve, for his part, was still shocked, his heart having dropped to the bottom of his combat boots. They’d been seen cheating. They’d been
“Not tonight, Tony,” Steve grumbled, flopping onto a pillow a couple of weeks later. “I’m not in the mood.”
Which he did.
“Steve, it’s a castle!” he exclaimed, waving his hands around and almost smacking a poor teenage girl on the nose. She gave them a confused look and moved on as Tony continued to ramble. “And I don’t mean it’s not beautiful, but when you’ve seen one old ruined building, you’ve seen ‘em all.”
Except he couldn’t fall asleep at all. His mind kept replaying the vision the Maximoff girl had put in his head; the vision of his team, dead and splayed-out over a pile of bodies, of Steve’s haunting
“Fine,” said Steve quickly, too desperate to get out of here and hide his face to object to what he’d essentially been blackmailed into doing. He grabbed Tony’s phone out of his jacket pocket, and, in a move he really should’ve been expecting given how his day had been going, the damned thing slipped from his fingers and landed on the floor. Face down. With a loud
“Well, I can’t make it any more obvious than that,” sighed Tony, and then, Steve couldn’t tell you how, his lips were suddenly pressed to Tony’s, kissing him like the world would end tomorrow. He was shocked, surprised, speechless; but that was only for a moment, before he registered what was happening, and kissed Tony back, much, much harder. He hadn’t known he wanted this, hadn’t even thought about it until this moment, when it all felt so absolutely, wonderfully
It was not at all what Tony had been used to, and it wasn’t the Steve he’d grown to love. Still, this body held a certain… attraction for him as well.
“Not much,” Tony sniffled. “Like. One cup.”
Tony and Steve eyed each other warily.
“I know, honey,” he said, placing a kiss to Tony’s silver locks. “And I can make the food last.”
sure your pies are cooked through, because only half of you will be moving on. Is that clear?” Fury continued. Steve snuck a look behind him to Tony’s station where he was fiddling with his ingredients, clearly not paying attention to a single word Fury was saying.
“Oh my god,” Tony choked out, his hands over his mouth. “Please don’t tell me you actually went and asked Peter for his
“What the
Tony smiled, and kissed Steve once more. “So… what do we do now?”
“Yeah, Steve,” Tony mumbled, tryng to hide how bitterly cold and scared he was, “I’m sure everything’s gonna be alright. Santa’s gonna come pick us up in his sleigh and take us to Neverland, and oh! Maybe we’ll even meet the Queen of Hearts on the way back home.”
“I think,” frowned Steve with all the precision and strategic prowess that came with the serum and his time as a soldier in the largest, most fatal battle in history, “we’re trapped.”
“You’ve proved yourself in every step of the way here, both of you. Tony, your pie was wonderful and flaky, and Captain Rogers, your brownies were the best thing I’ve eaten in weeks. You’ve done extremely well, you’ve listened and learned and moved up the ranks, and we’re all very proud of you both.”
That would be just about enough for Tony, he thought fondly.
Steve caught Tony’s eye, and both men had to stifle their giggles.
At any other time, Steve would have recognized the danger signs, the fact that Fury’s tone menat he was more pissed off than Steve had ever seen him before. In his hurry to see whatever had caused the commotion, however, Steve didn’t notice, quickly pulling the phone from Tony’s hands.
The feel of Tony’s comforting, warm presence beside him, the beautiful scenery in front of them and the peaceful atmosphere of the park were an intoxicating combination. Steve was so full of pure, raw emotion, he almost pulled out the velvet box and proposed to Tony right then and there. It would’ve been easy enough, considering the ring was right there in his pocket, and all he had to do was reach in and pull it out. He held back though, knowing this wasn’t the right time. Tony loved extravagance and big romantic gestures, and Steve would never feel content if his proposal was in a quiet park corner with only the trees and ducks to witness it, and only the quiet waves and slow breeze as his background music. Tony would love it, of course, because his sweet, beautiful, gorgeous, amazing Tony would love anything Steve did, but Steve could never love himself if he didn’t live up to Tony’s daydream of a perfect proposal.
“How old was he then?” asked Steve reminiscently. “Maybe two?”
Steve bit his lip. This trip was supposed to be about them reconnecting, fixing what had been broken. He and Tony hadn’t been close recently, but… maybe he should be the bigger person here, take the first step.
Although lately, it was getting harder to justify, even to himself, that he was only looking forward to the books and the coffee.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve whispered as soon as the judges’ backs were turned. “It’s my fault, I shouldn’t have taken your second batch.”
Bucky Jr., seemingly noting his father’s distress, climbed up the couch and settled himself on Steve’s knee, looking at him with an inquiring eye.
“I didn’t say I could
help me out here?”
rescuing kittens from trees and taking them in and here I am, a stupid worthless mess that didn’t do shit except kill people. And then you said you’d leave the Tower with it and all I could think of was, have I been so shitty to him that he literally likes a cat better than he likes me?” Tony had started pacing around Steve’s room by now, and Steve couldn’t get a single word in. “I… I thought I was a good guy, Steve, good enough for you, at least. But how the fuck am I supposed to compete with
,” said Peter, his smile vanishing as quickly as it came. “You both know what happened, and you both admit you’re wrong… why can’t you just say you’re sorry and make up?”
*********
“You’re the one that got one hundred percent of the votes,” smiled Steve, nuzzling his nose in Tony’s hair. “I’m so amazingly proud of
“I don’t, not really, but this is a special occasion.”
“”I know, I know, you did it for both of us, but that didn’t mean it still didn’t hurt.” Steve looked up at Tony sadly. “And to be honest, Tony, I don’t think it was worth it.
Steve made as if to run forward, to stop Tony and whatever this mess was, but Natasha placed a soft hand on his arm. “Let them have their fun,” she said, smirking as the sound of Clint falling down the vent spread across the room. “You know you’re not gonna stop any of them.”
Mary and Nick looked at each other. They held their gaze for a charged second, and then, Fury seemed to give up. He nodded his head slightly.
“Well, now that the emotional stuff is over, and as much as I’d love to stay here with you all night,” said Tony, standing up and straightening his tie, “I’m going to go mingle with the crowd for a bit before Pepper decides fifty is a good enough age for me to die at.” He hugged Steve — a casual, one-armed hug, but one that sent Steve’s stomach swooping as high as the clouds. “Thank you, Steve. You’re the best friend I’ve got.”
“Yeah, I just… forgot the recipe for a moment. But I’m good, I remember it now.”
“Um… should we unpack?” said Steve quickly, aware of how lame that sounded.
“As much as I know you need some rest, Tony, you’re gonna mess up your sleeping schedule if you sleep now.” Tony gave him a look that was very much like a lamb before its execution.
This was not at all what Steve had imagined when he’d dreamed of starting a family and being with Tony for the rest of his life, and as he drove the car up to the secluded cabin, he prayed inside that this trip could make it all better.
“Today’s challenge will not be as difficult as last week’s,” Mary continued, “but, today, we’ll also have a higher standard for judging. We’re not looking for merely edible anymore; we want creativity, originality, and something that defines who you are. Today, we want you to make us one batch of your signature brownies, in any flavour and with any additions you’d like.”
“You don’t get to bake at all this week,” said Noel, rubbing his hands with glee. “Alright, who wants to go first?”
“It is time for the last dance of the evening,” Fury announced, sounding relieved that he was finally done here. “The dance will be opened by our newly-crowned Homecoming King and Queen!”
First, there were the tuxes — which Tony had insisted they had custom-made, and insisted that he let Steve buy him one. Steve had given in in the end, and the royal-blue tuxedos that Tony’s personal tailor had made for them were both stylish and comfortable, but Steve had never felt more like a show clown than when he was wearing formal clothes.
Hopefully, he’d be new and exciting enough to help Tony stop thinking about Steve.
“Tony, is everything okay?”
“Some days, I really can believe I’m half a century old.”
“Okay, honey,” he said soothingly, offering Tony an arm. “I'm not gonna lie, that was the funniest thing I’ve seen all day, but I think we’re drawing a little too much attention to ourselves.” He tugged the hood of Tony’s hoodie harder over his face and bent to help him up, but Tony stayed on the ground, glaring at him mutinously.
“Why the fuck,” said Tony, managing to sound cold and terrified at the same time, “is there a
— before walking back outside, surrounded, as always, by his loyal posse.
“See for yourself,” said Fury, just as eerily calm as before, handing the phone to the couple.
“What does it fucking matter?!” Peter yelled once more, pushing his plate away and standing up from the table. “If you’re gonna get divorced, then do it and get it over with! Stop putting me in the middle of your shit!”
Tony still hadn’t been convinced, even as he and Steve applied through their local adoption agency to be vetted as prospective adoptive parents. Steve knew Tony was still doubtful of the process, and he wasn’t sure if he’d made the right decision — until they saw a picture of baby Peter Parker. Both men had lost their hearts to the poor, orphaned baby boy within seconds of seeing him, and their hearts had broken further when they read his file. Both parents, who were smart, kind and loving people if the file was to be believed, had died in a car crash, leaving their son alone and orphaned at the tender age of three months. Steve and Tony had agreed right then and there that they wanted Peter to be part of their family… and they hadn’t looked back since.
“Yes, yes, Nick is correct,” said Mary quickly, cutting the men off before they could devolve into a fistfight. “Captain, Tony, I must say I am very disappointed in you both. I truly believe you were men of integrity, and now I come to find out you are not even good bakers.”
Steve looked down at Tony, whose head was resting on his thigh, and smiled. He couldn’t help it; Tony looked so wonderfully
The one benefit of having lost the serum was that Steve could now use regular human painkillers, which Tony frantically yelled at the doctors as he was dragged away.
“I still don’t believe you guys haven’t been dating this whole time.”
The boys, Steve knew, were the ones who couldn’t get dates to Homecoming, and so had come together in a pack. Personally, Steve thought they were nice people, but they were too painfully shy to ever even talk to a girl, let alone ask one out. Tony seemed to understand this too, and he and Steve made a silent agreement to keep the boys company, and to tamp down on their couple-y behaviour in order to spare their feelings.
“We gotta work on your improv skills, buddy,” said Steve, patting Thor’s shoulder as his husband turned the full force of his wrath on Clint. Clint yelped and leaped on top of the refrigerator, Tony screaming a medley of swears and curses at him.
Except he couldn’t really leave.
He’d brought the kitten back to the Tower with every intention of feeding him up a bit, and then asking Jarvis for a list of the best kitty shelters around the Tower. It’d been almost a week now, and well… Steve had to admit he was getting a little attached.
“I’m not going to lie to you, this week will probably be the most difficult you have faced so far,” said Mary, addressing Steve and Tony at their stations. “This is a technical challenge as well, and only the most perfect loaf of bread today can crown you the Greatest Baker.”
“Um.” He dug nervously in his bag, looking for his copy of
“And make it taste terrible, no doubt.” Tony mock-glared at Steve, who just kissed him on the forehead again. He pulled Tony closer to him, sighing with happiness as he felt his husband curl up against him some more, sharing his body heat.
?” he asked, looking between the two men with red-rimmed eyes. “You two used to be so happy together, and now…”
,” Steve cooed, poking at Peter’s tiny nose. “Hey, baby boy. It’s me! Your new daddy!”
“Thank you, Tony.”
“STOP THE BAKE OFF!”
“I feel great now, though,” said Steve, lifting the sheets up to peer at his leg, which looked almost normal. “Can I leave?”
Tony always forgot how young Steve really was.
“Tony, stop,” said Steve when he was finally able to get a word in. “What’s— why’re you apologizing? I should be apologizing to
“Because it was weird and invasive? I promise I didn’t take any pictures of you naked and sell it to the tabloids.”
Steve snapped out of his reverie at the sound of Mary’s voice, blushing as he realized he’d fallen for the exact trap he’d set for Tony. Damn.
Tony leaned up and kissed him then, and Steve immediately kissed him back, almost deliriously happy. This wasn’t their first kiss, after all, they’d kissed once before — but it was nothing like this, when Steve felt he had full permission to kiss Tony as hard as he wanted, to let his hands run anywhere he liked. Tony moaned quietly when he felt Steve’s hand on his waist, pressing at the bare skin under his shirt, and then pulled away quickly, looking around to make sure none of the others had overheard.
Almost a year had passed since they’d first read Peter’s file, and they’d been having regular contact with the toddler in order to prepare him for the move. Still, until this phone call, Steve hadn’t dared to hope. He knew how easily adoptions could stop or go wrong, and he hadn’t allowed himself the luxury of dreaming, But now—
“Fuck you too, J.” Tony glared at a camera in the corner, and then glared at Steve when JARVIS didn’t reply. “Fuck you, Steve, you know how much work I have to do and I need to choose my own stopping points; you can’t just come in here and make me shut everything down when you want me to stop because some of this stuff is really time-sensitive and— mmf!”
“Bit risky, isn’t it, going for an all-American theme on a British show?” Mary commented. Steve smiled warmly at her.
“You did good, big guy,” he said, trying not to let the amusement show on his face. Steve, on the other hand, was a little more than excited. Tony’s brownies
“I know we’re in a competition but can you please,
. Steve had tried everything it said to get Tony to like him back
“Hey, honey.”
to me than some stupid old castle that I’ve seen a million times before—”
“Yeah,” said Steve, gulping down a glass of punch. He could see some of his friends from the football team gathered around the voting booth — it would be a good way for him to kill some time and avoid dancing, and he could finally introduce Tony to all of them. Two birds, one stone.
telling you I’m not wearing that stupid thing, so get it the fuck away from me.” Pepper sighed. Again.
“Tony, honey, I’m so sorry—” Steve started, but Tony wasn’t listening to a word he was saying; he continued speaking like he couldn’t see Steve or his phone or the people that had now formed a very large ring around them — they’d definitely been recognized now.
“I’m sorry,” said Tony, suddenly. Steve stared at him in surprise, and Tony continued to babble on. “Peter was right, and you’re right. We came all the way here to fix things between us… but we haven’t even apologized to each other yet. I’m sorry, Steve, for not being more supportive when you were killing yourself for us, and I’m sorry I accused you of—” Tony flushed, too embarrassed to even admit that was what he’d assumed his husband was doing. “I — I should’ve been a better husband. Apparently, I’m even worse at that than I am at being a father.”
, Potts.”
Almost as Tony said those words, however, Thor seemed to have taken it into his head to help them. There was a loud crack of thunder and another bolt of lightning struck the tower, the same as he had last week. Apparently, Thor didn’t trust Midgardian ovens worthy of baking for a king.
“Did we win?”
“What the hell are you talking about, Nick?” Tony growled, clenching his hand tightly around Steve’s arm.He looked fierce, protective; Steve was maybe a little turned on.
“The gauntlet didn’t work, huh?” Steve sighed and sat next to Tony on the floor. The big guy radiated warmth and heat and safety and Tony
Tony tried not to get frustrated. He’d been horny all day, staring at Steve in his oversized shirts and baggy jeans that somehow made him look sexier than when they were skin-tight. “What’s wrong, honey?”
Neither of them had noticed the long lens of a paparazzi camera hidden in the bushes.
Tony called after his son, but Peter ignored him, slamming the door of his room so hard the entire cabin shook. He sighed and collapsed onto the table, hiding his face in his hands.
“What did I tell you?” Steve said sullenly as the couple watched Ty walk up to the table. A loud cheer arose as Ty signed his name on the sheet for Homecoming King, and he turned and winked at the audience like a washed-out movie star — half the girls in the crowd swooned, and one of them actually
“The structure of this thing is amazing,” said Fury mildly, popping a second piece into his mouth. “And somehow, you’ve managed to flavour it really well too. I’m assuming you stuck to the recipe?” He turned his beady stare onto Steve, who gulped.
, we can share,” Tony grumbled, accepting the blanket moodily as Steve passed it over to him. Steve really did feel bad at this point, so he snuggled closer to Tony, letting him leech off Steve’s body heat. “Why’re you back so quick anyway? Hill didn’t want you around?”
“Does that technically mean I got myself a birthday present? Since I pay your salary?”
“Calm down, Tony,” said Bruce, wrapping a still–pale green arm around his friend. “He’ll be okay. He may have had health risks in the 40’s, but… modern medicine, right?”
“And, in first and second place, because we found it very hard to choose between them, are Captain Rogers and Tony Stark!” said Mary excitedly, and Steve, despite knowing this was coming, couldn’t help the wave of happiness he felt. He pulled Tony into a hug, almost lifting him off the floor in his enthusiasm.
“Calm down, Eyepatch.” Tony rolled his eyes, which seemed to anger Fury even more.
, Peter cooing and Tony cradling him in his arms, smiling like this was the best day of his life.
“Peter!” said Steve, shocked, not about the swearing but from what he’d said. “What — your father and I are not getting divorced!”
He focused on his dough, trying not to think about Tony at all. For the next half an hour, he kept his gaze fixed firmly on either the dough or the multiple cameramen around them, who were too hot and sweaty to be conducive to any sexy thoughts.
“I’m not sure,” Mary admitted. She waved a hand in the vague direction of the producers, who were now running around like headless chickens. “As you can tell, they’re finding it hard to decide how to end the show.”
“You should have fucking tried harder,” growled Tony, his heart thumping. Even a supersoldier couldn’t survive a hit to the head, or a falling beam through a vital organ, or any of the million other things that could happen to someone stuck under the rubble of a collapsed building.
Steve stared at her. “Oh.”
Steve grinned, passing Tony, who was working next to him today, a quick high-five. Brownies were his
“No Tony!” said Steve, so loudly that Peter started to fuss in Tony’s arms. “I can’t believe I was
“I don’t have to have an orgasm to enjoy this,” said Tony, flipping them over so that Steve was now on the bottom. He peppered kisses all the way down Steve’s body, making sure to pause and explore all the new spots he hadn’t known before, spending an inordinate amount of time on Steve’s now-nonexistent pecs. He bit at his nipples maybe a little more harshly than usual, enjoying the pained gasp that Steve let out at that.
. Any hope of winning this competition was gone, now, and the Avengers were going to have to face the worst PR nightmare they’d seen since Sokovia, probably.
“We need to cause a distraction,” Tony hissed, and Steve very much agreed. The only question was how they would do that.
Steve was still a little sweaty and grimy from the mission, but that was all for the better as far as Tony was concerned. He sucked Steve into his mouth, his hands going downward to loosen Steve up. Above him, he could hear quiet whimpers and cries, and he felt a little thrill of pleasure that he’d managed to get Steve to react this way.
Wincing at the cold wind and the snow that had fallen over his feet, he decided he really didn’t want to.
Steve and Tony walked inside the crowded hall, which, to be honest, wasn’t as bad as Steve had figured it would be. There were a lot of people, yes, and the strobe lights and pounding music were making him a little dizzy, but everyone seemed to be on the dance floor already, dancing with their friends and significant others, and Steve was relieved he didn’t have to stop and talk to anyone.
The rest of the team reacted very well to Steve’s announcement of his new pet, all things considered. Clint and Thor were ecstatic, rushing forward to pet him, and rushing back just as quickly when the kitten growled at them, baring his tiny fangs in a way that was both threatening and adorable. Natasha didn’t seem interested at all, just patting Steve on the shoulder in congratulations before returning to her coffee. Bruce stayed away a little nervously, but smiled as he watched the kitten’s antics.
about their relationship, to be so wonderfully unashamed of Steve, almost as if he was
“Steve, look!” said Tony excitedly, distracted away from his boyfriend’s eyes for the first time that day. “They’ve started accepting nominations for Homecoming King and Queen!”
Steve looked down at Tony, not taking in a single word he’d said, too overwhelmed by how
“I’m sorry,” said Steve, dread settling in his heart. “I know it’s probably too early and I didn’t want to scare you away, but—” Tony cut him off with a kiss, harsh and insistent against Steve. He giggled on Steve’s lips as he continued leading Steve on in their dance.
“I don’t care, this thing tastes amazing.” He frowned at Steve, a little pout that made Steve want to kiss him right here in front of the crowd. “You’ve been holding back on us, Cap.”
“Believe it or not, I find your silver hair extremely hot,” Steve informed him. “Now please shut up and brush your teeth so I can get back to kissing you.”
“Peter, you know you’re not allowed to speak like that,” he said, less sternly than he would have at home.
“The Dodgers are the exception to any rule, Tony, you know that.”
“First of all, I’m not gonna let you do that,” said Steve firmly. “This is a team effort, mister, and I’m not changing all those diapers myself. You’re gonna be a very involved dad because I say so.” Tony let out a small, wet giggle into the fabric of Steve’s shirt. “Second, speaking as someone who actually knew Howard before he became a father, you are
Tony wheeled around, shock and betrayal covering his face. “J, ignore anything Steve just said.”
“None taken, but I think you’d really like it if you gave it a try, Tony—”
Tony stopped abruptly in the middle of the dance floor. “You… what?”
Maybe… maybe, even if they didn’t get rescued… this wouldn’t be such a bad way to go out.
Steve had had crushes before, and once even gotten so far as kissing a girl — Peggy had been his first kiss, in his freshman year of college, and she’d pulled away after a couple of seconds, giggling about how Steve really wasn’t meant to be with girls. But this… this was something new.
Steve was briefly distracted from his boyfriend — it still gave him a thrill to say that word, his
“Everyone else, thank you for your enthusiasm, and I hope we’ll see you here next week to cheer your teammates on.”
“Shut up, Tony.” Steve groaned. Somehow, this little TV baking show had gotten him more stressed than anything else he’d done as an Avenger. He took a deep breath and rubbed a hand over his face, thinking. He had no brownie batter left, but there was still some of the cheesecake topping. If he could bake that, maybe pass it off as an obscure 1940’s dish.
“Look on the bright side,” said Steve cheerfully, “When the news of our divorce breaks, SI stocks are gonna go through the roof.”
His suspicion was confirmed less than a second later when Steve curled further into him, now sobbing harder than ever. “Please don’t fall, Tony, please.”
“I thought we weren’t going to talk about it?” Steve asked, but he smiled at Tony. “I… I tried. But I couldn’t stop…” he took a deep breath “You broke up with me, Tony. That kind of stuff tends to hurt.”
“Yeah, but now I’ve gotta make another cup of tea,” sighed Bruce. He dumped his old cup down the sink and turned the kettle on.
“Unfortunately, however, there can only be one winner.” Mary smiled kindly at the couple, who were holding onto each other harder than ever. “And can I say, I don’t think I’ve ever found it as hard to pick between two contestants as we did—”
“You just love to make my job harder, don’t you?” he sighed, but he carried Tony out easily as Happy pulled up in front of the mansion, and soon had him in his bathroom, fully dressed in the bathtub.
been frozen in ice for almost 70 years. Anyone would despise the cold after that, and sitting on fresh, cold snow in nothing but thin Kevlar would be terrible for anyone, and Steve with his super-sensitive super-skin would be feeling it worse than most people. “They’re not gonna find our — we’re not gonna die, okay? We’ll get out of here alive. I promise.”
The barista, whose name-tag identified him as “Tony”, was one of the few people Steve could claim was the same height as him. He was still a little taller than Steve, but he was petite and lithe, his firm muscles visible as he poured out cups of coffee and handed customers their change. As much as Steve blushed even thinking about it, he’d spent quite a bit of time staring at Tony’s butt, which was very beautiful and round and lush, accentuated by his tight pants and the ribbon of his apron.
“This wasn’t an easy decision to make,” Mary started, “because both of you did wonderfully. Even after today, you need to be proud of what you’ve achieved, and of the fact that you’ve made it here at all.”
“I hate it so much, Steve,” he mumbled through his tears. “I hate all of this, I want to go
“Easily fixed.”
“Et tu, Bruce?”
Steve felt his heart grow by a couple of sizes as he shyly followed Tony to his regular booth. He was finally sitting down and having a drink with Tony the Barista!
“We still have a few minutes before we have to check on our bread, yes?” Tony asked nonchalantly, letting go of Steve’s hand to peer into his oven. The happy satisfaction Steve had been feeling this whole time immediately drained out of him, replaced by his ever-present competitive fuel. There were indeed a few minutes left before he had to take his loaf out, but he situated himself beside the oven anyway, keeping a watchful eye on his bread.
Steve stayed perched in his chair, watching his son and his husband. His son and his husband; the two people he loved the most. The two people he’d caused so much hurt to over the last few years. How could he forget how much he loved them?
Steve had tried to apologize, even as Tony’s words stung him. He’d pushed his hurt aside and brought Tony food the next day, his customary peace offering. Not only had Tony not let him into the workshop, he hadn’t even touched the food, letting it rot on his doorstep until Steve admitted defeat and took it away. He’d asked JARVIS to pass along messages and to tell Tony he really was sorry and that he wanted to talk, but JARVIS said Tony was in a temporary blackout and couldn't be reached. Tony really was stubborn about not talking to him, and Steve couldn't do anything about it.
.” Tony collapsed onto a pile of snow, bringing his knees up to his chest and hiding his head between them. He didn’t even care if he looked like a teenage girl right now — nobody was around to see him except Steve, and Steve had no idea what teenage girls in this century were like.
“What Cap means to say,” said Tony smoothly, rescuing Steve from having to say anything at all, “Is that we let you idiots hijack our date, and we’d like a little alone time now, if you don’t mind. And leave the popcorn, Thor.” Clint gagged and rushed out of the room making fake vomit noises, like the mature adult he was. Thor left as well, pouting because he wasn’t allowed to take the popcorn.
“Peter’s gonna be
“Don’t call him stupid,” said Steve warningly. “And why wouldn’t I? I haven’t exactly felt very welcome here the last few days.” He picked up his discarded water bottle, making his way out of the kitchen. Fuck this. He’d rather die of thirst than stay one more moment in Tony’s vicinity. “And don’t give me shit for not telling you when you’re the one who’s been avoiding
out of the plane and flown Peggy back myself.”
“Little underdone, isn’t it?” Fury commented mildly, poking at the middle of Tony’s brownie with a fork. Even from four feet away, Steve could see the insides were liquid and sticky, only just managing to hold their shape.
“Tony, no, please, I can’t—”
“We did, but Fury’s not very happy with you,” sighed Tony. “He’s sent you about twenty ‘I told you so’ messages.”
He focused hard on getting the cheesecake topping right, knowing how finicky cream cheese was to work with. He was so focused that, when a slight smell of burning reached his super-sensitive nose, he didn't register it as anything except the equipment overheating. It took him a couple of minutes to react.
“It’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard,” Fury growled, but at this point, the producers of the show were eagerly nodding along, and he was forced to accept.
But more than that, Tony seemed to be sincerely nice, something Steve could say about very few people. He’d seen Tony give children an extra slice of cake if they were being nice, and he almost always handed out fresh cups of coffee to any homeless people who happened to be outside the shop. He’d never seen Tony shout or yell at anyone, not even the woman who’d complained last week about her coffee being “too cold” and then demanded a refund. Tony had simply and politely explained to her that he couldn't do that, not if she’d already drunk it, and he’d even kicked her out with a sweet little smile on his face.
, because being literally frozen in ice for 70 years could change your perspective of the word, but they were pretty damn close. Steve was just looking forward to getting into some warm clothes and cuddling under their heated blanket with Tony in his arms. Maybe he’d even take the opportunity to stick his feet and hands between Tony’s thighs and watch him squirm.
Clint was saved from having to answer by Steve, who walked in right then, sweaty and panting. He’d originally run in for a quick gulp of water, but paused as he felt the tension in the air.
“You’re lucky I made enough popcorn for everyone,” smiled Steve, and he laid his head back. He could barely focus on the movie or whatever pathetic argument Thor and Clint and Natasha were screaming at each other about; all he could focus on was the feeling of Tony’s hands on his, the way his thumb ran slowly and rhythmically across Steve’s palm.
to have the chance to dance with me.” Steve had to smile at that.
“Shut up and
“I’m sorry, Tony,” said Steve, trying to sound placating but unable to hold in the giggles as he remembered the sight of Tony almost literally falling over himself. “I promise I won’t do it again.” He held his hand out once more, an olive branch.
“And that’s why we’re here,” smiled Steve. “To have a little alone time before I have to leave.” He kissed Tony, soft and gentle. “Today’s a good day. We’re going to be happy together. No more talking about tomorrow or next week or anything past today.”
“Did you ask Tony if you could keep him?” asked Natasha, who’d finished her coffee and was now eyeing the kitten with mild amusement.
“And I like yours, you big dork.” Steve smiled as Tony settled himself to sleep, apparently with no conscious thought. He wiggled his lithe body around a pillow, cuddling into it, fast asleep the moment his head hit the pillow.
Steve sniffled, his brows knitted tightly together, but he relaxed further into Tony. Tony pulled Steve’s head down to rest in the crook of his shoulder, and even as he felt the wet tears run down his neck, he knew Steve was feeling better.
“You need — to see —” he gasped, pushing the phone towards Mary and Nick. The tent had gone quiet now, everyone staring at Noel with varying degrees of concern and confusion.
good-looking, you should see the man I’m dating.”
The rest of the team, who’d shown up to ‘support’ them — Steve used the term ‘support’ as loosely as possible, since he’d had to literally pull Bucky out of bed to get him here today — started cheering them on, and their voices soon became background noise to Steve as he measured his ingredients and started boiling water in a pan. As he melted the chocolate down, he took some time to glance at what the others were doing.
“I was a terrible husband and father too,” said Steve gruffly. “Tony, I’m so sorry. I should’ve… should’ve been there for you. I should’ve
“What is it, Tony?” he said, glancing behind him. Tony’s suit, which everyone had told him not to wear, was streaked with flour and wet dough.
Tony didn’t say anything in reply to that, merely crying softly into the crook of Steve’s neck. He now felt ashamed and vulnerable in addition to feeling cold and terrified and hopeless, but it had felt good to unload everything for a bit. It felt nice. And having Steve here — well, no doubt Steve knew how to comfort people, Tony thought stupidly through his brain fog, only vaguely registering Steve’s hands, one wrapped tightly around his waist, anchoring him to reality, and the other rubbing slow, soothing circles on his back.
He didn’t want to think about it right now.
“Look at me,” said Tony, raising his arms and looking himself over sadly. “I’m old and faded. Even Pepper broke up with me, and she’s closer to my age than you are to hers. You could have your pick of hot kids. Why me?”
, Steve thought to himself, smiling,
Steve was a little ashamed of himself, but for the past couple of months, he’d often found himself distracted from his reading, instead spending his time staring at the barista who’d just recently started working at the café.
“You’re gonna lose,” Steve whispered, making sure to brush his arm on Tony’s as he walked past. Tony shuddered for a second, and then seemed to double his speed. He had done shaping his loaf within seconds, quickly popping it into a pan and into the oven.
“Rogers,” said Nick, his voice eerily calm, “Stark. Is there something you’ve forgotten to tell us?”
“It’s been almost ten days now, Steve,” said Bruce, gently. “Don’t you think he’ll be over it?”
“Sorry, Nat, that’s all the dough I have,” he said cheerfully, and started to work on his filling.
“We’re snowed in,” Steve explained. “I couldn’t get one foot out of the house.”
“Fine,
“This is no time for jokes, Steve,” Tony snapped. “Oh,
Alright, that sounds good.
and you didn’t tell me?”
“Tony, honey, you’re okay,” said Steve, “Yes, we’re in a cave, but there’s no bad guys around and no one to kidnap you and put a car battery in your heart. You don’t have to work your way out of this, okay? The team knows where we are, I know they do, and I know they’ll come rescue us soon.”
He really had forgotten how much he loved this man.
Steve giggled weakly at that, and the couple fell into a companionable silence, Tony tracing every bruise and bump and stitch on Steve’s body with his fingertips. He leaned down and pressed a kiss to a scratch on Steve’s forehead
“Do you like it?” Steve asked shyly. “I, uh… let myself go a little bit. After we broke up.” He broke eye contact with Tony, staring awkwardly at the table in front of him. “Bucky helped me get my head on straight, but I kept the beard. I like it better.”
“You used them
“You almost died because of me,” said Tony, his voice low now, with no trace of amusement in it. “The least I can do is help you feel better.”
Pepper sighed for what seemed like the fiftieth time that hour. “You can look as good as we can make you, Tony, but you gotta at least smell a little bit like you didn’t just walk out of a brewery!”
Before Steve could retaliate in kind, the judges were at his station, ooh-ing and aah-ing over his pie, which, if he did say so himself, was a masterpiece.
The stupid website had been wrong, wrong,
“He’s still mad at me,” Steve mumbled, “For last week.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure.”
Tony pulled away from Steve for about two seconds, exasperated. “Who gives a shit about that right now?” he said, and then sunk to his knees, pulling at Steve’s belt buckle.
His arms were still wrapped tightly around Tony’ waist, but as soon as Tony started kissing him back, happy and fierce, they made their way up his body to cup his cheeks, as if they had a mind of their own. Maybe they did. Steve’s own mind was too busy short-circuiting at the fact that he was
“Tony,” said Steve, looking him directly in the eyes and trying not to let his voice tremble. “Will you marry me?” He laughed, slightly choked up. “I should have prepared for this better.”
“Didn’t think a little ol’ blizzard could keep Captain America away from his run,” he laughed. “Maybe I should engineer that suit of armour around the world after all. Make it snow every day so you’ll stay in bed with me.”
“Can we go outside?” asked Peter at breakfast the next day, the first words he’d said to his parents in almost 24 hours. Both adults eyed Peter like he was crazy.
He heard Clint stifle a laugh behind him, and he had to suppress the urge to grin. In front of him, Mary was having the time of her life with his pie.
Steve couldn’t tell you how it happened, if you asked him later. All he knew was that he tightened his grip on Tony’s hand, and, somehow, seconds later, they were kissing like they hadn’t in a long time. Possibly over two years.
Still, he had to do that exact thing if he wanted Tony to not freeze to death, so he toweled Tony dry as quickly as possible. He stripped him of his shirt and boxers while
“Peter, honey, no!” Steve hugged his son tight, his anger vanishing in his need to make his son feel better. “This has nothing to do with… adopting you was the best decision we’ve ever made.”
“I might have underestimated the power of the oven,” he said, smiling weakly as the judges moved on to the next table with no comment.
“Captain Rogers?”
Today, for once, Tony was hanging around the battle scene, but not because of any desire to help. He and the other Avengers were frantically digging around in the rubble for any sign of their lost teammate and leader. Steve wouldn’t be Captain America if he didn’t try to do something heroic and end up almost killing himself every mission.
,” he said quietly, almost reverentially. His eyes hadn’t once left the picture, not since he’d opened the box. “I don’t look like that. You’ve made me look better.
“He spent his whole life looking for you, Steve. You were the one thing he got right. He was obsessed. He never loved me because I was never as perfect as his pal, Captain America.” Tony laughed again, sadder this time. “You know how most parents use the boogeyman or whatever to scare their kids into eating their veggies and cleaning their rooms? Howard — whenever he remembered I existed, anyway — always made it a point to remind me that Captain America was his best friend, and he’d be so disappointed if he saw how Tony had turned out.”
Steve could see Tony was close to the boiling point, and placed a gentle hand on his shoulder to help him calm down. “It’s okay, honey,” he said, as softly as possible. “We can have some of Bruce’s tea instead. Maybe that’s good for you, really; it’ll help you relax better.” Tony brushed his arm off, glaring at Steve like an angry little kitten. Steve had never seen anything more adorable.
“I love you,” he mumbled happily, placing a little kiss to Steve’s breastbone. “I love you so much and I can’t wait to marry you.”
In fact, it seemed to be coming from… from behind him.
Peter picked up his bags and walked sullenly to the room at the furthest end of the cabin, away from the other two and the common areas. He still hadn’t said a word to either of his parents, and Steve felt the guilt grow stronger as he was left alone with Tony.
“Maybe I don’t, but I want to. Where does it hurt, Steve?”
“You laughed at me,” he said sullenly. “I fell. And you laughed.”
“I am sorry, Tony, but Clinton has paid me to not let you—” Thor broke off, stuttering wildly as he stared at something behind Tony. “I mean, I am… it is an Asgardian tradition to drink a full cup of this delicious coffee every full moon day!” He stared behind Tony again. “I mean, on every Monday!”
I’m no expert, but I’m definitely better than most of my teammates. When I was growing up, my mother worked all day and night to pay off my medical bills, and I was home by myself a lot. She taught me how to cook and bake so I could feed myself. And then when I got to this century, everything had gotten so much more advanced. Even now, though, baking always calms me down when I’m stressed, because it reminds me of my mom. Tony and some of the other Avengers helped me learn how to operate all your newfangled devices, so I bake in the Tower regularly now. Everyone loves my food, except Tony. He’s got the odd idea that he’s better than me at baking.
“They are very simple to eat,” he declared, and before everyone’s eyes, he picked up the 8-inch slab of burnt brownie and slammed it on the counter, so hard that it broke into several tiny pieces. Mary shrieked and fell backwards, clutching onto Fury’s arm for support.
“And we’re sorry we hurt you, sweetheart,” said Steve tenderly, rubbing a hand through Peter’s messy brown hair. “You’re right, we haven’t thought about you at all, in any of this. We haven’t really been great parents to you, have we?”
“No, Peggy, I died,” said Steve quietly, his face pained. “Lost B’cky too. Come back, please.” It took a couple of seconds, but Tony finally understood what he meant.
“And it’s gorgeous, Steve,” said Tony fiercely. “And I can tell by the lack of a frame that you thought I was just gonna hide this away, but this is going front and center on my desk tomorrow. Or on Monday, I guess.” He paused for a second. “Thank you,” he said sincerely, looking Steve directly in the eye. “This is the best birthday gift I’ve gotten in… well, years.”
“Ow!” Tony yelled as his pillow pulled away and his head fell to the ground. Rubbing his sleep-bleary eyes, he turned around to glare at Steve. “Why couldn't you give me a fucking—” And then he saw the sight in front of him, and his jaw dropped.
Steve tried not to look, he really did, but it was like being at a crime scene: you just
Tony cheerfully flipped them off, quickly pulling his hand down when he realized Peter was part of the crowd.
“Alright, bakers your time is up!”
Steve started hyperventilating a little. The word
I’ve definitely watched the show before; all of us Avengers watch it together. It's our comfort show, really, after a long battle or a day of training. I’d say we’ve watched every season at least twice. I love the Great British Baking Show and I’m honoured to be here.
“Are you sure you didn’t throw it in the laundry?” Steve yelled again, only to be met with silence. No doubt Tony was mumbling furiously into his pillow about Steve being a fool and not letting him get enough sleep.
Steve couldn’t make head or tail of what Tony was saying, but he listened as Tony continued on in an unbroken flow.
“Fuck Steve,” Tony panted, when they were outside the gates, in an area that was less crowded. “You couldn’t have stopped me?”
, the moans and whimpers of the injured around him –
“I got you,” he said, quiet and soothing, and he fed Tony the pills and water he’d kept ready last night. Tony gulped the whole bottle down, resting his head back onto the pillow with a groan.
Tony gripped his arm but instead of pulling himself up, he tugged roughly at Steve’s arm to make him fall down as well. Normally, without the suit, there was no way that Tony would’ve been able to shift Steve by so much as an inch, but Steve, caught off guard, stumbled a little and fell almost right on top of Tony.
“We are not risking another hit on you, Captain, and especially not in your weakened state,” said Fury calmly. “How would it look to our enemies if Captain America, who already looks like he’s in the  body of a child, pauses mid-battle to use an inhaler?”
