A sore spot for Tony was remembering what it was like to be the smart kid that didn’t really need the work, but Peter was a good kid and he’d be worried about the work he missed, so Tony humoured him, picking up his work and explaining to the school what had happened. They were surprisingly understanding to the situation, maybe because it was Iron Man asking them or maybe it was Peter’s flawless grade average and if he was home later, he’d have a good month to study for his end of year exams, he’d pass no bother. Or Peter would stress out and forget to eat and socialise but he’d pass with flying colours.
He inspected his work in the mirror. It would have to do for now. He couldn’t handle the longer strands blinding his view as he ran. Clint poked his arm out the tent, his hand in a come-hither motion. Steve marched over, bending his head to get into the grey cloth tent. “What the fuck did you do to your head?” Steve glared back at Clint. “Dude let me even out the sides at least. I could’ve done a pretty decent job!” Steve chuckled a little, he quickly stopped himself. He sat in the stool across from Clint. “What did Natasha say?” Clint shrugged his shoulders, shaking his head back and forward a little. “I have instruction and still have to translate the last couple of lines.” He reached under his stool, holding out a white cardboard box to Steve, “Step one- get Steve to open the box.”
Tony was practically his son, so it hurt when Howard distilled such little confidence in Tony. But here is his son. The carbon copy mixed with a little innocence and a blonde for sure, Tony always had an eye for blondes. Jarvis walked over and took Peter into a tight, surprised hug. Lifting the boy slightly off the ground.
Peter and Steve had started making these trips out to the cabin when he was just six years old, after Peter was woken early in the morning to the frantic yells of his family rushing down the hall, Peter dropped off the edge of his bed, pushing the slightly opened door, and followed the commotion as it travelled down to the medical floor of the tower. Peter poked his head around the corner to find his Pop’s covered in blood, gasping frantically for air, his whole body lurching off the cold, industrial medical table as the lesions in his skin poured blood from ever slice in his Pop’s suit. His Uncle Clint found him, not quite sure how long Peter had been there, his pyjamas t-shirt soaked in tears, hiccupping as he grasped his uncle’s leg. When he’d tried to leave with Peter to his bed again, Peter screamed, one of the few times the child had ever had an emotion outburst. His Dad ran over pulling him from his Uncle’s arms, Peter fingers couldn’t find any true grip on his Dad’s Iron suit as he brought him over to his Pops.
“Well, I did say I wanted to go home…” Peter muttered under his breathe, looking out the SUV’s window on the familiar but far from modern compound that he lives in. “You know this place Peter?” Tony was watching Peter’s reaction and Tony’s voice brought the attention of Steve, Coulson and Fury on this detail. “Uh yeah, well the fully renovated compound, spent a lot of time here that’s all.”
He’d been booking it towards Peter, his older self also showing the signs of exhaustion and clear stress for Tony’s son, It give him mild peace that he was still with Tony in some capacity in the future, Peter’s parents were geniuses obviously, Tony and other man had been working overtime to get their son back. The only question now was… could they?
“I think I look pretty good for 47 and your other dad, wasn’t quite how … I imagined them to be, don’t get me wrong, you just don’t really look like him with the dark hair and all that and I never thought I’d let anyone else in my workshop!” Tony tried to lighten the mood with a small chuckle at the end, he was pleasantly surprised that it did cheer Peter up a little. “What?” Peter couldn’t help but laugh, “you mean Uncle Bruce, your close friends since I was born, you’re like total, Science bros! He only gets in your lab if he doesn’t annoy you or steal any of your naan bread when we order takeaway!” Peter smiles at Tony, who almost show his true emotion – relief.
Surely, she thought, he can’t be dead, Peter was alive- Oh god, the kid! Where was he? She just stood still in the middle. Was the kid dead because Tony died? She marched over to Carter, “How do we find out what happened. Who lived? Who died? If you don’t tell me, I’m going to scene to find out.” Peggy sat up when her phone rang, she answered it, “Yes. Yes. Ok Thank ready to go in five.” She stood up to grab her coat, I need to inform the Jarvis family of the situation. You three. Orders, find him now, kill him and bring back the formula. Don’t come back till you do.” And with a sweeping throw of her coat over her shoulders she was out of the office.
Peter has always been aware that when his Pops returns from a mission, five things are certain to take place; one - the whole family will gather for dinner, or as uncle Thor puts it, “a hero’s feast.”  Two, that his Pops will not let him or his Dad out of his sights for any great length of time, which was fine in Peter’s book, he wanted to make sure his Pop knew he missed him too when he was away, also … that meant a couple of days off school, win-win really. Three, if either one of his parents were injured then at least one argument broke out. The worse the injury was, the more arguments took place, it was guaranteed. Peter had correlated the data into an exponential graph when he was 14, after a particularly bad broken collar bone led to a record breaking 13 arguments about who was going to take the responsibility or ‘self-blame’ for the injury. The graph has come in handy for consultation from time to time (it’s still accurate to this day). Four, his Dad would always read a book to his Pops while he was recovering in bed. Peter had originally guessed it was part mother hen on his Dad’s side, not wanting to let Steve sit bored or risk reading with a broken hand after that one time, Peter now guesses it just something they’ve always done just one of those weird things that parents just do. And five, his parents will be disgustingly lovely dovey with each other. He has a bingo card with his Uncle Clint, betting on which lines of sickening lovey nonsense his parents will spew to each other. Whether it’s slow dancing to their first dance song or quoting random lines from those really old movies that his parents used to watch together, one thing is for certain, they become unbearable and that quoting their vows is worth double points.
Tony rolled his eyes. He’d wanted to know what was going on, luckily for him he had a super power friend who could crawl on walls, hanging on to Peter shoulders, using his upper body strength techniques that Steve had taught him, he and Peter crawled across the high ceiling, positioning themselves just above the doorway heading towards Howard’s office. Peter physical felt the energy leave Tony’s body when he realised, they were leaving again. Peter felt worse knowing that him being here, stopped his Dad spending Christmas with his parents.
“YOU.” His anger direct only at Peter, whose back bumped against the counter as he took a step back, tears flowing down his face, “YOU KNEW, YOU KNEW THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN!?” Tony stormed forward, his face red, he gripped the front of Peter’s shirt roughly to pin him against the counter. He tried to speak but nothing came out. “YOU KNEW, YOU TOLD ME TO SAY GOODBYE?!” Tony screamed in agony to his face, “WHY DIDN'T YOU SAVE HER!?” He dropped Peter who scrambled to get away from Tony’s rage.
“Captain Rogers, this has been a traumatic experience for you. Waking up in 1990, to the death of one of the few living friends you still have from the 1940’s and the death of your only friend in the 90’s. I’m offering for you to be the… first trial subject for a process that has only been used once.” Steve didn’t like where this was going, he quietly played with a loose thread on his glove, trying to keep his breathing under control. “When we raided the Hydra base for the knock off Soldier serum, Director Stark’s team recovered this machine.” Director Pierce, gestured to the device and metal upright table that Steve was attached to. “Used to … alter the subjects memories, less likely to care about the target before the transformation.” Steve squirmed a little, stuck to this device didn’t allow much wiggle room for negotiation.
Peter led the way down the hall to his Pop’s new room, currently empty besides a matching; desk, bedside table and bed. The dark navy-blue sheets from the old flat were sitting folded on the bed near two pillows. The pair worked quickly to prepare the bed once the sheets were on, Peter sat on the bed to get the pillow cases sorted while Steve sat down and pulled his leg sitting across his body, undoing the boot straps and dropping them to the ground with a thud, rubbing his feet with both his hands to tease out the stress.
“Howard come on. You have Shield watching your back and can hide out in places like this. Tony is at MIT Campus right now, in a far from secure apartment which is only being guarded by two Shield guards!” Howard rolled his eyes again, setting his drink down on the bar. “What is it about you, Steve, Huh? You are my friend, Tony is my kid. Why are you so concerned about his safety huh? He’s my kid, my concern. He’s fine, he’s not worth a penny to be dead, I’m the one with the weapons company, remember?” Steve turned around to actual face Howard, breathing through his teeth to calm himself down. “Are you really that ignorant? Your son is the one pulling the all-nighters to design
“Do you think he does too much for me?” Tony shook his head, “Don’t answer that.” Tony turned to look over his shoulder at DUM_EE, watching his creation play catch with itself. “Hey,” Peter said to catch Tony’s attention once more, “If it truly was meant to be, then everything will play out correctly, me being here will not have changed anything, you’ll be happy.” And without hesitation Tony responded, “and if it has changed?”
The front doors slammed open, the trio whipped their heads room to the two large glass doors forced apart. Natasha lead her way into the building, Tony stepped forward, a few cautious steps.
Tony couldn’t help himself when setting this train of thought loose. What if now that Howard had passed away, that there was no need for Steve to stay friends with him anymore? The evidence was there, no phone calls, no visits, he didn’t even turn up to the burial. That was a clear enough message for Tony. But… He couldn’t help it, what if he called Steve asked for anything… just something to get him back with him. God he’d take him as his goddamn care-taker again. The opening of his office door broke his thought. He looked up quickly in mild surprise but schooled his face back.
Flicking through his notes, Tony continued to run his hands through his hair to style it for the day, correcting some of his equations as he went. Tony set the notes down again to pull on his boots, Steve walked out of the shower, fully dressed and to Tony’s pleasant surprise, not the Captain America uniform, blue jeans, trainers and a white t-shirt, Steve was using the black towel to scrub his hair dry as he smiled at Tony.
He remembered every groove on the shield, it was so familiar to him and his family, it sits in the corner of the living room for his Dad to forget, trip and stub his toe on, it was also used as Peter’s tobogganing sled when he was a baby. Steve watched Peter caresses the outside of the shield, he’d seen people do that before, like Agent Coulson, respect the shield but Steve could tell this was different, Peter was almost as familiar with the shield as he was, which was impossible, Steve hadn’t seen or met Peter before in his life.
Peter dropped the money onto the counter, gesturing with his head to the receptionist, who responded with a ‘gruff’, he reached over to the lock box and drop the keys onto the counter. “Room 202.” Peter nodded. He shuffled his backpack higher up on to his shoulder as he made his way outside into the rain. Keeping his head down until in the room. Quickly unlocking, opening, entering and closing the door. He pulled the curtains shut and searched the room. He removed his soaking hoodie and jacket first. Hanging them over the cheap white radiator. He rubbed his hands together before twisting his web shooter and firing a shot at the door lock. Satisfied with his work he took them off and sat them down on the bedside table.
Steve took a moment to process the information, nodding slowly but picking up speed as the information connect from his brain to his feet. “Thank you.” He picked up his sprint down the hall way once again. Peggy’s office doors were shut at the end of the hall but that didn’t stop Steve from sprinting into the doors at full speed with his shoulder, to smash one enough to hit the wall when it swung around.
“Only married couple on the team Steve, they’ve had years to get used to it and beside, leader of the team and chief of funding, they don’t really have a say.” Tony finally turned around and made his way over to Steve, hopping over the large cables leading up to the gauntlet, until he was in Steve’s space. Steve rested his arms on Tony’s shoulders, pulling on his fingerless glove behind Tony’s head.Tony looked up the short distance to Steve’s face taking his cheek in his hand and rubbing his thumb gently back and forth. Steve leaned into the embrace, closing his eyes. “I’ll be ok. I promise.” Tony slowed his motions, he let out a stuttered breath, “You don’t know that. We’ve lost our son to this thing. I’m not going be able to cope if you don’t come home.” Steve eye’s slowly fluttered open. Having finished pulling on his gloves he pulled his arms between them, taking Tony’s face in his hands, taking a moment to remember the feeling of Tony’s facial hair on his fingers and pulled him in closer, kissing him gently, pulling away Steve smiled and rested his forehead against Tony’s briefly before stepping back.
“Ever been to West Virginia?” Steve shook his head, “Well grab your hiking boots, we’ve got some walking to do!” The pair scrambled back into the truck, starting their journey to find out what Natasha needed them for. Clint backed out of the parking space and accelerated for the exit.
let out a breath when he’d stopped shaking but twisted on his knee keeping hold as Peter took a couple of steps forward. Towards the assassin.
“It was always going to be this way,” Tony muttered to himself before taking a large swig of his drink, he stood staring out at the gardens. He rolled his shoulders. He let his mind wander for the first time in days. He regretted it immediately. The phone rang once again, Tony dropped his shoulder throwing his head back to look up at the ceiling. Turning around he grabbed the phone once more. “Stark.” He pulled the cable so that he could stand and look out the window again.
. Maybe one day Buck would understand that enough, to let him live in denial at the lost of his family that he’d never get. His fella and their son. Steve Rogers, a lonely retired veteran who lived quietly in Brooklyn, not disturbing his neighbours, reading books, learning to play instruments, going to the local baseball game and silently spending his days reading by the window. It would be a quiet life.
Howard turned towards his wife, leaning down on the edge of the kitchen island. “Howard, its Christmas and I want you tell Tony that we are leaving again tomorrow.” Howard rolled his eyes, Ana’s body shot up to attention, turning to Maria, “Mrs. Stark, you can’t leave tomorrow, Tony will be upset you are not spending the holidays together!” Ana looked between Howard and Maria, they seriously were only going to be here tonight for dinner then off again.
All of them froze at the sound of a car pulling up outside the stark family front door. Jarvis stepped forward, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath in. He turned towards the door, sorted out his suit jacket as he made his way to the door. He turned to give the small family one last look before opening the double doors, plastering a tame smile on his face, “Welcome Home Mr and Mrs Stark!”
Peter jumped up on to the ceiling, It was his Uncle Rhodey, “Come on Tony, Class starts in like 20 minutes, you aren’t still in bed are you?” Peter crawled along the hallway ceiling into his dads room. Rhodey walked down the hallway to Tony’s bedroom opening the door to see if he was in there. “Tony, I see the coat and shoes at the couch, are you hiding someone, you know I don’t care right on that you actually go to Class?” Peter rolled his eyes at the comment, yeah his dad was a playboy back in the day but surely like not now? He lived with his Pops for god sake! Or he had lived with his Pops. Rhodey walked out shaking his head, Peter could hear him walking towards the front door.
Peter pulled the mask off his head, quickly stuffing it back into the wrist shooter. His Uncle ran up and kneeled down on one knee beside him. “You ok kid?” Peter coughed but nodded. Romanoff made a move to continue the chase when Barton shouted out. “Don’t. He’s long gone, and you know it.” Romanoff stopped two steps short of the edge of the roof. Considering the jump before looking back to Barton, her tone was confusion mixed with a hint of anger. “He’s not far. Why wait? End this now.” Barton looked the kid up and down, helping him sit up before patting his back. “The shadows are his friend not ours. Besides he’ll appear again. The kid needs help anyway.”
Clint grabbed his quiver and bow from the corner of the concrete cell. “Let’s go Cap, we don’t have much time.” Steve quickly marched to follow Clint, “They’re going to after Nat, we need to get a message to her some how and quick.” Clint held his arm out to stop Steve turning the corner. He took a deep breath and quick aim his arrow and released it down the hall. Three successive thud’s of bodies hitting the ground. “Sounds like a good plan, they at least let me know that they don’t have a clue where she is. but that doesn’t mean they aren’t closing in!” Steve
Steve chuckled gently to himself, not letting his eyes linger any longer on the sight before him, because … there was nothing for him to see. Just friends, just classic Tony. Steve reached over to take Tony’s notes, tidying the sheets into a pile and setting them on his desk. He made his way to the bathroom to take a shower, deciding to save Tony from himself, Steve took an extra towel and threw it at Tony, who startled awake.
that he always associated with him. His arm reached wildly round the inside of the family hug to find connection with his Pops. Peter could only cry tears of joy in his family’s arms. Tony’s grin hurt his face, finally seeing his young boy after months apart.
Tony, flicked his wrists, the crisp white bedsheet flew out over the double bed, floating down to sit over the mattress. Shuffling past the travellers trunk at the bottom of the bed he pulled the sheet over the corners and tucked it in underneath. Stepping back to appreciate his work before he reached down and threw the pillows up and over to the top of the bed. Tony patted them down and squared them off with the bed. Turning round he pulled the duvet off of the desk chair and sorted it out over the bed. He smiled to himself, happy that when Peter gets home, his bed and his room as a whole are ready for him, including; free of charge, all his washing done and some of the homework he’s missed.
The gentle knock at the door startled him. “Master Peter, are you alright? Maria, Tony, Ana and myself are going to play Monopoly, would you like to join?” Peter stood up off the bed, walking round to smooth out the bed sheets. He made his way to open the big wooden door, Jarvis standing on the other side, the suit jacket replaced with a knitted jumper. “Hey Jarvis, uh, yeah I’ll be down soon.” Jarvis frowned, “Peter what’s wrong? You’ve been crying?” Peter used his sleeve to quickly wipe away the tears. “yeah, yeah just over whelmed at uh stuff, I’ll be down stairs, I promise.”
Steve sat up straight at the bar, “What options Howard? Aren’t you supposed to be heading home for Christmas break about now?” Howard walked around to the same side as Steve, rolling his eyes, leaning on his elbow crossing his legs over to balance at an angle. “This assassin, Peggy’s got you chasing, he’s going to try and kill me, hence me hiding out here.” Howard causally gestured to the building around him. “But I need you by my side in case something happens, you’re my best guy. ” He gave Howard his best, ‘I’m not impressed face.’ “Come on Steve, You’re the one guy I can trust in this whole thing. Leave Barton to find the guy and stay as personal security!” Steve stood up, he considered just leaving at Howard stupid request.
Everyone watched the items hit the floor but as soon as some of them hit the floor they disintegrated. All that was left was the wrench, Vibranium and the glove. Peter knelt down to grab his Pop’s glove, picking it up, much to the shock of some of the scientists. “What lived Peter?” His Uncle Bruce called out as his Dad stood with a worried expression on his face, his arms gripping the bottom of his shirt in stress. Peter looked up to his Dad, “The metals, wrench, Vibranium, and Pop’s glove. What does that mean Dad, please say I can come home?” Peter’s voice cracked towards the end, a few watery tears made their way out of Peter’s eyes.
“So, you know about Steve?” Peter sat up a little, nerves getting the better of him, keeping his attention firmly on the booklet, Natasha smiled at him, “Yeah, you didn’t really hide it that well, also Shield’s got a file on your DNA breakdown.” Peter’s shoulder slumped, guilt and a little bit of worry at how much information had already fallen into Shield hands. Natasha felt a hint, it was a very small concern, of worry for the kid. “Also, you may look like Stark’s double but that smile is all Steve’s. You are his spitting image.” Peter finally raised his head up from the report, grinning ear to ear at his Aunt, “Not many people say that, thanks.” Peter was lost in thought again, smiling to himself.
I'm so sorry this Chapter took so long to edit and write! A small week with the flu wiped me out! I hope the story continues to excite and that you enjoyed this new chapter! See you in the next one!
“Steve why couldn’t you have just come back to see me? Not anything to do with the kid? Was I that bad to live with?” Steve looked hurt, his face contorting into a look described as a kicked puppy. “Tony, no its not like that, It’s the best time living with you! You’re like my anchor point to this time, everyone walked around me like I’m gonna crack like an egg, you just treated me like a normal 25-year-old. You showed me everything I need to know about this time!” Steve got up quickly out of his chair heading toward Tony who was leaning on the fridge door, in his personal space but not quite sure what to do once he was there.
Clint chugged the energy drink, throwing his head back. reaching the final boarder cross into West Virginia, “ready to see your son again?” Clint chuckled as he chucked it into the destroyed leather back seats. Steve rolled his jaw, shuffling himself in his seat, to a fresh position to reduce the strain on his back. “Its feels like I’m going to meet him under a new light. Knowing that he’s my son? That he’s alive?!” Steve let out a sigh, crossing his arms over his chest, fiddling with the over sized plaid shirt he was wearing this morning. Clint looked over to check on Steve, his trade mark cheeky smile relaxed into a genuine smile.
’s suit. Dum_Ee rolled over to the landing pad, using its claw to clean the space around the gauntlet, Tony smiled as he passed Dum_Ee picking up the trash and rolling it into the bin.
had his arms curled around Peter’s back who had fallen to kneel on his dad’s thighs. One arm gripping tightly around his waist and the other clutching at his son’s hair, muttering lost words into his son’s neck. Peter’s arms curled into his dad’s chest, Steve at least could hear his stuttered breaths.
Captain Rogers and his team were currently in Russia, they were due to check in a week or so. Far from the news, far from the headlines that were reporting on where Tony was. Steve had requested it. It suited everybody. It was just hard for Peggy to be placed in the middle, if she told Tony, he would cut her off, if she told Steve, he’d probably kill her. She knew he was lonely, it was made abundantly clear. Steve’s team had been spotted at the public memorial for the Stark family. They didn’t interact with her, but she watched the footage. Steve had sat in the middle of the congregation, he sang with the congregation, he spoke to the ministers about his grief and how to process it all, it wasn’t much help for him.
Spider-bro crawled along the floor until he reached the end of the hall way. The robot crawled up the side wall, settling quietly in the upper corner of the room, pointing to the kitchen. Peter nodded to himself, happy with the position of the drone. Peter turned on his heals towards the holo-board project out from the mask. “Peter, I managed to connect to Stark Industries Servers when the anomaly was open. I downloaded the footage of your journey here and analysed it. I also downloaded a video from the family’s private file server labelled, ‘In case Karen connects, Peter watch this immediately’. Shall I play it now?”
Natasha was seated in front of the desktop computer. “Captain.” Steve turned around, the screen was displaying a newspaper headline for tomorrow. Steve clenched his fists before forcing them to relax. A handful of windows were open with other headlines.
but Peter had spent his winter break locked in his bathroom, in his make shift red-room for disassembling each piece individually and rebuilding it. The frames scattered across the wall, the photos showed Peter’s story of fixing the camera, some were rescued photos from the camera’s last use, random hills and mountains from Steve’s many missions in Germany.
Jarvis entered the kitchen, pulling on his out door gloves. “Oh, I thought we were going a walk?” Tony looked between Ana and Peter, “how about Peter stays here and help you Ana, Jarvis and I can go a walk!” Peter smiled and nodded at the idea, this could be his only time to get to know Ana, “I’d like that.” Ana grinned sweetly. “I will always say yes to extra hands in the kitchen! Off you two go then!”
winked, mouthing the words, ‘personal upgrade’ but his eyes caught movement from the assassin. He quickly made his way back into the same formation, Peter’s body stopped shaking, catching the attention of the two Steves’. The group attention fell on Peter. Peter couldn’t stop shaking, no matter what he thought about but he stopped the moment the Soldier stood up. His
had been telling stories of his family from the time that Peter had been missing, Tony was mentioned once or twice. He was almost jealous of his future self of
Steve roughly pointed to the title of the plans. “You told me I was the last one. But here a find plans for an infiltrated Hydra base in a Stark database.” Peggy placed her glasses back on to read the title, when she had, she leaned back into her office chair, crossing her legs. “You’re one of the three people with high enough clearance to order this strike.” Steve leaned on the desk with both of his knuckles. Tiling his head in an angry flick.
She hated having to be the bad guy but if Steve knew that Peter was his child, then he would know that Anthony was alive. She flicked over the pages in her hand, Howard’s last wishes, Anthony and Steve must be kept apart, they’ll ruin each other. She sighed again, the board of Directors were happy to keep this wish considering Anthony was producing the most powerful weapons mankind had ever seen and Steve was wiping out all Hydra operatives one by one. She couldn’t argue that friendship is more important than these results. “Thank you again, please be gentle with them, they’ve been through a lot.”
“Rhodey-bear get lost, Peter pack a bag!” Peter nodded, he dusted himself down slightly, he held out his hand to shake Robert’s, “I’m Peter … Peter Parker…” Robert raised a single eyebrow at Peter, what a…polite young boy, Robert was impressed. He took the young boy’s hand and shook it, “Robert Hanson. Personal driver for the Stark family for the last 23 years. I’ll be taking you and Master Stark to the Stark Mansion for Christmas break.” Peter smiled and nodded, “I’ll go get packed quickly.” Robert smiled back and proceed to clear the floor of pizza boxes. Peter felt slightly guilty for the old man cleaning up his mess, so he moves quickly to get packed.
Steve slammed the door behind him, the wood slightly bending due to the force, but it kept the winter chill out. Even if there was a large draft coming in from under the door. Steve kicked the towels they were using as draft excluder, with the back of his boots. Dropping the logs next to the wood burning stove. Clint was curled up next to it, wrapped in at least two thick woollen blankets, only the tips of his boots poked out from the bottom. Steve could feel the chill setting into his bones, an unfortunate reminder of his time stuck in the ice. But he was bigger than that now. He was currently hiding out in an old safe house of Shield somewhere in North Dakota.
Peter yelled toward his Uncle, “I’m going to take him home, now.” Rhodey could barely keep his eyes open and nodded, he shook Peter’s hand again and walked out the club, he knew he wasn’t going to be much help, so he left Peter to it. When Tony realised that he was getting up to leave, he forced himself to sit back down.
Peter flinched at the first hit, once Tony stopped, he asked, “Is he ok?” Tony nodded, “A couple of stitches, the serum will repair the wound but no painkillers for the big guy, so it’s going to be a long night.”
“Uh well, we don’t know for sure but at my best guess, I could say it would be unlikely, the offspring would likely not see the effects of the super serum. They would be more likely in my best guest to suffer from everything else you had before the serum took hold, vitamin deficiencies and so on. Can I ask why.” Steve didn’t need Natasha to tell him her train of thought. He knew. He had made his own theories too, but she wants to get to the bottom of the kid’s story, and she’ll get the information she needs so that she can eliminate possible answers.
Peter’s face slackened, his mouth left slightly open, eyes wide in wonder. His Pops looked tired if that was possible, Peter recognised the shirt from the morning when he disappeared, It was crumpled in places, the dark jeans now replaced with workout joggers. His hair unkept, the bags under his eyes were not that pronounced but it was clear his Pops had not slept. His Pops had burns over his arms, faint but there. A tired look staring back at the camera.
“Same day we last spoke, Uncle? You figured out what is happening yet?” Thor let out a sigh of relief, he sat himself cross legged on the floor, his cape missing replaced with an avengers hoodie. Peter thought to himself, as he moved to sit on the floor in front of his Uncle, crossing his legs as well, this could be the only contact he has with home for the rest of his life? He might never see his parents again, he’d eventually need to leave Tony and Steve alone so that he could be born, for the loop to cycle round again. Nope. Not going down that way again.
“Peter, are you ok?” Steve understood now why Tony was so protective of Peter. Before Peter could answer a loud bang came from the orb, everyone in the room stepped back, the orb began to expand rapidly. “Figures are off the charts, this can’t last long!” A scientist called out to the room, Steve stood in front of Peter and Tony, trying to protect them from the expanding purple orb. Director Carter was shielded behind Coulson and Fury as the noise of the orb grew louder. With a large spark of energy, the room flashed purple.
Steve sighed and decided to pick Tony up in a bridal hold with Peter following closely behind. Heading out the gate Peter had to quickly stop Steve and direct him to the new apartment, “uh, sir, Tony has a new flat, it’s this way,” pointing down the street in the opposite direction. Steve sighed and turned, “was its Howard?” He already knew the answer, but Peter answered anyway just to confirm, “yeah, he was going to visit tomorrow I think…”
“Your late Tony, who’s this?” Rhodey called out loudly gesturing to the pair to the two beers on the table. “Meet Peter, new roommate and friend!” Rhodey gave Peter a look and held his arm out for a shake. Peter looked quite terrified, he knew he did, he took his Uncle’s hand in a firm shake and sat down next to Tony. “Do you know what you’re getting into by living with Tony?” Rhodey asked sipping on his beer.
Once Peter was back to his own timeline safely, surrounded by his family and his two loving father’s, Steve vowed to himself that he would decline the next international mission and finish the renovations on his mother’s apartment and well… retire. Well aware that he could afford it, the idea appealed to him as Tony had always suggested. It would allow him to watch over Bucky and any recovering he could make after all this time and spend his life in peaceful silence, mourning, he guessed, the loss of …
“Peter, I sense weakness in your muscles, you need to be home and training with your father, as soon as possible, I suggest burning energy through running in this time or I can try and stay a little longer to help in your training youngling!” He took in Peter’s general appearance and cross his arms over his broad chest, “As for your father, he is, as you would say? In rescue mode to get you home, he’s keeping your dad well feed and forcing him to rest to keep him working at his strongest. He tried to keep to himself, away from the family but Natasha kicked some sense into him that you were alive and safe!... We will all be pleased to see you back at home soon.”
Steve Rogers is a tall, blonde hair, blued eyed man and his son in comparison, is short, brunette and brown eyed. Not many people could see the family resemblance, and luckily for Peter, the paparazzi couldn’t really either but it was there in his upbringing, Steve instilled the value of standing up for himself and those he cared about, no matter his size. He truly would give anything right now for just one more movie night squished between his parents, his Pops size encasing his family together, he could cocoon himself in his parents arms, a comfortable warmth that he could only ever feel between his parents. He missed his dad fussing over his hair and the state clothes while his Pops would hop over couch to get more snacks.
The glove, however, didn’t really match the man Steve saw through the portal’s crack. The other man in Tony’s lab seemed well dressed, didn’t have a need for a fingerless glove, he didn’t see the man as the one to ride motorbikes or any heavy lifting at all, not that Steve was judging… just didn’t seem like Tony to be someone like the other man. Peter didn’t even really look like the man either, Peter’s hair that was currently flopping out from under Steve’s chin was much lighter than Tony’s hair and that man’s hair was much darker. It couldn’t be him could it? Steve ran a check list through his head, Peter had brown eyes same as Tony, his hair was light brown, not Tony’s and definitely not the man’s, his strength, not natural so not Tony’s but maybe the other man? The kid was shorter than average, same as Tony, the kids smile, not Tony’s.
Natasha pulled the unconscious Bucky’s arms round to flip him on to his stomach. Using a piece of fabric to tie his arms behind his back. Clint picked him up using the body armour straps and dragged his upper body towards the back of the pick up truck. Steve stood up, he followed behind closely watching Bucky’s face for any sign of movement. Steve helped Clint, lift him over the back edge of the truck. He turned to look over his shoulder when he heard muffled whispers. '
with 30% and the rest left collectively owned by JAP (Jarvis Ana Peter) Company, who banded together when the tables started to turn. Ana stood up and left to prepare the dinner, Jarvis left to set the table. “Mom, if this is Christmas dinner, Jarvis and Ana should sit with us.” Tony’s statement was clearly not up for negotiation. She sighed, “sorry you had to over hear that darling, will you be alright here yourself. Of course, they can. Jarvis did you hear that?” She called a little louder towards the end.
Steve curled his arms around the kids back, one of Peter’s hands moved to clutch and grab at the front of Steve’s uniform. Peter let out a gasp of a sob, his face red with tears, the streaks marked down his face. Steve thoughts wandered again, he saw is future self, every mission that he will take, ends successfully. That he lives in the future, he and Tony stay close friends, enough that Peter means something to him, he wasn’t in his Captain America suit, he was dressed nicely but haggard, he clearly had also worried about Peter. He appearance hadn’t shocked him, but Tony’s wedding ring had. Tony had adamantly stated that he would never marry, that anyone he married would be after his money and a quick divorce, so to see a wedding band on his hand was shocking. Someone Tony trusted enough to actual marry them and have a son with them. He should have checked the other man’s hand for the matching band.
“Oh, Anthony…” Peggy pushed herself up and out of her chair, gently placing her hand on the edge of the old desk to help her round to the other side. Moving to stand and look out the window beside Tony. “ Do you believe for one second that Peter is ashamed of his family? That he isn’t proud to be a Stark?” Peggy rested her hand on his shoulder rubbing her thumb back and forth over his shoulder. Tony’s spine stiffened, straightening as his shoulders rolled back, he raised his head as his mouth twitched into a quick but sad frown.
, he couldn’t admit that to himself, not yet, “overwhelming, technology and just the amount of people on campus.” Clint peaked out from his blanket fort.
“Why are you so chill about me and all this?” Peter gestured to himself and the suit which was laid out on the coffee table. “Like your son from the future, is a crime fighting man dressed as a spider, who can walk on walls and break them too!” Tony snorted a bit, “ok, do I actually say you’re a man, first off?” Peter whined again, “No, but my name is Spider MAN! For your information!”
Peter’s head was pounding, he felt a large hand gently stroke the hair out of his face, he kept his eyes shut and leaned into the touch. He heard a soft ‘shss’ and groaned, stretching his muscle’s out. The large hand continued to pat down his hair in the right direction out of his face. Peter felt so relaxed that he began to drift back to sleep, the gently voice encouraging him to do so, ‘relax Peter, we’re going to land soon, don’t worry everything will be ok.” Peter hummed in agreement with the voice.
Steve was pinned under the tent sheet. Three of them holding him to the dirt. He reacted with a jolt. Jumping up, he whipped the tent off of his head, stepping forward he was hit, immediately gripping at his upper chest, he looks down to his suit. A needle sticking out of his chest, he felt a sort of buzz, his body loosening and relaxing, stemming from him chest, he looked up to Clint passed out on the ground. His vision began to blur, he could hear his own pulse in his ear, he closes his eyes, he’s sure he can smell dirt, it doesn’t bother him that much, he can’t really focus on anything right now. He tries to clench his fist, but he can’t feel the sensation. He opens his eyes one last time, Shield badges on the soldier’s arms. He’s going to have some strong words with Peggy next time he sees her….
Peter curling his fist with a quiet yesss to himself, Steve chuckled as he motioned for Tony to join him on the 7 seater corner couch which was slightly sunken into the ground to create a more open space or at least, that is how to the design team sold the idea to Tony. Tony reached for the plate of the now peanut buttered toast, he picked it up, ate a bite as he walked over and sat down on Steve’s other side. Peter motioned for the toast, “HEY that’s my breakfast!” as Steve let out a monotone repeat of “Language, please Tony.”
Steve froze for a seconded. Peter held his breath to see what would happen, but Steve let out a quite chuckle and unzipped his hoodie, lifted Tony’s head slightly and set the hoodie under him as a pillow. Peter was glad his Pops wasn’t screaming his head off, after their last phone call, Peter was convinced it was going to end in a screaming match. Steve stood and watched Tony sleep peacefully on top of his hoodie, Steve appreciated the moment just to check in on Tony, he hadn’t seen him since he’d left in May.
Steve pulled his wrist forward again, purposely making the metal creak under the pressure. “He preferred Tony.” Peggy stood forward between them. She place her hand on Pierce’s chest. “Stop. He’s hurt enough. Offer your stupid plan and let him go, when he says no.” Steve raised a single eyebrow at Peggy. That doesn’t sound good. Steve grunted out a sound.
Finally! After a dead hard drive and complete deletion of this chapter, I'm back. While I'm confident that the original chapter was stronger and likely better edited, its finally here!
“In case Karen can connect back to the servers, we’ve decided to leave this message for you on all access points just … in the small hope that we can communicate to where ever you are.” His Dad gave a small smile, Pops shifted his weight and spoke, “Hey Petey, your Dad is working round the clock to get you home as you can probably tell,” He jokingly gestured to both their general appearances, Tony let out a soft laugh, Steve’s smile stayed strong on his face, “We miss you so much, the family practically moved into the workshop with your dad!”
in his chair and pulled a blanket over his chest to hide the suit. Another Shield transport passed by on the opposite side of the track. “I think Tony would have left behind some communication tech in the apartment, if not, we should try and break in to Stark Mansion, he’ll have stock piles of equipment.”
“I don’t know what he sees in you to be quite frank. The Captain is one of the most successful soldier for the protection of the United States. Yet, every time I give him a mission report, he’s running back to you of all people?” Fury stalked towards him, he crossed his arms, the short black combat jacket crinkled, the only sound in the room, his face stood neutral but his tone held frustration, “He was close with Director Stark, is that it?” Tony curled his fist, taking a physical step back. Peggy watched from afar, opening and closing her mouth, speechless. Fury stepped forward again, “Captain America, produced the best results this organisation has had in the last two decades, single handed. The moment he sees you, that’s gone. Lives at risk, World peace in the balance but some,” Fury stood over Tony, looking down at him, Tony fiddled with the front button of his suit but did not break eye contact with him. He has to stand his ground. Tony wound the button tight, holding it at its limits.
Steve turned to look over his shoulder, watching closely as the river followed the road, maybe he should go back to church, pray for forgiveness, not for …caring about Tony, but that he lost him too early. That he couldn’t protect the friend he had. Steve changed his mind again, he wouldn’t go to church but he wished he could speak to his mother. She would tell it to him straight, what to do next? He wondered what she would have thought of Tony, would she understand it all? She always said he liked people his height, at the time, short, spunky and larger than life brunettes. She’d want to make Tony dinner and Tony would have taken one look at their apartment and replaced everything in it. Or break everything so he could replace it.
“Loud and clear Shell-head, what’s happening on your end?” Steve’s voice responded from the device. His tone tired and soft as if he hadn’t spoken all afternoon.
Peggy scoffed, “Me? Never.” Steve chuckled again, resting his eyes with a gentle smile. “I feel it’s in your interests to know that Obadiah Stane visited Anthony while you were away, Tony’s managed to improve his remote A.I guidance chip so- “Steve cut Peggy off, “In English Pegs.” She drew in a breath through her nose, he lips sealed in a tight line at being cut off. “He’s improved Stark Industries military missiles again. Even without Shield support he seems to be able to
Tony watched in awe of his future self, he looked like death walking, but this was definitely due to his missing son and not a regular outfit of dress shirt and oversized joggers. Tony tried to take in as much as he could. He could see multiple wires lining the walls and floor of the other side, the concert walls were lined with various workshop tools and framed blue-prints of designs he didn’t recognise.
Peter then jumped to the ceiling to create the most distance between his Uncle in the immediate moment. Steve looked up to his son on the ceiling while standing under him, “Son, trainers off when on the ceiling, we don’t want marks up there.” Peter leaned over to pull off his trainers, he hesitated before throwing them at his Uncle Clint. Barely breaking a new sweat Clint moved out the way of each of the trainers, “pssst. Try harder next time kid.” Clint called out before turning to Steve, “how you holding up team leader?”
Tony met up with Peter in the kitchen as he was unpacking the food into the old fridge. “Dude not to rush you but can you work on the heating? It’s going to get even colder tonight!” Tony agreed with the cold shiver his body gave. Running through to his room he pulled apart a couple of boxes, careful to place Steve’s old war tin down safely, until he pulled out his tool kit. Running back through to the main boiler, Tony spent an hour or so until the spark of a flame was brought to life and the flat slowly started to heat up.
Clint was pacing around the truck, checking round every corner incase Steve appeared, when he finally spotted Steve approaching, he gave him a thumbs up when he saw the transmitter. He excitedly grabbed the transmitter and hopped up into the truck bed. Steve leaned in the passenger side door to grab the large battery and connector cables.
Peter shuffled his body once more, readjusting the ice balancing on his face from his reclined position on the couch. Flipping over the page of Natasha report from the crash, turning over the page, he sighed, the section on his grand parents death had been brutal in detail but the fact the Steve had been led on to believe that he and Tony had died was insane! “How did he take it?” Natasha looked up from her book, rocking back and forth on the dark wooden rocking chair, the familiar grooves missing from the floor.
Tony sighed. throwing the sketch book down next to him, he rolled off the end of the bed. He made his way through to his own room, revenge is best served cold, so he decide to just leave the bed unmade. Smirking to himself as he sauntered across the hallway. Pulling on a grey suit and a light blue shirt, he looked over himself in the mirror. Checking each side of his face, he made the decision not to shave, just to really give it a go at the facial hair, might make him look older in the boardroom. “Lets hit the road, Rhodes!”
Peter groaned and rolled quickly out of the way of the incoming fist, it slammed directly next to his head into the gravel. The shooter grabbed Peter round the neck lifting him up. Peter grabbed on to the shooter’s one-armed jacket/vest. Gripping the patch that was attached to the covered arm. Peter tried to use his feet to gain purchase against the shooter’s chest. If he didn’t do something quick, he was going to pass out. As he started to gasp for air, an arrow lodged its way into the elbow of the metal arm, releasing Peter, dropping to the ground on his knees as he coughed for air. The shooter turned in the direction of the shot, he spotted the two figures quickly making their way over the roofs towards him. He looked down at Peter before deciding to jump off the side of the roof in to the alley below.
sure that he was taking him home tomorrow. Peter Rogers is going to be home in his own bed, in his own time. Tomorrow, Steve could promise him that.
Peter wanted to laugh, his Pop’s has never been good with new people. “I’m a new friend of Tony’s, my parents… are out the country so he offered to take care of me until I can go home…” Steve nodded in response, noting how he hesitated, Steve assumed the kid’s parents must be like Howard and Maria, withdrawn and unforgiving.
The walls were an odd colour, the wood too dark, not enough expose to sunlight yet, his rocking chair was in too good of a condition to be considered his, the book shelf was half empty rather than overflowing, the record player missing their Stark Industries upgraded speakers, everything was just slightly wrong. It was just a little unsettling for Steve. It was the same for Peter, his son seemed, so far, alright but the whistling technique had clearly been a little too well used for Steve’s liking. He promised himself to find out what had happened and to not allow Peter to go through that again.
The waiting was agony, every moment of just listening to static, hoping they hadn’t already gotten to her before they could warn them. Clint slammed his fist down on the truck bed, before he could even speak the radio crackled to life. - ALIVE - SENDING CO-ORDINATES - QUICK - YOU WANT TO BE HERE. - Clint scrambled through the small window for a note pad, carefully noting down the co-ordinates. Steve patiently waited as Clint attempted to find the location on a map.
“Steve?” Tony gripped the arm rests as he slowly stood up from behind Peggy’s desk. Steve collapsed to his knees, the shield hitting the ground with an almighty thud, he cried. Silent tears at the sight of his friend. Alive.
Peter was caught off guard by Thor’s sudden disappearance. He waved his hand through the space that Thor had occupied, hmm, Peter thought to himself, odd but maybe something happened on his end, just cause he’s gone doesn’t mean the villains stop attacking. He picked himself up off the floor. He threw the rubbish in the bin and began to make his way to Tony’s class.
“Peter!?” He can hear Steve’s voice calling out to the echoing space of the fire exits. Peter let out the smallest whimper for help, Steve’s super hearing picked it up and jumped over the edge of the railing to drop the 7 storeys to the ground floor. The ground cracking around his boots at the impact. He looked up to Peter and quickly engulfed the kid in a hug, keeping him in the darkness of the staircase. “I’m so sorry, I know what it is like to be a man out of their time.”
The hairs on the back of his neck began to tingle, his hearing zeroed in on the noise, approaching faster and faster, small…like … A
Tony careful walked round to other side of the desk, he peered over the side of Steve’s shoulder, leaning his head gently on his upper arm as he wrote, crossing his arms around his stomach to fully lean on Steve’s side. Steve hesitated, while Tony assumed it was from his pressure of leaning on him, Steve’s mind just left him, his heart skipped a beat when Tony leaned on him, he held his pen still, just for a moment.
“I know it’s going to be a challenge with all your other senses on overload but actually seeing the space you’re in can help limit your brain reaching outside this boundary.” Peter slowly released the tension in his eyes, opening them slowly to stare at the cream ceiling. He let out a whistle.
Peter let out his breath slowly, the air came out, slow and stutter. “You’re going to be able to sense the whole compound in a single second and it will be overwhelming, trust me, I ran into a shop window because I couldn’t figure it out!” Peter’s next breath gave room for a little laugh, “Step one, son, breathing. If you can make it the loudest thing you hear then it can be a controlling factor. Take a large one in, if it helps, whistle as you breathe out, high pitched noises are particularly distracting.”
Steve smiled, just in the corner of his mouth like he knew a secret, well technically he did before using his other hand to readjusted his leather harness on his shoulders. Giving one final squeeze he let go of Tony’s hand. Walking round to the other side of the desk he bent over at his hip to pick up his shield. Steve couldn’t wait until Tony invent the fancy glove that wold call the shield back to him.
Tony’s hand grab through his hair, distracted by the photo of his family on his desk. Peter remembered it. He last saw it months ago. It was taken at his Dad’s birthday party, they had all dressed up in the best for lunch, but by the time dinner came around they were in matching red joggers that had ‘Rogers’ printed down the leg. Peter was lifted in his Dad’s arms, with his Dad being lifted in his Pop’s arms. All laughing at their fun day together. It had been a while since he last saw it.
“When my dad said he wanted a kid, he was going to have a kid. Even if it meant becoming a genetics expert of the course of a year until he was successful with my Pops and had me.” Peter explained to his Aunt Peggy. “Peter James Stark. Kid born and raised in New York to two of the coolest parents in the world, because they defied science just to get me. So yeah. I’m going to be his son.” Peter pointed at Tony who was grinning ear to ear at Peter’s story.
“You’re Alive Tony!? You’re actually alive!” Steve super-hearing could hear the excited beats of Tony’s heart in his chest, “You’re Alive!”
“I study in New York at Midtown School of Science and Technology, got in under a fake name so that they didn’t just give it to me, Well to a Stark, my … parent encouraged me to stick with my year group age though, was invited to here actually last year, well my last year in the future. Finishing up soon then College.”
“Exactly!  Glad you understand young Nephew! There should be no adverse effects to your health when you return to the future time, you’ve not even noticed the advancement in time, so it is unlikely to be a problem upon your return!” Peter nodded slowly, strange feeling to know you are out of sync with the rest of the world. “Your parents are glad to hear you are well and are proud of your continued determination after such a long time for yourself. They wish to know how you are?”
Tony was laying on the top of the booth seating. His face blank staring at the ceiling. Girls sat in the booth, giggling between themselves, happy to spend Tony’s money for him. Rhodey made his way over to Tony, side stepping the drunks who would fall in front of him. Rhodey gave it a minute to inspect Tony. Tony was wearing a suit but the pale blue shirt was clearly over sized and not his. Tucked into his trousers but the shoulders sat too far down his arms. rolled up to his elbows but still too baggy for him. Rhodey quickly realised that it was Steve’s shirt, Tony’s waist coat that was left unbuttoned, couldn’t hide his fist gripping the excess fabric of shirt.
“I would say yes but birdbrain offered earlier, something about building out the ‘Hawk’s nest’ or something else dorky.” Steve snorted, Clint threw one of his hands out of the blanket to point accusingly at Natasha, “The Hawk-Eye View Treehouse, was supposed to be a secret, traitor!” he wiggled his finger at her before hiding it back in the blankets, muttering under his breath, “stupid girl, should have stuck to the no girls allowed rule.”
“I don’t know, technically I was on-route to Shield HQ, but I haven’t landed yet. I think my flights somewhere over the Atlantic right now.” Tony rolled his eyes, pouring the last part of his cup, he decided to take a large drink straight from the bottle, tilting his head back as he drank. Natasha winced for him. “Are you alright Tony?” He just shrugged his shoulders. “Is Peter alive?” Tony froze. Taking another swig of his drink. “I told him to leave.” Natasha, let her face show her worry, “What happened.” It was more of a demand than a question.
Steve kicked open the door, he caught a small glimpse of a shadow heading out the door. In his frustration and rage, he threw the shield against the wall, bouncing off, it flew down the hallway towards his target. Steve sprinted down the hall to find his shield deflected into the wall, he pulled in roughly out of the wall as he ran by. The winter solider jumped out the window. Steve stopped short, looking over the cliff’s sharp edge. He screamed out in rage into the abyss. Slamming his fist into the concrete wall. The dust flying over his ruined suit. Clint had finally caught up, staying at a distance from Steve.
Peter wanted to cry again, but he’d ran out of tears weeks ago, “Thanks Karen. Need to be reminded of that every once and a while. Peter James Rogers was printed on his birth certificate, for all those concerned he was a Stark, publicly, legally and to everyone’s general knowledge. But his dad had taken his Pops name, few knew that, Peter didn’t even know that until he’d been told he was ten. His Dad wanted him away from the Stark name, only if he wanted it, could he take it. Publicly they were the Stark-Rogers. Really, they were just the Rogers family. Steve, Tony and Peter Rogers. He missed it.
“Uh, just wait… I uh want to show you something.” Peter had debated last night if he should tell Tony about his powers, he need to stretch his legs or he’s going to not burn enough energy in a day, his Pop’s suffers from the same problems. His appearance here has also changed the time line he guesses, so what has he got to lose? “I have powers… like a spider with…super strength and speed. I was bitten by a mutated spider so I have theses powers.”
“So what do I owe the pleasure of dealing with you before lunch time?” Tony swung his legs up to rest of the desk, allowing them to land roughly on top of his father’s hand crafted wooden desk. Obadiah jumped ever so slightly. “I wanted to see how the aircraft guidance system is coming along for Stark Jet? I’ve got an … investors meeting in an hour so I just wanted to update them. Tony threw his legs off the desk, rolling the office chair closer, he leaned down on the desk with elbows, bitting a pen between his teeth, he moved the computer’s mouse to open up files. His eyes flickering between the screen and Obadiah relaxed position in the chair. Tony opened up the company schedule for the day, eyes quickly scanning down Obi’s scheduled meeting. ‘
In depths of the forests in the mountains valleys of Montana, you’ll find old Robinson lake, a beautiful rocky shore lake hidden a couple of hours hike from the main trail, the waters surrounded by its shore and fades into giant evergreens that span for miles in every direction. Set quite nicely just a two minute walk from the fresh water lake is Stark HQ, Montana Division as Tony would lovingly call it, Steve called it one of his favourite birthday presents. The cabin had been Tony’s idea of the ultimate drinking weekend when he was 18, one trip up to the cabin with Rhodey and the college mates ended in the agreement that the hike wasn’t worth it in the end.
“Hey, Ste, not the time, I know but, I can’t really breath with your strength right now.” Steve let go, lifting Tony so that he at his side rather than on his lap. He face bright red now from the tears. Tony let out a stuttering laugh, matching with Steve’s almost historically laugh of joy. He’s alive.
Steve stood to attention on top of the truck. Shield at the ready, he watch the Winter Solider stand up, mirroring his position. Opening a pocket he had on his combat trouser and dropping in a small folded sheet. Steve watched as the solider shut the pocket and glare back up at Steve. Natasha began to slow the truck, Steve and the Solider stared at each other as the Soldier’s truck began to pull away.
“Wanna build a fort?!” Tony asked, Peter had a massive grin on his face. “I’ll grab the pillows and kitchen chairs, do we need a turret in our fort, I’ll grab the bedframe as well.”
I'm estimating that I have about one chapter left with a possible epilogue chapter! But thank you for all sticking around for this long!
Throwing on one of Tony’s oversized black jumpers and the jeans from yesterday, Peter shook his hand through his hair to style with the big 90’s wave, better fit in if he’s going to interact with real people today. The door buzzer sounded out in the flat. By the time Peter pulled on his socks and trainers, Tony had opened the door to the moving men who had already started on moving the boxes. Peter realised pretty quickly that mover number 3, was his Uncle Clint. Totally rocking the disguise of a mover, Peter decided to mess with his Uncle some more and dropped some of the heavier boxes directly on to the one he was already holding. Barton grunted and gave Peter the evil eye while he gave a shit eating smirk to his Uncle.
“Sorry, for yelling at you Steve, it’s not you I’m angry at, I shouldn’t have yelled.” Peter watched Tony turn his head to the side of the vent, not able to watch his father pander to Steve. “I know you feel like you have to take care of the kid and be like a brother to him, but you really don’t need to waste your time with him Steve, we’ve got bigger fish to fry here! If you want company on your days off then just come round to the Stark estates, I can get you any girl you want!”
Steve had found out pretty quickly that Peter just wanted held at three in the morning, his tiny son would curl into his shoulder as he bounced gently from his knees around the light blue nursery. Peter would cry until he fell asleep and once he was out, Steve liked to sit in the dark black whicker rocking chair. Just taking a moment for himself in the dead of night.
confession. A therapist, someone to talk through his problems with? That sounded …scary. To tell the truth, about everything he saw during the war, his deep reliance on his only friend, an unrequited love.
“I can see that now!” Peter paced slightly, a couple of steps back and forth, creating a small track . “You said I was ready to take the Shield combat tests!” Natasha rolled her eyes. “Well I think you would pass those basic tests but you got lucky with that assassin the first time kid. Next time I want you to be ready.” She walked over, crunching twigs under her boots, holding out her hand to help Peter up. He took her hand tightly and stood up, she reached over and helped brush the soil off of Peter’s face and shoulders. “You think he’s coming back?” Natasha sighed, “I think he has something out for you, he murdered the Starks, if thats anything to go by. I think he thought you’d be there but he was spotted checking the wreckage, I’m impressed you’ve managed to hide from him for so long.”
Steve’s skin was like leather in some points, the ache in his muscle finally releasing after the constant need to be alert. Switching into cotton pyjamas and a white t-shirt, Steve slowly tip toed into the hallway to head for the kitchen and grab some food. He spotted the blue glow from under Peter’s door assuming he had a gentle light on to read or something. Steve opened the fridge and grabbed some chilli and popped it into the microwave. Steve used his upper arm strength and hands to lean against the counter without his body touching.
Jarvis dropped to his knees, surrounding Tony in his arms. Ana knelt in front of him, trying to stop the tears falling from his face, as hers poured out from her own eyes. Peter watched his Dad’s life just crumbled in front of him. Tony stopped crying, he stood up and turned to Peter. Ana tried to get him to sit down, “LEAVE ME ALONE.” Ana took a step back in shock, she nodded, he needed to process this, so did she, so did Jarvis. Tony pointed towards the door for the pair.
He turned his thoughts back to Peter as the pilot called back to brace for landing. While it had been a month at most for the family, through Thor they quickly realised that his son had been here for months if not a year so far!
“We missed you so much Peter, the whole family is so worried about you, we are working round the clock to get you home, your Dad and I are going to stay in the lab till we fix this…” Before Uncle Bruce could finish his sentence, the crack let off another spark and began to shrink. “Dad!?” Peter steeped far back into the arms of Peggy.
“Come with me.” Peter gently place the schematic on the bed making sure it was ok before running out after Tony who was already waiting by the front door keys in hand. Peter followed Tony out the apartment block and towards the science labs he had pointed out earlier. Peter had repeatedly asked where they were going but Tony always replied, “you’ll see!” After unlocking the door to the science and engineering wing, Tony and Peter climbed 3 flights of stairs until they reached a long grey hallway. Peter was peaking in every window he could to see what was behind all the doors in this wing. Tony stopped and Peter almost ran into the back of him at a door labelled ‘PHD LAB 11: STARK-RHODES.’ Tony reached down his shirt and pulled out a key tied on a long string necklace up and over his head. Tony unlocked the door and switched on the lights, and there was DUM-EE moving around and playing with a ball, throwing it against the wall. DUM-EE stopped what it was doing and turned to Tony and Peter. It let out a squeal of a high pitched noise at the sight of Tony, rolling over towards the two young men. “Alright, alright calm down you big puppy, I brought a friend.” DUM-EE turned towards Peter, moving the arm up to shake Peter’s hand. Peter knew that DUM-EE was going for a handshake, so Peter gave the most enthusiastic one back. Shaking his arm with the robot’s in a very dramatic up and down fashion, “Nice to meet you DUM-EE, I’m Peter!” DUM-EE let go and spun around, letting off another high pitched squeal of joy. DUM-EE rolled over to the tennis ball and grabbed it with his claw bringing it back to Peter quickly and holding it out towards him.
He’d spoken to Ned and Mj briefly on his way out of the school, rightly concerned to see Mr Stark back to the school without their weekly update on the situation. Anxious to get their friend home. He'd spent the afternoon preparing the compound for Peter and
Poor kid, maybe it would be good for Tony to have someone like him around. His train of thought was interrupted by the kid. “Are you staying?” Peter sounded hopeful. Steve hadn’t thought about it fully, he knew he wanted to see Tony, but this was mission recovery only back for 3 days at best and then he would be sent out again.
birthday huh?! If your life depended on it could you write down an hour by hour play of that day?!” Tony took a step back raising his hands up between himself and Peter. “Whoa whoa ok, I get it.” Peter stopped his eyes focusing in on Tony’s. “I’m sorry. I just, I want you! I mean not you but you! My dad you! I want him to tell me what to do, I want my Pops to work out a plan and I’m going to have to do this on my own now and I don’t know how!”
“You want it for yourself. You are going to raid this base and take the formula for yourself.” Steve chest raised and fell rapidly, his breathing getting more aggressive, “The Stark family is in danger specifically because Howard was involved in my experiment! You knew this but you still had us running around America trying to find the Winter Soldier.” Peggy stood up. Taking her glasses off slowly, sitting them gently on their desk, “while you are right Captain, you are also partially wrong. We have already taken the formula. Howard is bringing samples in so they can be hidden in the vault, before he goes into hiding for a week or so.”
“I don’t know, it’s been sparking like this for at least 2 minutes, I threw a wrench at it and it did nothing!” Peter took a step back away from the workbench as the purple sparks became more violent, it had left scorch marks on the work bench.  Peter kept his head down and hid behind the cars and workbenches that lead him towards his parents. Steve had the shield braced between himself and the gauntlet, while Tony stood behind with his arm pointing towards the gauntlet. Peter looked between his parents and the gauntlet, a couple of steps and he’d be with them. Steve was retreating with Tony behind him firing his repulsors at the gauntlet.
even! Peter looked up to his Pops. Pop’s stood tall, watch the scene unfold, glancing down to his son he leaned down ever so slightly, whispering in Peter’s ear, “I just want to be clear, I have literally only ever loved your dad and I hope that at some point in your life, someone looks at you, the same way I look like a complete and utter idiot with your Dad.” Peter giggled, a
“Sounds good to me! I’m beyond hungry.” He agreed to Tony’s idea of grabbing some food and sitting in the court yard outside the flat, the autumn morning created a cool chill in the air but the sun created just enough heat for a comfortable experience outside. Sitting on the beach facing the art piece in the center, Tony just had to ask more questions about his future but he knew if he wanted real answers he’d have to ask in a way that seemed innocent but gave away the most information. “Is Stark Industries still a thing, like I don’t become like a ghost father, you know like Howard, never there?” Tony took a large bite of his sub sandwich after he asked. Peter finished his piece, thinking over his answer first before answering.
“Mr Stark, your eleven o’clock appointment is waiting in the office for you.” Tony, nodded at the receptionist as he walked past the sleek wooden desk at Stark Industries. Ignoring the call to attend Shield HQ. He’d decided in the last couple of hours, he can’t fall into the trap of ‘helping’ Shield anytime they wanted, he had a million dollar company to run, he didn’t have time for the ‘greater good’ of the planet. He had weapons to design, so that they could protect the ‘greater good’.
“I was a student for the art school after I woke up in 1990, Shield’s ‘great’ idea of immersing me in the ‘culture of today’, ended up staying for a year or so then dropped out to work with shield full time. Met your Dad during that time, but when I dropped out, I wasn’t in Tony’s good books for a year or so.” Rubbing the back of his neck Steve turned to look at Tony who was looking right at the old photo of Steve with a gentle smile. By the time Steve turned back to Peter, he had already removed half the contents of the box; various baseball ticket stubs, polaroids of various parties with Dad, a couple of leaflets for art galleries around the city, a random wrapper from some hotdog stand by the looks of it, a magazine cut out of the ten up and coming people of this generation with his Dad’s photo on it, a worn moth eaten tie and a chip off a ceramic mug or plate of some sort. Peter eventually settled on looking at couple of polaroids in his hands. Steve looked over his son’s shoulder to see what had caught his eye. The first photo of him and Tony on a couch, chatting to each other, at a random person’s party. Steve distinctly remembers the pungent smell of the ruined ,weed infused couch that he and Tony had sat on for most of that night. Steve also recollected the girl in the background of the photo Melissa or someone, who had spent that entire night getting drunk and leaning over the arm chair of the couch to listen to Tony’s voice. Steve hated those parties, too many people who he didn’t know, too many variables for a safe night but Tony never hesitated to say yes to an appearance, he always said Steve needed to get out more. The second polaroid was Steve’s favourite photo, it had lived on the fridge of their apartment for 4 years before they moved back to New York. Tony was sat across Steve’s lap on the floor in front of the yellow ratty old couch in that apartment, Tony had one arm thrown around Steve’s shoulder while both of Steve’s were holding Tony’s waist, both of their faces red with laughter.
“I’d love to meet Jarvis! That would actually be awesome!” Tony smiled and took Peter by surprised by giving him a tight hug, “They’re going to love you Peter, I actually can’t wait,” The pair stepped apart, “We’re invited down when college breaks for Christmas, dinner when we arrive and then a cocktail hour… But lunch with the Jarvis family the next day, so bonus!” Tony was on cloud 9, he would get to show Jarvis that he raised him well, he didn’t screw his life up!
When dessert of fruit, ice cream, cake and cheeseboards were brought out, Peter went to town on the crackers, he eventually was stuffed, leaning back into his chair. Maria let out a soft laugh at the sight of Peter, she stood up from the table, “I’ll be taking my leave for the night. I’ll be up early morning for a walk around the grounds if anyone is interested in joining me.” Everyone politely nodded back, wishing her a farewell and goodnight. Howard quickly stood up to leave, “I need to go make sure everything is safe and packed for tomorrow…” He quickly made his way out of the dining room turning in the wrong direction to the main hall, towards his office.
Tony laughed again, then he took a more serious tone, “Peter, I like to think of myself as a futurist, I try and create the ‘new tomorrow’ by building bigger and better things, I like to predict where technology is going to go, but also my own life.” Tony reshuffled himself on the couch, looking towards his feet nervously, “I now know what is going to happen in my life, if this was the way it was supposed to go, you’ve shown me technology I thought wasn’t possible in my lifetime and to say I AM.” Tony points to himself.
“So, I, We, you and I, Uh, Married? HuH? that’s something, unexpected, cause, you know you’re you and I’m me and Peter!, he’s a great kid! He’s really smart and really kind…” Tony just smiled as Steve stuttered out his question/statement. He lead his hand around to silence Steve with a single finger on his lips. “Oh Ste, you’ve not stuttered in front of me for decades. I’ve kind of missed this. It’s very fulfilling for my ego.” Steve ran his hand through his hair, quickly and roughly after a long windswept journey in the back of the truck, there wasn’t much he could do to fix it for Tony. “and yes, to answer your question, we are Captain and Doctor Rogers, its working out quite well so far!” Tony turned to give
but with a twist, the colours were darker, less red more intimidating than his bright suit, slacker suit because gosh, that suit was tight, the fabric was something out of this world, it looked futuristic and fit the man perfectly. He couldn’t avoid it but he had a beard, It was dark as well, his general hair colour had darkened, no longer pure blonde, streaks of brunette ran through it at the roots, as well as a couple of stray grey hairs in his sideburns. His overall stance was far more relaxed than he’d ever been In his life and his son. Wow, he’d thought about it on his way here, but seeing them stand side by side, father and son, there was no question, this was a family. The Starks. Wow. He had no words as he approached, his fingers restlessly rolling with nerves.
“Peter is leaving tomorrow?” Tony let out quietly. “Yes, his father would like you to be there to say goodbye and sorry to Peter.” Tony looked up form his desk his eyes comically wide. “Sorry?! For what? That kid, my kid didn’t even warn me I was going to lose my parents! He stood by as I said goodbye to my parents and then what! I broke down and he left me alone!” Tony stopped himself, unclenching his fist on the desk, his eyes glazing over. “I’m beyond sorry that I’m that poor kid’s dad but I can’t fix that.” Tony was quiet. He stood up and quickly looked out the floor to ceiling windows over the fountain in the middle of the complex. He coughed to hide his dry throat.
“Actually sure, send him right up.” Tony walked back towards the desk, throwing himself into his chair. “While you’re at it, tell him that It would have been nice to hear from him when his best friend and his roommate’s father died, maybe a card, appearance at the funeral or maybe just a Fucking Phone Call. Huh? If he can answer that, then send him right over.”
Natasha watched from the archway of the house, sans door now, Steve Rogers dad edition holding the young nephew she’d growing to … well she liked him and cared deeply for him, finally back in the arms of his father, she could see what Peter had meant about the differences between then and now, Steve was kitted out on a much more subtle suit, it still had the red, white and blue, but slightly more practical, it looks more futuristic. Steve almost seemed even more muscly that he did now, the suit stretched over his broad shoulders, maybe it was the air of confidence surrounding him, the march towards the cabin had been quite intimidating, firmer steps in a more natural rhythm, twenty five plus years and Steve had only aged slightly, the beard was a dead give away, slightly longer, pushed back hair, more styled than his standard military cut she’d been used to.
“Don’t.” Steve said harshly. A black shield SUV skidded and stopped short of the group, Director Carter stepped out the back and promptly made her way towards the group. Her security close behind her. “Situation Report now Captain.” Peggy was not happy. Her godson was almost shot, and she wanted answers. “Director Carter…” Steve took the patch out of Peter’s hand and showed it to Peggy. Peggy’s hand trembled as she took the patch.
“Hey Peter, you want anything for breakfast? Steve’s heading out on a run so he can get anything if you are hungry?” Peter heard Tony’s voice muffled through the door, Peter opened it up to find Tony standing by the door, hair mused and still in way over sized pjs, he could assume they were Steve’s. Steve however, was leaning against the wall across from the door, decked out in his running gear, stretching his arms over his shoulder to warm up, he was wide awake for the day compared to Tony. “Uh can I come on the run?” Steve stopped stretching, thinking long and hard about whether it was safe for Peter come along and if he could even keep up with him, Peter was quite surprising though, so he’d probably be able to.
“You want Anthony don’t you.” Steve stopped let out a breath that might as well have been pure steam of rage. “What is it?” Howard asked rhetorically, “Does he remind you of a younger me is that it? Grow up Ste, you may be 25 but you are just as old as me!  He’s an idiot spoilt rotten kid and you are a decorated war veteran, a hero of our time. He’s not worth your time Ste, waste your time with some chick from a bar, not my idiot kid who idolises you.”
Tony walked over to the phone attached to the wall in the far corner of the room, stepping over the same pyramid of paint tins they had bought to redecorate the living room. “What kind pizza do you like?” Tony had already picked up the phone and had begun roto-dialing the number. “Same as you.” Peter stated in a ‘matter of fact’ tone. “NY Bronx pizza what’s your order?” The women on the other side of the phone, sounded bored, when Tony replied, staring directly at Peter, “Two regular Pepperoni pizza, extra red sauce.” Peter grinned.
“You are still a Roger, Peter. No matter who these people become, they are similar but not your parents. They have to make mistakes to stand taller than them, do not hold them to the same standards that you hold for your Dads. They haven’t experienced the love and pride of having you in their life.”
Sam smiled from the corner of his mouth, “You’re damn right about trouble maker, bet he gets it from his parents.” Tony beamed proudly, buttoning his jacket and adjusting his watch, holding his arm out as the nano suit attached itself to his wrist. “Alright, alright I get it, this was slightly more predicable from me than usual, now! Send me back! I’ve got a son to save and a young Captain to flirt with!” Sam’s face twisted into fain disgust as he moved to stand clear of the platform by Clint and Thor’s side.
Peggy winced at the slam of the phone from Tony, it was hard to send Steve over to help Tony. Steve had been…kept in the dark, the board of directors thought it would be wise to ‘keep him focused.’ Peggy had refuted the decision, but she had been out voted, they didn’t know Steve, all they saw were results. And even she couldn’t deny that it had produced… effective results. Steve and his small team had wiped out the entire east coast of Hydra operatives, ones they had been hunting for years, gone in a matter of days.
Like right now, Peter wanted breakfast as today was his first day back at school after 3 days off and all he wanted was damn peanut butter spread and toast. Instead, he wandering blearily and unsuspectingly into the glossy white marble kitchen, dropping his backpack on the island counter with a purposeful thud to inform his parents once again that they in fact do share this kitchen with other human beings. Tony was sat perched on the edge of the island, legs apart, so that Steve could stand between them, holding Tony’s face gently in his hand, kissing his husband with a lazy passion that only years together could grant them.
Steve expected Peter to pull some superhero poses with it, like in the old war comics, instead he just inspected it, like he knew each scratch of the paint and where to tuck and wrap the loose thread from arm grips. It was suspicious but also fascinating to watch. Peter knocked himself out of his trance, looking up at Steve and handing back the shield. “Thank you for that.” Steve nodded, “No bother kid, it’s late you should head to bed, but can you give me a hand with some bed sheets. I’m exhausted.”
Steve remember a time when they would share a drink, not like it would work for him, but a drink while Howard would repair the bike in some way, usually a broken brake or handlebar. They would chat away, not about much, but Steve remembers, days before the final assault, Howard explained that he wanted out the war, he wanted to leave the front line. He wanted a family, he was interest in a dame working at his labs. Smart women he’d said. Steve wondered if he’d actually been talking about Maria.
“Someone… tried to shoot me today.” Steve’s fingers tightened their grip. “But you stepped in the way Steve… Why?” Tony didn’t even move, Steve stared at the same point, the small patch of damp from the flat above.
Peter just sat down on the floor, his back hitting the floor hard, he could feel the jolt up his spine. What was he going to do, his world is literally collapsing in front of him, he might not go back to his family as he knows them. Luckily for Peter, this Tony Stark was more a glass half full kind of guy. “It isn’t impossible kid, I’m not your Dad but I’m still Tony Stark son of Howard Stark, I’m smart. I can help, I want you to go home to me as well kid, well l future me.” Tony slowly moved closer to Peter, taking his hand in his.
Howard slapped his hand down on Steve’s shoulder, Peggy looked enraged. She wanted to slap Howard for insulting her, her godson and her oldest friend. Tony’s eyes closed, taking slow breathes. He shouldn’t be here, he thought, he needed to get away from here. Peter quietly wrapped his arm around Tony, using his thumb to pat his back to let him know he was here for him.
It wasn’t the other scientist, he didn’t end up married to one of his classmates, it was just one of Peter’s many Uncles…phew. “Then where was your other Dad, he said they weren’t resting until you came home? Not to sound lazy but I seem to be doing most of the work! As per Usual!” Tony jumped up to pull a fake exasperated expression. Peter laughed again, the happiest he’d been since this morning. “Pops feeds the team along with Uncle Sam, they were probably running strategy to the problem while probably making pizza for the family, Sam makes pizza when he’s stressed!” Tony was strangely comforted by Peter tone that he should, in some way, actually know this information about his future family members and their stress coping mechanisms.
Tony and Peter spend some time getting to know each other better. Peter is also trying to figure out what happened between his parents.
Peter made his way over to sit on the other couch, he just wanted to listen, these were going to be his last moments with his grandparents… he looked to his left on the couch, finding the Monopoly dog, he looked up to Maria as his hand snuck across the couch to grab it. When she closed her eyes briefly in a passionate moment of the piece of music, Peter threw it at Tony’s foot, the one that was exposed from the bottom of the blanket.
By the time the pair arrived at the outer grounds of the Stark Mansion it was 1pm perfect time to have lunch with the Jarvis family before the Stark family sit down for dinner. Tony looked stressed while they drove through the beautifully kept Stark gardens. Heading towards the mansion front door up the large gravel driveway. Noticeably empty of Howard’s car or cars, Tony was glad that he could introduce Peter to Jarvis in peace.
Maria looked past Tony towards Peter, she looked at him, letting out a breath of a little gasp before smiling at him, she nodded her head and made her way out to the car. Tony and Howard reacted at the same time, side eyeing each other before pulling each other into a tense hug. “Love you Dad, see you Monday.” It was quick and painful to say but Tony felt better for it. Howard nodded at Tony politely, “You too son. I mean, yes, I love you too.” Howard turned around to walk out the door, nodding one more time to Tony and Peter. The pair looked between each other, Peter let out a quiet whistle, and walked with Tony to stand outside to wave them off.
Peter turned around and downed his painkillers and quickly checked up on his Dad, peaking his head through the door Peter watched his Dad arms wrapped around Steve’s hoodie, using it as a pillow, his hair pointing in every direction, he looked relaxed. Peter then went to his room and put on some of the PJs that Tony gave him yesterday. By the time he had walked back out in the kitchen Steve had dropped his Shield duffle bag and an obvious round carry case for the shield itself. Steve once again did a double take for how similar Peter looked to Tony. The floppy hair, the oversized clothing, Steve just couldn’t help but stare at the similarities. Peter could tell Steve wasn’t quite at the level of suspicion, but he could tell something was definitely up.
Steve flinched from the prodding in his back, turning swiftly to place his hand on his hip, the other currently wrapped across his chest for another day or at least that’s Uncle B’s best guess. The healing factor of a super solider really messes with the whole, 3 to 6 months of recommended recovery. Tony let out a single relaxed laugh, hoping off the counter to stand next to Steve on his uninjured side, leaning against his husband good arm. “fair, fair what do you want this morning kiddo?” he crossed his arms, “Cereal, peanut butter toasties or your Pop’s favourite war time breakfast biscuits, so hard and stale he could knock out hydra faster than his shield.”
Peter woke startled. He inspected his room for danger, “FRIDAY what is going on!?” Peter jumped up and pulled on one of his hoodies over his PJs and a pair of his black trainers. “The gauntlet seems to be building up energy and is readying itself to discharge. Your fathers are now awake and are going to make their way towards the lab.” Peter grabbed his web-shooters off his desk and the mask, “Hey Karen, I need you to scan the gauntlet when we reach the lab, my senses are going crazy!”
Once Tony removed himself from the boiler, he found Peter setting out a chili and rice dinner. Exhausted Peter and Tony fell on to the old couch and stretched out. Peter became lost in thought about his family. He missed them so much, he wanted his Pop’s hugs, training sessions at stupid times in the morning and father/son painting time that he saved just for Peter, they were moving on to water colours next week or 25 years and a week… and his Dad, he missed the lab, he missed Friday and his family. He was supposed to go camping with Uncles Sam and Clint that weekend. He missed his friends from school and his homework. Well he missed that the least.
but he knew he was failing. He finally looked over to Steve, or himself. He felt strange, out of place as he watch himself, his future self, he took in his appearance.
Steve let out a laugh, “He’s fine, I’ll speak to him tomorrow, after we’ve had our meeting, come on you two, time to sleep.” Steve reached over to the sleeping bags chucking them towards each person. Steve grabbed his, unpacking it and laying it out, slipping in the top, wrapping the hood over his hair line, he turned on his side, facing towards the table, he started at it for a minute or two. “Oh well, I’ll try again tomorrow, night Wing-head.”
Tony waved his hand off as he barely acknowledged Clint’s request. He lifted the gauntlet to inspect the shiny emerald metal that surrounded a molten black wiring throughout the gauntlet which produced its own light. “Petey want to come help me inspect this down in the workshop? I think I’m going to need your brain on this one.” Steve turned immediately turned towards the kitchen, “I’ll get the lunches!” Thor laughed and bid them farewell with promises of asking Heimdall for any information on the gauntlet.
Tony rolled his wrist around before jumping in, “Uh, does Shield know you are here, and can you take Peter home?” The model turned and smiled widely at Tony, “Ah Young man of Iron! I’m glad you are keeping Peter safe, I unfortunately cannot bring Peter home, I’m here purely as an apparition of myself.” Peter stepped forward a disappointed look clear on his face. He waved his arm through his Uncle’s waist, Thor giggled, “Ok that tickled a little. I am here to pass on a message that your fathers will be with you soon, they do not know why they do not remember you in this time, but they say to tread carefully because of this information!” Thor looked off in the distance while facing a brick wall, “Yes, I will pass on the message,” Thor turned away from the wall to face Peter.
Steve made his way inside the main entrance, his hoodie and combat trousers adding to his disguise. “Young man, be aware the museum is closing in twenty minutes.” Steve politely nodded in response. Quickly making his way through the back heading under the banner of the Captain American display. Entering the hall Steve slowed down to a crawling walk. The large hanging banner, lit with gentle spot lights, displayed one of the rare group photo of the Howling Commandos. Steve stood to the left side of the photo, arms wrapped around Hogan and Bucky. Steve bowed his head as he passed under the banner. Making his way through the introduction of each member, he stop abruptly when he spotted his display, his mother’s cookbook front and centre. Kids and parents surrounded the display, commenting on his childhood toys, books and sketches. It sent a chill down his spine.
Well maybe not, he didn’t quite get everything right, he liked shorter hair and a little more… brain cells in the big guys skull, his arm was definitely bigger than his brain, that’s for sure. God what were those conversations like? ‘Hey dear, just finished building the next biggest weapon for the army, how was your day’ Tony imaged the big guy would say something along the lines of. ‘Ah yes, very good, I just finished modelling for June and July on every calendar in the world.’
Itleft a bitter-sweet taste in his mouth,he was good with kids, he knew that much about himself but how did Natasha have access to that photo? Steve looked over to Clint for guidance, “Steve, I’m sure you’ve noticed by now that the glove fits perfectly.” Clint’s eyes buggered out of his head, slightly lost for words as he read ahead. He looked up to Steve, mouth moving like a fish on dry land. No noise coming out. “I send you a matching pair I had one made to look like the other. The other however was borrowed from Shield’s scientific labs from the day Peter arrived.” Steve’s head whipped up to Clint, “Clint, get him to read the back of the photo.”
“Why break in, I thought you and the butler were good pals?” Clint focused on driving towards the city, keeping his head down to avoid any suspicion. “Jarvis, probably wouldn’t want to see the fella that failed to save the closest thing he had to a son. Even then Jarvis is an old man, if we get in and out quietly then its less stressful for all of us.” Clint nodded, agreeing with the logic. Steve leaned his head against the cool glass window. Wrapped in the flannel blanket, he let himself sleep for just a little while.
“I don’t know what I’m allowed to tell you, to be honest, I’m terrified I’ve already fucked up my own timeline by just being here at this point… but no he’s not. He’s pretty cool.” Peter walked around to where Tony was preparing the Pasta dish. Automatically Peter began to help prepare the dinner. Tony just watch in awe that his son was able to prepare the dish as well as he could. Maybe, Jarvis was still about and that’s why the kid isn’t as fucked up as he is. Millionaire’s playboy son, has a son that isn’t as ruined as he is. Peter is pretty normal in Tony’s eyes, he hasn’t rolled his eyes at the quality of the flat or old couch, maybe he blows the family fortune, maybe the Stark name doesn’t mean anything anymore. Maybe Peter just grew up as a normal person, limited money, simple house, god what if they were still in this flat, though, Peter didn’t seem to know this place though. That was a weight off of Tony’s mind. Then it hit him.
Natasha sat peacefully in the rocking chair by front porch, staring out over the expansive lake’s crystal blue water. Steve trudged out the door carrying Peter’s hiking rucksack by the shoulder strap in his hand and Natasha newly acquired backpack over his shoulder, along with spare clothes he ‘borrowed’ from Tony’s collection, which now resided in one of Tony’s designer duffle bags. Tony wouldn’t notice if some went missing, at least Steve justified taking them back with him for that reason. Steve stopped at the bottom of the three steps, next to Natasha, “Do I ever carry the bags?” She asked, a hint of amusement in her voice, not turning her head away from the view. Steve sighed, shuffling the bags around his body, resigned to the work. “No, you never will.”
Gosh, his life sucked. He’d never finished art school and he was always on the poverty line since his father’s death. He joined the army and lost his life, so to speak and now he was in the back of a
Tony rolled over on his shoulder, closing his eyes he stared up at the blank ceiling. He’d received word from an agent through the door. Steve, Natasha, Clint and Peter. Oh, and Peter’s
Once again his mind wander through the hills with him. He thought back on his time with Tony. The day they met was
stories, the photos, the man smiling in one of the photo’s in his Pop’s old camera, the best friend and Sargent to Captain America, James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky.
“Hey, thanks Steve, I needed that…” Peter’s stood firm now, more confident as he made his way up the first two steps. “By the way, Steve Roger can be jealous?” Peter chuckled. Steve shook his head while laughing, “Thanks for saying Steve and not Captain America kiddo.”
“So… an alien gauntlet was recovered and we decided to analysis it, after we gave up like 11 hours later it began sparking from its molten core, an elemental structure made with 2 unknown elements and Vibranium. It sparked me here,” Peter pointed to above his eye, “and here I was..” Tony appeared back out from his room now sporting his round frame glasses and a green jumper was entirely too large for him. “Ok, first off, Vibranium! You have access to Vibranium? Awesome! Second, explains the missing slice off your eyebrow.” Peter furrowed his brow and turned to face the reflection in the oven glass. That’s when noticed the chunk out of his left eyebrow. Well that sucked. “I’m guessing by that reaction that was caused by the spark and that you didn’t know, might help us get you home though, so that’s good.” Peter nodded and moved to start cleaning the kitchen table from Tony’s paperwork. Stacking it up on one of the chairs and placing the overflow onto the next one, he set about finding cutlery and placemats for the table. Tony stood and watched as Peter politely set out the table for dinner, clearly Peter had been raised to eat properly in the future, whereas this was Tony’s first sit down dinner since Steve left the flat. He was excited to get back on track, with a new challenge, get his future son home.
Tony let the guard’s hand go as he made his way into the building, security pass now in hand. Peggy, finally walked up to catch up with Tony, “Anthony, Captain Rogers and his team will return tomorrow evening, until then feel free to stay and help with any projects with clearance level four and below.” Tony snorted, giving a general fake salute to his Aunt. “Yeah, Yeah, nothing exciting, Level four is a bit insulting compared to Steve’s level nine.”
“BullSHIT !? He’s got a massive bald spot! Jeez 28 I thought he was like 40!?” Tony let out a bellowing laugh, gripping the sides of his hips,  “I know right, Howard’s favourite junior business partner, looks out for me and keeps Howard away from this place,” He gestured around the flat “My place to hid from Stark Industries. Thanks to Steve mostly, but Stane as well. So …breakfast?” Peter nodded enthusiastically! He wrapped his arms around the ends of his blanket and walked towards the kitchen.
“Obi, its going fine. I’ll send them over later tomorrow.” Tony clutched the phone tightly to the side of head when Stane tutted. “Come on Tony I know you can do better; the board and I are heading to the white house to discuss the Navy’s weapons contract in the morning. We could really use the new design to seal the deal!” Tony’s face screwed into agony. “Obi look I … Can’t ….” He rubbed the palm of his hand up and down his face, trying to wake himself up. It reminded that he’d probably need to shave soon. He sighed. “I’ll see them over by tonight but I’m off the phone for the week, I need to finish my thesis. No questions from you or the company. Understand?”
The goggles lit up with a faint white light, “Captain Rogers, It is great to see you again. Systems diagnostics, Battery life at fourteen percent. Suit armour capacity, nil.” Peter rubbed the back of his neck, feeling kind of guilty for the state of the suit. “No connection to Stark servers, update overdue by seven months. Wrist-shooter, left hand, accuracy failing, maintenance required.”Steve ran his hand down the side of the suit laying on the bed. “You two have been through a lot. I never thought that…this wasn’t one of the easier times in my life, I never wanted you to experience anything like this, I’m sorry that I couldn’t protect you both from that.” Peter shook his head vigorously. “Karen and I we were a team and I couldn’t have done it without you, you’ve literally saved my life!” He shuffled his foot around, suddenly interested in the ground, “Don’t get me wrong, i’ve been,” he paused, taking in a calm moment, “very lonely and I wish that, at times, you or dad would magically appear to help me.”
Frozen in their position for a minute before they heard Peter from down the hall, “Sorry, didn’t realise I was interrupting something.” With a sly smile on his face and a knowing smirk that was there for just a second. They quickly tried to get up into a standing position, smoothing down their clothes but not really making distance between each other. Steve coughed awkwardly, “Uh, ready to go Kid?” Peter smiled innocently, “ready when you are!” Peter made his way towards the front door, laughing to himself on what he had just seen. His parents always acting like that, they would dance and one of them would drop or dip the other and they would just stay like that for a minute, just taking in each other’s appearance.
Finally his Pop’s room. The room hadn’t changed much, far less books and photos, than what his Pops had filled it with. Peter’s eyes caught sight of movement outside the window. He immediately jumped to the ceiling. Crawling quickly to the front door he webbed his bag up and off the ground onto the ceiling. Peter moved so he was balancing up on top of one of the rafts in the ceiling. Peter crouched and balanced with one hand on the ground between his legs. The door swung open and slammed shut. It was Aunty Natasha. She limped through the house and stood looking between the kitchen and the hallway.
“Of course Peter.” Peter smiled in the air towards the holograph, he turned, looking at Tony who was just amazed at the holograph that was searching a map, marking apartments nearby.
“I’m going to distract Howard, I’d suggest using your gifts… to even just hide. I can give you a minute or two at most.” Peggy whispered, making her way to the door. Peter didn’t want to find out what the infamous Howard Stark was really like. He quickly walked to Tony, wrapping his arm around his waist, “Hold on!” Tony wrapped his arm around Peter as he jumped to the ceiling and lifted Tony into the air vent, and crawled in after him, with not a second to spare the double doors flew open, Tony and Peter watching through the air vent.
Tony rolled his eyes in a groan and fake anger. “They’re making a mess kiddo! They moved my desk a whole 3 inches out of place! But… they’re working hard to get you home, your Uncle Bruce is breaking down the compound from that evil, evil weapon. Your Aunt Tasha has put the word out in case you’ve surface out in a remote jungle somewhere. Uncle Barton and Thor are attempted other methods of communication, but we just needed to…” Tony looked over his shoulder to Steve, Peter guessed looking for guidance on his words. A first for Tony. “We just wanted to give you and ourselves… hope that you are coming home to us. We did all your laundry in your room, brought your blankets down here to the lab in case you come back during the night…”
“Your fathers are working round the clock, Father of Iron has not left his lab yet, the Captain has brought down a place to sleep and fresh clothes. The team were helping set up this camp in the lab when you appeared in the crack between the time realm! I’m glad you are well Nephew. The family has not taken your departure well.” Thor’s voice dropped, shame that he hadn’t been able to help more in bring his nephew home.
Tony and Peter walked down the metal back stair case towards the lower level lab, considered to be Tony’s personal lab, Where Peter had a reasonable workbench and corner of the large space near the car collection and Steve had the old yellow couch to rest on. Peter jogged ahead to key in the passcode on the door, as Tony continued to eye the gauntlet in his hands. The reinforced glass door opened with a slight swoosh. Tony placed the gauntlet on his work bench after sliding some of his blueprints to the side.
Jarvis stepped forward, hesitantly, awkwardly shuffling till he settles with his arms open for a hug, expecting Peter to not accept the offer. Peter quick dived into Jarvis’ open arms, squeezing him tightly before quickly straightening up. “Thanks, uh. Let’s head down stairs?” He quickly made his way past Jarvis and down the marble white hallway, turning once he got the main staircase. Jarvis turned to follow, a little shocked.
Steve stepped carefully around the end of the bed, raising his arms slowly, he reached out for his son’s hands. Tears fell gently from his eyes as Peter stared at his hands, no movement towards them. He stopped, taking a breath, he judged the situation, his son stood alone, as he has been doing for the last seven? eight months? Gosh, he thought, that’s a long time to be alone, with no end in sight, for a while he had lived well enough, he had a bed, roof over his head, safety but now, this… young man next to him had survived.
date with this person had gone well then, he’s not used to his Dad second guessing himself, it was strange.
Peter was too tired to remember that it wasn’t his actual parents who were taking care of him.  Tony stilled at the mention of him as a Dad, he couldn’t answer it seriously without Steve wondering what was going on! But before Tony could even sneak out the room to avoid the question, Steve knelt down beside the bed where he had been smoothing out Peter’s hair, “Shhhs, just sleep kiddo, we will sort everything in the morning.” Steve stood up and gently guided Tony and himself out the door. Peter shuffled in the navy and red tartan sheets, turning over to his other shoulder, he managed to let out, “Sure thing Pops...” Steve shrugged his shoulders, finally free of the combat suit, he quietly closed the bedroom door.
Steve’s hand reached under the edge of the carrying pocket, he pulled the photo out gently. He flipped it over. Read it to himself and then dropped down onto his knees, his entire body shaking violently.  He couldn’t believe it. This was
Tony shook his head, “I’m done with my room, it’s just the deconstruction of the fort and packing up the kitchen table!  It’s 10am just now, I’ve been up since 4am. I think?” Peter shook his head at Tony, his dad still had the same sleeping issues even now, Peter began to fold up the blankets and pillows, stacking them up on top of some of the other boxes. Peter walked along to Steve’s room to get dressed for the morning, he jumped in the shower quickly and dressed in some warmer clothes today as he could see the wind picking up outside.
“So, is Steve Rogers still a dick in your time?” Tony looked up at this point, Peter tried to read the meaning behind his dad’s question, were they still friends. Could he actually tell Tony that he and Steve end up married after that shouting match?! Would the actually still get married now he was here? He’d now been involved in that moment, before Peter arrived Tony might never have picked up the phone, he might have been at class with Rhodey if Tony hadn’t needed to go out to feed Peter. He might have fucked up his own existence in a single phone call.
Peter was startled when Steve placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed, whispering so faintly he knew the others could not here, “I don’t know who you are kid, but I know what being look at like a Guinea Pig in a laboratory is not a good feeling.” Peter lifted his head high and turned it to face Steve, who gave him a saddened smile. He knew it well, It was the ‘not everything is good in the world kid’ smile. Fury led the trio down the clinical hallway to a door labelled Observation lounge, a haphazardly written sign tapped over it. ‘Observation of anomaly, level 8 clearance.’ Coulson opened the door for Fury and the trio to walk in.
He stepped back quickly as the future shield flew rapidly back to his future self’s arm, his eyes widened in amazement,
Steve smiled, stretching out his leg to gently poke Natasha with his sock covered foot. “I’ll handle it.” Peter let out a grumble as his fingers slowly stretched out across Steve’s chest. “Hey Petey,” Steve spoke softly as he caressed Peter’s hair.
The surfaces were covered in a thin layer of dust. Tony’s hoodie thrown over the back of the living room couch. Clint immediately made his way towards the fridge, opening the door he frowned slightly. Steve quickly made his way over and peered over Clint’s shoulder. A hand written note sitting over a pack of root beers.
Peter woke up first, he lifted his head off of his make shift pillow. His mouth was bone dry having slept his mouth wide open. He surveyed the room around him, Rhodey was passed out on the couch with a monopoly piece sitting on his forehead, Tony was asleep on the floor, piles of monopoly money stacked around him, he pulled himself up on to his knees and stood up. Pizza boxes surrounded the floor as well as random blankets, drinks and snacks. A loud knock of the door woke Tony from his deep sleep. He quickly got up, patting Peter silently on the shoulder, he kicked the bottom of Rhodey’s foot to wake him up.
Steve watched Tony’s entire body jumped from spinning in Peggy’s office chair. Steve stood in the centre of the office, not quite believing the sight in front of him as he watched Tony finally getting over the shock and recognising who he was.
“Hi Aunt Peggy!” Tony beamed. There stood Director Carter of Shield, stood prim and proper at the door of her godson’s student apartment in a tailored skirt and suit. Oh, and the 6 or so Shield body guards who were armed standing around her.
He exaggerated his look down to his watch, “10:30, Your Father had you up and at it by 7am each morning, you need to get him up and working!” Tony stood with his arms crossed, silent and frowning at Stane. “I kid, I kid Anthony, and thank you for your designs on the new missile system. Our army is now the most effective in the world!” Peter frowned at Stane, he knew his father was in the weapons business when he was really young, but the image of clean energy was what he grew up with, so he couldn’t help but screw up his nose at the whole situation.
“I will give you, whatever resources you want.” Steve looked back up to Peg, who was back in Director mode. “Whatever, whoever. Anything, just catch the assassin before he gets Anthony.” She raised her hand up to stop Steve before he interrupted, “Do not worry about Howard, He has himself and Shield behind him. He will be fine. But Anthony needs protection. No matter the cost. Do you understand?” Steve sat up right hands on each of his knees, “Yes Director.” The car pulled to halt outside of warehouse in the middle of the docklands, Steve’s best assumption was in the Upper West Side of the city.
Peter had been through some low moments in the last couple of weeks. He had convinced himself once, in a dream that he had made it home, the crushing disappointment when he woke up in the apartment bed was tough. Peter would go running at night, when he couldn’t sleep. He’d almost been mugged twice, the first time he just defends himself easily and left them alone, the second time Peter had felt … less generous. He didn’t hold back the strength of the punches. He’s pretty sure two of the muggers are still in hospital, if the sound of a cracking nose was anything to go by. He destroyed at least five punching bags at the campus gym and began lifting ridiculous weights, he didn’t care too much if people noticed. He was home sick, he needed guidance and family photos weren’t quite enough to keep him going anymore.
Steve held his arm strong but turned his head back toward Peggy. “We don’t know where he is but he’s in America. Put Pierce down!” Steve tightened his grip on Pierce, “Peggy, I’m going to go out and find my son.” Steve turned around, swinging his arm with him, he threw Pierce into the office doors at the other end of the polished white hallway. “I want to make it very clear. I want him out of Shield. I want you,” Steve marched forward, he stood posed and tall, looking down on Peggy, “To do your damn job and run Shield. When I get back to the compound with him, it will be the last time you bother my son again. Understood?” Steve doesn’t wait for an answer so he marched his way to the stair case. Peggy ran the short distance to catch up.
He’d failed his …only family before he’d even had the chance to experience it. He’d spied on Peter before he’d even said hello to his own son!
It took the movers half an hour to finish the job and take the new address from Peter, they said by the time they work their way over to the other side of campus it would take an hour. Even Tony couldn’t figure out why it would take that long. Tony locked the door and kicked the keys under the door for the landlord to get later. The pair strolled across campus to the new flat, enjoying the autumn breeze for a while, quickly stopping to pick up new food and cleaning stuff for the flat.
“Anthony, it’s Peggy, I’m just calling to check in with you again, I know this has been hard, but I am – “Tony cut his godmother off. “Director Carter, I don’t appreciate the repeated calls, I have a company to run, a degree to finish and designs that need to be delivered tomorrow.” Tony spotted a glare in the distance, by the fountain in the west section of the gardens, he rolled his eyes. “I also don’t appreciate being spied on in my own home. Didn’t you use Captain Rogers for that last year. Has he finally retired from Shield?” Tony grabbed the curtains and pulled them over.
“Night Dad.” Tony froze for a second before giving Peter a soft smile and walking through to his room. Peter groaned at his own actions, he was such a dipshit. He fell back on the bed with his hands covering his face in embarrassment. The dust flew up off the pillows and sheets. Peter groaned again.
His bed laid un-made, the navy pillow hanging slightly off the side, his oversized wardrobe doors stood wide open, trainers spilling out on to the floor. The clothes he’d worn back from visiting Aunt Peggy still laying on the floor at the foot of his bed. His laptop and school note books stacked untouched next to his school backpack. Tony carefully walked over to the far wall, leaning over the desk, he opened the large double windows, making his way around the desk to the small grey couch, he leaned over the edge to open the other windows. He stood back and inspected the floor around him, he started by striping the bed sheets.
