He groaned and rolled his eyes, and he tossed the arrows that he was working on for Barton onto the table. "Goddamn it, we are not on
On a far wall, removed from the presumed 'showpieces' of the event, there were a handful of what looked like personal photos the photographer had taken — well, if she was even the one taking them and this wasn't some overblown stunt by some cynical firm. He moved over to them, gazing upon the black and white matte prints that indicated more domestic or personal scenes.
That seemed to give Tony pause, and he stared at Steve a moment before he said, "As I recall, she tried to get her morning feeding off of you once, too."
"Tony!" Steve called out, but Tony just clomped down the loading ramp, and just as the hatch began to close, he took off into the sky, switching the communicator off and telling JARVIS to tell Steve to go fuck himself when JARVIS intoned that Steve was trying to message him.
"Unfortunately," Barnes continued and stood beside Natasha to lean against the table, re-folding his arms so that his metal arm rested above his flesh arm, "this little faction is a lot bigger than they thought. They're still playing catch-up, trying to stop the other targets from going offline, too."
"Nah, don't worry about it," the guy said and tried to kiss him again, but Tony pulled away once more and said, "It's important."
God, he could have used his mother right about now. At least it would be one person that could kind of understand what he was going through. He could never say for absolute certain how she would react to this whole mess he'd gotten mixed up in, but he was sure she was strong and capable enough to accept the fact that she could become a grandmother through the most unconventional means imaginable.
He let out a light laugh and cradled her a little closer. Fuck, if only his nightmares were as benign as that.
"It's not going to kill him," Steve said, and Tony detected just a hint of anger — and challenge — in his voice.
anything?" Tony said before Natasha could respond. "You get free room and board in fucking Midtown. What more could you
He laughed. "Trust me. I'm not getting all my information from Wikipedia. I already got that lecture from Bruce. But it's a good starting point."
"All right," she said and took a seat on one of those low stools with wheels on it. "Let's see here." She swiped at some screens on her tablet. "I just want to go over your medical history here so we know what we're looking at." She shot a pointed look at Tony. "Your
Steve stared at Tony a moment, and he chastised himself for thinking that Tony was acting kind of moody — like he had in the later months of pregnancy — only because his first thought was to wonder if Tony was pregnant again.
He groaned and said, "Fine," and he rode the elevator in silence until they got up to the lab's level, and Tony left his bag in the elevator and went in. "Quickly, J," he said and yawned. "Kinda falling asleep on my feet here."
Wilson shook his head a little more. "Dude, CIA's been running her ragged, and she finally has some time to hang out in a couple weeks, and—"
Steve reached out and put his hands on his smaller, narrower shoulders. "OK," he said, his voice quiet and soothing. "OK. I didn't mean to imply…" He exhaled a breath and dropped his head a moment before picking it back up to look at Tony. "I'm not going to tell you what to do. You want to come along with us? Suit up."
Steve exhaled a breath that Tony knew was shaping up to be the onset of a lecture, and before Steve could even get a word out, Tony leaned closer to the desk and said, "Yeah,
He frowned and considered what he wanted to say. "Just support me on this, OK? Just back me up and tell me how good a job I'm doing and how proud you are of me. Tell me you're going to stick by me and you're never going to leave me and that I can always count on you. OK?"
Tony scoffed. "Yeah, I think it is," he said and took another painful sip of his coffee, literally finishing with an 'ack' sound and sticking his tongue out in disgust.
He turned back to Steve to gauge how he'd done, and Steve just smirked at him a little then said, "You know, you said words, but I'm not sure any of them made any sense."
"Oh. Yeah," Tony said and looked again to the little blue piece of paper he held between his fingers. "I guess so."
"Yep, you got me," he said and put his hands to the guy's shoulders again and tried to shove him off. "Now, if you would be so kind as to get out of my way—"
"Oh, god," Tony muttered, and even though his focus was concentrated on the tabletop where he was scraping up the cookies to set onto the baking sheets, Steve just knew he rolled his eyes at that.
"We make sure the rule of law and the public are always at our backs. If we have both of those on our side, we should be safe — from whatever segments of the government might want to…use us for their own gain."
," Bucky muttered but said nothing beyond that, and the radio went silent. Steve, however, just raised an eyebrow at Sam. Again.
"Anyway, so I get away from him again and find the others, and I just settle back in at the table when Not-Don Juan shows back up and starts insulting me again. So, to
"Am I really Tony Stark?" he finished for her, knowing without even having to look that there were other interested parties paying particular attention to their conversation.
in person with crystalline blue eyes that seemed to change color depending on the light and long eyelashes and a shoulder-to-waist ratio to die for. He was polite and earnest and had a wickedly dry sense of humor that seemed to go over everyone's heads.
Except Sam, maybe. Much as Buck and Sam needled each other on a near-constant basis, Steve had a feeling they deep down actually liked each other, and an immature and irrational part of himself bristled a little at the idea that it wasn't just the dames that liked Bucky better than him. It was his own friends, too.
"It's just milk. It's just milk. It's just milk," he repeated to himself as he brought the spoon closer to his mouth. "It's
"So, not in distress or anything like that?" Steve asked, and Tony figured he must have been reading something before coming here because why otherwise would he think of something like that?
Barton, however, just turned his attention to Natasha and motioned to the other table, "They get Thor, and we get Captain Tight-ass."
Steve dunked another fry. "They were wax coated," he said and stuffed it in his mouth. "They were good for a little bit," he said through the bite, "but then they'd get soggy, and I had a habit of chewing on mine."
Steve squeezed his eyes tighter, like he was trying to rid himself of an image of some kind. "Tony, please, don't."
Tony met his gaze a moment before he shrugged and said, "To a point. He's not JARVIS, but then, JARVIS doesn't have a physical body like DUM-E has, so…"
"Drive a hard bargain there, Cap." He left the kitchen, and after he did, he called back, "Don't work too hard there, Stark!"
Tony rolled his eyes and tried to ignore the way his stomach clenched in distraught…ness— was that a word? —at the mere mention of Pepper's name. He glanced at his watch. It had only been about six hours, and it still hadn't really hit him what had happened, but he knew it would, and he knew when it did, he would blame no one but himself—
He thought immediately of long, blonde hair and dark eyes; happy chirps and pencil drawings; shield waffles and pizza that was only good for the cheese that came on top of it. He thought about a little body nestled atop of his and a small voice telling him, "
Tony scowled and looked over to where Pepper was still talking with Natasha. He watched a moment then turned back to the small group gathered around him.
"Glad we're on the same page here, J," he said and stopped short when he realized he'd jumped from working on one project to another without a thought. He set the soldering iron down and sat back, drumming his fingers on the tabletop as he tried to figure out how that even could have happened. He glanced down to his hand and watched the way the gold engagement band he wore on his right ring finger bounced and wiggled and turned with each tap of the finger, and he stopped drumming his fingers and picked his hand up. He frowned and pulled the ring off his finger — for as loose as it was, it was actually kind of amazing it hadn't fallen off at any point beforehand — and inspected it a moment. He tried it on his middle finger, then index finger, and finally his thumb to no avail. The ring was too big for his suddenly slender fingers, and he frowned some more and twirled the band between his thumb and forefinger, watching the way the gold caught the light of the lab.
Steve had a stupid little smile on his face at that, and Tony couldn't believe he was really going with 'Roger,' but OK, whatever. He sighed and sat back in his chair and folded his arms, nestling them between his breasts and the small bump of his abdomen.
"It was…kind of easy to tell. The way you two were at the cabin, the argument on the side of the road, it was kind of…"
"With who?" Steve asked, sidling up to the table, a glass of something clear and fizzy in one hand and dark and fizzy in the other. Evidently, he'd finished schmoozing dear, old Helen for the night.
It had been a while since he and Steve had 'played.' It wasn't that either one was hesitant to; it was just that they never seemed to find the time, and it wasn't the sort of thing they liked to rush.
Tony grinned in return, unable to help himself, and he didn't fight it this time when Steve leaned in to kiss him again, this time much less chaste than the last.
"Yeah?" he said above the cries, tears stinging his own eyes as the events of the last two days finally began to catch up with him. "Well, we don't have forty-eight hours. We also don't have an open grocery store or pharmacy for hundreds of miles. I mean,
"I'm giving myself exactly as much credit as I should." He rubbed a hand over his face again. "Look," he said and went back to fiddling with the stylus in his hand, "Pep and I couldn't even make it work, and I can't make it work with Pepper…"
"You know, you're going to miss us when we're gone," Bruce said and disconnected the final vial. He set it aside then grabbed a cotton ball and pressed it over where the needle was inserted into his skin, pulling the needle out and setting it aside before he grabbed the medical tape and tore off a piece with his teeth.
"Fine," he said and took it in his grasp. "You may stay, too." He moved over to Barton, who, without prodding, pulled off some shell necklace thing from his neck and handed it over.
"Future me is a moron, and it's not even future me. It's some sort of alternate universe me that must have been desperate. I'd feel sorry for the idiot, but clearly he knew what he was getting himself into."
But he hummed and said, "If I'm still awake by the time you come to bed, I'll let you see everything."
Steve had to hand it to him. The guy was a hell of an actor. He could almost buy the routine. Almost.
"Whatever," Tony said and pushed over to the couch as he opened the box. He set the top part on the table, the TV show on the screen paused as the other Avengers leaned in to see what Tony was guarding so preciously.
"I did say," Bruce muttered from his workstation. "I said those exact words. You didn't listen to me, but I said them."
. But he clearly stated he wasn't interested in anything but selling me the pictures," he added in an attempt to calm everyone's concern.
Steve grinned a little and shut the door, doing up the locks and hooking the security chain. "I lead a very busy life."
Yeah, maybe, but too late. It was out there. Now, any goon wanted to get rid of him, they knew all they had to do was induce a miscarriage — or maybe a stillbirth at this point. Granted, it would probably just be easier to shoot him in the head or something, but whatever—
"Hold on," he said and got up. "I don't remember you bringing anything in aside from the punchbowl and the stuff that goes in it."
"Yeah, that's fine if your birthday's on a shitty day like Tax Day or Flag Day, but yours is on Independence Day. Plus, you're 'Captain America.' I think it might be…
"Nah, I was just thinking. He's not my problem anymore." And then, with absolute delight in his voice, he crowed out, "He's yours!"
"Not sure he wanted anything to do with it," he replied then followed Natasha's advice and went over to the steps. Natasha called out to him that she'd see him in a bit, and then she was gone, presumably to collect the other wayward Avengers that were looking forward to this event with as much enthusiasm as one would going for a root canal.
"Honey?" he said, his voice a little wobbly, "we're in public. Maybe you should tone down the PDAs, huh?"
And then Natasha's hands were on his face, stroking, and she murmured something in Russian at him then said, "Tony, do you really want me to get him? He could be gone and back before anything even happens."
"Hey, what's that?" Barton asked as they made their way over to the bed, Bruce and the unit on one side while Barton and Romanoff took standing positions on the other.
She dipped the brush in the bottle and began to apply the second coat, and as Tony took another sip of his somewhat watered-down beverage, the door opened, and Barnes and Wilson came strolling through, arguing about something that had happened earlier in the day.
Tony groaned. "Fuck me, you're doing it again. Just stop, OK? Just don't talk. Don't say anything. Don't even look. Just sit there. Look out the window. Yeah, just sit there and look out your window and don't say anything."
He stuffed another bite of bagel into his mouth, and he reached behind him and rubbed a hand over his lower back as he watched Steve brainstorm with Hill and Natasha over whether to make a move and, if so, where to do it.
had taken his mother away from him. Had killed her. That wonderful, fantastic woman whose only mistake in life had been to get mixed up with Howard fucking Stark.
"Don't be ridiculous," Steve muttered and, soon enough, Tony felt the tantalizing sensation of Steve's hand running down the inside of his thigh like he was trying to gain his bearings and see what Tony was up to. He shivered as Steve slid his hand over to his crotch, his hand covering Tony's. He took a gentle hold of Tony's hand and used it to make Tony thrust into himself with his own fingers a few times, and Tony spread his fingers apart to get the stretch he so desperately needed. "I should just do this," he said in a sleep-heavy growl, like he was still waking up but knew exactly what it was he wanted to do. "Make you come like this."
It wasn't easy to clean up without touching himself — well, maybe more without getting himself off — but he soldiered through and made it without coming, and that victory behind him, he stepped out and toweled off and hissed only the slightest bit as he brushed the cotton over the most sensitive and straining of areas. But he didn't want to be soaking wet and sticking himself inside of Tony, so he dried off as well as he could, taking care not to ensure any premature what-have- yous. That would...really put a damper on things.
"Guy's my best pal. Doesn't mean he doesn't do stuff that makes me want to deck 'im sometimes. He'd say the same about me."
Sexual relationships were a different thing entirely. He hadn't had a lot of 'long-term' relationships— Yeah, OK, outside of Pepper and Steve, he hadn't had any. He'd had flings, though, affairs that had lasted more than a few hours, and he'd always found the silence that came between bouts of fucking to be kind of off-putting and uncomfortable. If he wasn't talking or fucking, what good was he to anyone? And so he talked. A lot. About anything and everything, really. Nervous conversation was hell of a lot better than nervous silence.
He hesitated to say he was in love with Tony. He didn't know him all that well. Hell, he didn't even know his last name. But then, he'd never actually
As Bucky explained...something...to Sam, Steve reached down and scooped Olivia out of his arms. He held her against his chest, the baby having reached the age where she could hold up some of her own weight so she wasn't settling into his embrace the way he wanted her to, but he held her tight and brushed his lips against her forehead and rocked her ever so slightly — like how he used to do when she was a fussy newborn he was trying to get settled back to sleep.
Again, Steve tensed up beside him, but he just squeezed his arm and said, "OK, that's…really kind of personal and none of your business. I mean, really, that's mine and Steve's choice and not anyone else's. I mean, as it turns out, we really
"Uh, didn't you say I have a handy-dandy uterus stuffed inside of me?" Tony said. "Pretty sure that's what it's used for."
"I don't know," Steve said with a sigh and a shake of his head. "I don't— I know you're not—" He let out a heavy breath and shrugged. "I'm sorry, Tony. I know I don't…have to worry about you running off with Buck—"
Tony sighed heavily when he saw they weren't in the living room where he'd last left them, and calling out Steve's name got him nothing but silence in return.
"Yeah? What kind of magic is that then? Because I watched you literally turn from a man into a woman right before my eyes."
If Bruce and Doctor Ganford were right and August fourteenth was the grand finale of this crazy thing, then Tony figured he had exactly four weeks left. Four more weeks of aches and nausea and too-tender breasts and weight gain and swollen ankles and indigestion and constant cravings (and constipation — what the fuck? Why was that even a thing?) before it would all come to its much deserved and welcomed end.
"Uh, so," he said and nodded at her purple t-shirt with the cartoon Avengers emblazoned on it. "They mass-market the Avengers?"
Steve just raised an eyebrow at him, tossing the towel aside and then gently massaging the ache out of Tony’s arms. “She’s teething. She’s miserable.” He grimaced a little at his own ache that was now going to have to wait and heaved out a breath. “I think there’s a teething ring in the freezer.”
Tony just smiled and shook his head, and he turned so his mouth was by Steve's ear, and he murmured, "No one's going to believe it."
"I told you," Tony said without looking up, "if I need someone to burn the cookies for me, I'll call you."
But Rhodey, perhaps seeing that Tony was getting worked up, said, "But that doesn't mean I won't kick his ass if he hurts you. Got me? You tell me if he hurts you, and I will roundhouse Captain America, no questions asked."
, but it wasn't something of our choosing, and now we have to live with the consequences, and I hate the idea that we have to make the best of a bad situation, but to a degree, we do, and I am going to do whatever I can to make this the best situation as I possibly can for you. Because you're mine, and I'm sticking by you through thick and thin, for better or worse, forever and ever, understand?"
Tony sat back and practically gawked at him. "Are you asking me if it's OK for you to hold your own child?"
— but his back hit against the wall, and the guy rested his other hand at Tony's other hip and pushed right up against him.
"Yeah," Steve said and poked at the food on his plate. "Kind of always wanted to go there. Never had the money…or a date."
"Good," Rhodey said with a nod. "Hey, man, congrats, though. I didn't get to say it before, but I mean it. I loved Pepper, I still love Pepper, and Pepper was good for you at the time, but Cap's the best thing that's ever happened to you, and I mean that."
"Wanna bet? We could trade places. You wouldn't even last five minutes before you were begging to trade back."
shouldn't drink it. It's made especially for you. It's just a little weird me drinking it, and we're telling
Tony glanced to the phone and looked over the shitty photo with white block text stating something the meme-maker presumably felt to be witty about 'Jabba the Slut,' and Tony slapped his knife down on the table and glared at Barton. Steve, his gaze never leaving the paper in front of him, said, casual, like he was just musing aloud, "You know, Buck's a pretty good shot. He was our sniper."
"The bookmarks did make the shopping a lot easier," Hill said, the corners of her mouth quirking up some.
"OK, I'm gonna level with you," he said, matching Steve's library-level murmur, "main reason I married you was so you'd do stuff like this."
Pepper's eyes went wide, and she glanced down at the little girl still hugging her tightly, her arms dropping as though to touch her gently and protectively and said, "Children? Is this our—"
Steve just stroked his fingertips over Tony's belly, his gaze focused on his motions. "You disappointed we never found out what it was?"
He didn't look Tony in the eye as he said that, and Tony had a feeling he felt a little embarrassed or defeated by the fact that his oldest pal felt more comfortable opening up in front of a, for all intents and purposes, total stranger than he did his little friend from the bad, old days. He supposed he could understand. It would be like if something had happened to Rhodey and Rhodey was more open and available to Steve than he was to Tony when they got him back. He could understand Steve's frustration in that regard.
"Tony, lay back," was the first thing he heard when he was paying attention to his surroundings again, and he did so without a fight, something that felt a lot like wetness staining his face. He pulled his legs up and braced one against Natasha's grasp and the other against an unwilling Barnes's, and he scooted down when Bruce told him so and relaxed his legs when Bruce told him so, and he took a breath and gazed up at the lights embedded in the ceiling as he waited for Bruce to wash up.
Tony, lazing on the couch as he directed Barnes where to pin a gathering of red, white, and blue streamers, shrugged and said, "You know, it's not just
Steve just smiled but then looked down at his glass. Tony looked at his own, and Steve said, "You know, we don't really
"No," he said and exhaled a breath. "No, ah...I forget how she explained it. Something about how so many boys and girls wanted train sets that year that Santa's helpers couldn't keep up but that maybe next year he would bring me one."
Steve, never one to take a hint he didn't approve of, just said, "You know, you really should try to support her better," and reached out his hands in an attempt to readjust Barnes's hold on her to something more in keeping with Captain America's high standards.
Steve glanced to him, side-eyeing him with a smile. "Thanks," he said as they began to make their way back to the flaming building.
"That's just your opinion," he said then motioned to Wilson, and Wilson sat there and tilted his head at Barton, almost like he was interested in what Barton had to say. Barton sat there a moment, staring, blinking, his mouth opening and closing a few times before Wilson said a bit smugly, "You got nothing on me, man. I am too cool for school."
They slid into a booth, opposite to each other, and after the tired-looking waitress took their order for coffees and left a couple menus, Tony scanned over his and said, "Pick anything you want.
Steve chuckled. "Rhodey and Natasha are helping, too. Think they'd all prefer something more practical."
Steve nodded and kissed his forehead then grabbed his phone from the charger and a set of earbuds from the drawer.
And then, she began to drag Darcy away from them, but not before Darcy was able to call out to them, "Think about what I asked! I want an answer before I leave tonight!"
Steve motioned to his barely-touched plate. "Eat. I already have a couple bags packed for us. We'll… I know a place we can go for the weekend."
Deciding it would be best to attempt to blend in with the rabble, they walked a few blocks away from the Tower before they hailed a cab, Tony barely raising his hand in the air before one was pulling over. As the car pulled up to the curb, some asshole in a business suit attempted to steal it from them, but Tony shoulder-checked him and said, "Yeah, I don't think so, pal," shoving him away as he opened the door and slid into the back seat. Steve apologized —
"What, attention?" Steve asked, smiling. Steve didn't smile much, Tony noticed, and it was always nice to see it when he did. He really had a gorgeous smile.
Steve just shook his head and swung Tony's arms a little more. "Stop it. You love him. Don't even pretend otherwise. You might think I'm a sap, but you're a sentimental fool."
"Yes, I would! I'm getting a headache from all the reactionary testosterone in here. I don't know how you can stand it."
He palmed the ring and, after pulling a Led Zeppelin shirt out of the drawer and pulling it over his head, went downstairs to where Steve was just sitting down on the couch, a bottle in one hand and Olivia in her little carrier in the other. He watched as Steve set the carrier on the floor, cooing at the baby as he did so, and Tony stood beside him and said, "Hey, um, would you do something for me?"
"Look, it's no big deal! We'll go out, we'll have dinner, we'll laugh and we'll chat, and if anyone says boo about it, we'll turn on them for daring to parrot the bullshit that men and women can't just be friends with each other. They always have to be having sex."
He strolled on over to the atrium, casually, like he was just patrolling the area like he did every night at this time. Pepper was talking with a representative now, one that was most gladly going over floor plans and seating arrangements for the size and style of wedding that Pepper was planning. Steve was sure Pepper was being taken for a ride — price-wise, anyway — but the CEO of Stark Industries could afford it.
"Nah, man," Barton said and pushed Tony out of the pilot's seat. Tony went to protest, but he just folded his arms and stood beside Steve as Barton explained, "No biggie. Nat and Bruce are holding down the fort with Hill. They'll let us know if they need us to make a diversion to anywhere else."
"Is there a point to any of this?" he nearly snapped at them, smacking a pen down on the desk that he'd been using to jot notes with. He looked between Sam and Bucky's expectant faces, and he sighed out another groan and said, "
Steve took another step toward her. "You ever do this to him again without his permission, I'll break your neck."
But he loved her, loved he like he'd never loved anyone. It was strange how easily this feeling was able to overcome him. Maybe it wasn't really love. Maybe it was just some pathetic and desperate need to
"You son-of-a-bitch," he muttered and tried to blink the tears away, but a couple spilled down his cheeks. "See? What'd I tell you about the crying?"
bathroom: sleek, expensive, large. He'd never seen a bathroom like this before. He'd never seen a tub that large before, and two —
Thor nodded. "I do understand the concept of poking fun at one's friends and allies in order to better secure the bonds of brotherhood—"
"Look, man, I know you're embarrassed," Wilson said, "but the proof that you have sex slaps every single one of us in the face every time Tony walks into a room. And if Tony seems to think you're the best he's ever had—"
"Yeah, well, I didn't agree to marry either one of them, J, and I am not currently pregnant with the spawn of either one of them, either. Um…for future reference, let's maybe not inform Miss Potts about how flippant I was about not agreeing to marry her."
So, they forewent the disguises. Even Bruce didn't even bother, somehow looking rumpled in what Tony knew was freshly-laundered clothing, his hair in slight disarray as they made their way to the doctor's office late that afternoon. Strangely enough, though the great thing about New York was, by-and-large, most people didn't care. Most people would leave you alone. They had their own lives and concerns to deal with, and there was relatively little fawning to be had compared to a lot of the other places he'd gone to over the years.
Steve handed her over, and Olivia, the little brat, immediately ceased her fussing as soon as she latched on.
He smacked a kiss to the top of Tony's head, and Tony said, "You call me that again, there's a couch in our apartment with your name on it."
"Oh, yeah, he'll eat you out of house and home," Sam agreed easily then said, "Look, if you promise not to tell Thor, I'll show you where I keep the secret stash."
Steve motioned to the tablet on the nightstand. "Been doing some reading. It's called 'quickening,' that fluttering you felt." He grabbed his tablet and turned the display back on, and he swiped a few times before he added, "It's not the first time the fetus moves, it's just when you begin to feel it. It's really just involuntary movements at this point in time, but they describe all sorts of ways the fetus moves at this point — grabbing its feet, sucking its fingers—"
"He's also from the forties. He'd probably expect you to stay home and be some perfect little housewife."
"Merry Christmas," Steve murmured and took a sip. It was sweet. Bubbly. Like a carbonated, sweetened wine. "What is this?" he asked and pulled the glass away from his lips to inspect the contents.
The baby moved inside of him, almost like he suspected Tony needed the reassurance that he wasn't alone, and through it all, Tony choked out a laugh and loosened his arms some to rub a hand over the swell of his abdomen.
But Steve just kept his focus on Tony, and he bumped his nose gently against Tony's and said, "Come on. Sam'll be getting impatient."
He frowned a little, his face softening once again, and he rubbed his hands up and down Tony's arms.
He wouldn't say he actively hated himself, but after the taste of youth and beauty, it was hard to go back to this run-down old jalopy. Did Steve actually like him this way? Prefer him this way? He couldn't. No fucking way. He was an old man this way, his best days long behind him, the wrinkles, the pudgy midsection (especially compared to Steve's rock-hard, washboard abs), the gray at his temples. How could Steve possibly prefer him like this?
already find someone else to look at it. I swear to god, Steve— Is there someone else? Are you going to someone else for your—"
Tony went to say that Starbucks was fine by him, but Pepper piped up the name of some hole-in- the-wall place in Brooklyn he'd raved about the first time Steve had taken him there (because
"You wanna buy some candy, old man?" Tony asked with a leer. Steve frowned as he pulled open the door.
"I'm very real. I don't think it had ever happened to him before. I don't think he'd ever felt an instant attraction before — not like that. He didn't know how to deal with it, and coming from the era he'd come from, he was probably used to having to suppress those feelings."
"What? Does everyone need to know my business?" he asked without thinking, his tone admittedly a bit snappish, but the guy just nodded at the door and said, "This is the men's room."
"It still counts," she said and took hold of his hands before she went up on her toes and kissed his cheek. "Thank you so much for coming. It means the world to me to have Bruce and his friends here."
"If you want it, it's yours for the taking," Rhodey said. "Don't be that guy, Tony. Don't let your pride sabotage something that clearly makes you happy."
"Just look miserable, Stark. Doesn't meant that I am," he replied and took a sip. He glanced to the side and added, "Oh, good, the old man of the table is back."
Tony put the tablet down and set the carafe back in the maker to brew up another pot, and after he'd dumped in a fresh supply of grounds and water, he went over to where Steve sat at the island, hunched over a tablet as he scanned through the data gleaned from the mission. Tony put his hands on his shoulders and began to rub and said, "How'd it go? Sorry I couldn't, you know, even join you remotely. You could have woken me up."
Emotion wiped clean off Tony's face, and he stared at Steve blankly a moment then turned his attention back to Olivia, and Steve felt like he'd stepped on a landmine.
"Wait, are you sassing me?" Tony asked, completely flummoxed at Bruce's snarky little comment. "Seriously? At a time like this?"
"Don't listen to a word your father says," he told the baby now busy staring at something in the distance. "Coffee is the greatest thing ever known to mankind. He just doesn't understand because coffee is like alcohol for him. He can taste it, but it doesn't affect him in any way. He
The little girl yawned and shrugged. "Yeah, I guess." She bounded over to Tony and began to climb onto his lap, starling Tony, who looked over at Bruce in a panic for help. Bruce just laughed a little and held up his hands again as though to imply to Tony that he was on his own for this one.
"Look, it doesn't matter what they are," Tony said. "They're bullshit, and anyone that believes them is clearly passing on low intelligence genes to their child."
He nodded then said, "Look, about earlier— I just wanted to say, I wasn't— I wasn't really thinking of going back. He caught me off-guard and—"
"Mmm… I wouldn't be so sure if I were you," he said and lightly scratched his thumbnail over Steve's nipple, only the thin material of his t-shirt separating the nail from flesh. "I think there was talk earlier of me getting myself off and letting
"I don't know, Tones," Rhodey said. "Kinda getting the feeling this other you is sort of happy with how things turned out."
"Figured it wasn't worth it. I had already waited twenty-five years to find the right partner. What was another twenty-five?" he reasoned then smiled at Tony, soft and intimate. "Or seventy?"
"Indeed," he said, sitting up a little more as he bristled in Tony's defense. "Our friend Anthony is quite the masterful chef in the kitchen, and these cookies are as delectable as any to be found in your numerous Midgardian sustenance shops."
listen to that eavesdropper. Yes, that little tax deduction was ten pounds. She nearly split me in half."
Evidently the general layout of the penthouse was pretty damned close to what Olivia was used to because she navigated that floor like she'd been living there her whole life, and so far as she probably knew, she had.
Steve nodded and said their thanks, and he motioned for Tony to lead them in. Tony rolled his eyes but stepped into the small office, and he took a seat in one of the chairs situated in front of the desk. Steve sat down in the chair beside him, and Tony checked his watch and crossed and uncrossed his legs and drummed his fingers on the arm of the chair and—
He shrugged. "Making me happy is more important, I guess," he said and popped the last bite of bagel into his mouth. He chewed and smiled at her, and she shook her head but smiled a little as she did so.
"A couple." He shoved another forkful of food in his mouth and said around a mouthful of food, "We should do desert. I know this great place down on…Mulberry Street? Spring Street? No, wait—" He frowned and swallowed. "I don't know. It's somewhere down there. You like gelato? Absolutely fantastic. Cannoli? Tiramisu? Anyway, we should totally do desert after this."
body. That could have been anyone's body. Hell, that could have been a cached image. There was no guarantee Bruce had used it the right way. What did Bruce know about that, anyway?
He nodded and cleared his throat. "Yeah," he said as he suddenly realized there were several others sets of eyes on him that didn't understand the significance, including one in particular to his right that he knew had a sneaking suspicion as to what Tony's sudden melancholy was about. He swallowed and turned to him, and he tweaked a smile and said, "Big
have autonomy over that. Esmeralda might have taken my autonomy over my own body away from me — again,
Barnes motioned at Steve and said, "He's too far away. Someone cover his ears for me. I don't want him hearing this stuff 'til he's older."
Tony rolled his eyes, but evidently Thor and Steve's attempt to assemble the highchair had caught his attention, and he turned and stared at them a moment, confusion spreading over his natural murder face, and he pointed at them with the hand that held his beer bottle and said, "Uh, does anyone know they're doing that?"
happen to me let alone would. Hell, I didn't even have anything to safely grow it in until Space Elsa twitched her little nose and bippity-boppity- boo, here we are.
Steve sobered, and he broke the gaze with Tony and turned to Barnes. "That won't be necessary," he said, the voice pure Captain America, and even Barnes seem to understand it was a different tone than he was accustomed to. He frowned a little at Steve but then shrugged like he couldn't be bothered to figure it out, and Steve turned his attention to Tony. The voice was, again, pure Captain America, but the concern was all Steve Rogers — or Steve Stark-Rogers.
Steve just met his gaze, lazy, but with a fierce hunger shining in his blue depths. He hooked a finger around the lacy band of cloth that formed the crotch of Tony's underwear, pushing his knuckle in just the slightest to rub against Tony's clit, and said, his voice low and a little gravelly, "These come off. Everything else stays on."
They said their 'goodbyes,' and the connection cut out. He looked down at the phone in his hand with its blank screen, and he met Pepper's concerned eyes as she reached out and touched his hair.
"That was one of her issues— Well, outside of me being just the absolute worst boyfriend in the world—"
"Yeah, well," Tony said, scraping his plate of the last few morsels of chocolate. "That was the whole point of this exercise, wasn't it?"
Tony held his breath and waited for Steve to leave, and once he heard Steve began to walk down the steps, he exhaled the breath and stepped out from behind the door, rolling his eyes and scowling at himself.
He nodded then said, "Yeah, but what do you think Steve would look like with a beard? You think he could pull it off? Some guys can. Like, uh, what's-his-face from
"You know," Natasha mused from the other end of the coffee table, "if she is your daughter, why can't she do both? She could study engineering and pottery."
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes, jostling a little and almost losing his balance as Steve jerked some beneath him — almost like he was warning him against saying something stupid.
He got up to his bedroom and walked in, forgetting that he hadn't dared set foot in it since Pepper had been up here to pack a bag, and he went over to the bed and dropped Olivia down in the middle of it, and she laughed and bounced a little and ran her hands over the duvet and said, "Papa, d'ja get a new bed cover?"
Her smile broadened, and Tony could tell she was enjoying this a little more than she should have been. "He was attracted to you."
“And what? Risk them taking my own goddamned suit away from me? Maybe the other puppets don’t mind dancing for you, but I’m not looking for Captain Tightass’s approval. I did what I had to do to—”
"'fraid so, kiddo," he said then went around the island and stood behind her. "Isn't this bothering you?" he asked as he gathered up the loose strands of hair and began to work at putting it all back into a ponytail again.
"I can't believe you haven't changed that ring tone," Tony said as Steve picked up his phone to look at it.
"I'm not even sure I would have gone with Cher," he replied then looked over at Heckle and Jeckle. "Wait, seriously, is that what he's up there doing?"
Steve frowned at him and put up a hand to block one of Olivia's from grabbing onto his lip. "It's really not—"
"Look, I know it sounds crazy, but come on, you people have lived through the last several years. Is this really any stranger than
Tony sighed as he carried Olivia down the steps one morning exactly six weeks to the day she'd been born.
Barnes still looked sincerely confused by Tony's concern. "I've told you before. I was always afraid Steve would never find someone that…appreciated him for who he was. You
"—but I have, and I— The only way I'm letting that baby go is if I have absolutely no other choice. If it's the only way to protect her or save her life, and if you're not going to back me up on that—"
Tony found himself, over the course of the next couple weeks, staring at his profile in the bathroom mirror after a shower and trying to see, well,
"Oh, isn't that sweet," Tony said and snatched the box out of Steve's hand. "You're already going in on gifts together."
"I think this one's going to be the test," Tony said and handed the final photo over. Natasha again took it and looked it over, and she flipped it over and read over the script that was written there.
"Hey, yourself," Tony said in reply. He reached up and pressed a kiss to Steve's mouth, his hands braced on Steve's pectorals, and Steve put his hands to his waist as he returned the chaste and sweet kiss.
"Welcome to Tony's church," he told Barnes, who just looked around like he wasn't sure what to make of the place and was ready to bolt at a moment's notice.
"Come on, Steve!" Tony tried to reason one evening three weeks away from what he'd set in stone as his due-date when it was just the two of them and a child that had yet to settle down for the night. He rubbed his hand over his restless belly and said, "They just want to do something nice for us. It wouldn't be one of those stupid frilly ones, either. Really, it would just be a party where they give us stuff like cribs and diapers and those little outfit-things you put on them. All we have to do is show up, and they
Natasha checked her phone and slipped it into the back pocket of her jeans. "Sure. We got along back when I worked at SI, and now that you're out of the picture, we get along even better."
She extended her hand and introduced herself, but Tony wasn't paying attention because she wasn't talking to him and he was too busy watching the barista get his order together. He pursed his lips and scowled as he determined that they hadn't put a generous enough helping of whipped cream on his beverage, and he hoped that whatever Pepper had tipped them when she'd paid — if she even had tipped them — was less than adequate. He should have asked for extra whipped cream. He
Tony sighed and pulled the spoon out of the glass. He stuck the spoon in his mouth to get the few drops that had collected there then said, "You know, I'm really not sure how to take that, to be honest. I mean, I love Steve, and you know how much I love Steve, and not that I'm actively
"I'll let you open one of the other ones," Steve said and went back to pulling out the packing material.
"Shock," Hill said. "A little bit of worry. Disbelief. No one really seems to know what to make of it, but they're starting to put all the pieces together. I think you being at the gala last night really helped sell this."
Steve shook his head a little. "Sorry," he said, "hate to disappoint, but that's coming from Steve Rogers."
Steve nodded his understanding then looked back down and brushed his lips over Olivia's tiny fist. He stared at her, and Tony could tell there was some sort of understanding being had between father and daughter before Steve laughed a little and said, "You shouldn't even exist." When Tony peered a little closer, he saw the tangible evidence of teardrops streaming down Steve's cheeks.
Without hesitation, he pushed in, taking less time and care than he normally did when he pushed into Tony, and Tony gasped, his eyes shooting open, and he let out a breath and looked at Steve — his pupils blown so wide his eyes almost looked black — and said a somewhat bemused, "Holy shit, I think you just took my virginity."
"I don't see that there's any need to," he replied airily. "She never claimed that I did. It was her friends — if you want to call them that — putting those thoughts in her head." He stared pointedly at Steve at this and added, "And her
"Look it…it doesn't matter now, all right? Can't change the past. Do I wish things had gone differently?  Yeah—"
"You expect us to believe that Tony Stark somehow got turned into a woman, that she and Captain America had sex and neither one of them thought to use a condom, and that now you're magically pregnant and stuck as a woman for the rest of your life when everyone knows that Tony Stark — the
"Yeah, but you don't gots an arc weactor!" She frowned. "Iron Man gots an arc reactor." She pointed at the middle of her chest. "Right here."
(which didn't seem possible, but maybe if they were really in 2015...), if they had a daughter (adopted?) and a house upstate, it wasn't because Steve had merely settled for him.
"Really?" Bruce asked, a wounded tone in his voice, and Tony couldn't tell if he was actually hurt or was faking it for humor. Judging by the smirks it netted him, Tony was certain he was going for humor.
"Are you reading another pregnancy article?" he muttered as he crunched on a pretzel and tried to look over Steve's shoulder.
"OK," he said when he was once again able to form a coherent thought. "Again, talking about this later."
"Nah, I don't think so. Just regular party crashers. Think the only ulterior motive any of them might have is getting some prime pictures to sell to various websites."
"Why not?" he muttered and followed the curve of the road as it wound its way back up from under the river. "It's the truth, isn't it?" He scoffed. "Fuck, how could I have been so blind? What, Captain America's really going to want to get with me? Jesus, how could I—"
It was nearly ten minutes gone before he noticed someone familiar making his way over to the table, and he sat up as Steve approached, smiling appreciatively as he saw Steve had chosen to wear (or had been told to wear by Sam) a charcoal-gray suit with a maroon dress shirt and burgundy tie, both of which matched his dress to the point that it looked like they had color- coordinated. After waiting for the kitchen door to swing closed again, Steve took the chair across from Tony and said he was fine with ice water for now when the host offered wine.
"'Yes,' what? I don't think that was a 'yes' or 'no' question. I don't think it was even a question."
He tightened his embrace of Tony and brushed his lips against his hair, and Tony thought about the things that first Natasha and now JARVIS had said to him about Steve, and he wondered, for a brief and tortuous moment, if there was anything to it — if there was any truth to this notion that he was the only thing keeping Steve tethered to the modern day and that Steve would
"Yeah? I'm not sitting here and rubbing my bloated stomach and telling it how much I love it. That's just weird."
Steve just sighed and shook his head, rocking his body back and forth in a gentle, soothing manner for the infant in his arms, and as Tony set up the specimen for testing, he explained, "Look, there is no possible way, even if that other Olivia was alternate universe's us's daughter, that she would have exactly the same genetic sequence as our Olivia. That would be absolutely impossible. I mean, the probability of that would be less than zero."
"Unfortunately," Bruce muttered and pulled the stick out of Steve's skin. He stuck a cotton ball and a band-aid over it, and Steve stumbled a little as he stood up from the bed, but Tony was right there beside him to steady him, and Steve stared down at him a moment before he smiled stupidly and said, "Hey."
Steve just continued petting him and said, "Don't you listen to him. He loves you. He just has a reputation he has to uphold." And then, he leaned in and whispered loudly like he was conspiring with the 'bot but still wanted Tony to hear what he was saying. "But that's OK, because we know the truth. We know how much of a sentimental pushover he really is."
Steve instead pulled them over to a bus shelter just as the rain got even heavier, thrumming down atop the shelter so loud it was hard to even think. He let go of Tony's arm, and Tony folded his arms and grumbled and wondered if it was too late to call up Happy to give him a lift back to the building, but Steve, unable to help himself as he looked over at Tony and saw the way the rain had matted his hair down over his forehead, reached out and pushed the hair away, and Tony looked up at him with inquisitive big, brown eyes.
"Yeah," Barnes said as he returned with what looked like the comforter from Tony and Steve's bed, "he was superstitious like that. Think he got it from his ma."
Natasha frowned reached out a hand to his arm. "Oh, honey," she murmured and squeezed his arm in a gentle and comforting manner.
Both Steve and Tony stared at him on that, and Steve could only imagine they wore matching looks of doubt and disbelief at Thor's words, especially when Thor chuckled at them and said, "You are more in tune with each other than you can possibly know."
He suddenly wondered if there was a slightly more nefarious reason Esmeralda the Delusional had done this to him. Was she Hydra? Was she in cahoots with Hydra? Was Tony just an incubator for some crazy and nefarious Hydra scheme where they tried to grow their very own genius super soldier? He wasn't crazy. Anyone would want a child of both Captain America's and Iron Man's DNA. Fuck, the US Government would probably gladly take one that they could study — off the record, of course — or use to build some sort of arsenal of super soldiers like they'd intended back during the war; the soldiers where Steve was the only successful trial. Maybe they'd gotten more advanced in seventy years? Maybe they'd learned to write the fucking formula down? Because who wouldn't want their very own
Steve turned to him, almost like he was personally affronted. "I can't go out without polished shoes."
Tony adjusted his bag on his shoulder and followed Bruce over to the quaint street-level gallery, leaving his rose-tinted glasses on as they stepped inside.
Steve stared at him a moment before he exhaled a breath through his nose and nodded. He took a somewhat defensive stance, planting his feet about a foot apart and folding his arms, and said, "Is it about those Infinity...pebbles?"
Bruce looked around the group, none of whom seemed to offer anything more supportive than a shrug to him, and he let out a somewhat annoyed breath and said to Tony, "Maybe. I don't know. You said you didn't want to know."
"Ex-SHIELD safe-house upstate. According to Nat, it's still there. Should be OK to hide out at for the weekend."
it was Steve's. In the next couple hours, that's all anyone's going to be talking about. Captain America's bastard child — which is bullshit 'cause we're totally married, and really? Has no one thought to check the county clerk's office for that sort of thing? It's public record."
He'd known since the downfall of SHIELD that Hydra had had his parents killed. Well, they were after Howard, and his mother had been an innocent victim, but still. He'd known that Hydra had killed his parents, and that… That had been good enough for him. Not that he was happy about it — far from it — but at least he knew that it wasn't an 'accident' as it was made out to be. Hydra had purposely murdered his parents, though for exactly what purpose he wasn't sure he'd ever know.
Steve marveled a little at the way Tony's mind worked, the way he was able to jump so effortlessly from one track to another. "I'm pretty sure they're closed now."
Steve asked and peered closer. He stole a confused look back at Tony and said, "Are you sure they're not just… Maybe those are pants?"
"You will," Natasha said then nodded at the stairs. "Go. We'll clean up. You'll fall asleep in no time. I'm sure if you really need to, you could just dress a pillow in one of Steve's shirts.
"Look at me, Steve. Look at me and tell me that you would still be right here right now even if Nat hadn't gone and made some very scary threats to you."
"Yeah," she said with a nod as she settled down onto the bed, legs straight out ahead of her as she leaned back on arms braced to hold her upright, "he's an old man. Right, Papa?"
Steve could actually see the mask sliding over Tony's face, his jaw firming and his eyes going a bit hard and cold. But only a bit because beneath that hardness lay hurt, and Steve knew he wasn't imagining the way his eyes had gone a little wet.
"Yeah, honey, that's great, but you're married and she's dead," Tony said as Steve went over to the elevator.
by his high chancellor only fed those rumors. But the King's face had hardened and sharpened in the intervening years, and he'd even grown a dark patch of hair that framed his mouth at hard, sharp angles. His form was a bit stocky, like his father, but he did not bear any other physical hallmarks that were more to be found in women than in men. The carnal pleasures that the King enjoyed might have been similar to the kind that women enjoyed, but there was no mistaking the King for anything other than what he was.
He didn't let himself take it anywhere beyond that. He wasn't sure it was a path he wanted to travel.
Steve and Barnes stood hugging for longer than Tony had anticipated, and he was just about to turn and make his way back to the cabin alone when he saw Steve dragging Barnes back to their side of the road, something that looked like wetness staining his face.
Bruce laughed a little and nodded his understanding. "No, you don't have to stay like this until you start pushing—"
"Hey," Barton said and swirled his drink around some, "you gotta admit it's impressive. Usually in these situations, the idiots that get caught out can't keep their stories straight. Maybe you two really are
It wasn't his childhood crush coming back to him. It was something more — something he felt in his bones, something that electrified his nerves. It was almost like being with the Cap and being around the Cap gave him new life, renewed his energy, made him see things in a different light. Yes, he had thought about the Cap going down on him, but he'd also given a great deal of thought to doing the same for the Cap, and just the idea — just the very idea — that there existed a universe in this crazy plane of existence that something like that could even have happened…
"Lift up your leg," he said, and Tony pulled the blankets back and did so, and Steve tucked the pillow between his legs.
Tony sighed and motioned at the TV as Bruce and Rhodey groaned and slumped into their chosen pieces of furniture. "It doesn't exist yet!" he finally cried out.
Tony hummed as he considered the rather prominent bulge in Steve's pants. "Huh. You weren't kidding, were you?"
Steve and his old pal stood maybe ten feet apart, facing each other, Barnes looking like he hadn't slept in forever, haunted, and maybe even a little out of it. Steve had deposed himself of his helmet, and he was doing his best to talk to Barnes in a calm, rational way, urging him to remember, downright begging him. Barnes wasn't buying it, staring back at Steve with a blank face and eyes that looked like maybe, just maybe somewhere in the back of his mind he remembered…something, and JARVIS read something out to Tony about heat and oxygen levels and smoke and shit, and Tony said to Steve over the comm, "Honey, you've got thirty seconds before I'm hauling your ass out of here."
He stared at the shots a little longer, pushing his tinted sunglasses up to rest atop his head so that he could get a better look, before he moved onto another one that clearly had to have been taken during the winter going by the snow on the ground. The two sisters, dressed up in winter clothes and boots, were sitting on what looked like porch steps, a carefully trimmed line of Japanese yews on either side of them. The little girl was standing on a freshly-shoveled sidewalk and bundled up tight in a light-colored snowsuit, her body turned to look back at the women on the steps. In the background, standing beside what was probably a front door, was what looked like the lower half of an older man — presumably the 'Pop' mentioned elsewhere — wearing what looked like work pants of some kind and boots and a flannel coat. Without a face to go by, Tony could only presume age by what he could make out of the posture, which looked, well, like a man just on the other side of middle age.
But while the wife was practically glaring daggers at him, the husband had his attention directed at Steve and was saying something like, "Isn't that...?"
He shook his head to clear his thoughts, some voice in the back of his mind that sounded a lot like Sam's telling him he was only thinking that stuff because he still, to this day, felt that he was useless and needed to prove himself and his worth. Maybe that's what it was, he thought as he went about making the baby's bottle. Maybe it was just his old insecurities cropping up — that large chip on his shoulder he'd never quite been able to brush off — taunting him, teasing him, goading him with the 'fact' that he needed Tony and the baby more than they needed him. There wasn't a damned thing he could do that Tony couldn't do better — like making this goddamned bottle — and would anyone really even miss him, anyway, if he were to go? Everyone from his old life had moved on after he'd disappeared, why not this one, too?
with Steve. Yes, most guys would take that as a huge insult — Tony knew he sure as hell would have — but he didn't know how else to describe it. He felt
…stirrups) and a sink and a counter with various tongue depressors and swabs and implements and gloves and other things he didn't recognize right off the bat. There were informational posters lining the wall — cross sections of various parts of the female anatomy and a fetal development chart that showed the various stages of gestation.
He rubbed his abdomen some more and closed his eyes. He thought he'd been lying yesterday when he'd told Natasha he had a 'gut' feeling that this was a boy. He thought he'd been lying because, much as he was afraid to admit it, his 'gut' feeling was that it was a girl. And that disheartened him just as much as saying 'boy' because he was certain that this girl wasn't
He went down to his lab and began to putter with things for SI and things for the Avengers (who evidently couldn't be bothered with him, but whatever, he'd be the bigger person here), chowing down on a turkey sandwich that had appeared at some point but not bothering to ask where it even came from. He took a nap on the couch after that, waking up to a blanket tucked around him that hadn't been there when he'd fallen asleep, and he got up and puttered around some more before he stretched and cracked his back and rubbed his belly and sniffed himself, realizing then he was a bit ripe.
"Hmm? Oh," he said and went over to the coffeemaker. "It's really quite simple. Whoever told you Esmeralda was dead was full of shit. She's very much alive and very much annoying."
Tony slammed his hand down on the table, only now remembering that he'd impaled it earlier thanks to the throbbing pain it sent up his arm. Fuck, he hoped it wouldn't start bleeding again.
He'd already stopped believing this was some nefarious Hydra plot, but if he hadn't, he was pretty sure that would have done the trick. He didn't know this Tony from Adam — not really — and yet he could tell that Tony meant everything he'd said with every fiber of his being. Like he knew his name, rank, and serial number, he knew that Tony, well,
Well, except pee standing up, now that he thought about it. That was one thing he couldn't do. He couldn't pee standing up. God, squatting was a pain in the ass. Women did
But whatever — whoever — he was, he was definitely changed now and forever. And honestly...he was more OK with that than his logical mind told him he had any right to be. Not just from a physical or health standpoint but from an identity standpoint, too. He might have fought against it at first, and he might have hated it for months afterwards, but honestly…he was kind of OK with how he was. He'd come to accept it. Maybe not a choice he'd made willingly, but far from the worst thing that had ever been done to him. Besides, at least his sternum hadn't had to be rebuilt in this body. There was an odd comfort in knowing his breastbone was in one solid piece, something he hadn't known for several years now.
Tony just stared at him a moment then blew out a breath and said, "Uh, they're called 'LEDs,' which stands for 'light-emitting-diode.'  Based on electroluminescence—
Steve exhaled a heavy breath through his nose. "Infinity stones," he muttered and shared a look with Tony, who just shook his head as though to say,
Tony, mature person that he was, nearly fell off the bed laughing as Steve cried out a surprised, "Holy
"Nat called general. Bucky got stuck with treasurer. Clint somehow convinced Thor that 'buck private' was the highest rank possible. Bruce was too toked out to give a shit. Rhodes we made an honorary member because he said we were idiots, but I think he was just jealous he didn't think of it first."
"Hey, man, I don't care," Barnes said, hands put up in slight defense, and Tony realized then he'd uttered probably every single word of that rant aloud. "I don't know that anything like that is possible," Barnes continued, "but if Steve's genes are as stubborn as he is, well, I guess I wouldn't be surprised."
"Yeah, well, you don't really need to do it that way, do you?" He nodded at the stirrups. "And I mean, you want to talk about lack of consent."
As she went about pulling out the sparklers — instructing Barnes and Wilson to help her while the other party-goers went back to mingling and chatting — Tony pushed close into Steve and said, "So, what did you wish for?"
Bruce just ran a hand through his unruly hair. "I know that, Tony, but you're not a— This is completely uncharted territory here. You're not a woman. There's really no good, solid information to go on for this. You might have the most uncomplicated pregnancy in the history of the world…or you could be dead of a hemorrhage or something like that tomorrow. And is this even something you
He chugged the remainder down, tilting his head back to get every last chocolaty drop, and he set the glass down and belched then wiped his mouth off with the back of his hand and said, "Going to work on some more of those specs for Pep. Not that anyone cares where I am, but if anyone asks for some reason, that's where I am, and I do not want to be disturbed.
"Send him on up, J—" he said. "And, hey, might wanna warn him about what we've got here so he's not completely surprised when he walks in."
"Oh, honey, don't cry," Steve said in that same soft whisper, and Tony cringed in embarrassment and tried to squeeze his eyes tight enough to keep the tears from slipping through, but it was pointless as a couple escaped through his eyelashes and cascaded down his cheeks. Steve just pressed his cheek against Tony's again, and he added, "I know coming back from something like this isn't going to be easy, but if it takes the rest of my life, I am going to get you to believe that Anthony Edward is just as beautiful to me as Antonia Natasha — maybe even more. I love
He worked his breasts a few more moments, his lips nuzzling at his neck just above where the collar sat, before he slid his hands down and spread them wide over the swell of Tony's belly.
"Steve's wearing a gimp suit, and it looks like they're sacrificing a lamb," Natasha said drolly, and while Pepper just rolled her eyes, Rhodey called out from the hallway, "That's not funny."
He knew she had the serum in her — he just knew it — but there was still a part of him that wondered (or maybe 'worried' was the better word) that she would somehow develop one or all of his prior maladies. He knew it was a stupid thing to consider — a stupid thing to worry about — but it was always there in the back of his mind, taunting him and teasing him and goading him. Maybe he had been turned into a specimen of physical perfection, but there was no guarantee any children he might have would be.
Tony just worked at sketching a new elbow joint for the armor. "More than you might think. How 'bout you, boo-berry?" He turned his wrist to glance at his watch. "Kinda early to be home from drinks, aren't you?"
"There you are," she said and glanced back at her computer like she was closing down something. "I was just beginning to worry." She motioned to the door beside the window and said, "Come on through. Got the office to ourselves." And then she looked at Steve and said, "There should be a deadbolt on the door out there. Would you mind turning that?"
liked to take his time drawing out Tony's pleasure, making him writhe, making him plead, making him beg Steve to let him come already.
me up on all fours, my thighs dripping with lube and come, all filled up with it and a tight plug to keep it there, and you'd make me stay there like that, stay until I couldn't take it anymore, until I was so desperate with want, desperate to come, that I begged you. That I cried and begged you to let me come, and you— and you—
Stark gritted his teeth like he was trying to keep himself from falling over the precipice and giving into Steve then ground out a stubborn, “I’m going to my union about this.”
He shrugged and rubbed his hand against Steve's rock-hard abs. "Just… I don't know. Just… Look, I know it sounds crazy, but it's just this weird feeling that I've had the past… I don't know a while, I guess. Like… I'm actually at my due date — well, almost. I am two days away from my due date and— Fuck, the fact that I can actually—" He shut his mouth and shook his head before he continued again. "And I know that once it actually happens… I'm not going to change back. I'm going to be stuck like this, and I just… I mean I can live with it. I don't have a choice now. It's not the end of the world. Yeah, I'll miss my old body, but I can live with this the rest of my life. Sure, there's surgery, but that…" He shrugged. "I don't know. I guess what I'm saying is that I can totally live with being a woman for the rest of my life. I think. I just… I wonder how you feel about it. Can
Steve shrugged and got to his feet, and he followed Tony into the bathroom and didn't put up one ounce of fight as Tony directed him at what to do and how and where to hold the dress before he was able to relieve himself, sighing in relief as he did so.
"Look, the public knows the original six of us," Tony said. "When this was designed and put into production, you were probably still blissfully running around the Mall or wherever the hell you were when Steve picked you up off the street like a stray fucking kitten without a care in the world."
He closed the door behind him, and he set the clean clothes on the sink then went about stripping the wet ones from his body. Much to his grief, his cock yearned for attention, and thoughts of Tony's lithe, lean, sinewy body in mind, he closed his eyes and reached down to palm himself, the flush covering his face equal parts embarrassment and arousal. He wanted to say it was Tony's fault for mentioning the fact that they had explored every square inch of each other's bodies, but it was nothing but his own fault for finding the thought of that so absolutely tantalizing that he wanted Tony to show him exactly
"I made a mistake. I thought I was doing the right thing for both of us. I thought I was giving him what he wanted. We were from two different worlds. I never would have fit into his. I thought he deserved more than I could ever give him."
"STDs, babe. Get with the times. But yeah, you might think that except it was immediately after we watched a report about how the AIDS epidemic was affecting the gay community. I think he was sort of under the impression—"
…a lot. Like, yeah, that's weird. Evidently, it's mid-morning-nap time, because he's been kind of quiet, which is always a relief because the little shit— uh, I mean
"Sign yourself in, punk," he said and kicked away from the desk with his foot, rolling the chair away from the computer terminal.
"No trouble at all," Tony said and patted Steve's arm then sucked in a breath as he watched Thor try to take a swing at the piñata with Mjolnir. "Yeah, OK, that's not happening," he said and pulled away from Steve to go tell Thor if he put a hole in his wall or his window, he was off the team.
Steve stared at him, a look on his face that was equal parts amused and insulted. "You said that on purpose."
"Oh, really?" he asked and folded his arms, scowling at the woman that stood before him, and she looked up from examining her nails to meet his gaze.
He made his way back to the burger stand and saw that Steve was in line but hadn't really moved up very far. He pushed his way through, getting nasty looks and a few muttered sexist epithets as he cut in between hungry waiting tourists (mostly, it seemed) to meet up with Steve again. He bumped against his arm, and Steve frowned and looked down at him, but his annoyance cleared when he saw it was Tony.
Tony obnoxiously cleared his throat and turned around to look at Bruce, lips twisted in a grimace and eyebrow arched, and Bruce at least had enough decency to look a
Tony hummed and pushed closer to him. "Good, because the only thing going through mine is that I'm yours."
He turned away from the window and came face-to-face with himself in the mirror. He was clad in only a white undershirt and gray, skin-tight boxers that didn't feel like they were made out of the right material. Comfortable and still had enough give to not feel constricting in the least. Yet for what little he wore, he wasn't cold. The floor was carpeted, and the temperature in the room was just right without being either too warm (Steve couldn't ever say he'd had a bedroom that was 'too warm') or too cold (he'd experienced plenty of that). He peered closer at his reflection, and sure enough, his hair was shorter, sort of spiked-up rather than swept in a side-part. He put his left hand up to his face (which did look a bit older than he'd last seen) and rubbed against five o'clock shadow, and that's when he saw it. The metal band on his left ring finger.
Just another one of those glaring imperfections that had made Howard dislike him so. At least his mother had loved him, even if she would have been disappointed — not that he'd been 'knocked up,' necessarily, but that his father's obsession had been the one to do it.
Steve leveled him with a flat look. "Captain America keeps his nose out of it. Steve Rogers wants whatever his partner wants because he's not the one that's actually going through it."
"It wasn't. It's just— 'Cap' is the shell, but 'Steve Rogers' is the guy that really matters, and a lot of people wouldn't be able to get past that because they'd go to bed with 'Cap' and wake up with 'Steve' and—"
Steve just rolled his eyes at Tony's comment, but Tony said, "Put in the order, J. We're going to need it. Order as much as you think we can use before it expires."
He didn't even bother to reply to that. He was pretty sure that was his kitchen in the background of the picture, though. A quick check of the attached details showed the picture had been taken right before it had been sent.
"The last time— When you changed Tony back, you said you wouldn't see us for while. You said if you left him as a woman, you wouldn't have to come back for even longer. That doesn't— Is this— Was this not supposed to happen?"
Tony hummed in consideration of Bruce's words and handed over the portrait of Steve's mother. Again, Natasha unfolded it and looked at the photo therein, and Barton tilted his head a little in consideration of it and said, "Kinda looks like his mother, too."
Steve dropped his hand away, and Tony turned to Rhodey. "So, you're saying we look 'cute' together?"
Steve didn't say anything, but Tony could feel the disapproval coming through the comm. Or maybe that was the 'bond' that nutcase claimed they shared. In any case, Tony knew Steve wasn't too thrilled with the comparison, but he ignored it and instead fought to get closer to the building where JARVIS informed him their metal-armed target still was hiding out, and the read of the heat signatures, of course, had him in a part of the building that would be difficult to access.
The room was silent save for the sounds of Olivia suckling, and Tony resigned himself to the fact that saying things like that wasn't nearly as much fun when Steve wasn't around to argue with him about it.
"Don't care, J," he said, the fight going out of him with each word. "Don't care. Is he… Is he dead?"
"Hmm… First, how 'bout I go brush my teeth? It's hard to feel sexy when you have the taste of Italian sub and
But Olivia just frowned and looked at it. "Isn't that the one Daddy broke?" Tony looked over the shirt then met her gaze again. "Uh? Huh?"
Steve's mouth dropped open in insult, and Tony leaned in toward the doctor and said, "Let's get one thing straight here: He didn't force anything on me, OK? Jesus, he didn't— He didn't
But he shut off his comm and pulled his helmet off and turned his full attention to Tony, who had sat himself up in the interim and was staring down at himself in a mixture of awe and shock.
"Bleeding. Are you— Have you noticed, when you go to the bathroom, is there any...blood? Like a slight pinkish tinge?"
Still, he also didn't want to spoil his children, and so he straightened his spine a little and added, "But if we're not careful, she's going to end up completely spoiled with—"
Good god, this shit smelled terrible! He could only hope it tasted better than it smelled, but if it tasted like this, then he really couldn't blame her for spitting it up — and he definitely couldn't blame her for spitting it up all over him. It was his fault she was stuck having to eat that shit now.
He shrugged again and said his 'goodnights' then lay down on his back, pulling the covers up to his chest. Tony sat there a moment more staring at him, watching as he gazed up at the ceiling, lips pursed and eyes a little pained as he probably once again, for the millionth time, played Barnes' fall from the train through in his head.
His father might end up a fucking deadbeat asshole obsessed with a figure from his past — oh, dear god, was Steve that much like Howard? Did he really marry his father? — but his
He sat back in his seat and hummed in thought then said, "It's sort of like… Think of it like the wire service. It's an exchange of information, cat pictures, and pornography."
Esmeralda put her hands up in defense. "I mean you no harm. I promise. I'm just checking to see how you're getting along."
"Are you kidding? We answer to Captain America. I'd rather answer to some sort of faceless government bureaucracy. Much easier to thumb my nose at them and tell them to go fuck themselves. I've never had a government agency give me the patented Stare of Disapproval."
Natasha stared at him a moment, green eyes flickering over his face in what looked like a combination of wonder and realization, and after Bruce spotted them and headed over to them, she said to him, "Tony has a backache."
Tony glared at him a little. Of course he wouldn't. "Hey, great. Don't you have an old girlfriend to go beat up?"
"Any weirder than you also being able to say you're carrying Captain America's baby?" Natasha said then patted his calf. "You look good. Steve won't be appalled by your grooming habits."
They stared at each other, unable to understand or fully process what was being said until, jointly, they scrambled for the baby book, and Steve grabbed it and fanned through the pages.
"You can't be serious!" the second man said. "Do you not know what this will mean for the realm if there is no heir apparent were the King to meet his God?"
Barton shook his head a little and went back to his cereal, digging his spoon in and pushing the pieces of marshmallow and toasted oat around in the bowl, and Tony continued, "Anyway, to be honest, I've met the guy in passing, like, a handful of times. And yeah, most of those times were back during my 'functional drunk' period, but I'm pretty sure I didn't do anything to bring shame upon the House of Stark as far as he was concerned."
He felt that now-familiar telltale warmth pooling in his belly, throbbing and growing and threatening to overtake him, and Steve was murmuring something in his ear about wanting him to come, but it wasn't until Tony felt the familiar spend emptying into him, marking him, that he felt his own desire finally overcome him, and he came with the most obscene moan he was sure anyone had ever uttered, arching in on himself and gasping out for breath, Steve's spit-slickened fingers sliding out of his mouth and away as he worked Tony through the final aftershocks of his orgasm, murmuring how good he was and how beautiful he was and how perfect he was.
"I mean, even if it is Air Force," Steve added with a sly smirk in Jim's direction, and Jim snorted a laugh and said, "Please, the Army takes anybody. You actually have to have a few brain cells to rub together to get into the Air Force."
He lay down beside Tony and spooned up behind him, putting his arm around him and resting a firm hand over the hand Tony still had on his belly, and Tony felt the dip of the mattress as Steve braced himself up on one arm and leaned in to nuzzle at his neck.
Tony had expected cold like last time, but it was surprisingly warm…which didn't do much to set his bladder at ease. He grimaced a little and then grimaced a little more as Bruce set the wand down on his abdomen and moved it around, pressing in either to get some pictures or torture him. He wasn't sure which.
"Yeah, that's great, Thor," Bruce said and sat forward a little. "But I'm not sure exactly how biology works on Asgard or anywhere else in the…cosmos—"
It was gluttonous, and there was a part of him that saw it as abhorrently wasteful, but it tasted really good, and like the sign said, it was
"Yeah, that… Yeah," he said with a nod and got to his feet. He reached down and squeezed Tony's shoulder, and then he was gone to the elevator and out of the penthouse.
fathers? Relying on his spouse to do and provide everything? Sure, he loved feeding her and always had, but Tony had pretty much always been the one to get the bottle ready — originally with the breast milk and then with the formula after the supply of breast milk had...ceased to be. He knew there was a part of Tony that regretted being so hasty in his decision to change back — that thought maybe he should have thought it through a little more or maybe just held off another couple months or so. He knew the whole ordeal had been pretty much a revelation to Tony and that Tony now knew his gender—
He bent down and pressed a kiss to Steve's forehead, and he sighed a little and said, "Old man, you're going to be the death of me one of these days."
Tony shrugged and waved off his concern. "Don't mention it. Happy to do it. Pretty standard fare with the arm — maybe a little substandard for my liking. You want, I can whip him up a new, better one lickety-split."
"Yeah," Tony said and settled into the bed, snuggling up to Steve. "It's a thing. It's like a prenup, but something you sign
Thor just smiled at him, and he heard the click of heels against tile. He turned to see Natasha and Bruce coming toward them, a bouquet of colorful hydrangeas and alstroemeria in Natasha's hands. He rolled his eyes and said, "You really didn't have to do this," as she passed the bouquet off, Rhodey taking the phone from his hands in the exchange, but she just smiled and said, "You can't get married without a bouquet. Besides, we have to find out who's getting married next."
spot inside of him. He could barely catch his breath, and he met Steve's gaze, his own a bit hazy and crowded with lust, and he was sure he slurred out, "Whassat?" but Steve just shushed him and, keeping up the strokes, leaned over him and kissed him, licking a light strip over his bottom lip so that Tony would open his mouth and offer entrance, Tony barely registering the thought that he was being forced to taste himself.
Steve?" he asked, though he didn't know why he focused on that. Had Tony just said the year was 2015?
Tony stared at him a moment then leaned in and pressed a kiss against his cheek. "I knew you supported me, snuggle bunny."
But since being able to find some peace and purpose in this new millennium, the sleep came much easier for him, and tucked into a warm and comfortable bed with the love of his life sleeping beside him and dark skies greeting him from beyond the plate glass windows before him, it was all he could do not to stay curled up beneath those blankets all day.
Steve was quiet a moment before he tweaked a small, slightly embarrassed smile, and he scratched the back of his head and said, "Because I may have gone a little too overboard—"
"I mean, clearly, mine was…just something crazy, but yours— How do you know? I mean, you didn't meet your future—"
, and Tony smiled and said with an easy shrug, "You have no one to blame for that but yourself. And, to be honest, you're supposed to be a tactical genius. You should have seen this coming a mile away."
Steve folded his arms, his hands tucked into his armpits, and he tilted his head forward some and made like he was looking at Tony over a pair of non-existent glasses and said, "You really think we should do that?"
She just waved him off and followed Tony over to where he took a spot in the middle of the room — perhaps not coincidentally exactly where he'd stood nearly nine months earlier when he'd been put into this form for the duration.
"Aw, man!" she said and sat back, pouting and folding her arms. "I want th' ones like Daddy's shield."
"The hell it is! You're like a…giant ball of righteous fury with killer abs and an adorable smile that looks like a Greek statue come to life but acts like some cantankerous old man because they stopped selling your Postum."
"You're no fun," Tony said and waved Steve off with a blasé motion of his hand but then added, "But when we do go — 'cause we're going — where do you want to go? Belize? Bora Bora? Bermuda? Some other magical tropical isle that starts with a 'B'?"
Just as he'd suspected. Unfortunately. He pulled out the first article of clothing, an eggplant- colored padded underwire bra, and Pepper had to hide a laugh behind her hand while Steve looked on in amusement and intrigue.
," he said, his voice soft. He dropped his arms and went over to him, moving the phone so he could sit down on the coffee table opposite him. "You're not a…" He sighed a little and dropped his head a moment before he looked up at Tony with newfound vigor. He reached out and took hold of Tony's hands and squeezed them tight. "I don't want to— I don't want them to touch you. I don't want them near you. I don't want them to have anything to do with you. But I don't want you to feel like you're trapped here, either. You're not trapped. You're never trapped. I'm never going to trap you. If you want to go out for breakfast, I will take you out for breakfast. I can't promise I won't punch someone that shoves a camera or a microphone in our faces, but I will take you out."
"I've, uh, kind of been undergoing gender-reassignment surgery the past couple years. Haven't quite finished yet. In fact, still got my cock." He then pushed as close as he could to the guy and breathed up against his ear, purring the words, "
"Doesn't mean it isn't," Welch countered. "And I don't think the government would mind too much the expense to find out which one of you is right,
group? He didn't know this group from Adam, and a piece of paper in a file was nothing compared to actual combat experience — fighting side-by-side as brothers-in-arms. Not to say he
"No, it's fuckin' hysterical," Barnes said, and though his tone was kind of flat, Tony got that he was actually speaking the truth, which…didn't
Tony took that time to get dressed, selecting not a comfortable pair of pajamas but an arc reactor blue teddy with cream-colored trim and tiny bows that he'd got when Natasha and Hill had taken him shopping for his wedding (they'd insisted on lingerie as well). He wasn't sure why. He didn't have to entice Steve any longer; no, he realized as he moved a little and felt the ache of well-used and abused muscles in his ass and snatch — ugh, maybe it was best to stick with 'pussy' — that were going to be feeling what Steve did to him for
And even Steve seemed to notice this as he said, "I'm sorry, honey, but we can't get any more of that other stuff you liked. They, ah, went out of business."
Look, he wasn't still under the impression this was Hydra's doing, but he just…he wanted to make sure he wasn't missing anything. That's all.
after he'd been turned. After JARVIS had done his body scan, after he'd read out the results, after he and Steve had come to the understanding that he was now a
"Yeah, well," he said with a painful and tired groan but didn't elaborate or defend himself. Instead he asked, "Where's everyone else?"
He stopped beside the door to what was the Cap's bedroom and stared at her a moment as he tried to process exactly what she'd just informed him, and his brain almost short-circuited at the conclusion it came to.
"Steve's preoccupied a lot of the time thinking about Barnes. But except this last time, he hasn't actually been the one out there looking for him. I do that. Clint does that. Natasha does that. He stays here in New York with you and does your Avenger-business. I know you think Steve cares more about him than he does you, but I'm telling you, man, that's
"Hmm? Oh! First off—" He picked up a stylus that was laying around and pointed it at him. "How's the arm?"
Tony sat back in his seat, nodding sagely as he did so. "Ah, yes, the technicality. My dear, sweet, darling husband informed me of this adventure of his a while ago but never went into detail about it. I didn't think anything of it then. Kinda had a lot of other things on my mind at the time.
Under 'employer,' he wrote 'self-employed' because it was kind of true. He was an Avenger, and he was the one funding and outfitting the Avengers even if Steve was the de facto leader. He skipped over the line about his 'preferred pharmacy' because his preferred dispensary was 'Bruce Banner,' but he knew he couldn't put that on a form. Insurance information he skipped as well because his insurance information was for 'Tony Stark,' and he was pretty sure Blue Cross wasn't going to approve payment for an obstetrician's visit for, well,
"Just a couple minutes. I promise," the doctor said, and Tony, making sure to keep his legs together, lay back down on the table and lifted each arm when he was instructed to do so, the doctor feeling around each breast for…reasons, he supposed. She probably knew what she was doing. Bruce had recommended her, after all.
thing in the world. Yeah, OK, gun to his head, he actually found it kind of hot. But not for two fucking hours or more at speeds of upwards of seventy miles an hour or better. A fucking helmet wasn't going to do much to protect
But Steve just steamrolled right over him and said, "I think you got more out of Bucky in two hours than I've been able to get out of him since I saw him on the bridge. I don't know how you did it, but thank you."
Steve just exhaled a breath, arms folded and sour look on his face. "I guess," he muttered. "Have any ideas for how we're going to do this?"
"I want you to be mine," he finally whispered to him, "now and forever. I want you to want to be mine."
So, Bruce explained in gentle terms what they were seeing. He pointed to where the head was, pointed to an arm and a leg, and he pressed a button somewhere so that they could hear what was supposed to be a heartbeat. Tony was still having a hard time believing that this was growing inside of him — again, every possibility these were cached images from someone else — but Steve's face had lost its steadfast hardness and had softened into something a little more tender and amazed. He squeezed Tony's hand again, his eyes focused on the screen, and said, "This… Wow…" as the fetus bounced a little in the images, no doubt annoyed by the sound waves it was being bombarded with.
Steve ducked his head some like he was embarrassed. "I'm sorry," he murmured. "I know we haven't really been talking about anything you could relate to."
, but the just the idea of me being a mom or doing mom things or anything like that and it somehow making me
Tony glared at him as he went about reforming the scraps of dough to get a couple more cookies out of. "I see you plan on sleeping on the couch for the indefinite future."
"Probably. These are ridiculously lame. I mean, I get I'm talking to the man that thought 'Lady Liberty' was a good counter to 'Jabba the Slut.'"
And so he clamped his mouth shut and swallowed, nodding his silent acquiescence before he turned to leave, and as he did so, Bruce called out, "Hold on, I'll go with you."
Bruce turned to him, and he put calming hands out and said, "Tony, don't panic, but it sounds like you might be in the early stages of labor."
Bucky made an airy motion with his hand. "Sort of," he conceded. "There was…what was his name? Phil."
Tony shook his head. "Nothing. Never— J? Look, ordinarily I am perfectly fine with sharing information with my husband, but he was being a bit
"Maybe I'm just a nice guy. You ever think of that?" he asked and turned back to them. "I'd do it for either of you."
"You'll never be free. You know that, right? Never be your own man. Never be under your own control. All I have to say are the magic words, and this delusion that you have — that you can rejoin the world, that the world would even want you — will be nothing but a forgotten memory."
He exhaled a breath, and he hoped the slump in his shoulders wasn't as noticeable as it felt. He smiled a little, his insides crumbling. He was pretty sure he'd just been what he'd heard Clint term 'friend-zoned.'
"I do not know," he said and began to crunch on a slice. "She does not waste her talents, however. There is a reason she chose to focus her attentions on our friend. And you as well. I do not believe this fate would have befallen our Man of Iron did she not sense the bond between you."
"Hey, stop!" Jane told her then turned a softer smile on Tony again. "So," she said, eager to have knowledge imparted on her, "what's it like?"
Steve had lessened his hold on Tony's hand, and by the time Steve was stepping onto the roadway, he'd completely lost his grip of Tony's hand. Tony just stood and watched as his husband took several more steps toward the friend that was taking several slow, cautious steps toward him, and like something out of some goddamned movie or fucking romantic comedy, they met square in the middle of the road, each standing on either side of the double yellow line.
They stayed in those positions for what Steve felt was an agonizingly long period of time, and just when he was sure Tony was summing up the courage to say, "
"For you or for her?" Steve asked with a raised eyebrow, and Tony gave a little half-grimace and scratched the back of his head.
But the woman grinned at Tony, her eyes lighting up in delight and intrigue as she kept hold of Tony's hand. "So
) and stuck it back in the bag, only vaguely noticing the time had read six-thirty. He hummed a little and stood next to Steve, rubbing his belly some as he felt the little beast within him stir from his previous calm.
going to some doctor's office for this. Hell, he wasn't sure he would ever leave the confines of the Tower again, which earned him a stupid 'Rapunzel' comment from Barton, which made absolutely no sense because no one but he himself was keeping him in this tower.
Tony snorted a laugh. "That's what every parent says, and they're full of shit. Deep down, you want one more than the other."
Hill nodded. "You got it," she said and left the room again to presumably make the necessary arrangements, and Steve took a deep breath and rubbed a hand over his face.
Tony would have asked 'what home?' but he already knew the fucking answer, which he felt like a punch to the gut.
But Steve just kept his gaze on Tony and said, "I do mean it. You know if I could change places with you—"
He sat back in his chair and grimaced a bit. He ached, and his stomach cramped like a son-of-a- bitch, but he wasn't sure the feeling was as strong as it was supposed to be for how long he'd been at this fucking thing.
Steve had offered to help. Tony said he'd call him if he needed anyone to burn the cookies for him. Steve would have taken offense, but even he could admit Tony had a point.
, Papa! He belongs t' Unca Hawky. You know that! But you told Unca Hawky you're gonna take Nate away from him 'cuz he's too r'spons'ble."
"Oh," he said with a nervous laugh. "Oh, well. I guess you can just toss it unless you want to use it for something else."
Tony attempted to put his hands on his hips. "Look at me, Steve," he said and fumbled for where to put his hands given his disappeared waistline. "Does it really look like I should attempt to balance on anything above two inches? Aside from the fact that I'm not sure my ankles could take the balancing act."
The man with the flecks of gray at his temples just snorted a laugh and scratched at his chest — Steve saw the remnants of odd-shaped surgical scars there — before he stretched his arms out above his head, his movements lithe and almost cat-like as he yawned and forced the sleep from his body. Something inside Steve itched to reach out and touch that body, run a hand down the firm muscles of his torso, put an arm around his waist and pull him tight against him, run his hands through that messy, dark hair and capture those lips with his own and—
Still, he didn't want to wake him up just for that, so he slumped back down into the bed and lay there, and he pushed his pants and his underpants down to his thighs, but he couldn't get his legs spread widely enough to get the right angle that he so desperately needed, and so with an anguished groan, he shucked his pants and underpants and shoved them down to the end of the bed then bent his legs and spread them as wide as he could without disturbing Steve and began to finger himself. He closed his eyes and used Steve's presence beside him to imagine that it was Steve's hand on him, Steve's hand that was stroking him, Steve's fingers that were working him.
" Tony hissed as Bruce met up with him. He put his finger to his lips and motioned to the slack little body on top of his, and Bruce gave him a
I get anymore? Like, if you stuck a forty-eight ounce Porterhouse in front of me right now, I could probably polish that bad boy off in five minutes and
Hill smiled like she was trying not to laugh. "I'd think the 'man with the plan' would want to know so he could plan accordingly."
" that Wanda woman urged, but Cap didn't move, and Tony watched as Olivia shot a sad and nervous glance over to him then looked back at the Cap.
"Eh," Tony said with a shrug as he tweaked a few more connections, DUM-E still patiently holding the magnifying glass for him. "At heart, I'm a mechanic that was born into the right family. Just the luck of the draw, really."
Natasha arched an eyebrow at her but still got up from her chair and went to stand behind Tony, pulling the strands of dark waves together and holding them back in an approximation of what he remembered Pepper calling one time a 'French twist.'
Steve groaned and rolled his eyes, most of the fight going out of him as he slumped over Thor's shoulder, and Tony sputtered a few times as he processed what this meant and said, "Are you fucking kidding me? Is there
She smacked her chewing gum again but still didn't budge, and Steve said, "Look, it sounds...crazy, but he
Tony glared at him a moment then grabbed the clipboard out of Steve's hand. "Fine," he muttered and pulled the pen out from where it had been tucked up at the top. "Name? That's easy," he said and scrawled down 'Natasha Carbonell.' "Soc? Shit. I can't use my real one, can I?"
"And how do you suppose I go about doing that?" he asked and sat back some, flipping through the book and more fanning the pages than actually looking at anything.
"Filthy, old man," he murmured and carefully shifted the baby to his other breast, feeling that one was kind of tapped out.
He sucked in a breath through his nose and pulled away, stripping off his clothes as he went over to the bathroom to luxuriate in a hot spray of water. Dropping his clothes where he saw fit — unlike his husband, he would pick them up and put them where they belonged when he was done — he went into the bathroom and, as he'd grown accustomed to the past several weeks, left the door ajar on the off-chance that Olivia began to make noises of any kind — hunger, distress, whatever. Steve was downstairs, and Steve's hearing was impeccable, but Tony was closer if, god forbid, anything went wrong.
Look, the Cap was a good-looking guy. He'd always known that. But now… It was different now. Yes, he was handsome, but… There was another plane of time and space out there where this man sitting beside him was his husband, where they had children, where they evidently were crazy in love with each other.
Tony made a 'hmm' sound but shrugged. "I don't know, but they do exist. Heard the term bandied about by the board from time-to-time when I was in my not-so-great period and they thought I'd get drunk and get married in Vegas to some prostitute looking for a quick payout." He pushed closer to Steve and added, "Surprised they weren't pushing me to take any and all precautions with
But Natasha just smiled at them, knowing, soft, like she knew something they hadn't yet admitted to themselves.
Barnes met his gaze, and their eyes did a strange dance of understanding before he nodded and lowered his gun.
He let Natasha work at his shoulders a few more minutes before he nodded his head at the TV where the talking heads were debating something they couldn't possibly know the answer to and said, "You know, I really thought Steve would have been back by now. How long has it been?"
"Yeah, sure, Stark," Barton said with a laugh. "You wait here, and I'll go call up the local NOW chapter."
He dropped his hand and reached out to grab his mug of coffee, and as he swallowed a gulp of hot liquid, Tony said, "Hey, if you put that baby back in her crib, I can give you all the help you want rubbing those nipples."
working on the car, or I’ll end up falling asleep, and then it’ll just be a pain in the ass because then I
"We just need to get your height and weight down," she said and motioned for him to step onto the scale.
Bruce's shoulders slumped a bit like that was the answer he hadn't been hoping for, and he said, "I don't actually have one, Tony. I'd have to call in a favor to get one here."
"Hey, did I say you were jerking off to it?" He shot a pointed look at Steve and said, "That was the poster on his wall."
Tony blinked, stopping in his tracks. "Are you—?" He looked first to Bruce and then to Steve. "Did she—?"
"It's not a big deal," Natasha said and rubbed his leg a little bit. "I won't think any less of you."
Tony rolled his eyes and slumped into the bed. "That's the whole point of the checkup here, Brucie. To find out what's wrong with me. Why do you have to be so difficult?"
been dead. He'd been very happily dead, frozen and buried in his cold, dark grave like he should have been from the moment he'd been born.
"Honestly? I probably could. But we just showered, and you very nicely cleaned up the bed, which is weird — are you feeling OK? — and I don't feel like getting messy again, so no, we're not going again."
love with Steve Rogers, and yeah, that means something. Because Captain America is righteous and courageous and mighty and strong and smart and perfect. Steve Rogers isn't. Steve Rogers has flaws — some that he'll never admit to himself. But Steve Rogers is a good man that only wants to do right by the people that he cares about. He makes mistakes, he has insecurities, and yeah, sometimes, he's a little old-fashioned. But he's sweet and he's caring and even if I think he'd rather get a root canal than say the actual words, I know he loves me."
"Like May-December romances?" Tony asked and shot him a look before he went back to sorting the gifts of various sizes and wrapping configurations.
But Steve just learned down some and pressed his cheek against Tony's so that their faces were side-by-side. "So?"
"Here goes nothing," he said and closed his eyes before he fanned the pages again and came to a stop. He pointed to a place on the page, and together, they looked to see where his finger had landed.
Steve tweaked a tight smile, but he went quiet, and Tony sat back a little and watched as he pulled the empty bottle away from the baby and set it on the table.
" Steve said, hoping to distract Tony and keep him from...drawing any more mental pictures of how 'tight' Steve's ass was. He appreciated the defense, but...he really didn't need to hear about how tight Tony thought his ass was.
Pepper bit her lip as she raked her gaze over Tony's face, but she frowned and said, "I don't know, Tony. I don't know if I can fight an injunction—"
"I guess 'cause we're your best pals, he thinks we'd know this sort of thing. I sat there until six- thirty with him sobbing snot into my shoulder all because of you."
Tony pulled out his phone, and Steve watched as he tapped his thumb against it at lightning speed. "Oh, Bruce won't be back for the rest of the day. Got caught up with a thing, as it turns out. Just gonna be the two of us." He peered up at Steve from under dark, feathery lashes as he stuck his phone back in his pocket. "I hope that won't be a problem."
But Cap just smiled, a soft, almost intimate kind of smile that he'd never once before directed at Tony. In fact, Tony didn't think he'd ever seen Cap direct that kind of smile at
The woman glanced down to Tony's smaller belly and said, "But your child is worth all that and more."
"Yeah, she can't stay here. None of her stuff's here. Hey, you want some eggs? Clearly, I can scramble eggs. Just don't ask for an omelette."
But he'd actually, not long before they'd started dating, asked Steve about his relationship with him and how he really felt for the guy, and he'd seen no reason for Steve to lie about it. They hadn't been dating then. There'd been nothing for him to lose. Steve had said Barnes was his best pal and the guy that had pulled him out of the fire more times than he could count. He'd said he'd owed that same courtesy to Barnes in return, but the one time Barnes had needed him to save him, he hadn't been able to. He'd failed his friend in a way that his friend had never failed him. And he knew that that was what drove Steve now to search out his friend. He needed to put right what had gone wrong. He couldn't hold that against the guy. He was certain if he was in Steve's position, he would have felt the same.
"What? Why?" He sat up again. "Oh, god, it really is a tumor, isn't it? Gun to my head, I didn't actually mean it before. I was kind of just saying it to be an ass. I didn't really think it was a tumor. But, oh, god, it's really a tumor, isn't it?" He pointed at Barton and Romanoff. "Breathe one word of this to Steve, and you're cut off."
"He didn't cry. He just stood there and nodded like he agreed with it. I thought it was what he wanted. He didn't fight me. He actually said,
Tony watched him a moment, the way he stood there with Olivia cradled so protectively against his chest, the way he swayed with her, the overwhelming love he exuded from every pore of his being, and his heart swelled at the image that they made. He could have easily fought Steve on that — what was there to thank him for, really? — but instead, warmed by the sight they made before him, he just nodded and said a simple and quiet, "You're welcome."
look for more." He looked up to where Steve now stood not too far from Bruce and said, "I'm going to assume that's your fault somehow."
Barnes grimaced. Tony would go so far as to say he wasn't convinced Tony's 'surprise' would be a good thing. "What kind of a surprise?" he asked, not even trying to hide his hesitance or unease.
Steve just inhaled a breath through his nose before he said, "I hear 'sucks' used a lot — I guess to mean something bad? Doesn't sound like it has anything to do with 'sucker.'"
"Yeah," he said, a little distantly then made a hesitant motion in a direction and said, "I'll be right back."
"I know, I— It's hard to explain." He then shrugged a little, smiled a bit, and said, "I like you with a cock, and I like you with a clit."
"Hey, look, we get it. You made your choice. You'd rather go with the people that are never here and she's completely unfamiliar with rather than, you know, the people that have been here since she was born—"
rape scene was in any way incidental to the plot. None of the previous ones had. "Well," he said after he decided the director just really had a thing for medieval rape fantasies, "she's not paying attention, and she's too young to really understand what's going on anyway. The better question is, should
"I don't...really have a lot of experience with kids," he said but couldn't fathom why. The less this Tony knew about him, the better.
Steve nodded, and Tony leaned forward and pressed his forehead against Steve's temple and closed his eyes.
Steve was busy inspecting one of the containers of formula and, judging by the unimpressed set of his mouth, wasn't quite happy with what he was seeing. He didn't respond in any way to the suggestion, which Tony assumed meant he wasn't listening, and he shook his head at the others and shoved them off and said that no, they were fine and they had other things to do, anyway.
Tony 'hmphed' and went back to rolling out his dough. "Well, maybe they should adopt one of their own."
He and Steve exchanged glances, Steve's look sad but supportive, before Tony turned back to them and said, "Well, seeing as the nutcase that did this to me is dead, and seeing as how — according to Thor — she's the only one that can turn me back." He exhaled a heavy and somewhat resigned breath. "Yeah, I guess I am."
He took a breath and struggled to his feet for an entirely different reason than he'd become accustomed to the past several months. He was achy and sore and fucking
"Yeah, but— Look, I know he's trying, and I know he's got his own shit to deal with, but making like the last seventy years never happened isn't gonna do shit for either one of us. Like I said, I think he's afraid that if we try to talk about anything other than what happened back then, we won't have anything to talk about. I don't know
Three perplexed sets of eyes stared at him — Rhodey was still busy with his phone — and he glowered and said, "Romanoff, don't even try it. I know for a fact you've shed a tear at that movie."
Bucky grinned and reached out to take her hand. "Yeah, last he saw of you I think was during your misguided emo-goth-chick phase," he said as he played with her fingers.
Tony reached out and grabbed Steve's tie, and he pulled himself up to a sitting position with it and said, "This goes, too," before he loosened it and pulled it away from him. They both worked at a frenzied pace to get the buttons undone on Steve's shirt before Steve just growled and ripped the damned thing open, buttons popping and pinging off various surfaces in the room.
"What? Why?" he asked and looked further down the bed where there looked to be one of those giant maxi-pads he'd spotted from before and…some sort of meshy-type underwear?
He sighed and thought back to that fight. "I don't know. I stepped out of the armor. I was checking on something. She was there. I didn't know she was there. We came face-to-face. She said something about me being bonded or having a bonded or something like that. Said she'd never known one so strong. Said it was a shame 'my kind' couldn't bear that love or something like that. It didn't make sense. She said something like, '
Pepper, who was cordial and sometimes even downright friendly to him, had reminded him of the Foundation's commitments to the annual charity ball that was in a week, and she stressed the importance of having the rest of the Avengers attend with him because the powers that be wanted to hobnob with the new superhero elite, and Tony detected only the tiniest amount of bitterness in her voice when mention of his team of misfits was made.
He'd fallen for him from the start, from the moment Tony had dragged him away from that frat party and into the city streets at eleven-thirty at night. He hadn't known Tony was only seventeen at the time; Tony gave a damned good impression of appearing older than he was, and the moment he'd found out, he'd put the kibosh on anything untoward happening until Tony had turned eighteen. Tony had been less than pleased with that and had threatened never to talk to Rhodey again.
Tony jumped up at the offending name. He glared at Steve, got right up in his face, and snapped, "I swear to
He swallowed, reminded himself that Tony was upstairs and safe, and said, "What are you doing here?"
"Nothing," Tony said with a sigh. "Look, I just drove three-and-a-half hours straight. I'm tired, and I'm going to bed." He waved an airy hand in their direction. "Keep on…keeping on. Whatever. I don't care. Goodnight."
The sudden tension dissipated, and Steve crouched down and gazed up at him, putting his hands atop Tony's arms.
"Could… Could say she died," Steve murmured and set the baby on his shoulder then began to pat her back, though as Tony leaned forward to catch a glimpse of Steve's face, he saw Steve was staring at the table ahead of him with a faraway look on his face.
He sat up a little, halfway through building a sandwich with the eggs, toast, and bacon, and he watched some images flash on the screen from previous gala events that he'd attended with the other Avengers.
made his way over to the elevator, vision blurring from the tears. He blinked them away, snuffling and pushing his hair out of his face as he did so. "Paying you to do."
"Tony, she lives in Brooklyn," Natasha said, not even bothering to hide the fretful frown on her face. "Unless she's walking across the Brooklyn Bridge, she's not getting into the city. The roads are jammed, the tunnels are closed, and clearly the subways aren't working."
Steve was so damned sick of being cold all the time. There was a little girl with wispy blonde hair and brown eyes that had squealed in delight when she'd laid eyes on him and called him 'Daddy.' Steve always hoped, deep down, he would have the chance to have a family of his own.
," he muttered. "'Safe and well-cared for' sounds like a potted plant, J. Hey, question. Did any of the others know about Steve's and my little trip down to the license bureau today?"
Which was fine because evidently that was the moment that Tony realized there was something... off...about their current situation, and with a slight amount of panic rising in his voice, he said, "Steve? Why do I sound funny?"
The car stopped, and the doors opened to his lab. The lights were dim; JARVIS must have closed up shop without being told to do so after Tony had left...
"Yeah, all right, fine. But my point is that we — all of us — can help him. Can help try to acclimate him. Can try to pull him back from the brink and get him some semblance of a life back. You're not Atlas, Steve. You don't have to take the entire world on your shoulders, no matter how much it feels like you do sometimes. No one's expecting you to 'save' Barnes alone. No one wants you to do it alone. And — again, you know how much I love you — in a way, I think Wilson might be able to help him a bit more than you. He's a counselor — he's a vet counselor. You want to talk a vet that's going to have some massive PTSD? I mean, outside of you? Because you took a seventy-year ice-nap and then you woke up and kicked ass against aliens and evil government agencies. You've always fought the good fight. He didn't. He has to reconcile being used as a pawn, as a weapon for seventy years, and having no control over any of those things that he did. The Winter Soldier made me an orphan, and I know I piss and moan about being turned into a woman and getting knocked up by a certain super soldier that shall remain nameless, but that is
Steve looked at the black surface of the box and shook his head. "Not right now." He turned back to Tony. "What did you mean when you said I wouldn't let you install Friday here? What's that?"
