Sherlock nodded. "Anything, John."
Sherlock thinks about his continuous nightmares that occur every time he attempts to sleep, and suppresses a shudder. "I'm not tired." He lies as his turns his gaze to the window.
They were so involved in pushing through the code screens that they didn't even see the blinking red light from the motion sensor in the corner.
The detective snapped, ripping his arm from his best friend's grip and whipping around to tower over him. "What do you care, anyway? You got what you wanted." He knew the statement was harsh, he knew it the moment that the hurt touched John's steel like eyes, but this was no longer about avoiding the question, and more now about getting John Watson out of his flat. It was the truth, though, John got what he wanted, his wife, his unborn daughter, he got what he wanted, which was a normal life with Sherlock on the side.
"I'm not leaving you behind!"
The Ukrainian looked up toward the stairs, then back to him. "If my calculations are correct, you're going to need this." She said, pushing the weapon into his hands. "Hopefully you won't have to use it, hopefully I'm wrong, but you might, and I don't want you to be unarmed." She took another Grach out of the backpack on the ground. She cocked the weapon, then approached Sherlock and put a hand on his arm, curling her fingers around his bicep. "Okay, look, I texted Mary and said you broke out of your restraints, and stole my gun, so, I need you to go out and hide somewhere close, but nowhere she'll see you."
Eventually, Sherlock just stops trying to sleep. That seems easier than dreaming.
John looks almost offended. "Of course I do." He replies immediately.
"I'm sorry, sir, there was only one ambulance which came from that area. There's no one that fits the description."
come alone. Police should be no less than twenty minutes behind you, I do suggest you send an ambulance along. It is so very important that you do not come with officers. Mary is already on her way, and if she suspects trouble, she'll kill him, so, you must come alone. Understood?" She spoke quickly and urgently, just like one in the midst of a war would speak.
"Your daughter is just fine, Dr. Watson. You'll be able to see her in a little while, the doctors are just doing a few minor check ups to make sure."
Effie locked her jaw, and took a careful step forward so that she was half covering Sherlock's body with her own. "Mary," She warned gently. "I'm giving you a chance here, so I need you to put the gun down on the floor, then step away."
Mycroft lowers the magazine just enough for Sherlock to see his eyes shoot to his face, but he says nothing as Sherlock reaches for the cup of half melted ice chips on the table. beside him, and he soon goes back to his reading.
The last few months since my last update have been insane. My family is an on-again-off-again mess, more or less in shambles on occasion, leaving me working two jobs to support my siblings, plus, my car broke down, so I've been working almost every day to get up the money to fix it. On top of all of this, due to my fucked up family, my mental health hasn't been the greatest, and I just honestly haven't been able to find the motivation to write anything for a long time. There's been a lot of reading, but I can't feel inspired, and it's been really rough just to sit and write. I know it's a shitty excuse, but it's true.
Jim's blood began to boil, and he clinched his hands into fists. "This isn't funny, dammit. He's smart, okay, smarter than me, smarter than Sherlock Holmes, and he's dangerous."
He nodded, although it wasn't entirely truthful. He and Sebastian had been together for months before the divorce, but Seb had been planning to leave her for a long time. But, there was no reason for Dana Carlisle to know that. It wasn't her business.
Okay, so, you're probably sick of hearing this from me, but I'm going to say it again, because I feel fucking awful, and you guys deserve an explanation. Whether you choose to accept it as an excuse is up to you, but I feel terrible, so here goes.
"You're having second thoughts then, you regret this?"
Dana shrugged. "Maybe so, but I'm still going to see them. Did I tell you he wiped my record?" She asked with a grin.
Effie looked confused, and he recognized the look as his 'isn't it obvious' look. "Because... She's pregnant. Come on, mate, even you can see that."
"But, do you think that he's
Sherlock did as he was told, and ran quickly to the pipe fixtures by the wall, and hid behind them. It wasn't a very good hiding place, but the shadows hid him well, and it was only temporary. He looked between the fixtures and watched with a perfect view as Effie kept her gun drawn, and her back near the wall, ready to fire when needed. Her face was a perfect mask of well contained fury, and Sherlock was almost impressed.
"There's nothing new to say, Seb." The consulting criminal replied. "He wants me to help him take down Sherlock Holmes, and I need to do it, because he knows that I have something in the world to lose now, and he wouldn't mind taking it away from me."
"You're not making this better."
Seb only laughed and leaned down to kiss his husband. "Dana and Irene will be here in a bit." He said, going back to the stove.
To his surprise, John let out a laugh. It wasn't bitter, it wasn't strained, it was a pure, so very John laugh, that it melted a barrier in Sherlock's heart. The doctor looked over at him with a light, questioning look. "Sherlock, if you apologize to me one more time, I'll have to hurt you." He said, smiling up at him.
The other side of his mind said. That was enough for him. Sherlock swallowed down the remainder of his doubts, and nodded. "What do I have to do?"
Effie nodded at him, then crouched down to rock back on the balls of her feet. He avoided her eyes, but he saw her hands start to pull at the restraints that held his hands to the chair, and immediately looked up. She smiled at him, giving him her best
"The whole 'dinner and a murder' thing?"
The detective lets out an irritated whine, and tries not to argue with his brother. He's too tired to do that. "Fine." He mutters, annoyed. "Now get out, I want to sleep."
He went into the kitchen and started to make coffee, then made his way back to the bedroom where his partner was still asleep, and slipped out onto the balcony where his phone, an empty bottle of Macallan from 1928, and their drinking glasses still sat on the table. He couldn't help but smile.
The elder Holmes looks at him over his magazine again, then closes it with a sigh, throws it on the table, and scrubs a hand down his face. "About two weeks."
Sherlock wanted to be angry. He wanted to blame someone, the maintenance people for not fixing the clock, the traffic for not stopping quick enough, the people who built Bart's for not building it closer, the army for not allowing John more time, anyone he could be angry at silently. But, in the end, he knew it was his fault, and there was no one to blame but himself. He wondered if John was mad at him for missing it.
"John, stop, please!"
John shook the pain out of his hand, and stepped around Greg to pace again. "Whoever left this file was a woman. She obviously has something against Mary, but I'm not sure if she's trying to help us or not. She left me this to find, but there's been absolutely no sign of her. I want to believe that she's helping us, but after everything I've seen tonight, I can't help but feel that I should be skeptical. I don't want to take any chances with Sherlock, especially if Mary..." His throat became tight, and he had to look away for a minute.
"Yes, you are!" Jim shouted, his voice raising hysterically. "You're just mad at me, and you're trying to scare me!"
In the midst of all of his staring, he doesn't notice that John suddenly freezes where he stands, until the water is turned off, and John is turning around. For the briefest, most terrifying moment of Sherlock's life, he sees John's face, and thinks he doesn't recognize him, with the dead eyes that seems to bore holes in his face, looking through him, not at him. John looks good, for being three years older, if not just exhausted, but for a long time, his face doesn't change. Not even a little.
have seen in the history of forever. I actually think it's rather funny that Mary seems to always fall for gay, blonde soldiers that are in love with dark haired geniuses. It's quite-"
The doctor chuckles to himself, but heeds the request, and makes his way back to the large bed. Sherlock almost immediately wraps his arms around his chest when he covers himself with the sheets again, which makes his chest feel warm as he continues to trace patterns on his arm.
He hears the water running and the humming of Chuck Berry the moment he enters the flat.
With careful steps, the doctor crossed the living room into the kitchen where he pulled the scissors out of the drawer. He struggled to get them down far enough over the ropes without slicing his skin, but eventually, he was able to cut the twine. Once the twine was slit, he threw the scissors down on the counter, and unraveled his hands.
Sherlock was trying
Sherlock tries to smile, but for some reason, it hurts. "When can I get out of here?" He asks.
flat, in
Married life.
Why those words? Why that message? Why would the kidnapper give him this? His best friend had been taken and could be dying, perhaps adding insult to injury was what they were trying to do. Make him sore and crack.
The man is used to quiet, normally, he prefers it, but this... This is a new type of quiet.
to keep himself calm.
"Of course I do. I love you too."
Just as Mycroft asked the question, the cab stopped outside of 221B. John quickly paid the fare and got out of the cab. "I'm at the flat. I'm going to look around. I may not be brilliant like you or Sherlock, but I can try." He answered as he stomped up the stairs, taking them two at a time. "There must be something I'm missing."
Sherlock held up his weapon, the barrel of the gun pointing directly at Mary. "You really should have killed me when you had the chance."
"Of course, I can."
killing you. It would have destroyed John, so she took the guilt-free road."
"Sherlock!" John yelled, pulling him out of his daze.
His whole body ached from the kicking and everything else he had been through while being kidnapped. The air around him was hot, much too hot, and he could feel sweat seeping into a cut on his right cheek, the saltiness making it burn.
"I'm... not sure." He lies, though he isn't sure why he lies.
Sherlock felt the ex-Navy Seal tense up from behind him, and he could practically hear the grinding of his teeth. "Stay right where you are, Dr. Watson! I'll kill him, I swear!"
"Well, between your dangerously high fever, raging infection, severe dehydration, cracked ribs, slight blood loss, and the remainder of the more minor injuries, I'm honestly surprised you managed to walk five miles in the desert and still be alive." Mycroft replies rather bitterly.
The Ukrainian gasped and choked for air as she grabbed hopelessly at the wound. It was under the vest, it had been a perfect enough shot to break through the soft, side material and enter her body. "Fucking snipers, man." She hissed, just as Sherlock tried to hold her up.
The robber sighed and silently apologized for what they were about to do.
"You're thirty two years old, you're from the Ukraine but you were raised in England. You used to work for Central Intelligence, but now you've gone freelance. You're a very experienced contract killer and spy, and you've just returned from a mission in Calcutta, judging by the fading tan lines." He answered in a single breath, not intending to stop. "You're unmarried, no children, no parents, and no siblings. I know if I were to lift up the left sleeve of your shirt you'd have a tattoo on your forearm. You're ambidextrous, but you primarily use your right hand with weapons, although you use your left when you write, I can see the remains of what looks like purple ink on your left hand, meaning your wrote something in a hurry with purple ink, and you didn't quite wash the ink off of your hand. You wear
SO, for now, please enjoy this chapter, and I hope it lives up to your standards until I can write more. As always, I love you all so much, and I hope you enjoy!!
"No!" He protested quickly. "No, I'd... I'd love you to come home. Both of you." Sherlock could have cried in that moment, just at the very idea of John finally, finally coming home after all of that time.
"No, of course not." Emi says, making him feel silly for worrying. "Your secret is safe with me, Mr. Holmes, don't you fret."
And that's more than alright with him.
The soldier studied him for a few minutes more, than shook his head, and got to his feet. "You're lucky I'm crazy about you, James Moriarty."
It was on a Tuesday.
His mind is still a tad blurry around the edges of the details, but other than that, he's not in as much pain as he was.
He thought.
Mary's eyes widened, and she stepped back, nearly stumbling over her own feet in shock. Her eyes flickered between the Ukrainian and her intended target, horrified by the sudden change. The gun wavered as her hand began to shake. "Effie!" She gasped, painfully. "What are you... How could you..." She stuttered, unable to get out a coherent sentence. "I... I
Effie was gone.
Somewhere in the conversation, Mary screamed to Effie that she couldn't do this because she was already five days past her due date, she had to be home in case she went into labour, and that John would give up looking soon and head home. "Well, you should have killed him months ago, for fuck's sake!" Effie shot back furiously, in English this time.
The Tall One laughs. "You should have never left." He says, accent thick around his words. "Now you're going to make me kill him."
He thought.
John gazed up at him, and smiled. "You don't have to say anything right now. We've got forever to figure it out." Then, he looked away, just as a rosy pink color flooded his cheeks. "I uh... I have a question for you, and it's a bit embarrassing, but I'm curious. When did you first realize that you..." The doctor blushed harder, unable to finish his sentence.
"I mean that my record is completely clear. According to them, I work for the Secret Service. I know it was his brother's doing, but, it's still wiped clear. I don't know why he did it, he just did."
Sherlock looked down at the envelope that was still gripped on his hand, analyzing it again. It was heavy, obviously expensive paper, with no return address, like she had said, although it was addressed to both John and Sherlock in purple ink. John had recognized the handwriting before Sherlock had time to look at the letter properly.
"Woman like her? Who knows."
per se, if you were to somehow to get out of your death, and offered her a hell of a lot of money to do it. I think he was actually testing her, to be completely honest, little Miss. Mary had gotten on his bad side, so he also threatened to expose her complete if she didn't complete the job in a reasonable fashion. Now, Mary knew the moment you were gone that you had faked it. We all knew. So, what better way to get through to you than marry your doctor?"
He needs a destruction.
The detective turned back to his boyfriend in horror. "No, I'm not leaving you here!" He shot back, once again go crouching down to try to pull his boyfriend out from underneath the metal trap.
John looked up at him, and gave him a sad, understanding smile. He didn't say anything, but he squeezed back. Suddenly, he looked away as tears filled his eyes, and then he was on his feet, storming away toward the balcony, leaving Sherlock's hand feeling cold.
Sebastian suddenly became really quiet, and he froze where he was, his eyes locked onto his partner's face.
The Tall One laughs. "I should have never let you go." He raises the knife, and sends it plunging down into the detective's abdomen.
Just the words 'double homicide' sent a familiar chill down John Watson's spine. One he loved. One he felt guilty about, but secretly adored. "So, who did it? Sounds like a hate crime." He offered.
He dropped his head, and looked down into the dim orange glow of the cigarette, and he had a sudden flashback to the fire, and in a state of panic, and all but slammed it into the ashtray, and jumped to his feet, running his shaking hands through his thick black curls.
TL;DR, My fucking life is a fucking disaster, and I am a shitty author.
Mary's expression changed from confusion to shock. She didn't seem to understand what she was hearing. "Are you..."
Sherlock, of course had rolled his eyes, but in the end, his heart has hit his rib cage at the sight of John in his military fatigues, holding all of his bags, ready to board a plane that would take his boyfriend from him for God knew how how long. He didn't cry, he had promised himself that much, not even when John hugged him one last time before walking to his gate. Sherlock had memorized what his arms felt like, just for when the nights alone became too much. He had watched John grab his bags and walk down his gate with the others, and it had taken everything Sherlock had to not run down the gate like some sort of big airport proposal like they always did in the films.
He didn't have to wait long for his friend to show up. After about ten minutes of waiting, the detective made his way through the doors of the pub, removed his gloves and searched for John over the crowd. He looked a bit uncomfortable, but perhaps it was just the setting. "Sherlock!" John called out to him.
Emi laughs, and lets him go.
"I'd rather you didn't."
He passed a hand over his face, and looked up toward the mantel where the letter still sat against Billy the Skull. After four months, he still hadn't read it. John never mentioned it, and neither did he. He had been actively avoiding that letter, though, it was days like this, right after a Skype call when the loneliness crept up from the walls and the floorboards of 221B Baker Street and engulfed him in. He hadn't been alone like this since before he met John Watson.
John, who seemed to have the same idea, smiled brightly, his big, cobalt colored eyes gleaming with tears. He dropped his gaze, not wanting to look at Sherlock for too long, but it was easy to see that he was smiling. "It won't be easy in the beginning, I know that, but... I know what I want, and I know that we'll be okay. I don't have faith in many things, but I have faith in you." He murmured, curling his fingers around Sherlock's own, and squeezing them tightly within his own.
Taking that as his cue, Sherlock stepped out from the shadows that hid him, fixing his eyes on Mary. "She's right, you know." He said.
Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath, while the rest of his body suddenly feels shocked full of electricity. "So, you mean... It's over?" He whispers, unable to believe it himself.
"I so could."
The blonde's face changed very briefly, but she quickly smiled. "Oh, good, good. I'll catch you at home then?"
Life moves slowly, and everything is always quiet, it seems.
John smirked and grabbed his coat. "I guess I could take just
She shrugged. "Isn't that enough? I like Mary, Sherlock, but she's an animal, darling, and she needs a cage. She caused too many problems for a lot of people, didn't follow orders, and people got burned."
John took a deep breath and got down on his knees in front of the chair, still holding Sherlock's hand tightly with his own. He offered him a smile, one that he knew melted Sherlock's heart like ice in the sunlight. "If there is one thing in the world I have learned in my years as a doctor, I've learned that you can't always win. Okay, sure, Dana Carlisle did get the better of us, but, she did it for you. And, look what that got us, yeah? Moriarty is retired, married, and never coming back. We got the baby, and I personally think we're doing just fine, not to mention the best part."
Sebastian took a step back and sat down on the bed, hanging his head. His shoulders were shaking ever so slightly, and all Jim wanted to do was reach out and hold him, tell him he was staying... He suddenly looked up, and there were tears in his eyes as well. "Come away with me. Fuck Magnussen, fuck Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, all of that shit. We'll pack up and we'll just go. Anywhere, I don't care where, but we'll go somewhere else, and we won't have to do this anymore." He seemed to be almost pleading with the consulting criminal. He sounded so broken, so terrified for the first time since he and Jim had met. It was terrifying.
Sherlock wakes out of another nightmare to the feeling of someone shaking his shoulder, and his eyes snapped open, just as someone pulls away from him at an almost alarming speed. He pushes himself up a little too quickly with a loud gasping sound as he grabs at his stomach for the wound, like he always does when he wakes up, but as always, he finds none.
John's arms tightened around him. "I'll even come home tonight, if you want, but I need you to promise me something." His voice had suddenly gone grave, not like the way it was before.
Terror, real, gut-wrenching terror welled up behind his heart, and he thought back to every moment where he had been saved by John Watson, every criminal they chased, every murder they solved, every single moment with John Watson, and every single time he could have lost him, but never did. John Watson couldn't leave him.
"Shhhhh..." John covers his mouth again. "Delete it."
Twelve nights later, Sherlock turned off the light.
That got Sebastian to laugh. "Us? Irresponsible? I'm almost insulted."
"Sherlock?" He called out, his voice rough.
"Why not?"
Jim let out a breathless laugh. "Oh, Sebastian, behave yourself." He chided, although he was secretly thrilled.
John laughs and catches his hand. "Ex-soldiers do."
"No! God, no, Sherlock. Not in the slightest!"
John groans and reaches up to cover his eyes.
"Because, I'm doing an experiment and I need the temperature to stay the same, so don't open it."
Sherlock hated to agree with that statement, but, John was right. "She fooled everyone. Even me." He couldn't help but sound a bit disappointed.
Sherlock thought bitterly, then placed the letter back up against the skull. He didn't want to read it now.
"John isn't gay." Sherlock interrupted. As much as he wished he was wrong, he knew it was true.
There was a pause and the sound of shuffling in the background before Sherlock spoke again. "Is everything alright?"
Sherlock swallowed hard. "I-I didn't mind." He stuttered.
"No, stay here with the baby, but keep an eye out for her." The detective shot back over his shoulder as he rand own the steps and out the front entrance to hail a cab.
"So... When you say you have a debt to pay..."
John sighs. "No, no, it's not you. It's all me, Sherlock."
what it feels like to be home. Because here, standing in
John nodded. "Would you like me to come with you?" He asked.
be happy.
"That I fancied you?" He asked, felting the heat rush to his face as well. He looked ahead toward the stars as he remembered. "I don't remember actually."
The last patient was simple, just some stitches for wound that the old lady received from a garden tool, nothing he couldn't handle. Once she had gone, John was packing up his things and Mary decided to come in, all dressed in her overly bright red pea coat, her purse on her arm. "Ready to go?" She asked in her normal chipper voice.
The day John Watson left for Afghanistan, he made Sherlock promise him that he would be kind to himself.
After the case, the husbands arrive back home, breathless and heads spinning from the high, and they barely make in up the steps before they're stripping off cloths and gasping for one another while they collapse onto the bed, neither one completely certain how they made it to the bedroom. They sink into the covers, savoring every inch of each other's bodies, savoring every breath, every gentle brush of skin... This has very little to do with sex. This has very little to do with being rough and holding back screams as they sometimes had to do. This was about the closeness of their physical bodies, and wanting to be connected in every way they possibly could be. They were together, emotionally, mentally, legally, of course, but this, this was about the feeling that rushed through the bloodstream at every passionate touch when their atoms sparked and every brush felt like a fire. This was about taking each other apart piece by piece, and filling the space with their pure love and devotion for one another. This was about reminding one another that this, being together, was not chimerical. Not anymore.
Sherlock tries to ignore the panicked fluttering of his heart. "Oh? What did you tell her?"
The soldier rolled his eyes. "There's no one here but us, boss." Sebastian leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to his partner's lips, the rough stubble on his chin scratching Jim's face, but he didn't mind.
"Fuck, I don't know." John grumbles as he scrubs a hand over his face. "I don't know, I guess I'm having a bit of a hard time with it. Coming out now."
John laughed to himself. "Yes, Sherlock, just the two of us."
"Is Effie still in surgery?" Sherlock asked as he realized how long it had been.
Sebastian hesitated, then pulled back, and ran a hand through his hair. No one knew about their secret relationship, as they both agreed to keep him private to protect one another from people like him in the first place. "How did he find out?"
The feeling of John's hand against his cheek was so soft and so warm, and he realized how close he was to losing the only thing that made him feel alive.
I hope to hear from you guys some more!
"Okay, okay." Seb backed off, and bit at his lip. "Look, Jim, before this even started, you told me that you were going to leave Sherlock Holmes alone, because he was no threat. Whatever Magnussen wants from him is-"
John passed a hand over his face. He was tired. He was angry. He was hoping to god the damn cabbie would hurry up. "Just what I said, Mycroft." He grumbled.
"Alright, you berk, I've got to go. I'll talk to you in a few days, alright?"
Sherlock never thought that John's deployment would hit him this hard.
It never does.
Mycroft nods to her. "Thank you, Miss. Emilia. You've been incredibly helpful to a delicate situation. Trust that the British government, myself included, will be seeing that you are well taken care of." He promises with as much kindness as he can muster.
But, the doctor didn't stop. "Sherlock, when I move back to Baker St., I will kiss you like that every single fucking day." He promised.
Dana raised and lowered one shoulder. "Not a fucking clue. I'm a problem solver, not a genius. Not like you, anyway."
Sherlock doesn't dare move.
Sherlock suddenly stopped in his tracks. He stared down into John's eyes, which were cold and hard, and full of such intensity that Sherlock couldn't move.
John's gaze hardened, but he ignored the dismiss. "You can't...
He nods in a promise, then smirks at his brother over her shoulder. "Be careful, I think my brother's going to try to recruit you."
Also, this is the last official chapter of the story, but, there will be a short epilogue, which I hope you all will enjoy, and it will definitely wrap up the story.
"John?" Sherlock's voice croaks from behind him.
Greg ignored her question, and waved her away, turning around to meet her concerned eyes. "Go get John and Sherlock on the phone. Do it
He remembered it was a Tuesday because he always hated Tuesdays, and this happened to be the most interesting Tuesday of his life.
this John.
"Where's John?"
Twenty-seven and a half minutes later, Jim and Sebastian were out in the living room of their penthouse, the mess in the bedroom forgotten, when the doorbell rang. The soldier got up quickly, and opened the door, a soft, almost cheeky smile spread across his face. "You coming my way, doll?" He asked playfully.
The figure slipped silently across the room and typed in the code to the miniature vault (that had been built to look like a computer hard drive) that was attached under the desk which contained over one hundred billion pounds in bearer bonds from the United States, which is where the bank insisted in storing them for safe keeping. An abnormally stupid error for a bank, and especially stupid for a bank that was supposed to have the highest security in all of London. A small smile pulled at the figure's lips, and in the reflection of the metal door, they could see their own eyes smiling back at them with a mischievous glint.
familiar voice of Mary Morstan, followed by an equally snippy response from Effie Taras. Sherlock's dodgy Russian didn't do much help, but he could, in fact tell that Mary was furious about Effie losing track of him, and Effie was doing her best to argue back with her and explain how it happened in the first place. Mary came down the steps, and Sherlock was surprised to see that she was actually dressed in street clothes, her swollen, pregnant belly quite visible under the too large grey jumper. She was carrying a gun, the very gun she used to shoot Sherlock with, it was cradled almost lovingly in her right hand. Sherlock felt sick again just seeing her, especially like this.
"Dr. Watson." She warned.
He takes a deep breath and bits at his lip while he comes up with something to say. "Being bi is a lot different than being gay. That sort of thing is okay when you're younger. You're allowed to play the field and do what you want, but it suddenly becomes weird when you're past thirty. You're expected to be over that sort of thing and settle down with a nice person, and have children, because everyone believes you're straight, you're just having fun. Everyone starts to look at you weird if you're still...
Sherlock said nothing.
to miss John.
The doctor drops his keys and wallet on the table where he always leaves them and gets down on his knees to pick up his daughter and kiss his husband. The toddler shouts nonsense noises at him for the next few minutes and he just agrees with everything she thinks she's saying while he makes a cup of tea for himself. His husband laughs and prepares food for the child. They already agreed to order Angelo's home tonight, but, that'll be later.
"Do explain, John."
Jim nodded, pulling each bottle out. "Barbera d'Asti for Irene and I, because we're classy, Verdicchio for you and Dana, because you're weird." He teased gently, placing both bottles on the counter.
He reminds himself.
John studied his face for a moment longer, as if he were looking for a way to word what he was trying to say, his eyes not once leaving Sherlock's face. The detective suddenly felt like he was being silently praised, and that John was saying a lot without really saying anything at all. He tried to look down. "Hey, no, don't do that." John chided gently as he caught his chin and made him look up at him again, though this time he was smiling. "I need you to promise me that you'll never, ever use ever again. I don't care what it's for, but I need you to promise me that you'll never touch that stuff ever again."
That doesn't mean that he doesn't hate it.
"I love you too."
"How?"
The detective furrowed his eyebrows. "Not good?"
"Oh, I will." Sherlock replied. "Unless of course... You'd like to come take a look at the cases with me. Just to look. You'd be home before midnight."
Jim gave him a look. "Who are you calling?"
Before going to bed that night, Sherlock took one more look at the letter, and shook his head before closing the door to his bedroom, and ignoring it once again.
He thought.
Sherlock was speechless.
"John?" Mary called to him. "Mrs. Keller is here."
From somewhere in the distance, there was a light chuckle that sent a shiver down his spine. "Wakey wakey, Sherlock Holmes." The voice crooned.
He didn't seem to have a response for that, except for the small, but noticeable smile on his face. "I uh... I don't want to go back to my flat after this." He said simply.
"Because I know how much you're struggling." John replied, his voice tired and heavy. He suddenly looked old, much older than his forty years, which Sherlock hated seeing. "I spent so much time trying to protect you and keep you from destroying yourself, that I didn't realize that I was part of the reason for it."
The detective sighed. "I should have known, though. I should have figured this out sooner. I just... I didn't want to believe it."
His good dreams turn into nightmares again very quickly.
The soldier shrugged. "Sure thing. Lots of cream, lots of sugar, right, dollface?" He asked, turning toward the kitchen.
Married Life.
John forced his unwilling eyes to open, and was momentarily blinded by the lighting of the room. He quickly clamped them shut again and hurled himself forward, realizing he was strapped to something on the ground. He was beginning to gain the feeling back in his wrists, and he could feel the restraints holding his hands bellow him to the wooden chair he was sitting in. It felt like rope. His mind continued to swim, but he tried to organize his thoughts. The next few minutes were very important.
The detective bit the inside of his mouth. "So it would seem."
The jealous pang returned to Jim's heart. "Yes, but why is she
He did not sleep that night.
Life for him was normal. He worked almost daily at the clinic now, he was helping people like he wanted to, like he had trained to do, but nothing would ever compare to the 'world's-only-consulting-detective's-assistant' job that he had over-indulged himself in on more than one occasion. He loved his job, he did, there was no denying that, but, he missed solving cases. He didn't want to admit it, and if Mary asked, he would deny it until the day he died, but, he missed it. It was impossible to tell if Mary was okay with the idea of him going back to it, especially after the Moriarty scare. She seemed to have no opinion on the subject, but of course, he'd never ask her, just in case she wasn't. She asked about the detective, sure, but she knew as well as he did that there was no telling.
And before Sherlock has a second to stop him, a gunshot rings out through 221B, drowning out his screams as John's body crumples to the floor at his feet, his blood spattered all over his feet-
"Sherlock!" John shouted at him as more of the building began to crumble. "Sherlock, you need to get out of here!"
Sherlock glanced back at the burning building, his eyes fixed on the flames. "He... He told me to go." He whispered, unable to say any more than that. He stood there, waiting for John to come out of the flames.
Tears filled his eyes, and he dropped his head, then sank back down onto the bed with his head rested on John's chest. He could feel the bandages on his chest, probably because of the burns, and he let out a deep, shuddering breath. "I thought you were gone." He whispered.
"Nice to see you too." John replied as he gave his best friend a once over. He didn't seem to have changed too much since they saw each other last, his dark, bouncy curls sitting in ringlets on top of his head, although it was a bit longer than it was the last time they met up. He was as clean shaven as always, but Sherlock always had impeccable personal hygiene. He was still way too skinny, and John felt the urge to repeat his natural habit of asking him when the last time he ate was, but he didn't want to ruin the moment. It wasn't that important right now. "How've you been?"
Molly, who was doing an internship at the morgue, had tried to sympathize with him earlier in the day, but having a police officer for a boyfriend was a lot different than having a soldier for a boyfriend. At least Greg was still home for Christmas, and didn't miss anniversaries because he was off saving the world. It was very different.
"It doesn't make any sense, John. Why would these guys take the time to bring you back to Baker St., but take him somewhere else?"
They were his and Sherlock's moments to share.
"Would you rather me lie?" He asked, gazing up at his partner with tired eyes. His body suddenly felt heavy, and he was so tired, he could barely think. "It wouldn't change my decision, but at least you could leave thinking that I never loved you in the first place, which would hurt less."
John Watson should definitely be a reason to make him happy.
Dana Carlisle grinned. "Bassy forgot to mention my best quality. I solve problems, and I solve them well. He called and said you have a big one. I'm here to help."
Sherlock. Effie's alive and... And
John repeats, sounding winded.
Stevie
When the detective turned to face her, he noticed she was holding out a MP-443 Grach handgun, identical to her own. He eyed it suspiciously. "Why are you giving this to me?" He asked.
Jim looked up at his penthouse with a sigh. He got out of the car, paying no mind to the rain that fell down in buckets, soaking his shoes and trousers, and was surprised to find that the door was already unlocked.
Mycroft nodded, then dropped his gaze.
Jim's heart was racing, and his breath was coming in short, painful gasps. For once, he couldn't think, he couldn't rely on his deduction skills, he couldn't read Sebastian... For the moment, he just panicked. "Please tell me you're lying." He pleaded weakly. "Please. I don't care if you're mad at me, just... Please, tell me you're lying. Please."
He wishes they would.
Mary died of her injuries on the operation table at 11:47 P.M. despite the doctors' best attempts to revive her.
When their eyes met, Sherlock saw that they were filled with tears, and he tried to remember how to breathe.
The figure in black finished slipping the last of the bearer bonds into the sleek back pack that they had brought along, and slid it over their shoulders, ready to run. They closed the vault door, and got to their feet, ignoring the weight of the paper on their back and stepping back toward the window. A soft curse stained their lips when they saw the police below, and they began to run the other way, knowing that the police were probably on their way up already. They had miscalculated.
Mary Watson went into emergency surgery when they arrived at the hospital. Her wounds were severe, and she had lost enough blood already. They had two choices, either patch up the bullet wounds and save Mary, or save the baby via C-Section and lose Mary. In the end, they attempted both, patching up the bullet wounds as best they could until they could do further surgery, while in the meantime, they performed the Caesarean section to save the baby.
I'm back again! This one is really short, and I apologize, but, the next one is really long, so I hope that'll make up for it. I might even put up chapter seven too!
love more than just women, but no one believes that. Sometimes... Sometimes staying in the closet is easier when you're old like me." He pauses, and gazes back over at his partner, who has gone silent. He knows he looks tired, he can feel it. "Would you want someone like that?"
"Hey."
And then, he looked up, and his world stopped.
call me that again." He all but snarled, biting back his rage. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Sebastian glaring at him, but this infuriating woman was getting on his nerves.
"Of course. I keep my promises, Dr. Watson."
Alright, guys, this is it. I know this epilogue is short, but, I chose not to make it long. This was a lot of fun to write, I had a great time doing it, and I'm glad that everyone who read it enjoyed it.
Seb smirked. "I hoped so."
Laughter. "You
Sherlock froze. His heart did a little jump, and he looked back over at his beloved army doctor, his face for sure turning red. "You..." He tried. "You want to come home... With me?" He was almost amazed at how strong his voice sounded, but he was more impressed with how easily the word 'home' slipped out of his mouth.
Not yet.
John Watson sighed, and passed a hand over his tired face. "Yeah, I do have a wife. A wife I barely know, and that I haven't loved for the last few months."
The doctor gave him a smug look. "I managed to pull myself out of the wreckage, and took shelter in the basement until it was clear enough to get out. It took a while, but they finally found me, unconscious and in pain, and they took me to the hospital. There was no major damage done to me. Mycroft tried to get ahold of you, but you never answered. That's why I came home. I was worried sick about you." John finished, reaching up and stroking his boyfriend's cheek.
He nodded. "Yeah, don't wait up though. Love you." He said hurriedly as he kissed her goodbye.
"You fucking know what." Sherlock rasped.
Effie Taras approached him carefully, with footsteps that were oddly quiet, despite the fact that she was wearing heavy boots that were undoubtedly steel toed. She reached out towards his face, tracing the cut on his cheek with the icy tips of her finger. She didn't touch the cut, but the contact alone was enough to make him shiver. "Ooh, what a nasty cut." She murdered, her voice strangely gentle, like a mother nurturing a child. "I do hope my men weren't too rough with you, Sherlock, it wasn't my intent. I did ask them to be gentle, but you know how henchmen are." She winked.
Sherlock's heart skipped.
did he want to.
The detective's heart jumped. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"I'm fine." He snapped, pushing past her and stomping out of the bedroom. "I'm going back to Baker St. Stay here. If anyone knocks at the door, hide. If anyone comes in, shoot them down." He ordered, leaving her in the dust as he slammed the door behind him. When he got back in the cab, he quickly called the one person who he knew could help him.
did-but he would be nice to him for once, just for John's sake.
John seemed shocked. "What are you talking about? You think I'd lie to you about that?"
"But, what-"
"Sherlock, stop it." John commanded, though it wasn't like the normal soldier's order. It was soft and kind, and so much like John that it made the detective's stomach flip. John smiled at him, and caressed his cheek, wiping the moisture from his skin. "It's okay." His voice was no louder than a whisper. "Just stop." And before Sherlock could even register it, John pressed a soft kiss to his lips, and pulled away, leaving the detective in shock, though his heart felt like it was going to explode right out of his chest.
There was a pause. John was silent for quite a few minutes, then he sighed, and dropped his head. "Actually... I uh... I was wondering if... Well, maybe I could come back to Baker St."
Dana Carlisle nodded, and reached out to squeeze his arm. "Just leave it all to me, boys. Soon enough, you'll be be living life in domestic bliss." She got to her feet and placed her sunglasses back over eyes, gave both of them a playful smirk. "You'll be hearing from me." And then, she walked out the front door, and was gone, leaving the two men alone.
"Get up, you berk."
Sherlock looks up, his face bright red from the giggling, and bites his lip. "So I'm pretty, huh?" He repeats.
daughter." He grumbled.
The doctor nodded. "Right. See you soon." The line went dead, and he slipped it into his coat pocket, wishing he could make time go faster.
The elder Holmes laughs. "I didn't recruit Dr. Watson, if you remember that, brother."
Jim swallowed hard. He looked to Sebastian for words. "It's Jim, actually. Who are you?" He demanded, snapping probably more than he originally intended, but, he certainly didn't like the way she and Sebastian looked at each other. Obviously there was a mutual attraction, and he didn't like it.
Sherlock let John explore every inch of his exposed throat with his lips, and it always sent a very welcomed shiver down his spine when the tip of John's nose would lightly brush at his skin. He loved this part of John. Romance with John, Sherlock decided, was like a thriller film. It was filled with twists and turns, all unexpected and all of them leaving you begging for more. Sometimes, he would get the sweet, careful, compassionate John that would stroke his skin lovingly while they lounged about in bed. That John would take baths with him after a dreadful, grueling case and gently massage his skin in the warm water, relieving the tension there, and would let him talk and talk and talk until he was hoarse, all while smiling down at him like he were the greatest prize in the world. Other times, he would get the funny, ridiculous best friend John that would get drunk with him (when they got a break from parenting and cases) and play stupid board games with him and make him laugh until his stomach hurt. That John never let him forget that he was more than his lover or his partner. That John never let him forget that Sherlock was his best friend.
She stepped into the penthouse once Seb gestured for her to come in, and Jim found himself even more surprised than before. This woman, whoever she was, was nothing like he expected. Her attire alone, a black-on-black skirt and tights combo as well as a pair of high healed black boots that went to her ankles was was strange enough, as it was. Her top was a half-sleeved black white white polka dotted button down shirt that was tucked into the skirt, and there were a pair of sunglasses covering her eyes, despite the rainy weather. Her hair was the color of ink and all swept and spiked and twisted up in a cute, fashionable way, in fact, the only color on her at all was the bright, bold red of her lipstick. She was actually quite beautiful, which was even harder for Jim to take in. She was nothing he expected. She was obviously Ukrainian, that was easy for him to see and hear in her voice, but other than that, his mind was still too scrambled to make sense of it.
But, no one dared threaten Sherlock Holmes in John Watson's presence.
"Oh, look at how the heart breaks. Sherlock, if I..."
The detective, who was lying on his belly on the disgusting floor, saw John's eyes flicker to his face for a brief moment. John was nervous. He and Sherlock both knew the risk that Jason Kelleher held, and for the moment, he also held all of the cards. The man was an ex-US Navy Seal, as well as a Central Intelligence agent who had been caught selling international secrets, and had been on the run for months. On a special request for Mycroft, they tracked him down, but had misjudged his ability to outrun even Sherlock Holmes. They knew that he was telling the truth when he said he would kill Sherlock.
His words cut Jim like a knife. Tears began to trickle down the man's cheeks, and for the moment, he couldn't control them. "Because, I..." He swallowed hard, unable to say it. "You're being ridiculous, Sebastian, please, please, just tell me you're lying. Please don't leave me." For once, he wasn't using the 'sad Jim' look to manipulate him, he was genuinely scared.
Across town, a figure dressed in a full body black suit, wearing a hockey mask and cradling a gun in their hand, scaled the side of Shad Sanderson Bank, and with a quick flick of the wrist, opened the window and slipped quietly inside. They knew the ins and outs of the building, from the cameras to the heat sensors, as they had spent two weeks on the building's outline and blueprints.
Sherlock tenses, then pulls away, and looks up at him with questioning eyes. "You're lying. You didn't sleep at all." He deduces, his glossy baritone voice becoming strained, like it always does when he figures out something he doesn't like.
Sherlock had nothing to say that. His throat was too tight for him to speak, so he just nodded, and allowed John to hold him after that.
When his stop is called, John gets to his feet and shuffles out the door with two other people who all split away in different directions, and he ascends the concrete steps up toward the main roads without really paying much attention to anyone or anything, just slipping in and out of the crowds like a ghost. He doesn't carry a particularly strong stride, not anymore, and he walks like a man who could disappear, and would not be the least bit concerned.
He hasn't been here in ages.
"John, I'm sorry, but we have to-" He was cut off as a loud crunching sound echoed through the now burning building, and right behind him, a section of the ceiling fell, sending bits of debris flying around them as the fire continued to spread.
The seventeen steps feel more like a steep mouth as he climbs, hand shaking on the railing, vision swimming, he looks like a mess and he knows it. He changes his mind about this once, twice, three times before actually reaching the last step, and suddenly he's on autopilot. He walks toward the door, and doesn't even bother to knock. John wouldn't mind.
"Sherlock." John said again, quieter this time. "I asked you a question."
"I'm sorry." He whispered. He never apologized to anyone. He stretched him on his toes to press a kiss to Sebastian's lips, but was immediately pushed away, much to his dismay.
Sherlock's expression changes from frustration to hurt to anger in less than a second. "What? Is that not what we are now? A couple? Or are you afraid to admit that? Because you're 'not gay'? Is that it? Because that-"
"Irene Adler? Not a chance." He scoffed, almost amused by the idea.
At the sound of his brother's voice, his violent fantasy comes to an abrupt end, and he suddenly realizes where he is as he takes in the light pouring in from the windows, and the sound of the erratic heart monitor at his bedside. Sherlock swallows hard against the panic, and turns to face his older brother, who is standing next to him with one hand at his shoulder and the other at his arm, and watching him with anxious eyes.
But at the same time, it feels like centuries have passed him by.
The hesitation was longer this time, but finally, Sherlock cleared his throat. "I love you too, John." He replied so quietly, it was hard to hear.
Sherlock swallowed hard. "Do you work for Moriarty?" His voice lowered significantly.
Dana looked almost impressed. "Relax, sweet pea."
Greg brought the detective to the hospital, and sat with him in his room for a few hours while Sherlock stared at the floor. He told them that Mycroft had sent over his best men to investigate the burnt remains of the warehouse, and that most of the police forces of the state of California were sorting through the wreckage to find John Watson. He told him John was strong, and that he was okay. He told him John would be okay.
he realizes, and it sends a warm ache through his chest. John always hums old songs when he does dishes. It's just one more thing about him that Sherlock has fallen in love with. How could he not?
Sherlock swallowed hard.
Then of course, there was the John that was currently grazing his teeth across the sweet spot on Sherlock's neck, causing a low, rumbling moan escape the detective's lips.
Sherlock told himself, then looked to the ground, finding nothing else to say.
The detective watched as his friend faltered. He didn't even realize that John was gripping both of his arms, and was now dangerously close to his face. He watched as his hard expression fell, and was replaced by nothing but sheer emotion
"Don't do that." John snapped. "I asked you a question, and I want an answer."
The Ukrainian stepped toward Sherlock, the sound of her big, heavy combat boots scraping across the concrete almost deafening in the silent room. She was standing brisk and tall, and face was calm, cold, emotionless, just as the woman beside her appeared to be. Her weapon was clutched tightly in her hand, and for a brief moment, Sherlock thought for sure that he had been tricked. Sweat trickled down the back of his neck into his collar as he kept his eyes locked with hers, not even daring to look at the pleased smile on Mary's face. She was only a few feet from him now, he could see the deep brown flecks that were scattered all throughout the piercing blue of her irises. The Ukrainian woman stopped just inches from him, and her lip curled upward into a grin. Then, she turned, and pointed her gun straight for Mary's chest. "Sorry, darling." She murmured.
IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ:
The figure blended back in with the darkness as they took the back staircase down to the front offices where they had to duck behind desks and boxes to keep the police from seeing them. Once they were sure that they were out of sight of the police, they slipped out the back door, and began to run. They had to get away.
He thought.
And John Watson hates every minute of it.
There's a slight pressure against his temple, and he leans into it. John says nothing after kissing him, and neither does Sherlock, but if John feels his smile against his throat, he certainly doesn't say anything.
Dana looked between the two criminals, and shrugged. "Just checking."
Minutes later, Mycroft's minions file into the room, and begin to help Sherlock off of his bed and out to the car waiting outside. The walk there is exhausting, but Emi and Mycroft stay by his side the whole time, and just before the doors are shut, the young nurse squeezes his hand with a gentle smile on her face. "Take care of yourself, yeah?" She tells him.
"Sherlock!" Came the weakened shout from a few feet away.
It was unloaded.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks and turned on his heal, locking his eyes with John's. He hoped then, then more than any other time in their lives, that John would listen to him. It was more important then than any other time. "Three lives, John. She's saving three lives." Then, before waiting for an answer, he took the doctor's hand and pulled him along, then helped him into the ambulance. John didn't look at Mary at all.
are you talking about? What happened?"
The doctor only shakes his head, then presses a kiss to Sherlock's arm. "What am I to do with you?"
"Bassy, you forget, Sherlock has his own strapping soldier boy." Dana said. "Johnny-boy's a tough little cupcake."
He smiled. "I must be."
Slowly pulling himself out of Sherlock's arms, he gets out of bed and pulls his jeans back on, not bothering with a shirt. He looks over at Sherlock's sleeping form, and smiles to himself, not understanding how someone so gorgeous could look even more beautiful while they sleep. The thought makes him laugh, and he gently brushes his fingers over his cheek before turning to leave.
Sherlock takes a deep breath as his heart rate returns to normal, and he turns his gaze away from his brother to the ceiling. "I failed, Mycroft. I didn't finish the job, and they knew I was connected to you, that's why they wanted me dead. That was my last mission, and I failed it."
He had no way to contact Mycroft, as they had taken his phone, and disabled any other way of communication toward anyone, so Mycroft had no clue where he was. Every instinct he has is telling him him to just stay put, that Mycroft will find him, but he decides not to listen.
"Fine. I bet you were enjoying it too. How's the diet?"
I HAVE COME BACK TO LIFE!!! So, I'm finally going to be posting again, and, I thought I'd give you guys the sneak peak at what's to come.
Police were still on the scene. Most of them had left already, leaving only a few officers that Sherlock recognized, Sergeant Donovan, of course, and, must to Sherlock's dismay, the forensics team. There was also no ambulance on the scene, but that didn't mean much, it had been over two hours.
Mary suddenly became very pale, and she turned around very slowly, taking in the form of her husband standing by the stairs, very much the soldier again, with his back straight, his legs shoulder width apart, and his gun raised at a perfect angle, while the other hand hung loosely at his side, fingers slightly curled, ready to be raised to steady the gun if necessary. His face was expressionless, but there was no mistaking the black fury and disgust behind his eyes. John Watson's eyes never left his wife's face.
The caesarean worked.
"Do you think she was serious?" John eventually asked, breaking the silence.
The woman cleared her throat. "Do you know where the old Cassidy Corporation warehouse is?" She asked.
Sherlock forces his eyes to open, and glances around at the small, graying hospital room he's in. The sun is still out, but the blinds have been shut, probably to allow him to sleep without the light to disturb him. He has no idea what time it is, but he guesses mid-afternoon. The posters and charts on the walls are all written in German, and he can see the name of the private hospital he's in at the bottom of the page.
The days would drag on like they always did, and every day, Sherlock Holmes seemed more and more like a footprint on the beach standing against the upcoming tide. The sun would rise, the sun would fall, and the patients seemed to blend together. He once said to an old girlfriend at one point that mundane was good, but now things were becoming a bit excessive.
The female doctor walked away after that, leaving them alone.
"But... How did you get out of there? How are you alive?" Sherlock demanded, his voice shaking horribly with joy and unshed tears.
to say, he had decided to keep John Watson for the rest of his life from the moment he realized that John had killed a man for Sherlock, saving the detective's life, just hours after meeting him for the first time. He wanted to tell John how he changed him, made him better, made him feel human for once, instead of feeling like the high-functioning sociopath he dubbed himself to be. He wanted to say that he was John's, heart and soul, mind and body, all of him was John's, and he didn't care who knew. He never wanted to love anybody else.
Then, he sees a familiar tattoo on the forearm of the person holding it, and while he dreads it, his eyes trail up as the figure enters the kitchen, and once again, like he had in many dreams, he is standing face to face with the man only known to him as The Tall One, who is currently pressing a gun into John Watson's back.
Sherlock shakes his head with a sound of protest, and John drops his hand. "I'm never letting you live that comment down, John Watson."
From somewhere off-screen, someone called to John, and Sherlock knew their time was up. The soldier let out a heavy sigh. "Hey, love, look-"
John and Greg are total bros, and I love their relationship, so I wrote a scene just for them! Anyhow, we're getting toward the big ending, and I hope you guys enjoy!
But, as quickly as the bubbly feeling comes, it fades, and fear nestles it's way into his veins, and settles in the pit of his stomach. His heart rate picks up, and the monitor begins beeping frantically.Mycroft's eyes widen in a panic, and he reaches out to press the call button for the nurse. "No!" Sherlock gasps out over the beeping sound, and the pain in his chest.
"You were having a nightmare, sir." She states.
"You bloody
The soldier turned to him with a bewildered expression. "What about Effie?" He demanded, glancing down at the barely conscious woman who was now in Greg Lestrade's care. "She needs medical-"
"Yes, I heard what you said. Wait twenty minutes, then follow. Just give me a minute to bask in the freeing moment of holy-shit-one-of-them-finally-fucking-said-it. It's not every day I get to see this." The DI half-joked, although it was easy to see that he was beaming.
"I'm still older."
He heard noise sometime after what he estimated to be around two thirty in the morning. He didn't even wake up when he heard his bedroom door open. It wasn't until he felt someone slip into the bed beside him that he woke up completely. His eyes snapped open, and he was about to jump out of bed when a pair of very familiar, strong arms wrapped around his body.
He takes a step further into the room, and runs his fingers over the wallpaper as he makes his way to the kitchen, taking it all in like a priceless work of art. But Baker Street isn't art. It's home. It's always been home.
He threw the front door open and ran out to the street to haul a cab. He ordered the cabbie to take him back to his house, and waited anxiously in the back while they drove. While the drive itself would have normally been short, it felt like it was taking much too long. Every second he wasted, Sherlock was in danger somewhere.
Mrs. Hudson gasped at the DI's words, then buried her face in her hands for a moment before reaching down and pulling Sherlock into a tight embrace. "Oh, Sherlock... They've found him."
He could say all of that.
Before John Watson, he had taken such great pleasure in being alone. But, now that he didn't have to be, it was harder than ever to learn again.
A few minutes later, there was a knock at the front door, and both me went to greet the women of the hour. Irene looked as gorgeous as always with her hair down and her tight red dress and fancy pumps, while Dana, who generally preferred comfort to class, was dressed more like Jim was, in a pair of tight black jeans and a loose-fitting black t-shirt, although her boots made her over six feet tall. Her hair was still short, but was now light blonde, as opposed to the ink black it had been in the past. When she walked through the door, Jim smiled a bit when he saw the outline of the Grach in the waistband of her jeans.
John laughed. "Wouldn't be the first time." He reminded him.
He looked up, and his mouth went dry as the letter fell to the ground.
The men were suddenly cut off as a group of men emerged from the shadows and attacked them. John didn't even have time to reach for the gun in his jacket pocket before he was thrown the ground. The men began kicking the doctor, allowing him to watch in horror as the other men brought Sherlock to the ground. He tried to scream out to him, but he was cut off again with more blows to his face, stomach and rip cage. He couldn't breathe. He could taste blood in his mouth and he spit a mouthful of it into the street. He couldn't see Sherlock anymore on the ground but just as he was losing consciousness, he saw them throw the consulting detective into the back of a van and drive away, completely out of his sight.
Suddenly, from the table, John's phone begin to buzz and vibrate on the table with an incoming call, and Greg leaned down to pick it up. "Oh, leave it, it's probably Mary." John protested.
John Watson's mind was an incoherent mess. He was swimming in the dark catacombs of his thoughts, unable to open his eyes, unable to think of anything more to say...
He demands.
He was trying not to do a lot of things, and none of them were going very well.
In fact, he missed it a lot.
The words came so suddenly, they almost shook the detective to his core. He hadn't even noticed that John was sitting in his old chair in the living room (he had even forgotten that John still had his key), and it took all he had not to go running to him right off the bat. Instead, he said nothing, and quietly slipped his coat and scarf off of his thin frame, and walked quietly to his own chair.
"Not if you ever want John to speak to you again. Kill him, Effie." She ordered.
"Sherlock, you're in pain, you need to relax, you need medication."
"You know, we should invite the two of them to dinner here, sometime." Irene offered, only half joking.
Sherlock stiffened as his heart rate began to climb. "I had to solve the murder, John. I had to know how Moriarty survived. You know that."
"Sherlock, as much as I hate to say it, whether or not Mary died wouldn't have made a difference. She was dead to me the moment I found out it was her."
but his heart rate quickened again.
"They thought I was dead, and dumped my body, that doesn't count."
is going on? Where are you going?" She screamed again as he continued to ignore her.
Instead, he just drank some more of his beer. "You sounded distracted when you called me earlier. Were you working a case?"
"You better."
Normally, the doctor would retaliate, but he only rolled his eyes. "I'm glad you're enjoying the cases." He told him, although in his mind, he wished he could be doing them with him.
John only tightened his grip. "Sherlock Holmes, you are so smart, and I need you to use that big brain of yours. You can tell if a person is lying just by the way they're standing, and I need you to look me in the eye, and tell me that I'm lying."
He wanted him to go and leave him behind.
Sherlock's blood suddenly turns to ice, and he suddenly feels like he can't move.
John raked his hand through his hair and stepped away. His breathing was heavy, the color had nearly drained from his face, and he had to hold onto the back of the chair to keep from falling over. "That woman is bloody brilliant. Completely mad, but absolutely
John gives him an almost smug grin. "Never better."
The doctor opened his eyes slowly, trying to ease the horrendous ache on the side of his head where he had been struck. It took him less than a minute to realize where he actually was. Suddenly, everything made sense; the warm air, the chemical smell... He'd recognize the setting of 221B Baker St. anywhere. His head snapped up and he ignored the pain, gazing around the room rapidly. He was alone, just like he guessed. He looked over his shoulder, and let out a sigh of relief. John was, like he assumed, tied down to a chair, but not like he originally thought. He wrists were tied, but not to the chair, around the chair. He could easily stand up and release himself. His feet weren't even tied down.
"I suppose I forgive you. But you're making tea tomorrow morning."
Sherlock's heart pounded and pounded.
Both men froze. Sherlock closed his eyes with a groan while John collapsed lightly on top of him. "Fuck."
The Detective Inspector texts.
John Watson's fingers were shaking as he flipped through the pages of the file. Everything was there, everything he had been dreading to know since the night he found out his wife was an assassin. It was all there. Every kill she made, every job she held, every mission she worked, every shot, every bullet, every victim... It was all there. He knew her name now; Annalise Gabriella Rinette Akridge. The name tasted like vinegar in his mouth as he repeated it over and over again. He felt sick. With every line he read, his stomach did a terrible flip, and he wanted nothing more than to stop reading, but he could tear his eyes away.
The elder Holmes nods at him slowly, and pulls his hands away at an almost snail-like pace, as if he's afraid to startle him. He sits back down in the awful chair, not once letting his gaze drift from his younger brother. "Nightmares, brother?" He inquires, though it sounds more like a matter-of-fact statement than a question.
Jim thought. He felt a pang of jealously hit his heart. He was the only one who was allowed to give Sebastian pet names.
He can't. He can't.
He made his way around the bed, and made his way to the bathroom to brush his teeth. He scowled slightly at the sight of how unruly his hair looked, but the moment he thought back to the events of the night, and suddenly, he didn't mind so much. He brushed his teeth and pulled his pair of pajama bottoms back on, just so he could feel a little more decent, not that his partner cared.
"I'm so sorry, John, I should have-"
Sherlock bit at the inside of his mouth. He didn't want to think that she was dead already, but he had to consider it. "How was she?"
A perfect moment that John never thought he would get.
John Watson was watching him with the cold eyes of a hawk before it made a kill, but also the frightened eyes of the prey before its' life is snatched away. He had never looked at Sherlock Holmes like that before. It was terrifying. He tried not to watch.
"How do you figure?"
But, instead of waking up, John reached up and wiped the wetness from his tear stained cheekbones. Sherlock would never forget how John's hands felt on his face. "Am I lying to you, Sherlock?" He murmured, his voice low and quiet, like he were whispering to a child.
"Sorry." John gasps out. "I didn't mean to say that out loud."
So, he moved. The house was bright and open and there was a garden outside, and a lovely old couple next door, and a single father with a beautiful three year old girl next door. He had lost his wife to cancer the year before. He had guessed about John losing someone close to him, and when he looked at him for the first time, he gave him this look that seemed to ask
"No, I won't stop, until I get an answer!" The doctor yelled. "What were you trying to do, Sherlock? Were you trying to-"
even though I'm anything but. You are the only reason I have a heart, and I don't know why I love it so much, but you make me feel... Everything. I hate having a weakness, but if I was going to have one in the first place, I'm happy it's you. Which is why I can't let him get to you. I have to... I have to do what I can to keep you safe."
Just as the sun began to rise, the dark haired man awoke, and silently stretched out the glorious ache in his body. He turned to look over his left shoulder at the man beside him who had his back to him, and he found himself blushing over the sight of the angry red scratch marks that covered his gold tinted, muscular back. He pushed away the urge to reach out and run his fingers gently over the marks, just to feel what he had done. Instead, he let out a heavy, happy sigh, and carefully, as to not wake his partner, pushed the duvet back, and crawled out of the large bed.
He thought.
"Just the two of us?" Sherlock interrupted.
"Maybe if you're a good boy, I'll tell you what it is."
John's voice echoed off of the walls of the flat, and shook Sherlock right down to his core.
That makes him smile. "Good old Mrs. Hudson." He mutters to himself. That woman has always taken care of him, and it makes Sherlock feel a little better about returning home.
The detective rolled his eyes. "When she interrupts what could have been a brilliant session of afternoon sex, she's
"Of course the pregnancy is real. Actually, everything about the way she feels about John is true. She made the mistake of falling in love with him. The only reason she stopped chasing after you was because she loved him, and she thought Jim Moriarty was dead. She was actually just fine being retired and not having to kill you although she realized early on that you and John have probably the most romantically and sexually tense relationship that
Sherlock inhaled slowly. "You're the little girl." He said, recognizing her now.
The sound of the gunshot lasted only a fraction of a second, and then came the raging heat of the fire that had exploded behind them. The force of the blast sent John and Sherlock rocketing forward onto the ground. The fire sent the boards from the ceiling falling down, as well as the doorways and some of the rusted metal structures, and it wasn't until the ringing in Sherlock's ears stopped ringing that he realized that the fire was spreading.
John Watson can honestly say that he never meant to fall in love with Sherlock Holmes. He never meant to do it at all, it just sort of happened. It started at the pool, he knows that much, seeing the way Sherlock looked at him, strapped to those bombs and ready to die with him or for him, whatever it took in that moment. The way Sherlock's eyes widened, and his breath caught around his name, and the way he swore he could hear the drumming of his heartbeat from across the pool. He knew from that moment that he was completely and utterly done for, and though he was almost certain that Sherlock didn't feel the same way, he was perfectly fine just being close enough to call himself his friend. It wasn't enough forever, but it was enough for the moment.
"I like it. I'm skin and bones, at least you still have a six pack."
which is around eight hundred quid a bottle, so you're obviously wealthy, but you don't indulge in the wealthy life style other than your choice of fragrance. You have a small penthouse apartment in New York where you have a dog, probably a German Shepard. You're quite intelligent, but you spent your time training instead of attending school, which means you started young. You're sarcastic, rude, and you don't work well with anyone, which is why you're freelance, because no one can stand to be in the same room as you." By the time the detective finished talking, his words were dripping poison.
"Sometimes." John admits. "I meant what I said about you being pretty, no matter how much you tease me for it, you're gorgeous. You have been since we met, with your ridiculous cheekbones, and arse that I always had to resist the urge to grab," That comment makes Sherlock turn pink, and John decides it's the cutest thing he's ever seen. "I don't know, you've always been gorgeous. Breathtaking even. You always were, and you still are now. Why would someone like you want an old, scarred up soldier like me? It just doesn't make sense. Now, women like Sarah and Jeanette, that makes sense, they're looking for people like me, not that they couldn't do
"Pretty much. It's why she had you kill Magnussen. If she got you to kill him, then she could complete her mission without feeling the guilt of
Greg shrugged. "She actually seemed... Okay. I mean, she was talking to me, she was a bit out of it, but she seemed okay for the most part. Then the medics showed up and they took her away. But, she was alright, she was bleeding, but she seemed... Fine." He looked down at the blood on his shirt, and shook his head. "I asked her why she took the bullet, and she said 'you wouldn't have liked me if one of your boys got shot'. Even after being shot in the stomach, she kept up her sense of humor." The DI took another drag off of his cigarette, blowing the smoke out into the crisp night air.
"I heard you, John, I just don't know what you're talking about."
She nodded. "Of course, I'll be the one to have to fix it if anything goes askew." She replied. "Now, I'll have a team ready to clear your body out of there after Sherlock jumps, and we'll get you out of the country. Bassy, you'll have to stay for a few days, to keep an eye on things, but you'll have to pretend like Jim's dead for real. Grieve. Get drunk. Whatever. It doesn't matter, just look really distraught. Then, we'll ship you out to meet him wherever you guys end up, and you'll be free to travel and be merry. You said it yourself, Magnussen thinks that you'll do whatever to get the better of Sherlock Holmes, so once you're dead, he'll turn the other way."
There wouldn't be stories anymore.
"No, no, it's... Fine. I just... I just didn't know." John replied, rubbing the back of his neck apprehensively. "That was... Very good of you, love." He pulled Sherlock closer and held him close, occasionally pressing soft kisses to his neck, laughing quietly when they made his partner shiver.
"You've got to go. I know." Sherlock finished for him, trying not to sound sad. "It's okay. Go do good."
Then, there's the distinct sound of thick leather boots scraping across the floor, and he knows he's miscalculated.
"I mean, I don't remember what it was about. It's already... faded... I guess." His voice trails off and he looks toward his hands that are neatly folded on top of the sheets. The heart monitor has finally gotten back to it's normal beeping, and when he looks down, he can see he's messed up some of his wiring, as well as thrashed the blanket on top of him halfway off of the bed. "Why didn't the doctors come running?" He asks.
"John, she's giving them a chance! We have to go with Mary!" He shot back, pulling John away.
Jim laughed. "You could open a restaurant."
John didn't make it home for Christmas, and Sherlock didn't bother decorating. He turned down every offer to go out and spend time with anyone.
"Does she know?"
His wife comes home at half past five, they greet each other with a kiss, and proceed to the kitchen to prepare dinner. She cooks the chicken while he makes the vegetables and they maneuver around the tiny kitchen with ease. At dinner they sit on opposite sides of the table, they talk about work and the slightly over cooked vegetables, although it's just mindless teasing. They both drink water, since he doesn't drink and she can't, due to the baby growing in her belly.
Sherlock's entire world splintered, but his heart began to pound harder and harder, and his breaths came in short gasps. He couldn't believe it. He couldn't. This was a dream. It took every force of willpower to not launch himself at John Watson, because he knew it wasn't real. John was lying. It was the only possible explanation.
It takes several minutes for Sherlock to gain the strength to stand. His body is completely drained of energy, and the pain in his back is almost unbearable, and the hot sun makes the burning sensations worse, but it's almost nothing compared to theexcruciating pain in head and his ribs. He knows something is broken, or at the very least, cracked. He wishes for clothing. Upon his capture, he had been stripped of everything except a pair of ripped khakis, and was left barefoot and shirtless, completely exposed against the dirt and the sun. It's torturous and terrifying. Part of him wishes they would have killed him.
"Sherlock, go!" The army doctor pushed Sherlock forward, and together, they both began to run away from the small room, knowing exactly what was coming next.
Their lives had become quite wonderful over the last few years, after they got away from England and the awful games. It was domestic, but wonderful. Of course, they still worked worked, but not to the degree that they had in the past. It was actually quite perfect. They had a beautiful penthouse that overlooked the city, and it was possibly the best place for them. They loved their lives, and of course, having Dana and Irene visit as often as they did was fun.
"Just go." He whispered, his voice cracking slightly from the tears in his throat. "I'll be okay."
His words make John freeze in his tracks, and he looks back to see Sherlock watching him with a shy, nervous smile, and it almost breaks John's heart in two. He quickly leans down and pulls him in for a kiss, letting his fingers curl around the back of his neck, and when he lets go, he presses his forehead against Sherlock's and kisses the tip of his nose. "Yes. Just like us. Fuck the closet."
Sebastian took a deep breath. "So... This is going to work out?" He asked, looking between Dana and his partner.
The soldier rolled his eyes, then pulled his partner back through the bedroom.
Somehow, however, John moved much faster than he did, and before he could even register what was happening, John's hand was wrapped tightly around his arm, right above his elbow, with no intention of releasing him. "Sherlock, stop, okay? Just stop."
So, he locks his arms protectively across his torso, and looks toward the blazing sun, and eventually, Sherlock Holmes pushes his legs forward, and he trudges slowly across the sand.
The soldier leaned forward, and, in one swift movement, pulled the chair Jim was sitting in forward, angling it so that they were facing one another. Jim still didn't look up. "I meant we need to talk about
In a panic, Sherlock stood, and searched for the easiest way out. He tried to analyze every angle, but his brain was so jumbled from the voice inside his head that continued to tell him that he would never get John out. He had to move the large grate without injuring John further, and he had to do it quickly so that they could get out in time, but-
"We're not weird for liking white wine. Also, Verdicchio goes good with the particular dish I'm making, so it works." Seb protested. "Besides, Barbera is too dry for me."
The doctor smiled up at his friend, wishing he could go with him. "Thank you for coming. Have fun with your murders." He joked.
"Mycroft, please." He begs, putting more urgency into the words than he had before.
The young nurse laughs, throwing her head back, but says nothing in response. When she's done, she smiles sweetly at him, and nods. "Alright, mister, you get some rest. I'll go clear you with the doctor, alright?"
Feeling like his whole world was about to stop, Sherlock leaned back against the arm of the sofa and pushed the laptop off of his knees. He had never missed John's call before. He had always been on time, early even, just waiting for him to come online finally so that he could see him, but the one time he needed him more than ever, he had missed him.
She shot Mary.
the letter said.
"I had a debt to pay. I decided to repay it." She deadpanned.
But, he knew he couldn't.
John's voice in his head told him gently.
"Shut up. Just shut up." John hisses, and Sherlock flinches away. He knows he deserves the rage that's about to come.
Sherlock's mouth dropped open. "You..."
He sat down on the ground and pulled his still tied hands underneath him and around his feet, wincing at the pain. He could feel the bruises and the scrapes in his arms and legs, but he couldn't be bother with that right now. Now that his hands were in front of him, he got a better look at the rope. It was actually twine, like someone would use in a garden. It was thick enough to where he knew he couldn't just pull it apart, but it was also thin enough to where it could easily be cut with scissors, which they had in a drawer in the kitchen.
John kept his face hard, but he felt his heart burning and blossoming with love and shame and anger all at once, and for a moment, it was all too much and he couldn't tear his eyes away. There was so much to say, but at the same time, there was nothing to say. He could say how he would have followed Sherlock to the ends of the Earth if he asked him to. He could say how he would have tied a lasso around the moon if Sherlock so desired it. He could say how the first time he heard Sherlock laugh, the first time he
His boyfriend offered him his signature grin. "You know I love you, right?" He asked.
"Sherlock!" John shouted.
The detective ran back up the basement steps, and began searching around for the DI. It didn't take him long, he found him having a cigarette just outside the scene on the other side of the building. The front of his shirt was absolutely covered in blood, and his hands were shaking slightly as he took a long drag from the cigarette. "Lestrade?"
"Can't wait."
"The army. They want me back. I told them yes. I leave tonight."
And suddenly, he's being crushed to John's chest, the doctor's strong arms holding him so tightly he can barely breathe, but he doesn't care, because it's
Hi everyone! So, this chapter is in the form of a letter sent by Effie to our boys. This is to (hopefully) explain everything and tie up any loose ends. BUT, the story is NOT done yet. I plan on writing two more chapters, then we'll be done. So, do not fret, my lovelies, there is still more!!
John nodded quickly, although he knew Sherlock couldn't see him. "I'm fine, I'm here with Greg, we've been looking for you everywhere."
Sherlock got off of his partner's lap and pulled him by his hand over to the black sofa where he lay back and allowed John to tower over him. The weight of John's body against his sent a wave of heat over his skin. John's fingers were pulling at the buttons of his shirt, ready to slip it off of Sherlock's slender shoulders, but, he stopped to bite down again on the sweet spot. Sherlock threw his head back against the sofa, holding back a noise of pure ecstasy. Sherlock was found to be quite vocal in bed, which of course, only turned John on more. When John ran his fingers down the exposed skin on his chest, all the way down to his hip bone, every nerve ending in his body lit up like it were on fire, and the feeling was almost enough to make him cry out as John's hand travelled lower...
He asked himself. Could he really do this again?
Sherlock looks confused. "I deduced that early on, yet you never dated a man all throughout our friendship, and it was evident even when me first met that you hadn't in a while. Why did you stop dating men?"
The criminal's knees nearly gave out.
Greg stared up at him in horror. "What about..."
It started out with nothing but a question. Simple, innocent, completely harmless. John had asked him if they had any Earl Grey left. It was a silly question, of course they did, they always had it. He told him was pushed toward the back of the cabinet, and John, who was unusually cheerful for the morning, although it might have been due to the simply stunning whether outside. Later that day, they would go out for dinner at a restaurant and sit outside while the stars came out above them, but for the moment, they were sitting in the kitchen, and John wanted tea.
Jim cocked his head. "You want to help?"
Sherlock Holmes. Consulting Detective. Known for his lack of emotion and distaste for sentiment. Brilliant and better off on his own. Solving case after case after case for Scotland Yard, catching killers and doing an awful lot of running. His life is back to the way it was.
London greets Sherlock like an old friend as he strolls up Baker Street for the first time in nearly three years. Almost everything looks the same, from the cars on the streets to the flower beds, and everything feels like home, just as it should be. It's warm, almost too warm for his Belstaff, but he wears it anyway, and he doesn't mind the heat. Inside his right pocket, he grips the key that's been there since the last time he left 221B, tracing the ridges with his thumb as his heart begins to pound.
"Goodbye."
The words stung. It was all a lie. She married John to get to Sherlock.
He never expected that. Sherlock always expected that he would be the one to say it first, stutter it out at a really inappropriate time, probably at a crime scene or somewhere else where he would embarrass John, but... John had said it first. In front of Lestrade too.
The detective narrowed his eyes. "Because you know something." He deduced. "You know something that Mary doesn't. Something about Moriarty."
Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disgust, but turned away anyway, and gave his brother a snide smile. "Nice of you to finally turn up, brother dear." He snipped. He was a bit irritated with his brother for ruining the near-perfect moment he had been having with John, but, the army doctor squeezed his hand, and he relaxed.
"Don't you dare. Don't say shit like that to me." Sebastian growled.
The doctor sighed. "Setting yourself on fire."
There was a soft chuckle in his ear, and the arms around his torso tightened. "I thought I told you to leave a light on."
He and Dana shared a brief hug, which was still a bit strange for Jim, although he had to say, he didn't mind. "You're looking good, Jim." She commented. "I expected Sebastian to plump you up a bit with all of the food he makes."
Sorry this one is a little bit short! I hope you like it either way!!
and he couldn't stop it. What if John was next? What if he never knew? Who would tell him? He would just keep on living with Mary, he would cry and mourn and grieve all over again, for the third time over
He deserved this.
Sherlock wills his eyes to open, and realizes that his captors had dumped him. They had assumed he was dead, due to the tall one's stupidity, and they took his body and dumped it somewhere. Weakly, he pushes himself up, and sees nothing but sand in every direction. The sight of it makes his weak heart flutter in panic.
"Sherlock, the building is going down! If you don't get out of here, you'll die!"
One of the military wives, a young girl who was barely older than Sherlock, had come over and introduced herself as Sam, then offered to take him for a drink. He had agreed, which he rarely did, but he needed to. They didn't talk throughout their drink, but when the time came, they had hugged, and parted ways.
Sebastian gave her a weird look. "What do you mean?"
Hi everyone! I'm sorry I didn't update yesterday, I was hella busy and never got the chance, but, I have two chapters ready for you guys, so I hope you enjoy!
Sherlock looks pleased with himself.
"Sherlock, you okay?" John demanded, taking his boyfriend's hand and pulling him behind him.
The detective's mind immediately jumped to John, and he felt his heart lurch. He didn't like this plan, not at all. "Are you sure that John will be okay?" He didn't care what happened to him, as long as John was safe.
"She's alive." John gasped, gazing up at Sherlock. His eyes were the size of saucers, and his jaw was nearly touching the floor. "She's
I love you all!
"Don't do that, yes, you do."
Sherlock's heart pounded, and he gripped the desk tighter as he gritted his teeth. "She's about five foot nine, very Ukrainian, short black hair, she would have gone straight to surgery for a gunshot wound to the stomach, she came from the Cassidy building. She's
"Well, we better think of something soon."
he'll get to go on cases now! Although these last years have been basically one big case, he misses just a lowkey murder in the backstreets of London. He misses Lestrade pestering him about withholding evidence (or whatever), and Molly's shy-but-also-slightly-concerned smiles after she gives him some sort of body part to examine while John...Oh.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Well, normally one doesn't just call a friend to meet him for a drink unless there's something wrong." He commented. The detective sounded uncertain and otherwise preoccupied. Must be a case.
the voice he loves most encourages.
"Over here!"
He breathed. "Yes, yes, I don't care anymore, you silly little thing. I don't
. "I know I do."
John was speechless. His jaw had dropped again, and he was staring at Sherlock like a deer in the headlights. "You... You had her record wiped." He repeated, obviously in shock.
So, he put up his icy cold mask, narrowed his eyes, and gritted his teeth. "Don't play with me, John, it isn't funny. I may act heartless, but I do, contrary to popular belief, have a heart, and it hurts when people pretend. Do not play with me." He snarled, tears brimming over, finally.
Sherlock glared.
dead. Tell her if he comes back, she's to kill him in any way she sees fit, and if she fails, she'll be exposed. Also, tell her that you'll have people watching her. But, when Sherlock Holmes
When they pulled away from one another, Sherlock watched as John released his hand, and gave him a pained smile. "I'll come home. Just leave a light on."
"Well, if Effie, or Dana, whatever her name is, is to be believed, he wasn't really coming after us to begin with." John scoffed.
Greg ordered the officers inside, and watched as they surrounded the building, and he stood his ground outside, watching the back doors, just in case.
"Who are you?" Sherlock demanded, glaring at the young Ukrainian assassin standing before him. He kept his deep baritone voice calm, not wanting to show her that he was actually frightened.
John sighs. "It's nothing, Sherlock. Please, just let it go." He answers, sounding a bit more desperate than he wants to sound.
Was that worse? To feel better with John gone? Was it better to
Sherlock's heart jumped, and he felt his body tense.
Effie Taras sat down on the cold ground, her legs stretched out in front of her, her ankles crossed, and looked down at her hands as she picked at her fingernails. "How about this, pretty boy. I'm going to tell you a story, and you tell me what you think I mean." She briefly looked up at him, and when he leaned back in the chair, straightening up to listen, she smiled. "Think back twenty two years ago. You were sixteen, and you were taking a trip to the Ukraine with your brother I think it was. You got wind of a possible child trafficking ring in the East. You, being you, decided it would be a good idea to check out. You searched, found evidence, but the police wouldn't listen to you. So, you decided to go check it out by yourself. After a few days, you managed to find the group, and you saved the life of a ten year old girl. She was about to be raped and murdered, and you saved her. The next day, you left the Ukraine. No one ever knew what happened. To this day, no one knows. John Watson doesn't know, that handsome Detective Inspector of yours doesn't know, the police forgot after a while, even you may have forgotten what you did." Effie paused and gazed up at Sherlock with eyes that suddenly seemed so utterly familiar that he would have fallen if not for the chair. "But I'll tell you one thing; that little girl never forgot."
John stood defiantly in his place at the end of the hall, his eyes never leaving the American's face. His fingers very briefly tightened around the gun, but he didn't move. Sherlock waited on the cold ground for him to just
There's no soft rustling of pages as his flatmate flips through some dull mystery book, or the tapping of keys as his flatmate types up something on his blog. There's no thumping on the ground as his flatmate walks across the floor, or his flatmate bothering him to eat something. Even during the day, he'll sit there and talk to the ghost of the man in his chair about the cases on his desk, listen to his stupid comments and attempt to make him understand. It sometimes doesn't occur to him until very late that he's been holding a conversation with a chair, to which he tries to forget.
The detective hesitated, unsure of what to say. He knew there was something missing from the puzzle, but his mind was in absolute shambles, and he could barely think straight.
Across town, a second man of nearly the same age sits silently on the couch, hands folded in front of his face as if he were praying, his breathing even, his eyes closed. In his head, he's walking up the steps of a palace all his own, sorting through his thoughts as a case lays out in front of him.
to be here." He shot off every relevant detail he could think of about the woman. Effie had to be there.
He added in his head, although he knew he would allow John to punch him if he wanted to.
be my father. If it were different, I would have left, but I couldn't."
come back, I'll make sure she doesn't touch him. I'll expose her myself. I think it's high time my debt was repaid."
apologetic, but it was more than Sherlock expected to say the least.
There was a pause. "Say that again. Please." Sherlock gasped, his voice wavering.
No response.
The detective didn't answer at first. He really didn't know why he was upset about the outcome of the incident, as he really had no reason to be. Moriarty was gone, he was married and retired to some remote city somewhere, where he was never coming back. Dana Carlisle was alive, dating a dominatrix, and working as her personal live-in bodyguard. He and John were together, they had a family, and while it may be a bit unconventional with their jobs and lifestyle, but it was a family all the same.
Sherlock told him he wanted to go home.
"Please."She scoffed, sending a flare of annoyance through his body. The only one who was allowed to talk to him like that without getting their throat cut was Sebastian. "I'm the master of faking deaths, I've done it eight times already. It's easy."
Sherlock stayed frozen. He didn't know what to think. The blow from Mary's betrayal was what hurt the most, and the fact that he knew John would be devastated once he found out, and this time, it would be worse than it was the first time. Not to mention how he had been tricked into murdering a man for her, so that he would go get himself killed so she could play house with John for a while and feel no remorse. He felt sick. He wanted to scream he just wanted to go home.
He silently wonders how much blood has been spilled on it before.
Sherlock considers this. He didn't realize he had walked that far. It hadn't seemed like five miles. Then, something else clicks. "How
John nodded. "Of course."
"How did you sleep?" Sherlock asks him.
The entirety of the English had left him.
But, she was
Thank you all for reading, and I'll see you all (hopefully) next time, on whatever the fuck I decide to write next.
"Mr. Holmes?" Comes a quiet voice from in front of him.
Knowing he's not tired, the man takes out his violin and begins to play a classical tune he had been working on for a few weeks, not really caring if his landlady hears him. He plays until the sun begins to come up and he once again makes the mistake of calling out to his flatmate, although he knows he can't hear him. He's not there anymore.
The kettle behind him began to steam and whistle on the stove, and John is shaken out of his nostalgic trance. He shakes his head and reaches for a mug in the cabinet, and pours the hot water over the bag, and without sparing the photograph more than another passing glance, he walks away, back into the living room, locking Sherlock away in his heart one more time.
"I can take care of myself, Jim, I was a fucking marksman!"
John made it to the pub first. He ordered a beer for him and Sherlock and just waited. This would have been the first time since his stag night that he and Sherlock had a drink together. The stag night had been a near disaster, although seeing Sherlock Holmes completely shitfaced was rather comical. They had passed out on the stairs together, their closeness alone being gossip worthy, but neither one of them found it awkward at all. All the dancing and drinking was so out of habit for Sherlock, but John loved that he was having fun. The man needed it.
"Explain away."
"Mycroft."
Mary." The Ukrainian cried out, her tone breaking and suddenly becoming soft. "You know that as well as I do, Jim Moriarty is dead and gone, and he isn't coming back. You had a chance to end it with Magnussen, but instead of taking it, you trick Sherlock into killing him, letting him take the fall. And for
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees his brother's concerned stare, and elects to ignore it. He's spent too much time sleeping. And like his brother said, it's a long way back to London after all. So, he buries himself in his Mind Palace, where all of the good thoughts of John Watson lie. It's better than any dream he could ever have.
John let out an almost breathless laugh. "She got Magnussen too, Sherlock."
"I'm fine, I'm fine. What about you?" The detective demanded in the same frantic tone.
He ordered, his voice wavering in fear and disbelief.
But, that was why he was afraid now.
Jim shook his head. "It doesn't matter. If this is what has to happen to make sure you're alive, than so be it."
in fact, remember, although he thought it was silly, so he chose to not say it.
"There's nothing wrong with that, as long as you still want me." Sherlock states proudly before pushing himself up and planting a kiss on John's lips. "Answer me this; do you love me?"
"Effie Taras." John stated. "She was the mystery woman who helped us. The one who shot Mary."
"You're lying."
But, he couldn't.
Take care everyone, I hope you enjoy! I love you all!
With less than a second to plan, the criminal charged forward and hauled themself up onto a large Dumpster, despite the shout of protest from the DI behind them. When he was close enough, they swing around and kicked the man in the side of the head, and then sprinted away from him, hoping to get as far as they could before he came to.
Irene squeezed her girlfriend's hand. "And the baby's." She added.
"Explain."
Mary's eyes flickered to the gun in his hand, and snickered. She seemed unafraid of him, but, she never had before. "You won't shoot me, Sherlock. You wouldn't do that to John." She murmured in a sugary sweet voice that made him want to retch.
Mycroft's words settle in his mind, and suddenly a few things click into place. It makes sense for Mycroft to be there, he remembers his voice shouting his name while he had been 'drowning', as he remembers thinking it was before, when in reality, it was the drug concoction they had put him on. He suppresses a shudder. "How beat up am I?"
He felt John smile, and the doctor's arms tightened around his body once again.
For once, it didn't help.
Uh-oh.
Then he left, and, like a rubber band had been snapped, John Watson was walking around London with a fresh new limp and a tremor in his hand. He didn't talk much about it, nor did he talk much about Sherlock Holmes, that is, until he woke up the night after the funeral, having just relived their first case together in a dream, and almost drank himself to death. Once he had sobered up, he went to Ella, and he almost said everything he should have said months before. He choked down his words, and hid them again, like they never meant a thing. He could do at least that for himself.
Greg kept his gaze hard, but finally nodded curtly and stepped back. "I'll wait for you."
Enjoy everyone!!
"Just like us? Right?"
Effie gasped for air, and leaned her head back on the pavement. "Three lives, Sherlock... Three lives." Her voice was weak, but her gaze was almost boring holes into his own.
He would have been angry about that, once upon a time, but not anymore. It might as well have been true.
"No." Sherlock protests.
Or, it could make him feel better. That was worse.
"Sherlock?"
He kept bringing his eyes back to the photograph of his wife, dark haired and wearing sunglasses as she climbed into a black car. He hadn't yet seen the name Mary Morstan come up in the printed file, so he figured the name had came after she disappeared. He didn't know what to say or think, all he wanted to do was scream.
"Well, it doesn't matter to you, you're still pretty." John scoffs.
Then, when he jumped over a pile of metal that had fallen in the middle of the walk way, he finally saw outline of John's body on the ground, trapped under a large metal grating.
There is no sound for a moment, then the door closes, and he tries to remember how to breathe.
Greg reached out and placed an almost brotherly hand on John's shoulder, squeezing it ever so slightly in his shaking hand. He lent him a gentle smile, just a small one that told John he had been understood. "We'll celebrate later."
"Good. We're in the basement. Hard to miss. I want you to come to the building, but, you must, for the sake of Sherlock's life, you
"You just woke up."
That voice gives him strength to leave.
"But, that only takes care of Magnussen. What about Akridge?" Sebastian protested.
"No, John-" Sherlock surges forward to reach for him, but stops halfway. He has no right to touch John. He pulls away, and stares awkwardly at the floor instead. "John, I'm so sorry for what I did, but believe me when I say that there was no other way for me-"
He tries to fight it. He tries so hard to fight it, but soon the darkness takes over the edges of his vision, and soon, he cannot see at all, but he hears the voice still trying to pull him back.
6:14.
"Because that would be so
Sherlock's heart nearly stops when he sees John at the sink, humming, and making a mess of the soap. He can't help but watch for a few minutes, just to take in the sight of the man he loves, the one he hasn't seen in three years, doing the same things he's done since they met, like Sherlock never left him behind. It's almost too much.
"They found him."
As he came back to reality, he smiled to himself. "I'm not sure."
Sherlock quickly grabs his arm. "I'm serious, John." He retorts, ignoring the weak glare that the doctor shoots his way. "Besides, I'm thirty eight, you're forty two, we're not very far apart."
John hung up the phone without another word. He looked around the room, and saw the detective's closet door cracked open ever so slightly. He reached out gingerly and pulled the knob back, opening it completely. Everything was just as it always was, except for a manila folder lying flat on the ground. With careful hands, he reached out and picked it up, only to find a note written on the folder in purple pen ink, another thing Sherlock Holmes would never use.
ALSO, I know this chapter is a lot of just me rambling, and it may be a bit boring, but I PROMISE that the story will pick up again. Thanks again for all of your support and love, DESPITE the title change and the long wait, but, I hope this makes up for everything.
To his surprise, though, when their eyes locked, John's gaze was nothing sort of loving once again, and the doctor reached out and stroked his thumb over Sherlock's cheek, brushing any remaining wetness from before. "Sherlock, do you love me?"
The Irish man hesitated. "How do you think she'll do it?" He asked.
He was the sun rising in the morning, the smoke of his high, the cherry on top of the ice cream, the brightest star in his sky, and all of the silly, ordinary clichs that he could think of. He gave him butterflies and fireworks and made him want to sing and dance in the rain during a terrible storm. He had a voice that reminded the Irish man of rustic cities, and warm fires during the winter while you watch the snow come down in tiny flakes. He made him feel like warm cookies fresh out of the oven. He had been brought up to believe that he could never feel a thing, but there were days that Sebastian would say something, or even just look at him with gentle, loving affection, and for a brief moment, Jim Moriarty would forget his own name. He loved him so much that it hurt, and the pain of it was beautiful.
But, just as his eyes begin to slide close, and the voice begins to fade, the sound of beating helicopter blades starts to echo across the desert.
Again, Mycroft looks unimpressed. "Everything is ready for you to be moved, we're just waiting on your nurse to get your release papers." The ghost a smile pulls at his brother's face. "She's clever, that one. Out of everyone here, she was the only one who recognized you, and I made it so she was the only one who came in or out. I might have to hire her." He says, almost fondly.
The Ukrainian grinned. "I'm glad you two are doing well."
He knows he shouldn't feel so upset, he works better by himself anyway, his best friend is happy, he should be content with the situation. But... Being alone again, in an empty flat, it starts to become too much.
Thankfully, instead of protesting, Mycroft purses his lips, and pulls away, but does not take his eyes off of his younger brother. "Are you feeling anxious?"
gone? For good, I mean."
Almost automatically, another group of men swarm his hanging body and unchain his hands from the restraints. It feels almost murder on his aching limps, but he makes no sound, and allows himself to curl limply into their unfriendly arms. They drag him painfully from the room and across the stone floor of their hiding place, allowing him to fall on rocks and scrape up his knees. His head is hanging, and they cannot see him gritting his teeth.
"Are you
"No! No, you didn't do anything-"
Sherlock's own smile lightens the entire room. "Well, there you have it. You're a bisexual ex-army doctor who's in love with a gay consulting detective and now you're stuck with me. People are going to talk, they always will, they'll invalidate you, but just know that they're all idiots anyway and their opinions don't matter."
"No, you git. Well. Yes, maybe that too."
John Watson turns, and smiles down at the sleepy detective. "Hey, I didn't mean to wake you, go back to sleep."
so you're following a dead man's orders, just so you can keep John to yourself. There's nothing left of you, Mary. Nothing." By the time the Ukrainian woman stopped, her voice was thick with tears. "I'm sorry, Mary, but I will not help you this time, I refuse. I'm repaying my debt, and saving three lives."
He turned to John, sure that his eyes were burning with panicked intensity. "John, stay with her." He jumped to his feet and began to run, ignoring John's calls after him as he ran up the steps and threw the door open, signaling the team of medics and Lestrade, telling them to hurry. They followed right away, running down to the basement and dropping right beside Mary. "Get her to the hospital as fast as you can!" He ordered the medics. "She's nine months pregnant and five days past her due date. You'll have to do an emergency C-Section at the hospital, but hurry!" He commanded, pleased with himself when they did nothing to question him.
From a few feet away, Jason Kelleher groaned in pain. He had landed on the floor against some of the heavy metal barrels full of kerosene, one of which, had fallen over and was now spilling out all over the floor, and was struggling to get to his feet.
"This is... New to me, John." He whispered finally. "I buried my feelings until they were screaming in my head, which sounds absurd, but it's true. My mind is a mess, but you keep me right. You always kept me right. I don't know a damn thing about love, but I'll damn well learn for you. I... I don't want to be with anyone else. Ever."
Mary's eyes flickered to the Ukrainian. "Effie. I said kill him." She ordered again, her voice clipped.
"Oh, really?" He demanded casually, pushing past Jim and stepping into the bathroom to get his toothbrush. He didn't look him in the eye, not once, he just continued to pile things in his bag, ignoring Jim completely.
The detective tensed, and pulled away from John, but not far enough so that he was out of his arms. He said nothing, only waited for John to speak while he studied his face.
Sherlock watched John closely, unsure of what to say. Mary was dead. Mary was dead, but the baby was fine. Effie had saved three lives. But, John... John seemed emotionless. He seemed so conflicted, he was digging his fingernails into his palms so hard it was a wonder he didn't draw blood... He was broken, but alive, and he looked like he was happy, but ashamed... Unsure of anything to say, Sherlock reached out and carefully laced his fingers with John's, squeezing them lightly.
"Sher... Sherlock?"
"Another nightmare you can't remember?" Mycroft guesses.
He felt Greg's hand on his arm again, and he turned to find the DI giving him an encouraging smile.
"I'm glad things are going well for you, John." Sherlock uttered, although it was strained.
"Nope." The doctor sighed and pushed himself up, crawling over Sherlock and making an attempt to straighten himself out (which Sherlock found ridiculous, because the baby wouldn't know). "I'm going to go see what she needs."
Hesuddenly feels like something in his heart has been opened, and warmth is suddenly being spread all across his chest, curling in his stomach and heating him from head to toe. It's the sense of longing for something lost that has finally been found, and in that moment, every cell in Sherlock Holmes' body ached from how overdue this all was, and he suddenly realizes that he was wrong before. Baker Street, while being the place he calls home, is nothing more than a house. A material place made of brick and wood and paint. But
At that thought, Sherlock's heart becomes erratic. Suddenly the surface becomes much closer than he remembers it being, and he breaks through the thick water where everything is white and he can't see, but he can hear frantic voices and a loud, shrill beeping sound, but over everything else, he hears one voice that he knows he recognizes in the back of his head.
From his pocket, his phone began to ring. He pulled it out with hope that it was the detective, but his hopes were quickly dashed. It was only Lestrade. "What've you got, Greg?"
"I will try to locate him through that. Where are you?"
The man sighs and just asks for another case. Sleeping is boring.
took Sherlock?"
His heart lurched.
Sherlock Holmes
John remained silent. He didn't even breathe. Soon, he even let go of his wrists.
The man pulls away from him, letting go of his hands, but keeps his left hand on the detective's windpipe, and suddenly is pressing a thick metal blade to Sherlock's stomach. He feelsthe icy serrated steel through his hospital gown, right over top of one of his wounds that had required stitches. He tries to take in a deep breath as he tries to understand why no one has come barging in yet, but then remembers the heart rate sensor is now on his assailant's hand, and he feels a sick sense of dread in his bones as he listens to the monitor, and realizes that the man's pulse hasn't risen at all at the same time the knife slides up his torso.
her husband's in love with you, which has to sting. All of it, her feelings, her pregnancy, it was all real, but when Jim popped up again, she realized it was either kill you, or get exposed and lose everything. She decided she had to get the job done, and so, because she's laid up with a baby, she called me up and asked me to do it." The Ukrainian paused, letting everything she was saying soak in. "I had been on the DL for a while. I didn't want to do this anymore. I started cutting ties, I burnt all of my contacts and aliases in the sink at my house, I was done. When Mary called me and told me she wanted me to kill you and explained why, I made my decision to quit, and finally repay my debt to you. It's a rough way to do it, but it'll be worth it in the end, Sherlock."
"I'm fairly certain that's exactly what your job description said."
Once again, nothing.
The American laughed breathlessly and bitterly at John's remark, and dropped his head. "I won't go to prison, Dr. Watson." He whispered. He pulled the gun out of his lap, and aimed it right at one of the barrels, sending a spark of terror through Sherlock's body. "I'll die first."
"But what if it's a trap?"
he thinks.
Sherlock breathed deeply, inhaling John's scent of tea and sunshine and everything wonderful in the world, and right before he fell asleep, he remembered how lucky he was to have John Watson. It was a miracle he survived, but, that was their life. No matter how beaten or bruised he was when he came out of the wreckage, he'd always come home to Sherlock.
"Hey!" She called after him, alarmed by his hostility. "John! John, what's happened?" She demanded as she heaved herself off of the couch. She was hugely pregnant now, due any day, and the baby was making it hard to move. "John, talk to me, what's happening?"
Once again, Sherlock was at a loss for words. He wasn't sure that he could feel all of those things, but
