He doesn’t remember a lot about the actual murder, and later on, he reads a book in a small library on the edge of a small town him and Dean were at for the weekend that he probably filtered out the murders so he wouldn’t… break.
“I’m… I’m fine.” He said, taking a few deep breaths. He was actually not fine and freaking the hell out, but he wasn’t gonna tell Cassie that.
“I’m not sure, exactly,” he told Dean, a somewhat sleepy and out of it expression on his face. “I just feel as if I should be doing something.”
After shuffling back and forth for about ten minutes, Dean swore softly under his breath and stormed into the hallway, narrowly missing tripping over his own feet in his haste.
Once finished with that Dean moved over to sit next to his angel, leaning his head on his shoulder. “We’re pretty damn good at this, babe,” he remarked. Cas nodded.
I’m actually writing another fic kind of like this right now, but it’s just an outline, and probably won’t be out until I’m almost done with this.
So as they sat in the dark, musty cell of the warehouse, Kevin Tran sleeping in the cell next to them, and Gabriel said ‘nothing is wrong,’ that is a damn lie. And Castiel is going to find out what is wrong, even if it kills him.
The Macleods was another sizable estate on the other side of town, and well known for abusing omegas and abandoning their children if they do not fit the expectations. Nothing was ever proved, but it was well known to everyone. Just as it was known that Fergus, or Crowley as he insisted everyone called him, was looking for a mate.
“A snowman army, huh?” He asked, still chuckling. “Well, I wish him the best of luck.” Dean grinned, sidling over to the seraph and pressing into his side, clinking their mugs together.
As he struggled to breathe, the alphas gloved hand over his face, two shots sounded and the alpha on top of him slumped over, Gabriel immediately wriggling out from under him and shakily stood up, panting. Of course, his trouble wasn’t over yet, because he was accosted by the sight of Castiel gripping a gun, panting as he stared at the dead alphas, then turning to glance at Dean.
Cas shut up, but his mind was still going a mile a minute. Observation? Yeah, that doesn’t sound creepy at all. But he didn’t have any more time to worry, because they were at another door, this one seemingly made out of iron. Dean didn’t knock on this one, and instead just opened it.
“Well, I hope they get married,” Claire said, finality in her tone. “I wanna be a flower girl.” Dean chuckled, looking at his daughter through the rearview mirror.
Again, this is just pretty much a filler and a glimpse into Cas and Gabe’s life on the run, but next chapter is gonna be the good one.
Hey, so this is super short, but I wanted to do a sort of epilogue, and... this is what I came up with.
“Kevin?” Dean asked before entering the actual room where the cells are, as to not scare the omegas. He heard Kevin sigh softly before answering him.
All his big brother said to him was on his command, jump behind that tree, there. (Sam still remembers that tree, its big, gnarled trunk with moss covering it) they waited for about an hour, Dean fidgeting with an old colt gun that he had taken with him from his fathers safe and Sam rubbing his mothers ring (which he kept on a leather cord around his neck) between his index finger and thumb.
But that was the first time, at sixteen years old, that Castiel thought that maybe, just maybe, ‘Nothing is wrong’ means something else entirely.
“You idjits better not be making out in my yard!” They heard the gruff voice of Bobby Singer yell, and both blushed.
Another difference was their smell. While Gabe couldn’t smell Dean at all, tweedle dee and dum’s putrid, disgusting scents came off them in waves, leading Gabe to believe that for some reason, Dean wore scent blockers of his own free will.
Two more shots followed the first one, and all Sam could do was run faster, tears streaming down his face and self-hatred roiling in his stomach.
“You’re ridiculous,” He said, leaning his cheek on his fist as he watched his boyfriend kiss his hand.
Kevin turned back to the doors, taking a deep breath. “Well,” He said, mostly to himself, “Let's go… win, I guess.”
Castiel shivered, running his hands up and down his arms as he moved to the dresser, hanging up his trench coat. From where he was lounging on their bed, Dean wolf-whistled.
“Exactly! He went out of his way to shut as many down as he could, put hundreds of alphas out of business.”
“A pretty damn good day,” He agrees, yawning. This causes Cas to yawn, snuggling deeper into his chest.
“Find my mom, then kill Crowley.” Kevin paused, then sighed softly, the sound prominent in Gabe’s ears. “Night, Gabe.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” The voice asked, bitterness clear in his voice, “You're in a training facility for omegas. To be whipped into shape to serve your new ‘Master’ indefinitely, or until you‘re no longer a fun toy to play with.” The voice, dripping with sarcasm over the word master, let out another dry laugh. “Whoopty doo, huh?”
“Oh, just wonderful. They asked us nicely to roll over and when we did, they gave us a cookie.” He replied sarcastically. Kevin huffed out a cross laugh, and then sighed, the sounds of joints popping.
hit your head. Hey… is your head okay?” Dean, who seemed a little out of it by his mini rant, shook his head then nodded.
“Now now, don’t worry, I won’t do anything of the sort to you, a two in one omega pack? Nah, you’re WAY too expensive for that. And the money I gave your father for you two?” Alastair whistled. “Small countries have lesser riches.” He splayed his hands out.
It was only after Sam had disappeared from view that the smell of the alpha became prominent in Gabe’s mind again, and he swore to himself softly when he remembered why he had called the man over in the first place. Sam had smelled upset, right.
“You two lovebirds done yet?” Jody Mills questioned, and Sam and Gabe pulled apart, both panting slightly. “The case is in like twenty minutes!”
“Crowded,” Dean sighed, rounding the couch and moving Cas’ legs into his lap before sitting down. “But that’s a given. How’s your nap been? I see someone got a fire started.” Cas nodded, yawning as his humans started massaging his feet.
At some point, Cas’ hands had found his, and the warmth of the omega seemed to be slowly seeping into his arm, warming the rest of him up. Cas seemed unaware of this, and instead was tugging him through the woods, Gabriel leading the way and the brothers talked quickly, filling each other in on what the other had missed.
But the Company didn’t. And after eight years of consistent tracking, they finally found the Novak brothers.
An alpha (not Dean) had come into their little celled room about four hours ago and barked something along the lines of ‘night, bed, now, training.’ And then stomped out again.
“Better, I think. With what’s been happening and then… that, I’m surprised Sam isn’t making him stay home 24/7 to get healthy again.” Dean snorts.
Though he wouldn’t be surprised at this point if he had, Sam doubted that was it. Inching closer to the training room, the scent getting stronger, he squeezed his eyes shut and breathed through his mouth. The scent was everywhere, and the fear laced in with it so strong he felt he was going to pass out.
I wrote this entirely on my phone, so if there’s any typos or weird sentences that don’t make sense, that’d be why.
“He popped your shoulder back into place as best you could and then spent another 5 minutes trying to arrange you into a comfortable position.” Kevin chuckled slightly. “By the look on his face, you’d think he’d murdered a puppy with a steak knife. Which, I’m sure he’s done worse.” He sighed.
“Are Uncle Sam and Uncle Gabriel gonna get married?” The small girl asked, tilting her head in a very ‘Cas-like’ manner. Cas in question hesitated, looking back at his daughter.
But he was briefly aware of his brother's voice calling out his name, sounding from thousands of miles away.
“No, no, it’s not you, I mean, not that you care, and not that I care that you don’t care, nor do I care about caring, so, uh, it’s nothing, nothing is wrong, don’t worry about it.” Cas scowled. There it was again.
“Uh-huh! Sam has always enjoyed dogs, it would be quite a thoughtful present for him, don’t you think, Dean?” Though the righteous man wanted to burst out laughing, one look into his angel’s face and he swallowed it back.
“Well, okay then,” He said. “Just… don’t put the baby in the washer.” Then he leaned forward, pressing a gentle kiss to Claire’s forehead. “Daddy will come in to say night in a second, but have sweet dreams, okay honey?” Claire nodded, smiling at her Papa.
Dean simply rolled his eyes and puffed out a hot breath against Castiel’s ear. “You’re forgiven,” he mumbled, already half asleep. “Love you, Cas.” He added, before cuddling even closer to his angel. Castiel in turn just smiled and buried his face in the righteous man’s hair.
“Hey,” he muttered, trying to control his scent to tell the alpha to come over here, “Psst! Sam… it’s Sam, right? C’mere.” Everything was dead silent for a good two minutes, and Gabe was starting to believe that Sam had left, when the younger Winchester brother spoke.
This is one of the types of series that I don’t really take seriously, and am mostly doing for myself because I enjoy these types of AU’s.
“Who-who are you?” Castiel asked timidly, for some reason frightened of what the answer might be. The voice sighed and there was the sound of a head softly hitting against the wall. When it spoke again, it seemed slightly less bitter than before, but worlds sadder.
“Are you even real? I-I mean, you pop into my sucky, terrible life, ask uncomfortable and rather personal questions, aren’t disgusted by me, and in less than a week are helping me escape what is essentially a prison. So…” he lets out a soft snort, staring at Castiel. “Are you real?”
“Sammy, run!” Dean bellowed at him, dodging a hit from Azazel and striking the other alpha across the face. “Go!!!”
After that less-than-pleasant encounter, Dean walked quickly around Sam’s many places that he hung out, mostly the smallest and darkest corners of the warehouse, where he could pretend to clean and nobody would notice he wasn’t actually working.
Castiel sighed, leaning his cheek on his fist and staring down at the papers in front of him. Dean came up behind him, looping his arms around his husband’s shoulders and kissing Cas’ cheek. “Slow going?” He asked. Cas snorted in answer.
And not just simple misery, like the misery of losing a couple of dollars out the misery of having a loved one die. Misery that was so horrible that it made people around it want to break down and cry, misery so deep that it could never be fully erased.
“Uh-huh, sure thing,” The alpha replied sarcastically. Cas answered by half heartedly elbowing him in the ribs (to the best of his ability with Dean's hand still firmly on his arm) and huffing like a frustrated dog.
Castiel winced, hand going over his shoulder to try and grip his back, groaning when all that action does is make the pain worse. He sighs, moving both arms in front of him and laying his head on them, trying to the best of his ability to ignore the throbbing pain the resounded through his back.
Because little did they know, the day Castiel presented as an omega, Gabriel and Castiel were bought. And the reason Chuck never put an effort into finding his two youngest boys was because the people who bought them assured him that they would find them and paid him upfront.
I had a lot of fun doing this, and I hoped you enjoyed reading it! I’m thinking of maybe doing this again next year or with a different holiday, and if you have any ideas for this type of a fic a day thing feel free to tell me, I might actually find time to write it in the next millennia!
“No, one of the bitches who don’t care at all did. I helped by staring at you,” he replied sarcastically before flinching. “Sorry.” Cas frowned.
“You heard Gabe say that to Sam, didn’t you?” Cas turns bright red, hiding his face in Dean’s shirt.
“Sammy? God, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry, kiddo, I should’ve-“ Sam tuned him out in favor of giving his brother a once over. Dean’s eyes were puffy and red, his lips chapped.
Gabe wouldn’t be waking him up unless it was urgent. Then why… Cas froze, the memories flooding back to him.
“I said you should be,” He repeated. “Cas really likes you, you like him, and your scents sort of… meld together, which I’ve never really seen before. So… you should court my brother.” Dean gapes at this, but after a second nods, slightly unnerved by the omegas unwavering stare.
“You heard me,” Dean hissed, opening the cell door and gently grabbing either brother's forearm, softly pulling them out of the small ‘room’ and helping them stand up. Not being able to regain his balance in time, Cas stumbled into Dean's chest.
“You okay?” Dean asked again, reaching the arm that wasn’t on Castiel to scratch the back of his neck. Cas blinked, then scoffed.
Gabe sat down next to him, and after a second lightly placed a hand on the alphas large back. When Sam did nothing but press into the touch Gabe started to softly rub his back in small circles, feeling the tense knots building up under the younger Winchesters skin. He let out a soft breath. “Whoa, you’re really stressed,” He managed and Sam looked up, Gabriel noticed that he had been crying.
And as Dean became a hunter, Sam became a manual slave. Cleaning the dingy halls and training rooms of the Company warehouse day after day, even after presenting as an alpha two years after being captured.
Dean lets out a slightly hoarse laugh. “I’m so goddamn glad Kevin won that trial.” Cas smiles, trailing a hand down the side of Dean’s face.
“They beat me so I’ll do better. And I’m not really one to complain, seeing as I deserve it.” Cas, who looked like he wanted to argue further, didn’t get the chance, because it was at that moment that Deans two goonie friends joined them.
Dean sighed but let his angel leave the bed, sitting up himself and pulling on a shirt. “Fine,” he muttered, standing up to go grab his jeans. “But as soon as we get back, we’re going back to bed.”
So Cas helped patch him up, helped him avoid alphas, and even though it wasn’t okay, it was getting there. But Castiel always knew that ‘Nothing is wrong,’ is the biggest damn lie that his older brother could tell him.
“Gabe!” In an instant, Castiel was on his knees in front of his older brother, holding his shoulders and shaking him as violently as possible. “Gabe!” He yelled again. Gabe grunted, trying to get himself out of his freaked out brother’s grip.
“Why, uh, why would I want to go with you?” He asked, neutrality forced into his tone. Cas merely shrugged.
Castiel had fallen asleep a little over an hour ago, when the same guard as last time came into their little room and told them to go to sleep. Honestly Gabe didn’t know if it was night or day or afternoon. All he knew was that he needed to get his ‘beauty sleep’ so he could be a ‘pretty omega.’
“The feelings mutual, sweetheart,” He murmured into the ex-angel’s ear, grinning when Castiel shivered slightly at the close proximity. They intertwined their fingers and turned back to watch Frosty the Snowman once more.
He walked blindly down the halls, somehow making it all the way to the cell where Dean and him resided before he broke down, tears clouding his vision as he slid his way down the wall and down onto the floor, wrapping his arms around his legs and burying his head in his knees. Tears actually started falling down his face when another realization struck him.
“A baby, sweetheart.” He repeated to his daughter. “You told Daddy that you wanted a baby brother or sister.” Claire bit her lip then nodded.
This time, Cas is too wrapped up in his thoughts to protest, and stays silent until Dean awkwardly clears his throat.
Back inside Singers house Kevin, Sam, and Gabriel sit on the couch, talking amongst themselves until a knock sounds at Bobby’s door, which Jody rushes to get. Smiling, she opens the door, letting in a woman with dark brown hair and sparkling eyes, holding a briefcase.
“I guess. But I think she wants a sibling, I mean, she seemed pretty certain that she wanted a playmate.” Cas simply shrugged, before popping his back and sitting on one side of their bed, looking up at Dean.
As you can tell, I have oh-so creative chapter title ideas. This chapter became kind of video game-y, but that is because I'm shit at fighting scenes. Just a warning, some of the things Ruby says can be triggering, so be warned. Enjoy!
Dean began kneading his knuckles into the tense muscle that expanded across Cas’ back, starting at the shoulders and making his way down to the seraph’s lower back, cheeks going cherry red when Cas groaned. His hands stilled, and Dean glanced down at Castiel, slightly concerned. “You okay?” He asked roughly and Cas groaned again.
“Eyes on the ground, boy,” The alpha that had shoved the Novak to the trainer snarled at him. Anger welled up in Sam, and he snarled back, blinking in shock when the omega did too. The guards, who also seemed surprised by the omegas reaction, just yanked him along, and Sam hurriedly went back to scrubbing his fresh blood off the floor.
“Where-where are we?” Sam’s voice shook as he glanced around at the dark room with a low hanging ceiling and walls with chipped and peeling paint.
Dean walks hurriedly into the kitchen, eyes widening at the sight of Cas. “Oh, no you don’t,” He says, walking over quickly to clean the cheerios off the floor, then pulling Cas up into his arms, the omega sighing happily and leaning into his alphas neck, snuffling at the biting mark placed there.
Jack smiled at the sight of them and stood up to help, taking a tray from Gabriel to set it in the middle of the map table.
“I apologize,” Castiel whispered to Dean, who had nuzzled his head against the ex-angels shoulder and wrapped his socked feet against Cas’ legs. “I didn’t know it would take that long.”
“Gumdrop!” Gabriel cheered as soon as Claire ran into his shop, the large sign outside announcing it as The Novak Bakery. He swung his niece up into the air, making her shriek with giggles.
“Cas?” Dean asked abruptly, minutes later. Castiel hummed a response, not looking up from the gift. “I love you.” This time Cas did look up, face illuminated by the Christmas tree lights.
“No, no, I’ll do anything… please, please, ple--” Warm hands closed around his face, shaking him slightly.
The worst part of it all was the fact that he couldn’t do anything to help. Cas couldn’t go against alphas, since they use their pheromones in fights to incapacitate omegas, and he couldn’t be incapacitated without Gabriel finding out.
“He owns my mom. Bought her two years ago, with me in tow. Apparently the first class pretty boy omega he had his rotten eyes on escaped, lucky bastard. Anyway, the best he could get was a widowed omega and her son.  Sent me off here to get me whipped into shape for ‘a good buyer’ but he hasn’t done anything, and the Company can’t do anything to sell me without his consent. So…” his voice trailed off, Gabriel was having trouble speaking.
Dean, whose hand was shaking slightly, exhaled. “He’s going to a different training center,” He mumbled under his breath. “They think that omega siblings can’t be trained together, it forms too much of a codependency bond. He’ll be okay, I’ll check on him later, I promise.” Though this did little to nothing to sooth his nerves, Castiel appreciated the alpha trying to calm him down. So instead, he asked a different question.
When he gets closer to the room, Sam frowns at the smell. While that room always smells of nothing but fear, and still does, this time it is laced with the scent of toffee and freshly baked cookies. Sam sniffs the air, confused. Did Alastair start a baking club?
He leaned his forehead against Castiel’s and murmured gruffly, “You-you’re gorgeous, you know that? Absolutely beautiful, Castiel. I...I love you so goddamn much.”
“I’m not a big fan of alphas, and that’s probably a part of it.” Kevin hesitated. “He’s the one that brought you down here, carrying you and holding Gabe over his shoulder. Argued with the other guard that he could do it himself, I heard him.” Kevin paused again.
“Please.” Gabe came forward, not hesitating to grab the tie and behind tying it the correct way. “I, uh,” Sam cleared his throat. “Never really learned how. Been a bi— I mean, slave for so long I either completely forgot how to or never learned at all.” Gabe laughed softly, already stepping back, hands still on Sam’s chest.
Knowing there was no arguing with Sam, the older Winchester simply sighed and held out a gloved hand. Sam grabbed it, pulling himself up and away from the window.
Gabriel closed his eyes, focusing on finding the faint scent of a sort of dulled minty smell and windex cleaner.
“Cas? What the hell was that?” He moves one of his hands to Cas’ back and again, he flinches at the action. “Are you hurt? Should I go get--”
“Hey,” Castiel murmured back to his boyfriend, moving to blearily stare up at Dean. “How was the store?”
“Ah, Gabriel, just the son I wanted to see,” Chuck beamed up at him from his desk, gesturing at the squishy chair that sat opposite of it. “Please, take a seat, my son. We have much to discuss.” Well, Gabe wasn’t expecting that.
“Ow,” Dean winces as Cas presses the clean strip of the fabric against his side, which was generously donated by Sam. “Who knew getting shot hurt?” He joked half-heartedly. Cas looked up at him with worry in his clear blue eyes. This wasn’t good. Dean was losing blood, and though not as quickly as he could have been, he was still getting paler by the minute.
“Who, Dean?” Kevin asked drily. “He doesn’t have a choice. Got him and his brother captured a few years ago, the idiot.”
“We’re not sure yet,” He said, looking up into his husband's brother's face. “But… we’re hoping.” Bobby clapped him on the shoulder, before moving past him to grab a wrench, speaking while he moved.
“Gabriel.” Awkwardly yet gently, Sam to his hand and quickly shook it, and Gabriel could feel the rough calluses that coated his palms. Then the alpha let go and stumbled to his feet, waving awkwardly again as a goodbye. Gabriel waved back.
But Sam didn’t dwell on that for too long. Focusing on the grass outside of the window yet again, he frowned. If only there was a way to escape, to get out. If only—
“I have a secret,” Castiel randomly told Dean, looking up in the righteous man’s bright green eyes from where he’s laying on his chest. Dean raised an eyebrow at his boyfriend but smiled softly anyway.
Then, the Company’s men appeared out of the forest, Guns cocked and pointed at Dean and Azazel. They also didn’t notice that Sam had the colt.
“Could we help you guys, in any way?” Kevin asked, directing his question towards Jody and Bobby, who shrugged.
“What? No. Why would I say I have a secret and then say I’m not going to tell you? That’s ridiculous.” Dean chuckled, kissing the top of his angel’s head.
. They’re hot, blistering hot, and feel as if they are going to burn holes straight through him. And then a voice.
“Now,” Pamela Barnes clapped her hands together, beaming out at the people assembled before her, all waiting for her to start speaking as they sprawled out on Bobby’s couches and chairs (Kevin sat on the coffee table). “Hello, fuckers and fuckees, I have important news.” She paused, waiting for everyone to look at her questioningly. The beta was nothing if not dramatic. “Kevin will be going to court against Alastair.”
So with this human series, I have a BUNCH of ideas. A couple of which revolve around Cas and Dean and the kids, a couple which revolve around Sam and Gabriel. Even a few with other ships, like Charlie and Dorothy and the (very, very, VERY) long-dead Adam and Samandriel. Unless someone requests it, however, I doubt I would write the series.
A scent abuser. And in a split second, the meeting of Alastair went from scary to mind numbing terror.
“Sounds lovely, Dean,” He said happily, pulling out of his boyfriend’s arms. “I’ll go get my coat, you get Sam and Jack?” He asked, stretching. Dean nodded, lunging forward to kiss the ex-angel on the temple.
“He’s suggested it a few times,” Castiel admitted. “But he wouldn’t go without me and I… I wasn’t sure I’d be welcome.”
When Dean was healed, Castiel helped him sit up and then stepped away. Sam, who had finally stopped asking questions, rushed to his brother’s side. Dean looked up at the Angel standing before him, an inscrutable expression on his face. Or maybe Castiel was simply too afraid to try to interpret it. “Cas?” His tone was wary and unsure. What was the next part of his question? Castiel decided he didn’t want to find out. He had said all he needed to say to this brave, loving, beautiful person in front of him. And he had had a chance to save him yet again. That was how he wanted this to end, not with Dean asking him questions about why he’d said it- or scolding him for it.
The question should have seemed absurd, but given the many less-than-awesome iterations Heaven had gone through, Dean thought it was valid. “Bobby says they’re all great. Jack got Heaven fixed up right. No more jail or locks or any of that dick angel stuff. Well, Jack and Cas.” He felt his face heat up at the mention of their friend. Dammit. This was Heaven. Shouldn’t he be cured from things like blushing?
“Um…” Dean cleared his throat awkwardly. “But just… sorry, man, I just want to make sure I’m getting it right. You seemed like you were a pretty hard no when I asked if you meant, like, flowers and chocolates and shit.”
“From rebar,” Dean interrupted, still feeling annoyed that he’d almost been taken out on such a dumb run-of-the-mill hunt after surviving God less than two months before.
But it couldn’t reach everywhere, because Dean Winchester was covering as much of him as he could with his own body. Their torsos were pressed together, shoulder to hip. One of Dean’s strong arms wrapped around his neck, while the other held Castiel firmly around the waist. The Empty poked at the seams where their bodies met, but it couldn’t get in. It tried again. And again.
“Did you ever think,” he began, hating the fear audible in his voice, “that you’re not a human, so I didn’t think you wanted stuff like that. Didn’t think you felt stuff like that. Aren’t Angels not supposed to…” he trailed off, unsure how to put it into words.
“I know, Dean, I know,” Sam interrupted. “That’s exactly my point. If he didn’t tell you of all people that he was back, then something really bad must have happened. What?”
“Were you ever gonna tell me, or just let me keep looking forever?” he snapped. Not what he should have done. Not how to keep him from leaving. Damn, when was he going to stop screwing this up?
He guided Castiel upstairs and into the kitchen, where he deposited the former Angel into a chair. He brought him a glass of water, which Cas drank eagerly, still not looking at him. “When was the last time you ate anything?” he asked, knowing full well that Cas avoided food unless Dean or Jack begged him to try something, because he didn’t like the taste of the molecules.
“You could make it up to me?” Castiel suggested. He was smart, Dean conceded, and he knew Dean well. He could never convince Dean that all his past mistakes could be simply forgiven through the power of love. But give Dean a chance to make it right? To show his love through action? Dean would make sure that Castiel felt as loved as possible, and in the process would allow himself to be loved in return.
“I wish you could see yourself the way I see you,” Castiel stated, daring a glance at Dean. He looked devastated. “Or the way everyone else sees you, so you know it’s not just a clueless fallen Angel with a bad grasp on humanity. I wish you could see yourself the way Sam sees you. The way Jack sees you-”
“No,” Castiel replied, a soft smile on his face. “I’m letting you try to explain it because I had this exact same conversation with him several weeks ago and it was incredibly jarring and now you can experience it too.”
Halfway through the eight hour drive, Dean turned down the music. Castiel braced himself. Dean had been kind at first, of course he had. But the words that Castiel had said in the dungeon were gnawing at Dean, perhaps the implications were only now sinking in, and eventually-
Castiel allowed himself to get lost in the music, the car, Dean’s presence beside him. He let the personal anxieties of a few hours ago and the impending doom of the hours to come fall away. They drove on.
“You’ve switched schools before?” Castiel asked. If Dean, who seemed warm and friendly and not at all lost, had gone through this successfully, maybe there was hope for him too.
Castiel had no response to that, but even with his face angled away, Dean could see that he was blushing.
“We’re fixing Heaven. Making it the way it should always have been. Jack’s doing a really wonderful job.”
But Castiel had returned- though he was still a bit vague on exactly how he'd managed it- and had assured Dean that it wasn't the hunter's fault he had been left behind. Dean had been overjoyed to have his friend back and eagerly anticipated cases when they would require the angel's expertise so they could call on him. Castiel had gone a step further and told the brothers that he wanted to work with them more frequently. In fact, he had announced that he wanted to be their "third wheel".
The look on Castiel’s face was painfully similar to the one he’d given Dean as he said he loved him. So open and happy and just unadulterated Cas. But it was also tinged with a sadness and frustration that made Dean want to kick himself. Castiel gave a weak smile before saying softly, “I wish you’d told me that.”
“Of course I would have told you! Dammit, Sammy, if I had known that Cas wasn’t stuck in some cosmic timeout, of course I would have-”
Bobby sighed. “You don’t need to say it, Dean. Look, there’s a lot of reasons I offered to let you two boys stay with me when you were kids. But this thing that you can’t say? That was a big one.”
“Bobby-“ There was something else he needed to say, something else that he still couldn’t find the words to confess.
“What do you mean?” Not that Dean thought playing dumb was going to deter Sam. But gods, he did not want to talk about this. He didn’t even know how to talk about this.
“You changed me. And I think you’d be the first to say that this me is an improvement over when we first met.”
Had Dean said that? Well, it was true, but he certainly hadn’t meant to make Cas feel bad about it. “Yeah, it is. And I’m going to make you taste a million different things until you can appreciate lots of awesome food. But right now, we’re going for the old standards. One peanut butter and jelly sandwich coming up.”
At Castiel’s frantic tone, Dean sat up instantly and stopped laughing. Blue eyes met green as Dean grabbed Castiel by his forearms, holding them both steady. “I’m fucking in love with you, Castiel. And I guess you feel the same. And we’re both so freaking obvious about it that Sammy thought we were dating.”
Dean was about to launch into an explanation of why Sam's contemporary music should never be played, regardless of circumstances, and to lament that his greatest failing in raising his baby brother was that he hadn't been able to teach him good music, but he was interrupted by Castiel.
His thoughts were cut off as another jolt of pain shot through him. After, he felt weak and vaguely sick. Fading. Dean was fading. “Jack, please, I know you don’t want to interfere. But he’s dying. Please, Jack, he finally has a chance to live.”
“Don’t give me that crap,” Bobby scoffed. “You’re settled in, Dean. You’ve seen your family. Your brother is here and settled too. You’re out of excuses. When are you going to go find that angel of yours?”
But Cas loved him, didn’t he? Or, had loved him a few weeks ago, before Dean had completely blown his shot at the one chick flick moment he always wished he could have. Maybe Cas still had enough fondness for him to allow him this?
Castiel often felt that Dean was selling Jack extremely short when he called the nephilim a “juiced up toddler” and “even more clueless than you used to be, Cas”. He believed that Jack had an astounding degree of emotional intelligence, but sometimes lacked the words to describe what he felt or observed. Now, here was the proof.
Dean didn’t even smile at the comment. He just looked wary. “So you mean like… love. Chocolates and roses and shit.”
“Hey, Cas.” Okay, that was a start. But then… nothing came after it. They stood there staring at each other as they had so many times before. But this was nothing like those times at all.
“From rebar,” agreed Castiel. “From your negative opinions of yourself. You deserve to be saved and you deserve to be loved.”
“Oh,” breathed Castiel, because he didn’t know what else to say. Apparently his silence made Dean worried, because he gave Castiel a little shake and spoke again.
Thus it was decided that Jack would be fixing Heaven during his brief stint as God as well. Dean, Sam, and Cas returned to the Bunker while Jack left on his quest to repair everything. The first thing he did was bring everyone back, so there were many roadtrips in those first weeks. Visiting Jody and Donna. Meeting up with Claire and Kaia to take out a nest of vampires who wore stupid masks. It was a routine hunt that went off without a hitch, but Dean had been nervous about Cas hunting without his powers. So had Claire, though she pretended not to be. Dean could tell that Castiel had noticed, and it clearly made him glow with happiness. Sam often went away for a few days in a row to visit with Eileen.
Castiel wasn’t sure if he was relieved or heartbroken that that was the part of what he’d said that Dean felt the need to question first. He wasn’t yelling at Castiel for his inappropriate feelings. But he was once again demonstrating how tragically little he thought of himself.
Sam had gotten back early from his morning run. Or maybe Dean had gotten a little distracted while making breakfast. Cas looked adorable in his dead guy robe, okay? Dean couldn’t be held at fault here. Whatever the reason, Sam had walked in on them kissing over morning coffee while the bacon got a little too crispy.
They were home. In one piece. For the first time, it occurred to Dean that he really almost hadn’t made it back this time. Sam parked the car but made no move to get out. “You don’t have to tell me. I wish you would but you don’t have to. But you should talk to him.”
So yeah, anyway, Dean wasn’t doing great at this whole thing, but he also hadn’t completely fucked up yet. It was actually going as well as it could, given the whole fighting with God problem. They didn’t really have time for there to be major changes in their dynamics. Though they did seem to casually touch more often and maybe Sam had smirked at them for it a few times before getting back to figuring out how to defeat literally God.
Castiel stepped closer, putting his hand on Dean’s shoulder, on the place where he had put his hand so many years ago as he dragged Dean from Hell, and simply said, “Goodbye, Dean.”
The scene in the barn was something out of Castiel’s worst nightmares, when he was human and actually had nightmares. Dean was pinned up against a post, a piece of rebar shoved through his back. Sam was standing before him, holding him up, trying to keep the pressure off the metal tearing through his big brother’s chest as Dean’s legs grew weak. They were saying goodbye.
He stepped back so he could look his Angel in the eyes, but kept a firm grip on Cas’s shoulders. He couldn’t let Cas think for a second that he was pulling away. “I’ll say it now. You say we have forever, Cas, but with our track record, anything can happen.” He paused and took a deep breath. There’d be no going back now. There had been no going back since Cas had said what he’d said. Maybe there’d been no going back since Hell.
For a brief moment, Dean got lost in a twenty five year old memory of his father moving them to a new town because he “didn’t like the look” of Dean’s new friend. A twenty three year old memory of John angrily explaining to Dean that he shouldn’t be so physically affectionate with his male friends. A twenty year old memory of John appearing out of nowhere and beating the hell out of some guy in a bar for buying Dean a drink. Dean hadn’t known his father was watching and had been flattered and excited just minutes before.
If you asked Gabriel about the Shurley Estate, he would simply say ‘Hell pretending to be Heaven.’ Because yes, the gardens where well pruned, and the rooms of the enormous mansion where all in perfect shape, plus the food was the most delicious that you ever will taste, but the people that resided inside of the large grounds- the Shurleys- made life a living hell for anyone with a speck of kindness in their hearts.
“Honestly, if you seriously think we’re going to tell you and ruin the surprise--” Dean interrupted the blonde by grabbing her by the shoulders and slamming her into the wall behind her.
“You know those are chick-flicks, right?” He asked, eyebrows raised. Cas turned to look at him, shooting the human a fed-up expression.
“Course. C’mon, Sammich.” They both stood up and Pam promptly ignored them, already starting to go over points to bring up in Kevins case. Gabe quickly led Sam outside by the hand still on his arm, bringing them over to the porch were they were sitting before. Sam quickly sat down, crossing his legs and burying his face in his hands.
I’ve gotten more than a couple of furious comments on how I ended this, and I can’t say I blame you. The problem is that I don’t want to try and write a bunch of legal stuff for a made-up universe, make you read it, and then get to the end, and I’ve always been a fan of the more open-ended stories.
“First,” She hung the stethoscope around her neck, “You should be grateful. Second,” She was back to rooting around in her bag, “It’s for a good reason.” Kevin, who had so far been silent, raised his eyebrows.
Dean's hands were trembling. He knew that Castiel could tell, but the omega was kind enough not to say anything. ‘Coward,’ he cursed himself softly. He wasn’t the one that was about to be poked and prodded at like a slab of meat, and yet he was terrified.
“Right, because that makes perfect sense,” He replies sarcastically. Leaning over he presses a quick kiss to his giggling daughter’s forehead before grabbing an apple, making his mate gasp dramatically.
After a few more minutes of getting everyone situated Gabe snapped his fingers and all of the candy was unwrapped and put into large bowls, to the left of the cookie trays. He took the lead by grabbing two cookies, a bag of icing (which was right next to the candies), and a handful of candy from each bowl before sitting back in his chair. Once he noticed everyone was still staring at him, yet to touch anything, he made a ‘hurry-up’ gesture with his hand.
Sammy found the window a couple of weeks into their time in the Company. A small; slightly grimy thing that’s about three times smaller than an average window, and the only one that isn’t constantly guarded, seeing as it doesn’t open.
When their lips finally touch, Dean lowering his head slightly and Cas tilting his up, Dean swears he’s in some sort of fever induced dream.
“Well, as Gabe put it, we are sort of like the fancy gay couple of the bunker.” At Dean’s sputter, Cas let out a giggle, biting his lip and staring shyly up at his boyfriend. “You’re cute when you’re angry,” He teased and Dean sighed, grabbing Cas’ hand and bringing it up to kiss it, then facepalmed into the open palm, prompting Cas to laugh again. “What are you doing?”
“Oh? And you’re not gonna tell?” Cas frowned, confused, and wrinkled his nose softly, shaking his head.
The moment he sees his brother forced onto the ground, his scent so obviously terrified and in pain, Cas’ vision goes red with rage and he tackles one of the alphas off of his big brother, freeing Gabriels arm in the process as Cas punches the alpha in the face once, twice, three times before the masked man manages to grab Cas’ forearm and flip him over.
“Great! So, it’s Monday, and I’ll ship you out with Ruby on Wednesday, and then you should get there by Friday! Very well then, dismissed.” The beta turned back to his computer, and it was as if Sam was never even there. After sitting in shock for about three seconds, Sam shakily got to his feet, and left the office.
Dean watched in horror as Castiel’s grace poured from his neck. The terrible black goo surrounding them lapped it up, slurping it away into nothingness. When the last drop was gone, it pulled back, releasing Castiel, who collapsed forward into Dean’s arms. It hovered just behind him and though it made no sound, Dean got the very distinct impression that it was… annoyed.
He drove to a field a little way away from the Roadhouse, a little farther away from John and Mary’s house. If this was going to happen, they were not getting interrupted halfway through. The field was full of wildflowers and buzzing with bees. He’d often thought of Castiel when he drove past it.
Castiel shifted his arm and manifested his Angel Blade into this plane of existence. As soon as he felt its solid weight in his hand, he reached up, ignoring Dean’s shouts of protest as the motion caused his grip to loosen, and drew the blade across his throat.
“Never.” And god, how selfish did he have to be? Asking an Angel of the Lord to stay forever? Cas just said he was busy in Heaven.
Dean laughed at that, pulling Castiel to his feet and heading out of the room, keeping their hands intertwined. “Yeah, I guess we should. Got our heads out of our asses, didn’t he? But just because this worked out for us doesn’t mean he’s off the hook. Just wait ‘til the next time we see Jess.”
Dean nodded, but said nothing else. The silence stretched on for minutes. Castiel wanted desperately to reach out and turn the music back up, but he couldn’t make his arm move. Was his human body failing him already? No. No he knew from the creeping chill up his spine and the pounding in his chest that it was his own mind stopping him from cranking up the classic rock. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Dean grabbed Castiel by the sleeve of his trench coat and pulled him back in. He didn’t hesitate. He kissed him. Soundly. And Castiel kissed back. The Angel’s technique was admittedly lacking, but he more than made up for it in enthusiasm. It was at this moment that Dean realized that technically, neither of them needed to breathe anymore. He grinned into the kiss.
Dean felt sick, embarrassed over a crush that went nowhere from twenty five years ago. But at the same time, he felt more at peace than he had in decades. Still, Bobby was just one of the important people in his life.
“Anyway, I should be able to disperse all of this energy and be home in a few days. See you soon!” And just like that, Jack, their son, God, was gone.
Except they weren’t his final moments. Because he was here. In the end, it was that that finally managed to take first place in the millions of things Dean wanted to say. “You’re back. How? Cas, I swear I looked, but I couldn’t find any way to break into the Empty.”
And just like that, the tension melted away. The air between them melted back into the warm safety and absolute understanding that defined their connection, but now was mixed with a sparkle of excitement and new possibilities. Castiel knew there would be several long conversations ahead, about his sexual boundaries and the parameters of their new relationship, and explaining all of this to Charlie, but he also knew that they would work it out, as they always did.
“I didn’t know you felt that way. Or that you could feel that way. You’re a freaking Angel of the Lord, Cas. And I’m just- you used to call me the Righteous Man. But I’m not that. I’m not God’s plans. We all sacrificed a lot to prove that. I’m just-“
“I won’t be like Chuck,” he assured them, though Dean honestly needed very little assurance. “I just want to set everything back the way it was supposed to be, and then I won’t use the power anymore. Maybe I can even find a way to disperse it, somehow, and then I can come home.”
He hung up and looked at Cas. Cas who was here, Cas who was human, Cas who… loved him? For one terrible moment, he thought of what would have happened if he hadn’t managed to stop the Empty. If he had gotten that call from Sam while still sitting in the dungeon, staring at the spot where Cas had been and wondering how everything had gone so wrong.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to be. Dean knew that this wasn’t something he could ever have, not in a million years in a thousand universes, but if it were to happen that Castiel somehow loved him, finding out about it should be the best thing that ever happened to him. But this was horrid. This was a nightmare.
This was stupid. Dean felt so stupid. His throat was burning and he was sure there were a few tears he hadn’t managed to blink back. He was so pathetic, asking an Angel for scraps of attention. An Angel who had saved his life just a few hours ago. How dare he ask him for anything else?
“That sounds great, kid,” Dean told him, reaching out to ruffle his hair. To ruffle the hair of God. Yeah, that was going to be weird for a while. Jack beamed up at him.
“Okay,” Sam said carefully. It made sense that Heaven’s rhythm would be so very different, but he still worried that Dean’s long drive was rooted in fear and avoidance more than enjoying the open road. “Should we go say our hellos, then? Together?”
Now, here was Dean, running into harm’s way yet again to protect his family. Despite their many arguments and how strained things had been between them recently, Castiel knew Dean still thought of him that way. Maybe Castiel was that family member who was always ruining everyone’s plans, or the family member that the brothers really wished wouldn’t hang around so long, but still family.
One night, Cas entered Dean’s room- their room?- looking deeply lost in thought. He sat on the edge of the bed and took Dean’s hands in his, staring into his eyes before speaking. The power in Castiel’s gaze was, as always, breathtaking.
“Freaking humiliating,” Dean interjected. Castiel felt himself flinch at the words. It was bad enough for one’s love to be unwanted, but for it to be embarrassing to its recipient...
Sam sighed. “Maybe because he assumes that whatever it is, you don’t want to talk about it. Come on, Dean, you know how to get in touch with him if you want.” He sighed again and looked down at his lap, fiddling with the car keys. “You almost died today, Dean. For real. On a pretty basic hunt. In our lives, it’s really stupid to leave things unsaid. Because something could happen to us at any time. Look, I’m not going to try to put words to whatever it is you guys have between you. But it’s important. It’s something that matters so much to the both of you. We’re free now, Dean. Free to live whatever lives we want. We have a place we call home and we know where all our friends are. We call them sometimes just to say hi. You have a dog. This is all so great. And you’re miserable.” Dean didn’t even try to argue. “You’re always sad when he’s not here, and thinking that he’s been trapped in the Empty all this time has been eating you up. He’s back. He’s safe. And clearly still watching out for us. Just talk to him.” He got out of the car without bothering to wait for a reply he knew he wouldn’t get.
“If you’re soot-free now, you can stop hiding in the bathroom,” Sam pointed out loudly, startling Dean from his musings. Dean huffed in annoyance and flopped onto the unoccupied bed. It was a good thing that his brother could read him so well; their strong connection had saved both of their lives on countless hunts. But when it came to Castiel, he wished Sam was a little less observant.
“Yeah, I’m… I’m Dean. And honestly, Cas, Dean has a lot of crap going on in his head. And I’m terrible at relationships. In all their many forms. I’m just bad at it. And it seemed kind of- I don’t know. Wrong? Pompous? Creepy? To be into an Angel. But Cas, you’re everything to me. Just as much as Sammy is. You’re my family. And I don’t ever want you to leave us again.”
Miracle sniffed at his hand, looking for pets. Perhaps he could tell how Dean was feeling, or maybe he just really loved his human and didn’t want to be forgotten. Somehow, it was that that made Dean speak. This dog who had only known him a few weeks on Earth loved him. Sam loved him. Bobby loved him.
“Well, we should probably head back. Don’t want to leave your brother alone after he came all this way to see you. Besides,” he continued, seeing the disappointed look on Dean’s face, “we should probably thank him.”
He was twelve when he realized that couples who paired off for life were typically involved sexually and when the two people were of the same gender, that was called being gay and some people thought that was wrong. Unfortunately, that lesson came by way of his mother ranting about queer representation in the media, and how it was against God’s will.
In the past fifteen minutes, Dean could honestly say that he had completely forgotten about Chuck. The fact that he, of all things, was what was concerning Cas right now made Dean somehow hate him even more. “Well you wouldn’t be any help dead, either,” Dean managed to reply. He glanced again at the blood on his sleeve. He thought of burned wings on the ground. Of Castiel walking into a lake. Of a peaceful field of flowers where Dean had said goodbye to his best friend. He was suddenly glad Cas still wasn’t looking at him. “Come on, let’s get out of the dungeon.”
"Yeah, you'd better, Dean," Sam agreed, settling down in the room's single armchair with his laptop. "They'd probably charge extra for getting soot on all their furniture."
“Why?” If Dean could talk about why he had to move, maybe Castiel could too, and maybe it wouldn’t be as bad as his mother said.
“Of course I do. But Jack is about to give up his powers. He wants to come and live his life on Earth, here in the Bunker if you and Sam don’t mind.”
“I love you!” Dean blurted. Shouted? He hoped he hadn’t shouted. “Cas, I’m so sorry, when you said it I was just focused on you not getting killed and then we were talking about what exactly you meant and then we were with Sam and Jack and trying to find out what happened to everyone and I didn’t say it. But I love you, Cas, I love you so damn much.”
Dean stood to leave, but Castiel stuck out a hand to stop him. He had gone from feeling crushed to utterly confused. Dean’s words didn’t make sense, but he didn’t seem angry, so Castiel felt that he had to at least try to make sense of the situation. “I don’t understand, Dean. I feel like we’re having two different conversations.”
“Nothing’s wrong,” Castiel answered, but it was obviously untrue. “He’s done with everything. He found a way to disperse all of Chuck’s power so that it will become part of the innate magic and energy that exist in all things. But he asked me if I wanted him to do one more thing first.”
Castiel could feel himself blushing. Already, being human was putting him at a disadvantage. “Every word.” At least he’d kept his voice steady.
"How long you gonna wait, boy?” Bobby asked him one night. It was just the two of them sitting on the porch, and they’d been watching the night sky in companionable silence.
As Dean worked to find ways to build better machines, Castiel studied ways to help the planet. He wondered at times if they could work together on projects relating to green energy; they were such a perfect team that they could surely make a difference in the field.
Then he shoved him, still smiling, pushing Dean away and onto the floor as that black goo surged towards him, clearly here to drag him away to a place where Dean could never reach.
“Jack pulled me out,” Castiel explained. The silence stretched on. Neither of them moved. Finally, hesitantly, Castiel spoke again.
Castiel’s smile grew, wide and gummy but with no tears this time, and no impending doom. “I heard that too. And I agree.” He leaned in for another kiss.
“Anyway, I’m going to go to the RA tomorrow and ask if I can get a different room tomorrow, if that’s cool with you?”
“I should have been able to keep you both safe.” Dean sighed. This wasn’t what he was trying to say. “But before that. On the car ride. Do you know what I was thinking?” He didn’t wait for Castiel to respond. Based on what happened next, Castiel likely thought Dean was thinking some fairly terrible things. “I felt bad for you, yeah. I knew you were hurting and that losing your powers was awful. But there was a part of me- please don’t take this the wrong way, Cas, but a part of me was kind of excited. My best friend was human now. He was coming home with us. And I would get to show him all the really cool parts of being human. As we were driving, I was thinking up all the cool recipes I could try on you, or where I wanted to take you to get your first slice of pie. I was thinking about how we could work in dumb tourist crap while we drove around looking for hunts. You’d never been to a county fair before. Or mini golf. Or a baseball game. I hated that you were upset, Cas, but I was so excited thinking of all the ways I could make being human not suck for you. Make it fun.”
“I—” he began, then paused, sniffing at the air yet again. Then he frowned, hesitating slightly. “Have… have you taken a blocker lately?” Dean frowned at his question, moving a hand up to his neck where his scent gland was before his eyes widened.
Scent abusers, which Castiel had never actually seen in real life but had been shown pictures of the dreaded can in school, were hell, to put it shortly. In junior high and high school, when they had their subgender education presentations, this was one of the biggest points talked about, because it was one of the most dangerous and terrifying things that could happen to omegas.
“It’s Gabriel, he’s been hyping everyone up for the past month, it was bound to get to Sam eventually.” The ex-angel mused, thinking back to the sight they had seen when they had come into the bunker; Sam Winchester chugging eggnog with a Santa hat perched on his head, laughing with Jack and Gabe.
Hey, so to clear things up for this chapter, if someone has boughten an omega, they have the right to do whatever they want with them, and nobody can protest.
“You’ve killed so many of my kind, even if you didn’t want to,” Cas told him, an inscrutable look on his ethereal face. “How could I even stand to look at you-- let alone love you-- when you're nothing more than a monster?”
“But that doesn’t mean we can’t hurt you, ya see.” Grinning maniacally, he went on. “One or two little sprays of this baby,” He made a joking move with the can towards Gabriel, who jumped, “Is nearly invisible to alphas! AND it will still hurt like hell! So don’t worry, we can still hurt you.” Dean’s voice came into Cas’ head.
“C’mere,” He repeated. He retracted his arm back inside the cell and waited for a second. A few seconds later Sam appeared, and Gabe’s heart jumped to his throat.
“Ye-es, in fact, it’s possibly the best idea I’ve come up with in a long, long time.” Alastair clasped his hands together again. “Now, as you know, you’re pretty much the cleaning lady of this warehouse, and this was a totally spur-of-the-moment idea of mine. But it turns out, nobody else ever thought to have an alpha Cinderella. God knows why, probably because omegas are the big thing.” He rolled his eyes dramatically. “However, alphas have a VERY good work ethic, and are a LOT stronger, for moving things! Now, as you are already whipped into shape, how do you feel about going down to the Company’s main headquarters to meet Lucifer, who is actually VERY interested in the idea?” If possible, Sam's hands shook even more.
And no more than a split second later, another shot rang out,  but this one caused blinding white hot pain to course through his side.
“Really?” Kevin asked, disbelief in his tone. “I didn’t smell him, and we’re actually pretty close friends. How’d you do it?” Gabriel shrugged, looking uncomfortable.
Or at least, Alastair can try shipping off his younger brother. Because his entire life Dean has protected Sammy, and over his dead body will a couple of greasy losers take his little brother for him. He’d rather take a bullet than be separated from Sam.
“Not exactly, no, but it's definitely a boarding place for sold omegas.” He swore sharply, slapping his hand down onto the ground. “I shoulda known that Father wouldn’t have just forgotten about us for no damn reason. We were too expensive for him to forget about. He probably sold us the day you went into heat.”
“Good! I and Sully played Rocket, and flew to Pluto! Then…” Claire continued to chat, Sam laughing and nodding as she narrated her stories.
“Why do they beat you? Do you deserve it?” Gabe’s never really felt bad for an alpha, but at this moment, he does. Dean looks like a lost puppy, obviously having no clue as to why Cas is even interested at all.
“Like I said, he’s Dean’s brother. ‘Cept for he’s not a hunter. Sort of a… alpha Cinderella.” He snorted. “The cleaning lady. I’ll have to tell him that, he’ll find it hilarious.” Gabe frowned.
“Sometimes. Mostly...mostly just at night. But it’s fine, Dean. I’ll be fine. Just go to sleep.” Dean hesitated, obviously arguing with himself before shaking his head, then nodding. He grabs Cas’ arm and slings it over his shoulder, pulling the ex-angel to his feet.
Expecting a beating, he hunkered down against the wall, growling softly, but all the alpha did was grunt.
“Have you ever really looked into the mechanics of training? Which omegas they take? To take one, the trainers have to look for the responsible alpha, the man who is ‘in charge’ of the omega. Can’t be a beta.” Singer paused for a minute, leaning forward on his fist. Jody patted him on the back sympathetically. “Some asshole alpha saw my wife when she was down at the farmers market, managed to find her father, the ‘responsible alpha.’ I couldn’t do anything to stop them from taking her, and if I tried I’d have a bullet through my skull before I could even try.”
“You don’t… you don’t… you don’t want—” As Cas struggled to form a sentence, something of understanding dawned in Dean’s eyes.
“Boss wants you,” he told Sam, “In his office, now. Don’t be late.” Then he walked off. Sam blinked. Alastair never wanted to see him, and the last time he had talked to the beta had been years ago. Knowing better than to keep the man waiting, Sam made his way hurriedly to Alastair's office, still clutching his pail and brush.
“Love you,” Cas murmurs, before drifting off to sleep once again, rubbing his stomach in slight discomfort.
Once his fingers grazed the side of the soft comforter, Cas sat down on the bed and removed his shoes, stifling a yawn. A warm hand curled around his bicep, and Cas leaned slightly into the hand, smiling softly.
Castiel sighed happily, burrowing even further into his human's side. In return Dean tightened his arms around his waist, hiding his face in Cas’ hair.
“What about Jack?” Cas asked after a second, craning his neck around to try and look for the Nephilim. Dean shrugged.
“I am aware, just as I am aware of your ‘No Chick-Flick Moments’ policy. However, there are only four days until Christmas and we have yet to watch one. Plus, I am pretty sure that Gabriel recorded about a thousand of them.”
I’m realizing now that I never actually mentioned a fireplace and just a fire, so for all I know the fire was actually on like, a corpse and not in a fireplace.
he had insisted. And the first time, since in Castiel's mind, his older brother could not tell a lie, he believed him. But Cas hasn’t missed the way that Michael had glanced at his brother with a smug look when they were out in the gardens, Cas doing his best to tape up his brothers ribs, not understanding why Gabriel didn’t want to go to the hospital.
“I’m glad,” he murmured, voice muffled. Cas smiled and turned around, leaning his head onto Dean’s chest.
In the brief second he blacked out from pain, there was another crunch and the first masked alpha collapsed over Cas, Gabe hurriedly dropping the vase to get his little brother out from under the heavy weight. As soon as Cas was on his feet, the older omega grabbed his hand and a duffel and dragged him out the door.
Because Castiel, an angel of the lord, truly believed that Dean Winchester wouldn’t let him forget to breathe.
“Why?” Uh oh. Gabe knew that look. Cas wasn’t gonna move on until he got the answer he was looking for from the alpha.
He had to hand it to Dean, the alpha had some rather brilliant ideas. Since, according to Jody, it was too risky going into town and risking getting caught, they were prohibited from leaving Singers Salvage until the court case, which will take place sometime next week, according to Pamela Barnes.
“Thanks Beck, I owe you.” The petite blond beamed up at him, and then bustled off to take another customer's order. Castiel untied his apron, gathered his things, and left the crappy fast food joint he had taken a job at about a month ago.
For three years this was a constant in their lives, Sam going to school, Dean tracking yellow eyes. Until Sam was in 8th grade, and he was told to come down to the office and was met with a very sleep deprived Dean, telling him he found him.
“Listen to me, Castiel,” Dean ordered as soon as the angel had calmed down. “I will never not love you. Never. Okay?” The light in Dean’s eyes was so bright and determined that Cas couldn’t help but believe his words, just a little bit. So, nodding slightly, Cas pressed his face into Dean’s neck, inhaling the scent of gunpowder and sweat.
“And what do you think?” Dean grinned, slipping his arms around his ex-angels waist and leaning his chin on his shoulder.
“So how was your first training session at the helliest place on earth?” Kevin asked bitterly. Gabriel snorted.
“Uhm, I think I have to go?” The alpha looked behind him, and when he looked back, Gabe could see the fear reflecting in his eyes. “I’m Sam.” Gabriel nodded, sticking his arm back out through the bars for Sam to shake.
“You know, dying after stinging something is a flaw in a bee's makeup. I mean, what if they’re being attacked by another insect or something that
Dean sighs into the kiss, reaching under Cas’ shirt to run his hands up and down the ex-angels bare back, moving down to suck on his neck, pulling a breathless gasp from the seraph. They were interrupted, however, by an awkward knock on the open door of their bedroom.
As soon as his brother saw the pained expression on Sam’s face, he launched right back into apologizing as if he had raised Hitler from the dead. Meanwhile, Sam’s hand wandered down to his pained— yet heavily bandaged— side.
And Cas hadn’t wondered until later how Michael knew that Gabe had broken ribs, because he had been coming home from drinking with his friends, and was so drunk that he probably just went to his room. It didn’t occur to him that maybe Gabe had accidentally gotten in his drunken older brother's way.
“C’mon, Winchester, you know Alastair was only jokin’.” Deans hackles started to raise, and Gabriel backed away as inscrutable as he could. A pissed off alpha was no laughing matter.
“Sometimes… sometimes I forget to breathe.” He whispered hoarsely, cracking his eyes open to look at the righteous man. “And then… sometimes I-I can’t.” Dean nodded, worry alight in his bright green eyes.
They lapsed back into silence. Soon, they reached the cell. Right before entering the room, Dean stilled, clearing his throat.
“Like a young child,” He told Dean, who smiled at the analogy. “Which honestly is surprising, considering we are in a middle-of-nowhere town in a quite crappy motel.” Dean nodded in agreement, letting out a soft chuckle.
Somebody was shaking him. Probably Gabe. Cas grunted and rolled over. He was comfortable, and it wouldn’t hurt to be late for work for once.
Kevin said that it was that alpha Dean's younger brother, Sam, but didn’t know how Gabe could smell him.
So this is pretty much just a filler chapter, but on Friday things really start to pick up, so I’ll see you then!
“Shut up,” Cas mutters, rubbing his eyes with his fists and giving Gabe a playful glare. Gabe shoots it right back at him, grinning.
“What?” The alpha whispered back hesitantly. Feeling risky, Gabriel stuck his arm out between the bars of the cell and waved.
“Don’t be. Like, ever. Unless you kill me. Or, like my brother, or someone else,” he said, smiling softly at Dean. Dean smiled hesitantly back, flushing slightly. They were interrupted however by Gabe, who whistled sharply.
“No, it’s okay, I’ll be fine, just go to sleep, I’ll just--” He talked quickly, pulling away from Dean. But the human grabbed him and sat the seraph on his bed, shaking his head.
“You’re the one that popped my shoulder back into place?” Cas interrupted, an unreadable expression on his face. At this, Dean snorted.
“Got shot,” Dean said roughly, before looking up, green eyes bright with concern. “Have you seen Sam?” Gabriel froze, feeling his insides turn to lead.
“By the Company. Right after you did in ol’ yellow eyes.” He smiled, pride eliminating the guilt for half a second before he was swallowed by worry again.
Castiel frowned. “Why do you blame him? I mean, I don’t really like him, don’t get me wrong, why would I like the man who captured me and dislocated my shoulder? But he seems… better, than the other asses here.”
“Like yours is much better,” He snarks back, crossing his arms and staring down his older brother. Gabe’s was a chunky knitted large sweater with Santa on the front, leaning over a Christmas tree with a thong sticking out from underneath his red britches. Gabe rolled his eyes again at the jab.
Dean was… numb, surprisingly. No feelings, no nothing. It was like he had been hurting so badly that his mind and body had simply given up, and he had lost the ability to feel. In fact, he was half sure that he had been dreaming the past couple of hours. The only reason he was sure he
Growling a little, Gabriel slid down the wall of the cell, knees up to his chest and glaring over the top of his legs at the bars of the stupid cage. Then, he smelled it.
“I don’t see you complaining,” He shot back, now unbuttoning his undershirt. Dean grinned and stretched his arms out behind his head.
“Dean?” Dean cleared his throat again and stopped in front of a large mahogany door with elegant engravings carved into them. Things 1 & 2 were  waiting.
So when it was late at night and Gabe and Cas would be eating Ramen and joking around, when they would talk to each other in the mornings as they prepared to start the day, Gabriel couldn’t even bring himself to think about what would have happened if he hadn’t ran eight years ago.
His question was answered a few moments later after he had taken a seat as well, when Alastair spoke again.
There was always a tinge of sadness in Dean Winchesters brothers scent, but this time it was overwhelming, and Gabe couldn’t stand it.
“Dean, duck!” He yelled. Dean rolled to the side, knowing better than to doubt his brother. And faster than any member of the Company could react, Sam shot Azazel through the brain.
“What did that son of a bitch Alastair do?!” He shouted this time, barely restraining from ripping the annoying woman's head off. That would just make the predicament worse. Meg however, didn’t seem very deterred by his mini-meltdown.
Now Dean opens the door to Bobby’s house and steps in, carefully toeing off his shoes before he moves to go upstairs, pausing only when he hears a voice speak up from the shadows.
His older brother had made up some bullshit story about how he had gotten into a fight with Ruby and Meg, but Sam didn’t believe one second of it. He had once seen Dean fend off Meg, Ruby, and two other guards that had ganged up on him with so much as a scratch. So no, the only person that Dean wouldn’t defend himself against would be Alastair.
“I think I got everything,” He said, picking up the stack of papers and examining it, lips pursed. “Stuff about our family, us, numbers, the kid we want, etc. I mean, you can read over it if you like, but I think I got everything. I’m just kinda stressed, you know?” Dean huffed, taking the papers Cas offered and skimming through them quickly before nodding.
“Gabe? Gabe? What happened? Are you okay? Did they hurt you? What—“ Gabriel cut off his brothers tangent by raising his hand.
Though Dean is feeling slightly unnerved he nods, shrugging as he shoves his hands into his pockets.
“What about him? Alastair ain’t say nothin’ about him, so we leave him be. It’s not like he could cause much trouble,” Dean answered easily, swiftly, without an air of care. It was unsettling how quickly he shifted from guilt and underlying self hate to one of the pompous pricks of the Company.
He hadn’t had time to examine his side, but the two things he was sure of were that a: it hadn’t hit any major organs or a bone and b: the bullet had gone straight through him.
“Glad you are enjoying yourself, Jack,” Castiel told the Nephilim as he reached onto the table to grab the closest candy bag; labeled M&M’s. “I believe this will be quite fun.” The three sat in silence for a while, sorting out the candy while Sam and Gabriel fumbled around in the kitchen. After a minute the two were back out, each carrying two hot pans filled with unfrosted sugar cookies.
And it was at this moment that Sam realized that he is possibly the biggest dumbass ever to walk upon the planet earth.
After a couple of minutes, Cas startled awake with a snort, grunting slightly and pushing himself up onto the palms of his hands.
This alone set off alarm bells in his mind, but what really gave it away was the pheromones. Castiel tensed. The air smelled of terrified and pissed off omega, with a softer, yet just as bold scent that screamed for omegas to run, scatter, get out. It took everything in his power not to bolt through the door and never come back.
“Ah, so you’re familiar with my little friend,” The beta cheered. “Now, you should know that we cannot actually hurt you, unfortunately, nor do anything TO drastic to your scent, but if an accident was to, er, occur, then who am I to try to stop it?” He laughed at the terrified looks on their faces.
“Listen!” He scolded as soon as he had their attention. “I’m pretty sure I’m the only one that can smell him, and Cas is right about one thing, Dean’s pretty jacked up. So—” he held up his hand to keep the two from interrupting, “I’ll be going alone.”
“Yeah… Sam’s not really like other alphas. I dunno, he’s just not super proud and narcissistic. And kinda has a self-deprecating humor. He’s honestly okay, I like him.”
he was on the run with Gabe that he thought differently about the large house he resided in until he was fifteen.
“Kevin’s missing too,” Cas piped in, worry etched on his face. He faltered, then spoke again. “You don’t think that—”
“I-I mean, I don’t blame you. I mean, it’s not-not like this is Cinderella’s castle, and-and I’m sorry for thinking that you’d be ok, plus, I-I think—” Cas looked up at Dean, frowning.
“What time?” He asked sharply. From behind her white mask, Dean could tell Casey was baring her teeth at him. He bared them back.
My main idea is a sort of sequel with a second Sabriel pregnancy, but I don’t know if I’ll write it.
Cas knew that something was wrong as soon as he walked through the door of the motel. For one, the receptionist, a nasty old beta woman that Castiel wasn’t a fan of, was chuckling bitterly, muttering something about omegas getting what they deserved.
“We’ll tell her at some point,” He said. “I just really don’t want her to get her hopes up, you know?” Dean sat down on the bed, next to his husband. He sighed before curling into Cas’ side, head resting on his collarbone. Cas pressed a kiss to his hair.
“Ah, I see,” He said, biting his lip thoughtfully for a second before perking back up. “Hey, I saw one of those big wooden salad bowls a little while back! We could buy that and put a puppy in it!” Dean snorted at the last part of his sentence and raised his eyebrow slightly.
Castiel smiled back. “Okay. But first—” he paused, gently putting Claire back on the ground before turning back to the sink. “—dishes to finish.” Claire giggled, before running off.
“I am aware, the ground would have cushioned your fall with a jagged rock to the neck,” he exclaimed sarcastically. Castiel scowled. Gabe called to them from where he was scouting out in front of them.
“Hmm,” Dean replies, wiggling closer to the seraph and pressing his face into Cas’ neck, smiling as he felt the hand that wasn’t in his hair move to his back, pulling him closer. “Well I’m enjoyin’ this something you’re doing very much, so feel free not to stop.” Cas let out a soft, rumbling chuckle, leaning his forehead against Dean’s.
He flinched again when he thought about the poor omegas shoulder. He had tried his damndest to get the shoulder back into the socket, but had only gotten the joint to click back into place on the third try. So yeah, he deserved the pain.
Gabriel is acting… weird. Which is honestly very confusing and stressful to Cas, because Gabe is his safety net, and his safety net is acting like a corgi that simultaneously is having a sugar crash and a caffeine high.
“I… I became a hunter.” His tone was shallow; broken. Before Sam could interrupt and yell at him until they both died of old age, Dean held up his hand and continued talking quickly and frantically, as if scared that if he didn’t, Sam would up and leave.
“Not at all! You’re kind, work to save people, very funny and sweet, listen to me talk about bees all the time and pretend to be interested, have a very bright soul, oh! And you have a very long--”
“Whatever happened, it sure got everyone excited for tomorrow,” He said stretching. “I mean, forget Sam, I haven’t ever seen you this excited for a widely celebrated holiday in forever.” Dean let out a laugh, kissing the top of his angel’s head.
The pair soon made it to the hallway were Castiel and Gabriel’s cell resided. Cas wanted to ask Dean something, he could tell, but didn’t for another few seconds.
He checked the clock and sighed with relief. Only ten minutes left in his shift. Becky Rosen, a tiny omega that's head barely reached his shoulder, tapped him on the back.
I will go more into that later on, along with punishments of helping a sold omega, but if your wondering why nobody helps Cas, Gabe, or the others, that would be why.
“No!” Gabe interrupted quickly. “God, no. I was just wondering if someone would be looking for you.” Kevin sighed.
“Oh.” Dean, who had a look of sympathy on his face nodded to Alex as she kneeled down in front of him, getting out what appeared to be disinfectant. “But...what about you two?” He asked Singer and Mills. “Why are you helping?” Bobby Singer snorted bitterly.
“Heya, Sammy,” he said softly, slowly sitting down next to his baby brother, joints aching as he ungracefully plopped down next to him. “How’s your day been?”
“Hey, I just realized, I know literally nothing about you,” He said, smiling, a bit awkwardly. Cas smiled back.
Dean grabbed the fancy wine glass that had just been set down on the table eagerly, taking what could be called an ungraceful swig from it as Castiel stared at him, eyebrows raised. “A bit tense, are we?” He asked, eyes twinkling as he teased his boyfriend, who glared at him.
Because there’s absolutely no way someone as beautiful, and smart, and as sassy as the omega in front of him is interested in the broken, repulsive alpha he is.
So this one is kind of short and sucky, but it’s very important to the story line, and I tried my best.
Sam’s mouth felt dry. “Dean…” he started, then trailed off. He knew there was no arguing with his brother, not this time. “Okay. Okay, I promise.” He finally agreed, grudgingly. “But it’s not over yet. I mean, today’s the day, and nobody’s come to—”
“Not all the way. There’s this lovely couple, Garth and Bess? Bess volunteers to go out and distract them, seeing as she’s an omega, but they can’t do anything to her, seeing as Garth is her ‘responsible alpha.’ She’s one of the cards we pull for a distraction.”
“Mind if I take a nap? I’m feeling just a tad down after my daily torture,” he grunted, and Gabe exhaled.
“Just dandy, Sammy-o,” He said cheerfully, before looking over his shoulder and clearing his throat. “Uh, I need help getting a box of chocolates off a tall shelf in the back, you mind using your moose strength to grab it for me?” He joked. Sam smiled.
The Winchester gently laid down beside him, placing a hand on Castiel's chest and taking one of Cas’ hands and placing it on his own.
Chuck frowned, obviously mulling it over. But when money was involved, he would always take the path that could evidently make him richer. Gabriel had planned on that.
He rolled his shoulder. At some point it had been roughly jammed back into socket, probably by their captors. “Y-yeah, I think so. Nothings broken, at least. What about you?” Gabriel, relieved that Cas wasn’t hurt, shrugged.
“Terrible,” He informed his human, taking a sip from his glass of eggnog which had been sitting on one of the bunker tables. “How was the store?”
“Well, good morning,” The righteous man murmured, voice slightly scratchy from sleep. “And how was your night?” Cas smiled, turning around in his boyfriend's tight grip to press their foreheads together.
“So,” Dean cleared his throat awkwardly. “Dinner, maybe? Tomorrow or something, if we can leave?” Cas smiles at him, beaming.
Castiel shivered slightly, running his hands up and down his arms as he walked briskly down the darkened corridor of the bunker.
Adrenaline sucked out of him, Sam simply leaned his forehead against the window again, closing his eyes. They didn’t open again until about ten minutes later, when his brother’s voice sounded behind him.
The entire drive home, Dean heard his own silence echoing in his ears. The seconds that had dragged on as Castiel was pulled away. It wasn’t that he didn’t have time to say anything. He’d had time. That was a lie he’d told himself the first week to try to hate himself just a little bit less. But he could have said something. Hell, he could have thrown himself on Cas and not let go. He’d just stood there staring, then lay on the floor after Cas pushed him away, still silent, watching his best friend, his- watching Castiel get dragged into the Empty.
“I suppose not,” Castiel agreed softly. “I’m very sorry, Dean. I’ve always known that our feelings for each other were vastly different, so I’ve tried my best not to call attention to it. But I understand how uncomfortable this must for you.”
“You can’t have him,” Dean growled. “He’s staying right here. I ain’t letting go, so if you want him, you take me too, and then I’ll kill you from the inside out.” The Empty surged even tighter around Castiel, as if rebuking Dean.
Dean nodded. “Once we got back here, everything went to shit. Things with Sam and Ezekiel, and Cas, I will always be so freaking sorry for how all of that went down.”
Miracle found his way to the brothers too, and though he had lived with Sam longer, it was Dean who he sought out. Dean sat on the porch of the Roadhouse, petting his dog, drinking beer, chatting with Ellen and Jo and Rufus and everyone else who came by- because even in Heaven, the Roadhouse was still a hunters’ bar.
“Awesome,” Dean breathed, before closing the gap between them and pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s lips. For a beautiful but brief moment, they got lost in their closeness, in enjoying how everything between them was shifting into something even more profound than before.
“Cas, can you hear me? You gotta stop doing that, man. Disappearing before you give me a chance to speak. I didn’t even thank you today for saving my life. Again. So, thank you. I almost died, Cas- just a few weeks after you sacrificed everything to protect me, and I almost died with a piece of rebar shoved through my back. It would have been okay if I had, though. It’s a good death. Honorable. Go out fighting. And we saved those kids, and that’s what really matters.
“You wanna hear the crazy thing, though?” Dean continued. His tone was wistful and sad, which was confusing, but Castiel decided he preferred it over the anger he was expecting. “Sammy didn’t even know what he did wrong. I hauled him into Benny’s bedroom to chew him out and he was so confused. Didn’t know why you’d left or why I was upset. Apparently he thought we were together.” Castiel felt a sick, cold wave wash over him, but Dean just chuckled ruefully and kept talking. “Thought that I was just doing the whole never talking about my feelings thing, or that I was afraid Naomi might find out if we were too open about it. So he was really just trying to ask his brother’s boyfriend some dumb sappy question to make us both blush.”
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted. “You’re Dean. I don’t think I would have been able to articulate it at the time if anyone had asked. But I didn’t fall for the Righteous Man.” Castiel blushed and looked down at his feet. “I’m sorry. Continue.”
Somehow this was much harder to say knowing that he wasn’t going to be immediately swept away by a cosmic entity. “A very long time ago, when I was still learning so many things, I believe I referred to you and I as having a profound bond.”
Castiel tilted his head in that way that was so sweet and utterly breathtaking. He sighed. “Dean, I think we need to start being more direct, even if no one is dying. Do you want me to leave?”
Dean grinned at that, the brilliant joyful smile that Castiel had seen less and less frequently over the years. “Awesome. Yeah, Cas, we can definitely make that happen.”
And then there was a completely idiotic plan. And Dean and Sam voluntarily stood there while Chuck beat the crap out of them. And suddenly… it was over.
Dean replied with a very honest “yeah that’s fair” and then sent her a selfie he had taken with Cas a few days earlier.
Castiel smiled, but it was small. Not like that oh-so-warm smile he’d given Dean before he was taken. “I have always known your feelings for me are very deep, Dean. I don’t look inside your mind, I know you don’t want me to do that, but I can still feel the energy from your soul. However, I have also always respected your desire not to let anything come of those feelings. I know there are many reasons for that. I know we both have our jobs to perform, and something always seems to be setting us on different paths. I know that while your feelings are very strong, I am not a human and you could never want from me what I-” He cut himself off, looking down at the floor. “And I know that this vessel that has become as natural to me as my true form is male, and that that is not your preference.”
When Dean spoke, he stared out the front window, both hands gripping the steering wheel as if he were driving through a flood. “Cas, I… I cannot mess this up. I just promised you that I’m going to take care of you, and I meant it. I’ve hurt you so many times. I need to do this right. But you’ve gotta help me because I don’t know what you want.”
Dean waited until Castiel was halfway through his sandwich to speak. It felt like he, too, had a mouth full of peanut butter, but he dug his fingers into his knee and forced himself to start talking.
Now, it seemed that Castiel was choosing to stay with the Winchester brothers, and not just during hunts, as Dean had assumed. Despite occasional disappearances to "handle angel-related matters", Castiel had joined their little family full time. He rode in the back seat of Baby. He joined them at roadside diners. He stayed with them in motel rooms, even though "I do not require sleep, Dean. I am still an angel of the lord and this vessel is maintained by my grace."
Wordlessly, Castiel rushed towards them. Dean’s eyes locked onto his, that perfect shade of green swirling with shock and apprehension. Was Dean afraid of him? Afraid of what he was about to say? Castiel didn’t have time to feel guilty about that right now, but he knew he would later. Sam was talking to him, asking “How are you back? Can you help him? Cas, can you heal him? Is Jack alright?”, but he backed away as he spoke, giving Castiel room to stand before Dean.
Finally, he choked out four words, so much harder to utter than the long speech he’d given a few hours before. “I want to stay.”
It was perfect, and more than Castiel had ever imagined. Their relationship remained as close as ever, but for the first time, Castiel felt as though he wasn’t the odd man out, with only Dean to link him to the rest of society. He liked Benny, and Charlie was even more Castiel’s friend than she was Dean’s.
“Told you I’m not good at this. Words aren’t my strong suit, Cas, and there are things along the way that are still going to scare the hell out of me.” Somehow, he knew that Cas knew he meant John. But he remembered Bobby’s words and Sam’s accepting nature and Mary’s goodwill toward the Angel and… and somehow he had faith that it would all be alright. “But I ain’t running. I’m here. And I love you.”
After a long moment, the black goo receded, apparently taking Billie and Castiel’s grace with it, and vanished.
Instinctively, Dean was going to resist. They couldn’t stop until Chuck was dead. But Sam was smart and he knew how to manipulate Dean. He mentioned that Cas especially must really need some rest, being newly human and all. Dean was suddenly more serious about bedtime than he’d been since Sammy was ten years old.
“That’s great,” Castiel told Dean, feeling relief wash over him as Dean talked about his situation with ease. “Your uncle sounds like a nice man. I’m glad you get to stay in Lawrence forever.”
“I don’t know how to find him. What am I supposed to do? Drive around Heaven asking to speak to the manager?”
, he leaned in for a kiss. It was short and soft and somehow the greatest kiss of Dean’s life. This was perfect. This was home. This was finally getting to live.
He closed the door and sat on the edge of the bed. Miracle sat next to him and pressed his fluffy head against Dean’s leg. Dean sighed and scratched the dog behind his ears. “Yeah, buddy, I’m okay. I gotta just do it, I guess. Been trying so damn hard not to pray all these weeks because not getting an answer would just make it all so much worse. And what do I even say?” He groaned and dropped his head into his hands. “Okay, here goes nothing.”
Sam snorted in disbelief. “Dean. It’s been over forty years. You’re telling me you spent all that time with your car?”
“You could say it now,” Castiel prompted. Then immediately he gave Dean an out, because Cas was too good, too kind, and he’d put Dean ahead of his own wellbeing for far too long. “Or in ten years from now. Or a hundred. Our fighting is over, Dean, and now we have time.”
Cas, who had seen him at his most badass and most pathetic and most evil and most heartbroken and most nerdy and most boring. Loved. Him. Said such amazing things about him that Dean knew he would need to spend the rest of forever internalizing. Cas loved him.
Dean wasn’t sure how he’d ever manage to pull himself together again, but suddenly there was a pressure in his lap and something wet on his face. Miracle, who had stayed motionless at Dean’s side through all of this, had apparently taken Castiel’s move from doorway to bed as a cue that he could move too. He was standing between them, on them, and licking Dean’s face. Dean laughed, trying to push the dog away, but Castiel stopped him.
Dean smiled then, shaky and bemused as though he couldn’t quite process what was happening, but he smiled. “Cas, you have me. You’ve always had me. You always will.”
Castiel realized that he wanted to spend the rest of his life by Dean’s side when he was eleven years old.
He sat in the back of the room, trying desperately to ignore the frequent flutters of motion as other students turned quickly to stare at him. By lunch time, he was exhausted, and he snuck off to a vacant corner of the cafeteria in an attempt to enjoy his peanut butter and jelly in peace.
"I call the shower first," Dean declared as he dropped his duffel on one of the beds. The spirit they were hunting had pushed them all around, but it was only Dean who had been pushed into a soot-filled fireplace. Sam had openly snickered and even Castiel seemed amused, laughter dancing through his bright blue eyes.
“Then I’m not gonna forget it,” Dean replied. “But Cas, you’re so wrong about me. I ain’t goodness and love and whatever else you said. I break everything I touch. And if I inspired you to feel love for humanity, you’ve gotta get really frickin’ far away from me, man, and make some new friends.”
Dean felt like the worst person in the world. Cas had been so worried that he’d mentioned it to Bobby? And now all this time, when he of course knew that Dean was here, and Dean hadn’t-
“Oh,” Castiel blushed. This was one of the reasons he rarely tried to talk with his peers. He always seemed to get it wrong. “My name is Castiel.”
“He told me what he said,” Bobby stated in the kindest voice Dean had ever heard him use. “When he broke me out of jail, he told me.”
“The next time you hear that song, Cas, you’ll get it.” Then, before either of his companions had a chance to add further commentary, he continued. “Okay, I’m out for the night. Good hunt.” He switched off his bedside lamp and rolled over to bury his face in a pillow.
Eventually, Miracle quieted down. Dean was no longer crying and the stranger who smelled vaguely of ozone and rain had been sufficiently greeted. He hopped off the bed and curled up at their feet, leaving the pair sitting beside each other, knees touching and eyes locked.
But of all the things that Castiel had said, that wasn’t the one that worried him the most. Those memories had healed over- ugly and scarred, but they’d healed. No, Dean was much more concerned about the remark that Castiel had made before that.
“How the hell could we be? My idiot brother saw how fucking head over heels with you I am- always have been- and got the dumb idea in his head that we were a couple. So he asked you about it in front of everyone and now they all know. And now you know. You know that all this time, I’ve been feeling things for you that I’m not allowed to feel and that makes me a piece of crap friend and you’re going to hate me forever. So that’s it. The most important person in my life probably thinks I’m a fucking creep. That’s the conversation we’re having, Cas.”
Now here they were, a decade after their first meeting, more than half of their lives, and Castiel was about to lose the most important piece of his life because of a ridiculous game.
Sam answered casually, as if his prompt wasn’t earth-shattering, as if he hadn’t just stripped Castiel naked in front of everyone, as if the world would keep on turning after this moment. “When did you first know you were in love with Dean?”
“Oh,” Dean stated uselessly. He vaguely contemplated that if Sam ever heard about this he would have to move to a new state.
Finally, finally Dean looked at him. His expression was pained and confused and anxious… but not angry. Not disgusted. Not looking at Castiel as though he had just done something unforgivable. “You’re telling me you want to stay forever, because you love me?” And the tone in his voice- it was caution. It was… was it possibly a little bit warm?
Bobby was right, he told himself. This was the Heaven that he- that everyone- deserved. And he was happy. Of course he was. Why wouldn’t he be? He had everything and everyone he wanted.
Cas, who took a deep breath and stepped away from Dean, his gaze focused intently on the floor. “Dean, I-”
They did indeed say their hellos to John and Mary. They checked in on Charlie. Sam found Jessica, spending eternity with her family. He told Dean that he’d apologized, but she had hugged him and told him it wasn’t his fault, and she was glad he’d been happy.
Dean’s romantic escapades did, however, take away some of the pressure that Castiel was feeling at home. Naomi had been making suspicious comments for years about the apparent closeness between the two boys, their comfort with sharing physical closeness, and the way Castiel showed no obvious interest in girls. But with Dean dating half the girls in school, Naomi could simply write her son off as socially inept, which she clearly found frustrating but much less distasteful than him being gay. She seemed blissfully ignorant of the fact that Dean wasn’t exactly picky about gender.
"Castiel, I will not interfere.” Jack answered calmly. “However, as much as I am... God... now, I cannot control the actions of the Angels who work alongside me.”
“Of course you have, Dean. From the moment I saw you in Hell, I felt it. Even though I hadn’t learned the words yet.”
Maybe it was because he had grown used to telling people in the past few months, or maybe he wanted to make sure Jack knew the family dynamics he was walking into, or maybe Dean just really liked saying it. Whatever the reason, he cleared his throat, getting Jack’s attention before he had the chance to fly off. “Yeah, he’s going to stay human. We’re kind of together, kid. So he wants to do the old and grey thing with me too.”
Well, everything was still wrong. And they were probably all doomed. But Cas was here. And that was a start.
“No, we’re staying,” Castiel assured his new friend. “My dad was really nice but he was always sad. He used to talk to me about art and how making art is important, but my mom would tell him it was a waste of time. So one day he just left. He said he had to go find the book he’s meant to write, but I don’t really know what that means. Anyway, my mom said that everyone in town looked at us funny after that, so we moved here to start over. She told me not to talk about it, but you told me why you moved, so I thought it was fair to tell you.”
Dean was about to correct him, to tell him not to thank him for anything, that it was Dean who should be thanking Cas for allowing him a chance to do better. But just then, his phone rang.
“You know, if you’re ever not too busy with Heaven stuff, I’d really like to just be able to thank you in person. And see that you’re okay. Then I’ll leave you alone, I swear and-”
Dean’s head snapped up. Castiel stood by the closed door, as far from Dean as he could be in the small bedroom, but still so close. Seconds away. Not in a different dimension. Not trapped away in Angel Death. Not sacrificing himself. Not crying.
Dean didn’t respond, but he also made no attempt to lessen his grip on the Angel in his arms. Eventually, Castiel continued.
Just a few weeks after Castiel pulled the Righteous Man from Hell, the other Angels were very much surprised (and annoyed, and concerned) when they realized how sensitive the connection was. Castiel had been listening to one of his superiors talk about the plan for the coming war when he interrupted with a worried, “Dean is injured.” He then paused, allowed himself to connect to the feeling, and clarified, “no it’s just a simple flesh wound. He is in no danger.” He missed the worried looks the other Angels shot each other and he assumed that was simply a normal thing that Angels could do with humans with whom they had a more profound bond.
“And that means he’s probably pretty damn busy!” Dean snapped. “Probably doesn’t have time to deal with requests from individual customers.”
“I mean, not all the time. You should still go to Heaven, help Jack fix it up. Maybe convince him to come visit?”
“Do Angels love the way humans do?” Dean’s voice was tight, shaking. “I mean, what exactly are we talking about here, Cas?”
Dean felt his heart sink. He was sure he knew where this was going, but he found himself asking anyway. “What did he want to do?”
“Yeah, I know, Cas. That’s the point. I get it, okay? You’re not into me. I’ve always known that and I promise I will always respect it. But I don’t want you to just have to take my word for it. I don’t want you to be afraid that I’m creeping on you or some shit, so I’m just going to move out.”
“Cas? Hey, Cas!” Dean’s warm voice pushed through Castiel’s anxiety. “I’m sorry, dude, I didn’t mean to upset you. I know it can be hard to talk about sometimes, and you don’t have to, but I get it, y’know? I had to move a lot because of my family too.”
“He offered to rebuild my grace. It would be different than before, and something that the Empty would have no claim on. I could be an Angel again.”
There. That was the expression in those perfect blue eyes that Dean had wanted to see. Dean was going to keep his Angel looking like that forever.
Although Dean would never admit it to Sam, he didn’t hate the song. The melody was warm and the lyrics were gentle. Comforting. It was a song about finding home in the presence of another person, of being reminded of them by little things, and of wishing for small things that would make the person smile. The song told the story of Dean’s love of apple pies, or the way he sometimes smiled at strangers in tan trench coats.
Dean was out of bed in a moment, racing down the hall, and pounding on Cas’s door. Castiel opened it at once, looking worried. Of course he was worried; they were at war with God. Dean barged into Cas’s room and shut the door behind him. He’d probably woken Sam and he didn’t want an audience for this. Cas deserved this to be just for him.
“What the hell was that?” Dean interrupted. He was shouting. He knew he shouldn’t be shouting, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself. Castiel visibly flinched. Castiel had stood completely still as a cosmic entity appeared with the intent of dragging him to Angel-Hell, but Dean had yelled at him and he’d flinched.
“I hope it’s okay I came and sat here,” Dean continued. “You looked lonely, though, and I know that the first day at a new school can be rough, especially when it’s the middle of the year.”
No, that was Dean who was crying, and he hated himself that he couldn’t even bring himself to try to stop. He just sat there on the edge of his bed, mouth open, tears flowing down his face, and staring at the celestial being that had once again come to his rescue, even after he’d proved Castiel wrong yet again.
When they eventually broke apart, (how much time had passed? Minutes? How many years on Earth?) Castiel was glowing. But there was still that hesitation in his eyes, that uncertainty of not knowing where he belonged. Dean swore he was going to end that look for the end of time.
At that, Castiel broke eye contact. Instead, he focused intently on their joined hands. “I know I should. If anything happens to any of you, I can’t heal you. Having my powers would benefit all of you.”
Castiel looked up. His expression was wary, but at least he was looking at Dean. “When I was human before. Yes, I remember.”
“But honestly? I don’t want to go. And that’s the first time in a long time I can say that. It’s been good here. Just normal hunts, vamps and ghosts and crap, the way it used to be. No God, no great evil pulling the strings. Just me and Sammy, hunting monsters. And we’ve got a real home here in the bunker, so it ain’t like before, being on the road all the time. And Sam’s seeing Eileen and they’re really happy. I got a dog. His name is Miracle. You’d really like him, Cas.
But no, Castiel was pulling away, his entire posture radiating defeat, though he was so clearly trying to hide it. “Of course, Dean. I understand.”
“We don’t. Cas, this is his home, just like it’s yours. We want him home more than anything. But-” he hated himself for saying it but he had to, “but you could stay here with him and be an Angel too. Would you want that?”
They were in college, for crap’s sake. Why were they even playing truth or dare? That was a thing that tween girls did at slumber parties, wasn’t it? Apparently not in Benny’s book.
Chuck was alone and pathetic and Dean wanted to smash his face in, but simply not even bothering to do that would hurt Chuck even more. And Jack…
Castiel hadn’t hesitated like this. Less than an hour ago, he’d laid out his heart before Dean to keep him safe, and he’d been happy about it. So happy it nearly killed him. This shouldn’t be so hard. No, he corrected himself. This
It was Sam who eventually broke the silence, as they stood side by side on the bridge. “How is everyone?”
“Get up,” he ordered gruffly, walking to the small open area between the bathroom and the closet. Castiel walked toward him without hesitation, though his head was tilted to the side as it always was when he was confused. “Sammy, start the song again.”
“Yeah you better be sorry.” Dean knew he still sounded angrier that he intended and tried to find some sort of calm before he spoke again. He raised his hand to run it through his hair, and that’s when he noticed Castiel’s bloody handprint on his sleeve. Yeah, calm didn’t appear to be an option right now. “Why the hell was that your play, man? Summon a cosmic entity to drag you to super mega Hell for Angels, and bank on the chance it’ll take Billie too?”
“No,” Castiel answered. “Thank you, Jack, but I’m going to stay like this. I’m going to live out a human lifespan with all of you. With Dean.”
As the Empty tugged him harder and harder, and Dean held onto him ever more fiercely, Castiel realized he had made a terrible mistake.
It was late. Dean was tired. Maybe he’d smacked his head on some bricks when he got pushed into the fireplace earlier. All of these were excuses he tried to tell himself afterwards.
The Empty pushed against Castiel’s sides, trying to squeeze into the space where Dean’s body ended and Castiel’s began, but Dean just held tighter. “I said leave him the hell alone, you son of a bitch!” he roared. Then, his voice changed. His head was pressed close to Castiel’s; he had drawn the shorter man’s head under his chin to better protect him. Castiel could hear him speaking clearly, his throat vibrating against Castiel’s cheek. “It’s okay, Cas, I got you. It ain’t gonna take you, I promise. Just don’t let go. Please, Cas, just hold onto me. Please don’t let go. Don’t let go.”
“What is it you think you can’t have?” Dean pressed. Dean, who never talked about feelings but desperately needed an answer to this. Castiel didn’t know how to give one.
When he emerged fifteen minutes later, the soot washed down the drain and the tension in his muscles eased by the hot water, it was to the sight of his two favorite people winding down after yet another dangerous job. Sam was still in the armchair, listening to some awful contemporary music without headphones and idly surfing the web. Dean felt a warm smile spread across his face at the familiar sight. But it was Castiel’s position that made Dean’s entire body flood with happiness.
He’d actually been doing that a lot less frequently, Dean had noticed. Since getting back from Purgatory and teaming up with the Winchesters full time, Castiel had seemed to be putting more effort into trying to understand human social cues and cultural norms. It was surprising and at times like this, sort of frustrating, but always made a tight, warm feeling blossom in Dean’s chest. Every time Castiel made an effort to understand human interactions, it seemed to Dean as though he was anchoring himself closer to them, as though he was saying, “this is my world now and I want to be comfortable in it.” Castiel was always a half-step out of rhythm, but each question was a new attempt to learn the song of human life. Dean was happy to teach him.
“He’s fine, Dean.” Castiel didn’t seem angry. That was a start, Dean supposed. But he looked sad and uncomfortable, like he might fly off again at any moment. And Dean knew that he’d never have the courage to pray him back a second time.
That’s not to say things didn’t change. Even after Purgatory, some of the tension between Dean and Cas had remained. That was all gone now, and Dean was delighted at how easy it was for them to simply exist together, even if they were fighting a war.
Castiel said, “I’m in love with you.” Apparently not done making a fool of himself, he added, “I want to stay forever.”
Clearly, something that Dean said had caused Castiel’s newly human brain to short-circuit. This was enough, more than enough, and should be enough to satisfy Dean’s questions as well. He should have just said that was all he wanted, or said he wanted Dean to hurry up and get them to Sam and Jack.
And then Dean was lying in bed, his head swirling with thoughts even though he was exhausted. This situation was bad. Like, really really bad and they were probably definitely going to die. But also Cas loved him.
Sam said a lot of things that made little to no sense, but Dean figured sense went out the window once God declared a personal vendetta against you. According to Sam, everyone was gone. Charlie, Jody, Claire, friends they hadn’t talked to in months, the staff at the local diner, people who had never even heard of Sam and Dean Winchester. They were all just… gone.
Castiel knew he should never have agreed to this. Going to a party? What was he thinking? Of course it would be a disaster. He had only agreed because he wanted to spend time with Sam. It had been months since he had seen the younger boy, so he didn’t want to miss a moment. Even when Sam had asked to go to his first college party.
Castiel sat on the standard issue pleather sofa beside Dean, watching with faintly tipsy amusement as Sam performed his best interpretation of a dragon. In hindsight, he supposed he should have expected Sam to call on him. The younger Winchester didn’t know many of the people at the party and both brothers had always taken care to make sure Castiel felt included.
“I bet he is. You were right about him.” Dean cleared his throat awkwardly. “So I guess you’ve gotta get back there soon to help?”
It was Castiel who eventually broke the silence. “Can you please just yell at me and get it over with, Dean?” He hated how pathetic he sounded, but decided that when your life gets torn apart, you’re allowed to lose composure.
Castiel felt his mouth open. He thought he made some sort of unintelligible sound. All he knew was that he couldn’t look at Dean. If he looked at Dean, he would die. A muffled noise that he recognized as Dean’s voice tried to push through the cacophony of alarm bells in his head, but he refused to interpret the words. If he heard the disappointment, the disgust, the horror, he was sure he wouldn’t survive.
Castiel stumbled after only a few steps. Dean was at his side in an instant, making sure he wouldn’t fall, and gods, the irony of that made Dean want to smash everything in sight. Instead, he tried to pretend that he was the person that Castiel had described him as- gentle and caring and someone who didn’t break everything he touched.
He stood in the grass, feeling as ridiculous as he had the first time he’d called out to the Angel by name. Feeling as sure as he had then that the Angel in question wasn’t going to answer.
The world was possibly ending and God had a personal vendetta against them and Sam was waiting four hours away and Dean pulled the car over.
Now, the man in question was getting all the wrong ideas and Castiel couldn’t let that stand. If Dean hated him for the truth, then so be it. But Castiel would not have Dean thinking that his (former?) best friend was a pervert. “Dean, I have NEVER stared at you! Never sexualized you or done anything to indicate I want anything from you at all!”
“It does indeed sound like an admirable end goal,” Castiel stated. “And Jack, we all know that you won’t be anything like Chuck. But perhaps, while you’re fixing things, you can repair more than just what Chuck ruined in the past several months.”
Jack started popping by more and more often, having long conversations with Castiel about Heaven, what it was like, and how it could be better. Dean knew that Castiel missed him terribly. They would all be glad when Jack could shed this new responsibility and come home.
Castiel was absolutely terrified on his first day of school at Lawrence Elementary. He was shy at the best of times, and the difficulties in his family that had driven them to Lawrence in the first place only made it worse. Adding to that the fact that he was starting school in the middle of the year, the nine year old was utterly overwhelmed.
Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed. It was a pleasure to try to set things right for Dean and Castiel- and even more amazing to do it as a fundraiser for Random Acts!!!!
“And that’s the problem. That’s what I keep coming back to. ‘Cas would really like him’ or ‘Cas would love this movie’ or ‘Cas wouldn’t get this reference but he’d smile anyway.’ I’ve got this great life now, Cas, and I want to live it. But you’re not here.
“What what?” Dean retorted. Castiel saw the angry glint of his eyes and knew what was coming. The famous Dean Winchester angry bluster, used to push people away when they got too close to his feelings. He hadn’t used that tactic on Castiel since they were thirteen. “You heard me, Cas. That’s about as gross as it gets, right? To find out your best friend has a crush on you? Well I ain’t the guy who’s gonna stick around and just make that feeling worse for you. Hey, it’s cool, man. I’m outta your hair. No making Cas uncomfortable. Just... know that I didn’t mean anything bad by it all, okay?”
The space between them was so small. Dean reached out and grabbed the Angel, pulled him close against him. He still didn’t speak and he knew he was being unfair, but all he could do was hold this magnificent being to him as tightly as possible. Castiel was still at first, then slowly, hesitantly, he returned the embrace. Dean hated himself all over again for that hesitancy, for making Cas feel anything other than a sense of home from him. “I’m so glad you’re safe,” he finally managed.
And so Castiel explained as Dean tried to salvage the bacon. When he was finished, Sam stared at them both for a long moment before asking, “You mean you seriously didn’t know? Neither of you? For twelve years?” He then dissolved into a giggle fit so uncontrollable that Dean simply walked out of the room.
In the meantime, every day was a new adventure, from LARPing to parties to spending evenings together in their dorm. Castiel loved the way college had allowed them to start building their own lives, while still maintaining their incredible friendship.
He forced himself to stop at that, taking deep gulps of air and waiting for Cas to answer, praying that he hadn’t already completely screwed this up.
“Um, Cas?” His voice cracked. He cleared his throat. “Castiel? I don’t know if you can hear me, but um... It’s Dean. Winchester.” This was going horribly and it hadn’t even started yet. Was there a way to unsend a prayer? “Castiel, I need to talk to you.”
He couldn’t look up at Dean. He was still trying to figure out what on earth Dean was talking about, but he knew that this wouldn’t play out well for him and he couldn’t bear to see the negative emotions playing across Dean’s face.
“No, I just feel… it’s different. I’ll get used to it. Everything is much quieter and duller, but also more intense. I’ll be fine. I’m sorry I won’t be any help against Chuck, though.”
“I do if it’s a prayer. That was directed at me rather forcefully. Sorry.” He didn’t look sorry. He looked happy and maybe a little smug. “Forever?”
Dean swallowed hard at that, clutching at Castiel’s hand just a bit tighter. “I just want to make you happy, Cas. Happy that doesn’t get you sucked into Hell. Just… happy.”
“Castiel is here?” Sam asked excitedly. He glanced skyward, as though he expected their holy tax accountant to flutter down on big sparkly wings.
Castiel had, of course, thought of telling Dean about his feelings before. He had imagined what Dean might say in response- had daydreamed of Dean not minding, of clapping him on the back and chuckling awkwardly before inviting him to watch a movie in the Dean Cave to assure them both that things wouldn’t be awkward. In darker moods, he ran though all the ways that Dean’s displeasure at his confession could manifest- as disappointment or disgust or anger or fear. On rare occasions, he had foolishly concocted scenarios in which Dean said he felt the same, had been gentle with him, had maybe even kissed him. But never had Castiel imagined that the moment he shared his feelings would also be a moment fraught with danger and death.
It was one of the first things that Castiel had ever told him, but it was wrong. Dean didn’t deserve to be saved, not when so many other people hadn’t gotten that chance. He didn’t deserve to be saved yet again when so many good people had died. And he absolutely did not deserve to be saved by Castiel, by this beacon of celestial energy whose life he had ruined and who he had let down so many times, and whose heart he thinks he may have broken in Castiel’s final moments alive.
The Angel pulled Dean off the metal and eased him to the ground, praying that Dean couldn’t feel how his hands were shaking and reciting Enochian verse in his head to try to block out the soft whimpers of pain Dean couldn’t manage to suppress. He let his grace flow through the man, healing him. He healed the gaping wound in his back, the damage to his spine and organs. Then he kept healing. Healing the arthritis in Dean’s right hand. Healing that spot in his left ankle that ached sometimes. Healing his liver from far too much whiskey. He’d done this before, with casual touches that Dean had never noticed. He was sure Dean would be angry if he’d known. But now he had to make sure he got everything, because this would be the last time that he did it. The last time that he saw Dean Winchester. He told himself he wasn’t allowed to be sad at that, because it was still one more time than he thought he had.
Yes, they were driving into a terrible situation, and yes, they were fighting against God. But Dean was driving his beloved car and playing music just a little too loudly. They were driving towards Sam, who in the meantime would be doing all he could to gather information and problem-solve the latest nightmare facing them. And they were driving towards Jack, who was alive and good and wonderful and everything like his mother had hoped and nothing like so many people had feared.
“It’s not the one I’m having,” Castiel answered faintly. At his words, all the fight drained out of Dean. He sank onto his knees before his best friend, noticing perhaps for the first time how anxious and upset Castiel was.
The kitchen was silent as Dean prepared the sandwich. He was grateful for the time to collect his thoughts, even though he was still very much not thinking about what Castiel had said to summon the Empty. Cas looked so sad. Sad and small and not at all the way he should ever look. Dean remembered when Castiel was human before, and how he had failed Castiel so completely. He was sure Cas was remembering it too, even though he’d promised Dean long ago that he’d forgiven him. He needed to make sure Cas knew it wasn’t going to be like that this time. Dean wouldn’t let him down again. (He ignored the ugly thought that all he ever seemed to do was let Cas down.) The sandwich wasn’t going to be enough to prove to Cas that he was safe with the Winchesters- with Dean. How could he possibly show him the lengths to which he’d go to protect him?
“Uh, I’m, uh, wondering where Sam is…?” He asked, awkwardly trying to shuffle his way into the room whilst simultaneously trying to make himself appear smaller (and failing).
Of course, it fades quickly when two big alphas and Dean Winchester walk through the door, the difference between the oldest Winchester and the other two clear.
Kevin came back an hour later. Snarling at the guard that man-handled him back into his cell and snapping his teeth, the omega struggled to get out of the alphas' grip.
Ever since the got here, Dean has been scouting out every single method of exit and entrance in the warehouse, and has been formulating a plan since they got stuck in this dump.
“Cas! Oh, thank god, you weren’t breathing, I was able to get you to, but you wouldn’t stop shaking, and I didn’t know…” As he talked, Dean crossed over to the angel, reaching out to feel his forehead. Cas drew back, whimpering.
“So you’re my brother! I’m not going to let you just… sacrifice yourself!” Sam snapped right back, before shaking his head again. “No. We either escape together, or not at all.”
“It would’ve been a lot easier if Gabriel had just used his powers,” He grumped, plopping down onto the couch and crossing his arms. The archangel huffed and rolled his eyes.
“Do you mind if I ask why you’re still here? I mean, it seems like you’ve been here for a long time, and it’s not like this is a desirable vacation home or something.” Kevin puffed out a breath.
If you asked Gabriel about the Shurley Estate, he could tell you about it in perfect clarity, despite the years he had been absent from its grounds.
Gabriel stood back up, grinning at his brother and brother in law as he crossed behind the counter, reaching down and coming back up with a large chocolate chip cookie. He handed it dramatically to Claire, who cheered and took it, running off to sit against the counter to eat her cookie, chatting happily to nothing, Cas had to presume she was holding a conversation with Sully.
Thousands of memories zoomed up, over, and into him, too fast for Dean to process. Faces from his past flashed in front of him, people that a single look at their faces gave Dean the guilt of a thousand men. His mind would supply him with the omegas that he was forced to take in. They advanced on him, anger etched into their faces. And leading the angry pack is Castiel.
“You should be fine,” Alex told him, standing up. “It could’ve been a lot worse.” Dean nodded to her.
“Order for Talbot!” Castiel yelled, scanning the busy restaurant for the brunette while hurriedly wiping sweat off his brow and grabbing the greasy plate of sandwiches that had just been slid to him with a receipt. Bela walked up and took her food, taking time to wrinkle her nose at him. Cas wasn’t offended though, that was just her normal look.
“Hello Dean,” he whispered, carefully getting under the covers to not let heat out from underneath the warm blankets. He wiggled into the mattress and laid his head down on his slightly cold pillow, meeting the drowsy face of his boyfriend.
“I don’t know,” She said, before looking back to her father. “Sully and I want a friend, but my friends at school say siblings are yucky and I’m lucky.” Dean mulled over this, rolling his lip in between his teeth.
“You know Gabriel, you do in fact have the sense to do what is told of you when you have to, don’t you?” The beta pulled out from under his desk a small can with a thin nozzle. Though it took Castiel a minute to understand what it was, Gabe had no such trouble and when he saw it flinched so hard that Cas could feel it through his chair. And he understood a moment later why when he took a closer look at the can and recognized what it was.
“You’re tired because you stayed up until 5 in the morning wrapping presents, moron.” He teased, slinging an arm across the righteous man’s chest. Dean frowned down at him.
He could hear Cas shouting above him, telling him all the things he knows he is, but it still hurts for somebody else to say them. His voice was muffled, and tears streamed down Dean's face.
Kevin let out a faint, anxious scent, one that only Gabe and Cas could smell, as inconspicuous as he could, Gabe released back a calming one.
Cas is a screw-up, Dean doesn’t need him to deal with, too. So instead of making his way to Dean’s room, Cas simply slid down the wall again, struggling to intake breath.
His horror must have shown on his face, because Alastair grinned gruesomely again. “Yes, hurts like hell, but survivable. Proven by your little cell friend!” Alastair rolled his eyes, faking annoyance.
Breathe. He ordered himself, squeezing his eyes shut as tight as possible, wheezing. Breathe, breathe, breathe breathe breathe!
“What...what about me?” He asked, eyes darting down to Cas’ lips for half a second before going back up to his eyes. Almost subconsciously the two moved closer, and Cas realized somewhat dully his arms were still around Dean’s waist.
Castiel met Becky in a small bookstore on Gabe and his first days in town. Fast forward a bunch of talk about trying to find a job to help his brother, she invited him to be a waiter at the Wincestial, a restaurant (she proudly told him she got to name the diner after her favorite “slash ship”, whatever the hell that is) she started with her husband Rod a couple of years back.
Dean, who seemed shaken by this whole ordeal, just cleared his throat awkwardly and quickened his pace. Castiel squeezed his hand and asked again.
“Come in.” Pushing the door open, hands shaking so hard the water in his pail trembled, Sam slipped into Alastair's office, eyes on the floor in front of him.
Sam and Gabriel had gone to bed nearly an hour ago, and Jack had been quick to follow, yawning as he had stumbled off to his own room.
“Oooh, Winchester?” The brothers froze at the familiar sound of the alpha guard, Ruby’s, voice. “Time to go to Lu-ci,” she sang, sounding delighted. Dean’s hand drifted to his gun, which was holstered on his hip. Finally, Ruby came into view at the end of the hall, hand also over her gun. She continued walking forward.
“I suppose. We’ve already done the meeting with that girl from the agency, and Sam, Charlie, and Jody have already made references, so all we have to do is turn this in. We’ll hear back, go through the regular stuff, and move on. How stressful can it be?”
Dean’s voice cracked. “Cas…” Cas smiled softly as if he could read his thoughts. He gently grabbed Dean’s hand with one of his own, pressing it to his swollen stomach. With his other hand, he presses his hand to the side of Dean's face and leans their foreheads together.
It wasn’t until eight years later that Castiel had realized that he had seen Gabe walking home from school through his classroom window, laughing and talking with his friends about one thing or another, not in pain in the slightest.
Grabbing his little pail filled to the brim with soapy water, along with his small scrub brush, he made his way out of the training room and heads towards the one at the back of the warehouse.
“Wouldn’t want to spoil the show,” he joked as Cas slipped out of his shirt and grabbed one of the righteous man’s old AC/DC shirts from where it hung over a chair. “You should wear my clothes more often.”
And if Sam was to walk into Dean’s room later without knocking, looking for a book on some sort of lore and instead finding his naked brother and ex-angel tangled up in bed together, Dean’s hands still softly rubbing up and down Cas’ back, he really wouldn’t be surprised, would he?
Dean, who had stared at the omega squished against his chest like he had just eaten a puppy, backed up and cleared his throat.
“Well, at least one of you two has a brain!” He exclaimed, with the same delight a parent might have when their child scores a 100% on a test or graduated at the top of their class. “Why do you think?” He chuckled. “I mean, Daddy was a marine, and invaded many places he should have left well enough alone.
“I love you to Dean, now go to sleep.” Dean grinned, leaning his head against the seraph's curly hair.
So I tried my hardest to make the Winchesters and Novak’s ages match up, which ended in all of them being roughly the same age.
“Yeah, I know, I’m sorry,” he sighed, rubbing his face, then scoffed. “I’m just stressed. I mean, we
“You, interrupting me earlier, I mean, you agreed that—” Dean nodded, cutting Cas off, who stared at him expectantly.
“Shut up,” He muttered. “I wanted to say something nice.” Dean sighed happily, running his hand up and down Cas’ back.
“Kevin, what actually happens at training centers?” He asks cautiously, Kevin’s breath caught in his throat. Both Novak’s could smell the fear and anxiety oozing out of the other omega.
Once they reached the training room door, Dean came to a stop and cleared his throat, shuffling his feet a bit before plowing ahead again, opening the door and storming through to meet Casey, the trainer waiting for them. She nodded bluntly at Dean and took Cas by the arm, yanking him to her sharply. He repressed the urge to growl.
Gabriel held up his hands in defense, shrugging. “What?” He asked, and Sam shook his head, laughing again as he carefully took the candy from the omega, setting it in his lap.
And so they up and left, again. This time they stopped just outside of Lebanon, Kansas. Dean led him into a large, forest-y grove, with large trees that stretched up into the sky. (it reminded Sam of those Disney films where everybody was always singing and dancing) Dean didn’t tell him a lot at the time about how he knew Azazel ( he also didn’t tell Sam how he knew his name) would be here.
“Crowded,” Dean replied, smiling. “It’s getting closer to the big day, everyone’s trying to get as many presents as possible.” Cas grinned, turning around in Dean’s embrace, pressing his lips to the humans.
“Took ya long enough, dummy,” Dean muttered but gave the seraph a half-smile. “I’m cold, need my angel to warm me up,” he said, and Cas held out his arms.
Cas pulled back after a second, leaning his forehead on Dean’s and panting slightly. “I love you the most too,” he murmured, smiling softly. Dean reached his hand up and tangled it in his angel's dark hair, kissing him softly once more.
“No way!” Dean cut in sharply. “He’s my brother, I’ll be the one to find him.” Cas scowled and shook his head.
“Trying to erase the hellish image of what we just walked in on from my mind,” He muttered and Cas rolled his eyes but grinned at the man in front of him.
“Clipboard?” She asked, voice brisk and down to business. Dean pulled the board from one of his gigantic cargo pants pockets (the one plus side to this hell: big pockets) and tossed it to her, ignoring her angry hiss.
Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it! Was mostly Dean's train of thought as he froze in place like an idiot, trying to decide what to do. Kevin probably knew where Sam was, but at the same time, that would put Dean’s entire resolve to avoid the Novaks completely to hell.
“I know. And I’m still so goddamn glad.” Cas sighs, looking up at Dean with sleepy eyes, and the alpha feels a stab of guilt for waking his omega up. Lunging forward to press a gentle kiss to Cas’s lips he feels the omega sigh against him, and when he pulls back Cas curls into his shoulder, eyes fluttering shut. “See you in the morning, baby.”
“We are quite skilled at this,” Cas admitted, sighing as he snuggled back into his boyfriend as they sat in the snow.
“—that we’d better get going.” Dean finished, giving Cas the look of ‘I’ll explain later.’ “You coming or not, Sammy?” Sighing, Sam moved to grab his jacket.
Other than himself, Lafitte was the only one Dean was sure he could trust, seeing as he was the only other one that hated their ‘coworkers’.
After a few seconds of this, he inched closer, finally leaning against the wall on the far side of the door, and peered into the large window that showed the training rooms inside. The scent was so strong at this point Sam’s eyes were watering and he swayed on his feet, but stayed standing, focusing on the image in front of him.
“I love you too,” he told his boyfriend, before craning his neck to look at the clock on the wall, sighing when he read the time. “It’s 6:30,” he said, turning to get out of the bed. “We’ve gotta go down to the coroner's office and meet with the coroner lady at 7:45.”
For example, today was the synthetic smell of a miserable and dying omega. Gabriel had been able to resist the anxiety-inducing scent for all of two minutes before he whined and surrendered, doing what the trainer wanted and laying down.
“Next time we’ll have to get at least two rooms,” He responded, glancing first over to Jack, who was laying on the couch with his face pressed into the cushion, fast asleep, then to their brothers, who were laying on the opposite bed, Sam’s arm thrown over a snoring Gabriel’s waist.
“Okay.” Satisfied, Dean nodded, making his way out of the kitchen. But on his way, he pats Castiel on the back, right between the shoulder blades and the seraph is unable to hide his soft cry of pain at the action. Dean immediately backtracks, moving back to glance into Cas’ eyes.
“Cas, baby--” Dean croaked, trying to reach out for his love's hand. He couldn’t stand it. He couldn’t let Castiel hate him. He’d do anything.
“We’re here,” Dean announced, looking relieved. He obviously wasn’t used to the intense grilling of a stubborn omega. Gabriel snorted. Wimp.
“Hey, baby,” He grinned. “What’d you and Sully do today?” As Claire re-told her adventures with her imaginary friend that day, Cas moved to greet Sam and Bobby, hugging his brother-in-law and shaking hands with his father-in-law.
When he was an angel, this wouldn’t have been a startling revelation at all, but he is human now. And humans need to breathe.
like houses like other kids at schools houses was when he was eight. Gabriel had been ten at the time, and Cas had come back from school to find Gabe (who got out an hour before him in school) limping, holding his stomach.
“Phantom limb pain?” Dean repeated, before shaking his head. “You mean like, even though you don’t have them anymore, your wings hurt?” Cas nods, flushing slightly. “Do they still hurt?” Dean asked softly after a minute and Castiel hesitates before answering.
“Be right back,” He grinned before running off. Cas huffed out a laugh and turned around, shaking his head as he opened the door to their shared room so he could grab his trench.
And then, a noise sounded from the woods. Shouting, boots running and tripping on roots of trees. And from where Azazel was lying under Dean, mouth full of blood, chuckled. “Here comes the company,” He sing-songed.
“Over here, Dean.” His little brothers soft voice drifted from the left. Following the voice, he found Sam curled up against the wall, hands over hiss knees and head leaning against the window.
“Kids!” Cas hissed, getting more and more annoyed. “Shush!” Dean laughed, but promptly shut up when Cas gave him an evil look. Both kids huffed but turned back to their places, just in time for the usher to begin speaking.
“It most definitely was,” Dean agreed, smiling. “Just a calm, quiet day of hanging around with nothing to do. I could get behind that.” Cas nodded.
Claire giggled. “Love you to Papa,” she said softly, snuggling into her blankets. “Daddy already said all that, but tell him it again, kay?” Cas simply nodded, turning off her lights to her room as he softly shut her door.
“Yeah, I’ll meet guys there.” Satisfied with his answer, Dean nodded and steered his husband and daughter out the door, raising a hand in goodbye to Bobby.
“I knew it was you. Crowley always said something about the youngest Shurleys. Good for you, escaping with your brother. Changed your name to Novak, I’m guessing? And honestly, it’s not okay, but it’s not your fault. I would’ve done the same thing, we’re good.”
“I’d have to agree.” Then he pulled off his hat, sticking it haphazardly onto the snowman. “I saw it in someone’s yard when we were in town,” He explained to his human. Dean nodded in understanding and unwrapped his own scarf, slinging it around the snowman’s neck before digging into his pocket and pulling out his gun, emptying the chamber of five bullets before putting the gun away.
“Do you know of anywhere, anywhere we could go where they wouldn’t turn us in?” Dean asked for Gabe. Kevin blinked again then shook his head.
Beta’s usually don’t have that strong of a smell, sort of a weak copy-cat scent of what Alphas would smell like, or, in some rare cases, what omegas smelt like, but they did have a scent, and for some reason that just freaked Castiel out more, because for all he knows, Alastair was a sub beta, and that just made Castiel fear that what this greasy haired beta had become could happen to him.
So I invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy The Seas of Struggle! (Yes, I know, it’s a horrible name)
This wasn’t his bed. Cas wasn’t sure how he was so certain, but he just knew. He groaned slightly, head pounding, and turned slightly to the side, still gasping.
“Shut up.” They grinned at each other for a moment, forgetting the world around them. Dean found Cas getting closer, and leaned forward slightly, lips parting. Cas was getting closer, and closer, eyes drifting shut, and...
“What do I do with these?” He asked, squinting his eyes slightly. Gabe placed a hand over his chest in mock offense, huffing.
“It, uh, it turns out that it's a lot harder than I thought. And you know, it's okay that you’re freaked, it's totally understandable if—“ This time he was cut off when Sam grabbed his arms and put them back on his chest, bending down slightly to press their lips together. Gabe froze at first but quickly melted into the kiss, winding his arms around Sam's shoulders as the alpha slipped his hands around Gabes waist.
“The trainers aren’t allowed to physically abuse you, it decreases your price.” Dean murmured quickly as he worked on the lock. “The worst they can do is threaten you, and omegas are usually so frightened they’ll usually do whatever the trainers want. The very worst they can do is scent abuse you, but you should be able to block it out. So misbehave, stay here for as long as you can, because your masters actually can physically abuse you. Trust me, it’s better here,”
“Okay. Could you, uh…” Dean cleared his throat awkwardly before continuing. “Could you lay down on the bed, on your stomach? Please?” Cas hesitated again before nodding, laying down on the bed and burying his face in Dean’s pillow, inhaling the gun powder and whiskey-like scent that rose up from it. He began to ask Dean what he was doing before all clear thoughts were wiped from his head, the moment Dean placed his hands on the ex-angels back.
“Dean,” Cas started timidly. “Who- who brought in Kevin?” Deans grip on Cas’ arm subconsciously tightened, and the omega winced, making Dean loosen his grip instantly.
Castiel fumbled for a second when the bag came flying towards him, stumbling back but catching it in his arms. After he was certain he wasn’t going to topple over, the ex-angel studied the bag.
He knocked on the door that led to Chuck’s study, cracking his knuckles nervously and praying to the gods above that this would work.
“What did he do?” He asked the two alphas, voice going down a couple of notches, warning them not to play games. Meg rolled her eyes.
“I dunno,” the omega murmured softly, smiling slightly as he stared at the alpha in front of him. “Care to find out?”
“I dunno. It’s just… what you do. Get them something meaningful, thoughtful, I guess.” Cas’ eyes lit up in understanding as he carefully placed the lettuce on the shelf.
Cas pushed gently on the door to his and Dean’s shared bedroom, slipping into the dark room before quietly shutting it behind him, making his way blindly to the middle of the room.
He was numbly aware of everything; Dean screaming, being held back by two of the Company’s men, and blood gushing from his side.
Cas groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose. Life on the run (Castiel didn’t even know what they were running from anymore) could be frustrating. Don’t get him wrong, he was grateful as hell that Gabe had gotten him out of getting sold, he had heard omega slavery horror stories, and had seen a couple of omegas that had been sold as soon as they presented, and it wasn’t pretty.
“I think it’s fun,” he remarked as he went back to the small gift he was wrapping, adding another piece of tape to the present. “Are you not enjoying yourself?” He glanced up again, with slight worry in his eyes.
But Sam’s delight was short lived, because yeah, it’s a window, which means they can escape through it, but it’s a heavy-duty bullet proof window sealed for the exact purpose of preventing escapes, and even if it could be broken, the noise would alert every guard in a mile radius to the sound.
“I know.” They went back to admiring the small wreath that the angel had just hung on their bedroom door, a green, leafy thing that had small bronze bells and dark red bows hanging from it. “I gotta say, you have a knack for knowing exactly where things should go.” Cas flushed lightly but still smiled, leaning back even more into his human.
“You know, I was planning on bringing in your Mommy. But you know how it is, mates.” He shrugged, “As soon as I ripped her alphas throat out, she charged me. Inconvenient, but you don’t always win.” He sighed. Dean's hand still shook on the colt.
Finally reaching the mahogany door, Sam knocked twice, quickly, and the beta’s greasy voice called out from inside the room.
Kevin Tran played with his fingers nervously, hands shaking. Pamela came up behind him, placing a gentle hand on his shoulder. “You’ve got this,” She told him gently, and when Kevin looked behind him, meeting eyes with the Novak’s and Winchesters, all of which gave him either half-hearted smiles or soft nods.
“I didn’t think that they’d ever stop talking,” Dean joked, toeing off his shoes and sitting next to Cas at the edge of their bed. “I don’t think I’ve seen Sammy this excited in years.” Cas grinned, leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder.
I also have to apologize for the lack and inconsistency of updates, I had to fly down to Italy because of pretty bad family-related issues and didn’t have time to write anything. Although stuff is still pretty bad, I should be able to pull it together enough to write the Sabriel epilogue after this.
With Sam and Gabriel down in Vernal to work some case and Jack visiting Jody, Alex, and Claire, being able to be alone was a gift for both ex-angel and human.
Dean had gone to their bedroom about fifteen minutes ago, kissing Cas on the temple before wrapping a soft quilt around his shoulders and walking down the hall, flicking the lights off as he went.
It was obvious to Castiel that Alastair wore scent blockers too, but unlike Dean, who’s lack of scent just made Castiel uncomfortable, as if he had smelled a rose and no smell had come to him, Alastair's scentless air made him seem… deadly. As if he simply had no scent as to hunt Cas down, and force him to do his bidding. And, thought Castiel, feeling gross with the realization, that's probably why he did wear blockers.
“Oh, nothing much,” She yawned, and Dean tightened his grip on her shoulders. “I mean, I’m sure little Sammy was destined to be Lucifer's boy toy eventually. Old Luci always did have a thing for alphas.” But Dean barely heard the last part, seeing as soon as Meg had mentioned Lucifer, he had dropped her ungracefully to the floor and ran off at full speed to his and Sam’s cell.
So because of life and stuff and other things, I won't be able to update as much as I was before, so instead of updating on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, I'll be updating Wednesday and Sunday. I'm SO sorry and I hope you understand.
“But then again,” Gabriel argued, getting more confident now. He would not let Cassie be taken from him, “If he is, you will gain double the money. Besides, it is a good chance that Castiel will be an omega. After all, most households with alpha-omega parents have split genders, and you already have two alpha sons, father, so there is at least a fifty percent chance that Castiel will be an omega.”
“Gabe! Dean’ll die!” Cas protested angrily. “Sam can just take him to the hospital, we’ll wait somewhere, it’ll be fine--”
“I come back home, don’t I?” He shoots back. “But changing the subject, how’s Benny been? Any luck in finding Andrea?” It’s Dean’s turn to sigh this time.
“You’re just jealous.” Before Cas has a chance to speak Gabe perks up, hopping over to the door that just barely opened, revealing both of the Winchesters, both in corny sweaters with guns on the front. “Sammy!” As Sam stumbled forward with the force of a miniature archangel crashing into him Dean walked over to Cas, slipping his arms around the ex-angels waist and kissing his boyfriend’s cheek.
“Cas!” The human's voice was close to panic now, which for some reason Cas found funny. “Cas, you've gotta breathe! You’ve gotta…” The voice continued talking, but Cas couldn’t make it what it was saying anymore. Dean’s hands were on his face now, burning what felt like blisters into his sensitive skin, but Cas didn’t care.
“Sorry! Sorry… it’s my fault, I-I mean—”  Dean stammered, obviously worrying that he hurt Cas. Feeling guilty, Cas shook his head.
Gabriel and Castiel managed to stay hidden from all eyes for eight entire years, changing their last names to Novak, Gabriel making money by playing pool and selling the artifacts he had stolen from the Shurley Estate. For eight entire years, the brothers were happy, moving from town to town and only staying in one spot for three months at the latest.
our best option—” he held up his hand, preventing Sam from interrupting, “if it is the only plan we can come up with, I want you to try your damned hardest to get the hall hell outta here. But,” he hesitated. “If there’s time, promise me you’ll grab Castiel and Gabriel and Kevin. Help them escape, I’ll draw attention away from you out. They’re the only omegas in the warehouse right now, and the least I can do is suffer for them, to at least
“Night.” After a few minutes Kevin’s breath leveled out, and in another few minutes Gabriel stretched, popping the muscles in his back and glancing at his little brother.
“The one about you finding out that I’m in love with you,” Castiel breathed, feeling impossibly worse after saying it aloud. “Where you find out that from the moment you said hello to me on my first day at Lawrence Elementary, all I’ve ever wanted was to spend my life with you. And you’re Dean Winchester. You’re free and wild and you like hot girls and tough guys and fast cars. And I’m the awkward little nerd who you’ve tried so hard to be nice to and who you’ve made a place in your life for and I’m so selfish that it’s not enough and I want more. I’m sorry, Dean. I wasn’t going to let you find out. Ever. I could keep it quiet, and I was okay with that. But now you know and it changes everything. I’m sorry.”
The Empty would not take Dean. It couldn’t. It had no dominion over humans. This is what Castiel told himself as he fought the urge to shove Dean away yet again to keep him safe. But it also wasn’t going to leave. Eventually, Dean would breathe or shift and it would pull Castiel away. The Empty was timeless. It could wait.
Sam found Eileen, his wife of forty one years, and settled in to spend the next forty one millennia with her. The Rainbow Bridge, he told Dean, wasn’t like the stories. All his former dogs hadn’t come running at him the moment he entered Heaven, but they eventually found their way to him.
“I don’t think that common tropes of courting aptly encompass the depths of the bond we share, or what I hope our relationship could be,” Castiel replied bluntly.
Sam also obeyed without question, but Dean didn’t dare check the expression on his little brother’s face. He was sure it would be nothing like Castiel’s confusion. If he had to take a guess- (which he didn’t want to do, because he really didn’t want to think about it at all)- Dean would imagine Sam’s face to be something between a knowing smirk and a shit-eating grin.
Of course it was Dean who found him. Who knew that if Castiel wanted a place to hide from the world, he would go to the last study room in the west corridor of the fourth floor of the library. He didn’t say anything at first, just sat on the floor beside him, pretending he didn’t see the other boy drying tears with his sleeve.
“I don’t want anything,” Castiel answered. He was lying. He wanted Dean to let this go. He wanted to have the sort of easy friendship they’d had years ago. He wanted to watch cowboy movies and talk about nothing for hours on end. He wanted Dean to look at him like he was a safe space, not a landmine.
But when the tense silence between them finally shattered, it was with laughter. Castiel looked up, shocked, to find Dean sprawled flat on his back, laughing so hard there were tears in his eyes. “You- you thought that I- Cas, holy crap, we’re idiots. Damn, this has gotta be the stupidest two people have ever been.”
Tonight, Castiel was sprawled across the bed closest to the window, his trench coat hanging in the small closet next to Sam's corduroy jacket. When the younger Winchester relocated from the armchair to bed, Castiel would likely swap places with him and spend the night buried in an ancient text. Dean stood in the bathroom doorway for a long moment- too long, a part of his mind chided- enjoying the sight of his friend so obviously at ease.
“Well, my mom died when Sammy was a baby, and my dad- I guess sometimes things are too messed up even for grown ups to handle. So we moved around a lot and my dad would work different jobs and then he’d mess it up and we’d have to leave again. But my uncle Bobby- he’s not really my uncle but we call him that- well, he didn’t like how much we moved. Said that wasn’t any way for me and Sammy to live, so now we live with him. And we get to stay here forever!”
“You’re bleeding out,” He said, worry and anger conflicting in his face. “You’ll die and you’re just going to sit?” He didn’t know why he was so upset, why he was so angry at Dean, but he was. He wanted to shake the older Winchester by the shoulders until he came to his senses, and agreed to get help. But he was jolted out of his thoughts by Dean himself, who spoke to him softly yet firmly.
Ragged clothes, swollen faces from beatings, along with hollowed and empty eyes, Cas has had quite a few nightmares about seeing Gabe like that or looking into the mirror and seeing a broken omega staring back at him.
“Where did they take him? Is he ok? Dean! Where is my brother?!” Cas was looking wildly around, shaking from head to foot. When Alastair's door had opened, Dean and the two other alphas had been standing there, and while Dean had taken him, the two goonies had taken Gabe.
But he didn’t. Because the omega giving off the strong pheromones scent was as familiar to Cas as his own. Toffee and freshly baked cookies.
Fast forward about ten minutes and here they are, staring at one another shyly while making rather pathetic small talk.
“They made me hunt.” Alex cut in, biting her lip. “For other omegas. To… you know,” Castiel blinked, not sure what he was expecting.
“Nope. You have enough going on, and unless you want a rant about how you’re the best alpha on earth, you have absolutely NOTHING to apologize for, Dean Winchester.”
He found himself subconsciously reaching behind him for Dean, who had left about two minutes ago. For some odd reason he felt drawn to the soft alpha, and was appalled at the fact that he believed he deserved to be hurt.
After the trainer had finished poking the omega (which just consisted of pinching and prodding to see how fit and healthy the man is) he pulled out a bag and from there fished out a can, and Sam snarled, surprising himself. He can’t remember the last time he got pissed off enough to do anything primal.
At the growl, the two alpha idiots scents stiffened with anger, and they started forward, only stopping by a warning growl from Dean.
As the guard on the left passed the clipboard back to the trainer, who had given it to him earlier on, he nodded and the one on the right, who was holding something small by the shoulders, pushed him roughly towards the man in white, and Sam’s breath caught in his throat.
“Time to go,” one of the alphas told the two Novak’s, and underneath the black mask, Gabe was sure he was grinning. He growled softly, a warning for them not to come closer.
But Dean simply closes his eyes and pulls Cas closer to him, not wanting to let the omega go, even in what might be a dream.
Cas beamed at his human, sticking out his pinky to Dean, who raised an eyebrow. “What?” He defended. “Jack taught me.” Dean rolled his eyes but hooked his angels pinky with his own, shaking them a couple of times before kissing Cas’ hand and dropping it.
“Two days.” Dean finished for him, feeling his stomach drop into his shoes. He had promised. That bastard had promised that if Dean did as he said, Sam would be safe. Shipping him out to Lucifer was as far from safe as you can get. But he couldn’t let Sam see him upset. He’s upset enough as it is, and Dean would rather die than give his little brother even more despair.
“Sam and Gabe went to the store, I think,” Dean said, sipping from his own mug. “Jack’s outside, seeing as it snowed again and he said something about making a snowman army.” Cas let out a soft laugh, leaning back against the bunker counter.
“Well, it’s nice,” he murmured, letting out a soft yawn as he nestled his chin between the juncture of Cas’ neck and shoulder. “Very cozy.”
Thirty minutes later, icing and candy were everywhere. In Sam’s hair, on Jack’s nose, all over the front of Cas’ shirt, Dean’s hands, and Gabriel’s, well, everything. But it was worth it because the group was now staring with satisfaction at forty perfectly iced and decorated cookies, all in a pile in the middle of the map table.
Their tongues danced together and Gabriel pressed as close as he could into the alpha, Sam reciprocating. But before things could get more heated however, there was a sharp knock on the door into the bathroom.
“I want to court Sam.” Dean nearly chokes on his own spit at that, turning to stare at the older Novak.
“It looks good,” He assured his husband, leaning his head on Cas’ shoulder. “I wouldn’t worry. We already did this once, how hard can it be a second time?” Cas shrugged in agreement.
And when Dean turned 25, he‘ll be forced to go on a job to capture two sold omegas. On this job, he will try his hardest to not harm the omega that is below him, wincing in sympathy and guilt as the omegas shoulder is jerked roughly out of socket. And then later on that same job, he’ll be hit over the back of the head by a heavy vase.
So my idea for this one I’ve been mulling over for a while, is pretty much one of those standard A/B/O fics that are pretty much EVERYWHERE.
“I told you! That’s not how we’re supposed to do it! It’s not tradition!” He argued but Sam merely rolled his eyes back. Cas laughed softly and turned back to the fireplace, adjusting another stocking before standing back.
“You’re not to touch them, that’s the trainers job,” Dean warned, and Gabriel could vaguely see his hackles raised. “Since you two can’t seem able to do this, go and wait outside. I’ll be out with them in a second.” The taller of the two tried to protest.
“Needed Sam’s gigantic height to hang up a banner in the library, I think,” He said after a moment, turning around. “How about after they finish with that we go out, hmm? Maybe go down to that one diner in town and get a nice meal? A Christmas special,” He grinned and Cas smiled back at him.
2) I have literally no idea about the adoption process, therefore having to research it, therefore reminding myself that research sucks, therefore it stresses me out.
And the last thing Castiel heard before The world turned on its side and faded into nothingness, was the righteous man’s panicked scream.
“Go ahead.” The omega hesitated for a second and then spoke up again. “What’ll you do, if you ever get out of here?” He asked. Kevin didn’t even hesitate to answer.
He inhaled deeply, taking in the alphas scent. Dean smelled of gunpowder, oddly enough, along with a trace of chlorine and, oddly enough, a flower.
They stayed silent for a moment, simply admiring the dancing flames in front of them as Cas started to drift off to sleep again. “Love ya,” He murmured sleepily, yawning again as the warm fire lulled him to sleep. Dean smiled adoringly down at him, pressing a kiss to the ex-angels dark curls.
“It’s okay Sammy,” He said softly, eyes warm. “It’s okay.” Sam slid down a tree, eyes conflicted and hands against his face. Gabe sat next to him and was talking to him softly. Cas didn’t pay him much attention to them and instead turned back to Dean, shaking his head frantically.
Castiel glanced down at Dean, mouth drifting up at the corners as he admired the righteous man, curled up into him with messy hair and sleepy eyes, a soft smile on his face as he watched the old Christmas movie. Dean looked up to meet Cas’ eyes, green eyes twinkling as he grinned up at his boyfriend. “What?”
dove bar soap. Which honestly is probably the weirdest scent ever, but for some reason, Gabriel liked the difference of it. What he didn’t like however, was the misery intertwined with the scent.
“Right,” She started awkwardly. “So… I’m Jody Mills and an alpha. That’s Bobby Singer, who’s a beta, and Alex…” She gestured to the dark-haired girl, who was rooting through her bag in an apparent search for something, “Is an omega.”
“Alex…” Jody sighed, “Was like you. Er, sort of. She was sold to this pack, made entirely out of alphas, and…”
Claire Winchester glanced sneakily over to her father before turning back to her other dad. She grinned and held out her hand. “I believe you owe me twenty monopoly dollars?” She smirked at Dean, who sighed and pulled out the money, handing it over to the twelve-year-old.
“And they don’t get suspicious?” Gabe asked. “I mean, of the same omega wandering around town with no supposed alpha.”
“Remember what I said,” was all Dean would say, walking briskly, and pulling the Novak’s along with him. Castiel, who hadn’t spoken since the other two alphas had entered their cell room, moved his arm down minutely so that for all intents and purposes, he was holding Dean's hand. Then, he asked:
Gabriel didn’t know either, but he wasn’t complaining. The scent was calming, and Gabe sure as hell needed calming if he was gonna get Cas and him out of this mess.
“O-ok, thanks.” He said softly when Kevin was done, and started to walk away again. When he reached the doorway, he turned around awkwardly and looked dead-on at Castiel and Gabriel, (their files had stated their names).
I’m so sorry this is short and a day late; I got a major case of writers block and then my computer broke. On the bright side, it’s out now and won’t happen again!
“I’m so sorry. God, Sammy, I’m so so sorry.” Sam awakes to the sound of his brother's broken voice and trembling hands clasping one of his.
“Ah, what’s wrong?” Ruby pouted. “Does big bwother Dean not want you to go? How sad…” apparently wanting a struggle, Ruby lunged forward, hoping to piss off Dean. Even though he hated to admit it, Sam had to notice it appeared to work. Dean snarled, muscles in his shoulders bunching and every inch of him tensing, getting ready to fight tooth and nail.
“I dunno,” He told the seraph, shrugging as he picked up the bag and opened it. “It’s just one of those traditions, you know? Baking cookies, decorating them with Christmas themes. Why, something wrong?” He plunged his hand into the gummy worms, sticking a bunch in his mouth before offering a few to Cas.
But he didn’t have any more time to stare at the small omega, because the two guards were coming back out of the training room, so he dropped to his knees quickly and started scrubbing the already clean floors, knowing they wouldn’t pay much attention to him.
Dean had quickly sat down on the floor, gesturing for Cas to do the same while rambling about how it’s ‘not good enough.’
“I’m glad, Angel.” He told Cas softly, so only the angel would hear. Castiel grinned to himself as he snuggled even deeper into Dean, admiring the cookies in front of them.
Dean gingerly touched the back of his head, flinching at the blood that came back on his fingers. He let the injury be, though. It’d be fine, and he deserved it.
Cas nibbled on the corner of a thin slice of cheese, before letting out a soft sigh. Then, he froze, quivering slightly as sniffed the air. Dean looked at him, looking worried. “Hey, you okay?” He asked, looking concerned. Cas faltered, looking over to the alpha.
“Don’t you dare stop,” He mumbled into the human’s pillow. Dean continued kneading his way down Cas’ back, doing his best to loosen the tight muscles. Cas sighed, completely happy to remain in this position for all time, in Dean’s bed, surrounded by Dean’s scent, with Dean’s amazing hands rubbing his back and stopping the annoying pain that had haunted him front the moment he fell to earth.
“So,” Sam said quietly, looking over Cas’ shoulder at Dean and Claire, “Your paper for the kid go through?” Cas sighed, rubbing a hand down his face.
“They’ll kill Dean and Sam.” Gabe interrupted guilt in his eyes. “Both of them know too much about the Company, and Alastair wouldn’t want them risking escape again. They’ll have put out an alarm, except for instead of just locking them back up again, they’ll kill them both, Cas. Dean… Dean’ll die either way.”
“Claire! Be careful sweetheart, Papa can’t bend down very well anymore,” Castiel scolds, bracing a hand on the small of his back as he prepares to squat down to wipe cheerios off their hardwood kitchen floor, three-year-old Claire Winchester giggling like a madman from her high-chair.
“I don’t think that it’s not to bend down,” He said, frowning thoughtfully. “I think that it’s just… don’t.” Dean snorts, rolling his eyes as he pulls back from Cas, though not before kissing him swiftly.
Castiel’s lips were suddenly on his, and Dean sat back on his heels to keep his balance. They stayed like that, Dean leaning back as Cas pretty much sat on his lap, arms around his neck as they kissed.
Everyone let out relieved sighs, sinking back even more into their chairs as Pam held up her hands to continue. “If he wins, we have a good start of shutting down the Company, which would take years but could be done if we have others supporting us. However,” She said, flipping her long brown hair over her shoulder, “If we lose, Alastair will have all rights to take all of you back and continue what he’s been doing, seeing as he ‘legally’ owns you or whatever.” She rolled her eyes at that.
“What…” He began and then paused before speaking up again. “What was bothering you, earlier this week? I mean, you seemed upset and I—“
“I-I didn’t mean it in a bad way, I just meant that you don’t have to—” He stammered out. Cas’ face softened.
“Dean shot three of ‘em,” Cas interrupted, grinning. “Then he pushed us through a small corridor, and we lost them! We circled around, and here you are!” Cas looked back at Dean, beaming at him. The alpha, who had no idea what to do with the praise, crossed his arms and cleared his throat, wincing when he put pressure on his side. Gabe frowned at him.
“Where did you even get all of this?” Sam Winchester asked his boyfriend in awe and disbelief, staring at the gigantic bags of candy that covered every inch of the bunker map table.
I am going to shoot you both, I swear to motherfucking god!” Cas and Dean stared at him in shock. Gabe continued ranting. “I am going to go,
“Thanks, Sammy,” He says, smiling. After Sam nodded and left, Cas pulled away from Dean, straightening his shirt.
Dean smiles, pressing a kiss to Cas’s forehead before taking a deep breath, still trying to calm down.
“How was your day, sweetheart?” Cas murmured softly under his breath as he pulled the AC/DC covers up over his small daughter, kissing her forehead. Claire grinned.
Sam frowned, looking down at the sucker and then turning to try and catch Gabe’s eyes as the omega looked down at his lap, frowning. “Hey,” He said softly, looking worried. “You okay?” Gabe took a deep breath before looking up to meet Sam’s eyes, smiling as cockily as he could manage.
The Companys, Gabe had noticed, primary way of getting omegas to do what they wanted was to target their direct biology. There’s an injured omega? Another omega would do anything in their power to make the miserable one feel better, including lying down and surrendering. A couple of days ago Castiel had warned him that they would target the scent glands in your arm to get you to do what they wanted, and that was possibly the worst pain that Gabriel had ever felt. But he pushed training out of his mind.
“A-about that, Father,” Gabriel began, cursing himself for stuttering. “I had an idea that would get you double the money.” Chuck, who didn’t look interested in the least in what his son had to say until the word ‘money’ was uttered, perked up.
He remembers being pushed behind Dean and watching from behind his big brothers arm as the mysterious alpha killed his mom and dad, which afterwards were just blurry motions of memory with screams injected.
Dean grabbed sweatpants and a clean t-shirt from his bag and headed into the small bathroom, choosing not to reply to his brother beyond a muttered, "bitch". Sam's answering shout of "jerk!" was clearly audible through the thin door.
Jack stared placidly at Castiel as they both felt Dean Winchester’s strength ebbing away. If he was to be saved, divine intervention would have to come quickly.
Five miles further down the road, Dean lifted their entwined fingers to his lips and brushed a kiss over Castiel’s knuckles. “Is that something you want? Something I should do?”
“Me too!” For the first time, Dean’s eager happiness faded from his face. “But, you’re staying forever too, right? You’re not going to be like me and Sammy moving around all the time, are you?”
Dean sighed. “When I saw him last- when the Empty took him- he said a lot of things and I didn’t- everything was happening so fast and I-“ He stopped. Was he really going to say this? Was he going to say this to Bobby?
Castiel smiled at him, so clearly happy to share this truth with Dean, though tears streamed down his face. He stood motionless as black sludge began bubbling into the room. He kept looking directly at Dean as Billie burst through the door.
Castiel stood before him, wearing Jimmy Novak’s face. No, it was Cas’s face. It had been a part of him for so long that it was now just as much his as the one that Dean would never be able to see. He looked very much like the Angel that Dean had known so many years ago- fully powered up, posture rigid. For a moment, Dean wondered if he should be afraid. But then he looked into those eyes he knew so well. He looked at the firm set of Castiel’s jaw. Castiel had never quite learned how to put expressions on Jimmy’s face, so Dean had learned over time to read the small movements that, once you understood them, were somehow infinitely more expressive than the most animated responses of normal humans.
“No, Dean, Angels are not supposed to. But I told you. You changed me. And besides, I’ve never been very good at the whole ‘supposed to’ thing.”
At sixteen, Dean Winchester was the heartthrob of the school, all leather jacket and rock and roll, with a quick temper but a kind heart. Castiel told himself that he had no right to feel heartbroken when Dean dated Cassie or Rhonda or Lisa or Carmen or a few of the boys on the football team. He was still Dean’s best friend and Dean had said on multiple occasions that he always would be. Castiel tried to tell himself that he wasn’t interested in sex, so he shouldn’t feel jealous that Dean was clearly having it. A lot. With both men and women who were decidedly not Castiel. It still hurt.
Well, that made sense, at least. Castiel had never thought Sam to be the type to be deliberately hurtful.
“I’m not going to yell at you!” Dean snapped indignantly. “Hell, none of this is your fault, Cas. I yelled at Sammy, though. If he wants to embarrass his big brother because he’s an annoying bitch, whatever, but he shouldn’t have dragged you into it.”
Jack looked at Castiel blankly. For a moment, Castiel thought back to the time when Jack was soulless, and he shuddered. “I won’t. I told Sam and Dean, I’m not that kind of God. Hands off, not playing with lives like Chuck.”
“Dean. I’m in Heaven. Jack is... wherever he is, he’s happy. Before he left, we were able to set things right for all the souls who exist here, all the souls who ever will. Yes, I fell for you. And I would do it a thousand times over with no regrets. But in this version of our story, I didn’t even have to lose everything forever. I’m alright, Dean. I was able to bring heaven back to what it was meant to be. I’ve succeeded. Because of you. Because of who you made me.”
What could Dean say to that? What could he possibly say to that? Castiel had just said things about him that he knew he could never deserve. And before that, he’d told Dean about some insane deal he’d made with the Empty that would take him away when he experienced true happiness? What the hell kind of fucked up deal was that?
Castiel took a deep and steadying breath- because he needed to breathe now. Because he was human. Because he’d just very nearly sacrificed his life to save Dean after Dean’s dumb ass had almost killed them both. Dean shook himself from that mental spiral and focused on Cas.
The knowing smirk Sam shot him as Dean ushered everyone towards their respective bedrooms was what clued Dean into the fact that he’d just been played. Bitch.
“I don’t do that!” Castiel snapped, switching from quiet embarrassment to righteous anger in seconds. And it was true. Castiel was sure that if- in some insane parallel universe- Dean were to initiate sexual activity, he would participate and enjoy it, but that was never what he wanted from Dean. He wanted exactly what they had, with the added understanding that they belonged to each other. He wanted the companionship that they’d already formed cemented into a partnership. He wanted an expansion of the way they sometimes leaned against each other when watching movies, wanted it to grow into hand holding and back rubs and perhaps an occasional kiss. When he’d explained all of that to Charlie, she had discussec with him the different degrees of asexuality, and what she said made a lot of sense. But he didn’t need to put any sort of a label on what it was he wanted from Dean. He just wanted Dean.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was shaking in a way Dean had never heard before. It made the hunter feel sick. “Those things I said before the Empty. They were all true. But now that we’re both here, here in this place forever. Please, Dean, if you want to just forget you heard all of that, I won’t mind.”
“But the song in question has no direct relation to her?” Castiel asked. Dean sighed; this was going to be a long conversation, and it was clear that Cas wasn’t going to just let it drop by saying he didn’t understand the reference and moving on.
tell Sam about him and Cas. He just… didn’t tell him. He knew Sam wouldn’t have a problem with the two-dudes part of it. In fact, he was almost sure that Sam wouldn’t have a problem with any of it. But he was going to be weird. Either he would trip over himself making sure that Dean knew it was okay to like dudes and be agonizingly supportive and buy a stupid rainbow or something, or-
Castiel looked at him sadly. “I heard that too. You do, Dean. Don’t you remember anything I say to you? You deserve to be saved. From Hell. From Billie.”
Sam hesitated for a moment, but managed to push forward with the conversation without even shooting Dean a bitch face. “And Mom and Dad?”
“Claire,” Castiel answered immediately, which only surprised Dean a little bit. They called her on the phone and explained it to her. She squealed with delight, called something over her shoulder, and then Dean heard someone that sounded like Alex say something along the lines of “fucking finally”.
“You think?” He asked, turning around in Dean’s embrace to make eye-contact. The righteous man grinned.
“You said they don’t physically abuse omegas. What about you? Do they hurt you?” Dean seemed slightly unnerved under Cas’ gaze.
