mixing blue and green like the sky meeting the grass on the horizon, and Dean absently wonders if this was how Sam and Jessica felt when they shared their magic for the first time.
Simultaneously, they inhale sharply, hissing exhales between gritted teeth.
Air never tasted so good.
Castiel chuckles. “Your brother is the most stubborn person anyone will ever know.” He nudges one of Dean’s hands open to weave their fingers together, squeezing when Dean growls quietly. “But Gabe’s grown on you, hasn’t he?”
Sam chokes on his smoothie.
Wincing, Dean slaps a hand over Castiel’s mouth, weak laughter bubbling up in his chest. “Dude,” he definitely doesn’t
Now empty, the ring of fire extinguishes, scattering into golden sparks before disappearing. The man tips his head to one side, narrowing his eyes.
Now, the realization cuts deep.
So furious he’s nearing vengeful, Castiel throws empty bottles against the walls around him with all the strength he could muster. He crushes all the empty cans between his hands, smashes the few wooden chairs until they’re reduced to jagged scraps of wood.
Dean pads across the room, footsteps muffled by his socks. He stops at the edge of the soft pit Castiel’s sitting in, arms wrapped around his knees as he crouches down. “Cas? You okay?”
Castiel nods, a tiny dip of his head.
It had taken him this long to muster up the courage to drink with abandon. The first few days, he'd stopped at the very first hints of plain drunk, a part of him worried someone —
It looks nothing like what he’d imagine a power centered arrogant asshole living in. Although there’s plenty being said about the magical strength of the person running this shop, Dean hasn’t heard a peep about what their character might be like, and now all his assumptions have been thrown out the metaphorical window.
“That was… unexpected.”
Then, he drinks.
it's peak devastation time, folks
Dean doesn’t move, tail swishing idly over the hardwood floor.
It feels like forever.
Castiel stumbles to an abrupt halt a single step from the bed. Dean’s grip isn’t strong enough to force him to stop, but as always, Castiel will let a single touch from Dean be enough. “Dean?”
(if y'all didn't catch it, Dean's place is called Slice of Heaven :'))) whew it's been a while since I've written anything this long lol)
Dean makes the — if he were to be totally honest, frankly quite brilliant — decision to buy herbs from the shop instead of the grocery store he frequents each week.
It’s going to be a long day.
[07.09.20]
“Mm, yeah? You make great coffee, I’ve an awesome bed.” Dean doesn’t know if he’s making sense anymore — his words are slurring. “C’n see you ev’ryday.”
Castiel inhales a sharp, unnecessary breath, blinking in the darkness of Dean’s bedroom. Still asleep and firmly trapped in the web of his dreams, Dean turns his head towards Castiel, expression twisted in pain as he gasps a soundless
Dean chokes out, nearly a sob.
“Hm. A familiar… And you are?”
“Mm.” Dean lifts his arm to let Castiel scoot up against his side, resting his hand just above the sharp jut of Castiel’s hip. “Sleep. I got you.”
Heart pounding behind his ribs, Dean only just barely holds back his irritated scowl by busying himself with twisting the cap off the bottle in his hands.
Castiel’s expression is so unbearably lonely and sad and Dean wants nothing more than to bundle him into his arms. Hold him tight, keep him safe from all the years of torment weighing on his soul.
Dean kicks idly at a rock on the path. He doesn’t know why, but he could definitely see Castiel as one of those tiny brightly coloured songbirds—
Dean doesn’t hesitate for a second.
Castiel grins, bursting into helpless laughter when Dean blinks at him with dazed eyes and red flushed cheeks. Playing at irritation, Dean pulls together enough of his scattered brain cells to shove Castiel back against the wall, leaning in to nip teasingly at his bottom lip.
[14.08.20]
teeth and a rough pink tongue.
[25.08.20]
He departs in a quiet rustle of feathers. But Castiel doesn’t stray — he never strays — far, lingering close to watch over the troubled human he’s grown quite fond of.
“Dude, why don’t you ever talk? Your voice is awesome.” Dean blinks. “Ah— Shit, sorry, my brain went offline and I… Should definitely stop talking— I’m gonna stop talking, right now— Okay.”
“He’s… tall,” Casitel tries. “...His hair is longer than I’d expected from someone related to you.”
After shaving clumsily and inhaling half a box of crackers with a can of fruit, surprised by how
His limited knowledge means he can’t do much beyond clearing the Impala of dirt and surrounding weeds, but he does polish her exterior until it gleams, even spends many hours physically pushing the car out of the ditch it had been in and into the vehicle garage.
“You want to know what I am,” Castiel growls, and his voice is glorious, rough as gravel and so
“What.”
Castiel watches him for a long moment, fingers curled gently around the white napkin wrapped base of the cone.
He still doesn’t understand why Castiel refuses to shift. Dean had wrestled with the idea of Castiel being embarrassed about his other form multiple times, but.. Yeah, no, he still doesn’t understand.
“Oh, there’ll definitely be
Castiel doesn’t give Dean what he wants. Dean can beg all he wants and Castiel won’t give him a thing, because he likes Dean like this, loves when Dean forgets everything but
Dean is dying. He's holding his hands to the gaping wound in his side, his blood staining the dirt black, every breath he forces into his lungs an agonized wheeze. Dean is dying and Castiel doesn't have enough grace to keep anyone alive.
After a few glasses Dean dropped the rag he’s using to dry them. He can feel Cain’s eyes looking him up and down, resting on the Mark a few times.
His side hurts. Dean’s experienced almost every kind of earthy pain and hellish torture imaginable, yet the throbbing in his side is new. Cas says he’ll have to heal it gradually, or else. He didn’t say what “else” was, but Dean could guess from his tone it wasn’t good. So he continues walking down the hall as if there isn’t something very wrong, Castiel at his side. He knows it’s suspicious, but Dean doesn’t care. The pain in his side, and other places, hurts less when he’s by Castiel.
And then they both hear the sound of someone approaching.
He couldn’t have said it louder than a whisper, but the entire roadhouse goes silent. Dean stops cleaning a plate, before going at it with renewed vigor. This is his mind. Of course everyone squatting here can hear his thoughts. Billie only nods, still watching his hands. Her scythe seems to grow, looming over the bar now, casting a menacing shadow across Dean’s arm, highlighting the Mark of Cain’s scar. The stupid thing’s glowing. Damn, he hates being in his mind. It’s too vulnerable. All his scars shined like neon signs, pointing directly to all his failures.
“I don’t care. You are not going to the Empty and that is final.” Dean’s voice is firm and commanding. He has to stop himself before saying “that’s an order.” He has to stop himself before he becomes his dad. Miracle whines again, sensing the tension. She presses her cold, wet nose against Dean’s hand, sniffing the sigils before laying her head down on Jack. The kid looks away from Dean, instead focusing on the dog. Dean knows the move all too well. Sam used to do it, eyes full of hurt and anger, when he couldn’t hunt with John and Dean. He decides he doesn’t care. It’s safer this way, just like it was safer then. Of course, he doesn’t tell this to Jack, instead just letting the kid lean on him and pet Miracle.
Sam learned the hard way there can be too much of a good thing. For the past twelve years, he’s had to suffer through their lovey dovey wordless bullshit. Everytime one of them gets hurt, the other complains and vents to Sam. Everytime one of them does something annoying, the other complains and vents to Sam. Everytime one of them does something impressive, the other gushes to Sam. He loves Castiel, his best friend, his brother, his angel. But he would happily set the bunker on fire if it meant Cas would stop telling him about all the ways Dean brings him pleasure.
“I didn’t know that,” Jack mutters, looking at their hands. Dean nods, mostly to himself.
“That’s your first question? And I thought Cassie was borning.” His joke earns no reaction. “Well, I saw you were calling up friends, so I decided to join the party.” He looks directly at Garth before saying “You’ve already let one dog in.”
His head hurts. He needs to eject everyone from his head. They don’t belong, and he made a deal with Billie, although he’s not exactly sure how to honor it. Sam opens his mouth to say something, but Dean silences him.
Demon
“What are you?” Dean recognises the voice. A cool dread trickles down his spine as he turns to confront the figure speaking.
“Not a word,” Dean threatened, just as Sam started asking many, many words.
Stone not of Earth
“I don’t know!” He’s just as lost as his brother. There’s also a note of fear in his voice, borne of dread and confusion. They’d gotten past this. Yellow Eyes was dead. Sam doesn’t need to have creepy, psychic visions anymore.
“I don’t know.”
“I just became God. Let’s keep the world going for a little longer, hm?” Amara smiles. Billie snaps her fingers, hits the ground with her scythe, and the two are gone. The world unfreezes, and Dean gasps. Castiel touches his side, but Dean assures him it’s not the pain. Instead, he motions to the room again and…. It’s fuller than it used to be.
In hindsight, he should’ve been nicer to Ash. Ash was a roadie, sure, but he was smart. Ellen and Jo trusted him. He showered every day. If only he’d been more supportive. But hindsight was 20/20, and Sam hadn’t had time to process his older brother was bisexual before opening his mouth. Nothing could’ve prepared Sam for opening the door to Ash’s room and finding him *in flagrante* with Dean. He stood there, for a moment, holding terrible eye contact with Ash, before they both shouted. Sam slammed the door shut, ran into the Impala, and considered bleaching his eyes. A few minutes later, Dean entered through the driver’s side, wearing the same clothes as last night, albeit more wrinkled. They didn’t say anything for a while, and then spoke at once.
“I have things to do, Winchester,” she says, standing. Amara stands with her, holding her hand. “I’m making a few…. exceptions to my rules. Just this once,” she winks, and then leaves. Damn celestials. Dean stands, and offers his hand to Cas. The angel hesitates, before taking it. Jack hugs Dean, before running out of the room. No matter how old they look, they’re still only four. Castiel laughs.
“No! It’s not because someone’s gonna die and Cas wants it to be him-”
Naomi finishes her spell, leaving Gabriel on the floor, before beckoning Sam to sit again. Her smile is sinister, but professional.
“I go by many names,” Gabriel smirks, getting to his feet. “The trickster, Loki, Gabriel….” he trails off, letting the implications sink in. Donna shoots Dean an incredulous look. He only shrugs. She turns back at the archangel, sizing him up. He pointedly ignores her. “Anyhoo, I saw dear ol’ Dad was offin’ folks so I hid in the mountains for a little bit. Figured you and that gigantour brother of yours were behind it all. But now I need to find Castiel. Where is he?” Dean’s grip tightens on his pistol at Cas’ name. He swallows hard.
He doesn’t remember anything. He wanders. Maybe for a minute, maybe for a year, he wanders around, making noise, calling for others, being as loud as possible. Cas described his own grand escape as “annoying” the Empty into letting him out. If there’s something Dean “chronic older brother syndrome” Winchester could do, it’s annoy people.
“I can do it!” Jack protests.
“We’ll deal with it, ok. I’m getting a beer, you want one?” Sam rolls his eyes but nods. Dean tries not to think about whatever Sam’s gonna say when he gets back. His brother walks towards Eileen, joining her, Rowena, and Gabriel in a conversation.
When the pain subsides, Dean opens his eyes. He hasn’t realized he closed them. Actually, he’s not sure he’s opening them now. Everything’s dark. Not the black ooze he expected, or even seen in the Bunker that awful day. No, instead there is just nothing. The absence of light. Dean closes his eyes and opens them again, but there’s no difference.
“Then Claire was right,” Jody states, ominously. There’s more rustling on her end of the phone, before some distant shouting, and Jody’s voice comes through again. “We’re headed to you. Text Donna the directions?” Despite her tone, the Winchesters know it’s an order. Before anyone can ask why, and what the apparent rush is on her end, Jody speaks again.
“I saw you there.” Her voice is sharp as ever. Dean sighs. This means the spell would at least get him there, right? “But I also saw that *thing* there, too. The one that eats people alive.”
“Possess me.” He moves his hands to Castiel’s cheeks, cupping the soft, cold skin in his palms. Cas panics, ready to object, but Dean speaks over him. “I’m human, I can’t stay here. Anyone in my body also gets out.” Not everyone, Billie reminds him. He ignores her. “Possess me,” he urges again. Cas shakes his head.
“One left,” Dean smirks. He hears Cas recoil, but not step back.
“I am not your friend. Truthfully, I hate you. But I am telling you not to open the Empty because it will be the death of us all. You will not let Castiel and Dean out of the Empty, Sam Winchester.”
“I love you.”
“They’re not hurt- just resting. I won’t hurt any of your hunter friends,” she promises. Again, she snaps her fingers, and all the sounds Sam heard around the hallway stop. “We need to talk,” she begins, returning her hand to that clasped position against the table. “You are, unfortunately, the most reasonable Winchester.” Sam pales at that. Being known as a Winchester is always dangerous. His family doesn’t have a great reputation in any circle, and when people name check him, things only get worse. Instinctively, Sam leans back. He knows the bunker exits better than she would. Tightening his lips, he stands his ground.
“Just try and think about it,” Garth says, putting the last plate on the drying rack before leaving.
“So, miss ‘love sucks.’ What made you want to get married again?” The question is personal, maybe a little invasive, and certainly tactless. Of course, those words also describe Dean. Donna stops painting, the brush skidding to a halt along his ribs.
Sam Winchester is not homophobic. Or biphobic, or transphobic, or any of those other words he learned at college. He’s not. Honestly. He supports all people in their journey to find love, no matter who they find that in.
“Yes, I am,” Dean snaps, finally meeting her eyes. “I wish I never found you that day. I wish I hadn’t taken on the Mark. I wish I could take it all back, but I can’t, and I’m sorry.” His voice wavers, almost breaks, on that last admission. Dean doesn’t realize he’d raised his voice until he feels Sam’s worried gaze on his back. It’s not judgemental or condemning. Sam peers at his brother the way he always did, with big, round eyes trying to learn and emulate. Dean knows he’ll be hearing about this later, and is already drafting a few ways to shut Sam down. Dreadful as that prospect is, Amara’s gaze is worse. Because while Sam looks at Dean like he always had, Amara’s never glared at him before. She used to look at Dean with passion, their cosmic, unspeakable, insatiable bond drawing them together. Now, she’s lost, eyes clouded in thought. There’s an earnest longing to her, something that desperately yearns to lean in and consume Dean, but her jaw sets in barely restrained anger. For a moment the world goes silent. Dean’s trapped, like the subject of a painting, forced into an arbitrary, static position for eternity at the whim of a more powerful artist.
“And you… want that?”
The second time, it’s all Dean.
“Oh.”
The man walks slowly, as if unwilling to cut their time short. Obedient, Dean follows at his side, sitting down in front of the door.
“Dork,” Dean sighs fondly, leaning down to brush their lips together. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to.”
“Yeah? You like that?”
Dean doesn’t know if he would rather thank or curse his brother for the distraction as he pulls a clean shirt over his head and ruffles his fingers through his hair.
The late afternoon sunshine struggles to shine its light through the dense clouds, gray and heavy with the promise of rain; but the weather has already been moody for the past few days, despite the season. It’s the peak of summer and definitely shows in the stifling heat, the weak breeze just barely enough to disturb the leaves on trees. However, Dean already knows the clouds will not weep, for it is not the time. As he makes his way through the fifteen minute walk to his destination, Dean wonders when the skies will clear.
might mess around and write an extra chapter about Cas' first solo encounter with some Croats, idk
this.
The discovery of his immediate dislike for the feeling of hunger so intense it's practically pain nearly floors him.
Castiel’s perched on the edge of the mattress when Dean returns. He’s stiff with his uncertainty, nose flushed a soft pink, perking up like a lonely puppy as Dean approaches.
“Dean.” Castiel says his name with careful reverence, smiling softly.
“No, Cas.”
wrong
Without his permission, an affectionate huff tears itself from Dean’s lungs. His giant little brother is sloppily sprawled on the floor, long limbs loosely curved close to his body, blinking upward sleepily through his eyelashes. Sam’s hair glows a rich chocolate brown in the sunlight, contrasted and made brighter by smooth gleaming onyx beneath his shoulders.
He goes for it—
Castiel smiles. He looks carelessly casual standing there, with a dark jacket stretching over his broad shoulders and tight jeans clinging desperately to the strong swell of his thighs, like he isn’t stealing all the air from Dean’s lungs. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean’s not absolutely hopeless, so he does recognize a few as the more frequently used ingredients, simple ones essential to a large number of small scale spells or even as a base for more elaborate ones.
Tearing the taped key off, Sam gently sets the plant back down. He moves carefully, attempting to maintain a delicate balance between just-loud-enough-to-be-normal and silent, hoping he wouldn’t startle Castiel with any worries of a possible break in.
A beat of hesitation later, Dean stumbles up and away from the table; he knocks his knee against the sturdy wood hard enough to punch a low hiss of pain from his lungs, but he grits his teeth and soldiers on. If anything, he’s stubborn. The weight of Castiel’s gaze settles heavy but familiar at his back as he makes his way to the ice cream truck, resolutely not allowing himself to limp in the slightest despite the bruise he could already feel blooming on his kneecap.
[28.08.20]
When Dean looks back at Cas, his serene smile from seeing his family gathered around a fire eating smores like they had all the time in the world is wiped clean off his face faster than he could muster up a single thought. Castiel’s licking at some marshmallow sticking to his thumb, tentative and curious as a baby kitten and the logical part of Dean’s brain wants nothing more than to throw a napkin at his face.
killed
And then he
anything.”
“You woke ‘im up,” Sam mumbles, smiling lazily when a black tail twines halfway around his thigh, the very end flicking from side to side.
Brow furrowing gently, Castiel tilts his head a few degrees to the right (towards Dean’s left shoulder — not that Dean’s keeping track or anything, okay) as he considers the taste. After a pause long enough to make Dean nervous, Castiel’s constipated concentration expression smooths out and he licks his lips.
[12.08.20]
“Good,” Dean grumbles, and doesn’t let go of Castiel. He drags the pad of his thumb in idle runs along the bone of Castiel’s wrist, up and down and
Dean only — reluctantly — releases Castiel when he feels Castiel’s arms loosening, sitting back with a final pat to Castiel’s shoulder. “None of that
“Most people here are asswipes. And you don’t owe me squat, bein’ my familiar doesn’t mean I own you.” Dean worries at his bottom lip.
“I couldn’t…”
“Is Cas also out? I can—”
Misses.
supposed to happen
Castiel’s shedding the fake skin he had on for years, slowly but gradually. He’s becoming himself, and Dean’s losing the ground beneath his feet.
After placing the hardcover book of herbs Dean had been reading on the elevated seating area — just to make sure Dean couldn’t accidentally roll over onto it in his sleep — and fussing with the placement of all the pillows around them, Castiel throws the other comforter over himself. He curls up next to Dean, leaving a reasonable sized gap to account for any possible sleep movements, fluffs his pillow once, and goes to sleep hoping Dean wouldn’t be too disoriented waking up in the morning.
Dean doesn’t say a word, doesn’t hide the affection he knows is showing — clear as day — in his eyes.
[11.08.20]
Dean reaches up to push Castiel’s hair back, bestowing a light kiss to his forehead. He dislikes sappy stuff like this, but seeing Castiel’s resulting smile is more than worth it.
Something in him breaks as he finally takes the gun. He raises it to her head and his hand trembles so badly he distantly wonders if he could even shoot straight.
Dean’s anticipation has him strung tight as a bowstring, and he lingers in his hot shower as the pies cool in the kitchen, trying to calm himself so he doesn’t seem too eager. He dries himself quickly, shrugging on a casual long sleeved shirt and dark jeans, rolling up his sleeves to expose his forearms.
Yet, here they are, standing side by side in their modest bathroom, brushing their teeth.
Castiel glances up with wild eyes, hands sunk deep in the thick fur around the neck of the massive dog pinning him to the floor.
of the lock sends a shiver down Dean’s spine.
The past few days have been busier than ever, and while Dean is pleased with all the extra people walking through his door to buy baked goods, he’s exhausted. Only now does he let his practiced smile drop as he stretches out the sore muscles of his back and legs from a long day of standing, digging his fingers into tense areas with feeble hopes of relief.
Castiel bears Dean’s weight without any difficulties, walking smoothly to the bed and depositing Dean carefully on top of the sheets. Dean gapes up at Castiel, his brain properly fried by the display of strength, his jeans far too tight for how aroused he is. Almost concerned, Castiel kicks his shoes off, crawling towards Dean to kiss him once more.
It’s faint, as if someone’s speaking from a distance. But the words are clear.
Wings!
It takes Castiel’s frozen brain a long moment to reboot and come back online.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wants to feel it against his own — “enjoyable, yes.”
He drives out of Camp Chitaqua and doesn’t look back.
hell bent on causing destruction out of pure spite. Sam, for saying yes to Lucifer, for being weak and giving in, for abandoning Dean to a fate that would leave him broken for the rest of his life. Dean, for being a person Castiel never knew he needed, for becoming someone Castiel could barely recognize, for dying because he couldn’t kill Lucifer. But most of all, he’s angry at himself, for not being
Castiel hopes Sam and Dean are well.
Dean, who drags himself into Baby’s backseat after Castiel. Dean, who shoves at a yielding angel until he’s pushed up against the opposite door, body turned awkwardly towards Dean in the bench seat. Dean, who fumbles with the slacks Castiel’s wearing.
But someday.
The last word is punctuated by Gordon throwing the entire glass instead of just the water, but Castiel doesn’t flinch. It shatters next to his head, jagged pieces flying everywhere.
Sam buries his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck, smiling. “It’s okay.”
haha yet another witch/familiar AU I've gotten attached to... we're getting a timestamp for this one as well~
For now, Castiel bleeds every once in a while and clings to the voice in his head.
“Just wanted to visit; see you ‘n Cas, maybe stay over for the weekend…”
Dean doesn’t manage to say before he’s asleep.
(it’s a very manly chuckle, thank you very much), “don’t lick my face, that’s gross.”
On the floor — a few paces away from Sam — is a massive shadow with a long tail and four giant dinner plate paws, lying contentedly in a wide golden pool of sunlight. Sam is a rightfully nervous witness to one of the
Castiel opens his mouth, properly intent on telling Dean exactly what he thinks about the statement. What he actually says is: “...Alright.”
How is Dean’s little mind supposed to comprehend the magnitude of Castiel’s kindness? Those battle worn hands, they’ve constantly given, selflessly—
Sets.
“Must suck, doesn’t it, having such a
“Sleep well, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, the only blessing he is capable of bestowing.
[26.08.20]
Castiel doesn’t move. His eyes are patient, as if he’s waiting for Dean.
Why had he put it down in the first place?
Turning on Dean, the man abruptly releases Castiel. Dean has to dig his nails into his palms to force himself to remain standing; everything in him screams for him to fall to his knees and check on Castiel, who is coughing where he’s slumped down on the floor.
He doesn’t think he’d been the one to knock it a few inches away. Had he?
standing in a clear area in the center of the shop, its leaves a healthy green. Adorable lamp lights curl up and over the shelves, filling the shop with a warm glow, beautiful and vibrant as sunlight. Large labels decorate the side of the shelves, declaring the aisle’s contents in a legible but distinctly messy scrawl of handwriting. Dean can see plush beanbag chairs and more solid armchairs scattered about at the end of the shelves, with what seemed to be the same idea as the seats in footwear shops. (Only not for trying on shoes, of course. There are no shoes sold here.) Every tiny detail screams hours of thought put in for the comfort of customers, and although this is not a shop Dean would usually frequent, he knows he could spend hours happily wandering the place.
It’s hard to remember Donatello used to be a professor. Technically speaking, almost every hunter had a life before the supernatural world broke through, demanding to be dealt with. There are a few exceptions, namely the Banes Twins and the Winchesters. Dean wonders, not for the first time, what his life would be like without hunting. The djinn claimed he’d be a mechanic. Zachariah showed him a world where he was a salesman. He used to want to be a fireman. Sometimes Sam talks about retiring. He always sounds wistful, as if finishing his law degree was the plot of his favorite fantasy book. Dean rarely allows himself to dream like that. The last time he did, it was when Cas asked.
Dean moves as if he’s young again. Naomi gets to her feet, Castiel’s blade in hand, and Dean smirks. He’s not enjoying this, but he does appreciate a good fight. Sam always hated that about his brother. Naomi makes the first move this time, and Dean parries. He tries to stab her in the ribs. Naomi sees his blade coming and blocks with her other hand. They’re tangled now, arm in arm, blades dangerously close to hurting each other. Sam can’t hear them, but he knows they’re talking. Dean says something, and grins. Naomi reacts with disgust, pushing herself backwards and freeing both of them. Dean rolls his wounded shoulder and cracks his neck. Naomi lunges again, but Dean’s prepared. He kicks at her legs, knocking her off balance. In a swift movement, his elbow meets her chin and she falls. Dean looms over her body now, stepping on the hand still gripping Castiel’s angel blade. She releases it, yelling in agony. Sam hears bones crack. Dean drops to his knees, her angel blade held high above his head. Another flash of light.
“Heya, Dean,” Donna’s voice whispers. She has that knowing, warm smile on her face that Dean instinctively tries to hide from. Looking around, the hallway’s mostly empty: just Dean, Donna, and Miracle. He realizes Miracle moved, pressing up against his side, sleeping soundly. In his unguarded grief, Dean’s eyes brim with tears. Silently, he curses himself for being so emotional. “What’cha thinking about?” Donna asks, sitting next to him. Miracle hears her now, waking up and trotting over. Still smiling, Donna scratches Miracle’s eager face.
Dean wakes up in bed. Castiel’s arm is slung over his side, impossibly warm and heavy enough to keep him in place. The angel’s pressed into his back, chin resting on Dean’s shoulder. He’s sleeping. It’s enough to lull Dean back to sleep, all the thoughts swimming in his mind drifting away. When he wakes again, it’s to a soft tug as a hand pushes through his hair. It’s loving and gentle. Dean leans into the touch, moaning softly. His side still hurts, and he doesn’t know how long it’ll last. The pain begs him to stay in bed, warm and safe and comfortable. He’s got half a mind to listen to it, turning slightly so he could see the man tenderly playing with his hair. Cas smiles and moves closer.
“Hey Jody! You’re on speaker,” Sam warns, voice warm. It’s hard not to smile around Jody.
The weight of the truth hangs between them. He’s right, and they know it. Castiel can’t ask- won’t ask- Dean to stop that protective instinct which was drilled into him from Sam’s birth and reinforced every day since. His need to help others is in his DNA, but even that doesn’t describe it. It’s something Castiel pulled out of damnation, baked into Dean’s very soul, sticking with him through Hell, Heaven, Purgatory, the Empty, and everything else. Before he died, Castiel claimed everything Dean did was out of love. And he was right, but that didn’t make it any less heartbreaking. Because love isn’t something you can turn on and off. It’s an open sore that refuses treatment and burns with every breath. It’s a fire that consumes whatever’s in its path without remorse. It’s as powerful as gravity, essential to the universe and yet invisible and understated. It’s deadly and healing and a thousand other things. It’s what drew Castiel toward him in Hell, and kept pulling him closer and closer until he’s here, inches apart, looking in his eyes. So he won’t ask Dean to stop.
“I don’t think I want to hunt,” Dean sighs. “I mean, I do. I can’t stop- it’s all I’ve ever known. But, I’m so tired, Cas. I don’t want to die like this.” He adds all those qualifiers quickly, as if he’s afraid John will come through the door at any moment and berate him for neglecting his duty towards Sam. But that confrontation never happens. Instead, Cas squeezes Dean’s hand. He allows himself to think about a future outside of hunting, remembering all the human pleasures he experienced all those years ago. He wants to feel them again, with Dean and Jack and Sam by his side. He wants to grow old and watch bees and brush his teeth and get drunk and all the normal, annoying things humans do.
This perception would not hold up for long.
“You take control,” Dean relents. Cas almost stops the car in surprise. Dean continues. “I still want some control, you know. Let me at least know what’s happening out there, unlike-” The ground rumbles. This is Dean’s mind, of course the memory of Otherworld Michael would be more powerful here. Cas understands.
Dean smells Gabriel before he sees the bastard. After his violent confrontation with Loki, the archangel wasn’t leaning as heavily into the Trickster persona he’d used for millennia. Even so, he still munches on candy, the sickly sweet scents announcing his presence in Dean’s room. The hunter rolls his eyes. This is getting ridiculous.
“I’ll give you some time,” she excuses, gliding towards the roadhouse door. Her scythe remains. As soon as the door shuts behind her, three pairs of eyes fall on Dean. He can’t meet any of them. Instead, he keeps his head down. The glass in his dominant hand is clean, nearly spotless, but there are more that are still dirty. He wants to say something, mouth achingly dry. Silence reigns over the roadhouse, not even the sound of the rag against a glass breaking it. The lights flicker. Dean winces, his arm beginning to ache. On the outside, he knows his body’s been hit. He’s familiar with the pain, having been punched more times than he could count, but it still hurts. A warm wind rushes through the room, despite the windows and door being closed. Impossibly, it feels apologetic, and Dean knows it’s Cas. He’s manning the steering wheel for a vessel that isn’t his. Of course, Dean forgives him, the sentiment hanging in the air before he can verbalize it. Crowley sighs and rolls his eyes. Right. They’re all in his head- they can hear him. He can’t wait until they leave.
“Are you sure?” He asks, voice soft. Dean nods, and then says something he would never admit to anyone else.
“Don’t you want to stop? Or even just pause?” Sam argues. He steps into the room, hands shoved into his jeans’ pockets. “Take a break? We’ve earned it, Dean.” Sam used to talk about retiring. He wanted to settle down, maybe go back to school, say those famous last words “one last hunt” and be done with the supernatural. Dean wasn’t sure when he changed, but he did. Now he only talks about pausing, taking some time off, always inevitably returning to hunting. Dean doesn’t know how to feel about that. After fighting for so long to get his family back together, it feels good and reassuring to have Sam so committed. Selfishly, he enjoys knowing his brother’s out with him, dedicated the way he is. But it also stings. Sammy had fought so hard to get out. He spent his entire childhood as a whiny brat, always the contrarian to whatever their shitty dad wanted. It’s part of who Sam was. Dean had accepted his role; he was the brave, stupid hunter. Strong and useless. Sam is so much more, though. He has wit and potential, strength and smarts that always keep him alive. Dean hopes that fighting spirit in his brother hasn’t died, slitting its wrists at the realization that they could never stop hunting. Dean’s certainly had. He was only 16 when it happened, but he remembers the moment like it was yesterday. John claps him on the back, laughing as the werewolf dies and slow and painful death. It wasn’t that Dean accepted his life. He realized he was trapped, and gave up waiting for rescue.
The room’s silent. Each person sits alone, processing something different. Jack is positively electric, this news inspiring their seemingly endless hope. Sam’s exhausted, a few different kinds of fear and dread all weighing on his shoulders. Dean feels…. He’s not sure there’s a word for it. Excitement at Cas’ name. Concern for his brother’s visions. Dread, knowing Cas is wherever a prince of hell and the scribe of god were eaten alive. Relaxed, in his family’s presence. Guilty, over Amara’s words. Guilty, over his failure to stop Chuck sooner. Guilty, over Cas’ death. Guilty, because he couldn’t protect Sam from having premonitions again. Guilty that he couldn’t even stomach a beer. Guilty, because he’d let his father down. Guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty.
“You don’t have to live like that anymore,” Dean pleads. “We’re done now. You can have a life again.”
“Angel business.” Gabriel’s tone turns condescending.
“Last time I tried, you killed me. I don’t make mistakes twice.”
“Tell him what you told me,” Jack prompts again, voice firmer. They have a small grin on their face, confidence shining through. Dean can’t look for too long. It’s the spitting image of Castiel’s shit-eating, cocky grin. Sam can stomach it, not as bothered by Cas’ death, and warily meets his kid’s eyes before sighing and finally spitting it out.
“Don’t tell Sam. Look out for your brother. Save him, and if you can’t- kill him.”
And then Sam screams.
“It’s almost like chemistry,” he explains, carefully weighing a few ingredients. “There’s magical value in things. That value changes depending on what it is, but a smart witch can manipulate it enough to get what he wants.” Sam’s still confused, but wisely decides not to press his luck. He does as he’s told, finding and mixing magical items even the Men of Letters found mysterious.
“Are you ok?” Dean asks, searching his brother for anything. If memory serves, and that’s a big if considering it was maybe sixteen years ago, these demonic premonitions were accompanied by the monstrous mother of all migraines. Sam nods his head pathetically.
Alone again. Dean looks down at his arms, covered in sigils he’s sure he’s seen before, and tries to forget when they first came up with this idea.
“We should be alone,” she resolves. Sam’s never heard the woman, but he knows the tone- condescending. The woman strides forward. With a quick movement, she snaps her fingers and Eileen and Donna fall to the floor. Sam’s grip on the gun tightens.
Cas, somehow, out did him. The guy didn’t sleep, didn’t eat, and didn’t ask for much. He was an angel, devoted and heavenly. Cas spent his time with Jack, or with nature, or with the other Winchesters, and that was enough.  He was a hunter, reluctantly learning how to use guns just as well as his own angel blade. A long time ago he’d been prideful, but half a dozen deaths and indescribable torture forced that out of him. When the Empty attacked heaven, he pacified it with his own self sacrifice. But the fucker was still selfish. He still gave up his life, knowing the Winchesters would have to live without him. Even worse, he did it twice. Because when he died, he saved Jack and Dean. Cas finally admitted his selfish ways.
Anyone who knew him would say he’s a great ally. That’s not entirely true, since he doesn’t really identify as male, but there’s a whole other story. The thing that’s important is, he encourages his friends to find love. He’ll talk for hours with Charlie about other girls, he offered nothing less than total support when Jack changed their pronouns, and he doesn’t care when two men hold hands. He’s a good friend, and a good ally.
“Sam!” Still not Dean’s voice, but it is Dean’s body. Sam barely has time to get off the table before Dean’s arms wrap around him, again not caring about his stab wound. The pain seems to be selective. Dean pulls out of the hug after a long moment, gripping his brother’s shoulders and looking at his bloody face. It’s not the way Dean usually looks at him after this kinda thing happens. There’s no malice, no curse for whoever lay a finger on him. Instead, there’s something guilty and old behind his green eyes. It’s familiar, but not quite Dean.
He can think of a few reasons. They’re only half truths. Billie’s in his brain, maybe limiting what he can think about. Or maybe he hasn’t fully gotten over all the stigma and hate John threw at him, still hesitant to think about a man he loves. Maybe he can’t think about Castiel because he’s only ever seen the guy in a vessel, not his true form. All of that could be true, but it’s not the main reason.
Donna proposes. Sam struggles through a translation for Eileen, who can’t read the hunter’s lips across the room. The whole room cheers as Jody accepts. Claire instantly demands the group keep celebrating, finally having a good reason to break out the Good Stuff. No one disagrees.
Alex yawned, and asked to go to bed early. She did most of the driving that day. Sam showed her to a room, letting Kaia and Patience also go to sleep. It wasn’t late, but if the wayward sisters’ experience was anything like the Winchesters’, they’d be tired. Dean managed to talk Jack into hitting the hay early, promising to fill the kid in on any more details they discovered. Dean closed Jack’s bedroom door, heart pounding. He blinked back tears, trying to forget how much Jack’s enthusiasm paralleled Castiel’s. It wasn’t just his spirit. Dean found it hard to even think about Jack anymore, memories of Cas overwhelming him. Their walk, their eyes, their voice, their smile, the way they poured cereal in the morning, everything about Jack reminded Dean of Cas. Specifically, it reminded him of how Cas was gone.
Sighing, Dean closes his eyes and focuses. He’s no stranger to possession. His time as a vampire, demon, and Michael’s meatsuit made him intimately familiar with the recesses of his own mind, having been forced there so many times. He knows where he can go to be alone. When he opens his eyes again, the roadhouse is empty. All but Billie’s scythe have cleared out. He can’t even feel Cas.
Does it count as a “nightmare” if it’s real? Sam’s not sure. He doesn’t dwell on it anymore. Over a decade ago, Azazel plagued him with prophetic headaches, but not every one of them was real. Almost every night Sam wakes up in a cold sweat, seeing some old enemy of his trapped in whatever thing was the background of all his recent dreams. Normal nightmares don’t worry him anymore.
He’s not doing too great himself. Castiel was his best friend. Sam had gotten used to seeing the angel in the bunker, a tired smile always pulling at his vessel’s lips. His absence physically hurts. But this isn’t the first time Sam’s has to wrestle with grief. He tries his best to move forward, using long morning runs to work out his anger when Jack can’t see.
“He had a premonition!” Jack blurts out. Dean blinks. He’s caught between looking from Sam to Jack, positive this is a dream.
Castiel’s betrayed him twice now. Once due to his own mistakes, and the second time due to mind control. Maybe that time in the crypt shouldn’t count, but he did beat the shit out of Dean. Despite both times, he trusted Castiel completely. They’d been through too much together. The choice is easy.
“He’s around,” Sam lies. The woman nods knowingly.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep. I’m not happy now, but I’m better. I just wanted to wish you luck before you left.” Dean nods, barely managing to scrape out a “thank you” before the kid flickers and disappears.
“You lied to me,” Amara repeats in a hushed voice. This argument isn’t something the others need to hear. It’s just between her and the man her essence is accidentally tied to. Idly, Dean itches the scar on his arm, trying to relieve the burning sensation. He nods, unable to look her in the eyes.
Humans aren’t meant for interdimensional travel. Not many things are, but humans are particularly fragile. Dean collapses into Castiel’s arms, exhausted. Cas squeezes him tightly, breathing softly into the hunter’s brown hair. Dean leans in, hands gripping at the trench coat. It feels real, threadbare and warm just like he remembered. His cheek presses harder against Cas, concentrating on his angel’s heartbeat. It’s strong and sturdy and Cas’ chest feels like the safest place in the world. Right as he falls asleep, Dean sighs, finally reunited with Castiel.
He has more questions, but Dean interrupts him. The final “ingredient” of the spell showed up. Sam tries to ignore Amara following, hand in hand with his brother. The warding on the bunker must be broken. He adds it to his mental “to-do” list. It can wait: there’s a very powerful, very experimental, ritual first.
Amara and Billie appear at their side, and Billie smiles.
“Can I talk to you alone?”
“I’ve been there before. I’m strong” Jack protests. They huff a little, pouting with those baby cheeks. Dean opens his eyes closed. Jack’s not wrong: they are strong. Stronger than any other Winchester, stronger than any other angel, stronger than any other celestial being. Stronger than any child should have to be.
“Dean? Are you alright?” Cas’ voice is laced with concern. He steps forward, and Dean can feel how close the angel is. He nods, the pain already fading. His head rings as multiple things try to talk over each other, but none of them are louder than overworld Michael was. He can handle this.
“You’re just crazy enough to make it work,” Benny huffs. When they part, the world seems a little brighter.
Except for when it came to dates. Dawning horror creeps up Sam’s spine as Dean continues talking, something distant in his eyes. The description is too barebones to really identify whatever creature Lee was using, but it was dangerous. Enough so to leave a trail of bodies. Enough to nearly kill Dean himself. Sam nods his head sympathetically when his brother stops the story abruptly.
Rowena’s first. She offers to help get the ones on his back.
“Where are we?” Dean asks, trying to bring himself back to the present. This was too happy to be a dream, but too immaterial to be a djinn vision. He can’t think what else it could be. The mere effort makes his head throb in protest, and radio static fuzzed the song that plays. Cas jumps, pulling the car off to the side of the road. He’s quiet, looking Dean up and down with those big, blue, doe eyes.
“I think Sam needs some help in the war room,” they excuse, beginning to leave.
“You feel it too, huh?” Dean asked, dryly. He couldn’t stop feeling it. They were right where Cas died, staring at the place where the Empty broke through to kill him. Claire nodded, pulling her hand away. “Why’d you want to talk alone?” Dean asked, unsure why Jody or Donna couldn’t be here. He was beginning to second guess showing Claire the place her other father died, when she spoke up.
“We needed you to come,” he explains, still not meeting her eyes. “Without your help, we couldn’t have beaten Chuck.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“There’s no time,” Dean urges, returning his attention to Castiel. He steps forward, getting even closer. Unable to see, he slides a hand around Cas’ waist, pulling them chest to chest. “You have to,” he pleads.
Dean can’t sleep that night. He certainly tries, but his traitorous body is too restless and jittery. After decades of fighting monsters and hunting, seeing one man makes him *jittery*. Pathetic. Around six in the morning, he gives up on the hope of sleeping, and starts to wander the bunker. The ritual will happen in the dungeon, where Cas was last on Earth. As long as he avoids that room, Dean’ll be fine. He lingers in the kitchen, feeding Miracle some cold, next-day pizza and collecting his thoughts over coffee. Aimlessly he peruses the library shelves, finding a truly astonishing amount of research on subjects no one cares about. Shameful as it is, when others start waking up, Dean evades them, pacing in unused storage rooms. Eventually he makes his debut, lying about his insomniac activities with a big, fake smile.
Salt from the Dead Sea (7 mg)
“I gotta take care of this,” Dean excuses, nodding towards the kitchen, “but I’ll join you out there soon. Don’t-” He doesn't know how to say this. “Uh. Keep an eye on Crowley, please?” Benny nods, and Dean wonders if he made the right choice not telling Sam about who exactly he let out besides Castiel.
Dean’s sure he’s dreaming. It’s a painful one, but that’s not new. In hell, even being unconscious hurt. This has to be something similar. Because he’s looking right in Special Agent Victor Hendrickson’s eyes. Hendrickson, who’s been dead (dead, salted and burned *dead*) for over ten years.
“Your warding could use some work,” she criticizes. It’s a fair response, simple and honest. Much more than Dean deserves. He swallows, feeling every agonizing second tick by. Finally he turns around, looking into her eyes.
“Where’re you going?” He blurts out. Maybe the Mark asks it, but Dean’s not able to stop himself in time. He waits with baited breath, hoping despite himself for an answer. Amara shouldn’t answer him, after the way he’s treated her. He knows it, and feels the hesitation on her end, their bond already strained.
Dean gets to his feet, angel blade in hand. His eyes flare with a pale, green fire that Sam fears. Last time he saw it, Dean killed the entire Styne Family, fueled by nothing but primordial, cosmic rage. It burns in him now, and he doesn’t waste a second. Naomi doesn’t have time to think. He’s already lunged, nicking her arm. Light bleeds from the spot. Naomi grimaces. Dean doesn’t care. He swings again, but Naomi barely dodges. Sam knows his brother’s a talented fighter but he’s scared Naomi’s better. She’s eons older, and more trained. She doesn’t have a stab wound in her shoulder. She didn’t just spend half an hour in the Empty.
“We’re gonna save Castiel.”
“Where’s your brother?” the woman asks after a moment of silence. She pointedly looks around, before staring down Sam again. He shrugs. Last time he saw Dean was only a few minutes ago, but-
“C’mon dude, we’re all alone,” Dean responds. Cas sighs before answering.
“Me too.” He can’t say it. Won’t say it. There’s still the chance that things could go wrong, that Cas could be ripped from his arms again and it would all end too soon. Winchesters don’t get to win. As long as he doesn’t say that four letter word, he can keep Castiel safe. That’s all he wants now. After having lived in a world where Cas was dead and gone so many times, he doesn’t think he can survive it again. Cas tilts his head and Dean’s on him in an instant.
“If the fae find out I’m alive, they’ll kill us both,” Max cryptically confesses. He paintes a few more symbols, leaving the more intimate sections of Dean’s thighs alone, before leaving.
“You’re not my type,” she excuses. He better not be, Dean retorts, disgusted with their age difference and thinking about how angry Claire would be. Kaia sits on Dean’s bed, shifting her feet idly. “Where you’re going… it’s not good. I couldn’t see much, but what I saw was scary.” She shudders at the memory. As cool as dreamwalking could be, Kaia’s apparently cursed to only dreamwalk to nightmarish otherworlds.
No answer. He’s been interrogated before. Hell, his whole life was an interrogation: Proving he’s good enough to be a hunter for his father. Proving he was normal enough to go to college. Proving he was good enough to save Dean. Proving he wasn’t the vessel of Satan like everyone insisted he was. He’s been on both sides of the table, both interrogator and interrogatee. The most damning thing a suspect can do is answer. Any answer is good enough to work with. So he remains quiet.
“Oh,” Dean breathes. “You weren’t kidding about being fully healed,” he jokes. The music fuzzes again as he realizes the implications of what he just said. Cas’ eyes widen and he focuses on his lap again. They can’t look at each other, and Dean choses to stare straight ahead. The rain thumping against the car is almost melodic.
Confidently, the woman smiles, walks back towards the table, and pulls a seat out. Motioning to one of the other chairs, she sits and clasps her hands in front of her. Sam briefly remembers talking to his college professors. They’d always be sitting behind their desk, imposing and threatening without even moving. Sam shakes his head, still standing. He won’t play this game. His fingers are tight around the gun, even though it’s resting at his side. Around the hallway, he hears the sounds of more hunters coming. Footsteps and ammo mix into a soft clacking that Sam suspects the sitting woman can also hear. For a moment, the two regard each other cooly.
“Anyways, it’s handled now,” Dean says, before finishing off his beer. Silence hangs in the air, telling Sam all he needs to know. Lee was a friend, a hunter, a good person, and he’s dead now. Dean looked him in the eyes as he killed him, a pain Sam’s all too familiar with.
“I let more than just Cas out.” Sam nods. When Dean says it like that, it almost doesn’t sound like a problem. He can tell himself he made the right decision, as long as he doesn’t think about whatever else he let out. But Sam looks concerned.
His arm burns, snapping Dean back to the present moment. Still looking down, he watches the sigil that’d been painted over the Mark of Cain peel off and fall to the floor. Cursing under his breath, Dean reaches for the paintbrush, ready to redo it, but pauses. A deep, yearning sensation floods his body.
“What did you do?” he hisses, right as Cas asks for his help. Making sure the other freeloaders in his mind are locked away, Dean nods. He’s ready to take over his body again.
He’s done making demon deals to save the world.
He tries to pull himself together. He has to be strong. He wants to be there for Sam. He needs to be. He can’t think anymore.
“You’re nervous,” Garth comments. He doesn’t look up from the sink, just continues cleaning plates. Dean doesn’t say anything in response. Whatever he’s feeling isn’t Garth’s business. “I can hear your heartbeat,” Garth cooes. “You’ve been nervous all week. Have you thought about what you’re gonna say?” Dean sets down the extra slices of pizza he was putting away. Of course he thinks about it. All he could do is think about Cas. About finally seeing him again, or reaching out to him, or just being near him. His mind is still filled with Cas’ last words. They play over and over in his head when he tries to sleep. But Garth’s right. None of that is thinking about what he’ll actually say to Castiel.
Angel
Jody’s call couldn’t have come at a more perfect time. Sam’s premonitions had ended just as quickly as they’d restarted, Jack was running out of books to scour, and Dean’s wandering was getting out of hand. Miracle spends time with each of them, offering whatever moral support a tired puppy could. But when Sam’s phone rings, the four gather in record time, desperate for a distraction.
“It’s not fair,” Jack finally admits, resting against Dean. The hunter laces his hands through the kid’s hair, marveling at how soft it is. After all the shit they’ve been through, it’s hard to remember that Jack is just a kid, still somehow soft and optimistic. Dean wants to protect that, protect them, so badly. It’s a weight in his chest he’s all too familiar with: he’s felt it for Sam his whole life.
“You’re up early,” Dean grunts, hating how bright the lights are. Jack, somehow an optimist, doesn’t seem to mind, but Sam looks awful. His eyes are still adjusting to the harsh light, hair messily falling in his face. There’re dark bags etched into his skin, and he seems off. It catches Dean’s attention instantly. Finally, something to focus on, maybe plaster over the hole in his heart that yearns for Cas. “You look like shit,” he prompts, narrowing his eyes at Sam. Sam only nods, resting his head in his hands. He’s clearly tired.
“Did everyone come back, or did I dream that?” Dean realizes he asked the question instead of thinking it too late. Cas laughs that modest chuckle that makes Dean feel safe. The angel shakes his head.
“Where.” He asks it too seriously to be a question, and scans the void beyond Cas’ beautiful face for any signs of danger. All he sees is darkness. Castiel shakes his head. He doesn’t know either. Dean bites his lip. He doesn’t like the circumstances, but they aren’t entirely hopeless. “Ok,” he mutters, making a decision.
“Angels heal through love,” Cas blurts out. Dean leans back, surprised. “I haven’t been inside your head before, not really, but I know you. I know you don’t want to say you love me, but I’m almost completely healed, and so is everyone else in here-”
Briefly, Dean considers lying. He’s been doing it for so long now- since Cas left, since Dad left, since he was born. But something about Donna and Miracle, or maybe the still, indifferent air of the hallway, makes him reconsider. Donna’s nice. She’s a skilled hunter, a great friend, and the only thing keeping Jody going sometimes. Her kindness is an active decision, made every morning. She choses to overcome the hate and evil in the world with a bright grin and goofy jokes. Jack does the same, but their choice is more naive. Age isn’t wearing Donna down, but it certainly does show in her hunched shoulders and deep frown lines. Sighing, Dean makes his decision. He can’t lie to her.
Demon
Sam is 0 for 3 in terms of being a supportive brother. He promises himself he’ll at least try to get along with the next guy Dean brings home. And he did try. For three seconds.
“Ow,” Eileen mutters from her place on the floor. She’s already getting up, waking Donna and rubbing at her eyes. “What happened?” she asks, cocking her head to the side. Sam can’t help but smile. Human sounds float on the air as more friends wake up. Sam looks at Dean- no, Cas- again.
Dean was silent for the entire drive home, and continued not speaking to Sam when they ate dinner with Bobby. And the next day he kept it up, only talking to Sam about a possible case. Sam knew he fucked up, and tried to make it better. It’s hard to get past Dean’s walls, but Sammy Winchester excelled at it. He drove to the Roadhouse, and valiantly put up with how Ash mercilessly flirted with Dean, determined to finish what Sam had interrupted.
“That’s not the point,” Dean refutes, swallowing back his emotions. While it was easy for Dean to excuse Jack’s age when Chuck was a looming threat, this last month reinforced just how young the kid is. There’s a bright innocence behind their eyes that Dean remembers crushing in Sam. He sees it when Jack wants to play a board game as a family, draw in their room, or read with Sam. It’s the smallest moments, the ones Cas should be here for, that hurt the most. Jack discovered their favorite color (blue) and lost a tooth and decided they didn’t like carrots and a thousand other meaningless things that made them human. Castiel missed all of it.
“No,” he responds. It’s the same stubborn voice Claire used. Dean tries to think of a comeback (thinking is harder now that there are multiple entities in his body, their thoughts and memories all folded into his), but it’s interrupted. Distantly, something roars. Cas stiffens, his coat rustling slightly. They both recognize the sound.
The very next day, Sam came up with the idea to summon the Empty. Rowena told him the only way to build a convincingly dead celestial was to put it in someone who’d been touched by a celestial. Dean wouldn’t let any of his family take on the burden, reading Rowena’s posture. This was going to be dangerous. He wouldn’t let anyone else risk it.
“Nah, you’re just as pretty as usual. In fact, this might be an upgrade.” Claire stands up, moving towards the door. “I’m leaving tomorrow. I should go pack,” she excuses, leaving.
“I’m happy for you, man.” And for the first time in months, it’s not a lie.
“If we’re in my mind, why does everything hurt,” Dean complains. Cas looks down at his own lap, taking his hand off Dean’s shoulder. He remains quiet, even when Dean looks over. “Buddy? Can you hear me?” he prods, leaning forward. Cas seems like he’s in pain, too.
“Crowley, Benny, a few others. It’s nothing to worry about. Neither is this.” He points to where the ooze bleeds from his eyes. Dean tries to interject, but Cas continues. “And, I know what’s hunting us: a leviathan.”
“That’s good, Dean. You’re going to need more rest, but your body should be moving.” Oh, right. He’ll have to tell everyone in the Bunker what happened. The thought is daunting. “If you’re not ready, we can stay here. Right now, you’re asleep on the dungeon floor.” Dean thinks over his options. He’s not ready to rejoin the world of the living, but he can’t just stay passed out on the ground. Sam and Jack need him. Dean stares at Cas.
“*You* didn’t.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Yes, I will.” She pulls Donna up off the ground and into a warm kiss, as the library cheers. Claire, ever the opportunist, demands they all celebrate. A few more rounds of beer are scrounged up (breaking into Dean’s Not So Secret Stash) and the party continues well into the night. Hours later, people start to depart for bed. Donna and Jody are first, although no one thinks they’re going to sleep. Rowena and Gabe abscond with Sam and Eileen, all opting to share one room that night (Dean pushes thoughts of his brother’s past, failed hookups out of his mind). The twins leave at the same time as the Trans. Kevin and Linda are staying for the ritual tomorrow, but then Linda has a business meeting to get to. The rest of the girls (and Jack) eventually sneak out, leaving just Dean, Garth, and Miracle to clean up.
Sam’s demon blood hasn’t acted up in years. To be honest, he’d assumed confessing before a priest and “curing” Crowley of his demon-ness had purified him. Or maybe the trials to close hell had, who knows? Either way, his sordid blood hadn’t been an issue, or even a factor in his life for a decade. But it boiled in his veins now, enraged at Naomi. Her very presence was insulting, her angelic arrogance rattling his mind. Just another thing he could think about later. Instead, he ignores the primal reaction, somehow appearing calm despite the loathing that thrives beneath it.
“You break into my house, attack my friends, and want to sit and chat? I don’t think so.” The woman smiles fondly.
“Ok, what are you doing here? Now, of all times?” Sam asks, resisting the urge to put his face in his hands. Dean’s a better interrogator, but Sam knows the basics. Don’t show the perp their antics are working on you, even if they are.
yeah i know the POV switches in the last section just ignore that shhhhhh
“Jody Mills,” Donna starts, taking her girlfriend’s hands into her own. “Ever since I first met you, my life changed.” She laughs at that, as does Sam. Being told that vampires are real and then being attacked by them is certainly a life changing event. His hands are dancing, sloppily translating Donna’s speech for Eileen. “I can’t say it’s all been for the better, but I do know that I’m better, because of you.” Her voice wavers, and her hands tremble, but Donna still bends down on one knee. Several party goers gasp. “Jodio, would you make me the happiest woman alive, and marry me?” The room is still, waiting for Jody’s answer. She smiles, blinks a few times, and then nods.
Then came Castiel. Their relationship was more…. Complicated. Dean was so used to protecting Sam and he earnestly wanted to return the favor. But how the fuck do you protect your brother when he’s insistent on making out with the thousand eyed, multi winged, sword wielding, non human, thing that can break glass with its voice and possess people. There were extenuating circumstances, too. Ruby didn’t trust Castiel, for what seemed like valid reasons. While Dean didn’t trust Ruby, Sam defended his own partnership with her (the evil you know versus the evil you don’t, and all that). But when the apocalypse started, and Castiel proved him loyalty to humanity, Sam changed.
“You can. But I’m human, which means I’m not staying here. You’re a reaper- you’ll stay here for as long as forever.” Billie clenches her jaw in thought. Dean’s offer isn’t asking much, but trusting Winchesters always gets someone killed.
She moves to strike. Dean’s eyes flare. Sam’s blinded for a moment. He regains his sight slowly. Blinking, he can finally move his body. Naomi’s on her back, across the room on the floor. Dean’s pushed her off, and is pulling the blade out of her shoulder. Sam blinks again. His head is swimming.
He refuses to be hurt again.
Ignoring the dog’s pleas, Dean shuffles towards the fridge and grabs a beer. It’s the only thing he could stomach. His body aches in a familiar way, the ghost of a hundred hungry, haunting nights heavy on his bones, but he feels too sick to eat. Dean’s not even sure he could keep the beer down, as refreshing as it would be. At least if he throws that up, there’d be an excuse. Dean knows the hazards of drinking too much, yet he flirts with alcoholism anyways, determined to die hunting before his liver can get the better of him.
“Amara?” he asks, not daring to turn around. She exhales in response. Dean guesses she’s on the other side of the bed, not distant, but disappointingly far. “How’d you get in?” His hunting instincts take over before he can think about what he wants to say.
“Unless you want to,” he offers with a playful smile. Claire laughs and shakes her head, walking into the room. She pulls Dean into a hug, pressing a shaky breath against his chest. Gently, he runs a hand through her hair, rocking her a few times.
Max Banes isn’t as proficient as his sister when it comes to spellwork, but he’s good enough to teach Sam.
“Meaning?” Donna snaps. Gabe glowers at her, but he’s not stupid. He reads the room, eyes barely glancing over the others, recognising the different reactions they all had to mentioning Castiel. They settle on Sam, chest puffed out and larger than life, projecting strength while Dean wilts behind him. Something flashes behind his brown eyes, a moment of softness overcoming his arrogant aurora before being buried again. He looks back to Donna and smiles.
“Jack.” It’s not a request coming from her. Dean’s heard this voice before. It’s Amara’s “smartest person in the room” voice, where she holds all the answers and Dean is desperately ignorant. A part of him begs to know, but he dreads it. Winchesters don’t get to win. Jack looks up, smiling, arms still squeezing Castiel. They lock eyes with Billie, and wordlessly come to an understanding. Dean wants to think about what that could mean, but Benny’s pulling on his arm. Crowley’s already sneaking off, probably to join the group in the war room. Dean wants to follow, but Amara’s presence is too intoxicating to leave, and Benny’s already asking him questions.
“My dream last night. I didn’t- Um, I didn’t *see* Castiel, but I felt him. I thought I was drowning at first,” she laughed, failing to ease the tension in the room. “But it was him. He knows something’s after him. It’s killing others and it’s gonna get him too and-” Claire’s voice broke. Dean was already hugging her, stiffening when Claire pressed her whole body into his. “I know what we have to do,” she sobbed, unable to stop the tears anymore. “But it means losing someone.”
Sam, Eileen, and Donna work together like a well oiled machine. Sam takes the lead, knowing the terrain better. Eileen’s eyes dart back and forth. Her sight is almost supernaturally impressive, far better than any other hunter Sam knows. Donna covers the back, calm but confident stance ready to protect her friends. They’ve never done this together. Slowly, they approach the hallway. The alarm stops. Sam’s heart beats in his ears. The flashing lights are brighter than he remembers. Eileen’s hand is cold against his arm. The walls are the wrong color. His ears ring. Donna stops moving. She looks over her shoulder. Eileen’s eyes are imploring. Around the corner is the war room. The bunker’s quiet. Sam takes a deep breath. And then turns the corner.
It’s morning and Castiel isn’t here. He has this thought everyday, but it hurts all the same. Castiel’s dead. Sam didn’t even get to see his best friend in his last, triumphant moment. Instead, he gets a front row seat to how Castiel’s death is ripping his family apart. That’s all supposed to change, right? The ritual is today. No doubt Dean didn’t sleep at all, but Sam won’t press him. He’s got too much on his mind.
“Can you get Claire and Kaia?” she asks, shaking out her hands. Her eyes dart around nervously, and she barely raises her voice above a whisper. “And wish me luck?” Dean nods, not even trying to hide the smile on his face.
He knows he shouldn’t look up, but Dean Winchester is a glutton for punishment, and can’t help himself. It’s a shy gesture, barely locking eyes with everyone in the roadhouse. They’re not looking at him anymore, but they’re not *not* looking. Instead, they’re in poses, pretending like they’re not eavesdropping. Dean knows the posture well, he’s done it enough himself. There’s a kind of stiffness in the neck, muscles forced to both relax and tense up. He looks back down at his hands. The plate’s clean, but there's more to clean. There’s always more.
He’s not the only one. Raphael, Missouri Mosley, Charlie Bradbury, Bobby Singer, Rufus Turner, Uriel, Meg, Jake Talley, Ellen and Jo Harvelle, and Arthur Ketch are all in the bunker, alive and unharmed and Dean’s sure he’s dreaming. Or still in the Empty.
“There’s other ways. Jack took Chuck’s power, they can help. Or Amara- she’s Chuck’s sister! They’re both stronger than Gabriel, and more willing.” Sam has to stop himself before he pleads. The ghost of John’s voice rings in his ears- never show weakness. Naomi shakes her head sadly.
At least Sam was there for the main four. He could keep an eye on Dean, make sure his apparently monster catnip brother didn’t get in too deep with the nonhumans he insisted on fucking. And he knows that Dean isn’t great at commitment. He and Castiel are apparently fine with it, as they’ve both had partners outside of each other. Sam doesn’t understand, but he’ll always be supportive.
“I didn’t summon a God,” she corrects. “I asked a different hunter to talk to some Skogkatts and they told me.” Donna leans over, dipping the brush in more “paint.” She also glances at Dean who looked puzzled. “Skogkatts! They’re a big, fluffy kinda’ cat. Frejya’s got two herself. We got quite a few up in the cabins. Nice fellows, those cats.”
Nothing happens. Billie chastises him, telling Dean the spell he needs to recite to actually push them out. He hesitates, unsure of what the words mean. Cas assures him they’re fine, but Dean’s still nervous. This wouldn’t be the first time he’d been played. Hell, that was consistent part of his life. It’s easier to count those who didn’t betray him than those who did. But Cas is whispering something soothing in his ears and Dean mutters the spell, stupidly hoping if he says it quiet enough it’ll take the bite out of whatever evil thing he summons.
“Think bigger, Samuel. Michael- not ours- that other world’s. The one who allied with monsters and made them stronger. The one who possessed your brother for months, torturing him worse than Hell ever could. Cain, who tried to commit genocide before you finally killed him. He’s the Father of Murder- don’t let him back into the world.” She’s attacking his family now. Another mistake. Again, they’ve dealt with those monsters before, and they’ll deal with them again.
“Why don’t you tell him that when we get him back?” Donna nudges. The spell’s almost ready. They’ll need about half a day (for the seeds to cool down) and Dean. He shakes his head.
“I take it you’ve never been to the Empty before. Here’s some advice: it’s a bitch.” Dean pretends like he’s not listening, but his ears are burning. “It hurts on levels you don’t even know you have. And worst of all, it can shape shift. If you don’t know what you’re doing, you’ll never get back out.”
13 oz Yarrow root (ground, not chopped)
Sam’s instantly on his feet. Their last meeting with Gabriel was…. Was it real? He’s seen the archangel die so many times. Nonetheless, he’s surprised. Did Gabe miss all the struggle and death in Apocalypseworld? What’s he been doing for the past two years? How had none of the Winchesters noticed? Seemingly reading his mind, the archangel locks eyes with Sam and flashes that on-brand, shiteating grin.
Kevin comes in a few minutes later, not even bothering with the door. He simply appears on the other side. Stupid ghost powers. Dean doesn’t look up. At this point, he’s conceded people will be coming in and out all morning, ogling the grieving man like he’s an animal in a zoo. Come to think of it, he almost was. Back when the Mark of Cain possessed Dean, Cuthbert Sinclair wanted to use him, valuing his worth as a rare item and weapon more than a hunter. Sam saved him, but that hadn’t stopped Dean from uttering a hushed, desperate prayer to Cas.
Looking around the bunker, things look dismal. The bodies of hunters and monsters -friends- are scattered along the ground, passed out. Brushing a stray curl out of her face, Castiel checks Claire’s mind. It’s a supernatural spell, celestial in nature. Nothing dangerous, but still powerful. A sleeping charm- an angel’s first defense against humans. Cas stretches out his wings, preparing himself for a fight. There aren’t many angels left, but even less liked him. He’d promised to keep Dean’s body safe. Slowly, he extends his senses. Being in the physical world is stressful and overwhelming, but he must know what’s wrong. So he goes further, the sounds of the bunker getting quieter as the lights get brighter until he’s looking for celestial traces. Curiously, Amara’s and Jack’s are gone, but Gabriel’s is all over. Momentarily, anger flows through his body as he realizes Gabriel faked his death again, but it passes. Something’s wrong with Gabriel’s grace- it’s strained. Humans could whisper to each other, but angles had different forms of communication. This is less than a whisper, more akin to a codeword. Gabriel’s in trouble, trapped by another angel.
Fruit from the Tree of Life
Wordlessly he pops the bottle open, taking a moment for the cold glass in his hands to sting against his nerves before risking a sip. He’s right: beer was too much. Choking the little bit down, he sets the drink on the table, sitting a respectable distance from Jack and Sam.
Pegan God
Sam soon decided knowing both Castiel and Dean, as tiresome as they could be, was better than not knowing Dean’s boyfriend. Benny Lafitte was a murderer, pirate, member of some southern monster mafia, and Dean’s newest flame. He didn’t know what purgatory was like, of course, but when Dean would say “he’s my brother in arms” and then leave it at that, Sam remembered what hell was like. Sure, his brother took after their mother, but he could be just as cagey with information as Dad. And just as blind.
“Uh, I’m not- don’t-” Dean tries to protest, but Max pushes in. He grabbes the brush Eileen left and exhales.
“Let me get this straight. You Winchesters ruined the world, and want me to bail you out again?” Dean shrugs again, this time sheepishly. That’s certainly one way of putting it. “Tough shit, kid. You’re the last person I want to see. And after the stunt you pulled” she takes off part of her shirt, revealing the lethal scrape on her shoulder Dean left. “I’m not helping you do anything.”
Instantly, Dean’s on his feet, hugging Castiel, laughing and burying his face in the angel’s neck. The trenchcoat is cold and a little stiff, but Dean’s fingers clench it anyways, desperate to hold Cas. He’s spent so many nights fantasizing about this, about wrapping the angel in his arms and never letting go. He never imagined it’d be in the Empty, a steady cold dread permeating the air around them, but he doesn’t care. All that matters is that Castiel’s here. When he pulls back, just enough to look at Castiel’s face, he frowns.
Witch
“What’ll you do?” Dean asks, concern bleeding in his voice. Not that he fears the world being unprotected against Destruction incarnate, but rather he wonders how Amara would get on, unprotected and dangerous. Humans are social creatures, what the hell are gods?
Gabriel did it. Only the archangel knows how, but he did it. All four wake up in Sam’s bed, tired and still a little tipsy. Rowena and Gabe are recounting other orgies they’ve had, comparing last night to something that happened centuries ago. Eileen sleeps through it all, one arm slung over Sam’s chest. Four people sharing one bed wasn’t too difficult when three of them were small; Eileen wiggled her way into being the big spoon for most of the night. Secretly, Sam likes it. He doesn’t remain in that blissful state for long. It’s morning.
Crowley, Benny, Cain, Billie, Castiel, and Dean made it out. This is his brain. He’s in charge. He’s in control. But he can feel all that foreign anxiety on top of his own. Billie stands up.
“You don’t know that they’re dead.” Dean muttered. It’s a weak argument, but he has to try. Years ago, when they’d first met, Cain said he recognised himself in Dean. There was the obvious, of course: they both had younger brothers who Satan took a personal interest in. They were both murderers, forced into a life of psychotic killing by supernatural forces. They’d both died and come back, both been demons, both fallen in love and brought unspeakable torture upon their lover. They’d both suffered. Looking at Cain now, Dean began to see himself in the immortal. He set his jaw in anger, the same way Dean did when John didn’t leave enough food for his sons on long hunts. Something behind those blue eyes seemed broken, but it was buried deep.
“Good. The more help we can get, the better,” she mutters, clearly busy doing something with her hands. After some commotion on the other end, Jody’s voice comes back clearer. “Something weird happened last month, and then again last night.”
“You’re just as stubborn as Castiel. I can see why you got along so well. But you’re not going to open the door to the Empty again. There’s a barrier between the Empty and God’s creations. It’s thin, and getting thinner. Something happened last month, and now monsters of all kinds are just waiting to get out. You think two archangels fighting is bad? A single pack of trigger happy Leviathans? You have no idea what waits in the void. If you open the door to get your friends out, you’ll let something much worse out. And it won’t be just that.
“There is no map for the void. Besides, you’ve got everything you need. Right here,” he points to Dean’s arm, where a few sigils crowd around the hand shaped scar covering his shoulder. Dean pauses, confused. “You’re looking for Castiel in there. All you need is that little handy (ha!) soul branding to find him.”
Oh well. Sorry. I got a 15 chapter plan but that's likely to change. Sorry about posting two mini stories that aren't PS. I got a lotta spn fics in my head, and i wanted to write those two before i lost the idea. So, yeah. This won't be the last spn fic i post. But my brain is focused on this! And my academic papers!
Claire and Kaia haven’t gotten very far when Dean knocks on the door. He suspects they’re only making out, but who was he to get in the way of teen love? So he pounds against the door, giving the girls plenty of time to put any clothes back on and strike a pose that didn’t scream “we were just making out.”
He stands alone in the dungeon, in the center of the devil’s trap. Dean’s staring at the exact spot where the Empty had torn through the fortified walls to rip Cas from his arms. He rolls his shoulders, aware of the growing, aching soreness that plagues his handprint scar whenever he lingeres here. It’s much. He’s not much.
“Ok. Just prom-” Claire stopped herself, clearly holding something back. She swallowed a few times, rethinking the words. “Tell me you’re not leaving too?”
“And Dean.” Not responding isn’t getting Sam anywhere. Two can play at Naomi’s game. Castiel hadn’t fought back early enough, and by the time he started it was too late. Sam won’t make the same mistake. “You’re asking me to leave the two people best equipped to handle this kind of apocalypse in the one place where they can’t help?”
“Jack is an abomination, like you. I wouldn’t let either of you interfere with Heaven, corrupting it for billions of innocents. And Amara? God sealed her away for a reason. They’re both disgraces on this planet, but that’s not why I’m here. Gabriel, even in his sorry state, is the best option we have.”
“You’re wrong. I’ll get you killed again.” Cas leans closer. It feels good to be this close. His hand ghosts over Dean’s shoulder, fingertips brushing right where the stinging handprint is.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean asks, half relieved and half offended.
“How’d you get in?” Jody demands. She’s just as stern as Donna, and Sam momentarily pities Alex and Claire. Gabe smirks and wiggles his eyebrows.
“You know, when we beat Chuck, I thought this would be over,” Sam’s voice is tired. Dean looks up, so distracted by his own grief and worry that he hasn’t noticed Sam come by.
“Let me take the others,” Dean bargains. Cas huffs, but eventually agrees. He raises a hand to Dean’s forehead. Dean glimpses a few of Cas’ veins, rainbow lines snaking along the blood vessels of his forearm. And then they start to move, rushing towards Dean.
“The one thing I want is something I know I can never have.”
“Sheriff Hanscum,” Donna introduces, pointing her gun at him. “And you are?”
Pegan God
Amara steps into the room, locking eyes with Dean for a moment. She knows something, he thinks, as she stands besides Billie.
“He’s gone, Jody,” Sam answers. The loss is clear in his voice, too. Dean’s so caught up in his own grief, it’s easily to forget about his family’s. No one else saw Cas in his last moments, the determined glint in his eye, the soft smile. Sam and Jack only heard about it afterwards, days later.
“What do you want,” he grumbles, refusing to look up. Maybe, if he finishes painting his body faster, he can avoid everyone he ever knew coming into his room and telling him something.
Apparently everyone has something to tell Dean before the ritual. He hasn’t helped assemble the ingredients, but if he’s going to house a half dead, half real, completely fake celestial, someone has to paint his body in enochian sigils. Dean volunteers, foolishly thinking he’ll get time alone.
He wakes up later. It’s still night, but the world is less blurry. The rain’s stopped and a few stars dot the sky. More interestingly, there’s something in the distance along the road. It looks like a small town, but it remains blurry no matter how Dean squints.
“There’s some, uh, a few symbols left,” Dean fumble, passing her the sheet and a brush. “They go on my face.” Claire giggles, a wicked smile falling on her.
“I’m sorry about this,” she mutters, before beginning an enochian spell. Gabe crumples, falling to the floor and writhing in pain. Naomi’s voice doesn’t waver, still chanting an incantation that seems to only hurt archangels. Cas had warned Sam that Naomi was strong and duplicitous. She knew what the hunters were doing without being told. Is the Empty the only reason she’s here? Sam thinks about the others in danger, about Eileen and Donna’s helpless bodies on the floor, about the other hunters in the bunker (no doubt also put to sleep through magic), and about his kid. Jack. They were a nephilim, so probably not hurt by whatever Naomi did to the humans. But they’re also dangerous, and heaven seems intent on killing them more than anyone else Sam had met. He needs to keep Jack safe. Taking a few steps back, Sam begins muttering a prayer of his own.
Charlie once described Dean as a “disaster bisexual.” Sam laughed at that, memories of Dean’s epic fight against glass doors and jammed guns playing in his mind. But deeper down, he knew that wasn’t entirely accurate. As much of a disaster as Dean could be, and he could be quite the disaster, he was fierce. A fighter through and through, with a vibrant spirit that monsters of all kinds found attractive. The only reason Dean still had his head attached to his shoulders was that warrior confidence and instinct. He was a good judge of character.
“It’s been a few months,” Dean admits. He’s never been to Sunday School, and Sammy was better at research anyways.
“I did,” he admits, giving up on scratching his scar. The mark would always plague him, but the pain is and always will be better than the homicidal relapses.
“C’mon Sam. There’s always gonna be more monsters.” It sounds like a joke, but feels too honest to be laughable. The sad truth is that there will always be more monsters, more hunts, more apocalypses. Just another part of the Winchester Curse. They were born into his life, both as Campbell Hunters and as Men of Letters. Their parent’s marriage was planned by Heaven, their roles and destiny determined before they were even born. Every time they try to step back, take a break, stop fighting, the world punishes them for it. They don’t get to have lives. This doesn’t get to be over.
“It’s over.”
They haven’t really talked since the Twins arrived. Dean was preoccupied, wallowing in self loathing alone, while the witches were pulled this way and that trying to get the spell together. Something had been bothering Dean since the two arrived, however, and he takes their moment alone to seize it.
Thankfully, the paint dries in time for Dean to pull his pants back on before Claire arrives. She hangs around the door, arms crossed in a pout that screams teenage angst. As rough as she looks, Dean could only smile when he sees her.
There’s no flash of light, like when an angel appears. No sound either, which usually accompanies a reaper or demon. Not even the pain of letting Benny out. It’s so straightforward Dean’s instantly suspicious. Four people are now standing in front of him. Four people who, as of a literal second ago, were not on this plane of existence. But here they are, looking like they hadn’t even died. Dean breathes out, his head no longer throbbing. They weren’t as bad as Michael, but he doesn’t miss the pounding headache. For a moment, no one moves. It’s awkward- a hunter, a reaper, a vampire, a demon, and an angel all in the same room. And then something thuds. Five pairs of eyes turn in unison to see Jack in the doorway, an ice pack laying at their feet. They run into the room, wrapping Castiel in a hug before Dean can react. Crowley and Benny step aside, politely giving the reunited family some room. Billie smiles gently, and things seem better for a moment. Looking around, Dean can pretend the past month didn’t happen.
“Were you ever in Apocalypseworld?” Sam needs to know if he’s working with the real angel, or just another illusion. Has he talked to The Trickster himself since 2010? How long has Gabriel been tricking him?
A mother’s memory
“Don’t get too excited, I’m not staying. And neither are you,” he says, shrugging his arms in the universal “eh” motion. “Earth needs Death. You’re the best woman- person?- for the job.” Billie’s eyes narrowed.
Unfortunately, doing anything today means ruining the peace that’s fallen over his room. He doesn’t want to interrupt Rowena, leave Gabriel, or wake Eileen. He doesn’t want to get up and deal with all the problems having a group of hunters and a group of witches in one room entails. He doesn’t want to get up and face the fact that Castiel is gone.
Sam doesn’t notice when the sun goes down. There’s no windows in the bunker, and he’s busy helping Max roast pomegranate seeds. Rowena suggests they all celebrate before the ritual itself, “in case something goes wrong.” She refuses to elaborate, but Donna immediately agrees. Together she and Sam find a pizza place that is willing to deliver to the middle of nowhere, Lebanon, and slowly round up all the others. Donna somehow persuades Dean to join the festivities. He smiles and pretends to be ok. For a moment, Sam can convince himself his brother is.
Leviathan.
“Guess I came at just the right time, then!” A chill crawls down Dean’s spine. He and Donna draw their guns, looking around the hallway. They’re alone, save for Miracle.
“Hey, hey,” Dean interrupted. “We are not going to let him die. You hear me?” he asked. Claire looked into his eyes, makeup somehow just as smudged as before, and nodded. “We are getting him back,” Dean repeated, more for himself than her. A comfortable silence fell over the room as Claire pulled out of the hug, sniffling again.
Patience follows soon after, when Dean has maybe four sigils on his arm. At this rate, it’ll take all morning to prepare the ritual, and by then the spell will be less potent. She only stands in the doorway (Kaia must’ve left it open) and waits.
“Bitch!” Dean shouts, running to cover up the doorway with as much of his body as possible while Cas scrambles to put on his shirt. He feels like he’s 17, kicking his stupid 13 year old brother out of the Impala. “Haven’t you heard of knocking?”
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable,” Cas mumbles, pointedly gazing away from Dean.
“I’m yours.”
But for some godforsaken (Chuck forsaken?) reason, he hates all of Dean’s boyfriends.
That’s not his brother’s voice. Dean stands and hisses, gripping his wounded shoulder in pain. Sam knows that’s not how adrenaline works. Shock should’ve lasted longer. He winces in sympathy, and Dean turns and smiles.
“Claire, Kaia, and Patience all had visions.” Sam, Jack, and Dean all share a confused breath. Patience having a vision isn’t newsworthy- the granddaughter of Missouri Mosely is a gifted psychic. In another way, it’s not too scary if Kaia has one either: she’s a dreamwalker, so it made sense for her to…  dreamwalk. But the two having visions on the same night? And Claire too? Suspicious.
So where had Gabriel’s voice come from?
“Hey,” he greets.
“Wouldn’t want to damage such a fine ass,” he retorts, before disappearing. He’s not gone completely. Dean can still feel him, in the warm night air, but his image is gone. Switching Baby’s radio to the perfect classic rock station, he finishes the drive into town. It’s almost completely empty, but one building’s lights are on, and the inviting hum of dull conversation drifts from the windows. Harvelle’s Roadhouse. Dean parks the car and walks in, ready to meet whatever his mind’s conjured up.
“On our way out of the Empty, a leviathan attacked you. It died, but I got wounded in the fight. And humans aren’t supposed to go to the Empty, so you’re still feeling repercussions of that.” Dean nods. He doesn’t remember any of this, but it sounds familiar. But he doesn’t see the part where Castiel embarrasses him. “Now, I’ve been trying to heal us,” Cas stops. A thick silence settles between them.
“Yeaaaah, dumbass. He basically committed blasphemy putting that thing on you. There’s a great, big, neon sign on the Michael Sword that says ‘if lost, return to Castiel.’” Gabe laughs. “Michael was pissed when he found out, too. You’re lucky you still have the thing.” Instinctively, Dean raises a hand over the mark, shielding it from any would-be archangels that want to remove it. Gabe snorts again, before disappearing. Outside Dean’s door, the trickster loudly startes to hit on Sam, until Dean finally closes his door.
“You already know it’s me. I’m taking the choice out of your hands, boy.”
“Talk,” Donna commands. The room falls silent, waiting for Gabriel’s explanation. Even the hunters who don’t know him are interested.
Dean shakes his head and sighs. It’s hard to argue with Cas, but he has to try.
“That’s not an interesting story. A friend of mine, sweet guy, is Muslim. He told me about it.” The buzzing of different machines throughout the bunker takes over the room. A gentle humming sound fills the silence between the two hunters. Dean shivers as the brush passes over a spot of particularly sensitive skin. He doesn’t like being exposed like this, vulnerable to the world, with all his scars showing. There are a few still healing, carving pink slashes through some of the sigils.
“I’m worried for you, kid. I’ve been where you are, and look at me now.” Max stops painting, sneer softening into a glare. There’s nothing more annoying than being lectured about family. However, it’s only annoying because Dean’s right. He’s a mess. He’s been attacked, killed, tortured, possessed, kidnapped, transformed, and unmade so many times that he lost count years ago. Max has heard enough stories about the Winchesters. The only reason they have stories worth telling is because they’re dangerously needy, and willing to sacrifice the world to save each other. Not exactly role model material.
Before him is empty. The Empty.
Sam rolls his eyes and pity laughs as Gabe saunters away, directly towards Rowena. Looking around, the rest of the group appears to be pacified. He’s not even aware of it, but Sam’s already wandered closer to Eileen. She greets him brightly. The night’s not the best of his “measly little life”, but it’s pretty good.
Dean could give his thoughts to others. He never thought of a life for himself. He wasn’t trained to. But, over the past ten years, Cas tirelessly wore that down, poisoning Dean with hope for a future outside of hunting. A future outside of giving himself to the world. And then Cas died, leaving Dean more broken and abused and hurt than anything John had done. Because as much as Cas sacrificed for Dean, he would always be ready to do the same. For once in his stupid, meaningless life, Dean Winchester felt like an individual. But now Cas was gone and Dean couldn’t hold onto that flimsy image of himself, instead throwing all his attention and energy back into saving the world, making Jack smile, threatening to cut Sam’s hair, learning ASL for Eileen, searching for a way to help Kevin. When Castiel died he took Dean’s individuality with him.
“We’re in your mind,” Cas explains. Dean narrows his eyes, suspicious, but Cas just smiles. “Don’t try to focus, that makes this harder. You saved me from the Empty, remember?” Dean looks away and laughs, this time for real. He doesn’t remember actually going, but Cas sounds truthful. The last week was full of preparing to go to the Empty, had he already done it? Had it been easy?
Navigating through the Empty is not about physical exertion. In a place with no limits, no ground, no distance, and no space, there’s no point to moving. The only way people exist in the Empty is as conscious thoughts. That means the only way to find others is to think about them so completely and wholeheartedly that the Empty mistakes you for them. Billie’s in Dean’s mind, sharing this secret with him. Slowly, Dean inhales a shaky breath. Cas has been consuming his thoughts ever since he died. Dean closes his eyes, thinking about the angel. When he opens them, he’s still alone.
They never said it. Dean didn’t have to ask, he just lead by example. No matter how much he yearned to say it, to whisper those three little words, he couldn’t. It was his curse. Winchesters couldn’t fall in love. Anyone they dared to say the words to would suffer. Dean made that mistake already, with Lisa, with Benny, with Charlie, with Mary, with Jack, with Bobby, with Sam. He couldn’t do it to Castiel. Every time he saw those singed wings, burned up in his fall from grace, or the lost look in his blue eyes, something Naomi tried to torture out of him, or the few scars that decorated his smooth skin, holdovers from his wars against Heaven, Raphael, Metatron, and now God, Dean remembered. He couldn’t say those words, no matter how badly he wanted to.
[09.09.20]
Rises.
“It can wait a few hours. A nap sounds pretty good right now — looks like you’re bouta pass out. C’mon, you needa rest, get horizontal.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Talking, that is.
He reads it so many times, he could probably recite it from memory.
The words echo in Dean’s mind, and he nearly smiles. If Castiel is able to snark like his usual self, he should be fine.
He kneels in the dirt next to Dean for so long, the sun is rising for the next day. He kneels in the dirt next to Dean, warm tears slipping slowly and silently down his cheeks until he physically can't cry anymore. He kneels in the dirt, even as his knees and legs protest against the inactivity, even as the body next to him goes cold. He kneels, because he doesn’t know what else to do, because his
I thought of a triskelion at first and now I have so much random knowledge of Celtic knots... lol
If the blue eyed man is here, then Dean must have slept through the shop’s business hours again. That would explain the lack of spectators. He jumps to his feet, snarling and baring his teeth at the newcomer.
Dean swallows, the click of his throat loud in their mutual silence.
Right from the start, Castiel knew he couldn’t hope to drive the Impala, no matter how much he wanted to. The engine would be a reassuring sound reminding him of Dean, but it’s far too loud in a world requiring silence (unless you would like to be constantly swarmed by Croats). Plus, Castiel couldn’t find the keys; he doesn’t even know if the Impala would start even if he
Dean drags in an audibly deep inhale, curling his fingers into Castiel’s hip. “What’re you… Told you to go to work,” he says, voice thick with sleep.
He grits his teeth and squeezes the trigger.
when Castiel prays, prays for God to be merciful and allow his wretched soul into Heaven, so that he can be reunited with Dean.
Castiel hums, idly tracing one of Dean’s shoulder blades through his shirt. “Wonderful. Jessica is a fine woman, and Sam is…” He pauses dramatically. “Interesting.”
not a
“I do
Now, he hardly feels the burn, even when he takes ridiculously huge gulps like it’s just water. Distantly, his brain partially registers his eyes seeing the liquid level in the stout glass bottle dipping dangerously close to empty.
“Your nothing,” John snaps. “The boy is not a single thing you think he is. He’s been lying to you, all this time.”
“Cas,” Dean whimpers, breathless.
Castiel falls easily into Dean’s embrace, pushing his face into Dean’s neck. Dean tries not to think about how Castiel fits perfectly in his arms.
[13.08.20]
Padding downstairs on bare feet, Castiel carefully shakes a single capsule of Tylenol onto his palm, a bottle of water tucked in the bend of his elbow. When he returns, Dean’s no longer holding an arm over his face. Castiel nearly smiles — Dean might be the most stubborn and thickheaded person Castiel has ever known, but at least he does seem to realize when he has to put up with a little outside help.
When the time comes for Castiel to inevitably leave Dean behind — he does this every weekday, since he heads out for work earlier than Dean does, but there’s something so different when Dean is actually bedridden instead of grumbling into his morning coffee and breakfast in bed — he does so with a great deal of reluctance, trailing his fingers along the edge of Dean’s jaw forlornly before forcing himself to take a step back. Then another. And another.
As quickly as it had started, it’s over. Castiel pulls back, waiting for Dean’s reaction with restless, worried eyes, as if he wasn’t the hurricane that had swept Dean soundly off his feet in one fell swoop.
alarming, but it’s still enough to have concern coil into a dense ball and make itself a home in the pit of Castiel’s stomach. Dean’s already armed himself with water and calories; the only thing left for Castiel to do is—
Huffing a hum, Castiel stares sternly upward —
“For me to forgive you,” Dean clarifies.
He leaves the offerings on the bedside cabinet closest to the side of the bed Dean’s currently occupying. There. Calories, hydration, and medicine, all within arm’s reach. It should tide Dean over for most of the day while Castiel’s gone.
“Dean…?”
Sets.
Dean’s heart is racing and he hardly dares to breathe. Castiel’s cheek is in his palm, warm breath ghosting over Dean’s wrist whenever he exhales, and for one moment, everything is still.
But that’s a situation for another day. Right now, he has to check on Dean, make sure he’s okay. Hopefully it really is just a headache.
Until each bottle is a little mound of broken glass, until there are no more bullets in the gun and his eyes are damp with tears he refuses to shed.
force in his tone, and
this absurdly polite man would be the kind of person to hold proper conversations with animals who cannot understand or reply. Had it been any other person, such a thing would be hilariously foolish, but Dean finds himself outrageously endeared by the openhearted clumsiness of this man.
Slowly, he opens his mouth to show Dean his too-sharp-to-be-human canines, his pupils shrinking to thin lines and back in between two blinks of his eyes.
He feels Castiel shift. Curious, Dean opens his eyes, to find Castiel watching him with surprise and a fair amount of awe in his eyes.
Dean freezes, his mind full of static. He had been hoping Castiel would say yes, but now that it’s happening, he doesn’t know what to do with himself.
— and brushes his fingers over Dean’s belt loops, blue eyed gaze serious and calm as ever. Dean can’t draw breath for protest, so Castiel slowly unbuckles Dean’s belt, pops the button and unzips his fly with sure, deft movements of those elegant fingers.
Chuckling, Dean tucks half the comforter over Castiel, threading his fingers through dark unruly hair. Castiel exhales a soft rumbling sound not unlike a purr and turns his whole body towards Dean.
Castiel manages to make it to noon.
Gordon growls and his familiar stalks forward with balled fists, but a voice interrupts.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel obeys easily, hands curling around a pillow in his lap. Dean brushes back the hair falling over Castiel’s forehead, fingertips ghosting over warm skin, and Castiel flinches.
He finds out he can actually drink enough to pass out when he blinks his eyes open and finds himself sprawled out on the floor, his neck and shoulder painfully stiff from the awkward position. Even his hip protests when he drags himself upright.
It takes Sam a solid minute to find the key he’d been informed of, mildly anxious about the thought of looking like he was someone trying to break into the house. It isn’t really a flowerpot — why didn’t his jerk of a brother tell him he’d be looking under a decent sized
— when he closes it around Dean’s, “it’s melting.”
“Called you in sick, figured I’d take a week off too. Needed a break, anyway.”
Castiel’s smile grows brighter, wider. “Of course.” He craned his neck to reach Dean’s mouth again. “And I’ll always want to.”
(See the end of the chapter for
To no one’s surprise, Dean finds himself back at the noname little (huge) shop. For some reason, the instant he walks through the door, Dean feels like he’s finally about to breathe properly. Like a huge weight has been lifted off his shoulders, like he’s finally returned
Dean…
He definitely does
Castiel watches Dean with unreadable blue eyes for a long moment. Dean’s stubbornly fixated on the blood still trailing sluggishly down Castiel’s face, and Castiel knows he won’t be in any mood for conversation until he’s finished. It’s a bit endearing, how worried Dean is. Castiel closes his eyes.
Pain sparks through their bond. Dean’s straining his ears to hear the conversation, and distantly, he catches the sound of someone —
Gordon yells a spell from a good distance away. His voice echoes, and Dean only manages to think
He stands calmly in front of Gordon. Defiant.
Castiel rises up on his front paws to touch his nose to Dean’s.
The sun is starting to set as Dean makes the walk over to Castiel’s shop, warm pie in a bag hanging from the bend of his elbow. If his calculations are correct, he’ll have to wait less than a handful of hours. It’s a good thing he loves the coffee there.
Dean takes an unconscious step in John’s direction, the rage crashing against every nerve in his body forcing him forward.
Nipping at Dean’s neck where it connects to his shoulder, Castiel adds a touch more force the next time he snaps his hips forward. He’s rewarded by Dean shuddering in his arms.
He spends a few moons studying the health of his grains and narrowing down time, until he is nearly certain the problem occurs when the sun hangs the highest in the sky. Today, Dean’s going to find out what — or who — is consistently harassing his poor plants. Why it (or they) would choose broad daylight to commit the crime is far beyond Dean’s comprehension, and he’s going to make it/them regret it.
He pauses, poking his tongue out to wet his lips, and Dean has a sudden ridiculous urge to test if they are as plush as they look against his own. “I think I would like that.”
low voice to croon senseless reassurances and tender apologies to his Baby, whenever he had the time to repair her wounds and deep clean her interior. Castiel misses those times, misses Dean.
Castiel doesn’t reply for a minute; Dean’s about to apologize for bringing up the topic when Castiel’s voice speaks up in his mind again.
Castiel absently straightens a crease in the comforter before turning on his laptop. He has work to do.
Bonds are not meant to be broken. They can’t be. Not unless one side no longer exists.
Castiel stands in the center of the threadbare room, panting heavily with wet eyes. It looks like a tornado had gone through the space. Strangely enough, he doesn’t feel regret; for the first time in a long while, his head is clear, the debilitating crushing weight of his grief made somewhat manageable.
But when Castiel staggers around the building, he finds a tall figure in a stark white suit standing in the garden, as if waiting for him. He hesitates and for a brief moment entertains the idea of turning around, until he sees
Rises.
Castiel gives Dean a proper hunter's funeral.
“Said I’ll be fine.”
about this for Crissake, and those lips are every bit as soft as he’s always imagined.
Dean wonders if Castiel’s actual voice is as deep and rich as the one he hears in his head through their bond. That is, if he has a voice. It’s fine if he doesn’t, but Dean’s spent quite some time pondering over the possibilities and he’s pretty sure Castiel’s only choosing not to speak. He doesn’t understand why.
It warms something in him, the idea of having Dean’s trust. Castiel carefully shakes out one of his dark navy comforters, tucking it up around Dean’s shoulders. He worries for a minute, twisting his fingers together in his lap as he weighs the pros and cons, but seeing Dean with his shoulder wedged under him in what must be an uncomfortable position seals the deal.
“Ever heard of the Winchesters?” Dean grins, sharp and predatory. “I suggest never coming back.”
“Cas!” Dean’s instantly at his side, helping him sit up. He cradles Castiel’s face in his hands, tilting it up to check his neck. “You okay, sweetheart?”
And the reason for this sudden influx of customers? The weather.
“Cas…”
Sam chuckles, pressing crackers to the little pile of marshmallow and chocolate balanced between his fingers. "Be careful, you'll choke."
Just before the sun reaches its maximum height in the sky, Dean sets out of his home for a stroll in his field, determined to catch the perpetrator in the act. He has to walk to nearly the edge of the reach of his power before he spots a dark head. So, it’s a
[30.09.20]
Something in him breaks a little to leave Baby behind. He pats her hood fondly, murmuring his despondent regrets for being unable to bring her along, and wonders if Dean would forgive him.
Not today.
As if sensing Dean’s gaze, Castiel glances away from the window.
Please do.
“Dean.”
Castiel helps the girl up, smiling gently when she thanks him profusely with wet eyes. Dean waits impatiently, tapping his foot, and grabs Castiel’s wrist when he can’t stand it any longer, tugging Castiel along as he waves back at the girl.
Bobby stands up, tugging on his coat. “’m goin’ with. Ain’t gonna let that bastard hurt anyone again.”
Castiel flinches, expression guilty.
“Good. Get— Before I change my mind.”
[28.09.20]
Castiel’s already ducking his head even as Dean speaks, eyes downcast.
See, Dean likes being clean. Taking showers, washing Baby, tidying his room — they’re all things he could arguably say he enjoys doing, things that often help him relax and clear his head. But as someone who has a lifestyle of hunting monsters, he’s become more than acquainted with dirt under his nails, blood coating his hands, all kinds of dust and mud (and often, gore) on his clothes. Perhaps it’s all that motivating his urge to be clean, like some twisted, monstrous version of Macbeth’s wife; perhaps he too, has a gruesome death in his future, a karma for all the blood he’s spilled. Gloomy thoughts of his impending demise aside, Dean would usually
“Metatron! Lucifer! Think, Sam, you can’t let them back into the world. The destruction and mass murder each of them caused alone was tragic, but combined? On top of everyone else I’ve mentioned? Humanity doesn’t stand a chance. I understand you’re in a hard place, and don’t want to hear me. But you will not let Castiel and Dean out of the Empty.”
“Who are you,” he barks, nudging Eileen with his foot. Worryingly, she doesn’t respond. “And why are you here.” It’s a demand, not a question. If the woman is surprised or intimidated by his shouting, she doesn’t show it, instead casting a glance at the gun.
“Cas?”
“There’s a lot of things I want,” he begins, lazily. “But we gotta talk.” His voice turns sour. “You’re gonna send someone back.” Dean opens his mouth to protest, but Cain raises one hand. “It’s going to be me.”
Over the course of the week, they’d learned a few things. Hunters around the country are scrambling, because defeating God apparently had repercussions. But that isn’t the most worrying thing.. When Castiel sacrificed himself, The Empty grabbed Billie, too. There aren’t any reapers left (The Empty had slaughtered them all trying to get Billie’s attention), meaning Death is short handed. She also isn’t on this mortal plane. Kevin’s ghost (accompanied by his very alive, very angry, very terrifying mother) stops by to warn them. Eileen also arrives, adamant to stay for the whole spell. Garth shows up the same time Rowena’s summoned. The Banes Twins also come, unannounced but very welcome. Otherworld Charlie couldn’t make it, but she does offer some encouraging words over the phone. Donatello also calls, leaving a long, vaguely threatening voicemail. The Bunker’s in constant motion. At almost all times, someone is awake and walking around, working on the spell. There’s just too much to do, and not enough time to do it. All of them are painfully aware of that, but too determined to care. This would work. It has to.
Three: he’d sent plenty of demons and angels to the Empty who would love nothing more than to get back at him
Right where Dean had held him in the Empty.
“Do you know what they saw?” Jack asks, getting their bearings first. A small pang of pride flutters in Sam’s chest. The kid’s a natural born hunter, with sharp instincts and a keen eye, even without their Nephilim powers.
For every glass he cleans, there’re at least three more waiting. The repetitive activity is calming, but he can’t relax fully. Even when he doesn’t look at it, the scythe’s shadow falls across his arm.
Closing his eyes again, he runs a hand through his hair and sighs. Since the Empty had taken him, Dean didn’t pray to Cas. He didn’t want to waste the breath, confident the angel wouldn’t hear him admitting weakness. There was just no point.
“You were out, dude,” Sam fires back. Thinking about Dean seems to ease his fear, if only slightly. He smiles but it can’t reach his eyes. “I tried, but you were practically dead. It’s been a day, Dean.” Dean recoils in his seat, taking it all in. He always woke up when Sam was in the room. Secretly, he takes pride in that- it’s one of the first survival skills he’d taught himself. But if he did sleep for an entire day, that would explain how hungry he was. And why the door was open- Sam would’ve checked on him from time to time.
Because Dean can live without Sam. It’s the ugly truth he doesn’t want to admit. By some miracle he knows he shouldn’t attribute to heaven, he’d managed to carve out an apple-pie life with Lisa and Ben for a year. He could live without his brother, but he choses not to. Dean decides, every time, to return to this crappy life, doing whatever he has to to keep Sam alive and healthy. It’s selfish, and he knows it. Dean’s the one who always brings Sam back, his own codependency forcing Sam into his current position. Keeping his family together is the one thing he wants.
“Spit it out,” Dean sighs, knowing something’s on Sam’s mind. There’s a pounding in his head that he’s sure is from the angel, demon, vampire, and reaper all sharing the limited space, but he’s in control. They’re not louder than Michael was- nothing will ever be.
Vampire
“You got this,” he whispers back, squeezing her shoulder. Donna takes a deep breath and then looks him dead in the eyes. She’s ready.
“Go to her,” Sam whispered, urging Dean forward. He casts a scant look towards Jack, making sure his kid is recovering, before giving in to his brother’s instructions. Amara’s eyes follow Dean the whole time, trying to read his body language. She used to do it effortlessly, but their time apart must’ve changed something. Clearly she couldn’t anymore, or else she wouldn’t have been tricked so easily. Now, they’re only inches apart and Dean subconsciously holds his breath. As necessary as it was, Amara was right. He did lie to her. And it hurt, but he put on a brave face and lied right through his teeth to her, abusing her trust, their cosmic bond, the laws of the universe, and who knows what else.
“Cas?” Dean nods. Sam hugs him again, relieved. It’s over. It worked. It’s real.
“If you’re here to stop me from opening the Empty, why do you need Gabriel?” Maybe he can wrangle the archangel’s freedom out of this deal. Maybe he can slightly unfuck his life before he completely destroys it. Naomi cocks her head slightly, calm face faltering. The bunker lights flicker in perfect timing with her facade cracking.
“How are you feeling, Dean?” Castiel’s voice is refreshing. Dean smirks.
It almost makes up for the nightmares.
They’re all talking, but it’s not to each other. Everyone’s splintered off into groups, discussing in hushed whispers what happened. No one has all the answers, and the stress that lingers between conversations is beginning to take on a body of its own. Sam’s looking at Dean uncertainty, probably trying to read his mind. He was never as sneaky as he thought. Dean’s not sure if it’s because he’s always looking at his younger brother- protect Sammy or die trying- or if it’s because Sam is the size of a horse and about as subtle as one, but Dean’s always aware of when Sam does this. There are times, after fights or hunts or deaths or anything major, really, when Sam looks at Dean when he thinks Dean can’t see. It’s not a bad habit, Dean had perfected looking at John when John didn’t know, but it’s annoying.
“You passed out,” he explains, fondly. Dean closes his eyes. He doesn’t have to leave yet. “I brought you here.”
Witch
“A few months ago I got a strange call. A friend of mine, only a few miles outside of Hibbing, found some weird signs. I thought it was teenagers, you know, having a laugh. Turned out to be dwarven ruins. There’s not a lotta helpful sources about how to deal with Dwarves, and I had to find some experts.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Not the first nightmare I've been through,” Dean reassures her. Hes not lying, either. He’d survived Zachariah sending him to the post-apocalypse, the apocalypse world Jack accidentally opened, and the place Kaia used to dream of. If he could make it through Hell, Purgatory, and Heaven, he could do this. Kaia nods and leaves.
It’s hard to remember Sam is Dean’s younger brother sometimes, with the way he leads others so confidently and looms a full head taller than most people. But as younger brothers always do, he finds the perfect time to interrupt and seizes it.
Ghoul
Nephilim feather (33 cm)
“I’m the trickster!” His answer is just as disappointing as Sam expects. He’s done grieving Gabriel.
So how did Naomi touch on it? She didn’t mention the others- Azazel, Abbadon, the British Men of Letters, Asmodeus. All those bad guys Sam didn’t want to spill his guts about. He only talked to Dean if it was a last resort, and never spoke of them around Cas. Of course Naomi wouldn’t know about them- Castiel didn’t. She was hitting all the points she knew hurt Sam because Castiel knew they hurt Sam. He’s instantly angry again, wondering how deeply buried some of those secrets were, how desperately Cas tried to guard them against her or how she’d tainted them in his mind. Naomi appeared as an ally, but she was far from a friend. At least with Crowley, you knew you’d get double crossed. Sam tightens his lips for a moment before coming to a decision.
“So, who’s the shortie?” Gabe’s question throws Sam off guard. Eileen is talking to Jody, laughing about some hunting story. Sam realizes he’s been staring, and quickly tries to shake it off. Gabriel hadn’t said much about the “angel business” he needed to talk to Castiel about, but he decided to stay and lend a hand with the spell. Sam knows that look in his eyes, however. Tonight, he wants to score.
Sam saw it. Every time Benny’s eyes lingered too long on Dean’s body, a quick glance at his bare neck. The scars on his brother’s neck also haven’t gone unnoticed, but neither man talks about it. Cas said something about purgatory being full of vampires, and it’s possible those scars came from some other bloodsucker. That won’t stop a chill from going down his spine every time Benny smiles at Dean, nostrils flaring with what must be the smell of human blood.
Castiel wakes with a start. For a moment, he’s still. There’s too much to take in all at once. After the total sensory deprivation of the Empty, everything around him is overwhelming. Cold air on his body. Bunker lights flickering. The scent of something burning. Holy oil’s strangely tangy taste in the air. The sound of breathing hits his ears. Blood pounding through his veins. Bruises forming along his skin. Pain on his shoulder that burns.
So why the hell is he having so much trouble thinking about Cas now?
“It’ll be ok,” Dean tried to soothe, pretending a tear of his own didn’t fall. Claire shook her head.
Thoughts of Cas are hard to push away when Dean’s with others, but they’re impossible to repress when he’s alone. There are just too many memories here. Everywhere Dean looks, he can see his angel. He looms just outside Dean’s field of vision, stretched out on the bed, or relaxing in the chair in the corner. Cas’ voice rings in his ears, almost as loud and terrifying as the first time Castiel “spoke” to him.
He starts to wander again.
“After last night? I think you can do anything.” She giggls in response, dragging the brush across his spine. “How’d you know all that stuff about Gabriel yesterday?”
He can’t wait to give it back.
“It’s me, Dean,” he promises, bringing a hand to rest on top of Dean’s. “And a few others. Something’s hunting us.” Cas’ voice turns serious, all the warmth in his initial greeting melting away. “We tried to fight it, but it didn’t stop. I think it hurt the Empty. Ever since, it’s been punishing us.”
There’s a woman standing in the war room. Sam doesn’t recognise her. Silvery white hair in a close crop-cut hugs her scalp, and she wears a navy pant suit. Lines of age are etched into her face but it’s nothing compared to her eyes, which betray eons of age. She must be something supernatural, and he makes a list of all the threats strong enough to break into the bunker. Sam’s unsure which she is, and aims his gun at her chest.
“There’s a protection amulet in the dungeon. Take it with you.” Dean doesn’t respond; he doesn’t need to. Eileen’s a master when it comes to reading body language, and from the simple hunch in his shoulders, heavier than usual, she can see he’s mentally somewhere else. He’ll do as she asked, since apparently he’s taking requests, but that doesn’t mean he has to look happy about it. As far as art projects go, he’s a pretty disappointing one. Finishing the sigil with a swish of the brush, tickling Dean’s sensitive skin, she smiles and leaves.
“Of course,” he responds, and instantly Dean is wrapped in a hug. It’s warm and soft and Dean drifts off again, safe in Castiel’s arms.
“Heaven is dying.” Sam opens his mouth to protest- didn’t Jack fix that?- but she interrupts him. “I don’t say this lightly, Sam. The Empty attacked heaven, putting the billions of souls housed there at great risk. For a while we were recovering. Not fixed, as Castiel might’ve had you believe, but recovering. But then you killed God. And now there’s nothing hosting Heaven. The might of a few angels isn’t enough. We need an archangel. Gabriel’s the only one left. We need his power for creation, his ability to invent and recharge.” Sam’s eyes narrow. Asmodeus had tortured Gabriel for a little under a decade, using the trapped archangel’s grace as a supernatural steroid to boost his demonic power and overcome Lucifer. Naomi only had Castiel under her fist for less than a year, but nearly forced him to beat Dean to death, all the while the agnel himself begged for mercy. Sam didn’t want to think what Naomi would do to someone as powerful as Gabriel, and he refused to subject a friend to that kind of unspeakable torment. Gabe had left heaven for a reason.
“A little short for an archangel, arent’cha?” Gabriel frowns at the comment, but Donna continues. “You’re the one who shook the Prophet Mohammed? In that weak little body? I’m supposed to believe you’re the one who killed Baldur?” Donna lowers her gun. “You couldn’t even get into tha bunker without pretendin’ to be a neutered dog.” The archangel’s face darkens, and he strides towards Donna.
“Knock knock.” Eileen’s voice is gentle, carrying across the room the way a pie’s scent dances along the wind. Dean jumps, suddenly no longer physically alone. The brush in his hand stalls, the sigil on his stomach only half done. He starts it up again, praying Eileen hasn’t seen him so depressed. She crosses the room, grabbing the second brush Alicia left. There aren’t any more symbols needed on his back, but she finds a spot on his arm that’s woefully baren. Dean feels like an art project, something the whole bunker was contributing to, with or without his say so. At least people don’t expect a canvas to talk about its feelings.
“You lied to me,” Amara coldly states. Dean is still, despite every impulse in his body wanting to move. All they can do is stare, trying to read each other’s looks. The distance between them is nauseating. Sam breaks the silence, whispering reassurances to Jack. The kid’s still on the ground, no longer shaking, but breathing deeply. They look exhausted, as if splitting from Amara took the same effort as running a marathon.
“Tell him what happened last night!” Jack encourages, either missing or ignoring how peeved their dads are. Sam mutters something that sounded something like “no you” before sighing. He’s not meeting Dean’s gaze. Jack turns to Dean, their enthusiasm only matched by Miracle’s.
“Just a few others. You’ll remember them soon. They’re not causing any trouble, I promise,” he reassures. For a moment his eyes glow with angelic grace, and Dean feels a gentle heat in his chest.
“You’re too repressed for me. Maybe that angel you love digs it, but I find it boring.” Max responds casually, as if he were reading out the weather. Dean stands still, eyes widening in shock. He wants to respond, but every witty comeback that flies past his mind only proves Max’s point. Begrudgingly he admits defeat, letting the witch smear “paint” on his legs.
Dean’s not as smart as Sam, but he’s pretty good at picking up engineering and science concepts. He knows that sound is a longitudinal wave and it has to have a medium to travel across. So when he hears what could only be described as the sounds of someone being eaten alive, he comes to a few realizations.
“Yeah. It’s about Castiel. Where is he?” Jody asks, concern bleeding from her voice. Dean swallows hard, not ready to say it outloud. He came to terms with his best friend’s death a long time ago, but it still hurts. For some stupid reason, it only throbbed worse after they’d defeated Chuck. Dean had never missed him more than right now, when the war was over and he barely went hunting anymore.
For the next seven years, they continued the estranged dance. One of them was always pulling away for some reason, some grander purpose in life. In between the strife, Cas’ few months as a human, Dean’s summer as a demon, the Mark of Cain’s homicidal influence, Lucifer's occupation of Castiel’s body, Ishim’s threat to murder Dean, Dean’s awful two months after Jack’s birth (made infinitely worse by the blood bond), Michael’s ear shattering screaming in Dean’s brain, and their journey back to Purgatory, there were quieter moments. Dean wipes a tear away, remembering all the slow nights when they’d stay up late watching old westerns. Sometimes they drank coffee together, just enjoying each other’s company. At night, after particularly stressful hunts, Cas would rail Dean into next week, whispering soft reassurances into his neck.
Rowena begins the spell. The whole room watches with baited breath. No one knows what’s supposed to happen. Sam’s hand traces down Eileen’s arm. Her fingers lace with his. She shoots him a sympathetic smile. His heartbeat slows down, just for a moment. Sam’s nervous, nothing can stop that, but knowing Eileen’s here is enough. She promised to stay for the whole week. He’s been thinking of a few ways to make her stay longer.
“Don’t tell me you’re pretending I’m not here,” Kevin complains. Despite himself, Dean smirks. Not even death can take away the kid’s angel-blade sharp wit.
There’s no actual way for The Empty to enter the world of God’s creation. It has to be summoned, and even then, it only stays for as long as necessary. There’re very few things that could summon pure void. The final resting spot of angels and demons isn’t sedintary, though. Jack’s death, and Castiel’s deal, had been enticing enough. It wants a dead celestial. And by god, the Winchesters are going to give it one.
“Thought I’d use a familiar face,” she retorts, black ooze dripping from her eye. “Who are you?” She repeats, this time less of a question. Dean doesn’t respond, too busy trying to figure out what Anna means. Something in his brain reminds him that the Empty would take on different shapes to speak. That’s one of Billie’s thoughts.
*What’s happening* Dean wants to shout at the air, looking at the concrete ceiling. Miracle waits by his legs, confident someone would eat soon.
Their voice is haunted. Dean remembers they’ve been to the Empty. They have to have some idea of whatever hell Cas is experiencing. But when Jack got there, Billie helped them escape. Dean’s sure Billie wouldn’t be doing Cas the same favor, even if she still had her powers. Her powers: something Dean deprived her of by striking death with her own scythe. Once again, his bloodlust ruined the day.
“No,” Dean hisses, slamming his hands on the table. Cain doesn’t even react. Dean curses under his breath, hating how easily the older man could read him. He couldn’t even keep Billie’s sick deal a secret from him.
“Love sucks.”
“A long time ago, my dad died, too. And the worst part was, he traded his life for mine.” Jack looks up, blue eyes tinged green at the edges. Dean noticed that Jack’s powers were connected to their emotions a while ago, but he hasn’t seen it up close and personal until this month. With no looming threats in the way, Dean could watch his kid more. He remembers seeing Cas do the same thing, a fond look in his eye as Jack thumbed through Men of Letter tomes. Dean’s aware he’s taking Castiel’s place. He’s a substitute, and poor one at that. It took maybe a week for him to figure out Jack’s schedule, and then even more time to settle into it. He only noticed how Jack’s eyes change with their emotions recently. The golden hue their power manifested with sometimes danced along the edges of their eyes, transforming their light blue iris into a cheery shade of green. Right now, they’re holding back. Some powerful thing is building inside of them, but they won’t let it out around Dean. Despite their eyes shining in the light, not a single tear falls.
The more he thought about it, Sam wasn’t mad at Dean. He started to piece together a few buried memories. And then, as he sat in the Roadhouse, tolerating Ash burping the title to every AC/DC song, he realized something. Dean was too good for Ash.
“Just wanted to see how far along you are,” Gabriel cooes. He moves so that Dean os forced to see him, wearing the shirt Sam had on yesterday. Great. “Candy?” he offers, materializing a red lollipop in one hand.
Angel
Werewolf
There’s also the other reason Dean can’t look at Kevin. Despite being a ghost, Kevin’s pretty good at being visible. Sure, Dean sees him whenever they’re in the same room, but Dean can’t really *look* at him. Not in the eyes. There’s too much guilt, too many regrets. Every time Dean sees Kevin, he remembers watching the kid die at Gadreel’s hands. Before that, Kevin was functionally dead, spending all his time in Garth’s safe houseboat or the bunker. He never went outside, barely slept, and didn’t talk to anyone outside of when Crowley tortured him, or when the Winchesters remembered to check in. Dean doesn’t know which is worse.
“Why’d I grip you tight and raise you from perdition?” he asks, a smile playing at his lips. Castiel’s face falls. Dean grabs and squeezes his hand. “Because I had to. You deserve to be here, Cas. In the world, with Jack and Sam and Claire. You should be happy.” Cas looks at him and Dean wonders if he’ll ever not shrink away from that stare.
Breathing exercises, long morning runs, and the occasional prayer for divine strength got Sam through it. There was no winning around Dean and Crowley. The two had a conniving, chaotic partnership and a language of smirks and eye sex only they understood. At least Rowena was on his side. He didn’t agree with her schemes to actually break them up (too many hex bags for his taste) but at least he had someone to share the pain with.
Dean barely has a second to himself between Jack and Donna. Miracle follows the Winchester, stopping momentarily to sniff the sheriff’s hand before running down the hallway. Donna beams at Dean. A weight’s been lifted off her chest since they last talked in the hallway. Not as bright as Jody’s, her ring still glares against the unnatural bunker lighting.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the first?” Dean demands, too angry to care that he probably just stopped his brother from saying something useful. Screw whatever he saw, Sam’s safety is more important.
“I don’t know.” Her voice is small. Being alone in the Empty is an unpleasant dream, the way being covered in bugs feels. Being alone in the world, where others are happily together and celebrating? Dean can’t bear it. Amara has no experience with it, having learned about how to be human from maybe the worst teachers in the world. There’s so much Dean and Cain just can’t teach her, and so much she’d struggle to learn on her own. “What I do know is that I should be here. Right now,” She moves closer, stepping around the bed. In a swift movement, she repaints the sigil on Dean’s arm.
“Promise me you’ll come back,” she whispers. Dean doesn’t say anything, just hums some nonanswer and continues to play with her hair. Eventually, Claire pulles back, sniffling hard. She won’t look him in the eye.
Dean wanders back into the kitchen, where his family is sitting now, discussing something earnestly. Jack’s smiling, pressed into Castiel’s side, gesturing wildly with their hands. Amara’s nodding, and Billie has the same calm face she wore when she reaped Cain. Dean sits on Castiel’s other side, between his angel and Amara, and refuses to make eye contact. God might be dead, but the universe still has it out for him.
Looking around, Dean realizes he was in the bunker- in his room. The door’s left slightly open, as if he’s been carried there. Probably Sam, Dean concludes. He groans. They’ll have to talk about this later. The clock by his bed flashes the time: Stupid Early. Deciding now was as good a time as any, Dean stumbles out of bed, struggling to put on something warm. He lumbers into the kitchen, finding the lights already on. Sam and Jack are sitting at the table, discussing something. Jack looks better, their skin no longer taunt and the black circles around their eyes completely gone. They shoot a goofy grin in Dean’s direction, alerting Sam to the new presence in the room. Miracle, who’d been resting on Sam’s foot, cheerily greets Dean with a woof, partially happy to see him, partially hoping for food.
“What’s it to you?” Max sneers. Somewhere deep, Dean laughs. He'd have done the same thing. Hell, he still does the same thing. There’s no price too high for saving family. Of course, that philosophy gets everyone around him killed. Max is young, but the distant look in his eyes betrays something else. He knows the rules about life and death, the high toll hunting demands, and yet he wakes up every morning and kept moving.
“Somewhere.” And with that, she disappears. His arm cools down, and Dean finally breaths out. He refuses to open his eyes, knowing tears are on their way. They’d won. This is what victory looks like. This is what it feels like. Lonely. Hooray.
“That can be arranged.”
Angel.
“It’s good to see you, Sam.” Sam nods, face blank. He’s trying to forget everything he just saw, and blinks a few times.
“What’d you do.” Sam doesn’t even bother pretending it’s a question. He knows Dean well enough to know they don’t get a win like this without major consequences and that Dean is more than happy to sacrifice something important to get it done. After fifteen years of demon deals and angel bullshit and cosmic problems, it’s not a question anymore.
Poltergeist
“I had a life. I’ve had many. Colette was my true love, but I’ve fathered at least a tenth of humanity. Face it, son. I’m the one who’s going back to the Empty.” Dean shudders. He can’t bring himself to say the name of that hateful place, but Cain says it so casually. Brain spinning, Dean tries to think of another argument. The roadhouse radio sputters, switching channels at random for a minute. Cain doesn’t deserve this. Dean won’t kill him twice.
“Human.” Anna’s eyes narrow, squeezing out another voidborne tear.
“Get the cuffs,” Sam breathes, giving Dean something to do. His brother obeys, leaving the room. Jack enters curiously, and the other hunters filter in a few minutes later. Dean returns with the angel cuffs, unsure if they’ll work on an archangel. They worked on Jack when the kid was weakened, and possibly held back Apocalypseworld Michael. Sam slaps them over Gabe’s wrists. This isn’t the first archangel risk they’ve taken.
“Ok.”
He’s the first one out the door, gun ready. Besides the blaring alarm, he doesn’t hear anything. With his right hand he motions a few hunters out the door, sending them down the hallway to the armoury. It’s one of the safest places in the bunker. Sam knows he’s going to need all the help he can get- something strong enough to attack the Men of Letters Bunker is stronger than a single hunter. He also knows that people around him die- he won’t subject the Trans or the Novaks to any more pain. Jody reads his mind, leading the younger hunters to the armory while Donna and Eileen remain by his side. The Banes Twins are helping Rowena, all three witches chanting together. Gabriel shoos Sam away. The hunter’s hesitant to leave, but one look at the archangel persuades him. They’ll be safe with him.
Demon
Sam and Dean make a plan to save Castiel from the Empty. It goes...... well, it goes.
He comes back every time. Sam and Jack try to hide it, but Dean notices they were worried. The next day he attempts to make it up to them, watching a movie with Sam or taking Jack for a drive. And if he really tries, Dean can pretend he doesn’t feel dead.
“And you did it right? I don’t look like Divine or something?” Dean teases, opening his eyes.
“Ok, I have a plan,” he states louder, looking into Castiel’s vacant eyes again. “I can get you out of here. But you have to put the Empty back to sleep.”
Sam’s laid out on his back against the war room table. Nothing seems to be holding him down, but he’s squirming in place, desperate to escape. Above him is Naomi, her angel blade held just inches away from Sam’s eye. It’s dripping with blood.
“By now you’ve figured out what I am?” she teases. In a flash of light, her wings spread out eight feet in either direction. They’re bare and burned (like all other angel wings after Metatron ejected the holy birds from heaven), but these look more healed. Castiel’s wings were singed and tender, but hers are magnificent to behold.
The kitchen is empty. There’s beer, and lots of it, but no lingering friends or hunters or creatures or whatever the hell else decided to wander in to bother Dean. Taking a deep breath, he tries to eject whatever’s in his head. He’s never done this before- Michael left of his own volition last time (extenuating circumstances notwithstanding) and carrying Benny out of Purgatory had been a physical ordeal. This was all mental- and Dean hated his mind.
“I- I uh. I’ve been trying to find you for a while now.” Sam pauses, swallowing awkwardly, looking anywhere but Castiel. “There’s some people you gotta see. Put a shirt on first.”
“Be careful with my body,” Dean jokes. Cas almost laughs.
“Yeah, I remember,” Dean says, finally standing in one place. He’s still nervous, and picks up a rag. There’s things to clean- his mind will always keep him busy. Billie looks at his working hands sympathetically. He doesn’t want her sympathy. He wants to keep everyone alive. “Someone goes back.”
“I’m already a painted whore. Have at it.” He sits down too, closing his eyes. The brush is cold against his forehead, and he can hear the sheet rustle as Claire checks it for accuracy. Dean wonders if this was the weird, hunter equivalent of a father letting his daughter do makeup. He likes the feeling, just spending time with Claire alone. She’s always so angry, weaponizing her own pain. Most abandoned kids could relate, he supposes, but that didn’t mean he doesn’t like seeing her walls come down around him.
Dean laughs, reaching out to scratch his apologies behind soft rounded ears. “Didn’t mean to, I swear, Cas. Guess now’s the time to tell you I got more of that good beef to make burgers with, yeah?”
The first brush of Castiel’s tongue, curious, has Dean tossing his head back against the stall wall, nearly biting through his own tongue with how quickly he has to snap his jaw shut. He presses a palm to cold, painted steel, the other to his mouth, muffling his soft gasp as Castiel explores his length with warm, gentle fingertips.
Dean’s face.
“Oh, uh— Sorry, I just—” Dean withdraws his hand. “Lemme torch these” — he gestures at the bloodstained paper towels — “and we can go.”
A muscle in Dean’s jaw flexes. He tears a large square of soft paper towel, leaning forward on his stool in front of Castiel. “Close your eyes.”
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, at once a discovery and a revelation, hot and damp in the small space separating their lips.
— before returning. Sam finds himself absolutely endeared by the idea of Dean pressing his phone to his chest, protective, as he squeezes by someone in a store aisle, shopping basket handles tucked into the bend of his elbow.
Huh, there’s a thought. Dean continues running his toothbrush in circles over his teeth, opening his mouth to scrub at his bottom molars. He’s zoning out, barely seeing his own disheveled reflection staring back in the mirror, so he doesn’t see Castiel padding into the bathroom.
He doesn’t know if Dean had chosen the floor because he wanted to remain unobtrusive while Castiel was acting prickly and unpleasant or if he simply prefered it, but even if the floor is cushioned as well as the plush bench like seating that stretched around the whole perimeter of the space, Castiel simply couldn’t accept allowing Dean to stay on the floor at his feet like a dog.
“Cas! Hey,
Dean sighs in return, a growl catching in the back of his throat when Castiel gently bats his hand away. “Cas.”
“Um— Yeah. Sorry for…” Sam grimaces. “All that. Dean’s the only one that’s ever here, my brain just— Assumed the worst, I guess.”
‘em at first.” Oddly enough, he can’t bring himself to be angry.
Oh, hell no. If there’s one thing he would lay down his life for…
Releasing Dean with an apologetic kiss, Castiel reaches over to retrieve the bottle of lube from the nightstand. Dean — beautiful, lovely Dean — lets his legs fall open around Castiel’s knees, his blush dusting his freckled cheeks a rosy pink.
Castiel smiles, slow and warm as melting chocolate. He slips off the windowsill, sauntering to the bed with feline grace.
“I’ve been… busy, and this has been allowed for far too long.” John flicks the quickest of glances in Castiel’s direction before making eye contact with Dean. “I do hope you haven’t gone and done anything as idiotic as becoming
Girls watching the scene scream, and boys flinch. Everyone collectively holds their breath as they wait for the reaction.
"These are wonderful," Castiel mumbles around a mouthful of melted chocolate, marshmallow, and cracker. When he swallows, Dean's mind fills with static like one of the useless ancient televisions from cheap motel rooms, struggling to find a signal.
“Please?” The man gasps and grins, delighted, when Dean gets to his feet. “That’s it! Come here, please?”
“Gimme a minute.” He waits until he sees Castiel nod before padding to the bathroom.
[26.08.20]
“Wait— Dean!” Castiel has a folded piece of paper clutched between his thumb and index finger. He slowly extends his hand, holding it out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey,” Dean soothes, “where’re you goin’ in such a hurry?”
Dean tries to think in Castiel’s direction.
“Hey Dean.”
“Whoa,” Dean gasps. “Real shame, all this time I’ve spent not hearing your voice.” His words hit his brain only after he sees a lovely pink blooming over Castiel’s cheeks. Where the hell did his brain to mouth filter go?
Despite the greater part of his mind warning him of possible danger, Sam’s curiosity wins and he hesitantly pads forward, heart picking up speed in his chest. Mostly hidden behind a wall, he pokes his head out enough to see.
and nearly a professional at turning down people, Dean has often found it unbearable to have some many battling for his attention, all because of his name. Any sane person would rather go into hiding and never come out.
That night, Dean dreams of dozing off under the tree, colourful song birds chirping their exuberant songs as they dart between the green leaves.
He doesn’t say goodbye.
He remembers having witnessed Dean’s grief and frustration and desperation manifest itself as explosive anger. The way all of his repressed negative emotions came flooding forth like a dam had broken, channelled straight into physical violence.
Tossing his unfinished paper crane into the pile, Dean stands. “Cas.”
Castiel sits back to stare at Dean, the delicate area around his eyes puffy from crying. His expression is unreadable when he reaches out, dragging a gentle thumb through the damp tracks streaking down Dean’s cheek.
“No,” Dean repeats, stern. “There is never a bad time to ask, you understand? Just so happens that Sammy sprung the family meeting on me this morning. Nothin’ major; nobody’s gonna be mad if I reschedule.”
He rests, eyes closed, for a stretch of time he doesn’t care enough to track. No one approaches him, though Dean does catch wind of a few conversations discussing how pretty his fur is and if he might be someone’s familiar— some even debate the idea of him being a dog belonging to the unidentified shop owner, watching over the shop. Dean pays no heed to the gossip, content to float aimlessly along the peaceful waters of relaxation.
Nobody forces Castiel to get into the box. In fact, every single person he loves tells him not to.
It isn't any different from the time he spent as an angel with no definite lifespan.
By the time his headache recedes completely, it’s dark. He has a lighter in his pocket, but he doesn’t bother. There isn’t much to do at night, anyway; better to lay low and take the extra time to rest.
Sam had said.
“C’mere,” Dean grumbles, closing a hand around Castiel’s tie again to yank him close for a rough kiss that only escalates as Dean gasps into Castiel’s mouth, scrabbling at his trench coat and suit jacket until Castiel starts removing them for Dean.
Dean’s standing a few paces inside the room, a nervous smile tugging at the corners of his lips. As Castiel gapes, mute, Dean shifts his gaze to a spot above Castiel’s head, sinking his teeth into his bottom lip.
Castiel places his hand in Dean’s and Dean helps pull him to his feet, tugging Castiel close with an arm over his shoulders as they make their way to the bedroom. Dean sends a flicker of magic back down the stairs to lock the front door, handing Castiel a box of tissues and pushing him towards their bed.
He doesn’t mean to.
keep track; sometimes he's so drunk, he can't tell if the sun is up or not.
He’d seen everything: how the girl had been walking quietly with her tray of food, how the group of bullies had swaggered around like they owned the place and bumped into the girl, how her soup had sloshed from the impact onto the leader’s shirt, how they’d backed her into a corner and not a single person around had lifted a finger to help. No one messes with Gordon and his gang. They’re known for their violence; Gordon’s right hand man (and familiar) is a massive griffin, and in a place of mostly common animal familiars, they hold imposing power. Unfortunately, nobody would risk their own hide for a weak and unclaimed familiar in a battle with no chances of victory.
“Cas. Sweetheart, look at me.”
The room is still for a long minute. Tiny dust particles dance in brilliant beams of sunlight, television mumbling in the background.
Wow this is SOFT
despite how much he’s been used like he’s only a tool. Cas, always willing to bleed for reasons he shouldn’t need to be spilling his own blood for, always there with just a call. Cas, who laid waste to his own wings to save a damned man.
The dark head turns, and
Inhaling the distinct copper scent of blood, so thick in the air, he could practically taste it coating his tongue in deep crimson.
It isn’t Dean’s fault. And Castiel also can’t bring himself to tell him about any of it, because he knows Dean — the idiot — would gladly work himself to the bone for Castiel’s sake. If there was anything absolutely essential to the creation of the man known as Dean Winchester, it would be his altruism.
Angst...
Someone’s been killing his plants. It starts with a massive area of total annihilation, decreasing in size, until it gradually becomes only a patch of ailing grains, wilted and sad. Although he is capable of bringing the plants that are still alive back to perfect health with a single touch, Dean is rather curious about the mysterious situation.
He runs and runs and runs, panting into the headwind with an open mouth. Plants and dirt give way to pavement, and Dean continues racing down the streets until his lungs are struggling to pull in enough air against his heaving exhales. Only then does he allow himself to walk, tongue lolling out of his mouth and tail swishing lazily through the air.
Curling his tail in a protective half circle around Dean, Castiel opens his mouth to reveal rows of the largest and sharpest teeth Dean has ever seen. He rests the end of his tail over Dean’s thighs — it’s a surprisingly reassuring weight — and steps forward with a snarl.
Dean flinches back, startled.
Dean twists carefully in the little space he has, rearing up on his hind paws to leap and transform in midair, clearing the flames easily with human legs. He lands next to the man he’s befriended in the past few months — he’s right, those eyes are devastatingly blue with sight not limited to just a few colours — through letters and as a dog, pivoting smoothly to face off against the intruder.
The air trapped in the box with Castiel loses its usefulness within mere minutes, replaced by exhaled carbon dioxide as the oxygen is greedily gobbled by the cells in Castiel’s body.
It sounds an awful lot like
But Castiel can’t bring himself to argue.
“Worth a shot,” Castiel murmured, turning onto his back and smiling sweetly up at Dean.
permission to frolic in his field.)
Dean only smiles, a touch more genuine, like he’s glad Castiel’s there. But Castiel’s
Castiel doesn’t reply.
It’s been nearly a month; Dean
Castiel corrects himself, and it hurts something terrible — always find him, give him purpose. But Dean is gone.
Dean drops Castiel’s wrist so quickly, their knuckles knock together,
“Cas—”
“You would never hurt me,” Dean turns back to tease, cradling Castiel’s face between his hands. “No, you wouldn’t.”
He doesn't know how long it's been.
[11.08.20]
If Dean could, he would laugh;
He doesn’t look up, afraid to see… Afraid to see what? Certainly not pity, for Castiel would never pity him. Perhaps he foolishly thought, if he didn’t meet them with his own, those eyes couldn’t see into him.
Good thing all Castiel has is time.
Castiel sleeps.
And precisely because Dean Winchester is pretty much as smooth as crunchy peanut butter, he’s just about holding his breath — burger forgotten in front of him — while Castiel takes his first, delicate nibble of ice cream. Because
Four days.
Around him rifle and semi automatic gunfire rages on, ringing loud and startling in his ears, many times faster and more destructive than the singular handgun he’d brought.
not because they belong to something far holier than someone as filthy as he should ever have the luck of meeting. No, not any of it. Because those hands belong to
It’s beautiful in a cruel way. Uneven in places, roughly welded together for purpose over design, sigils and symbols carefully carved with a steady hand. It’s beautiful — like a rattlesnake — and built by Dean’s hands and it’s Castiel’s coffin.
but he does fall a few times, nearly knocking the breath out of his own lungs whenever he trips on a motionless dead body or slips on something or gets bowled over by the occasional aggressive Croat that manages to catch him off guard. Each time he peels himself off the floor his increasingly battered body protests, pain flaring blindingly bright like fireworks through his nerves. He already knows he’s going to bruise all the multiple colours of the damn rainbow; why are human bodies so
Dean pants against Castiel’s lips when finally gets his hands on Castiel’s bare torso.
“Dean,” Castiel gasps, turning around so quickly his head spins. “Where have you been—” He blinks, frowning. “Dean. What happened?”
Castiel laughs. “Well, I figured it wasn’t fair that you’ve seen my place a thousand times and I have yet to see yours.”
When Dean makes his way back to his room, he has a silent shadow. Somehow, somewhere, he’d lost the beer. But that’s alright; there’s enough sitting in his stomach to make him looser, more careless. “Why’d you follow me.”
Well, noon is actually a solid half hour away, but who’s counting, right? He’s already spent too many hours away from Dean.
It’s the worst hangover he’s ever had. Arguably, it’s Castiel’s first hangover and of course it has to be an extreme of epic proportions, but that’s not the point.
“Don’t…” Castiel doesn’t protest, so Dean leaves his hand where it is, a childish part of him marvelling at the smooth scales under his fingers. “Don’t eat him.”
It would be easy for him to get out.
The breath Dean didn’t know he’d been holding, waiting for Castiel’s verdict, exits him in a long exhale. “It’s good? Not too many molecules?”
Dean can’t say. If he were to open his mouth, the dam would break.
“Dinner,” Dean says. Then, “Today.”
“Mm, okay.” Dean grabs the bowl of potatoes Castiel had chopped, spreading the wedges on a baking tray. He drizzles them with olive oil, liberally scattering his own blend of spices. A bit of salt, and then they go into the oven—
Low threatening growl rumbling continuously in his chest, Castiel stalks forward. Dean retreats with his palms out, slowly giving up ground. He doesn’t want to make Castiel angrier, but he also needs to stall long enough for John to flee.
Brain to mouth filter? Dean doesn’t need it. He’ll gladly say all his sappy, embarrassing thoughts if it’ll bring Castiel a bit of happiness.
Castiel bumps his hip and shoulder against Dean’s, a silent request for him to move over, and Dean nearly chokes on his toothbrush. Of course he scoots to give Castiel access to the sink, but what the hell? Castiel never gets up this early — Dean has to bring him coffee in bed before Castiel even entertains the idea of getting up.
Dean’s arm is falling asleep under his weight, so he lies back down.
“No—” Castiel whimpers.
the soldier days and the Croats don’t stand a chance; they attack based purely on animal instinct, stupid and primitive in comparison to the cold calculating brilliance of the angels he used to battle and lead his Garrison against.
“You’re my familiar, alright?” Dean tosses the towel to the floor, cradling Castiel’s face between his hands. “Novak or not, I’d rather have you.”
Although he’s disappointed he couldn’t witness just-rolled-out-of-bed Dean puttering around in his kitchen, Castiel's positive he wouldn’t be able to go back to his usual mornings once he’s had one with Dean; just imagining Dean saying
It’s the first time Castiel cries, sobbing so hard he can hardly breathe, and he doesn’t care that Lucifer is there to witness him tearing apart at the seams.
Castiel dislodges Dean’s hand as tenderly as he could, turning it over in his own to press a lingering kiss to the palm before lowering Dean’s hand to the bed like the most fragile of glass. Dean whimpers a quiet, desperate sound when Castiel steps away from the bed; Castiel nearly takes a tumble in his haste to step out of his dress pants and stagger over to the desk at the same time, tripping over his belt as he attempts to toe off his socks while he’s moving forward. Finally scooping up his laptop, he hurries back.
“Sam?”
It sounds wonderful.
he doesn’t say. He also doesn’t look at Castiel, but a warm hand on the side of his face stops him in the act of scooting out the car. Dean closes his eyes against the cool rush of grace easing the ache in his jaw.
After what seems like years, he yanked his blade out of the last one, straightening up to deafening silence and bodies strewn all over the floor. He pivots on his heel, glancing around
When Castiel reluctantly — right, humans need to breathe — pulls back, Dean’s mouth is swollen and slick, his pupils blown wide. He blinks slowly, dazed, and slips half an inch down the wall before Castiel catches him by the thighs, lifting enough to encourage Dean’s legs to wrap around his waist.
Castiel, to Dean’s inevitable relief, seems to understand the urgency of the situation. The angel — on his knees, dark head bowed to a man — licks his lips, opens his mouth, and takes Dean in one smooth, hot slide.
Castiel slowly opens his eyes. Deep blue nearly swallows the black of his pupils; the instant he focuses on Dean’s face, they dilate — like a cat seeing something they like — so quickly Dean wonders if he’d been mistaken.
Dean had attempted as a justification, but Castiel had none of it. Arguing against a dragon seemed pointless, so Dean had given in. Riding a dragon is every bit as cool as he’d thought it would be; all the wide eyed amazement from other students of the academy is definitely a welcome bonus.
Dean growls, dragging his blunt nails down between the wings of Castiel’s shoulder blades.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean very nearly has his knees buckle beneath him. The slap of his palm against the sink counter startles their gazes into meeting, cheeks flushed hot and pupils blown, until Castiel glances away to drag a curious tongue over his hand.
crap here, alright? Dragons are awesome, you are awesome— All I ask: you be you. ‘sides, I bet your smile is just as beautiful as your voice, and I can’t let that go unwitnessed.”
Before he could realize where his legs have brought him, Dean’s padding up to the door of the only magic shop he knows. It’s far too late to turn around without being suspicious, so he faithfully plays the part of curious dog and sniffs about before pushing his nose against the door; it swings open with the barest whisper of a sound, welcoming Dean in.
“Cas.”
Castiel shivers, climbing into the Jeep.
Narrowed eyes blink slowly, warm glow of the sun reflected in deep endless blue. Abruptly, Castiel jerks his head up toward Dean’s hand; Sam yelps in alarm, bolting upright. Dean doesn’t flinch, doesn’t so much as move a muscle.
if that doesn’t make Dean want to kneel at his feet. “You’re hurting,” he says, softer, almost pleading, “I can fix that.”
Castiel pauses, turning his head enough to fix one blue eye on Dean. He blinks and somehow manages to look concerned, as if he was only just noticing how he’d instinctively prevented Dean from sprawling over the floor.
He’s tired. So tired.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, completely unfazed by Dean’s weight. His hands still on Dean’s waist, he grinds forward, smiling faintly when Dean tips his head back with a helpless groan.
Dean huffs — the flight of stairs is short and not even close enough to have him winded, but the idea of Castiel in danger punches all the air from his chest — and drags half a breath into his lungs to snap, “Enough!”
Nothing will change if he stays still.
[04.09.20]
I’ll be here.
The door is blocked; someone stands in his way. He looks at Castiel with wet eyes and gasps a broken
“So you’re the one killin’ my plants,” Dean says, brushing his fingers through the wilting grains as he approaches the man. At his touch, the golden colour returns to the plants and they straighten, standing tall as they wave gently in the breeze. “Son of Hades?”
Castiel, never one to be outdone, snakes one of his own hands down just as Dean’s about to sink to his knees. Gasping, Dean knocks his forehead against Castiel’s, hips bucking forward against the firm warmth of Castiel’s palm.
Castiel drags a hand down his face. Feels the beard he's starting to sport, no longer anything near the controlled stubble he'd previously maintained.
“It’s nice to feel wanted,” Castiel says, low.
(See the end of the chapter for
No one stops Castiel from walking through the halls of his home one last time. No one stops Castiel from resting a hand on the beloved car and silently implores her to take care of two brothers. No one stops Castiel.
Castiel isn’t nobody.
"Take it off," Dean says, tugging Castiel's tie slightly looser around his neck before using it to pull him forward.
“Sam.” Castiel sits up — cheeks flushed a light pink and dark hair a ruffled mess — to pull Sam into a hug. “Apologies if I’d startled you earlier.”
It isn’t a bad plan.
Dean doesn’t give him a response. Worry threatens to drown Castiel in its depths.
Shurley. He should’ve known. The little details he’s learned about Castiel start falling into place: a missing deadbeat father, an insane and brutal mother. How did he not realize it sooner? Rare creatures of legend — especially dragons and phoenix — are extremely rare and run in bloodlines.
already infected and turned into Croats.
“But—”
Dean’s mouth drops open. There’s something alarmingly close to tears in his wide eyes. He closes his mouth again, a muscle jumping in his jaw, and swallows hard before he speaks. “I’m fine.”
Castiel had never really understood the point. Perhaps it was an instinctively human selfish desire to balance give and take; eye for an eye, breaking something outside for something breaking inside.
Dean growls, bucking up against Castiel.
Breathing or having a heartbeat is never a necessity for Castiel. But it had given Castiel a strange sense of comfort, allowing those functions to run their course.
When they tumble over the precipice of pleasure, Castiel spilling first between his fingers with a low moan that will haunt Dean for
those
there’s the faintest hint of his nail, pressing just enough to ease the slightly uncomfortable tickling sensation.
“Okay.” Dean’s voice is barely above a whisper. “Okay,” he repeats, almost to himself, eyes trained on his shoes, and Castiel can’t help but curl his fingers around Dean’s wrist to guide him forward.
over a kiss.
“Dean?”
Smiling faintly, Dean leans into the touch. Castiel raises his other hand to hold Dean’s face, surging forward to press their mouths together. He nips at Dean’s bottom lip with his sharp canines, greedily swallowing Dean’s startled yelp.
Dean pads into the kitchen — footsteps muffled by warm slippers — and makes a beeline for the fridge, intent on getting himself a nice, cold beer. He nearly drops the damn thing when he turns around and spots Castiel sitting at the table, hands curved around a steaming mug of coffee.
Dean shakes his head, releasing Castiel to stumble away and turn his back. “Get out.” He waits for the door to open, waits for the rustle of wings... Waits for Castiel to leave.
Unable to do more than accept what Castiel gave him, Dean buries his face in the crook of Castiel’s other elbow. With every thrust, his breathing hitches on tiny not-quite-sobs, mouth open as he pants wetly against the swell of Castiel’s bicep.
He hasn’t had enough alcohol to make him truly fearless and uncaring of consequences, but it’s been months of watching from afar, and Dean’s had enough. Even if it’s going to be the only one he’ll ever get, he still closes the distance between them and grabs Castiel’s tie— Still tugs Castiel forward to meet him in the middle, still presses the
Castiel hops gracefully off the sofa to land in the nest of blankets and cushions on the floor, squeezing in between Sam and Dean, who had been seated shoulder to shoulder watching television. His tail slaps Sam in the face when he flops down onto his stomach to place his head on one of Dean’s thighs and push a paw against the other, kneading gently.
Dean turns, brows furrowed in a frown. “What—”
Wing fic, drunk Dean
Doesn’t this idiot know to let sleeping dogs lie?
Sam Winchester
Under strict orders thick with an underlying current of panic and desperation, he stayed behind in his cabin for most missions like a dutiful housewife waiting for their husband to return, burying himself in women and drugs to distract from the knowledge that any single one of the missions may easily go wrong. Thankfully none of them had, and this is practically the first action he’s seen in a
“I’ll call in sick,” Castiel murmurs, only half to himself; the instant he moves to leave the room with his cellphone, a hand catches his wrist.
Smiling, Dean picks up his change and deposits it right back into the bowl.
Dean is strong. He doesn’t need no witch. Sure, he had been a little jealous when Sam had told him about finding Jessica by nearly bowling the poor thing over on the street. Sure, he’s a little jealous when he sees them grinning like absolute fools around each other, their magic entwined in a breathtaking harmony, two pieces of a puzzle joined to create a bigger picture together. And yeah, some days Dean will stop and wonder how it would feel to share his magic with another, to wake up in someone’s arms. But he’s made his peace with being alone, because believe it or not, a puzzle piece is still whole and complete on its own.
[23.09.20]
had fired through her head.
“I’m sorry, please—”
It feels like he’d died for a period of time and was forcefully dragged back into the realm of the living against his will.
Castiel’s eyes are still stubbornly closed and his hair is an absolute mess on his head and Dean wants to kiss him. God, how he wants.
But to have an empty one for days?
idk why but I really like the idea of conversation pits in homes
It had always caused an ache in his heart, seeing the once beloved vehicle abandoned and left to the elements in an overgrown corner of the camp.
— and Castiel shakes apart with a tiny, shocked sound. Dean takes his time licking Castiel clean, zipping up his fly and buckling his belt with great care.
Closing his book, Castiel looks up with the intention of finding Dean, but the space around him is empty. Confused and a little worried, Castiel stands, turning in place to scan every corner of the room.
Once, Castiel had stood by and watched for millennia as the world and humans were created, but now… Patience does not seem to come as easily.
Castiel glances up to meet Dean’s gaze.
Castiel slides a hand up Dean’s neck, digging fingers into the bolt of his jaw until Dean’s head falls back. Thick lashes flutter over glazed eyes, jewel bright green ringing dark, blown pupils. Castiel tilts his hips higher, leaning forward to swallow the thin whine from Dean’s mouth like ambrosia of the gods.
With a sharp bark, Dean butts his head against the man’s leg. He receives a short helpless sort of laugh and raises a paw to bat insistently against the leg until the laugh melts into something closer to joy.
Blue eyes blink slowly, dilated back to human levels.
Ever since the weekend, the stormy clouds have disappeared from the skies, leaving behind an endless expanse of bright baby blue and a relentlessly glowing sun. summer is back in all of its blinding sunlit glory, bringing with it Dean’s instinctive desire to wag his tail and go out for a walk. He’d been holding back for the past week or so because he hated smelling like wet dog — and the mournful atmosphere outside hasn’t been entirely motivating, either — but now he wants to run with the birds flying over his head until his legs give out.
for Castiel?
“I said—” Dean jogs forward, changing forms midstep to barrel into Sam with his whole weight, rolling him off Castiel to sprawl onto the floor in a heap. He squeezes his jaw closed around the back of Sam’s neck, pressing until Sam goes limp, whining a high sound of surrender. His point made, Dean immediately releases Sam, sitting back on his haunches and returning to human form to finish his sentence. “—that’s enough.”
Dean muses as he wanders behind one of the academy’s older buildings, trudging along one of the unused and overgrown paths as a shortcut.
Castiel hums again. “I did.”
“Yeah, I keep tellin’ him to get it cut— He never does. Dunno how he deals with that on his head all the time. Nice touch with the gift, by the way.”
in a pot — and he has to balance it against his leg and chest in order to get under it, folded into a crouch on the front porch.
They might even find him, holed up in this abandoned camp, so drunk he probably couldn't defend himself even if he tried.
Castiel doesn’t say.
“C’mon, Sunshine. Let’s get you some coffee before you get all grumpy.”
“Alright, break it up,” Dean calls as he stumbles down the last two steps.
Thighs trembling, Dean sinks his teeth into his palm, arching his back and choking on a cut off groan when Castiel swallows, his throat squeezing around Dean. No gag reflex at all,
“If it’s not a good time, I could always—”
When it’s over — so fast, too fast — and rejection stabs at Dean’s heart, he breathes a shaky exhale and bows his head, furiously blinking back tears. He isn’t gonna cry, okay? Dean Winchester ain’t weak enough to
By the time he's completing the little twirl, Dean's all up in his space, fingers curling around the knot of his tie.
back when he was still an angel.
“Okay,” Castiel murmurs.
Despite not actually needing to breathe, Castiel’s breaths sink heavy as Dean slowly bobs his head, giving himself time to adjust to Castiel’s length on his tongue. Castiel’s thigh tenses under Dean’s hand when Dean eases himself lower, sinking just shy of gagging.
Dean slips his arms in between to wrap them around Castiel from behind, pressing a lingering kiss to the base of Castiel’s neck. Languid and careless, Castiel tips his head back to lean on Dean’s shoulder.
It’s not too bad
John’s mouth curls in a cruel imitation of a smile. The damn bastard’s
