It doesn’t take much, a few strokes of Castiel’s hand while he keeps on hitting that spot deep inside him and Dean falls apart.
He pops the trunk and fishes out two beers before walking back around to the hood and letting himself drop onto it.
Cas goes still and stares at him, though his eyes have gone unfocused. He looks completely overwhelmed, like not even in his wildest dreams he let himself believe that he could have Dean at all, let alone that there would be
He can’t tell Cas all of that right now, he’s not even sure he’ll ever find the words at all, so he tries to put it all in his kiss, wanting Cas to know that this isn’t going away. Cas can have this.
“Fuck.” A stream of breathless expletives leaves Dean’s mouth without ever passing his brain while Cas keeps up his ministration and works him open with first one and then two fingers.
The man across from him levelled him with a stern look. “You don’t understand. There is more at stake here than just your life.”
Cas sighs and engages the safety on the gun, putting it down on the counter. “I know. But I feel like I need to be useful, for my own sake if nothing else.”
“Yeah great idea, Sammy.” Dean says with a heavy dose of sarcasm. “And who’s gonna look after Cas? He’s been human how long now? A week? There’s still a lot he needs to figure out.”
A lazy smile stretches across Dean’s lips. “I gotta say, that was even better than what I had originally planned for the afternoon.”
“Yeah, right.” Dean snorted. “And why would an angel give a damn about what I do with my soul?” It wasn’t like any higher power had ever taken any interest in Dean whatsoever, surely not to help him in any way at least.
That seems to gear Cas into action again, Dean’s desires always more important to him than his own, even as tangled and overlapping as they are right now. “Yes.
Dean realizes his mistake too late. The fun and laughter of before have lulled him into a false sense of ease. Dean’s done this sort of thing before of course. Teaching some less experienced hunters a few tricks, in some cases even showing civilians how to defend themselves against the monster that’s after them if he couldn’t be sure he and Sam would be able to guard them the whole time; and yes, he’s also picked up a few one-night-stands that way, playing the cool FBI agent who lets the curious girl have a go at his gun even if it’s completely against protocol.
to keep hunting because he truly believes that he makes the world a better place. And Sam came to the same conclusion and Dean knows that even if he and Eileen will find their way towards each other now, Eileen is going to stay in the business as well.
Now as Dean turns back around he looks at the road beyond the wind shield again. The new world is stretching out in front of them and Dean wonders what he will do with all this freedom, all this possibility.
Eventually the box is empty. They probably should clean up the mess they made of the shooting range before Sam comes back but for now Dean decides it can wait. He smiles brightly at Cas again.
There are no sparks flying as their lips finally meet, and thankfully no heavenly choir starts singing either. It’s nothing more, and nothing less than an almost unsure push and pull as they figure out this new way to fit together.
“What, before you up and left me?” Dean regrets the words as soon as they leave his mouth. It’s like it always been, whenever Dean feels too raw and vulnerable he will eventually fall back on frustration and anger. And the truth is that underneath all the hurt and grief Dean
He watched almost hypnotized as the blue strip of fabric fell towards the ground eventually and Cas started unbuttoning his dress shirt. Licking his lips, Dean curled his hands around Cas’ hips, pulling him a bit closer and then popping the button of his trousers. The zipper followed and Dean pushed Castiel’s trousers down the angel’s legs as far as he could reach from his sitting position on the bed.
Cas sat himself on the bed and pulled Dean into a tight embrace, tucking Dean's face into his neck. Dean let the emotions come forward then. He hugged Cas back, desperate to feel a body near him that wasn't trying to destroy him.
But he couldn't have that. Dean knew better. If there was anything his life had taught him, it was that he couldn't ever be completely happy, and he sure as hell couldn't hold a successful relationship. Cas, no matter how old or wise or handsome, wouldn't be the exception to that rule.
They’ve been friends ever since. They had late night study sessions during their first year when they were only an elevator ride away from each other’s dorm rooms. Their first college summer was mostly spent at the Biggerson’s just off SCAD’s campus where Cas served tables; Dean would come in to bother him, drink coffee, and take advantage of the free WiFi. They found an apartment they could barely afford just south of the metro area and moved in a week before the new school year started. They still have that same apartment.
There’s movement on the bed. Fuck, of course, he probably found some broad and wanted to get her alone and checked in to some dingy room for the night when he should have been spending time with his brother and . . . best friend. Who he wanted to talk to about not being best friends anymore.
It took him a while, but eventually he calmed down. Cas laid him back over his pillow and pulled the covers up over his chest. As he stood to leave, Dean caught him by the wrist and asked him to stay. Cas silently crawled into bed. Cas kept his distance, probably not wanting to overstep his bounds. So Dean scooted closer to him and draped an arm across his waist.
Since Dean can’t take a compliment to save his life, he shrugs it off. “I was just trying to be a good friend. You did the same for me when Lisa and I broke up.”
Dean does as he’s told and goes back to Cas to kiss him again. This time it’s just above Cas’s right eyebrow. They go on like this a handful more times, until Cas has lipstick stains across his entire face. Each time feels like the first, and Dean has a harder and harder time removing his lips from Cas’s skin as they progress through the photos. Cas doesn’t seem to be as phased--he sits right down and assumes his pose. In each and every picture, Cas mostly just looks sad.
Dean had grumbled about it for a few days, but it was just what he needed. He couldn’t mope around forever and fall into a pit of alcoholism just because his year-long girlfriend finally got fed up with his shit. Cas spent extra time with him that month, changing his schedule and cancelling plans to hang out or do homework in the same room as him, occasionally reaching out to lay a hand on Dean’s shoulder or knocking their feet together to remind him that he wasn’t alone. It helped tremendously.
Dean looks back up at Cas. If he’s going to insist, who is Dean to tell him no? “Alright, asshole, I’ll do it. But you owe me.”
Cas must see the uncertainty in Dean’s expression because he continues with, “Come on, Dean, we’re graduating next semester, we’re practically professionals. Are you really going to be embarrassed about a little lipstick when you could be filming HBO sex scenes a year from now?”
“I remember when that dickhead Balth slept with that web designer. You didn’t leave the house for a week.”
There was just something about Cas that set him apart from Dean’s other friends. It might have to do with how passionate Cas was about his classes and major; since sixth grade, he’s known that he would grow up to be a photographer for
Dean chuckles low under his breath. “Yeah, I remember. I had to force you into the shower and then we went out for burgers.”
They haven't had a case in almost two weeks. Dean can't remember the last time the world had been so quiet, so forgiving. He still looked for strange deaths or omens on the web daily, and was strangely relieved every time nothing pressing came up. A part of him wanted a case because hunting is his normal, but part of him enjoyed the peace that came with just lazing around the bunker, pulling pranks on Sam, and giving life tips to freshly-human Castiel.
Maybe he could get used to it. Maybe he could learn to enjoy it without being afraid that Cas might pull away. Maybe he could let himself have this one nice thing.
Which is where Cas found him one night, lounging in his room, beer in hand, Star Trek: The Undiscovered Country on his TV screen. He simply tilted his head in confusion, asked Dean what he was watching, and then squinted his eyes at the answer.
When Cas smiles broadly, Dean sneaks in another picture. The shutter of the lense gives him away, but Cas doesn’t mention it.
Free time was getting harder to fill up, but he found his ways. His pranks on Sam became more elaborate, he drank more, and he began watching movies a little more often. It was nice to be able to kick back and relax to some Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter.
“Mission accomplished, I guess,” Dean awkwardly chuckles. He rubs at the back of his neck. “If it were up to me, I’d say let’s just stay married. But that’s just what I want. What do you want, Cas?”
Cas shouts back from the opposite side of the apartment where their bedrooms are. Dean finds Cas in his room, furniture pushed away from one wall and replaced with Cas’s favorite reading chair from the living room (that old, forest-green armchair that Cas found at an antique store on the Savannah River that Dean verbally hated, but secretly used when Cas wasn’t around because it’s about the most comfortable thing in the world), and a camera set up on a tripod facing the chair. Cas is wearing that white button down that looks especially good against the tan he got over the summer, the one that matches Dean’s after they spent several long days on Tybee Island right before their senior year started.
Dean turns to find Cas’s mirror hung up with his portfolio. Photos are hung, tacked, and taped up from vacations, day trips, school projects, and family holidays. Dean is up there a few times: laughing on the opposite side of the table from Cas at Biggerson’s, a selfie of the two of them under the unflattering flash of a smartphone in a dark movie theater, the only good shot Cas got of Dean that day on the river walk, Dean asleep on the couch with a book folded up in his arms like a teddy bear.
“So, what’s the project?” Dean asks, handing over the box of Raisinets. He curses at himself for forgetting to get a snack of his own while he was out.
Dean, unable to speak another word, stood there like a concrete statue while Cas pulled away from him and grabbed a mug from the cupboard. He turned his back on Dean and waited in front of the coffee pot for it to finish so he could pour a cup for himself. It wasn't until he smelled his eggs starting to burn that he drew his attention back to his task at hand and lifted the pan from the burner. His cheeks were probably hotter than the eggs.
"Morning, Cas," Dean greeted. "Today we have a variety of bacon, coffee, eggs, and I'm about to start making waffles. Did you want any orange juice or frui—"
Cas was also a bitter morning person who quickly got addicted to caffeine. He would wake up, slump into the kitchen, and start brewing a pot before Dean or Sam rose for the day. Usually he'd have half of it drunk already before the brothers wandered into the common area. A few times, Dean caught him before he started drinking and he would pinch the bridge of his nose and tell Dean to shut up until he'd finished at least one mug.
“They certainly weren’t good. After being cheated on, left for someone else, and dumped over text, I don’t exactly have fond memories of most of these people.”
Everything in Dean wanted to lean over, capture Cas's face in his hands, and kiss him breathless. He wanted to make him breakfast every morning. He wanted to drive with Cas in the front seat while he held his hand. Wanted to wrap them up in the blankets and not emerge for days.
Dean took the opportunity (as any other sane human being would) to gaze upon him. Him, with his dark hair and blue yes and five o'clock shadow. Him, holding a piece of popcorn in limbo half way to his mouth as he watched the movie, too absorbed in the events to remember to eat his snack. Him, sipping from his beer, Adam's apple bobbing ever so slightly when he swallowed.
Cas looks back at Dean, eyes wide, and holds up his left hand. A thin silver band is attached to his ring finger.
When he pulls away, he knows he’s blushing, but he has no way of hiding it, so he just smiles and says, “That’s a good color for you.”
reason why he should be on a lumpy bed with scratchy sheets and listening to an AC cough and whir out half-warm air.
That was Cas's voice. Cas was there. Cas, his friend, was pulling him out of Hell again. He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and then opened them, slightly more adjusted to the dark.
Dean’s grunts turned into actual answers after a few days. He still couldn't hold a whole conversion, but he started meeting Cas’s eyes. Sometimes he would look down at the ring Cas hadn’t taken off yet.
He could make out Cas's features, just barely. He let go of his shirt and felt his cheek, a little scratchy and 100% not a demon.
Cas didn't go into his room. Instead, he turned to look at Dean, but didn't say anything. He opened his mouth like he wanted to, but shut it just as quickly.
Like today. He was there, coffee brewing, stirring a pan full of eggs while bacon sizzled in the oven, when Cas shuffled in, still wearing his t-shirt and flannel pajama bottoms. His hair was mussed, a little longer than usual, and starting to curl at the nape of his neck. Dean had the sudden urge to twist a lock around his fingers. He gripped the spatula tighter instead.
Dean was never destined to be a model, but Cas looks just as good in photos as he does in real life. He knows exactly how to position himself, which light to use, how his face should look. He could model, if he ever wanted. Dean asked him if he would star in a short film Dean had to film, but Cas just laughed and said if he wanted to act he would have gone into performing arts.
“Cas?” The light is becoming a little more bearable but his sight is blurry. The blanket is black as the night and Dean spots Cas’s dark head of hair poking out from under it. “What the hell happened last night?”
Cas tilts his head. He was under the impression that ‘happy accidents’ are what people call their unplanned pregnancies.
Cas was definitely making more contact with Dean than necessary. Throughout the day, he used every opportunity to touch Dean in one way or another, from patting his shoulder to guiding him out of the way with a gentle push to his back to straight up resting his hand over Dean's knee and sitting close enough that their thighs touched when they sat on the couch for a movie. Dean didn't fight it. He even gave in a little at the end of their evening by putting an arm around Cas's shoulders. Cas, in turn, leaned in even further to Dean's side.
Cas pulls himself up and sits at the edge of the bed, his wings folding up and around his body like he’s trying to hide. His wings are massive, no doubt they could take up the entire room if he spread them out. Still, he looks so small and fragile.
And that’s what led Dean to living with the guy for going on three years, to spending entire days dedicated to showing Cas his favorite movies and shows, to picking up dark chocolate Raisinets on his way home from school, to walking into their apartment and calling out Cas’s name just like Ricky Ricardo.
He lets loose, practically wheezing at the state of Cas’s face. Dean’s must look similar, because Cas erupts into laughter too and they both sink into each other, bodies convulsing in their arms.
So he waited. He was patient and kind whenever he saw Dean. He spent a lot of time in the kitchen and library because Dean was bound to pass through one of those rooms at least daily. Instead of talking about what happened, he asked Dean how he slept, if he was having a good day, what he was cooking.
Cas sobers up and looks at Dean. His expression is soft, something closer to adoration than anything else. Dean wonders if he’s just amused  by the makeup.
"Morning," Dean echoed, flipping another crepe in the pan. It was meant to be for him, but he decided that now Cas was up and around, Dean would give it to him.
. Dean did not want to tell Cas while he was drunk for many reasons, but this one being numero uno. He doesn’t know what he said or how Cas responded or what was decided.
He shouldn’t, but he pulls his hand away from his eyes to peak one open. Lo and behold, Cas is also wearing a birthday suit. Mostly everything is hidden, save for the curve of his ass. He’s a belly sleeper, of course he is.
The next day, Dean woke up before Cas and slipped out of bed without waking him. He changed, brushed his teeth, and started breakfast. He whistled while he cooked.
Cas takes his seat, Dean steps behind the camera. He clicks the shutter button a few times, watching Cas’s face on the screen. He’s leaning his face up and slightly away, lips parted, eyes cast toward the door instead of the lense. It’s a great angle to show off that jawline of his.
"Cas." His voice came out broken and he realized that he was crying. A sob shook him, and Dean ground his teeth through it until it passed. He swayed, unsteady. He was still drunk.
Dean flicked off the TV with the remote. He jostled Cas lightly, wanting to wake him, but not wanting to disturb him at the same time. He moaned softly into Dean's shirt.
The uneasiness seeped into his dreams. His nightmares came back and soon he was tossing and turning in his bed, waking up with a thin film of sweat across his skin, wishing there was something he could to to take the edge off. His solution, as it always was, was alcohol.
Dean’s face falls. He pulls his hand away from Cas’s gently and stares at Cas’s shoulder instead of meeting his eyes. “Right. Okay, we can . . . do that.”
It didn't develop much further. They moved gently with each other, like they were both afraid the other would change their mind and pull away. Instead, they just stood outside Cas's door and let the rest of the world crumble away.
Sam hesitantly agreed. Fifteen minutes later, he handed Sam a plate of Nutella and strawberry crepes with a frost of powdered sugar. Sam dug in gratefully.
“Sure, it didn’t happen the way that we wanted and we can’t remember anything, but I’ve been in love with you for years. I was planning on telling you while we were in Vegas so that maybe we could be more than just friends.”
“They must have come out last night,” Cas explains. “It takes a great deal of effort to keep them hidden and sometimes, when I lose control, they appear.”
Dean, at a loss of jobs and bored out of his mind, started waking up earlier and beginning the coffee for Cas. He didn't have any actual reason to, but it gave him something to look forward to each day he woke up that wasn't just the absence of work. After a few days of that, he started making breakfast too.
Cas cracks a small smile. “These kisses represent each of my exes and how I felt about my relationships with them.”
Cas looks hesitant. Maybe he’s finally realizing that he should have chosen someone else to kiss him over and over again. Someone who he wouldn’t have to awkwardly live with afterwards. Someone who wouldn’t have made a straightforward project into something uncomfortable.
They go quiet for a moment. Dean reflects back on the two weeks after their break up. Dean was drinking daily, taking whiskey in a travel mug to his classes, going to bars at night, falling asleep on the couch with a bottle in his hands. It took Cas several tries to get him out of his rut, first by asking Dean what was wrong, then by requesting that he eat something solid, and finally by whacking him with his rolled up yoga mat until Dean cleaned himself up and changed into some fresh clothes.
. When Dean and Cas located most of their clothes (Cas was still missing a sock and Dean had lost his watch somewhere along the way) and Cas regained enough composure to put his wings away, they awkwardly made their way back to the hotel room and told Sam the news. Sam had laughed about it for nearly five minutes straight. Dean had gone red in the face and locked himself in his room for the rest of the day.
There was pressure on his shoulders and instinctively wanted to pull away from it, but the weight felt too warm and reassuring. He still fought, pushing at the hands on his skin and grabbing his assailant by the scruff of his collar.
Dean did nothing but nod and kissed him again. At some point that night, they actually opened the door and stepped inside, opting to just drop their jeans instead of changing into pajamas. They kissed some more, until they agreed that they were too tired and fell asleep in each other's arms.
They woke up completely tangled together. Dean wanted to blame the whole thing on him still being drunk when he woke up and inevitably asked Cas to stay the night, but he couldn't deny how happy he was to wake up next to that mop of hair on his shoulder. And a little drool.
The body next to his rustles around a little more and groans low. Really low. Like, lower than most guys he knows. Something tickles against Dean’s neck.
Dean pulls back to laugh quietly at Cas, but then sees his face. Cas is covered in lipstick, all around his mouth, his chin, across his jaw, down his neck. The makeup follows the patterns of Dean’s kisses, right down to where he had sucked Cas’s earlobe into his mouth.
Dean squints his eyes open to the morning light streaming in past the thin curtains and scratches at his neck. It's way too bright and he’s hotter than hell, no doubt sweating out everything he drank last night thanks to the broken AC and the July heat and the heavy as hell blanket over him.
He had this whole plan. Show Cas a good time on their first night in the city, get drunk and win a little money, and then go to breakfast the next morning for Bloody Mary’s and maybe a long conversation about their relationship. He did
He took hold of Castiel’s hand and lifted it to his lips, swirling his tongue around Cas’ index and middle finger before sucking them into his mouth. He resisted the urge to close his eyes, if only so he could watch Castile’s above him grow impossibly darker still; the striking blue of them swallowed up by his pupils as Dean sucked and licked his fingers, covering them in as much spit as he could.
Dean felt a new surge of anger. He wanted to punch something, throw stuff around, break things. Instead he felt Castiel’s hand curl around his shoulder, anchoring him back down. He hadn’t even noticed that Cas had crossed the room to stand right in front of him now.
In a far off corner of Dean’s brain he wonders if they are moving too fast right now but then he thinks about all the years they’ve apparently taken it way too slow. Also Dean almost died last week and it would’ve been for good this time and if that taught him anything it’s that he should stop wasting anymore time.
Dean turns slightly to take a look at Jack, curled up in the back seat, head resting against the window, and fast asleep. Dean can’t help but feel his heart swell with pride at the sight of him. Only a few hours ago the kid proved to be the key to defeating Chuck by stripping him of his power and taking it all into himself. And Dean knows there was the temptation to use all that power to reshape the world, make it better than what Chuck had created, to bring about paradise. He saw it flickering behind Jack’s golden eyes for a moment.
because it’s hard and it sucks and you have to fight and to bleed, and you lose people along the way. But then he thinks about everything else, breakfast in the bunker’s kitchen, serious conversations and silly jokes with Sam, movie nights with Cas by his side, visiting Jody and the girls, watching them grow and thrive, the thrill of the hunt, that feeling of saving someone’s life that truly doesn’t compare to anything else, knowing you are important and needed, building a family, feeling loved and wanted despite not believing yourself worthy of it, maybe finally getting a chance to figure out who you are and who you want to be.
“See, there’s always a solution. And if you still want some pointers with the gun, I can help you with that as well. Come here.” Dean picks up the gun still lying on the counter and presses it into Castiel’s hand. He comes to stand behind Cas, one hand covering Castiel’s on the handle of the gun, the other curling around his hip to guide his stance.
“Okay.” Sam says in a voice that lets Dean know that Sam suspects something is up and they are gonna talk about it tomorrow; which is fine because tomorrow everything will be different anyway, one way or the other.
“I do.” If they were here now, it was not because of Chuck, it was despite him. All the times Cas had died or left, all the times Dean pushed him away, and yet over and over Cas had managed to come back to him, had refused to leave or to stay dead just like he had refused to follow heavens orders. It had never gone according to Chuck’s plan and apparently Chuck had never been able to figure out why.
Still high-strung, Dean stopped himself from making one of his usual quips along the lines of how Castiel should feel free to call on his service anytime he wanted; it was a close call though and he closed his eyes for a moment to calm his frayed nerves. When he opened them again Castiel had vanished.
be doing. He’s just been waiting for the right moment to set some wheels into motion. It seems like that moment is now.
Cas smiles faintly at the compliment. “I thought it would probably be advisable to stay out of a knife’s range for the time being.”
Years later – after fighting and bleeding alongside Dean, after rebelling against heaven to stand with Dean to defend humanity, after letting Dean take him by the hand and push him down onto a ratty old motel bed – Cas would look back on this moment and realise that it had been him who had signed away his life and his heart that night.
But now he was definitely thinking about it. About how his initial plan would have had him kissing some demon bitch and how now apparently he had ended up with an angel dude instead. It shouldn’t matter. There was nothing sexy or romantic about the whole affair of signing your soul or free will away on a gravely crossroad in the middle of nowhere. And the beings that you made these deals with, be they demons or angels, weren’t even human. Why would Dean care about in what package they came in? But he couldn’t help it. Looking at Castiel across from him, looking at his strong jaw and stubbly chin, he found he did care and the prospect of kissing another guy had always been as strangely tempting as it had been utterly terrifying to Dean.
Cas had told him that before, and Dean fool that he was had walked away, too angry and too hurt to believe him.
Dean glares at his brother. “Just… figuring some stuff out.” It probably isn’t very convincing what with Dean’s hands still bunched in Cas’s coat and Cas’s arms somewhere around Dean’s middle, his fingers splayed across the small of Dean’s back right in Sam’s immediate line of sight. But right now Dean couldn’t give less of a damn about it. “Go back to sleep, bitch.”
It would feel unreal, but every rise and fall of Dean’s chest reminds Cas that the past few hours really happened.
Dean truly has no illusions about that one. Cas might still be trying to pick up some skills he previously had no use for, and he might have lost his supernatural abilities but the muscle memory that comes with eons as a warrior are still there. And since last week when Cas walked into the kitchen one morning wearing one of Dean’s old faded t-shirts and treated Dean to a view of the sleeves practically clinging to Castiel’s biceps, he has a pretty good idea what kind of physical strength Cas still has at his disposal as well.
He smiles, rounds the table and lets himself fall into the chair opposite Sam, leaning back like he doesn’t have a care in the world and certainly doesn’t plan on getting up anytime soon. “I think I’m gonna sit this one out.”
“But,” Cas continued, “who’s to say that what he saw in us was all there was to see. Maybe even omnipresence has its limits.”
Dean felt himself getting angry, it wasn’t like he wanted to become some demon’s little bitch after all. But it was the only way to save Sam and he wouldn’t let anyone stop him from accomplishing that.
Cas keeps trailing kisses down Dean’s chest and abdomen, stubbles scraping along his skin, until his lips brush the waistband of Dean’s boxers.
“Because we have a mission for you. Events are being set into motion, events that will eventually lead to what you would refer to as the apocalypse.”
“You saw how angry he was with you and Sam, because you didn’t want to play along. Chuck is irritated with your stubbornness, which to be honest is at least partly relatable.”
Instead he tries his best to further settle Sam’s worries over the future by saying: “I know you think I should get back in the saddle, and believe me I will. Next case that comes our way, it’s gonna be you and me again - maybe Cas will tag along if he feels like it.” Dean grins. “And then who knows maybe one day you, me, Cas and Eileen, we’ll all go on some hunt together.”
As Dean eventually recaptures his lips Cas sighs into the kiss and Dean uses the opportunity to pull Cas even closer and slip his tongue between his parted lips. Dean hears the thud of Castiel’s beer hitting the ground before he feels strong arms wrap around him as Cas gets on board with the more passionate nature of this second kiss.
It was a cocky thing to say, and so very Cas that it raised another smile from Dean. “So what you are saying - in a really nice way - is that we’re all broken and faulty.”
This however feels different than all those other situations. They are much too close like this. Dean can feel every breath Cas takes through the rise and fall of his own hand on Cas’ body. It’s seems profoundly intimate all of the sudden. They are toing that borderline to dangerous emotional territory again, only this time Dean slowly realizes that there is no use in running away. It suddenly becomes clear that every situation between him and Cas is doomed to drift into awkwardness eventually if they don’t talk about what’s really on Dean’s mind; because until Dean finally learns the truth, whether he’s gonna like it or not, it will haunt him every day. He takes a deep breath and steels himself for the inevitable.
There were questions Dean wanted to ask, but couldn’t. Like what had it been that had made Cas rebel then, what it was that set him apart from all the others. Because deep down he thought he already knew the answer and he had tried his best to ignore it for years. Now, on what might very well be the last night on earth, any earth, he found it couldn’t be ignored any longer.
Cas hesitates a moment but then apparently decides that he will humor Dean on this one. He gingerly takes the Shuriken Dean’s offering him and turns back towards the targets. Dean watches him adjusting his stance and lining up his shot before Cas sends the throwing star flying with astonishingly practiced ease. One of the spikes embeds itself right in the target silhouette’s head, practically pinning the cardboard to the wall right behind it.
Dean’s not sure whether he wants to laugh or scream as his emotions do another 180° in the course of a few seconds.
It took a bit of scrambling and rearranging of limbs but finally Dean could settle his head against his pillow with Cas lying on top of him, naked skin to naked skin where their chests pressed together and Dean’s still skin-clad jeans against Cas’ bare thighs. Dean felt like they should definitely remedy the latter.
“Dean.” Cas says his name like it’s been punched out of him, breathless and warningly, and as Dean looks up at him, taking in his flushed face and blown-out pupils, he knows Cas is close. And as much as Dean would like to see him come just like this, he wants to feel him even more. So he lets Cas remove Dean’s hand and line himself up.
“What about love?” Dean tries for casual and is pretty sure he misses the mark even more spectacularly then earlier with the Frisbee throwing star.
“Dean, I think I found us a case.” He points at the screen as Dean comes closer to take a look. “A string of grave robberies in a small town near Milwaukee and now a teenager who used to hang around the cemetery was found dead. Might be ghouls. What do you think?”
Dean closes the distance between himself and Cas. Part of him wants to be suspicious about this, wants to look at this logically but Dean just can’t bring himself to doubt it, if it isn’t real it will probably kill him all over again. So he just accepts it, wraps Cas in a tight hug, turning his face into his dark hair and just breathes him in. Dean feels Cas relax into the hug, his arms coming up to encircle Dean in turn. When his fingers brush over the spot where the nail had impaled Dean only a few moments ago, Dean can’t help a small shiver. But it’s okay now. Everything is okay.
“Look around” Jack prompts and Castiel does as he’s told. “You helped me build this new heaven, a place where everyone can join together in peace for eternity. Is there something wrong with it?”
After Cas returned with them to the bunker it seemed like everyone quietly assumed that things would just keep going the way they had for years, with Sam and Dean hunting and Cas fighting alongside them. But the thing is that after Chuck was defeated Sam and Dean took a moment to just sit down and think about who they want to be now that their
“And how are we gonna do that, huh? Just tell me. Because as far as I can see, Billie is not gonna help us anymore, and Chuck is even more powerful now because he
Dean thinks. But there’s an earnestness and a longing in Castiel’s eyes that floors him. He just looks at Cas, takes him in, the wrinkles around his eyes and the dark stubble growing in on his cheek. Dean’s not really felt the need to stage an intervention about the later one yet, though if Sam were to ask Dean would swear to high heaven that it’s not because he secretly thinks it’s actually a good look for Cas. Dean knows that Cas already figured out how to shave from his last time as a human a few years back, it just doesn’t seem to be something he’s willing to do on a daily basis.
The noise Cas makes, raw and yearning, is answer enough already and Dean lets it fill his mind, drowning out the inhibitions that have stuck with him all his life and allows himself to be open and honest with his own desires.
as the strange pleasure eventually following in its wake as Cas stopped and gave him time to settle.
He hands the bottle of lube over to Cas before he might start to interpret Dean’s hesitation as anything more profound as Dean working through the logistics of it all.
“No, I won’t.” There is a slight hitch in Jack’s voice, like it pains him to say it but there is also a deep seated conviction. “I told you, Castiel, I won’t make the same mistake my grandfather did. I will not intervene.”
By now Dean has had time to come to terms with his own feelings, unearthing all the stuff he’s been pushing down and burying deep inside himself for years. The thing is, he’s still not quite sure if what Cas feels for him is the same. There was a certain connotation to Castiel’s declaration for sure but maybe that was just what Dean wanted to hear in that moment. Who’s to say that angels even feel love the same way humans do? Maybe Castiel’s love for him runs along the same lines as his love for humanity in general, a deep seated care and affection of course but nothing actually romantic. Castiel’s silence on the whole matter doesn’t bode well either; like maybe Cas feels like he said what needed saying and it doesn’t warrant a reply from Dean after all.
The guy was close enough now that Dean could make out more of his appearance. With his striking blue eyes and tousled dark hair, the suit and tie, and the way he tilted his head at Dean’s question with an honestly confused expression on his face, he looked more like he should sell insurance policies rather than crossroad deals.
The point is, Dean has gone through several instances of grace assisted healing since the last time he as much as flirted with someone.
And then Cas’s lips are making their way downwards again, eventually wrapping themselves around Dean’s dick. Dean cries out and his hips, who apparently have by now completely detached themselves from his brain as well, don’t seem to know if they rather want to push forwards into Cas’ mouth or backwards onto his fingers. He lets himself enjoy Cas’ lips for only a few moments longer before tapping him on the shoulder and telling him to stop. Cas let’s Dean cock slip from his mouth and looks up at him, hair a mess and lips a shiny red; the perfect picture for the lexicon entry on ‘
“What the…” Dean manages before the light dims again, dies away and the glow in Castiel’s eyes flickers and fades. Cas just breathes a deep sigh and stares down at his hands like they are brand new.
In all his eons of existing, Castiel never experiences anything that could hold a candle to being with Dean, and even if he were to live eons more he would never grow tired of it.
Cas goes quiet for a moment, apparently musing it over. Eventually he shakes his head. “No, I want to be a hunter. I want to save people, I want to make the world better, and I want…” he stops himself, biting his lips.
And finally he can see Jack fold under what he said, or maybe even the things he didn’t say but that Jack could read on his face and in his mind.
“Come on.” He puts one hand to Castiel’s jaw, absentmindedly scratching over the dark stubbles there while his other hand settles over Cas’ ass, urging him to keep going.
And then Dean catches Cas‘ eyes in the rear-view mirror and he realises what has to happen next, where his path leads, where it has always led. Not because Chuck put him on it but because he and Cas set out on it together years ago. If anything, he and Cas stayed on course despite Chuck trying to break them apart over and over again, when every time they defied the rules set for them and made their way back to each other.
Dean’s still not sure what to do with this last bit of information. Because the thing is, they’ve talked quite a lot since Castiel’s return. They’ve talked about Jack and the new order up in heaven. Cas has told Dean and Sam about meeting Bobby and what Mary’s and John’s afterlife looks like. They even talked a bit about how Jack raised Castiel from the Empty and what other angels were chosen to join them – Gabriel and Balthazar, as Dean already knew, but apparently also Anna, Hannah, Rachel, Benjamin (Dean is
That at least made Dean look at Cas, anger rising inside of him at Castiel’s apparent refusal to be angry with Dean himself. Cas had no right to try and make him feel better, and he sure as hell had no right to make empty promises.
He kisses Dean’s throat and shoulder, brushes his lips and nose over Dean’s collarbone and slowly keeps on moving downwards. He takes his time, apparently determined to touch and kiss every inch of skin laid out before him. There is a reverence to it, a devotion that stuns Dean to the core. It feels more like an act of worship than anything else. Now that he’s allowed to touch, the dam around the feelings that Cas must have kept bottled up for years has broken, affection washing over Dean in waves and he might as well just drown in it.
“I did things that are unforgivable.” He tried not to think about the moment he pulled a gun on his own brother. “All because I thought it would finally set me free. And all the while I was just a puppet. Chuck pulled the stings and I danced. All I ever did was following his damn script.”
It’s clear he’s not talking about the dog anymore but Dean can’t find it in himself to correct Sam on this one; not when he is right.
Cas starts to maneuver them backwards, both of them more or less awkwardly stepping out of their pants along the way. Cas spins around and pushes Dean back onto the bed before following after him, covering Dean’s body with his own.
He turns his face into the sun, just enjoying it for a moment before turning to Jack at his side, his heart once again swelling at what this now all-powerful being he considers his son has created.
Sam looks tense. Dean begins to suspect that his most recent scrap with death might have affected his brother more than Dean himself. Given their previous experiences that’s probably true. Being the one who ended up dead has always been easier than being the one left behind.
“So you’re human now?”, Dean asks after Cas has explained what happened in heaven. “Jack took your grace?”
A breathless chuckle escapes Cas’ lips and reverberates against Dean’s throat. “I was going to say we should probably go to your bedroom.”
“Okay.” Dean concedes, “So maybe you suck a little bit. Who cares? I know you could still take me in a knife fight any day.”
If Cas feels like Dean’s question comes out of nowhere he doesn’t show it. “Yes, that’s how it works.”
He reached down, curling his hand around Cas’ wrist, signaling him to stop stroking Dean’s dick. Which was a shame really, but there was nothing for it; if Cas kept doing this, it would all be over in a few moments and Dean just knew he needed Cas inside of him before they got there.
It’s not entirely pleasant as Cas pushes into him but seeing his stunned face makes up for the slight burn more than enough. Cas stills, giving Dean time to adjust. His clenched jaw gives Dean an idea of the effort Cas makes to restrain himself and he finds he has neither need nor patience for it.
And so Dean does, lets himself be gingerly pulled forward inch by inch. Where it has been nothing more than the nail holding Dean together moments before, it is now Castiel’s grace, knitting Dean back together as he goes. Dean finds he can’t look away from Castiel’s eyes, the sheer determination he finds there.
And of course Jack knows about Castiel’s feelings. Omnipresence and all that, Cas reminds himself. Going by that he also knows what’s in Dean’s heart but Cas knows there is no use in asking. Jack has made a habit out of not giving answers anymore. He just asks questions. The answers must be found within oneself. At least for Jack’s final question, Cas realizes he already has one.
By now nobody in the car has said a word in quite a while. There’s just the hum of the engine and the music coming from the tape deck turned low as not to wake Jack. Like that, Dean finds himself alone with his thoughts, picturing what he will say and how he will say it and how that might go for him. He should just do it and he should do it soon or else he will lose his nerves again like he did so many times before. He tells himself they’ll stop for the night and then he and Cas will talk. Dean will just drive till Thermopolis and then they’ll go look for a motel.
They sit like this for a while; long enough that behind them Sam and Jack are already fast asleep when Dean glances over his shoulder to check on them. Maybe, Dean thinks, he doesn’t have to get himself worked up over this whole thing just now. So much happened today already, it really should be enough. He could just sit here and enjoy their victory. He could tell Cas tomorrow, once they are back at the bunker. Or maybe he should give them a few days to settle back in. He could tell Cas then. Maybe in a week or two, or next month; or another 10 years down the line…
“Yeah.” Dean agrees and concentrates on his own fingers, absent-mindedly pulling on the label of his beer bottle. “So what’s next? For you, I mean.”
“Do you believe it now?”, Cas asked like he could read Dean’s mind or at least like the words had stirred up the same memory in Cas himself.
Dean revels in the feel of Cas, hard and hot, under his hand but after only a few strokes Cas’ hand comes down, fingers closing around Dean’s wrist and stilling his touch.
Dean pushes at Cas’s shoulder, getting him to sit back on his knees and give Dean some space to work with. He stretches his arm and reaches for the nightstand where he keeps the lube, usually at hand for some special alone time in the bunker. Belatedly he realizes that he doesn’t have any condoms in there as well. He didn’t really have a use for those in his own bedroom. He never met anyone he could – or even wanted – to take home, and not just because he lives in a secret bunker full of supernatural artefacts.
It was quite a disappointment when he didn't bother walking up to the front of the room but rather take a seat in the far back. Not a big one, but still disappointing nonetheless.
The classes went rather uneventful, maybe with a side note that Dean had paid more attention in class because he wasn’t flirting around with other students when he felt them gazing at him.
After that incident, it became a regular thing for Castiel to spend time with Gabriel and Dean on Fridays in their dormitory. Dean seemed to enjoy his company and him Dean's so they have become so close to each other at an alarming rate. In addition to their "Friday ritual", as Dean liked to call it, they would sit next to each other in Philosophy class and sometimes have lunch together when their timetables matched. It was fascinating how they were in fact nothing like each other and yet they managed to fit into each other's lives quite well. Castiel sometimes wondered why he hadn't acted sooner.
So he randomly picked up another flyer as long as it didn’t seem at all like a romantic genre. “We can watch this, er, ‘The Benders’. Looks fun.”
DEAN: (spits out the words) Impaled. By a freakin’ nail. (sighs) Man, I used to think about going out like Butch and Sundance style before. You know, in a blaze of glory? But never by... (his lips quirked up) ah, getting nailed.
Apparently, Charlie seemed to be completely aboard with the little idea of hers and she slung her arms around Dean’s shoulder – or at least, tried to.
Another few months had flown, and it was already the end of their freshman year. Dean and Castiel were sitting on a couch together, as Dean mused, "Can you believe our first year of college is actually over?"
It was 10 am when he heard his phone ringing. He picked it up too late and the notification let him know that there were 2 missed calls and several unread messages. Two of the messages were from Cas in the night, asking him if everything was alright, and the rest were also from him this morning. Dean sighed and tossed his phone on the bed before dragging his feet to head downstairs.
“No, he’s unfortunately not here with me. But I will give you guys one hell of a show: I’ll be singing Thank You by Led Zeppelin.”
He tried to brush him off but Sam crossed his arms as he reasoned, “Well, I got more than enough time and I lied to Cas for you. So tell me.”
"Actually you said that the way to woman’s heart was through her stomach. It was when you were flirting with Kali, if my memory serves me correctly.”
“Great! I mean, yeah, cool.” Dean mentally kicked himself for sounding so stupid changed the topic to ask, “Wanna come inside?”
Another woman walked toward them and looked at Castiel. Before he could answer, Hannah was quicker and answered for him.
The sight was almost too much for him when the omega climbed up to the bed and got on all fours, before lowering his forearms on the mattress and presenting his ass high up in the air. Castiel swallowed thickly, the soft curve starting from his shoulder, traveling upward toward his back and back down to the ass alluring, and he was sure that not even the most refined and talented artist could replicate it onto their artworks.
“No, not today,” Cas replied, shaking his head lightly, before offering Dean a warm smile. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Dean.”
"Really? I can't believe you guys are finally going out! I thought it'd take decades for you to realize you are in love with each other... wait, what do you mean ‘kinda’?"
The omega shouted after the alpha, who was already running far away, and he was seething until he sniffed the air and looked right at Castiel.
The way Cas said those words solemnly like he was promising scout’s honor would have been pretty hilarious if it weren’t for the situation Dean had found himself in. Shit. He tried to come up with something to say, something that would hopefully steer them away from getting awkward with each other.
“-and, what?” Dean was ready to give a big speech to Cas about why dating your best friend was a most horrible idea one could think of, but the sound of ‘pie’ had made him stop from rambling on.
One day, Dean was sitting right behind him, and Castiel could feel the gaze solely focused on him. A need to pour out his nervousness somewhere else rose within him, so he began to draw some simple designs on his notebook that he could probably draw with his eyes closed - although he has yet to try that.
because you asked me to, I’d say I am the better boyfriend between the two of us. Besides you aren't the one left behind – fuck!”
Dean was just spewing nonsense – to his defense, it was too early in the morning for him – but he winced slightly, realizing he was rambling.
Unable to put out his curiosity, Castiel, like any other student, turned his head around to see what was going on. Even though there was quite a distance between the boy and him, he was captivated by the boy's green eyes. His cheeks were flushed from running apparently and that brought out the greenness of his eyes even more.
“I know,” Dean answered quietly, and he could see the fight draining out of Charlie. Charlie let out a huff before putting a hand on his shoulder and squeezing it gently.
After lunch, Castiel rushed off to go to Advanced Placement English in the other building, leaving Dean alone with Charlie and Charlie wasted no time to turn around and corner him.
He considered his chance if he made a break from all this. Unfortunately, his chance looked pretty slim.
SAM: (voice-over) We all knew Dean. But no one knew him as a brother. Well, I did. And he wasn’t just a brother to me. Because when it all came down to it, it was always Dean and me. It's always been him and me and his death... it hurts. It hurts a lot. (pauses) But I remember what I told Dean, when he asked me about our legacy. I-I told him that the people we saved are. And all of us, who gathered around here today, we are his legacy. And we, we will remember him.
“Wow, I never thought you’d say that-” Dean sent an evil glare toward Sam’s direction and Sam raised his hand in mock surrender. “Fine, you know what? I’m going to ‘keep my nose out of this’. But before you decide on anything, talk to Cas. He’s your friend, Dean. Besides, you complained about Cas hiding his feelings until now and yet you’re doing the exact same thing.”
He was just passing by a motel, about a 10-minute walk from his home, when a familiar tantalizing scent reached his nostrils. Castiel was feeling hesitant about what he should do – after all, the very purpose of him running was to take his mind off of a certain omega. However, he complied and decided to follow the sweet smell.
Whereas Castiel was perfectly content to keep kissing and to map out every part of the smooth skin, the man seemed to have other ideas. He hastily unbuckled his jeans and let the buckle fall to the ground with a harsh sound. Unfazed he even dragged both his jeans and the boxer brief downward in one swift movement and the alpha could do nothing but stare.
It was a pure accident that Castiel stumbled across the camera. Castiel was gone for little more than two years off-land as a member of MSF and although he headed back to America as soon as he received a letter from Sam, informing him about Dean’s death, he was about a week too late.
They ended up talking to each other all the way towards the Art and Design building. They banter back and forth about pre-determinism and nihilism and any other related topics that they could think of. It wasn't much of a surprise that Dean of all people would be an atheist, but Castiel was still pleased to learn something new about him. Dean was a confident person who would take charge of his life, rather than leaving it to fate's hand.
“Fuck, I never tried singing without getting drunk,” muttered Dean under his breath. “If I don’t make it out here alive, it’s because the crowd has murdered me for making their eardrums bleed.”
"Well, if there was such thing as fate," Dean continued, "it should show people clearly their path, right? Because if it isn't clear to them, then how are they gonna know in the first place?"
“Shh, alpha,” the omega cut him off and scanned him from head to toe, before smirking at him seductively, “Today might be your lucky day, hot stuff. Wanna do me dirty?”
He did, in fact. It is just that he would be expected to find a job after three years. Or his father would probably pull some string to get him to work in his company and Castiel would very much like to pass up that offer.
Dean laid his forehead on the wheels for a while, watching Cas get inside his house. If a whole week is going to be like this, he wasn’t so sure if he’d last and keep everything just like it always had been and should be.
Dean laughed again when he saw how reluctantly Cas pulled away from him. He would be lying if he didn’t feel the same.
Perhaps it was the pie or perhaps it was just the habit but when Dean held the handle and drove off to school, they were already having a small talk about their classes today and fell into a comfortable silence afterward, as music blared between them.
The sound of Andrea’s warm laughter filled the air and Benny watched her lovingly. As Dean stared at the two of them, his smile fell ever so slightly. He did, however, quickly redeem himself and complained, “I’m gonna leave you two lovebirds alone. Jeez, I’m feeling lonely here.”
The heat radiating from them had quickly warmed them up, so Castiel tugged his own shirt off. The omega licked his lips absent-mindedly, his gaze raking over the well-toned body of the alpha, and made an appreciative sound in the back of his throat. He quickly stopped Castiel when he proceeded to lift the hem of the other man’s shirt.
It was almost exactly 8 o’clock when Cas texted him that he was at the front porch. Dean ran downstairs, ignoring the questions from his parents and a knowing glance from Sam, and opened the door.
For someone who enjoys alcohol, recreation, and people, Dean was grimacing as he set the camera on one of the counters in a karaoke bar.
When Dean’s name was finally called out, and he was invited to come up to the stage, Dean looked much more confident than minutes ago. The only sign of his nervousness was his little bit too tight grip on his microphones as he introduced himself.
“Well, what about Gorgeous?” Dean smiled cheekily, clearly teasing him. Two can play that game so Castiel decided to reply back nonchalantly as possible.
Unlike other videos, Dean was still in his pajamas and he had untamed bed-hair. The camera was placed on a kitchen countertop and Dean poured himself a cup of coffee so that he wouldn’t just groan throughout the video.
“Looks like it’s just me and you, Cas, ‘cause Sam’s sleeping like a log right now. It’s funny since I’m usually the one who gets knocked out as soon as we hit the hay. But this time, I don’t know why but for some reason I couldn’t fall asleep. So I got out of the tent –quietly since Sam can be a real bitch if I wake him up – and turned this thing on.”
Honestly, Castiel wanted nothing more than to see the beautiful omega without the clothes obstructing the view so that he could worship every inch of his body. The disappointment must have been clear on his face since the omega chuckled,
“I sense that there’s something more to it. Come on, lay it on me so I can offer you some Jedi wisdom.”
Dean was sitting on the couch again like the very first task he had done a year ago. This time, however, he looked much more relaxed before he opened his mouth.
DEAN: I mean, we had one hell of a ride, didn’t we? Always one after the other. Saving people and hunting things in between. But we made it. And I’m damn proud of us, Sammy, I really am.
“Sammy here is supposed to be my yoga teacher for today but I really should’ve gone to a yoga class instead.”
DEAN: Yeah, no. I think about ‘em too. You know what? We tried, Sam, we tried. We freakin’ tried everything we can come up with and nada. Oh, and not to mention a complete radio silence from Jack. And this pain we are feeling...well, we know it’s not just gonna go away. But for the first time probably, I feel like we can do something about it. We can choose to carry on. For them. Because if we don’t keep living, then everything they did for us is gonna be for nothing. (lightens his tone as he pets Sam’s back) So don’t be a freakin’ Eeyore and I’ll go get us some pies, okay?
Castiel nodded in consent and he was taken aback when it occurred to him that he was just about willing to do anything the omega asked of him. Which was odd since he wasn’t normally someone who felt the constant need to satisfy somebody else. Before he could get lost in his own thoughts, the man pulled away from him and looked him directly in the eye.
“If you can’t focus and get your work done, then I highly encourage you to take a break. God knows how many breaks you haven’t used. Now’s the bloody time to use them.”
But the most alluring trait about this omega was his scent. He smelled like a forest which fitted so perfectly with his dazzling green eyes, but there was a hint of something warm and sweet, too. Like crisp apple and sugar. It reminded Castiel of a warm homemade apple pie that had just come out of an oven with a scoop of vanilla ice cream melting above it. He almost felt like he could taste this sweet scent in his mouth if he tried.
“No, it doesn’t. Besides, Monstera sounds more badass than bonsai. Also, the lady there said it can grow up to 60 ft!”
They protested, but he brushed all of them off. Castiel was beyond pleased he felt like gloating, but he quickly managed to keep his feeling under control.
He knew he was acting like a child in front of his younger sibling but he couldn’t bring himself to care. This was an issue for him no matter what others may tell him.
“Miss you, Cas. I wish I had a fancy vocabulary range like you so that I could use a better word that describes exactly how much and how deeply I miss you. God, I sound like a sap. I think I just used up a year’s worth of sappiness, so don’t expect too much from now on. Then I guess I’ll see you in the next task, huh?”
Benny just chuckled. “Well, but in all honesty, Dean, come visit us again. Cher and I’ll be waiting with fried pickles and a nice bowl full of gumbos.”
Ignoring the obvious taunting, Castiel watched the man squirm on the bed to get into a more comfortable position and he finally remembered what he’d wanted to ask.
Unfortunately, the silence was dragging on between them and it seemed that Gabriel noticed something was off with him.
DEAN: Sam, Sammy, you listen to me. You... you get those boys, and you get them somewhere safe, alright?
As it turned out, taking Philosophy as a major was one of the best things happening in Castiel's life. Sure, half of the students weren't even Philosophy major and yet, their majors required them to listen to the lecture to raise "ethical awareness" as members of society. Unfortunately, most of them chose to sleep or talk throughout the class and the active participants in discussions were mostly Castiel, Professor Henriksen, and only a handful of students who were attentive enough.
Castiel was sitting next to Dean, his boyfriend, when Dean suddenly stared at him. It was usually what Castiel did, not Dean, so he couldn’t help but ask his spontaneous boyfriend what he was up to.
His chest tightened, almost aching because he didn’t know half of the things Cas just told him and he could only imagine what that must have been like.
It was typical of Charlie to tease him about watching chick flicks which was actually rude considering he never complained to her about being a nerd herself. Though he had to admit, she introduced him to some of the good stuff. Just to save face, Dean gave her an evil eye.
Sam was wearing a sleeveless shirt and short pants, clearly dressed for physical activities. The camera moved up and down and then a snort came from behind the camera.
“I apologize for being so pushy. I am borderline paranoid about data protection, you know? I used to be a white hat hacker.”
The second thing he noticed was that he was grinning, even though he barged in in the middle of a lecture and had interrupted it from continuing. His lips were curved so beautifully that Castiel would have enjoyed kissing that lips until they were swollen. Castiel flushed slightly at the thought and was rather thankful when a calm and collected voice of his professor broke the silence. "What's your name, son?"
“Oh, well. You know I love you Dean but if this goes wrong, I am definitely going to give you a hard time.”
“Right, well, let me just check with Dean and if he wants to see you, then he can text you. How does that sound?”
This time Dean was handling the camera and he seemed to have learned more tricks this time. He was zooming the camera in slowly so that by the time Sam finished his sentence, only Sam’s nostrils could be seen.
For a moment, Dean doubted his ears because that couldn’t be what Cas had just said. Cas, a boy-next-door who soon became his best friend in school and is now his bestest friend. Well, he always corrected Dean by claiming that word “bestest” is grammatically incorrect, all the while making air quotation marks with his fingers. Dean didn’t bother correcting himself though, since he knew Cas quite liked that title.
(5 smaller pictures from left to right: picture of Mary, Eileen and Sam’s wedding picture, picture of Team Free Will in the Bunker, picture of Dean and Sam in their 20s, and a picture of Dean and Sam with Bobby)
“So let me get this straight... well, none of us really are, ha, ha. But oh well. Have you never thought about Cas, you know, as boyfriend material?”
“Yeah, I find it so cute that you are filming yourself for your boyfriend! Maybe I’ll take one for Dorothy someday.”
It was almost a miracle as to how Castiel had managed to get his work done. As soon as he got home, he changed into his favorite jogging clothes – he still wore his trench coat over it because it would get colder in the evening – and headed outside. Nothing cleared his mind faster than jogging through the streets, taking in the fresh air.
Great, this was definitely going to get him out of this sticky situation. Dean groaned inwardly as he waited for Cas to reply, half in resignation and half with curiosity as to what Cas might actually reply.
Only if he was anything like Gabriel, his brother, then he wouldn’t be alone at home, smelling pathetically for a lingering scent on his clothes. Castiel scrambled to pick up the phone when he heard it ring and checked the caller’s id.
And for some reason, Dean remained lying down on his bed, needed a moment to clear his mind and to not let his mind drift off to think about those blue eyes.
Castiel barely managed to close the motel door before the omega pressed his body against him and kissed him fervently. Somehow their teeth didn’t crash and the taller man licked Castiel’s lip, seeking silent permission. He willingly parted his lips and groaned at the intrusion, when the omega didn’t hesitate to delve into his mouth and map out the depth of the mouth with his skillful tongue.
Thankfully a bell rang just then, saving him from further questions. He knew he couldn’t avoid Charlie for long and she could and would crack just about anything if she set her devious mind on it.
“Cas, wanna hear a sappy sentence this sunrise has inspired me? Here it goes: ‘even the Sun rises and falls, but my love for you never will’. Ha, I’m telling you this, this is almost like one of those Shakespearean sonnets. No, actually scratch that. This one is even better – it’s Winchesterian sonnets.”
“Now don’t go all ‘jealous boyfriend’ on me, Cas. Though Benny here may be a real nice guy, you are the only one for me.”
He did have the decency to look embarrassed at Crowley’s contempt and he replied curtly, “I can get my work done.”
Dean mentally crossed his fingers, hoping that Cas would look at him with wide eyes, like a deer caught in a headlight, and admit sheepishly it was just a stupid joke. Much to Dean’s disappointment, that didn’t happen.
“You said ‘Well, that was hot’. What was?” Cas tilted his head slightly to the right – a typical gesture he made when he was confused.
DEAN: Nothing. The Empty got him before I could... Oh, look at it, Sammy. We are already here. (avoids eye contacts with Sam as he pulls up)
DEAN: To the beach, obviously. You, me, Cas, toes in the sand, with a couple of them little umbrella drinks.
That night their home was bustling with people. Just as Castiel thought they had probably reached the maximal capacity, Ash walked in through the door.
“Yup, I can definitely imagine your frown of disapproval! Luckily, I am all alone in my Baby so nobody else would’ve heard me. Besides, we both know that you secretly like me talking dirty to you. It’s a close tie with my perky nipples, isn’t it?”
The dinner was perfect. Not even a bad movie could dampen Dean’s appetite and Dean had a burger, French fries, and a milkshake in his favorite restaurant. Cas had ordered a burger, a salad, and an orange juice and Dean looked at him scandalously for ordering a salad with a burger, which Cas simply shrugged off. Cas got Dean to try a forkful of salad and in return, Dean made Cas try a stick of French fries dipped in a milkshake.
"Well, it was all to be expected, to be honest. Dean liked pies and you gave him not just any pie but THE pies. From me. So rest is history since, as I always like to say, a way to man’s heart is through his stomach."
“Well, I'm still gonna give you a free piece of advice: Don’t wait, make the move first. Call them!”
Dean dropped the camera by his side so that both of their faces were not shown, but he didn’t turn it off completely. Dean’s voice lacked his usual confidence, as he answered the woman’s question.
Dean ruffled Sam’s hair and Sam tried to stop him. “Hey, stop it!” When Dean finally pulled away, Sam asked curiously, “But why’d you lie to him?”
When he came out of the shower, his scent was more intense than ever. What pleased Castiel, though, was the fact that his scent now had a small hint of sea scent from him. Feeling a buzz of contentment, Castiel grabbed him by his waist and pulled him close, as soon as the omega sat down on the bed right next to him. He muttered under the breath about how he'd just gotten out of the shower and how Castiel was still sticky but he let out a rather content sigh before nestling closer.
It was already lunchtime and as much as Dean couldn’t wait to indulge himself with the pies, he was dreading it, which was something new. Ask anyone, they would all say that Dean loves eating as much as he likes sex. And he likes sex a lot.
He was rather disheartened that he wasn't able to meet Dean in person and not receiving any messages from him didn’t help either. After about an hour or so, he was ready to acknowledge the fact that Dean probably wanted nothing else to do with him until he heard a notification tone of his phone.
DEAN: Well, I’m not watching porn in our library if that’s what you’re asking. (smirks) Unlike you, Sammy.
"To ride it out of your system, obviously. And me? I am not gonna pass the chance to finally kiss those sexy lips of yours."
Castiel grabbed the omega's arm to spin him around and firmly pressed his lips to him. He broke apart from the kiss to growl lowly, “No.”
The omega looked way too pleased as he licked his own lips, the small gesture which looked downright sinful.
“Yeah, but there’s no way you would’ve been okay with him saying ‘I was reading’, aren’t I right?” Dean huffed, knowing he was completely right about this.
Dean rolled his eyes at Ash's holler and smirked, "Ash, we were having a great party going on until you showed up."
“Sure, but that’s not what you said last time. What did you say? Oh right, you said he was ‘devastatingly handsome’.”
When Cas coughed lightly to get his attention, Dean blinked and frowned at him. Right, he was yet to give an answer to him.
Dean skimmed over the movie flyer and wasn’t surprised to find out that Cas had been right. As much as Dean enjoyed a good romantic film and he was a sucker for a chick flick, he didn’t feel like watching something like this with Cas. Well, at least not today, since they’d actually watched romantic movies together, before this dating shenanigan. Dean would walk over to the counter with a straight face, asking for two tickets. However, this time, the circumstances were different and he really didn’t want this to end up looking like a real date.
When Dean took a seat on the couch, Anna immediately saw her chance and took a seat right next to Dean, as she placed her hand on his thighs suggestively.
“Ufta.” The woman knitted her eyebrows together in concentration until she came up with an answer. “You know what? I’ll be the judge of that. I’m Donna, by the way.”
“You know that’s what every protagonist says in a chick flick before they end up marrying their best friends, right? Come on, Dean, you of all the people should know better.”
DEAN: (shakes his head) No, Sam, tell me, tell me it’s okay. That it’s okay for me to leave you behind. That-that no matter what you will always keep fighting. That you will continue to carry on. I need you to tell, tell me that it’s okay. I need you to tell me that it’s o-okay.
“This is not my first time at a karaoke bar and it’s not even my first time singing here, either. It’s just... I never sang something in front of you. Now I am gonna be singing to every other person except you. It feels weird.”
Talking about it was one thing, but actually following the advice was another. Dean wasn’t sure what would await him tomorrow and he sure as hell wasn’t ready for it but tomorrow he’d talk about it. With Cas.
Castiel had barely enough time to change from his jogging clothes to formal attire for his work. Although he took a longer shower than usual, the scent of the omega still lingered in his trench coat. And it was enough to drive Castiel off the edges. While this definitely was not a love at first sight (and he didn’t know the man enough to feel comfortable with that idea), he knew it wasn’t just a lust either. Castiel made peace with himself by deciding that he had an attraction to Michael, or whatever his real name might be, and that he wanted to learn more about him.
He felt Dean's gaze shifting from the back of his head to his notebook. Feeling a little courageous, he wrote out his name: James Castiel Novak. He didn't know what kind of reaction he hoped to get from Dean, but he got none. Castiel simply ended up feeling rather stupid writing out his whole name, just so that Dean would finally get to know his name.
Suddenly Dean closed his mouth and frowned slightly. Was Castiel supposed to cut him off and say something? Luckily he was saved from second-guessing his actions, as Dean's expression changed into something more sheepish.
A message popped up and Castiel was dragged back into the harsh reality. One where Dean was no longer smiling so radiantly at him because he was dead.
“Eileen, you think this is funny, huh? I thought you and I were team meat man,” Dean grumbled, waving his fork threateningly toward her but Eileen looked unfazed.
Even though Dean was being rather rude, shaking his head disapprovingly in a dramatic manner, Garth didn’t look offended at all.
“Eyes on the road, Dean.” Only when Dean complied grudgingly and kept his eyes on the road, Cas replied, “Then let’s go on a date. Today.”
Because he had paid so much attention Castiel could swear that he wasn't imagining Dean taking a seat closer and closer to the front, closer to him.
“I don’t hit on people. It’s the people who are hitting on me. ‘Sides can’t a guy take a break once in a while?”
Dean held the camera with his one hand and waved the last piece of the fried pickle in front of the camera with his other hand. He chewed on the fried pickle slowly at first but he quickly gobbled down the rest.
Dean mentally patted himself on the back when he managed to put up a poker face. Well, there wasn’t no reason anything to be scared about, now, was there? Dean thought, trying to keep his anxiety minimum. He had been to more dates than Cas and he knew for a fact that Cas hadn’t had a single date. That, unfortunately, made Dean’s anxiety worse, since it meant that Dean was his first date.
“Dude, there has to be a universal code written somewhere that says you never think of your best friend that way,” Dean scoffed, not even amused at Charlie for even suggesting such an idea in the first place.
Only when the handsome man cleared his throat to get his attention, did Castiel realize with a start that he had been staring at him too long. He quickly averted his eyes to the ground, wincing inwardly. At least it was comforting to know that no one else had been standing in the line or it would have been awkward. Perhaps it already was. Castiel’s face pulled into a frown as he lifted his head to look at the omega. To his surprise, he was grinning at him. It was merely a smile, and yet the man looked even more handsome than a moment ago – if that was remotely possible. He felt his jaws slacken and he quickly closed his mouth shut because it was not only embarrassing but also plain impolite to gape at someone. He took a deep breath and returned a small smile of his own.
After waking up from a nightmare, he'd down some whiskey before returning to bed, ensuring that he'd fall asleep without anymore hiccups. After a few days of that routine, he decided it'd be more beneficial to prevent than attempt to cure. So he just drank every night before bed.
“I’m sorry I haven’t been talking to you,” Dean says. “This whole thing has just been really . . . confusing. I just needed time to think.”
. Sharp yet soft dark feathers that move and breathe with Cas, hot and heavy and huge. He reaches up to run his fingers through the fluff in front of his face.
After Cas downed his first two bottles, he was gone. At first he was all giggles and smiles and Dean taught Cas the fine art of tossing popcorn in the air to catch it in your mouth. Cas was absolutely
In front of the door, Dean didn't know what to say. He had so many things he wanted to admit, but none of them would emerge. He wanted to tell Cas that he'd had a great day doing exactly nothing, wanted to tell him just how good he looked with the lights turned off and nothing but the TV shining on him, wanted to tell him that all Cas had to do was look at him the right way and he'd be his.
He puts on the lipstick, ignoring the photos of himself. It’s definitely not as easy as he thought it would be--staying inside the lines was something he’s improved upon since childhood, but crayons are a lot different from makeup. He manages to swipe the color onto his face, grimacing at the taste of it.
Dean can hear the click of Cas’s throat as he swallows. He raises a hand, pointing to the knob of his left cheekbone.
This was to Charlie’s disappointment, at first. She had suggested moving in together before Cas had and Dean had been on the fence about it. He loved Charlie, they got along, she understood his nerdy references, they had similar taste in women--but he had been holding out for another photography major to make his move. She quickly forgave him when she met and later moved in with her girlfriend, Dorothy.
It made his nightmares worse, coincidentally, but it kept him asleep. He could deal with the horrifying memories of Hell or watching Sam die, as long as he stayed under all night. It was a small price to pay, he concluded.
He’s gotta find Cas. Who knows who the hell he hooked up with and whether or not Cas knows about it. He doesn’t want to give him the wrong idea right before confessing to years of repressed pining. He didn’t want to hook up with anyone last night, less it be Cas himself. He remembers the beginning of the night starting out at the casino downstairs from their hotel suite and teaching Cas how to play Texas hold ‘em and laughing at Cas for not understanding what a poker face was and telling Dean that cheating and lying were wrong. Dean moved Cas on to the slots and spent more time staring at his profile from the machine next to him than actually pulling the lever.
Dean hadn't heard him come in and jumped at the sound of his voice, but smiled at his brother and turned back to slicing strawberries. "Morning, Sammy. I was thinking about crepes today, what do ya think?"
Dean wakes with the worst headache he’s ever experienced. He’s pretty damn sure it didn’t hurt this much when he was clawed to shreds by hellhounds or when he crawled out of hell or the numerous times he’s been shot, stabbed, electrocuted, knocked out, and killed. His entire skull is throbbing like his brain is still throwing a rager as wild as the night before.
is what he wants. This first kiss, their first date, their first time in bed. He’s sure they did those things in Vegas, or some drunken version of them, but he wants them for real. He knows they did those things, but he wants to experience them for the first time and remember for the rest of his life.
Cas blinks a few times. “I don’t think so. It’s to my knowledge that humans have difficulty maintaining an erection and achieving orgasm while intoxicated. But it looks as if we may have . . . tried.”
A few more days pass, still no jobs. Dean starts to wonder why he even checks anymore. It's like all the monsters had collectively decided to hibernate.
Dean had plans to go home after his three classes of the day to watch Netflix with his hand in his pants and eat pepper jack Cheez-Its until his stomach hurt, but he supposes it wouldn’t hurt to cancel those plans to help out his roommate for a few hours. Dean doesn’t often interrupt plans with himself, especially on a day where he doesn’t have any homework and he doesn’t have to show up for a shift at the salvage yard, but Cas is someone Dean doesn’t mind giving up a  few luxuries for.
“You took me to the Atlanta Aquarium and pointed at all the ugliest fish and said they looked like him.”
“That should be enough,” Cas notes, and Dean realizes that he had taken way too many photos while thinking about Cas’s face. He backs away from the camera. “I’ll need a fresh layer for each kiss, so apply some more lipstick.”
While Dean thoroughly preferred angel Castiel, he was coming to like the human version of his friend. Still blissfully unaware and naïve, Cas was even more fun when he had to participate in people activities like eating, drinking, and sleeping. What was better was Cas when he went slightly too long without doing any of those things and becoming grumpy.
“I was really hoping that when we finally got together, we could actually remember it and it wouldn’t feel like such a mistake.”
Cas nods. “Yes, after you defeated Chuck he came to the Empty. He put it back to sleep then took me and a few other angels back with him to help rebuild heaven.” Dean sees a fond small smile play across Castiel’s lips. “Gabriel and Balthazar had some interesting ideas.”
“Yes,” Cas made it sound like that was a good thing. “And it’s why we’re gonna beat Chuck. Because we make our own decisions. Decisions he can’t fully understand. Maybe that’s what frustrates him so much.”
But that’s okay, Dean will have Jack to look after. He might still technically be a half-angel but after having given away all his power, he’s also as human as it’s possible for someone like him to get. There will have to be weapons and combat training in the near future should Jack decide to stick with hunting. Maybe Dean can take him on a few hunts, make some kind of trip of it. Maybe Cas will come along. Yes, Dean thinks, that would be pretty awesome. Just the three of them hunting the everyday monsters and ghosts while saving some people’s lives together, the family business; them being a family.
Castiel’s eyes, hazy with lust, met his. “Come on, Cas. I’m ready.” At least as ready as he was ever going to be. Once again, Cas didn’t question him, letting Dean call the shots, but groaned like just the idea of going further was making it almost impossible for him to hold himself together. Dean saw him swallow and drag in a breath before finally withdrawing his fingers so would be able to replace them with his dick.
not feeling jealous upon hearing that name), and Akobel, who now gets to be with Lilly and her daughter once again. Cas even convinced Jack to bring back Crowley and Meg (again, Dean is not jealous) on condition that they play nice with each other and stay in hell with Rowena.
Dean knows he’s stalling and eventually Sam puts his phone down and suggests settling down for the night. Dean grips the steering wheel a bit tighter but a few miles later he steers the Impala onto some dirt-packed road off the highway. By now they are in the middle of no-where but it’s not like it’s the first time they’ve just stopped and slept in the Impala while on a hunt; Dean doesn’t think it will be the last time either. And it feels right tonight, after the ordeal of the day he prefers the emotional comfort the Impala provides to the seedy bedsheets of another small town motel.
Jack chews his bottom lip. It’s the most human gesture Cas has seen on him since Jack raised him from the Empty. “Before you go, there is one last question I have.” And for once it doesn’t feel like Jack asks just for the sake of it but because he truly wants to know.
Dean awkwardly let’s his hands glide of Cas and takes a step back. He clears his throat. “Now that you are human, do you experience stuff differently?” And before Cas can launch into a speech about the gustatory wonders of peanut butter and jelly again, he clarifies. “Like emotionally wise?”
Dean grins at Cas. “Awesome.” And to his great pleasure Cas turns and smiles back at him. Dean rummages through the box for another Shuriken. “Okay my turn.”
Right, Dean hadn’t really thought about that, not for a second, not even when Castiel had appeared and Dean had figured he was there to take the place of the other demon he’d been negotiating with. All Dean had cared about was salvaging the deal to get Sam back not about how that would come to pass, what it would cost him or, for that matter, what the bureaucratic aspects of this deal would be calling for.
Sam pulls a face that tells Dean he’s getting his point across. Dean refrains from pointing out that this sort of instinct might be appreciated in a guy on other occasions. Luckily so does Sam. It’s not really a topic Dean wants to get into right now, especially when it’s linked so dangerously close to Cas.
is over. Dean came to terms with the fact that he can’t picture a life outside of hunting anymore, that he
Somehow losing Castiel’s fingers inside of him now felt almost as strange as taking them in had at first.
After eventually seeing Sam out of the bunker, Dean leaves Miracle dosing on his favourite blanket in the corner of the library and wanders down the hall. He tries to come up with a plan for the rest of the day. Maybe a movie afternoon with Cas is in order. Dean has sorely missed those during these past few months when they had to focus all their attentions on getting rid of Chuck. He remembers vaguely that he told Cas that they really ought to watch
Eventually he has to stop to breathe but he doesn’t pull away entirely, just rests his forehead against Cas’, his fingers curling into the fabric of Cas’ trench coat to keep him close.
There is a sudden knock, startling Dean and making him jerk away from Cas. But when he turns around looking for the source of the noise he only finds Sam staring back at him through the wind shield, hand a few inches away from the glass.
Taking a deep breath to clear his head, Dean started to walk back to the Impala. He had to check on Sam, see if that angel had truly kept his word. His eyes fell on the brand on his shoulder where the sleeve was still rolled up. He tucked the sleeve back down but he could still feel the handprint throbbing, not exactly painful, but still a reminder that he had promised himself to heaven; to an angel… to Castiel.
It takes Cas quite a while to form a conscious thought again. They just keep lying there together, Cas still half on top of Dean, head pressed against Dean’s shoulder, one leg thrown over his hip and tangled up with Dean’s.
Cas never dared to dream that getting to voice this simple truth could put a smile as bright and beautiful and content as the one he’s seeing right now onto Dean’s face. He would watch a thousand western movies for that.
Dean gets out of the car and starts walking around towards the trunk, stretching a bit to work out the stiffness of his muscles from the long drive and telling himself that’s also the reason why his legs feel like they are about to turn to jelly and not the nervous anticipation of things to come.
As he walks into the library he finds Sam looking at something on his laptop at one of the tables. Sam notices him and waves him over.
Cas goes completely still against him, lips unmoving, unresponsive and an icy cold shoots through Dean’s veins at the idea that somehow, incredibly, he still managed to misread the entire situation. He pulls away quickly again and searches Castiel’s face. It pulls painfully at his heartstrings when he finds Cas looking incredibly sad. A hand against his chest tries to push him away.
Ever since finding out about Chuck, Dean had felt nothing but anger. He had questioned every choice, every feeling, because if it all came from Chuck, then it was all a lie. And whatever he and Castiel had between them it was just another plot point, meant to make Dean feel miserable. Or so Dean had thought. And then Chuck had raged about how all the other Castiels had stayed good little soldiers, all but this one.
Dean is coming down the bunker’s staircase, Miracle in tow, returning from a walk through the stretch of woods near the bunker. Dean will never admit to it but he genuinely enjoys the exercise that comes with walking and playing with Miracle outside. He’s not gonna start jogging around the woods for no good reason like Sam does but he thinks he could get used to getting fresh air and stretching his legs without it being part of a hunt or a drive into town.
“Yes.”, Cas said with a real smile on his face now. Apparently he took it as a compliment. Dean supposed that in a way, it was.
Dean and Cas are being idiots but eventually work things out. Sam gets a nudge in the right direction.
Dean knows he did but it doesn’t make it better, doesn’t change the fact that Dean’s the reason for it. He wants to avert his eyes, can barely stand Castiel’s honest, open gaze anymore but Cas curls a hand around his shoulder again and keeps him in place, their eyes locked.
“But the real reason Chuck is furious is because you are the ones he can’t control, not entirely. He can set things up, offer you certain options and nudge you into the direction he wants you to go. Ultimately, however, the choice is still your own. And you have chosen to go against Chucks plans more than once already.”
A small smiles pulls on Dean’s lips. If the light he’s supposed to walk towards wears Castiel’s face Dean will follow it gladly.
“Cas, when we first met, you told me that good things do happen. I didn’t believe you but as it turns out you were right. Because, quite frankly, you are the very best thing that’s ever happened to me. You are so much more than I will ever deserve. You say I changed you but you changed me as well. You changed my whole life. And, hell, I love you for it.” Cas stares at him, eyes wide and full of wonder. And now that it’s out there, now that he’s said it, it’s almost ridiculously easy to repeat it. “Cas, I love you.” He curls a hand around the back of Castiel’s neck, holds him close. “I love you.” And when his lips find Castiel’s again there’s no hesitation this time.
It’s then that the gravity of it all catches up to Dean. Because as of today, all he is is himself, all he does is gonna be his own decision and everything he feels has not been planted in his heart by Chuck but has taken root there by something as simple and beautiful as circumstance and only grown under the warmth of Castiel‘s gaze over the years.
Panic closes like a fist around Dean’s heart, because what if Cas means that he wants to take off and go back to heaven? Cas had an eon-long life before Dean came and mucked it up, he couldn’t blame Cas now for wanting to return to it and help his last brothers and sisters to help redefine heaven. If that’s the case, could Dean even convince him to stay?
Dean shrugs. “Whatever you wanna do, I guess. You know a lot of stuff, you lived to see the whole of human history, you could be a teacher or a scientist, hell, I know the little old lady who runs the bakery in town if you wanna try your hands at that.”
Dean laughs and playfully squeezes his hip. He sounds way too smug when he states: “And yet, you will watch them with me.” He beams at Castiel. “Because you love me.”
When he stands in front of Cas again he opens the lid of the box and presents its contents to Cas. “I’ve been itching to give these bad boys a go, actually, but Sam wouldn’t let me.” He picks one of the throwing stars out of the box and holds it out for Castiel. “Come on, try it.”
Castiel however, clearly misinterpreting Dean’s silence, took a step closer and continued: “Don’t give up now, Dean. We
“I do.” He concedes and presses a quick, gentle kiss to Dean’s lips before settling down against his chest again. He feels his eyelids grow heavy. Getting exhausted and having to take a nap is still something Cas has to get used to. But the prospect really doesn’t seem so bad if he gets to fall asleep in Dean’s arms. Not when he knows that when he’ll wake up a few hours later – probably due to Miracle demanding attention – Dean is still going to be there. They have an entire life they can spend together now. And then eternity after that.
When he let go of Castiel’s wrist eventually, Cas seemed to get the message. He pulled his hand back, slipping his fingers from between Dean’s lips and reached under himself where Dean’s legs were spread around his hips. The first brush of a spit slicked finger over his hole send a shiver racing up Dean’s spine. And then Cas went and pushed in.
“You’re such an idiot.” he says, standing his ground and not letting himself be pushed away. “I’m not indulging you, Cas. This isn’t me trying to repay you for all the stuff you’ve done for us or whatever bullshit your mind just came up with because you can’t let yourself believe the truth.”
Dean flinches as the bullet hits the target’s cardboard background but stays well outside the black silhouette.
When Dean finally slips fully free and Cas steps away, Dean finds that his own two legs can hold him upright again. A second later though Sam is one him, barreling into him for a bone-crushing hug that Dean is almost worried will send him stumbling back into the damn nail again if Sam isn’t careful. But then he lets himself go, let’s Sam burry into his shoulder, sobbing and trembling as his body tries to catch up with his sudden relief. Dean wraps his arms around Sam in turn, soothing him. They almost lost this, lost each other, Dean was ready to, Sam clearly wasn’t and Dean feels bad for putting him through this once again; the pain of losing Dean even if this time he didn’t after all.
Sam finally looks at him again, seemingly mulling over all Dean just said. Slowly but surely Dean sees a smile settle on his brother’s features.
Despite himself Dean found himself smiling at that. If anyone knew what it was like to put up with the famous Winchester stubbornness, it had to be Cas. Dean finally allowed himself to look up again and meet Castiel’s eyes. There wasn’t as much amusement there as his tone might have suggested but there was no accusation either, just a deep seated fondness and conviction.
“What the hell?” Dean stared at Castiel indignantly. “You burned me. What the hell did you do that for?”
Dean’s not even aware that they moved until his back hits the wall, Cas’s hand cradling the back of his head both to soften the impact and to change the angle of their kiss as it grows more heated. Dean manages to slip a leg between Castiel’s and if he had any lingering doubts about just how human Castiel’s feelings run they would evaporate now under the hard outline of Castiel’s cock pressed against his thigh.
“Oh.” Dean said, his face starting to burn almost as hot as the brand on his shoulder. “I just figured… with demons you have to kiss them… I assumed it’d be the same, don’t really know why. Hell, that is awkward.”
He’s proven right when Jack says: “I stand by my rule. No more angels walking the earth. Do you understand?”
Cas goes along with it, taking the lube from Dean and slicking up his fingers. For all his inexperience in most things human, he thankfully doesn’t seem to need any pointers on this one; one hand bending Dean’s leg to his liking while he works the other between his thighs.
Dean forces himself to keep his eyes open and let Cas look at him as he fucks him through it. He gets rewarded with getting to see Cas come undone as well in the midst of it.
When Cas reaches for the bottle their fingers brush. It’s over a second later and nothing that hasn’t happened a dozen times before on nights out on the road drinking beer together; and yet… tonight everything feels heightened and charged with an energy Dean’s afraid will culminate in a stroke of lightning sooner or later. He tries to concentrate on his own beer instead, taking a big swig to calm his nerves.
Then Castiel’s hand clasped around his shoulder and a searing pain shot through Dean making him scream and jerk away from Castiel. He stumbled back a few feet and looked down at his own arm. When he didn’t see any damage to his clothes; he pulled up his sleeve to check underneath. And there on his shoulder and upper arm was an angry red handprint seared into his flesh.
Now as he thinks about Sam and Eileen, about Jack and what the future might hold for him; now as he looks into Castiel’s eyes and pictures the road that stretches out in front of all of them, Dean doesn’t much care if there is a destination somewhere out there. He already has everything he’s ever wanted travelling right there beside him.
And Jack smiles at him, a true smile that lights up his whole face but somehow still seems to hold some secret knowledge Cas can’t quite hope to understand.
Still Dean’s heart clenches and starts beating faster as the weight of what he has to do now catches up with him. It’s positively terrifying. Dean knows that telling Cas how he feels should not be scarier than facing the creator of the universe, but somehow it is. Dean‘s always been better at fighting than he is with words.
They moan in unison as Cas bottoms out, hips starting to twitch in tiny jerks, like he can’t hold himself back entirely anymore.
Dean can’t help the smile that stretches across his face at that. “Son of a bitch, the kid really did it.”
“So you think you need to keep an eye on Cas? Is this really all this is about, Dean?” He pauses. “Is this because of what happened in Ohio?” Dean can see that Sam can’t bring himself to elaborate more on what he’s talking about. He doesn’t need to. There’s no way Dean couldn’t know what he’s referring to. “Are you… are you scared?” Sam asks gingerly.
Dean broke their kiss in order to pull his shirt over his head and to sit down on the mattress. When he looked up again it was to see Cas loosening his tie.
This is easier. Just letting go. Knowing that Sam will be alright somehow and live the life he deserves and Dean not having to care for his own anymore.
And there they were, the words Dean had feared for so long, because he hadn’t known what he would do with them if they ever came. They weren’t so scary anymore now, and as it turned out all Dean had to do was let them wash over him and sooth his soul. It seemed to be answer enough for Cas when Dean eventually recaptured his lips and brought his hands up to push the trench coat from Cas’ shoulders.
He understands why Sam’s worried of course. What happened in that barn has been a sharp reminder that now that Chuck is dealt with and demons and angels are back where they belong, practically all of their supernatural safety nets are gone. They just gonna have to come to terms with being normal again, or at least as normal as hunters can get.
spoken a single word about how Cas ended up in the Empty in the first place though; about all the things he said before the shadow came for him and how they had triggered a curse that apparently was related to Castiel’s true happiness.
Cas kisses him like he’s a desert wanderer who happened upon a stream, like a sinner who has found salvation, like’s been granted a previously unimaginable miracle and – not sure if it’s to last – is holding onto it with every fiber of his being for however long he will be allowed to.
Suddenly the wind picked up, blowing dark clouds over the sky, thunder crashed and then lightning illuminated the crossroad. And there on the asphalt right behind Castiel the light created his shadow as a silhouette, and in contrast to the original, this Castiel had huge wings that stretched out to both sides of him, spanning the entire width of the street.
For the past week Dean has seen Sam grow more and more restless, apparently eager to find a new case, itching for a fight or at least something to focus his attention on. Dean’s got the impression he doesn’t quite know what to do with himself anymore. Dean on the other hand has a very clear idea about what his brother
Sam doesn’t really seem to have a comeback for this one and Dean sees the opening he needs to get this thing on track. “You know, last I heard, Eileen just wrapped up a case up there is Wisconsin. Maybe she could give you a hand.” He doesn’t really aim for the double entendre there but if Sam wants to understand it that way so be it. After all pushing Sam towards Eileen is kinda the point of this whole endeavor.
“That was different.” Cas interrupts him. By now he sounds just as frustrated as Dean, like Dean is making things unnecessarily hard for him.
? Truly, all of me?” It seems so outlandish put like that. Dean’s never met anyone, who, in their right mind, would look at Dean Winchester and consider keeping him around for more than a night of pleasure or to deal with their monster problem. Dean’s too messed up - too broken - to be anything worth wanting.
By then Sam has apparently collected himself enough to come over and join them. He gathers Cas in a hug of his own. Dean hears him say “Welcome back, buddy.” And then quieter, almost too low for Dean to hear “Thank you.” as he squeezes Cas a little bit tighter before letting him go.
For the first time since they started walking Jack sounds a little bit unsure. Like maybe he truly got something wrong, and it would endlessly pain him.
“You think it’s true?”, he asked Cas, “That all the other Castiels followed their orders just like all the other versions of me and Sam apparently ended up killing each other?”
That gives Dean a clean slate then, and not just because Cas put him back together only last week. It’s been a while, and even though Dean had liked to tell himself that it was because he was simply way too busy saving the world, he can admit now that one-night-stands had started to lose their appeal somewhere along the way quite some time ago.
Dean hurries down the hall and into his room, picking up a box from the shelf above his bed and with it in tow makes his way back to the shooting range.
Jack knows that of course. Kelly told him when they showed up at their place earlier. And even if she hadn’t, Cas supposes Jack knows just about everything now. It comes with being omnipresent after all. But it still feels good to say it to Jack, to give voice to his own feelings. And the way Jack smiles upon hearing it lets Cas know that he appreciates it too.
“And what if something else happens to Dean? Will you come to me and ask again for one last exception?”
Put like that it sounds logical, easy - too easy. It reminds Cas of how he had once offered the prospect of paradise to Dean only for Dean to reject it, choosing life the way it was instead, and starting to make Cas believe it was something worth fighting for as well.
No matter how badly Dean wants Cas by his side, Cas deserves to make this choice just as much as the rest of them. “We don’t keep you around just because we think you might be useful.”
“This...” He pointed to the handprint. “is a seal; a claim on your soul. It solidifies our deal.” Castiel looked at the ground and Dean could swear he saw some colour rising to his cheeks as he added: “The ahem… other part was quite unnecessary.”
Which brings Dean back to the reason for him still being alive. Looking over Sam’s shoulder he sees Cas. He’s just standing there, a small smile on his face. Their eyes meet again and Dean slowly but surely extracts himself from Sam, patting him on the back as he goes. Sam lets him leave, still trembling but reassured that Dean’s not going anywhere, not yet.
“Cas? Whenever you healed me with your mojo, you always fixed pretty much anything that could be wrong with me, right?”
He hooks his fingers into the waistband, mouthing at Dean’s hipbone as he slowly drags his underwear down over his crotch. But Cas seems determined to draw this out and instead of putting his lips where Dean wants them most right about now he kisses along Dean’s leg as he slips his boxers down further. He guides Dean to bend his knee until he can push his underwear all the way off as he nibs on Dean’s ankle. He moves up again, leaving a trail of kisses up Dean’s other leg and then finally, upon circling back in on Dean’s middle, licking a long stripe up the underside of his dick before closing his lips over the tip. Dean’s vision goes blurry around the edges, synapses firing wildly while he fists his hands into Castiel’s dark mop of hair.
“According to Chuck this here is the first world he created; the original. If that’s the case, then it stands to reason that all the others are just recreations of this one. But maybe some things can’t be recreated.” Another fond smile tucked at Castiel’s lips. “Chuck created all these other versions of us based on his own interpretation of our ‘characters’.”
Dean takes another pull of his beer and then a refreshing gulp of night air right after. He sets his beer down on the earth packed ground next to the car in order to avoid having to look at Cas for a moment. Next to him Cas remains silent. Even as Dean comes back up, he doesn’t seem about to say anything further. Dean knows it’s up to him then.
Something catches Dean’s eyes then, a movement in his peripheral vision. He turns his head as far as it will go. He must be pretty far gone already, he muses, because apparently he’s started hallucinating.
“What’s that supposed to mean? Who the hell are you anyway?” Because one thing was for sure, this was not your run-of-the-mill demon Dean was dealing with here.
“I just need something, anything, that’s real.” Dean didn’t quite know what exactly he was asking for, not until Castiel lifted his hand to gently, almost hesitantly, cup his cheek and Dean closed his eyes. He didn’t need to see to know what was going to happen. It was like he was falling, every fiber of his being bracing for the inevitable impact. When it came with the firm press of Castiel’s lips to his the world came to a halt. And within the walls of his bedroom Dean created his own universe, free from Chuck’s influence, as he kissed Cas back with everything he still had to offer.
“It’s not his time yet.”, Cas eventually says. “He fought so hard for the world to be free, he deserves to live in it too, he deserves to be with Sam right now and see who he wants to be without Chuck’s influence hanging over him.” He knows that this will mean he won’t see Dean again for quite a while, that Dean will go on living without him, maybe find a wife, have a couple kids that will all join him in heaven eventually. But he has long since come to terms with the fact that Dean’s happiness is more important to him than his own selfish desires. If he can give Dean the chance to have all that, he will.
Dean could all but feel the sarcastic air quotes there even if Cas refrained from actually making them with his hands this time.
He wishes he could go down to earth and tell Dean about all they’ve accomplished up here but Jack has closed the gates of heaven upon their arrival and Cas understands why. Too much harm has come to earth because of heaven’s meddling. Jack wants to do it better this time around.
As soon as Cas’s hands slit free from the sleeves he brought them up to card them through Dean’s hair before cradling his neck. Slowly Dean let himself sink back, pulling Cas along as he made to fully lie down on the bed.
“You are saying that if I was to resurrect your bother you would give yourself over wholly to the service of God and his angels?”
He caught Castiel’s eyes, seeing concern mixed with the almost desperate desire. “No, don’t you dare suggest we stop now. Just get on with it.”
“Of course.” Cas has the audacity to smirk and his well-known answer in this all new context sends a pleasant shiver down Dean’s spine. Cas sits back up and Dean can’t help a disappointed whine as he also withdraws his fingers, leaving Dean with none of the sensations from a moment ago. Dean reminds himself that it’s what he asked for and that he had his reasons. He blindly reaches for the bottle of lube Cas dropped somewhere in the sheets next to them. He squeezes a fair amount onto his hand and wraps it around Cas’ cock.
“Dean.” His shoulder was squeezed once more before Cas took a step back to be able to look down at Dean’s face again. “Chuck manipulated all of us. This isn’t just on you. And even so, I think he has less control than you might think.”
Cas slips a hand between them, popping the button on Dean’s jeans and shoving them down his thighs. And then Cas is cupping his dick, rubbing over it through the fabric of Dean’s boxers and Dean can practically feel the blood rushing from his brain, leaving him lightheaded and dizzy. He lets himself slump forwards a little, trusting Cas to take his weight and resting their foreheads together as he moans breathlessly.
“When you said you didn’t think you could have what you wanted, what was it? What do you want?” Still Cas stays silent but weirdly it gives Dean more hope, because surely if it was something, anything, else than what Dean is finally willing to let himself believe, than surely Cas would have said something by now. But Dean needs to hear it, needs conformation.
He watched Cas drag his finger through the smear of precome on Dean’s belly and spit in his hand for good measure before rubbing it over his dick; and Dean just knew it wouldn’t be enough but couldn’t find it in himself to truly care.
Right now, they are driving through Wyoming, the headlights of the Impala lighting up the otherwise dark stretch of highway between towns. Looking at the road ahead, Dean tries to wrap his head around everything that has happened today; they confronted Chuck, they won and – miraculously – all of them are still alive to tell the tale.
“You know what?” He faced Castiel, standing his ground. “I don’t give a crap. If the world is ending, I say let it. Because my brother is dead and right now all I care about is getting him back. And if I have to walk straight into hell and serve my soul up on a silver platter, so be it. The world can burn for all I care.”
When he enters, he finds Cas, gun in hand and glaring at the targets down the line like they have personally offended him and if he still could he would smite them out of existence immediately. As he notices Dean he lowers the gun and huffs in annoyance.
I'm so sorry, this took way longer than anticipated. But the word count is also quite a bit higher than anticipated so I hope that makes up for it a bit.
His hands go for Castiel’s pants in turn, forgoing finesse in favour for pushing and pulling until he can shove them down Cas’ legs right along with his underwear. From where he’s still resting his head against Castiel’s, he casts a glance down between their bodies and isn’t surprised to find that Cas’ dick is just as amazing as the rest of him. The sound Cas makes as Dean wraps his fingers around him is instantly addicting, spurring Dean on even more.
Cas bends over him, once again pressing his lips to Dean’s chest, teasingly twirling his tongue over a nipple as he pushes in.
Twitching and moaning, Dean gave himself over to Castiel’s tugging grip, feeling himself get fully hard again from where he had softened slightly at the initially weird sensation of being penetrated.
Dean was ready to turn around and walk away even if he ran the risk of ending up like the demon, should Castiel decide that he had had enough of Dean’s antics when Castiel sighed and said:
The guy’s stiff, clinical demeanour was sort of unsettling. Dean suspected that whatever step of the corporate hell ladder he was on, it was one that didn’t require much costumer contact.
Cas wants to start arguing, wants to beg Jack to change his mind, for Jack to see reason, even if Cas is afraid that Jack might see reason more clearly than Cas himself right now.
The corners of Jack’s mouth twitch like he’s holding in a smile at how predictable Cas is being but his expression sobers again right away. “I won’t stop you from going down to save him.”
Generally Dean knows how to handle throwing weapons as well but right now it’s much more of an exercise in fun than anything else. He and Cas take turns and on his third throw Dean already gets creative, trying to use the start like a Frisbee and laughing as it goes completely wild. He can’t quite remember the last time he had such genuine and carefree fun.
“But you can go now, Sam. Because I won’t be alone.” They are getting deeper and deeper into serious emotional territory here. So Dean tries to do what he normally does in these cases and defuse the situation. He waves a hand at Miracle who lies stretched out beside him. “I got Miracle for starters.”
Dean knew why but it didn’t stop Cas from whispering it now into the space where their breaths mingled and their lips had touched moments ago. “If every other Castiel kept following orders than it was because they never fell in love with you. It has always been us.”
“I love all of you, too.” Dean turns around to take a look through the wind shield at Sam’s and Jack’s sleeping forms. “I mean, from the start, it’s always been me and Sam against the world. But now Jack… he’s like a son to me.” he turns back to Cas. “And you...”
Trust Sam to take Dean’s plot to get Sam laid and make it all about Dean’s potential trauma. Dean rolls his eyes and tries for flippant. “Of a couple of ghouls? Come on, Sam.”
Dean briefly wonders if Cas ever used his laptop for more than just looking up how to kill the monster of the week - and then loses conscious thought altogether as Cas starts rubbing a lube-slicked finger over his hole.
Soon a second finger joined the first and when Castiel started scissoring them apart Dean threw his head back against the pillows in a gasp. When he blindly lifted his head back up to resume their kiss, Cas pulled away from him. Sitting up on his knees instead, mouth out of Dean’s reach but the two fingers of his one hand still inside, he curled his other hand around Dean’s dick.
Best to treat it like a band aid, Dean thought to himself, just rip it off, get it over with. So when Castiel reached out his hand towards him, Dean surged forward and took the initiative, pressing his lips to Castiel’s in a bruising kiss. It was unclear who was more surprised by Dean’s sudden boldness, he himself or Castiel who breathlessly gasped under Dean’s mouth. If Dean still had doubts that Castiel was what he claimed to be, they evaporated over the following seconds. Surely no demon would kiss like this; a bit unsure yet unyielding and quite frankly, utterly divine.
Dean reached between them to open the button of his own trousers. Cas easily lifted Dean’s hip of the bed to drag his pants and boxers down in one go, freeing his already leaking dick, and yeah, Dean mused, shows of angelic strength were a definite turn on for him. Not that he had time to think much about it as Cas, having divested Dean of the last of his clothes, hooked his fingers into the waistband of his own underwear and pulled that down as well.
Cas turned back to face him and Dean lifted himself from the bed to be at eyelevel with him, even though he didn’t let go of Castiel’s coat just yet. He just couldn’t let Cas leave. “Cas, please, stay. I need you here right now.”
Dean lost himself in all the sensations, Castiel’s mouth, his hand, his cock, all the ways in which Cas was with him and around and inside. There was no way Dean could last. Castiel did seem just as affected, his thrusts growing more and more erratic and as a twist of Castiel’s wrist send Dean over the edge, he could feel Cas following along beside him.
“You should go back to your brother. He shall be waiting for you. I will call upon you when your services are needed.”
If he’s being honest with himself Dean never let himself dwell on the possibilities too much either but right in this moment he’s willing to go with his guts on this one; with some hazy fantasies he buried a long time ago - before he ever met Cas, with how perfect Cas’ heavy weight feels on top of him right now, with how much he wants to give Cas everything he’s got left to offer.
Cas lets his eyes wander again. In many ways this new heaven reminds him of the smaller heavens he liked best back in the day, the peaceful ones, rooted in nature. Except now there are no more walls just an endless stretch of woods and fields… and a big amusement park tucked away behind the tree line to the east where Jack has let Gabriel have free range.
“Yes, and you were gone and I had to deal with the fact that it was entirely my fault; while also trying to figure out what it was you were telling me.”
Cas nodded shakily and instead spread the fingers of one hand over Dean’s hipbone, his touch a warm, soothing and strangely prickling sensation, Dean wasn’t all that unfamiliar with from the countless times Cas had healed various cuts and bruises. On the second push in it went far smoother and Cas slid deeper and Dean had to wonder if Cas had helped matters along with his remaining grace somehow. If so, Dean didn’t care. It was still all Cas, it was still all
Dean suddenly feels like someone punched him in the gut, because once again it’s his fault, once again Cas gave up part of himself to save Dean. “I’m so sorry.”
Above him Cas looks almost delirious with it and just the thought that it’s all because of him, that he’s the one who put the complete blissed out expression on Castiel’s face, is almost too much for Dean to comprehend. He hooks his legs around Cas’ waist, grabs his ass again and pulls him in, anything to get Cas closer, deeper.
“You.” It comes out of Cas half a whisper and half a moan. A revelation - like they haven’t already established that. Even though the gravity of it still makes Dean’s stomach flutter upon hearing it.
Right in this moment Chuck held no power over them, no-one did. It was nothing like Chuck had planned for Dean. It certainly wasn’t what John Winchester had wanted for his son either. Here, naked and panting, with Castiel buried to the hilt inside of him, Dean truly felt free for the first time in his life; truly like himself.
Pulling Cas closer to him, Dean buried his face in his chest, hiding away from the outside world just a little bit longer.
„I‘m really looking forward to go through all the books in the library. Maybe Sam and I can work on a new index. And of course playing games with Jack.” A playful smirk plays around Castiel’s lips. “Even watching one of your ridiculous cowboy films with you sounds good right about now.“
“There is.”, Jack says and his word is the truth of the universe. Cas can feel time shifting and suddenly knows they could spend hours in this sphere Jack has just created around them while a mere second would pass on earth. It deflates the urgency that had gripped Cas so tightly but not the underlining terror. His heart still beats load in his chest as he falls in step beside Jack.
But then instead Jack let go of the endless cosmic power and channelled it all back into the world itself. Because Chuck was right; his essence has to always be there to balance out the shadows of evil but as it turned out it doesn’t have to be concentrated in just one single all-powerful being. Jack imbued the world and everyone in it with their own spark of divinity. He gave them all the ultimate gift; free will.
Given that they still had to find a way to stop Chuck, there wasn’t time for this. But they would make time. Because Dean needed this now, needed it like the whole damn universe depended on it. Given everything he had heard today, maybe it did.
But then he gazes back up into Castiel’s face and finds all his insecurities, his helpless longing and desperate hopes reflected back at him.
„There‘re called Western, Cas.“ The comment comes as a knee-jerk reaction but Dean’s voice is shaky. Because when Cas talked about home, he apparently meant the bunker. But Dean has to be sure. “That meaning you gonna stick around with us?”
Dean felt his head spinning. It seemed laughable, the apocalypse, him being the key in preventing it, he who had never been anyone’s first choice. He was just a soldier, expandable, his only mission to keep his little brother save… Sam. That at least brought his thoughts back on track. Angels walking the earth, the end of the world; it didn’t matter. None of it mattered.
“Yeah well, guess what, you didn’t.” Frustration makes Dean’s voice loud and sharp but he can’t stop himself now anymore, all the doubts he had come spilling out of him. “You are… you
Castiel blinks and when his eyes open again he’s not with Jack in heaven anymore but standing in front of an old barn house. He remembers another night, standing just outside another barn and how walking in and meeting Dean had changed him forever, how it had ultimately led him to this moment now. He knows that going in and saving Dean one more time will change everything once again.
So maybe Cas isn’t a hallucination after all. Dean tries to wrap his brain around that as Cas gently maneuvers Sam out of the way, Sam apparently too shocked to put up much of a fight. And Dean sees the faint glimmer of desperate hope in his brother’s eyes before Cas steps in his place and takes up all of Dean’s fading attention.
He feels Cas slipping a gentle hand between his back and the wooden post, and then the both alien and familiar sensation of Castiel’s grace running through him, soothing, healing. Cas curls his other hand around his shoulder, wordlessly beckoning him to lean forward, to follow Cas.
“No.”, Dean managed to say breathlessly. “Like this.” He spread his legs further, letting Castiel’s hips settle fully between them, hoping it would explain what Dean sure as hell couldn’t say with words right now.
He remembers that there are some condoms stuffed in his duffle bag which is... Dean doesn’t quite now where, and getting up to look for it sounds like the most frustrating endeavor ever. In the last not yet completely sex addled part of his brain Dean thinks it through.
First he’s gonna have to find Cas though. The bunker is big enough that several people can easily go a day in there without running into each other apart from dinner time in the kitchen. So far Cas has spent his days mostly in the library or down in the archives and the training rooms, claiming he still has to get used to his new human physiology.
The title of this fic is based on the following poem of John Mark Green. It just instantly made me think of Destiel and feel all the feels.
He takes Cas’ weight as he collapses on top of Dean eventually and wraps his arms tightly around Cas’ back, holding him close.
been angry at Cas for the stunt he pulled with the Empty, for putting Dean through the pain of losing him yet again, and for leaving Dean alone with the aftermath of what was said as well as the things left unsaid. He thought that anger had evaporated upon Castiel’s return, but apparently not. Once again they seem to fall into their old patterns. Dean can already tell that Cas is going into the defense as well.
Dean’s thought about it of course. He tried his best not to at first, when Cas was dead and gone and certain implications seemed much too painful to even consider but had crept into his mind nonetheless. And now, ever since Castiel’s return, that moment seems to play on endless repeat in Dean’s brain and hangs over them every time they so much as make eye-contact over a stack of pancakes at breakfast.
They toured the bedrooms last. When Sam opened the door to Dean’s room, Castiel held his breath as he stepped inside. While he couldn’t say that he had physically been here, there were elements of the room that were familiar, as though he had seen photographs of it. He had dreamed of this place. He had seen visions of himself with Dean in this bed, of Dean dead in this room.
They picked up a tub of ice cream for Dean and went through checkout. Castiel felt guilty that Sam paid for everything, but he had no money to his name. The identification in his wallet wasn’t even his. As soon as they were in the car and the rumbling engine drowned any noise from outside, Castiel turned to him.
“He can get seconds,” Sam said. He’d already finished his first burger and cleaned his mouth. “So, Cas...I thought it might be a good idea if we give you a tour of the place. Who knows, maybe if you walk around you might recognize something.”
Castiel had no reason to refuse unless he was willing to tell Dean about his dreams, and even then, he had the sense that Dean would invite him anyway. He agreed to meet outside at five thirty, thanked Dean for the coffee, and went back to his shift.
His footsteps had echoed as he’d stepped out from behind the staircase, approaching the man who slunk along the wall, concealed by shadow. They had both clutched weapons: the man, a gun in two hands; Jimmy, a blade, gleaming silver like a sword. It had a peculiar heft and weight, the surface smooth as water. It had slipped effortlessly from its concealed place in his sleeve, fitting coolly into his palm. He had used this blade before. Though he couldn’t have said where or when, he’d known their history together was great.
He gets up and collects the plates, walking them into the kitchen and starts the water. Jacob picks up a set of folded bedsheets from a nearby chair.
“Degrading might be more accurate,” Castiel said. He wiped his mouth. “There’s less of it every day, and what’s there is weak. The best solution would be to tear it out.”
He shines a flashlight into the place where the ground has been excavated to reveal an opening about ten feet down. There’s no door. They expand the ladder and climb down. The opening is rectangular, not much shorter than standard doorway height, though it’s low enough that Sam has to bend his head to enter. Jacob makes a Bigfoot reference, which is apparently the funniest thing Sam has heard in two minutes because he almost splits his sides laughing. Dean rolls his eyes and switches on his own flashlight.
“You get some rest. Don’t worry about getting up in the morning. If you need anything, I’m right next door and Sammy’s usually up late.”
“You mean security footage?” Jacob shakes his head. “No, there’s nothing like that. There are amateur video clips from a few years ago, some kids who were out here partying, but the videos are too dark to see anything.”
Beneath their feet, the ground rumbles. A voice like the wind seems to come from everywhere, resonating from the soil, the pyramid walls—just one word, but it hangs in the air for several breaths.
Castiel stood at the ocean’s edge. Dean approached and led him off of the sand. He kept hold of Castiel’s hand as they ambled over uneven brick sidewalks, past a large hotel thrumming with music and lit up against the night sky. He unlocked a two-story Victorian and shouted, “We’re back!”
He reclaimed the vial of grace from Claire’s hands and placed it into the box, then knelt down beside the chair.
He helped Castiel to sit against a tree and covered Dean with his coat, then stood, rubbing his arms, and surveyed their surroundings.
She raised an eyebrow without taking her eyes off of the price tag she was writing. “Psychics? That sort of thing? No. I trust the Lord has a plan for me.”
“It’ll go faster with scissors,” she said, but he stubbornly used his thumbnail to work a corner free.
Castiel smiled. He remembered the details from the dream he’d just woken from. It wasn’t only a dream; it was a memory. He could feel the grass in front of the Novak house, smell the inside of the police station. He remembered the size and warmth of Marjorie’s hand.
Dean’s never been both so disappointed and relieved to hear his brother’s voice. He picks up the radio. “Nothing in here. What do you see?”
Castiel stood up on wobbly feet, refusing Dean’s offered arm. He stumbled back inside and into Marjorie’s office.
Annoyed, he orders a third beer and another pretzel. Fuck it. He’s on vacation, and Jacob said he’d cover the tab.
When the sun came up, he showered and washed up for the day without looking in the mirror. He could never stand to look at his own reflection after that dream. His fingers trembled from the weight of a blade he no longer held—cramped, as if he’d just laid it down. He flexed his hand and brushed his teeth, scrubbing at his tongue until it no longer tasted bitter, ignoring the skinny man with gray hair who shuffled up to an adjacent sink.
The headlights reveal a rustic one-story cabin with a screened-in porch and an old truck beneath a carport about fifty yards in front of the car. From the street to here is probably a quarter mile. The way the house seems to hunch into the Earth, Dean doubts that it’s visible from the road during the summer even in the daylight. The dark wood siding looks like it’s been recently soaked by rain. A single bulb beckons from beside the porch door. Dean parks in the driveway and shuts off the car.
Sam shook his head. “That’s why it didn’t seem right to tell you about you and Dean. He and I are like strangers to you right now. To force a marriage that isn’t really yours...You might not want it. And I don’t think Dean wanted to hear you say that.”
He gets a full blast of Sam’s delight. “So it’s a little hard to make out, but if you focus on the lower right of the pictures, look what happens when you view them in sequence.”
“I don’t know, Dean. Maybe they saw it on Instagram. Jacob said people used to talk about it. That’s what’s weird. It’s like they forgot it’s here, even the people who were supposed to bury it. We don’t even know if it’s actually demons we’re dealing with. It could be something worse.”
The collection was well-stocked, much nicer than the meager library at the shelter. There was a bounty of books on every subject he could imagine, but guilt drew him to the religious texts. He liked the Bible especially. Opening it was a homecoming. He touched reverent fingers to the Word of God.
Humans were so small and fragile. They were not the smallest nor were they the most fragile of all of his father’s creations, but Castiel was always surprised by their delicacy. Fish were more resilient. Ancient ones had swum for millennia. And yet this tiny, broken human in his arms represented a creation superior to his own. He had never questioned his father, but he supposed he could understand the ire of his brother and his brother’s followers, and the reason for their fall.
They kept speaking in hushed tones. The homeowner stopped yelling, and the looks everyone cast him turned to pity.
Though Dean had promised to tell Castiel about their past, he didn’t bring it up the next day, and Castiel didn’t know how to breach the subject. Dean spent the afternoon in the garage polishing his car. Castiel felt awkward approaching him and stayed in his room until dinner.
“Oh, of course,” Jacob whispers. “Geb and Nut, the earth and the sky. They were two of the earliest creations, but they were separated to create the world.”
In his mind, an image flickered like a wisp of flame: Dean’s mouth on his in a motel room. Castiel was wearing a blue vest and a name tag that said Steve. There was no grace in his body and he was exhausted, but he put his arms around Dean’s neck.
“You said to give this back to you,” Dean said. He sniffed and stuck his hands in his pockets, glancing away. He’d just come from the shower. His hair was still wet, his skin pink. Castiel could sense his anxiety.
“Something is here. Whatever this is, I have a chance of surviving it. I’ll hold it off, but you need to get out before it gets any closer.”
“Being injured comes with the job.” Dean had been frowning, but it softened into a more desperate expression. “Look, Cas. I don’t mind if you heal me, but don’t you ever come close to burning yourself out. If anything happened to you again, I don’t know if I could...”
He wore a hunter’s clothes; he wore a suit. His face was bloody and swollen. His face was beautiful. In the warehouse, Naomi was shouting. Castiel could see her mouth move, but there was no longer any sound coming out of it. All he could hear was Dean begging on his knees in the crypt. The warehouse dissolved into a sea of colors and didn’t exist anymore. Naomi didn’t exist anymore. The crypt was a crypt until it wasn’t and Dean was kneeling in front of an altar. He wore a black suit, smiling at Castiel on their wedding day. There was no blood.
“Cas, this isn’t you. This isn’t you—” the man begged, but his words had no effect. Cas continued to strike despite the man’s pleas, despite a voice within him telling him to stop.
Then what was this blankness—a second chance? A chance at redemption? He owed it to this man to do better, to live his remaining years piously. Righteously. Maybe that’s why the nightmares continued, so he wouldn’t forget.
They cover another couple of yards and Dean’s flashlight loses intensity, like someone is slowly lowering a dimmer switch.
Minutes passed. Castiel’s vision grew hazy. He swayed on his knees and closed his eyes, but he continued to pass grace to Dean. Sam rushed back and knelt down beside them. The foul stench of ghoul blood hung on his coat.
Castiel swallowed the taste of Dean’s blood. “I suppose I’ll be leaving soon then. What...is there anything I need to do in order to...”
She seemed to accept that answer and canted her head, giving him access. Sam touched the alcohol wipe to her skin and cleaned a wide area. He turned to Castiel and nodded, then looked at the box.
Without another word, Dean fell backward onto the bed and bent an arm over his face, hiding his eyes. Castiel stared at him for a few seconds, then went to shower.
“Just trust me. Things are a little hot right now. Stay close, just...keep away from the opening, okay?”
It was so often quiet here. He was regularly left with only his thoughts, residual images from the last nightmare. That’s what Marjorie called them, nightmares. The term was foreign to him when she’d first said it, as he’d stood quaking next to the pantry, trying to collect himself.
“Send me a postcard when you get home,” she said. “That’ll be thanks enough. Will you be leaving today?”
That was frustrating. The information was there, he was sure of it, but it was locked away. He hadn’t told anyone, certainly not Eric. It seemed to be an unspoken rule that residents didn’t pry for information. No one found it strange that he referred to his time before the shelter as “before.” They all had “befores,” he’d learned.
But he was alive. No matter how brutal the dreams, or how awkward those moments were when Castiel was not the person Dean sought, Dean was
The man was beautiful. Jimmy had never seen his eyes in the light, but his blood smelled like iron, like Hell. Jimmy didn’t understand why he knew what Hell smelled like, but Hell was the cloying slick of this man’s blood anointing his hands.
Even though they’ve met before and Dean has been preparing for this moment since they crossed into Maine, it’s still a shock when Jacob turns toward him with a smile that doesn’t belong to Cas, but could. Jacob’s hair is a little longer than it was a few years back and tucked behind his ears, though apart from that, he’s the spitting image of Cas—minus the frown he’s worn around Dean lately.
“There could be something buried under that thing. It did spring out of the ground. Maybe the ground under it is unsteady. You think it could be collapsing?”
“Room’s empty,” Dean calls back. “You two stay there. If we can’t get any further, there’s no point in all four of us squeezing through there.”
Living with Dean continued to unsettle Castiel, especially the mornings after a nightmare, but he found comfort when he would drag himself into the kitchen and see Dean at the kitchen table with a newspaper and a cup of coffee. Dean would pat the seat beside him and they would drink their coffee in silence. Sometimes he’d nudge Castiel with his elbow and point out something interesting in the paper, turning his head and smiling before that smile would freeze and fall away, replaced by something wistful, like he was looking for the person Castiel used to be.
“It shields us from their eyes. When the sun isn’t watching, we each come here as fragments.” Nut cradles Geb’s head against her shoulder. “We can never stay for long. He will continue to cool the longer he is out of the ground and my light will burn out. One day, this hill will not stand anymore. Now that you know, please leave us in peace.”
