Dean feels like an idiot. For as long as he’s known Cas, Cas has never been interested in women. “Oh.”
For as tough as Dean is, he turns into a big baby when he’s any type of sick. Even the smallest sniffle will have him crying for attention.
Dean boxes Cas in as he begins to sing along to the new song that begins to play. His whiskey voice setting off fireworks in Cas’ heart.
From what Dean can see he has dark hair, a plush mouth, a slight beard and light eyes, blue he thinks.
Dean remembers the first time he let Cas drive Baby. Dean had a bit too much to drink, he can’t prove it but he knows it was Cas’ fault. He reluctantly handed his keys over to Cas, and climbed into the passenger seat.
He does what he wants, when he wants, how he wants, and who he wants. (With their consent of course.)
Cas rolls his eyes before replying, “I know Dean. How about you take some of these ginger pills we have. They always calm my stomach.”
Dean shrugs, “Just be safe. That’s all I ask.” Cas nods quickly. “Oh and to make all the money, I’m tired of going to work. I need you to be my sugar daddy already.”
He looks out into the crowd, noticing not only the small following they’ve acquired over the years but all of their friends and family as well.
Dean reaches out for Cas at the same time Cas reaches out for him. Cas’ hand closes around Dean’s and then they’re running.
“Yeah, yeah. Gotta make sure you don’t electrocute yourself,” Dean says as he pulls himself off the couch.
Thankfully Cas’ work cell rings breaking a bit of the tension. “Novak.” Dean hears him answer. “Yeah, I’ll be right there.” Usually, Dean hates when Cas gets called in but right now he’s thanking whatever deity is watching out for him.
Well not fully. Cas had been making fun of the amount of money and time Dean spent picking out the perfect television for their new home. Cas said if that much thought was going into a television, then it should at least be sitting on something pretty.
Dean falters a little bit but pushes forward, “Oh, I could have sworn I heard an achoo coming from your direction.”
“You’re kind of an asshole.” Dean tells him. No maliciousness behind it, just stating an obvious fact. There’s no way the guy isn’t aware.
“Is that what’s got you acting like a jealous child? If you would have just asked me instead of jumping to conclusions-”
“Hey. Just wanted to um,” His hand rubs nervously at the back of his neck, “introduce myself properly. My name's Dean.”
Dean sends him some the following day. It takes him over two hours of scouring the internet, looking through different florist shops to find just the right bouquet to send to Cas. It’s going to his job so it can’t be anything too extravagant. He wanted to make sure the bouquet represented them as a couple. He didn’t want to go with anything to cliche. He wanted something special and unique to them; a bouquet full of blue hydrangeas, peach and pink roses, pink spray roses, blue eryngiums, dusty miller, and eucalyptus.
“Not a scratch Cas! If I find a scratch on her in the morning, I’m breaking up with you!” Dean warns through slurred words.
He’s waiting for Ben to be escorted out the main gate when he notices the guy sitting in the car behind him. He’s gorgeous.
They’re cuddled up against the headboard on top of the scratchy motel comforter, eating food from the Thai place down the street.
It reminds him of when he used to go to church, he would stare into the chandeliers until his eyes began to burn and then look around at the other church goers. The residual glow from the lights would shine bright around some of the people in church. Dean thought those people were God’s Angels.
Dean blushes slightly,  “Let me go check in on my friends and grab my keys. I’ll be right back.” Cas nods as Dean makes his way back to the table.
Cas has been looking for the perfect moment to ask Dean to move-in with him, and he finally feels like he found it.
Dean holds onto the hopes in promises leading upto his and Cas’ finals. Winter break is just around the corner, and they’ll both be back home. He’ll be able to actually hold Cas instead of studying him through video chat.
“The correct answer was; me. But I suppose we’ll get to that eventually.” Cas winks before turning around and continuing towards the exit.
Sam...Sam on the other hand has different plans because as soon as the line dies down from their afternoon rush, he’s making his way over to the table.
“Dean, baby, I’m so sorry. I’m so so sorry,” Cas continues to apologize through tears. “Please if it’s not too much, please could I get another chance to make this right? To prove to you how much I love you? To fix what’s been broken?”
“Yeah, so did I.” Dean says sadly. Thankfully the doorbell rings before he dives too deep into his feelings. Dean grabs his wallet on the counter top before opening the door for the pizza.
They pull each other in for a long embrace, their lips meeting instantly. They pour every unsaid promise and apology into the kiss. Letting the last few days alone, evaporate between them. Dean knows they have so much to work through, but Cas being here is a start.
Dean’s at a party he doesn’t want to be at, with people he doesn’t want to see outside of work hours. It’s not like he hates his coworkers or his job, but it’s a form of self-care not seeing them during his personal time, save for Charlie.
“I think I’m adorable,” Dean bats his eyelashes as the other guy rolls his eyes. “I’m Dean by the way.”
“I think he needs a brother.” Dean says as all three of them are lounging in the bed watching television.
“Knock it off. I didn’t have to bring you. I thought this could be a nice event for us both but I guess I was wrong,” John scolds.
“You don’t understand-,” Dean cuts himself off. “I’m tired of watching you kiss everyone else but me.” Dean admits.
And it’s at that moment that Dean recognizes that mischievous glint in those blue eyes. “And now seems to be as good of a moment as any.” Cas takes Dean’s hand as he falls down to one knee.
He’s looking around, about to settle for some blonde when dark hair and blue eyes walks through the door and takes a seat a couple of chairs down from Dean.
Dean makes his way to the couch and begins his nightly ritual of binge watching some show, making his way through a beer or two, and while he waits for Cas to come home.
Cas nods into Dean’s neck, holding onto him tighter as the tears begin to fall. All the emotions from today all hitting him at once.
Damn Cas for scrubbing him clean after a job. For standing there with him as the dirt, blood, and sweat washes down the drain.
After a few hours, some empty brotherly threats, and two broken light bulbs, the ceiling fan is up and functional.
“Hey there hot stuff,” She greets, “Thanks but no thanks. You’re pretty and all but I dig the chicks. Thanks for the interest though.”
“Finally,” he hears his brother whisper under his breath as he and Charlie make their way back to the counter.
“Hello. I think these got delivered to my house by accident. I assume you’re Dean since I know what Sam and Ruby look like.” Dean is so entranced by his bright blue eyes and honey smoked voice that he doesn’t even register the other man holding his skates.
Except Dean doesn’t date coworkers. He made the mistake of doing it once before, and he will not do it again. Things can get too messy after.
He must look a bit crazy because Charlie feels the need to clarify, “We cool, because like this is mine and Cas’ favorite study spot and I would hate to have to find another one because you turn out to be a creep.”
Dean shakes his head no, “What about that ring would make you think I would like something like that? You know me Cas.”
“Although I applaud you for getting a date with that lame ass pick up line, terms are terms. And you didn’t meet them. Please drop off Baby early, so me and my lady can enjoy our weekend.”
“I didn’t sneeze and God did not bless me.” The man says. Dean can hear Jo and Charlie snickering from the table.
Sam opens the camera app on his phone to record his brother’s reaction, and waits for Dean to open the door.
“You’re right I could have,” the guy confesses, “But I figured you had it since you decided to move in the middle of August.” He snarks back.
Everything happens in a bit of a blur. One moment he’s calmly confronting Cas about not coming home last night and the next he’s snatching Cas’ work from him and demanding attention.  They're both shouting at the top of their lungs trying to get their points across.
Granted this is more on the tamer side of what usually comes out of his mouth when talking about his boyfriend, but it’s still a bit too raunchy to be talking about in front of his coworkers.
He settles for a simple wellness check; “Umm, you alright there buddy?” he points to the concoction sitting in front of blue eyes.
Dean’s sitting on the couch by the window refreshing the UPS package tracking page as if it’s going to give minute by minute updates of his package. They have been “out for delivery” for the better part of the day and Dean is over the bullshit. He’s ready to hope in Baby and track down that damn ugly ass brown truck.
The morning light is streaming through the kitchen window bathing the room in a magical golden hue. Cas’ music fills the air. They dance around each other effortlessly, neither getting in the way of the other. It’s like they know exactly where the other is at all times without having to think about it. A great accomplishment in the small apartment kitchen.
And the best part of it all is that Dean actually has a chance with him. And not in the ‘oh were both into guys’ kinda chance but Cas and him have been flirting all brunch.
“How did you get anything paid for and delivered for five dollars? What did you have some special hippie hair coupon?” Dean mocks.
He continues to steal glances but keeps catching the top of the other man’s head, he must be reading something.
He wants to run away. Wants to run away with Cas, and start their version of forever. Wants to promise him the world and spend the rest of his life delivering on that promise.
They laugh, sing, and dance their way through a few songs. Only stopping for Dean to check in on the progress of his cupcakes.
“Whatever. Wasn’t by choice, asshole,” Dean defends before walking away.  He doesn’t need to talk to this asshole.
And like every rich kid's story, somewhere between all the stealing, rebelling, and the silent need for his parents love and approval, Dean lost who he was.
Jo looks at Charlie conspiringly, “You get one shot to use that stupid line on some poor schmuck within the next thirty minutes. If you’re able to get their number I’ll cook you dinner every night for a month. But if you strike out, I get to borrow Baby for the weekend.”
Charlie rolls her eyes. She’s used to his self-deprecating humor, “You know that’s not what I meant, so knock it off.”
“Castiel Novak, I knew I loved you since before I met you. I’ve never believed in love until I began loving an angel. I love you with all that I am and I want to spend the rest of my life by your side as one.” Dean takes a steadying breath. “Will you marry me?”
“I am hilarious,” Cas says as he tucks himself behind Dean. “And financially responsible. We only have to celebrate our anniversary every four years.”
“Surprise! We had a boy!” Cas tries for humor. He’s learned that if he can get Dean to laugh at something, he’ll be forgiven quickly. Dean just stares at him blankly.
Deep down he knows he doesn’t deserve the pure love of his angel. Damn the selfish part of him that wants to keep Cas close, to hold on to his love forever.
“Yeah. I’ll follow you to the ends of the universe and anywhere after that,” Cas promises. He places a kiss softly on Dean’s lips, “I love you.”
It’s a soft back and forth, that soon grows into Cas being spun across the hardwood floor, only to dipped when he returns back into Dean’s arms.
Dean’s father believes that taking him as his plus one to some fancy schmancy party at some fancy schmancy house every once in a while will make up for all the lack of parenting he experienced when he was younger.
“It’s okay, Cas. It’s-” Dean cuts himself off. Cas’ words finally reach his ears. “What did you say?”
Dean rents them a cabin for the weekend during Winter. It’s their first vacation together.  They make snowmen, snow angels, and drink hot chocolate on the porch. They get into several snowball fights and warm up next to the fire. After dinner, they sit on the porch with a hot toddy and stargaze. Cas cuddles into Dean’s arms as he points out the constellations above.
Dean takes the out he’s so graciously been given and heads to the bar. He’s nursing a drink when his favorite security guard takes a seat next to him, “Break time already?”
Every Tuesday and Thursday for the rest of the semester goes pretty much the same. Dean annoys Cas within an inch of his life and Cas makes smartass remarks and empty threats to Dean.
They make their way back to the main area, doing their best to put themselves back together, when John spots them and beckons Dean over.
“It’s nice to see everyone dressed up.” Dean admits to Charlie. They’re standing in line for the bar.
Baby is perfect for the drive-in. Dean remembers going to the drive-in when he was little, all of them piled up front to watch the movie. Their mom would make special treats to bring with them, along with a blanket, just in case they got cold. Dean does the same. He packs a picnic basket to the brim with all of Cas’ favorite snacks, drinks, and his moms’ special treats. He grabs a blanket to cuddle under and they head to watch Cas’ first drive-in movie.
Once Dean is back home, he has the time to overthink and overanalyze every word shared between them. He begins to wonder if he made a mistake telling Cas how he felt. Wonders if Cas is using studying as an excuse not to talk to him.
Cas’ grabs his hand and pulls him down into his lap. He’s taken it far enough and lets Dean know exactly how much he loves him. “I’d go Frank Castle on them. I hunt down every single one of those sons of bitches and bathe in their blood.”
Thankfully it’s their turn to grab their drinks, so they don’t have to entertain the mean girls and Lisa any longer.
“Yeah, my friend just reminded me of something I gotta do this weekend,” Dean explains. He holds his hand out for Cas, “ready to eat the best burgers you’ve ever tasted?”
Dean is sitting in after school traffic at Ben’s elementary school. It’s the worst kind of traffic because kids are darting in between cars, parents park in the middle of the street, all while the school aides are doing their best to control it all.
Dean can think of fifty different places he would rather be and a hundred different things he rather be doing. The only upside to these events is the open bar.
All he knows is that he misses his husband something fierce and he doesn’t know how much longer he can be married to a ghost.
He gets distracted by a gorgeous blonde sitting at the bar. He’s not the right build or height, his hair is too blonde, and his eyes are brown. Gorgeous by all means, he’s just not Dean.
Dean’s finals are two weeks before Cas’s and the time in between is becoming too much for him to handle. The promises they once made to each other feel like a distant dream. The calls with Cas have become nonexistent. They still communicate through text, but just barely.
“I’m the guest of a guest,” Dean clarifies. “But come find me on your break, I think we can work something out,” Dean requests.
The windows are rolled down, the ocean air flowing through the car. He loves watching as the sun's rays outline Cas’ silhouette. He glows other earthly, angelic.
“I didn’t want it. Rather have the money than live in a place full of tainted memories,” Dean reminds his brother.
Dean’s mind temporarily short circuits. He thought Cas was flirting with him on his less homicidal days, but he just assumed he was projecting his own deluded feelings.
He and his band of brothers, literally his band is full of his brothers, play the local clubs on the weekend.
Cas takes a moment to check in with himself and despite everything that led up to this movement, he can honestly say that he is. “Yes.”
He can continue his education and leave all this rockstar stuff behind, or he can say yes to one of the record deals he’s been offered and ride that wave for as long as he can. Even if that wave fails, he still has school to fall back on.
“Shit, ok.” Dean groused, scrubbing a hand across his face “Plan stays the same, just gotta make sure I don’t get got by the ghost or my brother.”
Trying to break out of a high-security prison would be easier than breaking out of a deal with the Empty it would seem. For Castiel to be able to return to the mortal plane he and Jack had to make a decision that wouldn’t be taken lightly. Castiel would be allowed to return, but his grace, essentially what made him an angel, would remain in the Empty. And the big dumb baby in a trench coat agreed. And now he’s back. And Dean didn’t know how to cope.
Jody chuckled, “ah, this old thing?” she said stroking her hands down her dress, “had it for years. You need a hand with those?” She said taking the top box from the pile Jack was carrying.
Running a hand through his hair he practically ran back out the room. He wouldn’t. Would he? Sam checked his phone, there was no response from his brother.
“Yeah, I’m- well no, actually. I just got attacked.” Dean’s reply was barely an audible whisper through the receiver, but Castiel was certain he heard his husband-to-be say he was just attacked.
“The room is very nice,” Cas muttered as they followed the others towards the staircase at the furthest end of the hall.
Dean raised an eyebrow stepping aside and letting them both enter. “And it takes two of you to deliver it?”
Sadly, his relief at possibly locating his brother was short-lived. After departing from Jack, he headed towards the spa. The lingering scent of chlorine growing stronger as he drew closer. Passing the large glass window that overlooked the hotels’ pool he found it empty. The locker rooms too. He even went as far as looking in the sauna, gym and asking the receptionist at the spa if he had seen his brother, to which she said no.
After a beat and a breathy chuckle, Dean replied in a barely audible whisper. “Yeah, sorry. They're coming up the stairs, hang on.” And Castiel did. To every breath that Dean puffed down the receiver, trying hard to listen to anything that would give away what he was up to. “Shit,” his sudden whispered profanity startled him, “I think Jacks’ heading your way. Whatever you do, don’t let him know what we're up to. ok? Find out whatever you can and meet me at the Impala.”
Castiel’s hand came to rest on his shoulder. “You look very handsome,” he said proudly, that warm smile widening, reaching his eyes and making them crinkle at the corners. While it had been a front for the venue and all the planning purposes, staring at himself and Castiel’s reflection in the mirror it was almost impossible to know that they weren’t truly father and son. Both dawned in matching dark navy suits, white button-downs and blue ties. Sure, the ties there wore were slightly different shades of blue, a fact that annoyed Sam no end. But Cas had wanted to include something that was truly his on the day, and who was anyone to argue that fact.
“That’s alright, I can take them.” He said cheerily. Carefully stacking the delicate and seemingly flimsy boxes before making his way back up the stairs.
Jody’s smile widened, making the corners of her eyes crinkle as she moved from Eileen and took her cell out of her back pocket, tapping the screen a few times. “Please send help and whisky. I’m being held captive in my own room. Sam is being a real Bridezilla.” Turning the phone toward him, Sam read the message sent from his brother along with Jody’s reply of
. Never had he experienced a feeling so strongly as he did towards the snoozing ex-angel slumped across him.
Cas spun on the spot, seeing that the laptop was now firmly situated on Jack’s lap. His head tilting to the side as he stared at the screen.
Dean just sat there, knees drawn to his chest, forearms resting atop his knees, hand clutching his phone, his wrists hanging over into the empty space. It had only been three days. But they felt like three of the longest days in Dean’s life. They had saved the world. Dean should be proud of that, hell, he
Ducking back down into the hallway he had just come from he did the only thing he could think of. Hide. Pressing his back closest to the wall as he could manage hoping that neither of them saw him. When he was certain that the alarm hadn’t been raised, he dialled Cas’s number.
Jack looked up, that confused frown creasing his youthful face. “He wasn’t at the pool? Did you check the bar?”
His eyes lifted from the carrier to the cocky smirk of his partner, the barrel of the sworn off rested casually on his right shoulder. “You’ve already seen me in
Two of the three boxes looked identical, both containing buttonholes for the grooms and their best men. One was made with a single white rose and a fancy leaf as a backdrop, the handwritten sticker on the box indicating it for the ‘Best Man’. While its box partner was still made from a similar rose it had extra greenery and smaller blue/purplish and white flowers decorating it making it look incredibly flamboyant. Those were for the ‘Groom’. However, in the third box was something called a corsage. A similar arrangement to grooms flowers, but instead of being pinned to a jacket, this one would be worn on Eileen’s wrist.
The apparition flickered into life at the entrance to the crypt. Her face was scornful as she shrieked at the pair, gliding towards Dean with speed, but Cas was quicker, snagging up the gun by his feet he cocked and fired. The salt round sailed over his fiancés head hitting the spectre square in the chest and dissolving her quicker than an ice cube on a hot summer’s day.
Dean sighed, taking his fiancé's hand. His fingers slipping into the space between empty digits like they were meant to fit there. “Look, I just never thought I would get this, y’know, this opportunity. And it scares me man, like, what if I screw everything up, or, you realise you can do better. If it all goes wrong, I… I just don’t want to end up like dad.” As soon as the words fell from his lips the realisation slapped him harder in the face than any sorned lover ever had. John Winchester would never win father of the year, torn up by so much trauma that he became a bitter resentful man. He had seen what true heartbreak could do first-hand, and he never wanted to experience that.
Cas moved, standing over the bag as he angled the flashlight giving him the clearer view he needed. Dean made short work of pulling out the metal container of salt, a small silver lighter, lighter fluid, and an iron crowbar. He also made sure to pull out the second sawn-off shotgun. Just in case. Standing to his full height Dean dusted off his hands and swiped up the crowbar. “Which one?”
get this, there’s a TV in the bathroom!” he beamed, snapping closed the barrel of the second gun. “Your gonna love it.”
Dean lifted his stare to the ceiling. “I mean… everything. I get what I’ve been doing lately, you know, with the yelling and the... acting like I’m a prison guard it's just, it’s not me. And I’m sorry, I really am.” He closed his eyes, hating the deafening silence that rang over the phone line.
Cas physically swallowed, his stare wandering around the room, looking at everything other than Dean. “My being here was… making you uncomfortable. And I thought it best if I just left, saved you a conversation.”
“You look good too,” he said with a smile, his stare meeting Castiel’s in the mirror “it’s been a long time since I’ve seen you in a suit.”
Planting another kiss on his cheek Eileen turned and walked through one of the many archways the branched from the entrance. Jody stepped forward briefly to squeeze Sam’s shoulder and whisper “Stop stressing out. Everything is going to be fine” in his ear before moving away to follow his fiancée. “And go check on your brother,” she called over her shoulder before disappearing out of slight.
Dean throws his hands up in frustration, “so you’d just let me die? That’s great. That’s just fine. Fuck me I guess. I can really feel the love from my husband,” Dean grumbles as he stands to walk out of the room.
“Oh my gosh, Cas that’s amazing!” Dean says excitedly, “why didn’t you tell me sooner? You let me bitch about my dumb problems.”
They end up in one of the bedrooms, and as soon as the door closes, Cas is on him. He pushes Dean against the wall and kisses Dean until he’s a whimpering mess.
“Perfect! You can kill two birds with one stone. Grab us those pastries and I’ll introduce you to Cas. You can ask him on a date and let your brother know who you were actually interested in. And if he turns out to be an asshole, I’m here to back you up, kid!” She pats him on the shoulder.
Dean stands in the doorway of his and Cas’ living room and watches as his boyfriend struggles to put together the entertainment stand they bought from their last Ikea trip. He’s got about 85% of the pieces scattered around him and the other 15% (incorrectly) assembled.
Everyone is getting along well. Bonding over various things and flirting with one another. Well, that’s just Benny and Dean’s coworker Andrea.
Dean reaches out and turns Cas’ chin so he’s facing him, bowing his head slightly to meet his eyes. “Say it again,” Dean requests with a soft smile.
She’s the sister he never knew he needed. Which is why he cannot understand why he’s now having to compete with for her attention against some loser named Cas that she works with.
Cas makes some very good points. Especially numbers three and five, those two are very important to Dean.
Dean didn’t realize he was in love with his best friend until Cas had already fallen in love with someone else. He didn't accept those feelings until Cas got engaged. By then, it was too late. He couldn’t steal Cas’ chance at happiness from him.
“Better let me go,” Cas warns, “I don’t don’t know how much longer I can keep myself from kissing you.”
“It was very nice meeting you all but I just got called into work. Enjoy the rest of your evening. See you all later.” Cas says to the mixed group of friends and coworkers. He turns and asks Dean to walk him out and Dean gladly takes them out.
Dean remembers why he felt so deeply for Cas. It wasn’t his good looks, his way with words, or even the way he makes Dean feel so completely loved. It’s the way that he can so easily admit that he’s done wrong.
They finally finish around 9 pm. Relaxing on the couch while nursing an ice cold beer and waiting for their pizza to arrive.
Dean sticks to fantasizing about him during his personal time, one of his favorite forms of self-care.
Dean kindly flips her the bird as he watches Cas make his way back towards the center of their makeshift stage and away from Dean.
He knows it took him a long time to admit that he had feelings for the other man and even longer to actually admit them to Cas himself.
Before Cas has a chance to answer Dean pulls him down for a hug.  Despite whatever is dissolving between them, Cas is still his best friend.
He can’t see it but he knows it’s there. No matter how hard he scrubs, the blood only seems to darken, to spread.
“No Dean,” Charlie confirms over while pouring her third bowl of cereal. “You’re still my best friend.”
“I feel like I need a shower after watching you eye fuck the entire practice,” Sam says from off to the side where he and Jess were watching the band go through their line up for their upcoming gig at The Roadhouse.
“All I’m saying is that I’ve never known us as a couple. I want to take some time to explore that more.”
“You’re lucky I wasn’t actually asking you. You would have been pissed at yourself for ruining the moment.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “Look, if you’re not really in the mood for Christmas this year, I totally understand. It’s your first one away from Cas, and I get it. So how about we do what we used to do when we were little, you can cook us dinner and we can exchange gifts, but nothing over five bucks?”
That’s not entirely fair, it’s not like they fell out of love. Dean certainly is still in love with Cas and he believes Cas is still in love with him. The problem is that Cas puts everything else before Dean.
Maybe after dinner, or while they’re watching one of Cas’ favorite movies. Maybe Dean will take him on a late night walk and he can tell him under the moonlight. Maybe he coaxes Cas into dancing with him in the living room, to some 80’s love songs.
“I haven’t been a twink in years,” Dean answers as he flexes his arm muscles. “Plus I’d be considered your sugar baby.”
“Hey Cas, this is Dean. Dean, this is Cas.” Charlie introduces. “Dean has something to ask you, Cas?”
A few minutes later his phone pings with a new notification, he looks down and notices some random number is trying to airdrop him a note.
He’s waited months for them to be in-stock and now they only thing keeping him away from true happiness is some scrawny UPS guy. Garth is usually pretty cool but right now, he is not Dean’s friend.
Dean turns to Cas, who at least has the decency to look sheepish, “Yeah he was just showing me around.”
“No, because I don’t want a shiny piece of metal distracting me.” Dean reaches up and caresses Cas’s face. “You...this-,” he uses his other hand to gesture between the two of them, “is too important to lose.” Dean declares.
The band is saying their last “thank-yous” of the night to the crowd at The Roadhouse when Dean interrupts, much to the surprise of everyone, and he announces that he has one more song he’d like to sing. The band stares at him confused but moves off to the side of the stage when Dean shoos them away.
Dean looks at his brother trying to figure if there’s a point to all the words that are currently coming out of his mouth. Sam always has something to say about everything. Ever since they were little, his brother has always had an opinion on everything and he has always voiced it. It’s one of his personality traits that Dean finds the most annoying. Usually he would tell him just to ‘shut the fuck up’ but since he’s been staying with him and his fiance for the last couple of months rent free while he looks for a new job and a new home, Dean’s doing his best to bite his tongue.
Dean walks over to Cas’ phone and hits the back button; the opening chords to the previous song filling the room once again.
“If I didn’t love you, I would have left you here to fend for yourself, while I went out with Gabe.” Cas reminds him.
Dean and Charlie have been best friends since middle school. Dean remembers meeting the sassy nerdy redhead in math english and they’ve been inseparable ever since.
See the difference between Charlie and Dean is that Charlie enjoys hanging out with their coworkers outside of work. Dean, not so much.
“Christmas has never been about for us. It’s always been about family. It’s about celebrating how much you care about them,” Sam says from the couch. “But mostly it's about spending time together.”
He lets himself daydream of objecting to their union and whisking Cas away. But when it’s actually time for objections, the words get stuck in his throat.
“I know. Honestly, I only asked for your help because I think it’s so cute when you try.” He says as he sits next to Cas and starts looking over the directions.
He calls him but after a few rings it goes to voicemail. He gets a text from Cas shortly after, ‘still at the office.’
Dean’s heart picks up speed as Cas begins to say his vows. The words sound so pretty falling from his lips, too bad they’re being said to the wrong person. Inias shouldn’t be the one Cas promising his vows to, it should be Dean but he realized his feelings for Cas too late.
Dean’s watched his marriage fall apart for the better part of a year. He can’t continue to feel like he’s the only one trying to keep it alive. He’s tired.
They’re almost done with their third movie when a knock finally echos from the door. Dean quickly turns to Sam with curiosity and excitement etched into his face, “that my gift?”
“Yeah...yeah. Point is that I finally pulled it out and realized the love of my life was right there in front of me.” This time when Cas leans in for a kiss, Dean lets it land. “Plus that just means I can ask you to marry me sooner rather than later.”
Dean tries to quietly call him. Hissing his name in anger but his giant of a brother just ignores him.
And because they live in an apartment and Dean didn’t want to accidentally damage the walls by trying to mount it; he let him buy it.
The second time was out of pity. Cas was having a terrible day and nothing was cheering him up. Dean took him to go get ice cream and even a scoop of his favorite, cookies & cream, didn't do much to bring him out of it. Dean knows the calming effect Baby has, and offers Cas to keys.
So Dean doesn’t take these playful carefree moods for granted. He just wishes that they didn’t involve him being pinned down and attacked by Cas nimble fingers.
The song ends with another guitar solo from Cas and the two of them finish out the last couple of lines.
He doesn’t know what to expect from the other man. If he should be preparing himself for another argument or-. Dean doesn’t even know what the alternative could be.
“You would have been embarrassed that I told your ass no in front of all these nice people,” Dean says, remembering that they are in front of a small crowd of friends.
Cas finishes his food and throws his chicken and rice in a bowl. He grabs the ginger pills, and two glasses of water before making his way to the living room. Cas puts his food and the water on the table before helping Dean to sit up.
Dean sighs frustrated, “That’s not the point Cas. I just want to know if my life was on the line you would go all John Wick on someone.”
He gets it, 7:00 am classes are rough, and granted he doesn’t know anything about his classmate’s personal life but that combination seems deadly.
Dean asks Cas to move in with him once his lease is up. After spending the weekend at the cabin, it’s all Dean wants. He wants Cas to be the last thing he sees at night and the first thing he sees in the morning. Even if he’s an asshole before he drinks his second cup of coffee.
“Hmm, well since I had you looking all over for me on Saturday, let me make it up to you. Let me take you to lunch today.”
Looking back, he can’t really pinpoint the exact moment their relationship shifted into something more. It’s something that happened gradually. In between the hellos and goodbyes, the random road trips, the late night confessions, and the early morning whispers. Over the years of friendships that eventually twisted and turned into something deeper.
Dean goes back to wiping down the counter and taking the occasional coffee order. He stops by their table every so often to check in, grab them any refills, but mostly he keeps to himself.
But he was tired of running. Running from monsters, his past, himself. It’s just cold feet right, that’s totally normal. Ironic to think that standing in a room full of his closest friends and family telling them all how he felt about the man standing across from him, was more terrifying to him than any hunt, monster or apocalypse he had ever encountered.
The question seemingly making the man jump, as he quickly tried to calm his composure, crossing his arms as he leant casually against the door frame towards their shared bathroom. “Me. I’m fine Cas. Say, you haven’t by chance spoken to Dean, have you?”
Sam swung his weapon again, soon followed by Jack. She seemed to be reappearing quicker and each attempt was one step closer to Dean. She was a breath away from Dean when Castile swung the fire poker, inches away from hitting Dean square in the chest. “Careful with that!”
“Gunshot” Sam finished. A shotgun blast if he wasn’t mistaken. The sound sounded close by, but in the echo of the forest, it would be hard to pinpoint exactly where.
Castiel took a moment to consider his offer, but he moved from the door. Walking passed the laundry Dean forgot to do earlier and sat tentatively on the edge of his bed with enough space between them to park a speed boat. “I… I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.” He admitted, his gruff timbre voice sounding more horse than it ever did.
“That’s awesome,” Sam replied, his gaze still shifting around the room. Cas and Jack’s bags both sat neatly beside the dresser, but no sign of Dean’s things. The twin beds were boxy, not leaving a lot of space for anything to crawl under to hide. There were no closets built into the walls to sneak into, and the drapes that hung from the window finished halfway up the wall which would clearly reveal the legs of any persons trying to use them as cover. While Jack sat on the bed furthest from Sam, the other was still crisply made, not a wrinkle or dishevelment insight. No one hiding under there either.
“Cas, I’m going to need your hand with this” Dean interrupted with a huff. The bar slipping from the wall again, but still firmly grasped in his hands.
Slipping the duffle bag from his shoulder Dean walked up to the main entrance. Laying his own items to rest by the bag he helped clear away the vines and ivy that snaked its way around the entrance. With sharp harsh tugs to the branches, they managed to clear enough to see the door beneath, tossing the debris behind them. The door was solid-looking, ornate decorative patterns inscribed into the frontage, one long slender handle reaching from the top of the door to the bottom. Taking a section each, the men pulled at the door. it didn’t budge at first, but after another few solid tugs, the door swung open with surprising ease.
With a spring in his step, he headed to the reception. Sure enough, Melissa was waiting behind the desk with three small white boxes sitting beside her. “Sorry,” she said sheepishly as Jack approached, pushing the boxes towards him. “I would have brought them up myself, but I’m technically not allowed to leave the desk until my cover arrives.”
Dusting his hands off Castiel stepped back over towards the phone scooping it up, while Dean moved back towards the duffle. “I may not have been fully honest with you Jack. That research I had you do… It was to help Dean”
… and I… I love you. I can’t… I can’t help it.” Dean swallowed, forcing the unexpected lump that rose in his throat to subside.
As he reached the landing one of the guest rooms closest to him opened suddenly as Jody Mills stepped out. “My, my.” She said her gaze casting up and down Jack’s frame “Don’t you look handsome.”
Castiel sighed deeply as another faint rustle of fabric caught his attention and the distinct click of a bedside lamp flicking on. There it was again, the words on the tip of Dean’s tongue, dying out as soon as he opened his mouth to speak.
Castiel adjusted the shotgun that rested on his shoulder while juggling the flashlight in his free hand, grateful that Dean had offered to carry the duffle bag, unsure that he would have been able to manage it. The beam from the torch bounced from tree to tree, casting misshapen shadows around them as the pair kept in step following the small path. A path that they hoped led to the crypt. The map Cas had found was dated. There was no way of even knowing if the crypt was still there, maybe it got demolished years ago when the place was turned into a resort, which would explain the state of the path they walked on. But if her body wasn’t there to burn, then that would lead to bigger problems. They walked for what felt like an eternity when something caught Cas’s eye through the trees.
“You can tear me a new one later,” his brother grumbled “but right now we gotta keep moving. Go. Back to the hotel.”
They reached the top of the landing, a squared strip of walkway that rounded the entrance hall like a balcony which splintered off into 3 different directions towards the guest rooms. He followed Jack down the narrow corridor, numbered doors on either side of them as their muffled footfalls met with the scarlet carpet. Sam managed to reach his room first, bidding a brief “see you in a sec” to Jack as he continued down towards his room. He managed to fumble his room key out his back pocket, trying hard to juggle the suits and not to drop them while sliding the card key into the electronic lock.
Turning his attention back to the maid, she already began busying herself reloading more towels into the closet. “So, you’ve seen her too?” he found himself asking.
Turning back to gaze at one another they both smiled. “Let’s do this,” Dean answered for them, their hands gripping tighter in affection. His brother smiled, dropping the book from his chest he opened it and turning out to the congregation of faces looking at all of them.
“Hey kid,” Dean said leaning into the phone as Cas moved to his side with the crowbar wedged once again between the headstone and the wall. The pair gripped the iron rod and both pushed, the headstone giving slightly but not falling away.
[As much as I would enjoy a swim right now, I would not like to imagine the wrath of your brother if he found out we snuck out. I miss you too x]
A large velvet sofa with a matching armchair sat angled in the centre of the room, giving a view of the small TV that was perched on a low-down table and the iron cast fireplace. Beside that was the large floor to ceiling bay window where Dean currently stood, filling the room with light and a nice view of what would later be the sunrise that they could watch from the comfort of their big ass fancy bed. The bathroom alone was bigger than Dean’s room at the bunker. Separated from the main room by a brick archway it had all the main necessities, sinks, vanity unit, separate shower cubical and a deep roll top bathtub that had another TV mounted into the tiled wall at the tap end.
proud of that. Chuck was gone. Jack was the new force to be reckoned with, and everything is how it should be… right?
“I’m fine. Just a little rattled . Did Jack bring his laptop? I need you to look up something for me.”
“You guys look great” Sam commented, roughly drying his hair with the towel as he wandered over to the dresser to examine the flowers as Jack tentatively placed them on the wooden surface, while casually swapping out the towel for the white button-down shirt that lay on the bed.
“I know that look.” Dean practically jumped out of his skin; his startling reaction was seemingly completely disregarded by one of the hotels' maids. She chuckled deeply and she folded towels, picking them from her maid cart and loading them into a nearby stock closet. She was a stout elderly lady, jet back hair rolled into a neat bun and a sweet Louisiana lilt to her tone. “Sorry sugar, didn’t mean to spook you. But you better put that thing down before you take someone’s eye out with it.” She looked over her shoulder, her eyebrow arched expectantly. Dean only now realising that he was brandishing the fire poker in defence. His raging heart still beating out a samba rhythm as he lowered the weapon.
“No, no, no” Dean cut him off knowing exactly where he was going, and Dean didn’t want to hear it. But he charged into that gateway and burst right through it. “Listen to me, listen. It wasn’t… you didn’t do anything, you understand that? … and
“Seen? Seen who?” Dean asked, trying to conceal the fire poker as best he could from the maid while simultaneously wiping away another fresh trickle of blood from his forehead.
What made it worse was that Dean was unintentionally avoiding him. Didn’t help that the two of them didn’t share anything more than small talk and pleasantries after the fact. Wishing a
walk through the lobby, not wanting to direct any unwanted attention. Sam was still on a vigilant lookout for another attack, but seemingly all he encountered was an elderly couple walking out of the saloon with a perplexed look. Sam greeted them warmly with a nod following the trio up the stairs and to the right, heading towards Dean’s room.
“I just got jumped.” He said turning back to the trunk and depositing the gun into the karki green duffle bag. “I’m in the room, minding my own business. Next thing I know I’m being tossed about the place like a damn rag doll.” Lifting out two EMF meters he placed one in the bag in front of him and another in his jacket pocket. “Managed to hold her off with this though” scooping up and brandishing what looked like a thick black, heavy fire poker. It had been lying atop of their usual arsenal of weapons, before Dean rested it against Baby’s chrome bumper. “Lucky the rooms got a proper fireplace.” He commented zipping up the duffle bag and thrusting the canvas carrier into Cas’s hands.
“Wow, Eileen. You look amazing.” Jody squeaked. Jack looked towards the bathroom as Eileen stepped out into the main room, and she was right. Her normally straight hair was curled, falling delicately onto her shoulders in soft bouncy ringlets, her makeup, while still keeping a natural look was flawless and extenuated her natural beauty even more. And the floor-length teal gowned, (a colour purposely chosen to be a mix of the two ‘theme’ colours) clung to her petite frame elegantly and stylishly.
“Out for a walk?” he replied unconvincingly with a small shrug. Sam stood a little taller, arms coming across his chest as he glowered at the kid. “he’s…. he’s with Dean.”
“There’s a library on the top floor,” Sam added, his arms relaxing away from his chest. One hand pushing through his hair while the other hung limply at his side. “More like a museum. Full of stuff about the history of this place, me and Eileen were nosing round it earlier. Maybe that might give us a clue.”
“We got all the time in the world for that,” Dean murmured with a smirk. Moving in close and pressing a kiss on the shell of his ear lobe. Not missing the sharp intake of breath and shiver that trembled throughout Cas’s body as the tension melted into the mattress. Oh yeah, he was definitely looking forward to
“If you hit him, make sure it doesn’t bruise. Y’know, for the photos,” Sam joked with a smirk. As he took his tie and fastened it around his neck with annoying ease.
A distinct clatter came from behind him, one that made Castiel turn to examine. His fiancé had fetched the duffle bag from outside and dumped it unceremoniously on the floor in the centre of the room, hands digging around inside as he crouched over the opened bag. “Bring that light over here would ya.”
He let out a deep sigh, eyes lifting from the floor to consider him, “I told him you’d get mad,” he replied quietly after a beat. “He’s been texting me constantly since we arrived.” Cas met his gaze sheepishly “I wasn’t sure if it was against the not seeing each other rule.”
He was talking with the concierge of the hotel, going over all the last-minute details of the big day tomorrow. Melissa had been super helpful with everything, helping Sam plan everything down to the most ridiculous minor detail, but even now, his patience was starting to wain thin.
More silence, Dean taking a moment to collect himself, basking in it. “Dean I…” Cas started, but he sighed deeply, “everything feels different.”
But he was cut off by a yell followed by a crashing, tree branches snapping and splintering as Dean was hurled through the air, slamming back-first into a nearby tree. “DEAN!” All three of them seemed to yell out in unison. Sam leapt from his place, but Cas reached him first, discarding the gun and flashlight he had been carrying to rush to his fiancé’s side. Dean groaned, his hand coming to cup the back of his head.
“Oh… I-I’m fine” Castiel responded, his voice echoing around the small, tiled space as Sam pulled the light cord to illuminate the bathroom. Empty.
Sam huffed with amusement and a shake of his head “Yeah. He’s a pain. Well… I got some more stuff to do so I’ll leave you to your comic books,” he said with a smile as he turned to head out the door. “Oh,” he suddenly realised, turning to Jack, the door to their room wide open, “could you go give Eileen and Jody a hand downstairs. I might be a while.” Jack nodded, his boyish smile returning as he moved the laptop to the comforter and slid off the bed, following Sam out the room.
Jack hummed in agreement, “Sam did say there were a few,” he replied with a nod and a small smile. “But nothing anyone could confirm.”
“Wedding crap?” Castiel echoed, his eyebrow raised towards his husband-to-be, a small smirk tweaking his lips. He’s not annoyed, not even a little bit, but Dean’s reaction was worth it.
“Yeah. In every picture here she’s wearing the same goofy hat.” He said tapping the glass with his index finger as his fiancé moved closer to him, inspecting the same image
Seemingly equal parts satisfied and concerned that his brother wasn’t in here he turned to Cas, crossing his arms and trying to air as casually as possible.
Dean’s smiled to himself as that beautiful gruff monotoned sound sent shivers down his spine. Hearing a second chair pull out from the small table he chuckled at Sam’s stammering. “Cas man?! Where have you been? I did laps around this place looking for you.”
Sam beamed as Jody Mills strode towards him, her wide smile greeting them, matching Sam’s in verbatim. “What are you doing here?” He asked pulling away from his fiancée, stepping around her to pull Jody into a hug, rocking her side to side. “You’re not supposed to be here until tomorrow.”
“Well, we wouldn’t be very good hunters if we didn’t at least look into the lore.” He bluffed. Feeling his insides sag with relief when Jack looked up at him beaming over the edge of the screen. That boyish grin plastered from ear to ear.
“Jack. I’m going to put you on speaker.” Cas stated, not hearing his reply as he pressed the speaker icon and placed his phone on a nearby shelf in amongst some dusty stone urns.
Castiel sprang into action, with his camera phone he snapped a picture of the last image and slammed the lid to the laptop shut. Darting across the room to pull on his boots and swiping the room key from the top of the dresser. He hesitated slightly as his hand reached the door handle. Creaking the door open just enough to poke his head out, he checked each direction of the hallway to make sure the coast was clear. To his left nothing but an empty hallway and the cleaning maid’s cart. To the right, the backs of Jack and Sam grew smaller as they headed towards the grand staircase that led towards the main reception. As they rounded a corner and disappeared towards the stairs Castiel made his move. Slipping quietly out the room he hurried down the hallway following the path his family had taken.
Jack chuckled, snapping the box shut and safely securing them inside his jacket pocket. “No pressure then.”
Castiel’s heart plummeted. He can’t have heard his conversation with Dean surely, that was impossible. Unless humans really did possess those ridiculous superpowers Jack’s comics flaunted. Unable to even look the brother in the eye his gaze found the floor, trying to think of anything to throw Sam off the trail. “No-No I haven’t”
Dean smiled, the first genuine, honest to god (to Jack) grin he had shared all day. Well, for the last three days. He scooted closer, this he could do, this he knew how to do. His heart pounded in his chest; almost certain the thing was going to bust out his rib cage as he closed the gap. Capturing his slightly chapped lips in a soft chaste of a kiss. The sharp intake of breath that came from Castiel made him chuckle. The wide owlish stare almost made Dean laugh out loud. But the smile that stretched across Castiel’s face took his breath away. The soft tremble of his bottom lip, the single tear rolling down his cheek that Dean chased away with the pad of his thumb.
A swim. He’s just gone for a swim. Sam couldn’t hide the sigh of relief as he chuckled. “Of course he did. Texting him is fine by the way, as long as you don’t bow to his peer pressure.”
“Whatever you do kid, don’t let him know what we’re doing, ok,” Dean added, finally flicking the lighter into life with a large yellow-orange flame. “Keep him occupied”
“We know you do,” Jody added, squeezing his chin lovingly. “But you’re running yourself ragged. So let me help. Give me a glue stick and some glitter and point me in the direction you need me.” She said waving her hands out to the sides as if waiting for the said glue stick and glitter to be placed in her palms.
“Good.” He replied, shutting the light back off and returning to the main room, “the nerves kicking in yet?”
With a flicker, the ghost of a tall woman appeared beside them. Vengeful glare pinpointed on the couple, long flowing white gown dancing on a non-existent breeze, she raised her hand. “CAS!” Dean bellowed.
Jacks cell phone buzzed in his pants pocket. Slipping the phone out he saw Sam’s name flash up across the caller ID and accepted the call. “Hey, the flowers have arrived. Could you head down and collect them for me.” He asked, “I’ve just got out the shower and Eileen’s putting on her make-up.”
Sam threw his head back with a bark of a laugh, knowing his brother he would leave everything to the last minute and would probably have them marry in some run-down mom and pops diner off the highway that quoted having the ‘Best Pie in the State’. “We could ask Cas?” Sam suggested with a shrug, “at least he would make some kind of effort.”
“Shit” he muttered, retreating out the room to venture into the one last possible location that Dean could be. The main reception room was under transformation. When they arrived, it was just a large empty open space. But now 4 large round tables sat in the middle of the room covered in a white linen cloth as staff fluttered about laying out wine glasses and cutlery. A solid looking dance floor had been laid at the far end of the room, above which Jody was hanging a ‘Congratulations’ banner, under the instruction of his fiancée. Jack was in charge of candles, lining each table with the designated amount and placing them perfectly in the flowerless centre. he moved swiftly toward the kid. “Hey. You seen Dean?”
Staring down at the canvas zip line bag in his hands he sighed. So much for a nice relaxing evening. “Maybe we should have gone swimming after all.” He mused.
Dean shared a small half-smile, suddenly aware of the warm tingling sensation of blood trickling down the back of his neck. His hand coming to rest on his fiancé’s jaw, “I’m ok Sweetheart.”
The heavy weight on his chest was what woke him, he was pretty sure it had been there all night, but with his body slowly and unwillingly coming into consciousness he was very aware of it. A splay of dark hair under his chin along with an arm draped across him. Castiel’s body pressed tightly up against Dean’s, clinging onto him like a life preserver as soft snores escaped him. He smiled, his own arm wrapping around Cas’s torso, sliding over the fabric of his t-shirt. His trail stopping dead at the feel of bare skin and the jut of a hipbone. His shirt had ridden up in his sleep. Softly and carefully Dean extended his fingers, half still in the land of fabric sleep ware, while his pinkie and ring finger lay in unknown territory. He felt warm, soft, Dean wanting to explore more. But there was time for that later. And god, was Dean looking forward to it. But… baby steps. Sure, they may have spent the night together, fully clothed and in Deans bed. But that next step, while exciting as hell, was also really freakin’ terrifying.
Jack gave his thanks as he moved a few doors down until they reached Sam’s room. Jody knocked the door on his behalf, and it instantly swung open. Sam’s damp hair clung to his head; towel wrapped around his shoulders.
Jack flinched at Sam’s outburst. He moved from the dresser to sit beside the laptop on his bed, turning the computer so Sam could look at the screen. It was a map, that was clear enough to see, but as Sam took a step closer it was clear that it wasn’t just any old map, it was a simple looking schematic of this hotel and its grounds. “Dean was attacked. By a ghost. They’re salting a burning her right now”
“That’s not true. You’re part of this family.” Of course he is, he always was. Dean leaned against the wall, he was never one for eavesdropping, but something in his gut told him he needed to stay quiet. After a long stretch of silence, He heard Sam mutter “Where will you go?”
As soon as they were given the keys to their respected rooms Sam had them both on lockdown. Neither he nor Cas was allowed to help with the preparation for tomorrow (which, Dean was glad of, to be honest) but he soon realised that meant he wasn’t allowed to see anyone. Especially Cas.
“Only one way to find out” Dean murmured, sliding the duffle bag from his shoulder and dropping it to the floor, resting his shovel weapon beside it to rummage for the small black lock pick pouch that he knew was nestled inside. An icy freeze wrapped around them, the hairs standing to attention on Dean’s neck as goosebumps rose across his skin.
The walk to the lobby was quick, seemingly walking at a near jog level of pace, pushing through the front doors into the front courtyard. The sun now setting behind the hotel, casting the sky in early dusk greyish blue, a few stars breaking through the clouds as they twinkled down on them. Opening the email Sam examined the map, “Ok, if this is the entrance” he said pointing at his phone to show Jack “then a path should lead-”
Dean blinked a few times, trying to register his words. “O-okay… thank you.” The tension in his shoulders relax a little. But still feeling like he was walking on eggshells.
She appeared, eyes wide staring down at the hat, looking back up at Dean as her translucent shape started to take on a new orange glow. “No!” she screeched. Imitated flames spread up her torso as she continued to scream, and within seconds the spectre burned up quicker than a piece of paper.
The path they followed was a less travelled one. The cobbled stones beneath their feet were uncared for compared to the rest of the hotel. The stones falling away, crumbling, stained by the nature that surrounded and years of built-up dirt. Shades of darkest greens and mossy browns, blending it almost perfectly with the soil of the woodland floor. The further they walked into the forest the darker it seemed to become, the thick canopy overhead shielding them from the fast-dyeing light of the day, casting the floor below into a premature gloom. The warm and welcoming hotel fading behind them with every step deeper into the unnerving and near-silent woods.
Jack was quick off the draw, closing the door and lining the floor with salt then onto the windows, mimicking Sam’s earlier work. “Ok. Start lookin’” Sam muttered quietly, but the hight of the room carried his voice like he had practically shouted his command. The four of them splintered off into different corners of the room. His eyes scanned the shelves, cabinets glancing over knickknacks when his brother piped up.
However brief his relief had been at seeing Dean safe and well was quickly tarnished by the flecks of dried blood that was sticking to his fiancé’s temple, clotting in his short hair. “You're still bleeding” Castiel observed reaching for his partner and stroking a tentative thumb over the small wound.
As suspected no alarm bells sounded, no police dogs trained by his brother came charging after him and unsurprisingly the world didn’t end when he crossed that threshold. He knew he could have left anytime he wanted. And yes, eventually Dean would have got bored and tried to push his luck against his brother, but for the most part, he just wanted to keep Sam happy. But this was serious business. Trust his brother to pick the only venue with a vengeful spirit. His brain working overtime, he needed to figure out a plan, and quickly.
He wakes up the next morning to Cas swearing at the coffee maker. Deans out of bed in an instant and hastily walks to the kitchen.
He does everything he can to distract him from thoughts of Cas that day, eventually ending up at Charlie’s where they drink and play video games while Dean updates her on the shift between him and Cas.
“Weird how he had to leave in such a hurry. What, did Mcdonalds need more people to take orders?” Josie says jealousy.
Dean must have fallen asleep on the floor because he’s suddenly being shaken awake. He does his best to bat the hand away but eventually gives in and quickly turns over his back to greet the asshole that pulls him from impromptu nap.
Dean nods. He usually isn’t so quick to trust people but something about this guy is settling the storm within him. “You wanna join us for some?” He asks as he holds up his beer, “We also have pizza on the way.”
“Just because someone is your brother, doesn’t make him your friend. Plus three’s company and two's a crowd.”
Dean wonders what exactly the guy did the night before to get his voice to sound like he swallowed a shit ton of gravel. “Do you hate life too?”
Cas shares how it all happened and what cities they would be touring. “The tour starts a week after graduation. We’d be playing Seattle, Austin, Portland, Chicago, Nashville, and a few others.”
“Yeah I did. But I didn’t think it would always be like this. I didn’t think I would be competing with your job and Nick.” The last part slips out by accident. He didn’t want to play the jealous paranoid lover but now that it’s out there, he can finally get the truth.
As always, Dean’s food is incredible. They stuff themselves full of too much food, pie, and beer while watching their favorite holiday movies.
Dean thinks about, really considers it. Graduation is just around the corner. Dean has enough money to get him by, and if things get too bad he can always come back home and follow the path his dad wanted for him.
Dean grew up shouldering the blame for so much, things beyond his control. Cas not only shoulders that weight with him, but removes some of it completely.
He’s unfairly hot and charming, which Charlie forgot to mention, but he’s also got a great personality. Dean can understand why she never shuts up about him.
“Are you serious? I’m about to take him on a date! That’s gotta outweigh getting his number?” Dean looks to Charlie for a judgment call.
They’re both on track to pass the class with flying colors and after completing the final, Dean walks out into the hallway and is greeted by Cas waiting for him with a cup of coffee.
He waits for Dean to put the last trey into the oven and set the timer before pulling him into the tight embrace.
“You did?” Dean asks as he makes his way back to the door. He’s felt so alone this entire process. He’s the only one out of his group that has gone through a divorce. He has no one to talk to.
“Hello,” A random stranger says from outside Dean’s door. “I noticed you were moving in and just wanted to drop by and say hello.”
Things continue the same for them the next following few weeks. Each night Cas seems to come home later and later. Dean eventually stops waiting up for him. Some nights he even allows himself to go out and have some fun with his brother and friends.
“I bet you are.” They both laugh and Dean orders another round for them both. “So is it against protocol to get your name?”
Another 10 minutes pass and still no sneeze from Blue eyes. Dean’s phone pings with a text from Jo; “Tick-tock, Deano! Maybe you should throw some pepper at him!”
“Again, only a sip. Plus I don’t have to scrub in for another two hours. Just getting there early to map about the best incision area.” Cas explains.
Dean rolls his eyes. If he didn’t wait up for him, Dean would probably never see his husband. Cas comes home late and leaves for work early.
Sam quickly nods, and gets up to wash his hands before Dean changes his mind. His brother hates sharing the kitchen and typically never lets anyone in the kitchen with him.
“What if we didn’t exchange gifts this year?” Dean says from the kitchen. “Money’s been tight lately, and we pretty much got everything we need.”
Cas shakes his head while he finishes preparing his dinner. There’s a few minutes of silence before Dean’s demanding attention.
Charlie rolls her eyes before asking Luther to google Castiel Novak and read the first article out loud.
“Told you I wasn’t going to put my life on hold for you, while you got your head outta your ass. Again.” Dean reminds his boyfriend.
“I know. I just want more time to explore being your boyfriend is all. I love you, Castiel Novak. I want forever with you.”
It’s a pattern he’s familiar with. He gets intoxicated enough to dull the pain of not being with Dean, then finds the closest looking consolation prize to go home with. It’s a tried and true method. If not sad and pathetic.
“Hey, I didn’t see you Saturday night,” Dean tries for casual, when he runs into Cas in the breakroom.
Standing on the other side is Cas, dressed in the ugliest Christmas sweater Sam has ever seen. “Hello, Dean,” he says with a grin.
Dean didn’t share his feelings with Cas until the drunken words spilled over the phone during one of late night phone calls. Cas matches his confession in the same manner.
He’s never seen Cas look so lost, confused, and broken. He hates it. He wants to wrap Cas in his arms and take it all away.
“The day I met you I knew I was supposed to be by your side, to be your husband. Dean you were so beautiful I had to remind myself to breathe. Then I got to know what a truly amazing, supportive, and understanding person you are. I remember during our wedding promising every God out there, that I would do all I could to keep you happy, to make sure you knew how much I love you, how much I adore you, and how much I can’t live without you. Somewhere, somehow I lost track of that,” Cas confesses. “I am ashamed that I broke all of my promises to you. I’m ashamed that it took you leaving for me to notice.”
But he hasn’t talked to Cas in days, and even with the lack of communication, Dean’s still hoping for a miracle. He’s hoping Cas will notice he hasn’t been home in a few days. He’s hoping he’ll hunt him down and beg for a fresh start.
He’s about to graduate college, and according to his father, it’s time for him to ‘grow up and stop with all of this childish shit.’
When Dean pulls away he notices Charlie staring at them from the far corner, she looks more smug than jealous. She throws him a wink before turning to continue the conversation with her other friends.
Cas is used to his husband asking random of the wall questions but this one is a little out there. He also knows Dean is quick to anger so he can’t help but jokingly (but also completely seriously) asks, “Is this your way of putting a hit out on someone…?”
Time passes and the drinks keep flowing and eventually, Dean gets enough alcohol in his system to be coerced into performing a few songs with the band. They even let Luther chime in on a few.
He placed Cas' hands on the piano and covered them with his own, started to play, gently, then froze. He slowly turned his head towards him.
Dean stared at their linked hands before locking eyes with him. Cas' eyes were so blue he might drown.
Despite going to the library every day for the next week and reading maybe every book on lore and stuff, Sam was no closer to discover the cause of Dean and Cas weird behaviour. All he could find about their symptoms was some ridiculously exaggerated fluffy description of "love at first sight" and lovey-dovey feelings.
Castiel, the stoic, stone-faced, unimpressed angel, was humming ? Walking as the weight of the world had been lifted of his shoulders ? That was definitely some weird shit going on.
"I like to keep pictures of people I care about," he confessed, still looking straight past Cas, a fond look on his face. "I guess it started because all I have left of my mom is a faded picture." He pointed at the one at the very center, of a beautiful blonde woman, a man that seemed to be her husband, with a toddler and an infant in their arms. " I have a lot of pictures of my brothers, some with his wife, some with Bobby, Jody, Ellen, Donna, who are like my uncle and aunts, I have some with Jo and Charlie, who are like my sisters." and suddenly the two young women made sense, and Cas felt so ashamed he had to look away from Dean face, so open and fragile.
"Bah, it's fine, it was a long time ago. It actually worked out better when my uncle Bobby - you know him, he works with me - took me and my brother in. Before -" he shuddered. "- it was a rough time."
Cas would have loved nothing more than wallow in his suffering but he was already bone-chilling cold and he knew he would have a bad case of cold tomorrow. He needed to find shelter, and fast.
Dean, bless this simple, not-really-thinking man, had a simple, not-really-thinking schedule. He was up at 5 a.m, grumbled so much about it he woke Sam up, chugged two cups of coffee before going for a long run. He then exercised with his garrison, sometimes ate with them, sometimes at home, and spent until 5 p.m at the base where they did... Whatever they did. He usually came back at 6 after another run, cooked for both of them, then he either blacked out or stayed up until 3 a.m watching shows. No in-between. Sometimes he had to be away for a longer amount of time, due to work and people, but he always told Sam. That was the deal they struck a decade ago : you always tell me when you come home. It was their rule, their mantra, their silver lining.
And Dean, by endlessly fidgeting, not responding to his banter, and going to his room with as much as leaving his plate full, was not helping.
When, after a few hours and a lot of bickering, they reached the house that was now theirs, Sam's jaw nearly hit the dusty road.
Sam jumped back behind the bushes - he actually had self-preservation, thank you - before peering in at them.
Just as he fully took in the chill of the wind, the furious slap of the rain and the occasional strings of lightning and started thinking that maybe it was a bad idea, the door slammed shut behind him, the keys still on the lock inside.
Dean only smiled, warmly, with the kind of secret smile that lighten your face and crinkle your eyes. He held up a pot.
But he would never have thought he would find Dean, his big brother, raw soldier with the brash I-don't-give-a-shit vibe, sitting under a lemon tree with Castiel, angel of the lord, pure energy concentrated in a holy-tax-accountant look.
Cas looked at his table with a little taken-aback look, like he was suddenly surprised to see such thing.
That's why he was already in the house, dripping generously on the floor and ready to slump on the nearest couch, starting to apologize and thank and beg in a confused blur when he recognised his saviour.
This night, when Sam went to sleep, he had already a long list of books to read at the library to check his brother wasn't poisoned, charmed or ensnarled.
This Dean Winchester was totally opposed to the one he knew. Or apparently, thought he knew. Clad in his sweats and tee, scruffy face and fluffy hair, he looked a lot younger, more open, more relaxed. The easy kindness with which he had treated Cas was something he had never encountered in his life before. Was Dean one of those rare people to just act for others? He started to believe it.
Dean scratched the back of his neck, looking a little flustered, and Cas noted with bewilderment the sudden redness of his cheeks.
"Here, let me take your coat." Cas stood there, openly gasping as he took his damp trenchcoat and put it away. He was perfectly still, watching with wonder as Dean moved gracefully around the counter to make some tea. What was going on ?
Ellen's cooking was delicious, as always. As Cas quietly chatted with Sam about his major, Dean had already gulped two slices of pecan pie. He was starting his third when Ellen loudly cleared her throat. Dean stopped, confused, his fork halfway from his mouth.
"Initially it was Sammy who played, then he became much more interested in schoolwork so I took it because it couldn't go to waste. I learned, it's not great."
"Well, I think I must have been for a moment. I mean, who leave their only shelter by a blackout in the middle of a storm without a phone, their keys and appropriate clothing?" He frowned, looking down at his mug. "I definitely was."
"Cas ! Come here, I have to present you," called Dean. He straightened himself before grabbing what seemed to be an overgrown adolescent by the shoulders. "This is Sammy, my baby brother.
"Yeah, I mean," he looked down at his hands. " We're good friends, aren't we ? It could work. And I'm not extremely fond of family Thanksgiving, anyway."
And maybe the fact that Cas himself wasn't immune to his flirty wink was on top of the list, but who checked? Dean Winchester was an arrogant, immature, straight brat of a human and Cas hated him.
Dean's blush went down his neck and Sam bursted out laughing, but they were both smiling wide and Dean's face was still that happy, goofy one that made him want to cry in delight.
He was also looking a little like a deer in headlights, staring back at him with his big, wide green eyes and oh god Cas had just invaded Dean Winchester's apartment and of course how could he forget the across his shop was the garage and how could he be so cute and
But when Sam finally picked his jaw up the floor to ask some questions, Dean was already carrying their bags, looking completely unbothered by the size of the monument before them.
Next thing he knew, Cas was comfortably sitting on a plush sofa, a warm cup of tea in his hands, completely smothered by plaids and comforters of all sorts. "To stop you from shivering," has said Dean with a no-nonsense look that stopped him from arguing. He was currently sitting next to Cas, under way less layers, and seemed to be enjoying a great deal just to be here and silent. It was nice.
"I didn't think about it... I guess it could work. But they know Charlie is a lesbian and Benny has a girlfriend.
"I see you've discovered my family wall." Dean appeared behind him noiselessly and Cas jumped. The apartment was full of candles now and the low light softened Dean's face's lines, and the soft smile he beared melted Cas -
Surprised, he looked over at Dean. He was watching him with intent, clear confusion written all over his face, and suddenly Cas felt a rush of affection for this incredible man who, even without really talking to him before, handed compliment and confidence without thinking.
Dean has spent so many nights alone that sometimes he forgets that he’s married. Cas’ work has always come first but lately, it seems like his work and co-worker are coming before Dean.
“Whatever. Well can you take some time out of your busy schedule of waiting to help me install the ceiling fan in mine and Ruby’s room?”
The only reason Cas is putting it together right now, is because Dean had practically begged him earlier that morning to do so.
“Because I’ve basically been in love with you since the day I met you...ten years ago. Ergo, Charlie is right and you are wrong, my love.” Cas leans in to place a placating kiss on Dean's cheek. Dean leans away and states, “That right? Because you didn’t get serious about us until about a year ago. And then didn’t ask me to be your boyfriend until about five months ago.”
He quickly tosses a few things into his overnight bag, wipes his tears, and makes his way out the door.
Dean creates a spread of all of her brunch favorites, including a mini waffle bar and mimosa station.
Dean’s mood steadily declines the closer they get to Christmas. He’s crankier than usual, and spends his time mostly alone hiding in his room watching those chick-flick movies he always gives Sam a hard time for. He caught his brother sniffling a time or two while those movies were playing. It does perk up when they go to the grocery store to buy everything for dinner and even more so while Dean’s in the kitchen Christmas Day. Cooking has always put Dean in a better mood, ever since they were little, Sam notices how cooking seemed to always put Dean back in neutral.
She was tall, her height exaggerated by the long flowing gown she wore and would probably once have been considered beautiful. But the scornful sneer she possessed coupled with the smeared stains of makeup made her look almost wicked. Her hair once neatly pinned to the side with spiralling curls now looked wrecked, misshapen, much like Sam’s does after a long heavy night’s sleep. She glided closer, feet seemingly not even making contact with the carpet, but Dean didn’t move, not even a flinch. His scowl permeating through the near translucent spectre.
Years of hunting had developed his sense of knowing trouble when he saw it and was always taught to trust that gut instinct, which right now was telling him something was off. He gave the room one last sweep, but nothing seemed out of place. The magazines on the small table between the sofa and the large bay window were left untouched, a used coffee mug sat on the nightstand, and the bedsheets did look a little dishevelled like someone had lay atop and disturbed the fabric.  But there was one glaring piece of evidence that made Sam freeze. Dean’s duffle bag, which had been sitting on the end of his bed, was gone.
“There’s a stairwell at the end of this hallway.” Sam answered as Dean re-joined the gathering, “should take us straight up there.”
Sam stood in the entrance hall, a small boxed space with incredibly high ceilings and carved wood-panelled walls. A candle chandelier made from what looked like Deer antlers hung over the room lighting the space with a soft warming glow. A heavy-set stone fireplace was to his left, sat unlit but could imagine how cosy and wonderfully rustic it would feel when it was ablaze. And behind him was the extravagant winding staircase that led upward to the hotels guest rooms, the same deep scarlet carpet as the entrance hall covered each step, bordered by a beautiful wooden bannister with a large decorative lion perched at the foot of the handrail.
“Thank you, Jack.” He replied sharing the gesture, as he watched the younger man disappear into the hallway. Scooping up the laptop he glanced briefly at the page Jack had found. It seemed to be a historian piece, more about the history of the hotel than anything, but the words Mausoleum jumped out at him. Following the linked page, it loaded up a slide show of three images. The first was of the exterior of the tomb, a box-like marble structure surrounded by dense trees, the name Windermere engraved in the frontage. The second, was the interior, the pale grey marble carrying on inside with at least 4 obvious gravesites. The third was a map, that seemed to depict the manor house in its former glory (before it was turned into the hotel) and the location of where the Mausoleum is said to be.
The walk was quick, all four of them taking the stairs two steps at a time. Their eyes peeled for any sign of movement, ears on check for any unusual sounds. But so far, everything seemed quiet. The top floor of the hotel was solitary with an uneasy quiet draping over the place. The room Sam led them to was unlike anything Dean had ever seen. To say the place was elegant would be a massive understatement. Glass cases filled the long narrow space of the room, where dusty trinkets and knickknacks were held on display. Dark mahogany panelled walls curved into a point to form the ceiling making the space feel more like a cathedral than anything else. A heavy-looking glass lantern hung from the centre of the room, casting a dull glow about the place. While the term library had probably been a stretch, the one wall of the room did house bookshelves, specific slots built into the wood panelling displaying a wide collection of old worn leather-bound books and scriptures. But what really took Dean’s breath away were the large floor to ceiling stain glass windows, three of them to be exact sat opposite the wall of books casting an array of shapes and beautiful moonlit colours across the room.
It wasn’t that Castiel wasn’t enjoying the comic books Jack provided him. He very much liked the art style, but it was the stories that he couldn’t seem to get into. The plot seemed to be a little on the nose for his liking and the characters were completely unbelievable. He was not sure how someone could claim to be a Spider-man when their ‘spider’ abilities were synthesized and were nothing more than a high school student. And the one that turned big and green was just a preposterous notion, Castiel had seen first-hand when people ’got angry’ but no one ever doubled in size nor turned green. And why was everyone so obsessed with the purple man and his golden oven mitt when he clearly had an ideal notion? The world is incredibly overpopulated as it is, seems like a logical step to take really. However, he had to commend the writer for their portrayal of Thor and Loki. Very realistic to their real-life counterparts.
The view from Dean’s window was, in a word that he would never use, picturesque. From his vantage point, he had a full view of the stunning rose garden, winding and swirling in perfectly manicured borders that directed a cobbled pathway up to a hexagonal wooden gazebo. The place where, tomorrow, he would be married. Beyond that was the treeline of dense pine and conifers trees, perfectly segregating the property line of the manor house and the edge of the forest beyond. When Dean had driven them here, he was almost certain Sam was sending him on a wild goose chase, how can anything possibly be in the middle of this thick forest. But his ideas were soon squashed when they turned into the long stretch of driveway leading up to the front of the hotel. The sight of the old building slowly coming into view under a canopy of curving vegetation was overly dramatic, but even he had to admit, Sammy had done a great job finding this place. The look of admiration and wonder on Cas’s face alone when they stepped out of the Impala was enough to know that this was perfect. However, if he knew what was in store for the rest of the evening, he would have got back into the car and driven home.
There came a loud slam somewhere in the near vicinity, grabbing Cas’s wrist Dean pulled him into cover behind the Impala just as two sets of footsteps crunched across the gravel path. Tentatively peaking through the windows of the car he saw Sam stood to attention at the top of the parking lot, with Jack’s shadow in tow. “Crap” Dean muttered under his breath.
“Yes. It’s my something old… and my something blue. Eileen assured me it was customary for a wedding.”
Her smile widened. “Once or twice. But there’s no need to look so worried sugar, she is completely harmless. She just likes to make sure we're doing our jobs right.” Dean blinked trying to wrap his head around her words. But before he could even think of anything remotely coherent to reply she had tidied away her cart into the closet, bid him a nice evening and headed off down the hallway in the opposite direction of the stairwell.
He was incredibly proud to learn of this building’s existence, practically running to gather the troops in the bunker’s library after his initial discovery. Setting his laptop on one of the long wooden tables and skimming through picture after picture to show off his latest wedding plans.
His brother was the one to make a move. Like a bullet out of a gun, he charged at the man, scooping him up into a Sam Winchester bear hug. But Dean didn’t move, in fear that his legs would give out from underneath him. Limbs turning to jelly as he stared into eyes that a few hours ago, he was saying goodbye to. Tears streaming down tanned cheeks with a haunting smile as he welcomed his fate. The pride Dean stored in his chest dissolved quicker than sugar into a hot cup of coffee, replaced with an emotion that Dean couldn’t quite figure out. Castiel. He was back.
“Thanks, Jack,” he smiled at the kid. He swiftly turned his attention to Cas, just catching the look that burned across his face, a look that he had seen many a time after his grace had been removed. Longing. He knew that his fiancé could no longer do such angelic tasks like healing him, and even though he would never admit it, it hurt him to watch Jack do what he couldn’t. The small, forced smile that replaced his look of disappointment didn’t convince Dean any other way, he simply reached out for his hand, squeezing it, hopefully conveying a look that read,
Jack shrugged. “That’s what they told me. Cas had me look up the info on this Lady Windemere. She’s buried somewhere in the woods.”
“Of course you were,” Dean muttered with a chuckle, “well, better than nothing.” Taking Cas’s discarded gun beside him on the bed he cocked the chamber, one salt round left, reaching for the duffle he reloaded the gun with more rounds.
Castiel pulled back, his heart-warming smile stretching across his lips, “Well, good. Because I’m not either.” Dean met his smile in kind, he leaned in planting a gentle peck of a kiss to Castiel’s lips. As he pulled back his eyes cast over his fiancé’s shoulder. His brother was trying not to be witness to he and Cas’s tender moment, pretending to continue reading the board about ghost stories, but that damn goofy smile was a dead giveaway. Jack however didn’t possess the same level of tact. He was openly gawking at the pair, a grin a mile wide across his face. Dean cleared his throat stepping back, “We got work to do.” Castiel nodded, but his eyes never left Dean’s and he wondered if he would ever tire of seeing that look of pure awe, admiration, love, reflected in his fiancé’s eyes.
Cas huffed. Could still hear that smile. “We’ve been through much together you and I, been so lost and now, we're not lost anymore. Because I love you.”
Castiel swung the flashlight back towards the tomb on the furthest right-hand side of the pair. The name Catrina Windermere written in gold glinted in the bright light of the torch. As Dean moved forward positioning the crow by between the headstone and the wall the pair of them startled when Cas’s cell started to ring. Dean glowered at him, annoyed that the sound had spooked him. Cas offered a meek apology as he juggled the flashlight and gun in his possession, resting both of them by his feet while he slipped the phone out of his pocket.
“Long story.” He grumbled with a strain as they tried to move the stone. “We’ll be back soon though.”
“No, but I came to give you one of these.” Raising her hand Jody swatted him hard across the shoulder. “That’s for keeping us out the loop last night.” She said pointing an accusing finger in his face and walking further into the room, Dean rubbing his now sore shoulder and following her with a displeased look. Jack shuffled past with an apologetic shrug and handed him the box with the final flower inside. His eyes scanning up and down him and he let out a low whistle. “Lookin’ sharp kid. You scrub up well,” he said, letting the door close and following them into the room.
More silence, a silence that was cutting deeper into Dean more than any blade or bullet ever had. “That’s so good to hear.”
Their footfalls echoed around the hollowed marble chamber. The inside of the crypt was small compared to how grand it had looked outside, with the smell of damp strong in the air around them. The beam bouncing off nameplates and a row of urns that were all fixed to the four walls around them. There were 5 main tombs that they could see, each one of them housing a black marble headstone with golden lettering. Two on their left, three on the right. Cas brushed past Dean examining the tombs more closely, flashing the beam across each headstone until he found hers.
“oh –erm– she’s just the subject of some ghost stories I heard about the place” Castiel replied quickly.
Dean flinched away at the sudden contact, standing to full height. “’s nothin’” he replied with a shake of his head and brushing it off as he closed the barrel of a loaded sawn-off shotgun he held in his hands. Typical. Castiel rolled his eyes and reached inside the Impalas trunk, locating the med bag quickly. Making swift work of locating the medical-grade alcohol and sterile gauze. He had seen both Winchesters in far much worse conditions than a small superficial cut to the forehead, but this still wasn’t the first time he had to sit at this trunk and patch up his reckless husband-to-be or his brother after a hunt. However, this time, he thought he would save his partner his usual speech of “you know I can’t heal you with a single touch anymore. You need to be more careful.”
Dean cautiously sipped from his mug, as he pondered that thought. A thought that, in theory, should send him running to the Impala, hitting the gas and never looking back. But it didn’t. In fact, it made Dean’s chest filled with unexpected warmth.
But as nice and lavish as his room was, he was now bored. Having already channel surfed his way repeatedly through the small selection of options the rooms tv had to offer, as well as flicking the pages of the small stack of magazines the hotel provided, he opted to people watching from the window.
“This is crazy, I’ve dreamt of this moment,” Dean whispered, finding his own lips twitching into a small coy smile. “I spent my whole life fighting that crap and I gotta be honest man I’m not really with the whole uh… love thing. But I do believe in us.” He swallowed. His heart pounding, the rapid beat drumming in his ears. “So, if this is what you want. Is this really what you want?”
This was really happening. He was getting married. The life they lead was not an easy one, hell a lot of people in their line of ‘work’ were lucky to make it past 40 and truthfully, he didn’t even think he would make it to 32 let alone 42. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever think he would even get… this. A future.
“Thank you. So do you.” he smiled in reply. Jack had never seen her made up so nice before. A shapely floor-length black dress embroidered with silver floral patterns fitted her frame lovingly, and her hair was styled in an unusual way that seemed to be defying gravity, all puffed up into a quiff.
“Jack!” Sam called but the kid darted into the trees and was seemingly out of sight. Sam took off after him, crashing through branches, bushes, managing to catch up to him before he came to a stop. They had reached a path, near-invisible in the darkness.
“I don’t even know you.” Dean quipped in return, his feet finally working, stepping backwards and trying to keep some distance between them.
Sam let out a long deep breath, the extra pair of hands would be beneficial. He ran his fingers through his hair before following Jody’s orders turning to head up the stairs. His foot met the bottom step as the door to the entrance hall opened again with Jack striding in.
While Sam put his height to good use. Sitting perched on the fence that covered five of the six sides of the gazebos frame, he reached upwards to string fairy lights around the wooden arch work. Dean secretly hoping that he would fall backwards or something, not that he wanted Sam to hurt himself or anything, he just needed a good laugh.
“Yes. I believe so.” Cas smiled, taking the mug in two hands, inhaling the hearty bean scent deeply before taking a timid sip of the hot coffee. Dean watched him,
“’bout freakin’ time” Sam countered with a soft murmur. That cocky shit-eating grin spreading wider, eyebrows raised with the same amount of speed as his mug rose to his lips.
“Hey” Sam protested as he pulled on his white button-down. “Why does she get a thank you and all I got was a middle finger?”
“Yeah, they're not coming till tomorrow.” Sam sighed as he reached Jack. The four beige coloured bags came with individual tags, the top two visible from where Sam stood. ‘D. Winchester – Groom.’ ‘S. Winchester – Best Man’. Carefully scooping the top two from Jack's arms he lay them across his own, the contents feeling a lot heavier than he was expecting. “Take yours and Cas’s to your room. I’ll take Dean’s.”
“Will you just… Sit. Please.” He shifted on the bed again, wanting to make more room for them both to sit.
“Crap.” Dean retorted, lifting the crowbar to the wall and sliding it behind the headstone “You better answer it”
Inspiration struck him, and he sighed with relief finally feeling brave enough he drifted his stare towards his future brother-in-law, “I told him you’d get mad,” he replied. “He’s been texting me constantly since we arrived.”
Castiel knew there was no way that Jack was sitting by the door, most likely sat on one of the comfortable beds. But the loud audible knock that came through the speaker was as clear as day. “Crap,” Jack muttered, the alarm in his voice obvious, “I think that’s Sam”
Sam’s eyes flicked up to the kid. “Dean was attacked? Here? But… but I had this place scouted. There was nothing here”
But that small pocket of enjoyment was soon dispelled as Sam finished his task, leaving Jack to his chair duty and heading inside. His phone buzzed in his hand, momentarily distracted by the new incoming message. Dean smiled when he saw Cas’s name pop up on the screen.
“Cas, No…” Deans legs relaxed, pushing himself away from his headboard, trying to get closer to him, wanting to reach out to him. “I’m… I didn’t… I’m sorry.”
Dean sighed, tossing the round back into the bag and snapping the chamber closed. “Good call.” He rested the gun beside the duffle and pulled the bag closer, he fished out the iron crowbar handing it to his brother, the fire poker he used earlier he passed to Cas. Pushing up from the mattress he walked to the fireplace and swiped up what looked like a small shovel, also iron. “Jack, your on-salt duty.” The kid beamed, reaching into the bag with gusto for the metal container.
A tall square structure, once probably a brilliant white marble now a dingy looking grey, strewn with vegetation as the surrounding forest tried to claim it. It looked just as ostentatious as the main house, four tall pillars held up a concrete awning, shielding the ornate metal door and limestone statues carved into the walls, weathered, and decaying from the elements. “These Windermere’s had style,” Dean muttered, “can at least give them credit for that.”
Her slender arms wrapped around him tightly, patting him lovingly between his shoulder blades as her temple nestled into his shoulder. “Well, when I received the SOS message, I thought I would come and lend a hand.” She said pulling back first and moving to hug Eileen also.
Cas let out a shaky breath and pulled him into a hug, patting his back as Jack reciprocated. Pulling back and straightening his flower he nodded. “Let’s go.”
The duffle bag was yanked from his shoulder as Castiel rummaged around inside, tossing the canister of salt to his brother and Sam catching it with ease. He moved to the door, pouring a deliberate line of salt beyond the threshold, while moving swiftly to the window he pours another line with precise accuracy.
Dean’s head was fuzzy, his ears ringing, and the dull ache that spread throughout his skull was getting more intense the quicker he was made to move. But he kept moving. The bright lights of the hotel burned his eyes, he was surprised he had the wherewithal to find the room key in his pocket. Sliding it into the lock and pushing the door open, practically falling into the room. Castiel’s arm was hooked under his elbow as he led him towards the bed forcing him to sit.
Castiel pocketed his phone as Dean snapped off a small leafy branch that was creeping through the grated window, lit the end and tossed it into the hole. The confined space exploded in light and heat, flames licking at the entrance as the chamber was engulfed. The shadows from the flames danced around them, as Dean moved back to the duffle to load up their belongings, Castiel watched the flames making very quick work of what was left of Lady Windemere, and even though the heat from the chamber was stifling, a chill fell over Castiel. Instinctively he turned to Dean, noticing his breath catching on the air, misting in front of his eyes.
“But that’s cheating” Jack replied with a whine, watching Castiel’s fingers work effortlessly, “I wanted to do it properly.”
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel greeted as he reached the tops of the steps, falling into place in front of Sam. “I like your bowtie.”
“Huh. Ghost tales of Windemere manor.” Sam read aloud. Dean looked over to his brother, seeing his lanky frame doubled over in a hunch while gazing over a commercial-style printed poster, the kind you saw in legitimate museums. “This place has got everything from children, disembodied voices, a Military man who wanders the grounds and,
Sam felt a little guilty for not providing much in the way of entertainment for his brother while he was locked up in his room. Jack seemingly taking his role of ‘Cas’s security guard’ much better than he was, managing to bring him a laptop, some comic books and even a crossword puzzle, which Cas apparently finished in record time. Maybe they had some playing cards or something around here that he could borrow, at least that might keep him amused for 5 minutes. “Yeah, that might be a good idea.”
“Because I’m not pissed at her for going out on a ghost hunt last night and not telling me about it.” She said with a scowl that flicked between him and Jack. Making the pair shared a cautious glance at one another.
“Guess that makes sense” Castiel muttered. Dean looked at him with a puzzled expression, “Sam came to our room acting very peculiar,” he explained. “He had been asking questions about you.”
The metallic salt container clanged loudly as it was tossed back into the duffle, drawing Dean’s attention towards his brother. Arms folded across his chest, stern eyes that mimicked their fathers. Sam was nothing like John, but the way he held himself high, glaring at him with that harsh expression with pinpoint narrow stare it was hard not to see the similarity. Making Dean feel like he was 8 years old again, getting chewed out after being caught doing something he shouldn’t have.
He was a jumbled mix of emotions. Anger, hatred, but most gripping was the fear. The fear of admitting something that he had kept buried deep down inside him for years. Because if he didn’t. He was going to lose him all over again.
for the sake of the Winchesters. With Chuck gone and no one to pull the strings anymore, they were free to do whatever they wanted, finally. But did
“Bridezilla huh?” He announced to the room. “I’ll show you Bridezi-” he trailed off, realizing that he was talking to an empty room. “Dean?” The honeymoon suite looked as it had when he left Dean in there over an hour ago, untouched. Walking through the room he headed into the open bathroom, unsurprised to find it empty, he hung his suit on the clothes hook a little more harshly than he probably should have. His jaw clenching as he glared and retrieved his phone from his pocket. [You had one job Dean! Where are you?!] he texted feverishly, a fresh bubbling rage stirring in the pit of his stomach. Like he didn’t have enough to worry about right now.
, and that sweat on your forehead is just because it's hot in here, right?” instinctively Dean drew his hand up to wipe at his brow, making Jody chuckle. “You’ll be fine.”
Castiel’s face dropped in an instant. His eyes shifting from the younger brother away to the floor. His shoulders sagging as he leant against the dresser. “No-No I haven’t”
What could he even offer a man that had seen the mountains rise from the earth, that was witness to man taking their first steps on land? A guy who sacrificed
“You don’t think I’m scared?” Cas scoffed with a small smile. “You don’t think that I worry about you leaving me? Or you getting fed up of being with a man and you go looking for the arms of a woman?”
“Probably just nerves,” Jody commented. Moving towards the bed to pluck the flower out of the box “Speaking of, how are yours holding up?”
Dean swallowed hard, but his lips twitched at the sight that stood before him. Familiar dark hair looking dishevelled and slept in more than usual. A dark grey t-shirt hugged strong shoulders and torso nicely in all the right places, but what made Dean smile the most was the familiar hotdog endorsed pyjama bottoms that he lent Cas on his first night back. They were a little long in the leg, 10 pink toes sticking out from under the hem. But Dean had to admit they suited him.
“So, what’s the plan?” Castiel asked, hauling the heavy bag onto his shoulder. The contents rattling inside.
’ worthy. It does appear that she may be buried somewhere on the grounds.” Fishing out his phone he showed Dean the map “If it hasn’t been demolished there should be Mausoleum.” he smiled in return.
Sam vaguely remembers reading about the mausoleum, it did belong to the main house once upon a time, but most of the surrounding land around the hotel was sold to help pay for the hotel renovations. There was no way that crypt still existed in the forest. “Why didn’t he tell me?”  Sam heard himself ask, a small pang of something close to hurt blooming in his chest.
“Just sleep on it, okay? If it’s still what you want by the morning, then… well… I guess we can’t stop you.”
“Well, I guess we find where she’s buried. Go salt and burn the bitch and we will be back in time for the nuptials. Piece of cake.” He said slamming the truck and locking it with a flourish.
“Yeah. I’ve looked everywhere. I didn’t want to say in front of Cas, but I went to his room. He and all his stuff was gone. I’m worried”
Dean sighed rolling his eyes “Oh, and you wait till now to tell me?” his whispered tone coming out sharp and snappy.
Sam’s eyes widened as he all but sprinted out of the room. He could hear the faint footsteps of Jack following him as he burst back into the entry hall and out the hotels front door. The air was still warm, even with the gentle breeze blowing through the courtyard. The gazebo ahead of them was empty, the lights now working and twinkling in the dusk of the day. The sky had a pleasant hue of pinks and oranges as the sun began to set behind the large building. Making a right he headed towards the makeshift parking lot. His heart gave a triumphant thump as only two cars sat there, Jody’s truck and the Impala. The slow setting sun catching in the glossy paint that Sam had never been more grateful to see, even if the vehicle was empty. “Dean?” he called, scanning the surrounding area briefly.
century and from the outset, it seemed like that kind of place that would be rife with the unexplained or paranormal. However, Sam had done extensive research on the place. There were a few stories that also came as no surprise, but nothing that should raise alarm. The previous owner and his dog are said to wander the halls and grounds at Christmas, spirits of children seen playing on the grand entranceway staircase and the repeated story of a ‘Grey Lady’ had been seen wandering the guest rooms, but he could happily debunk them all as just stories. Most likely told by the owners to gather more custom.
Dean threw a glare towards his brother, but Sam’s goofy smile made any animosity he was harbouring fall away. Flicking his glance back to Cas, his wide blue stare considering him worryingly he shot him a playful wink to let him know everything was fine.
“Does Dean know about this?” Sam questioned. But given Castiel’s lack of reply, it was all the answer his brother and Dean needed to hear. “Let me talk to him. Maybe I can-”
The phone beside her started to ring, Sam stepping back to let her answer it as she thanked him with a polite nod. A pair of hands snaked their way to his shoulders, squeezing a massaging them. “And breathe.” The familiar voice commanded, and he smiled. Letting go of another deep sigh he could feel some of the tension slowly ebb from them, letting him finally relax. He turned on the spot, the hands falling from his shoulders to wrap around his waist. Eileen smiled up at him amused. Her bright chocolaty eyes comforting matching her warming smile. “I hope you're going to put this much effort into our wedding.” She joked, and Sam let a dry laugh escape. Right now, the idea of him even contemplating doing this all again filled him with dread.
Curiosity got the better of him and he gingerly moved closer to the staircase, the large portrait growing closer into view. A Lady stood elegantly within the golden frame, her long flowing white gown upon closer inspection was identical to the one the ghost had worn, the fabric hugged her curves accentuating her natural build, and making her breast prominent in the low-cut offering that she was wearing. She wasn’t smiling in the painting, her bright red lips painted into a fine line and stood out in stark contrast to her pale skin. It was quite hard to make out any facial details, considering she wasn’t even looking at the painter. Her attention was drawn to the side as she seemed to be gazing off into the distance, almost bored. A cigarette holder held aloft on her left gloved hand. And an overly baring floppy sun hat sat atop her head almost completely shadowing the pinned curls of raven black hair underneath. A small golden plaque was fixed beside the painting, Dean taking an even closer step to read the inscription. Lady Catrina Windermere. The last lady in residence of Windemere manor.
Sam had searched every inch of the place. Even backtracked to his brothers’ room, looking for any hint of a clue as to his whereabouts but his ideas and patience were running thin. That’s why he found himself outside Castiel and Jacks room. Debating whether to come clean to the guy, maybe Cas had been hiding something from him. He was kind of hoping that. He could overlook Cas lying to him if it meant he knew where Dean was. He knocked the door again, what was taking them so long to answer? Finally, the door creaked open just a small fraction, Jack poking his head around the frame with a sheepish smile. “Hello Sam, now’s not really a good time”
Sam let go of a breath he hadn’t realised he had been holding, running a hand through his hair he looked solemnly down at Jack. He had been putting a lot of effort into this day, so much so that Dean didn’t even want to tell him about this. To ruin all the hard work he had done. His brother was a pain in the ass, but at least he was a thoughtful one… in his own Dean Winchester way. Copying the link of the map, Sam pinged across an email to himself. “Come on. Let’s go help them.” He said and the pair left the room.
The lock clicked open, Dean sliding the picks into his jacket pocket as he wrenched the glass panels open and reached for the hat. Running to the furthest side of the room where a grand old fireplace sat, he fumbled in his pocket for his silver lighter, snapping open the lid with a click and flicked the flint. Nothing happened, why did it never light first time round when he was in a hurry?! “Come on you son of a bitch” he muttered flicking it again, and again.
“Thank you,” she smiled, offering her wrist to Jody as she attached the corsage from the box she was carrying.
The line went dead at roughly the same time every ounce of moisture evaporated from Dean’s mouth. His phone gripped tightly in his hand he stared at the wooden door once again. Feeling his heart almost stop dead as the faint echo of a door opening came from the hallway. Muted footfalls of bare feet walking the short distance to room number 11. The steps came to a stop outside Dean’s door, and it felt like an eternity before the door handle rattled and it crept open.
Dean sighed, pushing himself further onto the bed, drawing his knee up. “Dunno what to tell you Sammy. One minute I’m minding my own business, the next I’m being hurled across the room like a damn football.”
Rounding the large Victorian building he headed to where he was sure the parking lot was. The high gloss black paint and chrome was hard to miss by any standards, the Impala wasn’t exactly your average car. But to Castiel, it was like seeing a familiar face in a crowded room, and it always brought him that same sentiment of comfort. Or maybe it had something to do with the cars’ owner who was currently bent over, digging around inside the open trunk. His steps crunched across the gravel lain parking lot causing his fiancé to look up in surprise. His expression softened as he returned to rummaging, “Took you long enough” he quipped with a slight smirk. “What'd you find?”
“Okay, okay.” Dean shifted on the bed, drawing his legs off the mattress to plant his bare feet on the floor. Inhaling deeply, steadying his breath. “You know, my whole life I felt like I had this hole in my gut like I was missing something. I didn’t know what… do you know what it was? It was you.” His eyes squeezed shut like it was the most painful but liberating thing he had ever admitted out loud. “I just… you tell yourself you’re not going to be something y‘know and it's scaring the hell outta me. but people… they are who they are. No matter how hard you try. I know that now, and
Familiar voices drifted up the staircase which made Dean freeze. Their conversation was too far away to make out, but their voices and soft footfalls drifted down the acoustic halls like he was in an echo chamber. He’d recognise his brother and the kids' voices anywhere. Peaking over the ornate bannister he watched his sasquatch baby brother and the Nephilim exchange what looked like beige body bags.
And as proud as he was of the place, Sam couldn’t help but agree with his older brother. They had seen places like this over the years with the halls filled with spectres, apparitions, so of course, it was the first thing he looked into after he was given the ok. But it came as a surprise to find out that no one in their network had ever done a job at this place.
Sam conceded with another dry exhale. “Yeah sure. You got all the pictures of how I need them to look, right?”
“Woah. Woah Sammy, chill. It's to early for a freakout.” Dean said returning to make the pair of them coffee.
“It's Hogwarts!” Jack had exclaimed, his eyes widened with delight as he leaned in closer to inspect.
“But you thought it?” his voice broke minutely, tears lined his eyes, glinting in the overhead lantern-making Dean hate himself even more than he already did.
The door ahead of them creaked open and Mellissa poked her head through smiling widely at them. “It’s showtime.”
Jody gave him a stink eye of a look but coincided with a nod. “Yeah, that sounds like something your brother would do.”
“I think it’s best,” Cas muttered in reply, his voice raw with emotion. “You guys don’t need me hanging around here.”
Jack stood gazing at his reflection in the mirror. The frustration starting to get to him. Why was this so difficult?! The one strand was too long, then it was too short, then the knot itself didn’t look right. How did they make it look so easy? After what felt like the hundredth attempt of tying a tie his head dropped back with an exasperated groan. A soft chuckle startled him out of his momentary frustration and a soft hand landed on his shoulder turning the boy. Castiel smiled down warmly, “let me,” he said reaching for the insulting item of clothing. “Took me a while to figure out how to tie one of these properly to,” he said taking the strands of the blue silk tie and fastening it. “You know, it’s much easier to do it with grace.”
“The question we should be asking” Castiel intervened, coming to his aid. “If burning the body didn’t get rid of her then-”
He found his stare, as blue as the mid-morning sky but watery, tears threatening the corners of them. He entered his room, closing the door gently behind him and standing awkwardly, trying desperately to avoid all eye contact, and not straying any further away from the door. “You jus’ gonna stand there?” Dean found himself saying, but Cas didn’t move.
Brushing passed again Jack walked into the main room, reaching for Cas’s bag “Sam said we should hang this with the suits. That way when we shower in the morning, the steam will take any creases out.” He said as he continued to dig through Cas’s belongings, not that he minded, of course, considering he just helped himself to the boys' laptop without permission. But when he pulled out the blue silk tie he stepped in, taking it from his pseudo son’s hands. It had been a long while since he had worn this thing. Hunting in a suit became cumbersome when you couldn’t instantly clean or fix it with an instant touch of grace. It also made him very hot too, working out in so many layers, he could see why the Winchesters kept to undershirts and flannel.
The four of them took off down the path back towards the warming glow of the hotel. Jack taking the lead with Cas’s torchlight in hand directing their path, Dean and Cas making up the middle of their convey, Dean seemingly slower than usual with Cas trying to keep pace with him, swiping his fiancé’s gun from his hands to keep on guard while Sam brought up the rear, checking over his shoulder to make sure they weren’t followed. She appeared one more time, trying to stop the convoy but Sam’s quick demand of “Down” brought everyone to their knees as he fired another round of salt. The shell sailing over their heads hitting her in the chest.
“I got it,” Jack muttered, Castiel stepped aside as the Nephilim took his spot, with two fingers raised he pressed them to Dean’s forehead. The familiar warming glow emanated through his body, like liquid gold spreading and washing through every limb, eroding the pain away like it was nothing. In a blink of an eye Dean’s head was cleared of any ounce of pain, any fuzzy woolliness he was feeling along with any physical scratch, cut or tiny little bruises faded into nothingness.
She was cool to the touch.  His heart jolted painfully as his fingers went to her neck praying to any deity out there.  No one was listening, he glanced up at the once bouncing green line to find only a flat stagnant thing.  He pressed a hand to her cheek, checking again as if there was some mistake and her head rolled listlessly onto the pillow.
“You know that really should have been our first clue.”  Dean intones and scrubs a hand down his face.  “I know I always
So what did you guys think?? Please let me know!  Things will start to pick up more and more from here on out.  This is the wind up before the pitch.  Hope you're ready for the curveball.
“Yes, but they wouldn’t tell me.  They wanted you to hear it when you woke up.”  John said sounding annoyed which made Mary laugh, but it quickly dissolved into a frown.
He should have known though, it wasn’t PTSD, simply intuition.  He knew the other shoe as soon as it dropped, it was a crashing noise coming from upstairs in their bathroom.   He’d rushed upstairs and knocked on the door, when Mary hadn’t answered he’d begun to panic and carefully opened the door.  He saw blonde hair peeking out from around the corner of the door and a smudge of red on the counter.  He pushed carefully since she was blocking the door from where she’d collapsed.  He’d called her name, checked her pulse and was relieved to find she’d only passed out.  It was the blood that was concerning, after she didn’t wake up in a minute he dialed 911.  He rode with her in the ambulance on a sunny Saturday in April, she didn’t stir at all.
“Jack,” he warned. Jack’s front tumbled like a flimsy house of cards, his smile fell as his eyes widened looking like a sad little puppy. He stepped aside as Sam pushed the door fully open. The room was empty. Sam ground his molars together. “Where’s Cas?”
The lighter burst into life, the small orange flame was a welcomed sight. Holding it to the hat he was hoping it would catch quickly. It did. Dean tossed the hat into the fireplace as he watched the orange heat lap up the material hungrily.
They walked the hall towards Dean’s room, Jody raising a fist and knocking on the door. Dean answered, slightly more dressed than his brother was. His white button-down looking clean and pressed with the top two buttons hanging open and the strings of a bow tie dangling from his collar. Jack didn’t even want to imagine how one would go about fastening one of those! “At least you’ve got a shirt on,” Jody quipped. “Flower delivery.” She said jerking her thumb towards Jack who lifted the box in his hands.
“Staircase… Trying to figure out how to sneak past Bridezilla and his minion to get to Baby’s tru– Oh, crap!” There was a faint rustling from the other end of the phone and Dean went silent sending Castiel’s nerves into overdrive
“I know the feelin’,” Dean huffed, shifting back onto his bed feeling a little more at ease, “it's ok to be scared you know. This, right here… you and me. I have faith.”
Castiel followed, his head reeling with Dean’s words. How was he going to get to the Impala without Jack noticing? It's not like he would let him just wander off. Sam’s got him, as Dean would say, on a tight leash. Cas found it endearing that Jack was taking this wedding as seriously as Sam was. In fact, it was heart-warming. Juggling with the garment bags Jack managed to hook both bags on the two separate hooks, the tags dangling from the hanger giving Cas’s heart a little thump of excitement. ‘C.Kline - Groom.’
“Sam! Jack!” Castiel puffed out of breath, lowering the light and allowing their eyes to adjust to the darkness again. “What are you-”
Sam huffed, letting his hands fall to his sides. Ok, so maybe he was going a little overboard with the whole planning, and maybe the stress of everything was starting to get to him a little. But he wanted this day to run as smoothly as possible. If that meant he had to run around like a headless chicken for a few weeks beforehand, then so be it. “I just want everything perfect.”
His phone on the nightstand buzzed into life. The ring tone that Dean had set himself drifting through the room from the tinny speaker. Castiel rolled his eyes and smiled, he was surprised it took his fiancé this long to actually call him. Closing the comic, he set it beside his phone and leisurely reached across to the device, sliding the illuminated green button and holding the phone to his ear.
His room was a far cry from the ratty motel rooms they were used to. The king-sized bed was clean for starters and had no magic finger coin slot insight. It was tastefully decorated too, with pale cream walls, lush floral-patterned carpet. And a bathroom that was big enough to fit more than two people in. “How the other half live” Sam mused as he hung his garment bag in the bathroom next to the silky teal coloured dress that belonged to his fiancée. He had yet to see her in the dress. He was so used to seeing her in layers of plaid and denim that it was almost worth the wait.
But Dean is the bigger idiot shot him down, raising his voice, and yelling about how he didn’t want to talk about it. Because simply put, Dean didn’t know what to say. Didn’t know how to say it. Every time he opened his mouth to speak, his voice would close up, making him look like a fish out of water gasping for air. And Dean would do what he always does, bail. Thankfully, the bunker was big enough for him to hide away and was pretty sure Cas hadn’t noticed his awkwardness… but that afternoon when Dean was sat in the library, scrolling through news reports looking for anything remotely interesting. Castile had wandered in, took one look at the man and left instantly without a word. That crippled Dean’s heart worse than anything. Dean knew he should have got up from his chair and chased after him, but his damn legs just wouldn’t work. Hours later deciding he needed some coffee, he wandered to the kitchen, but on his way overhearing the quiet conversation between him and his brother.
Soaking the pad he lifted it to Dean’s head, wiping away any remains of blood. Wincing slightly as the pad contacted his skin, but he never said a word, letting Castiel clean away any remnants of his earlier encounter. “What happened?” He asked finally, satisfied there was no blood left marring his partners face and discarding the dirtied pad back into the med bag.
“Ok, ok,” he said with a sigh of relief, running his hands through his hair, “he can’t have gone far then.” Turning to Jack he continued. “Head to his room, see if he returned or something. If not, go back to Cas and stay with him. Do not let him know that Dean is missing, understand?”
Up and out of bed, natures call taken care of, he wandered through the halls towards the kitchen. Unsurprised to find his brother at the table, phone to his ear and that look of worry etched across his face. His wide stare met Deans as he stepped down into the kitchen, wrapping is robe a little tighter around his waist. “What?” he asked in passing, noticing a fresh pot already brewed and helping himself to two mugs.
Dean could have lay there all morning, hell, he could have laid there all day. But nature was calling. He tried to shift his weight gently, not wanting to wake him, but his efforts were cut short as the arm around him gripped tighter and a soft grumble rumbled into his chest. “Noooo” Cas muttered, gripping his shirt in emphasis.
Dean pulled him close, wrapping his arms around him. His hand stroking up and down his spine as he swallowed the lump that formed in his throat, even after all these years they were still really bad with the whole talking thing. “You’re not useless, ok. You’re not. And even if you were I’d still love you. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Mine?” Dean questioned as he stood stock still while Jody attached the flower, “Oh, they're peachy.”
With his suit deposited, Sam left, returning towards the staircase and towards the pricier rooms the hotel had to offer. This corridor had fewer doors on either side, only 4 rooms were located down this hallway. All suites, mostly used for the ‘Honeymooning’ couples.  He fumbled in his pocket again to retrieve the other room key he had in his possession. A key, which will be given to Cas after tomorrow. The door clicked with a familiar electronic whirring and Sam pushed open it open.
“Put a shirt on Winchester. You should be ready by now.” Jody quipped as she barged past into their room and ignoring the sudden blush that spread across Sam’s cheeks. Jack smiled showing him the boxes as he followed in behind.
His fiancé stepped forward, eyes wide, questioning. Clearly trying to force his lips not to frown. “d-do you not want to-”
“No. No way. Cas it’s not…” He rambled. He moved closer, closing the gap between them “It’s not what you think, ok.”
Dean met his stare, his bright emerald eyes practically sparkling in the dusk light as he loaded a second sawn-off with rock salt rounds. “That’s not all. It’s got a huge four-poster bed, a fancy-ass bathtub that is big enough for us both.
“Dude!” Dean looked up, the crowbar once again wedged between the headstone and the wall. Cas offered a shrug in the way of an apology.
“Suits are here.” His chin just visible over the four garment bags that he held stretched across both arms. That boyish smile still plastered across his face like it had been all day. At least someone was having a good time.
Dean’s eyes widened slightly, like a child who had just been caught with their hand in the cookie jar. His mouth dropping open to make his case, but instead, a strange, garbled noise escaped his lips. He offered him a small sheepish half-smile with a hint of a laugh. “I-I don’t … Not like that … Y-you know what I mean.”  Clearing his throat his eyes fell on the cell in Castiel’s hand. “Look, Jack, it’ll be an easy job. We’ll be back in our rooms in no time.”
“It’s alright. I… I just went for a walk” he lied, his attention flicking back towards Dean as he tried to jimmy the headstone off the wall.
Dean taking that as a cue, his hands shifted from there resting places and brought them to capture his cheeks, tilting his head to make him look him in the eye. Bright blues filled with happy tears, not the first time he’d seen him like this, but this time Dean was determined to get it right. “I freakin’ love you to Cas.” A half-laugh sob broke from Cas as he beamed even brighter, leaning in again for another deep kiss.
“Yeah,” Jody said crossing her arms and rounding on the two men. “What gives with that? From what I heard you boys could have done with the extra help.” She pursed her lips glaring at the pair with a raised eyebrow.
Eileen walked through the room picking one of the best men's flowers out of the box and attaching it to the waiting jacket that lay on the bed beside an emerald green tie. Jody doing the same. Reaching for the other ‘best man’ flower and attached it delicately to Jack’s lapel. The sent of the rose catching on the air was beautiful.
Dean moved, finally willing his legs to work propelling him forward, gripping that trench coat tightly as arms circled his shoulders. Timid hands came up and circled his waist as the angel buried his head into Dean’s shoulder. Well, ex-angel as it turned out.
The ghost dispersed before his eyes in a grey mist and Dean crashed to the solid stone hearth knees first, the iron cast fire poker clattering to the ground beside him. He gasped for air, clutching at his throat as he desperately tried to take in lungs full of oxygen. Something warm oozed down his forehead, irritating the skin with an uncomforting tickle. Wiping it away he winces at the sudden flare-up of pain. His head had been cut open; his palm smeared with fresh blood. But he had no time to recuperate or assess his injuries, she could be back any moment. Swiping up his makeshift weapon he scrambled to his feet and towards the door.
Dean and Castiel’s attention shot towards Jack. He was standing in front of a large display that was set up to look like an antique wardrobe. Rectangular in length and as wide as it was tall, 3 wooden sides and 2 glass fronted doors with a golden keyhole keeping them shut. Inside were 3 different mannequins, all sporting a different type of outfit from seemingly the same period. One wore a very ostentatious looking maroon coloured smoking jacket, another looked like it was geared up as a maid, and the third wore a strikingly similar white dress that Dean recognised in an instant. And on top of that mannequins head, a large black sun hat. “Yep, that’s the one,” Dean muttered gazing up at the mannequin.
Sam stood on the opposite side of the closed door, greeting him in kind Cas stepped aside to let him in. Sam did not look happy right now, the stress of the day starting to get to him. His usually flawless hair was looking ragged and shapeless, his cheeks flushed, and his face seemed to be fixed with a hardening scowl. Passing a confused glance towards Jack who just shrugged in response, as Castiel answered unusual questioned proposed to him, as he watched the youngest Winchester seemingly examine the room like he was a drill sergeant during inspection.
“W-well… Cas is sleeping.” He said in a hushed tone, “Yeah, he’s pretty tired” Sam’s eyes narrowed. Jack was a terrible liar; his bright boyish facade wasn’t fooling him. “s-so if you want to come back a little bit later-” he said starting to retreat from the door. Sam’s hand flew to the wood, stopping the slow swing.
The sadness melted from Castiel’s eyes, replaced with a small wobbly smile. “You are nothing like him, Dean.” His free hand coming up to cup at his jaw, fingers warm against his cheek as Dean lent into the touch. “And I love you. More than anything in this world.”
Eileen pulled a face, her nose scrunching looking both adorable and disgusted. “We could get Dean to plan it… it’s only fair.”
Bad luck was practically his middle name. When did the Winchesters ever have anything that was even remotely considered good luck? Dropping his duffle bag on the foot of the elegant four-poster bed he surveyed the room, which was as far cry from the ratty run-down motels they were used to spending their nights in. The honeymoon suite was vast and clearly expensive, feeling very much out of place and way out of his comfort zone in amongst the elegant décor.
Dean had never slept with a man, not to say he hadn’t seen what was around. He engaged in the odd male on male video occasionally, but never shared anything like this. In fact, if he was truly honest, he’d never even felt like this. There had been girls in the past that maybe he told them he loved, and maybe in some way he did… but it never
Dean chuckled “yeah well I like your… Wait, is that?” His hand reached out, his thumb and forefinger tracing down the fabric of Castiel’s tie eyes widening.
Dean let out a deep sigh, he loved it when they got things right first-time round, “Everyone ok?” Pleased when there were resounding mumbles of agreeance from the other three men.
“Are we sure about this?” Sam asked coming up behind his brother to gaze into the case. “This room is full of her stuff; she could be linked to anything.”
really who Cas wanted to spend the rest of his life with? That didn’t seem right. A low-key raging alcoholic with so much baggage that they would need to charter their own cargo plane. And let’s not forget their unhealthy helping of emotional ineptitude, after all, it to him 12 fucking years and the act of Castiel sacrificing himself to even tell the guy how he really felt. Seriously?! This was who Cas was into?
Cas squinted, moving from his bed to Jack’s belongings. The slither of the grey metal casing peeking out his backpack. “Not until you tell me what the hell is going on.” He said pinning the phone to his shoulder and lifting the computer out of the bag, flipping the lid open and turning it on as he returned to his bed.
Dean chuckled “Like father, like son.” Dean said, placing the box on the bed and walking into the bathroom. “How is Cas?” his question echoing around the large tiled space
Dean laughed as he smiled his eyes practically sparkling. “So that’s why you borrowed my socks!? You look… amazing.” He said breathlessly, his hand reaching out to entwine their fingers.
Sure, it would have been super simple to just ‘magic’ the tie into place, but since Castiel’s return, Jack felt complied to not use his powers so much around him. He knew first-hand what it felt like to feel powerless, unhelpful, watching Cas able to perform simple tasks with just the flick of a wrist always gave him a sense of uselessness and dare he says, jealousy. He didn’t want anyone to feel that way around him. Besides, learning to do things the “human” way was kind of fun to learn.
But the ex-angel never met his stare, concentrating on a patch of carpet by his feet. “Cas?” Sam provoked. “It’s ok if you have. I-I just need to know.”
“You. Left. Me.” The voice said again, and her scowl turning even darker. With a flick of a hand, Dean was pushed backwards, flying through the air. His temple met the corner of the coffee table first before hitting the floor beside the sofa hard, winding him slightly. The vision glided effortlessly towards him, as he scrambled to his knees reaching his duffle bag. Pulling the carrier off the sofa he rummaged around inside looking for a gun, packet of salt, something, but of course, found nothing. Tossing the things aside it skittered under the sofa as he desperately tried to scramble to his feet. But something enclosed around his throat, lifting him high off the ground. The woman’s face was inches away from his own as he was shoved forcefully towards the wall. His air was getting thin as the vice-like grip tightened, Dean’s lungs burning as he tried to gasp for air making everything around heighten in a near panicked frenzy. His heart was beating faster than it had done all day, the pounding ringing in his ears. The wind rushed around his legs as he kicked frantically, trying to get purchase on the wall behind him. The rough brickwork of the fireplace scratching him through the thin fabric of his t-shirt.
