“... and I don't expect you to say anything in return. Well,” he huffed with slight mirth, “clearly not, because you are asleep … But I want to … I’m going to say it now, all the same.”
Music for Chapter 29  by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
John smiled gratefully and made off after Lestrade to help him retrieve all the other file boxes from the Yard and Molly set herself to the task of scanning the chat rooms for any evidence of Linda. With everyone else set to their tasks, Sherlock stepped out of the lab and placed a call to his brother.
Music for Chapter 13 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
(he considered the look John had graced him with upon his departure),
The clock on the wall showed an hour before dawn.
Lestrade drew the bag back, just out of his reach.
“Your hand. Your fingers. They're yours.”
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/56peP1S0zoE8qiU9UsHAKO?si=JBDzirKiQHGP_P8lyF51cA
John stayed on the roof of Barts long after the sun went down and stole all the warmth from his bones.
John returned his gaze with an
“Wait, what? I'm not carrying.” John protested.
John reached down to his feet to retrieve it. "And this would be?" His voice was dangerously cold.
“This business with Sherlock …” she started.
The voice of the coroner edged into John's consciousness, but he wasn't really paying attention to this part, the first part, where she provided the standard explanation of how the sole purpose was to ensure that the case was managed effectively, efficiently and openly. Fuck. How was it that this was what Sherlock’s life was reduced to, a case, like all those they had investigated in the past?
Music for Chapter 26 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“I’ll give you a call later tonight,” Lestrade advised from the doorway. "And John … " he seemed to be debating what to say next before  settling on, "take care of yourself."
The cloth came away clean in his hand. No unburnt powder, no carbon residue, no built up dirt.
Then to the side, John caught a glimpse of an untidy pile of clothes saturated in blood and (he squinted to make it out) ... a single black Yves St Laurent Oxford shoe poking out from underneath.
codes, technically it shouldn’t even be able to work.”
John regarded Greg curiously
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxlT4RqNmOA
“Yes, do you think Arnaud was the target?”
Even with that slight contact, Sherlock's back arched off the sheets with a deep groan.
Moriarty paused at the doorway. “I wouldn't miss it for the world.” Then he turned back towards the mirror and blew a kiss. “See you later, Johnny boy.”
"Thanks, I'll check there again anyway."
Lestrade waived his apology aside. “Nothing to apologise for, it’s all good.”
“From me, here. I want to make you feel good … how do I make you feel good. What do you want?”
John Watson," Sherlock growled, rolling his hips.
The unpleasantness of Jim Moriarty aside, there
A sense of unease started to burrow its way under John’s skin. "What’s going on, Greg?"
John stomped angrily down the stairs from the cab rank to the tube station below, each step punctuated by a muttered curse;
Alt text: S.P.
Areas unlit
Then down the hall he walked, into the softly breaking light.
“It’s not as bad as it looks,” John reassured him. “It only needs a few stitches. I just opened it up again for dramatic effect.”
“Deplorable human weakness,” he muttered, raking his hair back from his face, his eyes a little brighter.
“It’s all viable,” the DI set the test results down carefully on the coffee table between them. “Fresh, it hadn’t been stored or altered."
John had known Moriarty had taken it; he’d seen the CCTV footage of Moriarty’s exit from Barts, the Belstaff slung over his arm. He knew Moriarty had it. But it didn't just hang heavy, the image of this man waltzing into the room wearing it, it cut right to the heart of the matter, right through
(See the end of the chapter for
“No ma’am, they have not.”
Sharp, darkened eyes met John’s in the gloom.
“One inevitably makes enemies if one is good at business. The belief that one can win and always be liked is entirely misinformed.”
“You never could either,” Mycroft countered, considering his brother with some curiosity.
“Are you sure?”
“So, you see,” Moriarty was grinning now, all teeth. “Not my first choice of weapon. Would serve in a pinch but not very useful for extended blood play.”
“What do I … want?” Sherlock was momentarily, uncharacteristically confused.
“We’ll take the train,” John announced as he lowered the weekend broadsheet to his lap and folded it back into its (approximate) original state.
John clenched his fist, clenched his jaw, and tried to keep smiling. He caught a glance of himself in the scratched Perspex window of the checkpoint office and thought he looked a little insane.
Beside him, John huffed indignantly
“Yes I'm sure. How are you not sure? How do you not recognise a part of your own body?”
“Yes, of course we'll take the … what?” His head snapped up and he regarded John with a sharp look.
“We need to talk.” Mycroft demanded. “In person.”
“Thank you, I believe that you have made your point,” Mycroft cut in before John’s rant could come to an end. "Perhaps it would be of assistance though, if you calmed down."
“Ready,” John nodded. The others nodded too.
“How is it that you are here before us … ?” One of the blue-suited figures moved into Sherlock’s path.
“You don't see what?”
"About what?" Sherlock feigned ignorance.
The silence stretched between them again while Sherlock continued to study John, seemingly waiting for him to continue.
The scrape of a tea cup being pushed away across a wooden echoed faintly through the line before Mycroft carefully replied. “I don’t know.”
John gave him a dangerous smile and jerked his head sharply, directing him to continue.
Secession Studios • The Untold
Lestrade shot her a smile but when he turned back to John and Sherlock the look on his face clearly read -
“No. Average middle class family. Mother worked in the local post office, father was ... a gardener at one of the nearby estates I think. Nothing remarkable about either of them … except that at age six, Moriarty figured out that his parents had absolutely nothing to offer him intellectually or monetarily ...”
"I need to take a look at it."
“Barts," Sherlock announced, shimmying a pair of dark, slim trousers up over his hips. "I need to look at the Battersea body. Lestrade will meet us there after his press conference.”
"I gather you still haven't heard from him then?” Lestrade tentatively inquired.
Beautiful, flawless alabaster skin over lean muscle and flesh. Such a carefully elusive heart and a shimmeringly brilliant mind. But beneath it all, beneath the bespoke suits, the acerbic tongue and the impatience with the idiocy of the world, simply and overwhelmingly, a man who loved him.
they had passed by five minutes earlier, five minutes later …?
officer could respond, Lestrade made an appearance at the door to the side.
Moriarty’s lip curled slightly in annoyance. Then he raised his hand and summoned Moran to the table and gestured to the evidence bag.
"I'm afraid you are going to have to be a little more specific,” Mycroft responded as he regarded his disappointing tea.
“Mainly fungal growth associated with mycotoxin production. It’s why it is always stored below 25 degrees Celsius and with a maximum of 5% moisture content.”
,” he sniffed sharply, dangerously. “What
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XtvRB1mMWo
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTJLrsCbS0Q
“Stop thinking,” he felt John smile softly into his shoulder as strong, muscular arms wrapped around his waist from behind, John's naked torso pressed warmly along the lines of his back.
"You do have a strong moral sense of duty," Sherlock agreed thoughtfully.
Out of breath
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/7pFC5bvXuO0k1wrcQYlG06?si=75JYkdemS6ik2mVywIOOzA
A couple of seconds of distortion and then the sound of Sherlock's deep, rich baritone echoed in the room:
) changes of trains, Sherlock was quite convinced that Dr John Watson’s days on this earth were becoming seriously numbered.  However  he found himself, as he settled into the compartment of their second train, pleasantly surprised
“Just current employees.”
But just as he was closing the screen of his laptop, an image caught his eye. A Dublin University Football Club team photo; in white shirts and black shorts, a number of young males sitting on a set of bleachers in front of extremely well manicured turf. And there at the bottom in the roll call, one name stood out amongst the others. J. Moriarty. John traced the reference to a figure in the front row. Grainy, it was hard to make out the features, but there he definitely was. Then a building in the left hand corner of the photo caught his eye (h
John waited as Mycroft's dark grey-blue eyes went elsewhere, politely clearing his throat before ordering a pot of tea from an unusually reserved Mr. Chatterjee.
The adrenaline helps, helps shut out the desire for sleep that keeps trying to worm its way into his brain, across his limbs. It was useful, valued, and necessary. But it was also choking him, constricting his lungs and inching its icy tendrils across his heart and squeezing tight. He shut his eyes and willed away the nausea. This is the flipside, the unpleasant co-morbidity of a deep seated love; the agonizing fear of loss.
He realised his mistake in forgetting his coat as soon as he stepped out onto the cooling pavement and was reminded again when he exited St Paul's station, but the brisk pace he set kept any chill at bay.
“We also purchase raw product.” She turned again to indicate the identical storage facility on the opposite side of the walkway housing containers of flowers, petals, buds and leaves, and a notably large amount of wood. “With the increase in spoiling rates, we are now the largest supplier of Agarwood in the world as only we are able to guarantee the quality. Again we store, test, ship…”
John showed Lestrade to the pool area and then headed downstairs to the bathroom where Sherlock was banging about loudly.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
"Moran," Sebastian jerked his head in greeting.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“Are you sure they're good?” Sandrine eyed them warily as she reached across John to fish a hair tie out of the glovebox and pull her hair back.
He crosses the room to stand behind Sherlock, looking over his right shoulder. John can feel the anxiety radiating from his whole body.
Music for Chapter 58 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
And to be bloody honest, John wasn't too far off being completely overwhelmed himself. So he drew on all he knew, all he had put into practice in the past when things had become a little too much; he slowed it down. For Sherlock and himself, he slowed it down. He focused on his own breathing and guided Sherlock to the edge of the bed, maneuvering them both until they were kneeling, back on their heels, in front of each other, the crimson bedspread rucking up between their knees.
“Moriarty has access to John’s military files, specifically his rehabilitation records. How did that happen?"
“Mycroft?” John nodded to the phone.
Using his teeth to loosen each of the fingers on the glove on his right hand, Sherlock flung it unceremoniously onto the seat beside him and tapped the screen of his phone. The file played. A song. Or at least part of one.
It didn't look like John had even registered the instruction, but after a moment he nodded slightly, then turned and silently followed Lestrade out of the room.
As Donovan’s eyebrows raised to match her less than appreciative tone, Lestrade waded back in to slow the exchange down. “The owner reported it missing then?”
"Brilliant, fucking brilliant," John proclaimed his smile wide, joined by a returning smile from Sherlock.
The control room was exactly as they had left it the previous day, now just minus the scurrying of the lab-coated scientists; silver vessels still murmuring, processing, and monitors still tracking their progress. The computer screens cast a cool blue hue over the room.
Sherlock glanced at Lestrade and the DI shrugged. Obviously he had shared more about the case with Molly than he had thought.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and drew an exasperated breath. “Helleborus are notoriously fickle flowers, drooping completely within a couple of hours of being cut,” he used the pen to poke at the bloom that had only just started to wilt.
Watson considered how he could possibly express the complexity of such an emotion. Faith had no rationality. It had no sense. Instead, he held Holmes’ gaze, placed his left hand gently on the extraordinary mans forearm and replied softly, “neither does love.”
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/1VJBJCX7ybX6lQqkeXJx3y
Alt text: Three. J. Wanting. Needing. Best to give up the whole idea of getting. And go. S. Seven weeks or seven days. Or any length of time Does it really matter? When every second was a lie?
Fleurie • Love and War
Alt text: Ten. J. Space opens up and stretches, tight then starts to fray. Once, the condition of there being life. No longer. S. as to what you would dream, If you were allowed, What you would love, if you were permitted Who you would be.
“Now, your safety is paramount, so walk where I walk and try not to stray. We wouldn't want you getting yourselves killed in an unfortunate industrial accident would we?”
His heart was beating twice it’s normal rate.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
A game.
“Mycroft. Still just as annoying two and a half thousand kilometres away.”
Sherlock hadn’t wanted to hurt John and he certainly hadn’t wanted to scare him. That wasn’t the plan. But he had underestimated Guerin and it shook him to his core that he could have miscalculated so greatly.
His right hand splayed on the door, pushing, leaning in, opening to ...
) all the way to the end of the building, stopping just short of the buzz of activity generated by the whirling forklifts.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“I can see now why you like this so much,” John glanced up to take in Sherlock calculating his next move.
Behind the glass, John’s head throbbed. He couldn't tell if he needed something to drink or somewhere to throw up, to sit down or to stay standing. All he knew was he was seeing the colour red, and through the crimson tint, the grinning man who had killed the most important person in John’s life and the accomplice whose alibi just enabled Sherlock’s killer to walk free.
“Transport. Immaterial.”
“I don’t know why the hell they stopped me and didn't stop you,” he muttered as they finally let him go on his way with a “we’ll be keeping an eye on you” look.
Way Down We Go
eggs, and there is plenty enough for Greg as well.” John slid the plate across the table to Lestrade.
A few minutes later he felt John roll over towards him and place an arm softly on top of the duvet around his waist. He waited until the breaths stirring the hairs on the back of his neck started to slow and the arm started to slacken as sleep overtook John again.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
Alt text: Fourteen. J. The words you don’t say, won’t feel, can’t allow yourself to think. They may be the most powerful thing. S. Time to end the charade Of playing that you weren’t.
Gathering a change of clothes from his bag, he took himself off to the
The game.
John’s exhausted eyes held a twinkle and Sherlock grinned back at him, feeling some of the warmth returning to his body for the first time since he woke. He rolled onto his back and drifted in and out of a light sleep to the sounds of John pottering about in the kitchen.
Mycroft nodded.
but he looked sincere. Sandrine smiled back and John started to wonder if the knock to his head hadn't been harder than he thought.
Music for Chapter 33  by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Watson contemplated joining Holmes by the hearth but could not tell, from this distance or the back of his head, whether he would welcome the company. However, Holmes’ next words beckoned him closer.
Sherlock just looked at him, those cerulean blue eyes staring straight back at John and into the depths of his soul.
) to wait.
Sebastian checked his phone. “The feed is still down so we can’t see him, but he’ll probably be able to see us.”
Sherlock regarded him dryly.
A stream of
Sherlock closed his eyes and rubbed his temple. When he opened them, they looked slightly pained. "I … didnt … I don't want you to get hurt."
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/6BG6rbPZp6lEXy7KN2mCDg
“Oh God, Sherlock, you should have said something!” The sincere concern in John's voice carried above the sound of the wind rushing past Sherlock’s ears.
Tamer • Beautiful Crime
John’s focus remained on Moran who stood still and silent as the press around him erupted into a series of shouted questions. Then, slowly, Moran raised his hand to his neck and drew his index finger across his throat, mocking the action of a blade.
In a parked car
“Speak for yourself, but yes, food first,” he agreed, rising to his feet and heading out of the room. “And maybe,” John paused at the doorway, his eyes looking back to drift over Sherlock’s body. “Maybe if you are feeling up to it, you might like to join me in the shower after?”
The journey back up the motorway to Dublin held as little surprise as the corpse. Mile after mile rolled by soundlessly, and wordlessly, as a comfortable silence enveloped them. With Sherlock seemingly set behind the wheel, John was just about ready to doze off when the Land Rover took an unexpected right turn off the M6.
And with that he seemed to lose Sherlock, as the man just blinked, and blinked again.
Needing centring
Sherlock’s face did that thing it did when he encountered Anderson at a crime scene.
John lost it.
A Storm is Comin
“No idea
“Bit more specific. Bit more
“What is this about, Sherlock?” Mycroft’s tone sharpened slightly.
“Other product challenges, apart from price?” Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin thoughtfully, elbows resting on his thighs.
“Enough Sherlock! You
“He’s, no, no …” flustered, she stumbled over her words, getting redder by the second. “l mean
John lined up his cock, trying not to release Sherlock’s mouth from his own, but after a couple of aborted attempts and a curt mutter of "angle's all wrong" from beneath him, he leaned sideways to fish the other pillow off the bed and wedge it beneath Sherlocks hips, giving himself a sneaky tug or two in the meantime and smiling as he saw Sherlock do the same.
Sherlock is still agitating in front of him when John draws in a breath and asks sharply.
It was nothing that Sherlock had factored into the equation of his raison d'être. But declared as assuredly as John had just done, he wondered...
“I will be back tomorrow morning at 10am for your tour, till then, please do have a pleasant night,” and with that, Guerin took his leave.
“I don’t mind you asking if you don’t mind me telling,” Moriarty looked to Lestrade then jerked his head towards Moran. “Do tell the nice man where we were on the night in question.”
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font that reads, "S.P." inside an anatomical line drawing in black ink of a whole human heart.
They sat for a while in the quiet of their own thoughts, the rain outside picking up to beat a steady staccato against the glass panes. Having given himself in to the nothingness, John was then a little startled to look up at one point and find Sherlock studying him intently.
Heart of the Darkness
“A single single photo. How am I supposed to make sense of a whole case from a single photo?” Sherlock rifles frantically through file after file on the kitchen table, tossing each one aside in disgust, all the while the offending photo stares back at him from it's position propped up against a tea stained cup.
"Anything on this one so far Greg?" John queried the DI, walking alongside him.
“Sending smoke signals John? You know the cell phone reception here is actually quite adequate.” John turned sharply to take in Sherlock leaning against the doorframe, one eyebrow hitched, his mirth belying the dark circles under his eyes, the strain in his face and his body.
The DI changed tack and pushed the transcript across the desk to Moriarty. “You and Sherlock Holmes chatted the night before last.”
"I just need to know," John managed as he shook his head.
him for something.”
Sherlock shot him a grateful look.
And one came back momentarily.
Sally re-clipped the airwave to her belt and issued John with a look of “there.”
). Sherlock tilted his head backwards, exposing the long line of his neck, his eyes closing as John stroked over his shoulders and down his upper arms.
The Station had been, for the longest time the exclusive realm of rodents, roughians, and the occasional film crew looking for a suitably moody backdrop to film the antics of their overpaid, temperamental “talent”
On YouTube:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFRhfmFhBUA
John didn't stop until he had reached the top, panting hard to catch his breath and a bit dizzy from the circular stone staircase. What halted him in his tracks was not the sight of what was once a functioning early 19th century operating theatre (but now just a museum for the edification of the general public), located in what had previously been the herb garret. He knew this place well, having made the customary pilgrimage of an eager young medical student many years before. The reason for his abrupt stop was that the worn floor boards set in the theatre pit surrounding a primitive wooden operating table, were currently eclipsed by a sea of blood.
Sherlock shook his head, “Suicide. But she had help. Dead within the last two hours.”
“Your fingers, your hands, your arms. I can tell it is you just from the way you feel.”
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/4hMX6h3jKZ48bnFusyqphs
John’s hands shook as he held the two paper cups Lestrade had placed in them. No lids, the barely-brown vending machine coffee shivered as he fought to hold his fingers steady. Located in the bowels of the building and inaccessible to members of the general public, the hallways leading to the morgue were not a priority for upkeep. Wooden bumpers along the walls, scuffed and scratched thin through years of wear, stretched out behind bags of soiled linen piled high in caged carts. He had to stop thinking so he focused on counting the bags, the blue translucent plastic doing little to hide the bodily fluid-stained, thin cotton sheets within.
John could tell that Lestrade was frustrated at the way Moriarty was sliding around every question, but why wasn’t he pushing harder, goddammit?
But the case, this new case. He paced back again. This extraordinary, fascinating, scintillating case. A house, designed entirely by its eccentric owner, built by no less than five hundred expert tradesmen in the heart of Marrakech. A house that had seemingly not only driven its owner out, but also to his quite unpleasant death. And a perfumer, a chemist no less - the very thought of the secrets that house could reveal, would reveal, was irresistible. He had to have this case.
And so we come to the end of this fic. I took my time in writing the final chapters of this one - it’s been my constant companion for so many months now, that I found it kind of hard to let go. So I let it happen in its own time and enjoyed every minute it took (apologies for the delay while I indulged).
John nodded slightly in thanks.
Praise You - Piano Version
Music for Chapter 20 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
"Of course it’s bloody okay, move your arse and
John stroked his hands up the firm plains of Sherlock's chest, and back down again, feeling the fine hairs shift beneath his fingers as his chest, pressed to the smooth expanse of Sherlock's chest, moved with the expansion and contraction of his lungs.
tone in John’s question. If Sandrine did, she chose to ignore it.
can do
Sherlock smiled to himself as he slipped out of the compartment and into the alcove at the end of the carriage where the air seeped in through incomplete seals and pooled around his ankles. Yes, he was bored out of his mind, he thought as he leant against the carriage door. Yes, he was probably going to start climbing the walls at some point very soon, but if he was going to suffer, so was John. John, his John …  he knew John, his moods, his frustrations, the things that got him going.
"You think I don't know that?" Sherlock spat out, suddenly coming to life. "You think I haven't realised that all along? Moriarty has had the advantage, he's
Sherlock certainly did not think. Sherlock did not think at all! And he was only saved from a very undignified petulant outburst at the misappropriation of
“You like it?” Moriarty preened, turning over the label to examine the scarlet thread around the buttonhole. “It’s a bit …" the fingers of his hand fluttered, searching for a word, "
Music for Chapter 44 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/0ohYK5Wz3nXNGb0mr3UeEf?si=xz04sNGERJaH_C_OyKOQYQ
is looking okay, uh ...”
John felt his cheeks flush with pride. Why it was that Sherlock’s opinion of him mattered so much, he could never figure out, but matter it did.
He couldn't have been bothered to close the curtains last night and he was grateful now, as he wiggled his toes in the warm bands of light criss-crossing the duvet.
An image of leaning against the wall, shoulder to shoulder with Sherlock at the bottom of the stairs at Baker Street flashed through his mind and then abruptly left him when …
xxx @shelleysprometheus
When Sherlock shook his head, John wasn't entirely surprised. Sherlock was more than a little preoccupied at the moment and his focus on basic metabolic needs was never the most robust at the best of times.
Standing in the open cell doorway, Lestrade watched Sherlock pace back and forth in the confines of the small room. “You need a
Alt text: Eight. S. a curious tie, you said. No such thing as coincidence. Just the confluence of events, of lives, in motion. J. Will we heal and come out of it Will we see the light and live?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Behind him, Sherlock heard John divesting himself of his own clothing, tossing his jeans and jumper over the arm of the chair and his shirt in the laundry basket.
The silence hung between them for a couple of moments before Mycroft raised a paper napkin to the corner of his mouth before setting it aside.
Sleeping at Last • Covers, Vol. 1
“Sherlock. That's you!” John reaches for the photo but Sherlock snatches it out from beneath his fingers before he can reach it. Turning it to the window and the light.
In the end Sherlock had begrudgingly done it, but not before snarkily informing John that he would be patching up any injuries he incurred as a result. John had told him not to be ridiculous, but in the end, there were injuries - to Molly’s pride and to Sherlock’s face. Truth be told, John was exceedingly impressed at the accuracy of the slap, but took care not to mention it to Sherlock as he handed him an ice pack to accompany his epic five-hour sulk on the lounge.
Sam Tinnesz, Silverberg • Babel: The Ruins
He pushed himself downwards over Sherlocks lithe frame until he was kneeling between his parted legs, Sherlocks feet firmly planted on the bed, knees spread wide.
Opening the left door, Sherlock selected four sealed plates and placed them in his pocket. He was tempted to review the files that he knew would be stored on the computers beside the storage units but they were (he checked his watch) already at the five minute mark.
And a flower.
“It makes sense, why would anyone want to kill members of his staff? They were all very nice people but they didn't hold any influence that should bring them that sort of …
"What's going on, Greg?” John repeated his earlier question, the unease now seeming to have taken up permanent residence in his bones.
By the time breakfast had been cleared from the table, the landscape passing by the window had changed from rural to urban.
“Quite dead."
The knot is slipping
John. Strong, warm, loyal. John. He tried to open his eyes, move his hand, something, but everything was heavy. Suddenly, sharply, he had the urge to vomit. A pained moan escaped his throat and before he knew it, something soft was being shoved underneath his head, on the bed beside him. His whole body heaved painfully as he emptied the meagre contents of his stomach. Once, twice. And once more. His whole body went limp but could still feel John’s fingers on his shoulder, back, rubbing gently, soothingly.
“The first order of business then, will be to establish the scope and conduct of the inquest. At this stage I would like to ask family members and other participants to raise any issues, particularly ones that they believe could be contentious, so that we can avoid, as much as possible, any surprises at the actual hearing. Perhaps Mr. Holmes,” she looked to Mycroft, “as the representative of the Holmes family, you could start us off.”
Unlocking the door and entering the brightly lit room, Molly made her way over to one of the steel drawers on the back wall, turned the handle and pulled hard, sliding the tray of black-plastic wrapped body out onto a gurney.
John tried to drown out the inner voice of worry by concentrating on the sound of his footfalls down the stairs. Entering the morgue, his eyebrows narrowed when his eyes lit on the victim's body, out on the table and the figure of Molly hovering worriedly above it. His gaze went next to Lestrade, bent over a table examining something with another officer. And as he walked over towards the table he saw it; a phone with a smashed screen, the same model as Sherlock's.
“Calm down Sherlock, you've solved other cases with far less information.” John looks up from the files spread in his lap.
In the time it had taken for Sherlock to begin releasing the buttons on his shirt, John had reversed their positions, and now Sherlock found his back pressed against the bench, his belt being tugged open. As Sherlock slipped the last button free, his hands stilled. Sensing a corresponding stilling in John, he drew his eyes up, and found himself caught in John's startled gaze.
“It is generally agreed that hyperemesis gravidarum complicates only pregnancies in human beings.”
“So he … ?“
“What the buggering fuck?” Sherlock's thought process came to a standstill
And just like that, Sherlock, his Sherlock was back. And John smiled inwardly as he knew they would never speak of this experience again.
Madness
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Twenty.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Find your way through the course of wisdom, broken, sharp, ragged. Climb the jagged rocks and rest. Behold your world.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S the deep-down basic understanding – the foundation of human existence.” A horizontal line.
In a daze, John followed Lestrade out into the splintering sunlight to the pack of journalists lying in wait. Unlike before, now you could hear a pin drop as they waited for Lestrade's statement. Then, just as the DI was about to speak, a black Porsche Boxster pulled up behind the crowd and a familiar figure got out. Slipping into the crowd and pushing his way to the front, the man gave John, standing off to the side, a smirk.
Music for Chapter 49 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Oh, I have simply
Sherlock continues to stare fascinated at John’s fingers tracing the marks on his skin.
And kissed him.
“Oi, that'll do,” Lestrade had called out, hands raised in an attempt to quiet the rabble as John had slipped, nearly shattered, under his arm and into the low brownstone building. “I'll be giving a statement when this is done, you can all just settle down until then.”
“Have you ever known of one?” Sherlock countered.
Stripping down to his pants and hanging his suit in the wardrobe, Sherlock wondered what it was that he had done to deserve this extraordinary man in his life. John, who not only saw him at his worst and was able to ride out the maelstrom of his black moods and tantrums, but who also saw in him something worth having.
It had been a lot more awkward than usual in Barts ever since and was still so when they entered the lab an hour later. Molly glanced up from her paperwork but just as quickly reverted her eyes, an embarrassed blush spread over her cheeks as she spotted Sherlock.
Safe.
John wasn't hungover, it took a lot more than three shots of whisky to do that, but he was definitely feeling the effects of spending the night dozing in and out of sleep in his chair. Though standing in one of the offices with Lestrade and Donovan, located off to the side of the holding cells at the Yard, he could feel the lethargy slipping away, being replaced by a sickening, nervous energy.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/7Lv0PI1TQzps3ygOss0spc?si=L3pc07j2SC6GfJiiCwoaHQ
Sherlock shut it off but not before the cabbie had time to remark.
“Yes, even Lestrade's mind.” John retorted.
Alt text: Prologue. Fix this. How do you fix this? How do you ford the river of lies? How do you, plaster over the cracks? In the beginning. In the beginning all things are new. Are fresh. Are crack-less. Are pure. Hope. Faith. Once there, now gone. Trust. What trust?
John opened his eyes and stubbornly forced his chin up. It had started to rain, delicately, against the cloudy pane of glass in front of him, tiny splodges distorting the view.
“Seb?” Moriarty queried in a tone that suggested he had forgotten the man even existed. He turned slowly in his chair to regard Moran and then back to face Lestrade, face bland. “A lawyer? Look at those hands and tell me they push a pen,” Moriarty smirked. “He’ll stand.”
He turned to head back down when suddenly Sherlock appeared in front of him, He appeared to be taken off guard and John wasn't even sure that Sherlock had seen him standing there until his saw a flash of realisation in his eyes.
In a crowded street
Why he found himself taken aback each and every time Sherlock reverted to his intractable self, he could not fathom, but surprised
Standing on the roof of Barts, on the top of the world, in the golden hue of dusk, John it felt like he had taken a punch to the gut.
“Are you sure he’s going to fall for it? You are going to have to be bloody convincing.” He looked to Sebastian for agreement, but Sebastian was in the middle of typing out a message.
"No, but it wasn't as public as the other one, so I'm guessing it might take a little more time."
Sherlock’s face remained impassive, seeming oblivious to John’s reaction, as he studied, eyes narrowed, eyebrows drawn together, the house and grounds. Following Sherlock’s gaze, John could make out in the far distance, a lone tree overlooking a body of shallow, reedy water. In the tree’s shadow, with his back to them, a figure stood, dressed in a olive tweed jacket and derby flat cap.
Drawing his shoulders back and his chin up, Holmes started off again, continuing his path down the cobbled street until his footfalls fell silent and his form was consumed by the grasping shadows.
a bath?”
His dreams were muddied, rapidly transitioning images. Getting into a cab, daylight. He’s texting. Texting whom? Texting why? John is next to him - no, in front of him. Driving the cab. He’s angry. Saying something. Shouting. He’s getting out of the cab, now it’s night. The cab is still moving. He doesn’t fall but then there’s Lestrade standing next to him;
“And why do you think they were murdered?” Sherlock determined that now was the time for his bluntness.
be having a conversation about it upon Sherlock’s return. Resolved on that issue, he was however, still at a loss as to what exactly what was up with Sherlock. Not unusually, he had no idea where to begin in figuring out that puzzle, but he did have a very good idea about where to start on another. Putting the kettle on, he gathered his laptop from his bedroom, used his forearm to plough the remnants of one of Sherlock’s long-since abandoned experiments to one side of the kitchen table, and settled himself in for the duration.
Secession Studios • The Untold
A warning which fell flat when Moriarty replied simply. “And yet … I’m not under arrest.”
He looked to John -
Music for Chapter 46 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Clocks are changing
“What’s on the agenda this morning?” John lifted his head up from the pillow.
scared,” his grip on Sherlock’s fingers tightening.
“John appears to have,” Sherlock offered, his hands gesturing to the ether, “attracted his attention.”
"That's it, I've got you," John cooed as he applied a bit more pressure with his tongue and his finger, the latter slipping easily in up to the second knuckle.
Molly looked up expectantly as John entered the lab, but her face fell as she saw the expression on his. "You haven't found him."
“We were in our room just after 5pm to 9am the next morning.”
He was prepared for … well, he didn't quite know what, but the images he was greeted with were not overly graphic in nature. Not the mutilated bodies from the field or the unidentifiable corpses from many of their previous cases. The victim,
"My people did a thorough search …" the DI cautioned down the line.
Only for John.
Lestrade seemed to be vacillating, struggling with something but then resolved to ask, carefully.“I don't suppose you know what Moriarty's blood type is?”
Sherlock turned back to the body.
Still slightly flushed from his mental meanderings, John turned back to the sink and gestured, without looking, to Sherlock to take a seat. “Sit down before you fall down”.
“Should I come?”
Watson cast his mind back to the body. Exactly like the rest, he had thought; same wounds, same bruising, same assailant. But she had been different. He considered the peacefulness. Giving it over to the repose of her body, he hadn't thought much of it at the time. But upon reflection, with the exception of the marks on her throat and jaw and the evidence of her blood loss all around her, she hadn't looked like her last breath had been taken in fear.
Lestrade paused before he got there and turned back to look at John. “I think that you should be prepared. If we can’t get anything on Moriarty, there will probably be an inquest.”
For the briefest of moments Moriarty's face bore the expression of a man who had glanced away from a chess board, only to look down once more and discover that one of the pieces was missing. But just for a moment. And then those eyes came back to the table and his mask was back. Eyes black. Dead.
John was already there himself and quite intently trying to hold off giving himself a couple of very eager pulls just to tide himself over.
Watch Your Back
John made his way back to the bedroom for his clothes and headed for Barts, sans shower, sans breakfast, sans Sherlock.
“What time was he found? When did he arrive? How long did it take him to get to the tank? Who else was here - Graveyard shift?”
Sherlock heard them before he saw them. Half an hour later, eleven of the Yard's finest, approaching the crime scene like a gaggle of tourists viewing the Tower of London for the first time.
“His usual arsehole self.”
"Is it … is it possible he decided to
“Chess?”
“Here you go,” John announced upon his return, proffering his outstretched palm to Sherlock.
John raised the gun to a raindrop on the window pane. Eye level, elbow bent slightly outward, he brought his right hand up to cradle the butt, thumb slightly below, applying equal pressure with both hands and locking his wrist.
Mycroft's gaze dropped to his tea again, and then lifted his head to the front corner of the cafe. John turned, following Mycroft's line of sight to the small television hanging from the roof. Muted, the channel was turned to BBC One's coverage of the anti-Brexit protests occurring outside Parliament.
“We need to change trains in Paris.”
Shawn James • The Dark & The Light
Audiomachine • La Belle Époque
Another breath.
it. A few rugby matches here, a strategically engineered pub night there,” Mycroft’s lip curled in distaste at the very idea of such a thing. “You would not believe how spectacularly easy it is to orchestrate a relationship.”
Sleeping At Last  • Atlas: Space (Deluxe)
It was more than a little bit overwhelming, to be honest, to be standing there, having flayed his heart wide open and invited John on in. There was a tremor in his fingers and a murmur in his breathing that he had never felt before.
of knife?” Donovan queried.
Moriarty’s sleight of hand; one raised to distract him from the other - demonstrating that he could, and would, take anything he wanted.
She had nodded gratefully, and he had fled.
She looked now to Mycroft. "I also understand that it is the wish of the family that the declaration of death be made speedily, and that the inquest can proceed even without discovery of the body."
John regarded him sourly and thumped him (
Sherlock stuttered and then coughed (
“We’ll get to that,” Lestrade replied easily on the other side of the glass. “You ... won’t mind if we record our conversation, will you? You know, just to make things easier." He flicked his hand to the notepad in front of him apologetically, "Saves me taking the time of writing it all down?”
Ruelle • Monsters (Acoustic Version)
“As John did mine,” Sherlock stated.
“Mm, better,” he managed to get out before he slipped back into sleep again.
By the time they made it through the entire recording, there wasn't a sound to be heard. Lestrade and the officer, professionally quiet, and Molly, still on the far side of the room, but obviously having heard everything, still as a stone.
"It serves no one's interest at this stage to prolong the agony. My brother is dead." Mycroft brushed down the front of his suit jacket, picked up his umbrella which had fallen to the floor and made his way to the exit.
“Ridiculous,” Mycroft huffed, appraising John. “Why would anyone?”
John takes in the image. A hand. Holding a cigarette. The smoke emitted obscuring most of the details and the narrow depth of field, the rest.
Sandrine tilted her head towards Sherlock, her eyes approving. “Very good. Yes, University of California, Davis. But enough about me,” her smile broad now, “would you like a tour?”
He shouldn't still be as amazed at Sherlock’s skills after all this time, but amazed he still was.
John bristled as Mycroft prepared himself to respond. With no marital or next of kin rights, John would be relegated to the exceedingly minor role of "other participant" in the proceedings.
The room was quiet until Mycroft spoke, cool, calm and dispassionate. “The family has no reason to believe anything other than the Met’s preliminary findings.”
Mycroft's eyes narrowed on John who stared, unflinching, back at him.
“Sherlock … if this means that the evidence will get thrown out of the trial…”
) would have needed to arrive as unobtrusively as possible. So he had the cabbie drop him off at a construction service road at the rear of A Station; no expensive equipment, just piles of dirt and rubble - so no surveillance cameras. He pushed against the chain link fence and the lock swung free in invitation.
Hannah Grace • Praise You - Piano Version
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UoB98PabcY
"Yes, and we also are changed with them. Cease and desist this game, Mycroft." Sherlock got to his feet, collecting John with a glance and not even looking back at his brother when he exited the room.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
And just like that the
At the same time the nitrile gloved officer prompted, "we'll need the passcode."
John had cast a suspicious glance at the coffee as it was poured into their cups, but he had taken Sherlock's cue that it was safe and started drinking himself. Not that it wasn't inconceivable, Sherlock allowed, the heavy spices in the dark coffee would easily conceal any trace chemical bitterness.
“I know,” John agreed, the words humming against Sherlock's lips, “but let me see what I can do to give you a bit of a rest tonight.”
Sherlock's hand went automatically to his face, fingers ghosting over his left cheek. His eyes became a little lost in the memory and then sharpened again. “I doubt she's going to be happy about it any time soon, do you.”
John thought _________.
“He wants to see the world burn,” Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, his fingers now steepled under his chin.
As Moriarty paused in the doorway, chewing exaggeratedly on the gum in his mouth and then running his tongue along the inside of his cheek, distending the skin obscenely, John felt the dull knife that had lodged itself permanently in the space between his ribs twist nastily as he realised what Moriarty was wearing. It hung slightly longer on his shorter frame, but it was definitely ...
was able to put it together within a couple of hours.”
“The Triquetra, in her hand, you saw it."
"Try and get some sleep. Otherwise you’re going to look like crap on the telly tomorrow."
Cleaning was a necessity. The ritual of lubrication, his therapy. Deft, nimble fingers in the oil on the barrel, spread it over the hood, the inside of the slide and the hammer rail. Thin, slippery, even. The recoil spring guide too.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/6uGMvvgKIQx1zaNF4g7HG9?si=lIJZ_gKOQ1yFAwHUtFVYEQ
On the hour
And John had been shocked. Too shocked to fight. For Sherlock. For them. And Sherlock had left.
“Another two minutes on an already hatefully long journey.”
“Pregnant woman, morning sickness,” John answered the unasked question as he ran both palms down his thighs and backed up to take a seat on the bench behind Sherlock, still in the breeze but slightly sheltered.
out of the ordinary. Just like that, in a split second, Sherlock had been taken back to the moment Guerin died, the moment that he had felt, for the first time in his life, mind numbingly, paralysingly mortal. He just couldn't escape the feeling that he was
The remainder of Sherlock’s sentence was cut short as his stomach attempted to empty itself of absolutely nothing at all. Anything that had been in residence had exited his body the same way less than two minutes prior and Sherlock was profoundly grateful that John hadn't been present to witness that embarrassing demonstration of his transport’s weakness. This display was bad enough. Leaning back on his heels, hands still gripping the railing, he closed his eyes and rested his forehead on the railing. His head was jostled every few seconds by the ship’s movement, but he couldn't care to move to relieve the discomfort.
Music for Chapter 15 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Five.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J No! Despite my want, my desire, my need. Despite it being a total denial of life, to refuse it. I will forsake you.”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the top right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S And I left the path on this adventure of dreams, And made my way to the woods. To sleep.”. A horizontal line.
Thomas VanOosting • Music in Mind: Album 1
“It is my determination that the balance of evidence at this stage suggests that a jury must decide between suicide or death by misadventure.”
). Neck bent forward, breathing deeply, Sherlock’s eyes studied the path of John's thumbs intently.
Making his way to the table in the centre of the room, Moriarty drew one chair off to the side and placed the other in the middle of the table opposite Donovan and Lestrade, who had in the meantime taken his seat. Then, whipping the tails of the Belstaff out with the overly dramatic flare of a concert pianist assuming his place at the piano before performing his first piece, Moriarty took his seat and leaned forward intently, hands clasped together and eyes overly helpfully wide.
Sherlock stared out the window as they passed the white walled prim residences of the seriously upper class in Belgravia and texted Mycroft.
chest and pushing past him into the hallway.
Down to seconds
“Well, I’m no
"Looks like there are voicemails as well," the officer advised.
“What do you want?”
“Let me take a look.” John says patiently, though with every second he's beginning to feel increasing less and less.
“I’m saying …” Sherlock's voice, suddenly drained of all energy, trailed off, "… you should leave.”
Lucas King • Genius
As Sherlock considered the statement, John continued. “And if you hadn't noticed, this isn't exactly Baker Street and we aren't exactly surrounded by the familiar streets of London. Even if last night didn't go the way it went, it is going to help having another mind around to think through the strangeness.”
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ar9Om-NcBFk
“AB positive,” John pronounced looking up at Lestrade.
Alt text: Twenty-One. J. Make the choice to give oneself up, to take the path to follow, the footsteps you know as well as your own. S. all that, not knowing, not being. Surrender; to this, to you, to us.
“You're right, it’s the unexpected, the paradox and the fact that the solution is there from the very beginning, one only need know where to look,” he held John’s gaze. “But it's more than that. It's the beauty of a single move, the elegance to be found in a position and the sum of both players in creating a beautiful game.” Sherlock's eyes seemed to be glittering in an unfathomable combination of blue, green, and gold.
"Jesus Sherlock, do you know what time it is?" the voice on the other end groaned deeply.
“Sherlock.” He hears his name being repeated over and over again, pulling him back from John’s body. “Sherlock, it’s alright, it’s just a dream. Can you wake up for me now?”
Music for Chapter 41 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Is there such a thing?”
“I want to, can I?” John's hands were begging to follow the same journey his eyes were taking.
Greg Dombrowski • Secession Studios
"The Moriarty fellow?” Molly asked quietly.
“Dead.”
!” the last word punctuated by a sudden cease in John’s movements and his furious blue eyes burning a hole into Sherlock’s.
Sherlock made as if to contest John's assertion, but apparently thought better of it. He gave a slight nod and set his empty tumbler down too.
Deep breath. Brave soldier. Loyal friend. Greatest love.
Sherlock knows what he will do to himself.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed with a text message before John had even had time to take his seat.
He could make out Donovan managing the line, preventing entry into the red-bricked church tower.
Lestrade didn't respond, just held John’s gaze, which achieved its (most probably) intended purpose of robbing him of some of his hysteria. Jaw clenched, John drew in a deep sniff through his nose and calmly but firmly stated. "I want to be there."
Music for Chapter 37 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Enough.” John’s voice was a gentle command causing the blinking to cease. He placed his tumbler on the side table. “Enough tonight. You're exhausted and I’m done-in. We need sleep.”
“Not just criminals, but criminal masterminds;
“We finally located the security footage from the main entrance of Barts. But it only shows one person coming and going, not two …"
Music for Chapter 35 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
He will take away the thrill. He will take away the laughter. He will take away the light in John’s eyes. He will take away the life in his own eyes. He will hold his hand towards John. He will let John wish it was him.
looking okay.
“So, what is it that I can help you with? I gather that you are here to investigate the murders?”
Lestrade nodded to the officer to play it.
"Well,” Lestrade turned back to Moriarty. “You won't be surprised to know that we will check with the hotel and see what visual evidence there is for your alibis. It's convenient that both of you provide an alibi for the other."
Sherlock was pretty sure that John wasn’t aware that he was humming along with his activities and Sherlock was loath to point it out to him in case he stopped. Sherlock liked this John, this happily domestic John. John in his caretaking role. Admittedly, he also really liked John in his all-action, take no prisoners, out of his way, he's the muscle role as well. But this was nice. It was warmth, it was comfort, and it was home. And the fact that this time it was John who had set fire to something in their living quarters rather than him, tickled Sherlock’s fancy immeasurably.
Sometimes I see people expressing the fear that they don’t think that they write well enough or that they don’t think they are as good as other writers in the fandom. Me? I don’t know whether I write well enough, or whether I am as good as the other fic writers out there. But there is something I do know, and that is that I love to write, to create, to bring the scenes in my mind to life on the page. The stuff I wrote in the beginning is probably not as good as the stuff I have written recently, but you know what? It’s mine. It’s part of my journey. It’s how I got here. And I’m keeping every last flawed word of it. So to everyone who has that love, who wants to create and bring worlds to life and maybe is a bit nervous about doing it, I encourage you all to just do what you love.
Helen Jane Long • The Aviators
John observed
“Do you know of any particular reason why someone might want you dead?”
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Two.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J But as yet we are not clear, You and I. Cast in shadows against the sky, Against the world. Against each other.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S Rise. Every day. Every night, to dream, and dream. To wake, to know, and fall again.”. A horizontal line.
There were a couple of beats of silence and then Mycroft spoke again. “I’ll look into it.”
Lestrade groaned as he rubbed his hand across his forehead. He heard what Watson was not saying. Exactly like the others. No clues as to the identity of the assailant, no new leads. Four bodies in as many weeks and nothing to go on. “Take her away," he ordered, and jerked his head resignedly to the hearse standing on the corner. His two constables moved to assist. Watson took his leave as they lifted her carefully into the back. He glanced at Lestrade as he left, and the Detective Inspector looked as Watson felt.
Molly’s eyes pooled with sympathy. Obviously Lestrade had briefed her on John's connection to the other two victims. It was easy to then put pieces together on this one.
John crossed the room and headed to the bathroom. Before the handle had pronounced the door’s closure, John’s next words floated back to Sherlock. “And then the ferry.”
After some thorough searching and an overly animated but nonetheless fruitless conversation in which he tried to explain the nature of the issue to one of the wait staff in the restaurant, John finally spied someone who might be able to help him out.
“No, hence the monitoring,” her hand flicked to the computer screens and gauges that held the attention of the lab coated inhabitants of the room.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/0XVQTr58DZbLUcjacnTp8k?si=OdgJAIqmRmOnvP8FeYtCYw
“No, nothing so sinister,” Sherlock replied, one eyebrow hitching up as he added sugar to his
The evidence, every test result, said the blood was Sherlock's … but why then had Sherlock had an epi-pen in his possession up there on the roof? At the time John had just assumed that Sherlock had found a handy fix in a time of need, but could it have been … was it … something else? His thoughts trailed off as his attention drifted back to the coroner.
of their connection?” John was incredulous.
The bedside lamp cast a warm glow over the room, softening the shadows, blurring the edges of the furniture and ghosting gently over Sherlock’s prone form. Sleeping now, on the side John and “English” had wrestled him on to (
Sherlock pulled the dressing gown he had put on over his clothes tight around his torso as he pushed himself off from the doorframe and padded barefoot over to the kitchen counter, pulling up one of the stools. The noise the metal legs made against the floor as he dragged the stool back far enough from the table to allow him to ease his body in sliced through his brain and he winced. The sharp intake of breath that accompanied his wince must have been audible as John gave him an appraising look over his shoulder before placing the pan back in the sink and heading out of the kitchen, back to the bedroom. He emerged a few moments later with two paracetamol in hand, placing them in Sherlock’s palm, fingertips easing themselves over his skin, before filling him up a glass of water from the bottle in the fridge and placing it in front of him.
He liked the darkness, the gloom. Lights on was just as good, but this way, so much depended on a gentle touch and carefully exploring fingers, tracking their way up the inside of thighs to the soft flesh between.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“No, not always, no,” Watson agreed, crossing the room to reposition the second chair next to Holmes’ at the fireside. Sinking into its its wide arms, stretching his legs, Watson too regarded the flames. “Men with faith died. Men without faith died. War doesn't discriminate, neither do bullets.”
John’s thumbs stop drawing circles on Sherlocks arms and he leans in to rest his forehead on Sherlock's.
"What …?"
pieces and turned it over in his fingers, looking at it as if, in just existing, it was an insult to the game itself.
A lab rat able to choose the parameters of its own participation in the experiment.
“He didn't use a code.”
? Okay, how about what the
"Now, please," Sherlock was begging.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/2pC9UHkrSWH6lJPkXlMIsI
“Yes,” Lestrade conceded, “it’s open to the public.”
“It’s okay,” he had assured her quickly. Perhaps too quickly but he couldn't cope with her guilt for the way she had been around Sherlock on top of the pile of his own guilt threatening to suffocate him.
For a moment, John wanted nothing more than to wipe that grin off that man in a way that would leave permanent damage. The officer behind him in the observation room shifted uncomfortably, as if she was aware of the rage pouring off of John.
But this wasn't just one of his moods. This
“And deprive you of the opportunity to look after both of us? I wouldn't dare,” Sherlock grinned at the back of John’s head as he followed him out of their compartment.
The man, having given a command to the dog attentive at his side (a black labrador), raised a shotgun to his shoulder as the animal took off into the reeds, flushing out a duck in its path. Straight up the bird flew, and then plummeted down just as quickly, limpy, heavily to the ground, felled by a single shot. As the man lowered his gun and let it hang by his side, a sense of deja vu overcame John
After about five minutes, tight winding lanes gave way to a straight stretch of road lined by long-established trees, and just before the next intersection, Sherlock pulled the vehicle over to the side, directly across the road from a large manor house. Aside from its size, John didn't think there was anything else particularly remarkable about the large stone building until his eyes were drawn to the black and white signpost slightly to the left of the front gate.
“Dulce et decorum est?”
“Why?” Sherlock's eyes narrowed.
And John hung up.In that second, it felt good to be unkind to someone else when he was hurting so badly. But a moment later he mentally castigated himself - none of this was Greg’s fault after all.
"Nothing."
“Travel isn't always pretty. It isn't always comfortable. Sometimes it hurts, it even breaks your heart. But that’s okay. The journey changes you - it should change you. It leaves marks on your memory, on your consciousness, on your heart, and on your body. You take something with you. Hopefully you leave something behind.” ~ Anthony Bourdain
The ball, gripped in his hand, his capable hand, is warm. Pliable from being held so long. The ball will ensure his death. Will ensure that all John will know is an icy silence when he calls out his name, when he reaches for the red life in his veins.
Music for Chapter 43 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Mycroft drew his gaze back to John. “Why don't you ask him, then,” he suggested imperviously.
Mycroft simply looked back at him impassively until John reluctantly removed his hands from the man's lapels and took a step back.
under arrest, you are under
“And this
Music for Chapter 56 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Audiomachine • Magnus
He set the frame aside.
Last but not at all least, thank you so much to all those lovers and readers of fanfic. Whether you kudos or not, whether you comment or not, you make this journey magical. Thank you for reading and I hope that you stick around for the next one.
“Cut the bullshit, Mycroft, and tell me what's going on.”
After about five minutes of chewing, John was relieved to see the tremors in Sherlock’s body start to subside. Gathering himself, Sherlock pushed off from the railing and turned to lean his back against it, facing John.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0I2NAg42m44
The Untold
) proffered her hand first to Sherlock and then John who had risen as she entered.
The brutalist metal parts spread themselves out on the desk in front of him, in front of the window letting in the barest amount of overcast grey light, the few hours since waking having done little more to illuminate the mid-morning sky. Alongside the metal, the tools of the cleaning kit sit, waiting for his attention.
Belstaff to frame his face, he grinned and spun on his heel.
“A past employee?” John offered helpfully when Frank un-paused the frame, showing the gate swinging open, granting access.
“You know where he is stationed,” Mycroft pointed out.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/49mHO8MsULIqvI4NhKZeYa?si=-ykWn1PES3KCRTr-La1U_A
Shawn James • Shadows
John made to move closer to the table and Lestrade stepped up to divert him.
“Where is it that you think I could go?” Sherlock aimed his sarcasm at John’s back but fell well short.
Alt text: One. J. Hurt. A dangerous place. A thing that strikes, Of blame, In anger, And no way back. S. Let’s suppose. Hypothesize. That under the right conditions. Balance can be restored
The Brothers Bright • Abolition
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/0y1QJc3SJVPKJ1OvFmFqe6
“Yes sir, I can.”
“Would your …
about dying for one’s country. John knew that from years on the front line, months in Camp Bastion and all the time spent piecing together bodies in the improvised field medical stations in between. War, as far as he had borne witness, was nothing but blood, and dust.
“God, yes.”
Time to think. Time to plan.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edB_VJz_jX4
Sherlock sighed and tried (but failed), to ignore the voice in his head that quite chose to remind him at each floor he now had to ascend, that it would have been far quicker if he had asked John to accompany him.
“Where is he?” John demanded of the Constable on duty at the front desk. Before the young and slightly stunned
"He's coming in? Not ‘being brought in?’ Is that how you treat psychopathic serial killers these days? Send them a written bloody invitation for a friendly ‘chat?’” John’s voice climbed higher and higher as he spoke.
“Did it save them?”
But, as it turned out, absolutely, completely and utterly lacking the prerequisite body.
Mycroft sniffed and then sighed. “Give me a moment.”.
“To what end?” Sherlock mused. “You … need him for something ...” He studied Mycroft’s face carefully. “No,” he deduced, you
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
It was said in a whisper, on a breath. Watson sank back into his chair. “She didn't struggle," Holmes repeated more firmly, eyes still fixed ahead. “The ones who fight I understand. The ones who don't I always understood not wanting to live or being too scared to fight. She was neither.”
archives mentioning the fire, the two deaths and the survival of the child but nothing more. A reference on the Galway Blazers hunt club website to its “esteemed” (John treated that word to an eye roll and a huff) patron, one Jim Moriarty. But aside from that, not a lot more.
“Do we know where in the house he has him?” John asked Sebastian who still had his earpiece in.
Gone.
“It shouldn't have been. . Sentiment, dear brother; something even you can't control. Or understand.”
to do to keep yourself amused, because we are going to be here for a while.”
“ ... but I need you to remember … that you're not alone. You don't have to do any of this alone. The rest of us might not be as brilliant, and I might not get there as fast as you can, but you know I do in the end, and I will always. I want to always be there beside you doing it. I won't leave you, so please don’t leave me. Right, okay, there, said it ... and all to a man who can’t hear me."
"Doctor Watson, I hope you will confine your remarks at this stage to what is needed to proceed to the formal inquest. This is not a venue for discussing hypotheticals that are not backed up by the evidence available to the police."
(See the end of the chapter for
consulting detective be joining us today?”
“Can’t they be looser? I am not going to be able to get out of these to help you if it goes wrong,” John started to worry.
“Oooo,” Moriarty’s eyes went wide, and his mouth went round as he leaned forward to take a closer look at the knife.
Here and gone
"Send it to me, now. I can tell you whether it's Moriarty," John prompted impatiently.
John felt Lestrade’s wary gaze on him as he re-read the message a second time.
“It's all O negative.”
For a fleeting moment he considered demanding more precise coordinates from his anonymous texter - clearly they wanted the body to be found, but no, even if he could get a signal in the bowels of this building, the world's foremost
“But there must be those who dislike you more than others?”
Now assessing the man in front of him; tired, the lack of sleep, John saw that the strain of worry and frustration was starting to take its toll - there was a stiffness in his spine and a stutter to the usual fluidity of his movements. And while John knew they could both probably keep going for another forty-eight hours or so, he had had quite enough of dancing like a puppet on Moriarty's string for one day.
On Spotify:  https://open.spotify.com/track/5VyFoSYimC6yeBaJqTRwXy?si=eSp-TZlnSMSJomrruLSOMg
Out of date
Music for Chapter 57 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Fifteen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J He knows And he lets it happen He knows and lets it be. an act of surrender, His cowardice.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S Fingers folding in on themselves. Stealing breath, steeling his heart, he gives himself away.” An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the top half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
“So I have already been informed,” John remarked dryly. Sherlock snuck John a glance and smothered a grin.
, go deduce some passengers, but nicely!" John waggled his finger at him. “I want to stay on this bloody train!”
) Sandrine continued, ignoring Sherlock’s questioning gaze.
Sherlock made his way out of the room and through the first door. He could see through the window that John was keeping one eye on the warehouse and another eye on his progress. Not clear yet, but he was starting to breathe easier.
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Fourteen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J The words you don’t say, won’t feel, can’t allow yourself to think. They may be the most powerful thing,”. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S Time to end the charade Of playing that you weren’t”. A horizontal line.
"Can you help me get some coffee, John?" Although it was more a firm directive than a question.
Sherlock held his gaze for a few seconds as the anger in John’s dark blue eyes flared. “I'm sorry,” he whispered, averting his eyes to focus on the ceiling.
And Donovan was there too.
"The Battersea corpse, where is it?"
Shaking her head. “Not personally. They did work in other areas of the business though. Picking up samples, ensuring chain of custody, that sort of thing.”
John turned towards the limousine’s minibar and grabbed a foil packet. “At least he has quality nuts.”
Alt text: Seventeen. J. What, this again? A glimpse of the dazzle of brilliance, the pull of the dueling of wits. Wary, but still starting to fall under. So that's quite mad. S. Nebulous, this idea, then, tenuous, illusory. But if you look closely, really look. There.
John clenched his fists under the table, trying to stifle the urge to raise his voice. "You owe me that much. You owe Sherlock that much," he finished evenly, trying to pretend he hadn’t heard the catch in his own throat as he spoke Sherlock’s name. It didn’t matter. John wasn’t above laying down the guilt card.
Nothing in the files, nothing on the bodies, and despite his considerable efforts to the contrary, nothing on the recording that could be used in evidence.
Before sleep claimed him John heard a couple of words mumbled softly into his chest, that sounded a lot like
Whilst Sherlock posited himself as only being in The Game for the resultant high of solving the puzzle, the thrill of cracking the case, John knew differently. John knew Sherlock believed that all that was necessary for evil to prevail was for good men to do nothing. What John wasn't so sure of, was whether Sherlock realised that he himself was one of those good men.
Flunitrazepam?
Music for Chapter 7 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don't, but I can find out.”
“How so?” Sherlock’s studious gaze didn't leave the board.
When the image file arrived, John opened it to the sight of the Irishman looking straight into the security camera, blowing a kiss. John seethed, but his attention was quickly caught by the bundle under Moriarty's arm.
“You do realise that your fingerprints being found on a weapon at the scene of a crime is enough circumstantial evidence to justify an arrest?” Donovan warned.
. He knew the feel, its texture - the light fibres rising to the surface of the weave from the depths of charcoal grey. He knew its scent, the way Sherlock’s poncy shampoo and a bit of product always clung to the back of the collar. And even from where he currently stood, a room away and separated by a two-way mirror, he could remember the smell of the overflowing mustiness of the wool as he gathered the weight of the fabric in his arms, helping Sherlock peel it off his body on soggier occasions, during London’s winters.
“Thank you,” Sherlock murmured, hoping that John knew his words were for more than just the receipt of the pills. He palmed the two white capsules into his mouth, chasing them with a sip of water. He let his eyes roam thoughtfully over John's form moving easily back and forth from the fridge to the stove and the sink.
“No, I wouldn’t,” Sherlock retorted as he slammed the door behind him
And moving on
"Because we can,” he answered, finding his voice steady and sure.
" ... and we have a Mr. Jim Moriarty who, evidenced by a voice recording and CCTV footage, conversed with Mr. Holmes in person the night before his suspected death.”
Island
To the point
“The real great perfumers are not perfumers, they are the bees, the winds, the rivers and other things that carry and mix scents in space.” ~ Serge Lutens
“Yes, well,
“Excuse me?”
Located on the outskirts of the city, the warehouse stood as the lone building in a vacant lot in a sea of vacant lots, surrounded by a lot of very vacant dusty land. They had passed a modern-ish looking shopping centre about five minutes earlier but apart from that, things were very, very … vacant.
A deep breath.
Lestrade scrubbed his face wearily. “Oh, what the hell. Alright.”
His parthian shot.
Donovan nodded somberly.
“Yes,” Sherlock drew out the ‘s’, gritting his teeth. “I do know where he is stationed. What I want to know is where he is
Yes, Sherlock had been a pain in the arse, but no more than usual, and John certainly would never consider doing this to him on purpose.
“Soldiers?”
Outside the chambers John waited for Mycroft. As soon as he came through the door, John pushed him back against the wall and hissed low, under his breath. “How … how could you?
“So, I’m just wondering if you'd care to revise your explanation as to how you have come to have it in your possession?” Lestrade suggested.
John had started off low, but by the end he was practically shouting the less-than-a-foot distance across the table at distinctly ill-at-ease looking Mycroft.
He took a deep breath. Then, placing backward pressure on the trigger at the precise moment of exhalation ...
Sherlock was about to insist but then glancing at the clock on the wall and back down the hall to their bedroom, conceded, "no, not now, but first thing tomorrow, with all the paperwork."
The truth of it is, the rats still die. Whether they make it through the maze or not, whether they survive the electric shocks or not. The rats still die. They never tell you that. He never had to ask.
... an involuntary shudder racked Sherlock’s body as he closed his eyes to try and steady his (now shallowing) breathing and escalating pulse. John reached out to smooth the sweaty curls off Sherlock’s forehead and Sherlock burrowed into the touch.
Sherlock continues to study the photograph intently. “I don’t see it.”
Not for the first time, John wondered, if it actually contained some kind of concealed weapon …
“What was it?” Sherlock demanded as he purloined a scrap of paper and a pen off the desk.
If the pause after Mycroft spoke was for dramatic effect, it was completely lost on John. “Frankly Mycroft, I don’t give a flying fuck what
It was clear that Sherlock had been trying to protect him from where this had all gone; clandestine conversations with Mycroft at the airport, Battersea by himself. And he was grateful. Annoyed that Sherlock seemed to think it was necessary, that he needed protecting. But grateful because he knew it was just because Sherlock cared. Fuck, John cared! About Sherlock
Suddenly, the deja vu was back.
“Look at me Sherlock”.
They shared both afflictions.
fuck have you gotten us involved in that has a raving psychopath like Moriarty making house calls on Sherlock at Barts, trying to recruit him? And why the fuck is Sherlock now nowhere to be found? If you don't tell me right now, I swear to God my next stop will be The Times and then we can see how
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v96wkt38EU8
man grabbed the cab for himself, and left John standing on the footpath, staring after the rapidly retreating taxi and muttering the word “arse” not so quietly under his breath.
Sherlock knows what he will do to John.
Spotlights hanging from the brickwork, powered by a generator grumbling deep within the old turbine walls, lit the way down. Finding most of the internal corridors locked, Sherlock’s path was less methodical sweeping and more zig zagging maze navigation.
Music for Chapter 18 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
John harrumphed. He wasn't even in bloody uniform for Christ’s sake, but he conceded, (no need to call attention to his military service or his sexuality; same sex relations still being illegal in the country). Still, what exactly was there to draw anyone’s attention? Was it the polo shirt tucked in to the chinos? He
“Doesn't mean it’s him,” John looked from Lestrade and Donovan who, in his absence, had seated themselves on the couch. “The blood at the other scene was taken earlier.”
As it was, Sherlock's resolve lasted all of ten minutes ...
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Six.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J when we go back then Do we see each other the way I see you now? Do we hear each other the way I hear you now? Do we love each other ...”. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S Fingers whisper of every kind of pleasure But demons still call. Speaking in tongues. Of love and loss And leaving.” An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the top left half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
“A misplaced item," he smiled back.
be there, Greg. Moriarty was after me too. And in the end, if these … results are to be believed, he got Sherlock. I don't have to be in the interview room. Put me behind the glass. I'm the only one who can identify him as the one from Sky Garden and I can confirm that it's him on the camera footage at Barts."
“Provides his services to the highest bidder, yes. Manipulates governments in multinational trade. Brokers arms deals with whichever of the sides takes his fancy - considers himself an equal opportunist. Occasionally he orchestrates the death of a few people to keep himself … amused. The money is important to him, affords him a certain lifestyle, but making people twist and turn … and beg - that is his
Soft gentle touches increased in intensity until the small distance between them became too much. John pushed himself up onto his knees, bringing Sherlock with him. Tongues tasted more strongly, fingers gripped more tightly, stiffened cocks rubbed against each other maddeningly until John broke away with a gasp.
…. Fuck, the eggs were burning! Fuck, buggering fuck, fuck, fuck.
hurtling towards something not good; and that it was not going to end at all well.
He stretched across the bed, fumbling in the nightstand for the tube of lube, Sherlock tracking his every movement. Pushing himself back into position, John poured some into the palm of his right hand, and tossing the bottle aside somewhere into the folds of pushed down sheets at his feet, started to warm it in his palms.
“Consider the dramatic effect achieved,” Lestrade declared. “Guerin do that?”
Quiet, still. John didn't have the words to express what he was feeling, so he let the touch of his mouth, his lips and his tongue speak instead. And where John led, Sherlock followed. Leaning in to each other, lips on lips, cheeks and jaws. Kisses on necks, shoulders and collar bones. Tongues lathing lines of saliva up and down each others chests, fingers following the trails.
Sam Tinnesz • Watch Your Back
If Lestrade had been hoping that the revelation would throw Moriarty, he was about to be disappointed.
“Relax, try not to look so much like a soldier, John,” Sherlock muttered under his breath. “And for God’s sake don't look so gay.”
Bringing up the rear, in a crumbled cheap suit, and announcing his arrival with a “bloody hell” was of course Detective Inspector Lestrade. And to be fair, the scene was … to say the least, dramatically staged. Strung up on a three horizontal, rusted pipes, between two large supporting vessels, the victim was naked, arranged in a pose of crucifixion, arms wide, legs together and head bowed, hair completely obscuring her face.
"Yeah, I know. If I hear anything, you'll be the first to know."
And as it happened, she appeared to pick up on his concern (
“WHAT?”
“Here, give me your hand”. John takes Sherlock’s hand and cradles it in his as he gently turns it over so the palm is facing up.
“You've been to war,” Sherlock prompted. “Did Owen have it right or was Horace? Are we to quiver in horror at the battle, or rejoice in its glory?"
“Nothing for the last little while, but Sherlock started off talking about a panther,” Sebastian raised his eyebrows in question.
Now, kneeling astride the slim hips, pushing back the riot of curls and running his thumbs over the sharply rendered cheekbones, John smiled to himself as he felt Sherlock's whirring thoughts start to slow.
Pushing in on the side and sliding the base plate off the magazine, he captured the magazine spring and the follower neatly in his left palm. Taking the now oily rag, he wiped down the exterior of the magazine tube, coating it in a thin layer of oil then pushed it through the center of the magazine and pulled it right through, coating the inside as well. Not too much; he didn't want the magazine follower to bind. He wiped down the metal spring, put the follower on the spring, dropped the magazine body back over, compressed the spring and slid the base plate back into position.
Places now empty
“Excuse me?” Sherlock eyebrows shot up (
Demon House (Main Theme)
Alt text: Thirteen. J. The papered walls dull, their colours muted. Glasses drained, empty - you've given yourself up. S. within the infinite multiplicity of worlds. You have ceased to exist in a single one of mine.
John took a deep breath, straightened his shoulders and grit his teeth. Here we go, he thought, as Sandrine started to march him inside.
“... but that Mr. Moriarty… It says here that his fingerprints were found on a knife at the scene and that he was subsequently interviewed in conjunction with the investigation. Does the Met still consider Mr. Moriarty a suspect?”
“Save them. Did it save them? Did believing in the existence of some imaginary higher power spare their life in battle?”
“Lets just say I recently had the pleasure of making his acquaintance.” Sherlock’s distaste at the non sequitur rolled bitterly off his tongue.
“So?” Lestrade’s frustration bubbled as he loomed over the body. Watson straightened rose from his position. He regarded the detective inspector for a moment before concurring. “Dead; just like the others".
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/41FUDbrnvoc7RH0APur9jy?si=7Eykpr3JTXa0cr08jdZPOQ
And so it continued for a number of seconds before Lestrade, took his cue to leave them to it.  “You guys got a pool around here?”
“Not particularly, but if you add and H in front of the “Amish” you get my middle name,” John offered.
“Out of interest,” John queried as he held the door to the dining compartment open as Sherlock breezed through “will I be able to eat my breakfast in peace or will there be pitchforks at the ready?”
“Hungry?” John proffered his bag of crisps as they crossed the airport concourse to the taxi rank outside.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock turned back towards Sandrine. “So what do you make of the murders?”
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/6kDAc7oOGzPKf4oUW6MTji
When It All Falls Down
“Only just,” John muttered, squinting one eye awake. “Give me a moment, will you?”
Alt text: Between the Fall and the Creation.
,” Moriarty offered magnanimously.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-iHnbPb60Y
“Now, what is it that
), John knew that Sherlock was about 30 seconds away from hacking into the laptop that was sitting on the desk when there was a knock and the door slowly opened.
Lee DeWyze • Frames
His breaths were coming shallow and fast; too shallow, too fast. His blood pressure alarmingly low and his heart beating at twice it's normal rate.
Anderson regarded him skeptically.
John moves to get up from his position in the armchair, spilling the files from his lap onto the floor as he does.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“Brought what? You refused let me pack my violin!”
Donovan had already taken her seat at the table. The interview room door opened, and John took a deep steadying breath as Lestrade led the way, opening the door to allow Moriarty to saunter in … with another person on his heel ...
Music for Chapter 47 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Nothing.
"Where is he? I'm going to kill him." Lestrade’s voice snarled into his ear.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/0csKKjGdvLRoRDAG9ZdsJZ
“Interview … this way,” he motioned John to follow him through the door and down the dim grey corridor to the room at the end. It was a room John was already familiar with, having accompanied Sherlock on his observations of a subject from the other side of the glass on more than one occasion. But being on this side, it was going to be different. And difficult.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5paJrsIkqg
I am supposed to have committed take place?”
No. There was absolutely nothing
“Well, we probably should change in Madrid as well unless we plan on going somewhere other than the south of Spain,” John smiled back, all teeth. “Don't look at me like that Sherlock, travel is an adventure, you just need to be flexible and adaptable.”
“John is puzzled, it’s quite obvious to him.”
“On our last date.”
John turned and fled back down the stairs, calling over his shoulder with utterly no conviction as he went, “I’m sure it’s going to be fine, Mrs Hudson.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“Let's just call it a happy coincidence.”
She led them down a hallway and out onto a metal walkway overlooking the warehouse floor. The set up was … impressive. Larger than it looked from the outside, it was split into four different sections. At the far end, open racking took up the majority of the space, forklifts moving in and out. To the right, an enclosed, temperature controlled storage area and to the left another. And right below them, a large glass roofed area housed what appeared to be a control room, with numerous pressure vessels, a bank of computer screens and some very scientific, very busy looking people. John shot a glance at Sherlock taking in every minute detail.
“What about the text messages, the other bodies?" John burst forth, demanding, no longer able to contain himself in the face of Moriarty’s seeming exoneration. "Moriarty has been involved in all of this since the beginning!”
"I'll … see what I can do ..." He put his hand up quickly though, as John's expression instantly changed to one of expectation. "But … but, no promises, okay?"
“Hateful John, just hateful," Sherlock pronounced as he breezed into their compartment, wrenching his gloves off dramatically as he set himself
But that was nothing compared to how he felt a moment later, when one of the Tyvek suited forensic technicians on the floor, kneeling with a pipette in one hand and an Eldon card in the other, called out to his partner as he shook his head.
Rage now in firmly in check, John's tone dropped icy and low. "I
Blackbird Song
“Not looking for him, looking for Lestrade,” John stated, stopping just short of the barrier and crossing his arms.
John woke to the sound of drawers opening and closing and the rustle of clothing. Sherlock was never the most considerate of domestic partners in the morning. And when he wanted the other person, namely John, to abandon sleep for whatever endeavour he was focused on, he became even less so.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Music for Chapter 3 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VagES3pxttQ
. From your choice of profession, you clearly like things a little dangerous.” He scrunched his nose, “I bet you’ve even acted out one or two scenes in this very room with your lovely Detective Inspector here.”
Lestrade nodded in that understanding way of his and they left the room.
At the back of Sherlock's mind, there was a niggling worry that yes, John was probably right, that talking first was probably a good idea — a sensible, rational, practical idea. But when his teeth accidently grazed John’s pulse point and John growled — actually growled in response — his desire to see this through completely over-rode that concern.
, have something to eat
And in a rare display of vulnerability, Mycroft replied. “It is beginning to alarm me too, brother mine.”
“Yes, ma’am, it is.”
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wpx4adDVQI
“No, not now, but you do, don’t you? And I carry mine for what I assume would be rather the same reason you carry yours. It provides some … additional insurance.”
John knew already this would be different. He knew from the way in which Sherlock's mind appeared to be slowing, the way his body was stilling and the hesitation in his eyes.
Pushing the door to 221B open, just under an hour later, John’s fuming about his “arse” of a partner had more or less run its course, assuaged for the time being by the determination that they
Music for Chapter 42 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“No, not for the time being. If you should decide to leave London in the next few days, you need to let my people know. You are still under investigation for what part you may have played in the death of Sherlock Holmes.”
“Crime?” the Gardaí regained enough composure to express his confusion. “But you said that he did it to himself, and that’s what the footage shows.”
Alt text: Five. J. No! Despite my want, my desire, my need. Despite it being a total denial of life, to refuse it. I will forsake you. S. And I left the path on this adventure of dreams, And made my way to the woods. To sleep.
“The Ned Hotel, 27 Poultry, room 401,” Moran stated.
In this fic, A Dead Man’s Money, I think that I came a little more into my own. I felt braver in playing with words and phrasing and am gaining confidence in the length of my chapters (you will note that they have been increasing in length over the course of this fic - something that both @88thParallel and @7-percent have been bugging me about, quite rightly, for a while;) It’s not that I didn’t want to, or didn’t think that it was a good idea, it’s just that I didn’t think that I had the words, the ability to make them longer. But, as it turns out, maybe I do ... So, here’s to more, longer chapters in the future :)
When was the last time they had both been here together? Two nights ago? Even without Sherlock physically present, the flat had always felt like home … Now, he looked around, it felt like nothing. Realising that he was still holding the test results, he quickly placed them back down on the table, printed side down. Now they were just a stack of papers, not in effect the signature on Sherlock’s death certificate.
John sniffed audibly, his nostrils flaring.
“Yes,” Mycroft allowed. “That was ... unexpected.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Music for Chapter 12 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Every fic that I write is a wonderful journey and such a different journey. In The Real Great Perfumers (the previous work in this series) I was learning to write fic for the very first time. I had such a wonderful mentor in @88thParallel and I am so very grateful that she chose to continue to beta-ing for me on this fic as well. She’s my punctuation corrector, my “I’m not quite sure what you are you trying to say here-or” and my pom-pom waving, excitedly squee-ing, comment-or who holds my heart ever so gently in her hands when she provides her feedback. Without her, I would never have had the confidence to write Perfumers and as such, would never have been able to write this one either. I wrote because she told me I could.
Sherlock was pretty sure that he could spend the rest of his life, right here, licking and sucking the length of John’s neck and listening to him whimper, eyes closed, neck arched back, the shivers running through his entire body making Sherlock shiver in return at every point their bodies touched.
was his second thought as he turned his head to the pillow besides his to find it empty, with no other sound to be heard in the flat.
"I dunno, Greg," John wandered down the hall to the kitchen, confirming his next words as he went. "He hasn't been home … have you tried his phone?"
“You don't agree Mr Watson?”
Beautiful man. Brilliant mind. Best friend. Soul mate.
His shoulder started to throb and he pressed two fingers roughly into the scar; to make it stop, to make it hurt more.
John thought the Gardaí just might cry. “Sherlock!”
He’d been looking for a misstep, a chink in the armour, a crack in the façade, but there was none to be found.
Lestrade took a breath and turned to Molly. "Molly, you are clearly very busy, but would you mind showing us the body?"
look of his own.
Sherlock looked down at the cigarette held unlit between two delicate fingers. "A useful stimulant."
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNDoWkG1FDs
After fleeing Baker Street, John had spent the better part of the afternoon paying visit to the various locations he knew were utilised by Sherlock's homeless network. However, whether the few individuals he managed to track down truly hadn't seen their erstwhile benefactor, or their loyalty to Sherlock was to a fault, the end result was the same.
Sherlock pried his eyes open but the rolling waves simply served to encourage the rolling in his stomach, so he shut them both again tightly and just groaned. “Cyanide, perfect,” he muttered.
Sherlock, on the other hand, sailed up to the checkpoint flashing a smile at the scowling officer who examined his passport and then waived him through. John, to his chagrin, got to spend an extra ten minutes being interrogated by the said same officer on the reasoning for every trip abroad he had taken in the past five years. While he was being grilled, he glanced over to see Sherlock, leaning back against the rock wall, cigarette in one hand, face turned up to the sun, smirking; the bastard was
"Not now," John heard the DI respond, the phone held away from his ear.
" … and I know you are not big on this … talking thing. God knows I'm not keen on it either... But I'm going to try and say a few things.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
For some reason, that was what did it, the proverbial straw that broke the control that John had been desperately clinging to, making him see red. Red; the bright, oxygenated crimson his own blood pouring from his shoulder wound, redder than he had ever seen in Sherlock's presence, ever before.
he even thought about tracking down the whereabouts of the lanky git.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Donovan looked to Lestrade in question.
“OK, time to get our things together.”
An uncharacteristic silence settled into the call before Mycroft carefully spoke. “How are you involved with Jim Moriarty, Sherlock?”
he thought as he rolled over with a groan and stretched.
Human
John knew he had about as much chance of finding Sherlock as he had of returning to his career of a trauma surgeon. But on the positive side, that also meant that the Met's chances were no better.
“Why of course, I'm just here doing my civic duty to assist,” he glanced towards Donovan and ran his tongue over his teeth appraisingly, “the fiiiiine folks of the Met.”
Clearly trying (and failing) to keep up with the speed of Sherlock’s queries, Frank grasped onto Sherlock’s last question. “No, no one works overnight. We really don’t need many people to run the facility. Aside from ensuring that the leeches are developing as planned and transferring them between the tanks as they grow, the only other thing apart from packaging for shipment is exercising them twice a day.”
Frank paused the video as an image of a darkened figure approached the front gate and proceeded to enter a code into the keypad.
"Gre-- " John started, but Lestrade had hung up before he could get his whole name out.
Done.
“And what exactly are we in all this, bait?” John demanded.
, John typed back, and shoved his phone deep in his pocket.
They arrived to find Sherlock’s and Molly's heads bent over a bench with the files from Lestrade’s box spread out around them and try as he might, John couldn't resist the pull of the light blue folder from which a couple of crime scene photos poked out. Picking up the folder he steeled himself to open it, grateful that none of the others tried to stop him or asked if he thought he should. If he had been his own patient, he probably would have advised against it. But he wasn't a patient. He was a soldier.
He slipped in through the second door. Even dimmer than the lighting in the control room, it took a second for his pupils to dilate in the darkness of the lab. At the back of the room, behind the safety-enclosed working spaces, a series of storage units monitored relative humidity, temperature and oxygen levels. On the right side of the unit, numerous agar plates were open and exposed, and on the left the plates were sealed, complete.
Young,
the question unspoken but clearly understood. John graced him with a nearly imperceptible nod.
"Morgue," the officer jerked his head in an approximation of the direction.
“In Paris?”
The purpose of the journey had been to create marks in their memory, on their consciousness, in their hearts. Right now though, John wouldn't have faulted Sherlock if he thought that the purpose was just to torture him.
Greeting him with a thin lipped nod, John stood back, allowing Mycroft to enter first and then following him to take a seat at one of the square laminate tables toward the back.
Alt text: Sixteen. J. Go then. do anything you like Touch her, feel them. Leave me be. Left. S. Discarded. self-abandonment, the easier choice.
"Yes, at Barts. I'm here. The files are here. But he's not!"
“Fine, fine,” Sherlock dismissed.
Saturn (Instrumental)
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Ten.” A horizontal line. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “J Space opens up and stretches, tight then starts to fray. Once, the condition of there being life. No longer.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S as to what you would dream, If you were allowed, What you would love, if you were permitted Who you would be.” A horizontal line.
Lestrade sighed and winced as he brought a hand up to the back of his neck, rubbing it roughly before looking back to John reluctantly.
“Your brother does care about you, Sherlock,” Lestrade carefully (and perhaps a little unwisely) pointed out.
John. Honest, brave, dependable John. Trusting, warm, passionate John. Moral, righteous, true John.
“Seriously Sherlock, the train was literally only two minutes late.”
) ribs steadily rising and falling. The small wooden clock on the wall ticked by the minutes, hours and John waited. He’d done this before, taken the watch - albeit in slightly less comfortable surroundings but with no less measure of alertness and concern.
“Slowly, OK?” John breathes in.
Sherlock owed John. John knew Sherlock owed John. Sherlock did not know yet that he owed John, but he was going to. For the last two months they had followed leads (and John had followed Sherlock) all over London and the surrounding boroughs in an attempt to discover the identity of the individual whose tastes ran to the delicacy of human flesh. Every day, all hours of the night, every night. Any time the whim took him, Sherlock insisted on John's company, no matter what important (Sherlock had declared unnecessary) task John might have been engaged in at the time. Thankfully the case broke before John seriously contemplated taking certain measures to ensure he would not be woken at 2am for the third night in a row
Lestrade nodded.
"But, it wasn't just the money, or the excitement … or," John paused, "the sex - though admittedly that was quite good. It was also a time in my life that I felt that if I could, I should."
At that Sherlock’s brows narrowed and he brought his hands up to steeple under his chin. “You never fail to amaze me, John.”
“We purchase refined product from around the world, store it, test it and then ship it. We average about ten shipments of product a week, each averaging about a tonne. Now here,” Sandrine turned, indicating the enclosed storage area on their right, and the bottled contents displayed beyond the large glass window, “is where we keep the oil; between five and ten degrees Celsius at all times.”
"Fine. I'll meet you there at nine. I have to do a press conference at eight."
By three in the morning he found himself sitting on a bench on the south bank, on the embankment near Blackfriars Bridge, watching the lights of the city ripple on the Thames.
“What, no pleasantries?”
"Sorry John, I’ve gotta go."
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXZAh1ZtG_w
Mycroft pushed his cup away from him, having consumed none of it and stood, clearly considering the conversation over. He paused as he pushed his chair back under the table.
Taking his life. Taking his life from John. John who gave him life. John who took a life to save his life. Now he will take all that away from John.
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Four.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “J Favours the bold, favours the brave. If you should be so fortunate But not I. But not I.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S And you said naturally, as you began As if there was anything natural at all about any of this.” A horizontal line.
Music for Chapter 28 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Well you are going to have to think of
He knew John had seen it, because he felt it in the way that John picked up his hand and caressed his fingers. In the way that John gently eased his belt free of his trousers and undid the clasp. And in the way John carefully, ever so carefully drew his trousers and pants down and off until he was standing there, just as naked as his heart. He stood there, watching, blinking as John divested himself of the remainder of his own clothing and came back to him with a light, a love, a warmth shining in his eyes.
Head back against the headrest and eyes lightly closed, Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile.
It took another 15 minutes for Sandrine to weave the Jeep through the maze of fractured, dripping streets to Guerin’s house.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/5OOoQHe7qWFEmZSaBlF40C
eggs.” Sherlock huffed.
“Let’s take a walk,” Sandrine nodded to the metal stairs leading to the warehouse floor.
Dressed in a scullery maid’s plain attire, she was no more than 15 or 16 Watson surmised. Her long dark hair, having escaped from her cap at some point, swirled through a pool of congealing blood beneath her neck as the spaces between the cobblestones drew the remainder away down the street. On her back, head tilted to the right and right arm stretched out, fingers gently curling in her palm, she looked serene, peaceful, asleep.
“ … he found a way to replace them with people who could. An aunt and uncle in Dublin. Old money; forebears founded the Irish Kennel Club or some such ghastly endeavour. Both relatively intelligent, but their true value was in the access they could provide to the best educational institutions and with it persons of influence. Moriarty kept them around until they outlived their usefulness; they died in a car accident the month before he left for university”.
Sherlock looked at her feet, questioning her current choice of footwear.
“Well certainly not imaterial now, wouldn't you say, since its the only lead you have to go on in the case?”
"You know what," John suddenly pitched the auto-injector at the ground, the plastic case splintering, sending the blue cap flying across the concrete, startling Sherlock and causing him to jerk his head up suddenly. "I really don't give a shit about why you think you need nicotine or any other stimulant … because clearly you don't give a shit about all the people who were worried about you today. Lestrade, Molly …" his voice trailed off, too hurt now at Sherlock's lack of response to add his own name to the list.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Eight.” A horizontal line. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom left half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S a curious tie, you said. No such thing as coincidence. Just the confluence of events, of lives, in motion.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Will we heal and come out of it Will we see the light and live?”. A horizontal line.
… and so you may have guessed from the last words of this fic, that @7-percent (who has already added some most wonderful twists of the knife to some of Moriarty’s speeches in A Dead Man’s Money), is going to accompany me, as my co-writer, on my journey in the next fic. As @jbailier has previously observed:  “what would be a better what to steer this ship than to hire the best Moriartying co-captain available).
Pulling out his own phone, he scrolled for a number and tapped out a message.
Music for Chapter 11 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Tempora mutantur, nos et mutamur in illis.”
As it turned out, he must have managed to get a few hours sleep because towards dawn, his mind swam into wakefulness to the sound of John's voice, lying on his back, whispering to the ceiling.
anyone. I want John.”
Lestrade sighed. "Out with it."
"There's also a recently saved voice file?" The officer prompted.
Why was he surprised? This was Sherlock. Brilliant, mesmerizing, captivating and the complete and utter pain in the arse that was, Sherlock. But John loved him. And not in the “I love that we do amazing/dangerous/adrenaline producing things together” way or the “we love each other like really good flatmates” kind of way, but the “I love you and would really like to spend the rest of my life knowing you, your body and your mind intimately, while still doing amazing/dangerous/adrenaline things and being really good flatmates.” John had known this since the beginning, since the moment he first saw Sherlock in the lab in Bart’s and wondered how the gods had seen fit to bring such fascinating creature into his life. He had known it then. And he had been content to wait. He was now done waiting … but maybe it would be prudent to alter his plans slightly? He wanted to end up fucking the man, not killing him!
"I'm sure they did, but I can't just hang around waiting for him to bloody call, can I?" John snapped, thundering down the stairs, forgetting, in his haste, to retrieve his coat.
rubbing the indents with his thumbs as his heart rate increased. His hands kept smoothing up Sherlocks neck, stopping to cradle his face
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQVop3-OOXc
Holmes turned to look at Watson for the first time since the crime scene. Now he looked lost.
“OK you, let's go,” John announced, exiting the washroom. Sherlock jumped up from his position on his bed. “You know, you could have put the beds away while I was getting ready,” John shook his head wryly.
The headlines read like the cover of a C grade crime novel, each trying to out-sordid the next in a desperate attempt to grab the public’s two-second attention span. Of course they had been interspersed with the regular news of the day; the Iranian oil tanker that was being held in Gibraltar, the 737 MAX still under investigation and costing Boeing and the airlines a fortune in the meantime, but everywhere he looked, the headlines of Sherlock's "death" blared. In the end he just shut it all out, holing himself up in Baker Street. It didn't stop them though, greedy bastards - the rapping of the Baker Street door knocker had been insistent, every minute of the hour, day and night. In the end, Lestrade had been forced to put an officer on the door by a very irate and also grieving Mrs. Hudson.
"What's he carrying?" he asks Lestrade.
Sherlock had pouted for days claiming he didn’t know why John couldn't do it, and John had repeatedly assured him that he very much did know why he was the one who had to do it. The previous Christmas with the flashy dress and the ornament in her hair had been excruciating, not to mention the evisceration she had received before a very uncharacteristic but extremely warranted apology from Sherlock. For all the favours Sherlock had wheedled out of her in the past, and for all the sweet but misguided affection she had proffered in exchange, it had to be done. And it had to be done by Sherlock.
John turned towards him, squaring his shoulders. “Linda Kearney, a PT aide at Headley Court in Surrey. I spent six weeks there after I returned, and then a few months as an outpatient.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, encouraging one eye open to assist him in seeking the tablets from John's palm with his long fingers.
“So, she was poisoned?”
Music for Chapter 19 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Not born to it though,” Sherlock countered, recalling the ornate fox tie-pin affixed to the man’s hunting cravat.
Sherlock knows what this will do to John.
"Umm, boss ..." the officer turned the screen, and the four lines of text, towards them:
After a few seconds, he brought his head back and opened his eyes to find Sherlock had pressed himself up on his elbows and was staring at him intently.
Sherlock followed Lestrade into the kitchen, not at all happy at the intrusion. And even less happy when, upon greeting him, John proffered Lestrade a plate of eggs and toast as well. “Those are
“Then get something on him,” John snapped, then his face winced, instantly contrite. “Yeah, sorry about that.”
In the end, they left him there, still sitting in his armchair as they let themselves quietly out.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft had honed the skill of speaking down his nose to fine art form however he was not going to be drawn into a battle of pissiness just yet. “Where is Sebastian Moran?”
As keyed up as they both now were, this wasn't going to last long, but John didn't mind, and Sherlock who was always and forever an impatient git, didn't look like he was going to mind either.
“Cheers, mate,” Lestrade waved his fork in thanks.
In the meantime he needed to find out what had happened. What the Met thought they had on him. Who had Lestrade said called him? Southwark? Borough High Street Station was the closest police station, and from his current position it was only  twenty or so minutes on foot. Good thing too, because he had left his wallet in his coat hanging up by the front door of the flat.
Headed for the chambers, John had passed the court rooms on the right, already filling with the first scheduled inquests of the day. Volunteers were guiding bewildered attendees huddled in groups or sitting alone through the process. He ignored them as much as possible as he wove his way through them to the chambers at the back. Mycroft was already waiting inside the room, sitting primly at the front opposite one of the Coroner’s assistants with a large stack of documents in front of him.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uB-e9qzUjE
“And this,” John kept Sherlock’s gaze and he gestured to the board, “is this a beautiful game?” John surprised himself by realizing that so much rested on Sherlock’s answer.
Trail of Evidence (Instrumental)
“So? I don't like people treating me like a toddler that needs a babysitter to go out in public.”
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0r2cQJT43Y
“Fuck, it’s wet,” Lestrade muttered. Sebastian huffed in agreement.
“S’good,” Sherlock mumbled. “Go get yourself something to eat .. and, have a shower, you smell,” his eyes opened and his mouth turned up at the corner as he gave John’s thigh a playful push to get him moving.
"I really don't know, Molly," John rubbed the back of his neck as he avoided her hopeful gaze and instead studied the files in front of her. Then he looked up at her. “Hey, is there any place you know of that Sherlock hangs out in when he's here?
“Just tell him I'm here and want to have a word,” John wasn't going to move from the spot and Donovan knew it.
“Piss off, Sally,” John growled, not even bothering to temper his dislike for the Sergeant as he followed Lestrade through the door and steeled his resolve with a deep breath.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, centered that reads, "To." A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, "To us. To you. To them." A horizontal line.
How’s your day looking Molly?” John smiled encouragingly, trying to make small talk.
Alt text: Fin.
. He stumbles over something on the ground. A body. John’s body. Blood, so much blood, on his hands, on his coat, in his hair. There is a scream. His voice. But not him. He lurches forward, a warm steady hand comes out to grab his shoulder. He screams again; this time he knows it’s him.
“That Moriarty?” Lestrade prodded, interrupting what was about to be an emotional avalanche.
John groaned, running a hand along the back of his neck and winced. He knew he had still been awake at 6.30am when the night sky, past the heavy curtains, had begun to open up to the dawn, but sometime between then and ... (he checked the time on his phone) 8.09 am, he must have dozed off, only to be awoken now by a very disgruntled consulting detective.
Tommee Profitt (Feat. Sam Tinnesz) • Cinematic Songs Vol. 2
And so I wrote it, and I hope that you like it.
“And you didn't leave at all?”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
; tracing his path in reverse, John's grip tightened on Sherlocks shoulders
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfmvb_GvLMw
Music for Chapter 36 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Yes, well you never really know what you are getting into when you start, right? But it — he has been good ... to me.”
They die because it's safer for them than living a future in which their lives cannot be ensured. He will die for John because it's safer for John than if he lived. His death will ensure John’s future.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Prologue.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly that reads, “Fix this. How do you fix this? How do you ford the river of lies? How do you, plaster over the cracks? In the beginning. In the beginning all things are new. Are fresh. Are crack-less. Are pure. Hope. Faith. Once there, now gone. Trust. What trust?". A horizontal line.
While the inspiration for this fic was of course the extraordinary life of Serge Lutens, his beautiful house and his captivating words, this is not a story about Serge Lutens. This is fiction, pure and simple.
Moriarty’s eyes panned slowly to take in the landscape of the sparse room bathed in fluorescent light, and as Moran remained by the door, he crossed the dozen or so feet across the concrete floor to the two-way-mirror to stand mere inches away from John on the opposite side. Huffing an exaggerated breath on the mirror and then using the sleeve of Sherlock’s coat to wipe it clean, Moriarty stared into the mirror, straight into John’s eyes.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his lungs filling with air and his groin warming. He must have done something right.
The two messages before those were from Lestrade, the sentiment along similar lines, albeit with a few more expletives. Lestrade glanced guiltily at John who shrugged knowingly; Sherlock drove them both nuts on a regular basis.
Moriarty smirked and leaned back in his chair. With exaggerated nonchalance, he threw his hands open.  "Feel free. There are cameras in the lifts and stairwells of The Ned. They like to keep tabs on their guests, for their own protection. Oh, I just remembered,” he put a finger to his mouth in a dramatic gesture. "We have a witness. Do interview that nice boy who delivered the room service; I'm afraid he got quite an eyeful. I invited him to join in, but the poor chap just bolted. Didn't even wait for a tip."
“I’m good. She’s good,” John stated in approval.
“Good god I hate journalists," the DI muttered to himself, setting the file box down on a benh. "Why do I always come out of those things feeling like a carcass stripped by vultures? Right then, you’ll be wanting to see …" his voice trailed off as his gaze flickered between the three of them.
"Are these
Music for Chapter 38 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Watson considered telling Holmes’ of the lives of the men he had taken, of the lives of the men he had tried to save, of their words when they knew death was near and the fear in their eyes when they realised theirs would not be a swift end. Of the prayers he had heard muttered and the curses shouted aloud. Of those who had gone silently and those whose anger only left with their last breath. Watson turned his mind to the ones who held their faith to the end; loud, soft, scared, resigned, rich, poor, they had nothing in common save their trust in their gods. Watson wasn't a spiritual man but he appreciated the comfort that their beliefs provided them all as they faced their end.
Guerin nodded graciously, enticingly. “Of course. I will be back tomorrow morning and can take you through them. And perhaps a personal tour of my laboratory, if you are interested?”
of interests. Easily bored,” he explained with a wink. "Seb here shares some of them; we both like knives, antique ones like the one you've got in that bag. Are you sure that it's in the museum inventory? After all, someone could have just dropped it in place."
“Maybe not liked, but I think that if you play a fair game then it is possible to be respected.”
Seemingly encouraged into action by Sherlock’s limp form, John muttered a quick “wait here" under his breath before disappearing back into the ship the way he had come.
The Demand of Man
Following the path of a recessed gantry, Sherlock swept from the open floor into the darkened arteries leading to Switch Room B.
"What the hell are you saying, Sherlock?"
smoothly shaven! legs (Sherlock's thought process stuttered;
And of course, John had forgotten his bloody coat, so even the mildness of the Autumn night was chilling when he eventually left the roof. He walked around Smithfield, through Russell Square and a hundred other places, to let the cold of the night distract him from the pain of Sherlock’s words.
“She didn't struggle.”
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCLT0HNJLWw
“She didn't pull it off in a struggle, the indents in her palm would have appeared at the top of she had. It wasn't ripped from her, she held it secure. She held it at her neck, the pressure of the three points even on her skin. It only came away from her neck when her hand went limp and pulled it free.” His words came faster now, agitated.
“He will notice if they are,” Sandine tightened them some more. “This needs to look real.” She tugged on the rope, satisfied with the knots and turned him around. “Ready?”
but what on earth had gotten into John in the meantime? He needed to study this new development very closely, but no need to alert John to his interest just yet.
“I highly doubt that," Lestrade responded. "Sherlock Holmes really isn't the gift giving type. But ... assuming that he did, when exactly did you receive this “gift” from him?”
) on the back.
John hummed in agreement.
Blood // Water (Acoustic)
“Well, here’s the thing about that,” Lestrade mused, rubbing his chin thoughtfully as he leant forward, “I would, if I could … but we think he’s dead. And here you are, wearing his coat.”
“If you wanted to see my firearm, you should have just asked,” one eyebrow arched, as she held his gaze and reached behind her. She then placed a handgun gently in his still outstretched hand.
The chance for life.
It was the first time Watson had heard his friend so troubled, so doubtful, so unsure. He looked pained; the world as Holmes knew it wasn't adding up. The rationale was flawed and he struggled to understand, to make sense, and to return order to his brilliantly sharp mind, his world.
And with John's eyes now open, his hungry tongue, teeth, mouth on Sherlock’s and his hands determinedly pulling Sherlock's shirt free from his pants, it appeared as if John was quite willing to let it go too.
"With a middle-class background that wouldn't have put you in a position to pay off tuition fees outright, you would have had to apply for a student loan. Graduating and faced with double shifts where you only saw the inside of a hospital on graveyard shifts and saddled with a debt that would have taken you over a decade to work off, the idea of a life of excitement serving Queen and country along with the "golden hello" to clear your debts would have seemed quite appealing," Sherlock pronounced before smirking. "And ... what do the good girls like even more than a doctor, but … a soldier."
In roughly the same amount of time it had taken him to locate Control Room A, Sherlock now found himself enveloped in the dark heavy, machinery of Switch Room B. Where A Station had been a study in preservation, B Station, always the less attractive of the pair, had been completely gutted, and the ground beneath his feet was mud pitted with the tracks of heavy machinery. No Italian marble or Art Deco stylings here; just function and purpose without the glamour. The Switch room gave way to a hoarded area behind it, and there in the semi-darkness, up against the pipes and vessels, in the cold damp concrete bunker, she was.
