Tony purses his lips thin. “Because I’m a billionaire, and you refuse to take advantage of me,” he mutters under his breath.
“How’s that for helping you out?” Tony whispers, as he pulls away.
“I know, I
James stares down at him. “It’s never going to be enough for you, is it? Any and all explanations that I give you will never be enough. You’re never going to forgive me for leaving you, are you?”
He turns back to the cell in desperation.
“And you chose your career,” Tony says, finally.
A vindictive glee rises in Tony. “You look disappointed,” he says, clucking his tongue. “I like that. How does it feel?”
“Ladies and gentlemen, this morning, we do not take another step toward annihilation. Today, we take the first step on the path to peace. We will begin with a series of micro-injections to the subject’s major muscle groups.”
Tony leans forward and brushes his mouth against James’, fleetingly, his hand working its way into his long, unbound hair, and then, the press of his mouth firms up, pushes hard, and his tongue works its way into James’ mouth, licking behind his teeth.
He turns, seeing a platoon of tired, wounded soldiers gathered in a group, while an ambulance rolls up to the hospital tent. Corps alphas unload the wounded on stretchers.
Tony breathes a sigh of relief. He climbs to his feet, and when he looks over, the river of burning oil is only a foot away from Steve. Tony runs towards him, the bayonet aimed directly at him. He slashes the blade at the tip, cutting through all of the bindings. Steve falls backward, now without purchase, with a yelp, and Tony, eyes wide, lurches forward, gripping him by his shirt and tugging it back. Tony loses his steady feet, and suddenly,
The resident grabs the syringe from the tray.
“Okay,” Tony sighs, smoothing his hand over their hair. “So, you know what you have to do, then, don’t you?”
“Tony, fuck,” Steve shoves off his jacket, wrapping it around the wound, but the blood just ends up soaking the material too fast.
“-I think the guy might be coming for you, yeah,” James says, wearily, covering his face with his hand.
The next day, they go out to dinner.
“Yeah, you’re supposed to, because I’ve never given you a reason to not fucking trust me,” Tony reminds him, grinding his teeth together.
“Yeah,” he finally says, rubbing the band between his index finger and thumb.
“Oh.” Peter looks thoughtful. “Okay, then, when Steve and Bucky come over, I’ll give them a big hug and call them Daddy.”
“Thank you,” Tony says, gratitude suffusing his voice, and flees the room, making his way down the stairs and out the door towards the car parked out onto the streets.
“I’ll be back in a minute,” Steve soothes, pulling Tony’s hand from his shoulder. “We’re going through this wall.”
“Do you have any idea how many nights and days I’ve had to do this for myself?” Tony asks, his mouth parted. “Do you have any idea how many mornings I’ve woken up hard and wanting you, and you weren’t
Steve pulls back. “We have to keep moving; can you walk?”
“It has been pointed out to me that some people would look at my actions and perceive them as hinting at something more between Steve and I,” she says, a formal edge to her voice, like she’s presenting evidence before a Senate inquiry, “something more than friendship, at least.”
“I want that too,” Steve promises, his voice pitching low and fierce.
Steve startles, as if he hadn’t been expecting it, expecting for someone to come down on his side in a favourable light.
Tony sits up, and his chest is still burning, his throat still tight. He presses a fist to his breastbone, over the arc reactor.
“Nonsense. You know how much we love having them over,” Wanda says, dismissively.
Steve sits up, glowering at him. “Do you even hear yourself?” he asks, incredulously. “Is that what you really think? That I
It doesn’t bother him as much as it would’ve, had he included Natasha there as well.
“Anyway, James told me that when he got back to the States, SHIELD started looking into him and his track record and in particular, what he used to do for HYDRA. Apparently, they don’t quite believe that he’s actually defected. So, they’ve been tailing him, setting their agents on him.”
“You don’t want to know.”
what happened that night, I was
Stone shrugs as much as he can in the ropes. “What can I say? The girl’s a freak. Look,” he sighs in a mock sympathetic way, “I get it. You’re in love with her. Toni’s the kind of girl that guys go crazy over, and you think that you’re doing her a favour here, but you’re not. You’re just a long line of boy toys that Toni likes to find. She fucks you blind, and when she’s done with you, when you’ve served out your use, she throws you out on your ass, because you’re not actually capable of fulfilling her. And when she’s done, when she’s done fucking her way through the whole world, she’ll come back to
“And do we… could we call you something else?” Peter asks, uncertainly.
“For fuck’s sake, Tony, I never said that,” Steve snaps.
“So, you went to marriage counselling?”
He has two choices here: in one universe, he goes and helps James, James, who loves him and who he loves in turn, and who is so formative in the person that Tony is today, and saves him from some too-nosey secret intelligence agency which wants to stop James from doing only good things (and maybe, maybe, he has fallen into a rut; maybe, as much as he hates himself for even thinking it, maybe fatherhood is not enough for him; maybe he doesn’t get as much pleasure sitting at home and taking care of the kids and fulfilling their every desire, and only getting a chance to reframe the future, change the world, when the kids are sufficiently fed and have been read all their stories and are finally in bed or when they’re at school and someone else’s problem; maybe helping James is an escape hatch he’s been waiting for, the chance to be a part of something great, something special, as he had been back in Cambridge all those years ago; maybe it’s what he wants and needs in his life right now, not more of the same, but something different –
“That was all Steve,” Natasha says, quickly. “I didn’t want to go at first, but he looked so pathetic, and I knew he’d screw it up, you know? Buying you a gift, so I decided to tag along.” She sighs, heavily, like she’s exhausted right down to her bones. “Tony, you need to understand this, or believe me at the very least when I say this: I have never wanted you and Steve to break up.”
Peter immediately grabs his bag, but Maushmi just gives Tony an unimpressed look.
“I’m fine,” Wanda reassures. “My head hurts a little, but I expect that’s normal.”
Steve gets angry, his fists clenching. “That’s not, that’s not fair. I’m going to go and–”
“Always.”
, like his mother had done for him the numerous times someone had been dumb enough to kidnap him as a child without realising that the American position of
“That doesn’t mean that he’s cheating on you,” James offers, hesitating for an agonising moment, his face looking very much like it physically hurts him to take Steve’s side, even for a moment.
He looks back at him, stonily, this man that Tony loves still so desperately, loves like he can’t help himself, loves like he’d still die for him, put himself between a bullet and James gladly and happily and have no regrets except leaving his children so early.
James pinches the bridge of his nose. “In all of the mess, one of them got away. It was only when I was cleaning up the bodies that I realised that he’d stolen something.”
Tony nods. “Actually, the first time I met him, I walked into a bathroom at some dodgy bar. I was only seventeen? Still a kid. I mean, the age of consent in Massachusetts is 16, but they have some weird law where it is a crime to induce a person under eighteen of chaste life to have unlawful sexual intercourse. I was definitely not living a chaste life, I can promise you that. But I was getting away from this drunk frat boy, which in retrospect seems to be a lot of my college life when I wasn’t building robots, and I came into the bathroom, and there was a dead guy on the floor.”
Tony bites his lip, his cock hard and heavy between his legs, his belly streaked with pre-come. Steve’s fingers trail down the length of his spine, tracing absent patterns across the soft, warm skin, before slipping right up inside him, thick and strong, reducing Tony to garbled, unintelligible noises that he moans into the sheets. He twists and crooks his fingers, chuckling when Tony trembles, his skin flush-pink and sweat-damp.
Tony’s arm curves in a wide arc. “As you can see, I’m doing great,” he says, dryly.
run; you fucked me, you left me naked in your bed, and then, you ran, and you left me some shitty note that didn’t explain anything. So, you don’t get to come back here, after all of these years, and judge me for the choices that I’ve made in the time being. You don’t get to judge me for moving on without you, for having a life
Coulson looks up at him, his face ashen. “How’d you know she was gonna do this?”
“So, what about the fingernails?” Tony asks, quietly.
“Are you two fucking done?” he asks, his voice breaking messily. “Because you’re acting like a bunch of fucking animals, and I don’t want the kids to come down here and see you both like this; they might start to think that this is how civilised human beings act and solve all their problems.”
Natasha’s brow furrows. “I mean, it was as if there were four razors cutting her at the same time. But invisible razors. She just... opened up...” she trails off, picking at a clot of dark blood on her shirt, as if it were a scab attached to her own body. She makes a soft noise, a noise of agony. “I probably could've saved her if I'd moved sooner. But I thought it was just another nightmare, like the one I had the night before.” She pauses. “There... was this guy who had knives for fingers...”
“Don’t be so dramatic,” Steve says, scathingly. “No, look at the envelope.”
“Where the hell are you, Stane?” he calls out.
Tony looks at James, who rolls his eyes.
James rolls his eyes.
Wanda narrows her eyes. “Come on, Tony, we’re friends,” she cajoles. “You can tell me; it’s not like I would make fun of you for it.”
Steve frowns. “What?”
He can be that omega; he can better.
“The fuck is wrong with you?” he demands. “Are you so fucking insecure that you would screw over everyone else around you just to make you feel better, just for a second?”
Steve hushes him. “I know, I know it’s not your fault. Ma told me after she found out that they’d arrested Nat that she’d made the same agreement with the police too,” he says, morosely.
“And if we refuse?”
“Well?” Tony looks at them, expectantly.
“You always take the fun out of everything,” Steve mutters under his breath.
“Steven?” Abraham clarifies.
you, from the first moment that he knew that you existed. He loved you so much.”
Tony doesn’t dignify that with a response.
Even when the children join him, when they’ve had a bad dream and their fears of monsters under their bed have driven them to seek comfort from the only parent in the house, there’s something missing, and Tony feels it in his gut, like a stone lodged somewhere in his intestine.
“There’s a woman that he works with,” Tony says, absently, breathlessly, because it hurts, it fucking hurts, and no matter how much he’d tried to rationalise it and get over it and explain it as his own failings, it still fucking hurts because he loves Steve and he’s realised that Steve doesn’t love him anymore, Steve thinks that it’s easy to cheat on him, that he’s worth that sort of betrayal.
“No, no, she’s not here,” he murmurs.
), soothing that solid, hot ache that he’s been experiencing for the last couple of days, even while he was bleeding like a stuck pig, and Tony buries his face in Steve’s shoulder, as Steve starts to thrust, his hands tight on Tony’s hips.
Tony rounds on him, rubbing his hand over his face, hoping that Coulson can see how desperate he is.
“Bucky.”
“Fuck!” he curses, and then, he goes back to holding the periscope.
“Well,” Steve’s mouth twists, not a smile but close, not happy but not sad at the same time. “Not just me.”
“Get the hell out of my office, Stark.”
“But yeah, either there’s some genetic phenomenon going on here, which I think is highly unlikely, or Bucky Barnes didn’t go missing in Afghanistan. He was kidnapped by HYDRA, and I know from what James has told me that HYDRA had operations going on in that part of the world, because they have their hands in all the pies. HYDRA clearly did something to him that removed all of his memories, which made it easier for them to turn him into a fucking killing automaton for their purposes.” Tony looks away. “Sometimes, he slips,” he says, quietly. “Sometimes, he talks differently, you know? I didn’t… maybe I wasn’t paying too much attention. Sometimes, he talks in… well, machine rhetoric.”
At first, he starts to think that maybe the time isn’t right, maybe they’ve just fallen into a rut.
“Well, if it isn’t
“The hell I can’t, I’m a Captain!”
“Oh,” Maushmi says.
When he hears cars coming from up ahead, he steps into the shadows, just as a mine car passes with several laughing Nazis.
“That’s just flesh,” Tony tells him, fervently.
“I guess I just want to know, in your experience and in your expertise, is it normal for that to happen? Am I… is Peter… disadvantaged because of it? Should I be doing more to get him out of his shell?” he rushes out, chewing on his lower lip.
He wants to stay, to never leave this room again, because he knows what it feels like now; he knows why his lungs have been clawing at his throat since the moment Peter and Maushmi came screaming into this world; he’s felt the gut-wrenching, hapless, frantic swell of panic, the scrape of his heart joining his lungs in his throat, sharp as a knife; he knows what the fear is, what it tastes like, what it does to him, and it had all been eventualised when he’d gone to Wanda’s house and found it empty, devoid of the twins’ sound, and he knew, he knew without having to search and look that something terrible had happened to them.
“Yeah?” Tony says, through the lump in his throat.
“Colonel Phillips, my committee is demanding answers,” Brandt demands.
“So, why come to the show?”
He shouts, “get away!”, when he sees Peggy coming towards him. “Get away!”
Twenty-four minutes later, Steve comes storming back into the bedroom.
Tony looks at Steve. “You really think that he looks like your Bucky?”
“You caught me,” Tony says, his voice rasping like he’d actually screamed when he fell.
Peter looks at her, curiously. “What is it?”
“This is
, Amma,” Tony barks at her.
“Huh,” Toni drags out. “Do you think that makes me a terrible person? That I’m immediately suspicious of what the two of you are doing with another woman?”
Steve looks at him the same way that he used to look at him when Tony was soft and mussed in his sheets, staring up at him like he was the world and more. Tony looks into the glass, hoping that his skin doesn’t betray the mortification that he feels.
Once Steve is done coming, Tony pulls off his cock, leaning back on his heels, smiling hard with his teeth and waggling his eyebrows.
The kids eat in silence, and Tony is busy cleaning the dishes slowly starting to accumulate in the sink, and then, when they’re done, he grabs their cereal bowls to put it there to be washed as well.
“Bad news, guys,” he tells them, apologetically.
He’s loved Steve since that final year of MIT, and he’d been sitting at the bar on his own and being hit on by some idiot frat boy with his collar turned up like a douchebag, who was busy promising that he could make Tony see stars and come like a racehorse on his ten-inch dick, and then, Steve had inserted himself between Tony and the frat boy, a huge wall of muscle in a thin white shirt that didn’t leave much to the imagination and a pair of jeans, with a leather jacket to accompany the ensemble, and had said in his low, grim voice, “Is this guy bothering you, sir?”
“It’s why I wanted him inside of me,” James stumbles over the words.
Instead, he makes it past the security at the Pegu Club, taking a seat at the bar. He’s so skilled at this that it takes only the slightest deft hand to slip something into Tiberius Stone’s scotch, just as the bartender places it on the bar and turns around to put the bottle away.
“I don’t want you to go,” he says, quietly.
Tony has never been beyond the Shield Road, and so, he gapes at everything with newfound interest, like a child.
Three weeks later, Thor comes to them in their penthouse, away from prying eyes, and tells them, in a solemn, kind voice that a doctor might use when informing a patient of a terminal illness, that he has spoken to his mother, who confirms that Loki was telling the truth, that there is no way of returning Steve to his serumed form.
James lifts his eyes from the photo, his knuckles taut under the skin. “What the hell is this?”
“Yeah, well, he stole the guy I’m in love with. I’m allowed to be a dick,” James retorts.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Oh, yeah.” He licks his sore, bruised mouth. “We got into a major fight. He told me that he was a SHIELD agent, accused me of lying to him our entire relationship, because apparently James and I had planned it, because I’d known that he was a SHIELD recruit when I met him in that bar the first time-”
Tony hits him again. “You’re being rude,” he says, severely.
“Tony,” Sam says, sounding hurt.
“Watch,” he urges.
He didn’t think it was even possible to be this betrayed – joke’s on him, he supposes.
from us and used it as their mark of genocide; if this gem is used to kill people, Nazis and Allies alike, whomever the bearer doesn’t like, it would be the same thing all over again. We, my religion, my culture, my gods, they would be used to hurt people, and that is not what we are about, Colonel. I couldn’t let that happen, so I pushed the chest into the ocean. You can go looking for it if you want, but something tells me it’ll be much harder to find this time.”
Tony closes his eyes in dread.
Steve scowls. “Do you have to make everything an argument?”
“Hey,” she says, softly. “Those kids love you, love you very, very much. I don’t think it’s fair to say that they would throw you over for Steve. Do you have any idea how much they talk about you when you’re here? Do you have any idea how much they talk about what invention you’re making, or what you taught them the day before, or what you read to them, or what song you sing them to sleep? I can assure you, I am a piss-poor caregiver compared to you, as far as they’re concerned.” She chuckles. “They just tolerate me. Hell, when Steve dropped them off yesterday, the only thing they wanted to know and they bugged him with it until he left is when you were coming home and whether
Sam’s face twists up with revulsion.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Why?”
Tony shakes his head. “Fuck me, sir,” he gasps out, his cock twitching against his belly, letting out another spurt of pre-come to wet his belly.
Tony watches as he gurgles, clutching at his open throat, and then, he dies.
If he’s going to die, and he’s fairly certain he is, let that be the last thing he feels, the sensation of Steve’s mouth on his.
“I think we can argue,” Agent Carter says, quietly. “Apologies, Colonel, but I’m inclined to agree with Dr. Erskine and Mr. Stark on this one. Hodge is a bully and a rapist, and I’d rather not see him as the poster boy for the Allied victory, if we can help it.”
Tony swallows hard, a fire building up in his throat, making it hard for his lungs to function. “You… the necklace, though? I mean-”
“There… for my birthday, he bought me a necklace,” Tony explains. “And then, we went out to dinner like a week later, and Natasha was there with a date-”
“Also in the vein of being such a good boyfriend, maybe we could go and try out that thing you mentioned with the vibrator this mornin’?” Steve says, waggling his eyebrows.
Tony chews on his lower lip.
His father is waiting for him just outside Steve’s hospital room.
“And that’s what you figured out from your great investigation?” Steve almost taunts. “That I was having an affair.”
Tony pauses. “Excuse me?” he says, carefully.
Tony’s heart is thundering in his ribcage.
And this is what he got for all of that: the love of his life, lying dead in front of him.
It doesn’t hurt Tony the way that it should, strangely enough. If Steve had stood there, told him that he was in love with Natasha, he would have flipped his shit – in private, of course; he’d never dream of dropping that faultless exterior of his for a second – and then dissolved into tears.
This is what happens when you lay your hands on something that doesn’t belong to you.
“I can’t… I don’t want to do these lies anymore,” Tony whispers. “I’m tired.”
Steve and Tony face ahead, not looking at each other, and their scents are flaring hot in the confined space. Tony can feel the beginnings of the heat’s deluge, and his blood is already beating hot. His tongue feels like it’s stuck to the roof of his mouth, and there’s sweat dampening his brow.
“She actually stood there, knowing all the while that she’s fucking my husband. She came into my fucking house, around my fucking kids, and she pretended to be my friend, like she was so concerned about my fucking relationship, and-and she actually tried to give me marriage advice.
“You’re the friend that I want,” Wanda says, firmly.
Toni surreptitiously indicates for JARVIS to record the scene, as she makes her way forward to three out of her five favourite boys in the universe. She rests her hand on Peter’s back.
“Enough,” Tony snaps. “It was your Daddy, and we all know it.”
“That’s not,” Steve sighs, “that’s not a perk.”
In her mind, though, she’s imagining all of the things that she can buy Sam for having the gift of foresight where they are all concerned.
“Look, I know that you’re the kind of guy that likes to avoid emotional problems, and surprisingly, it hasn’t caused any major problems in our relationship yet, but I have a feeling it’s going to cause problems
“I don’t see why you can’t just give me a pill to keep me from dreaming,” Tony complains.
He makes his way to the kids’ bedroom, finding Peter still sleeping contented, tucked under the sheets. Maushmi, on the other hand, has thrown all the sheets off the bed and is lying splayed out across the mattress, one arm and leg hanging off the bed.
Tony turns around and sees the body bag, lying on the tiles at the far end of the hall, at the end of what looks like a long trail of slime, like what a snail might leave. A pale, bloodied hand thrusts out of the zipper.
“It worked on my systems. As far as I understand, the code that the man used has not been used in many years,” JARVIS says, slowly.
“Yeah, you’ve told me that before,” Steve says, wearily, before making his way towards the door.
“Actually, they’re coming up behind you,” James corrects, peering over his shoulder.
“I believe you,” Wanda says, kindly. “Of course I believe you. I just… I want you to be careful, because I don’t want you to be doing anything without having a conversation with Steve first.”
“What?” Steve asks, gently.
The first man to reach them gets hit in the mouth by the handle of the whip.
“I think you’re going to fail getting
“I think you should go straight up to bed,” Howard says, quietly, standing in the entrance hall.
“I feel like you just confiscated these because you wanted to have all the power in this conversation,” James says, dryly.
He’s just okay.
“Peter’s
“Good,” Tony says, satisfied. “So, with my camera, I have this extra-special monsters-sighting setting on my camera. So, all we have to do is look at the room through the filter and we’ll see if there are any monsters here, and your Daddy and I are here. We should be more than enough for any monsters, right, Daddy?”
In a different world, maybe it was Sam whom he loved and not Tony.
Steve reels back. “Excuse me?”
The next week, he’s dragged into Phillips’ tent.
Tony flings himself into the front seat, and James and Steve get into the back, and they have their guns on them, he realises, once he looks through the rear-view mirror, and he pulls the car into gear, driving out at breakneck speed.
“Life signs critical,” FRIDAY replies, a sad edge to her voice.
Peter doesn’t say anything, but he’s shuddering, shivering in Tony’s arms like he’s cold, and Tony tightens his arms around them.
Steve grins. “Yeah?”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t really care back them.” Tony clears his throat. “Finally, because of my badgering him, James decided to invite me into his confidence, and he told me about the plans to poison Massachusetts’ water supply, and so I decided to help him out. I have a unique set of skills that helped him, and me helping him out with his foiling of a terrorist plan turned into me being crazy-mad in love with him. We… sorted it out; the guys were stopped in James’ special way, and then, one night, after a lot of wine, and yes, yes, I know, underage drinking, we had sex.”
“Steve,” Tony says, gently, firmly. “I know you don’t have any diseases, and I don’t have any diseases, and neither of us want a child right now, in this climate. We have a rubber, and I trust you, I do.”
“I thought so,” Steve says, quietly.
Tony pulls in his lip between his teeth and nods, his shoulders stiff.
JARVIS pauses. “Of course, sir,” he says, uncertainly, because Tony’s never done this, never asked JARVIS to keep a secret from Steve.
Tony isn’t spared a second look. He wonders if he should be offended that his children have all-but forgotten about him now that Steve is here, even though it’s him that does everything for them: drops them at school and makes their lunches and helps them with their homework and puts contact on their books and washes their clothes and buys the tissue boxes and the soap that their teacher wants because it’s a public school and apparently they can’t afford basic amenities. And then, Steve shows up, after ages, and he has their love, immediately.
“He is young, only six and ten, but he has had his first heat. He is a green boy, so you will find him tight. He has all the education a trueborn omega can boast of; he will look after your keep with skill. You would not be able to find an omega with such distinctions in all of the lands.”
“We were having a great dinner, and suddenly, there’s this woman, this really beautiful woman that has Steve stumbling out of his chair to greet,” Tony says, the bile rising in his throat, sour and bitter. “She hugs him, she touches him like she’s incredibly familiar with him, starts smoothing his collar and everything, looking up at him with those doe eyes. They sound close, judging by the way that they talk, but he never even
“There… there could be a thousand reasons for that,” Wanda offers, full of heart. “There… I mean, they’re used to one thing, and that’s you and Steve sleeping together in the same bed. They’re so used to it, and it’s all they’ve ever known. It makes sense that she would have been weirded out by you suddenly coming out from the guest room. She’s only four, Steve. She can only process so much.”
Steve leans back against the counter. “Yeah, I do.”
He loves Wanda, sure, and he definitely doesn’t want to be dragging her into his mess, but she’s less likely to judge him for the choices that he’s made and the decisions that he’s taken, compared to Pepper, who would immediately demand that Tony go to his husband and communicate like an adult. Wanda understands this part of him better, he thinks, because he knows that Sam and Wanda have had their fair share of troubles, especially when Wanda’s brother passed away two years ago and Wanda had a hard time coming out of that loss, and he knows that it impacted upon her marriage.
“Since when do we have horses around here?” Tony hisses.
“Oh, God, I am suddenly Steve Rogers,” he mutters to himself.
“And in the vein of being such a good boyfriend, did you have dinner already?”
Phillips ignores him, tilting his head so that he can look at Tony. “You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy,” he warns.
in probably the whole world who was willing to do an Iyengar wedding ceremony for a woman and two men directs them to start doing the seven rounds around the
“She showed me these drawings that the kids made, of their families. You want to see them, because I have copies? They’re… they’re fucking stupendous, really, they are.”
“God, you feel so fuckin’ good,” he pants. “I love this fuckin’ pussy.”
“Are you calling me fat?” Steve counters.
“Says the man who’s been having it since he was fourteen. It’s easy to go without something when you’ve had a lifetime and everyone else’s lifetimes of fucking,” Steve retorts.
“Whatever you’re doing, do it faster.”
After all, they have two little children, and frankly, most of Tony’s time is taken up with them, and he’s exhausted when they finally go home, and Steve is exhausted when he gets home from work.
Steve worries his teeth on his lower lip. “What
“Who will campaign door-to-door for America? Carry the flag shore-to-shore for America? From Hoboken to Spokane, The Star-Spangled man with a plan.”
“Well?” he says, his voice almost a taunt.
“James, I can’t,” he says, agonised. “Look, Steve has already been giving me shit over my disappearing acts, and you left your stupid bracelet in my bathroom that day, you jackass. You have any idea how much I had to save face.”
And then, he adds a second one and a third, and it’s an awkward angle, with his arm tucked underneath his thigh to reach his hole. His fingers press against his prostate, and he rubs at it, insistently, feeling the spark of pleasure begin to build up at the base of his spine.
James clears his throat. “Does this mean you’re okay with me being part of your family?” he asks, almost afraid to put the question out into the open.
“I rubbed my cock all over you, and you didn’t say a word,” he says, his voice smooth like a slow honey drip. “I touched your thigh, and you didn’t say a word. I told all kinds of stories about what I liked to do to all of those omegas in the brothel, and you walked on by, and this morning, I fucked that peasant boy right in front of you until I came, didn’t take my eyes off you for a second, and you didn’t attack me to defend your precious propriety. Don’t tell you that you are a most chaste omega, Tony. You have shown yourself to be quite the opposite.”
“I’m happy for you,” Bucky says, matching his tone. “But I’m also worried about you.”
, but you don’t exactly have a good track record with apologies.”
“Go back to bed,” he orders.
He turns around to see some random woman heading straight for them, in a bright-red dress, bedazzled to hell, and six-inch heels.
Whatever Natasha may have done doesn’t mean that she is exempt from empathy by virtue of her shitty upbringing, and it doesn’t mean that Tony isn’t obliged to show her that much of human kindness at least.
Steve blinks and sighs. “Oh, honey, I know it’s been a while since we had a proper date night but-”
Steve grins and continues talking dirty to her. “Wish you could see what you look like, like this. Your pretty tits bouncin’ around, your beautiful fuckin’ pussy stretched around my cock like there should be films made about you, baby doll. You’re squeezin’ me so tight. Can you feel me? Can you feel how hard I am for you, how much I fuckin’ want you?”
“I don’t,” she agrees. “What do you want to know?”
“Will do,” Steve hums.
Toni lifts up the skirts of her dress and makes her way over to the couch where he’s sitting and plops herself down beside him.
you. That’s it. In this relationship, what we have with each other comes above everything, and Peter comes above all of us,” Steve agrees, and Toni feels the tears edging her eyes.
Peter pouts. “What about those nice sarees that you wear?”
He walks away.
“The guy got away.” James hesitates. “I’m sorry.”
“I said we’ll see,” Tony says, sternly but softly. “What did we talk about, not putting the cart before the house.”
After several moments of the mine car totally out of control, far ahead, Tony can see a circle of bright daylight.
Tony drags his hand over his face.
Tony closes his eyes, biting back the wince. “It’s more complicated than that.”
“I was convinced they were just nightmares. Come on, before this shit started happening around us, would you have blamed me?” Steve demands. “Whoever would have thought that nightmares could be real?”
“She had a nightmare about somebody trying to kill her, last night. So did I. That’s why they were here, because we didn’t want to sleep alone,” Tony says, defiantly, and rubs at his eyes.
He stops talking, loosing his willpower under Coulson’s glare.
“She’s… for fuck’s sake, she’s out there, fucking my husband, and she has the audacity to come into my house and offer me advice. I bet I know what that fucking advice would be as well,” Tony mutters under his breath. “All the wrong things to do to completely push Steve out the door and into her arms, so I can sit on my own, like old matron that I am, waiting for divorce papers to be sent to me.”
Tony can breathe again.
Dr. Banner looks at the nurse, who hovers around the doorway like she’s too afraid to come in. “Get the kit!” he shouts.
“That gem could win us the war.”
“You don’t get to sit there and pass judgment on what I find attractive or not attractive,” Tony hisses. “You don’t get to do that. I am telling you now that I have no fucking problem with the way that you look right now. Whether or not you stay like this, I don’t care. Nothing is changing between us unless
Finally, he makes a fast break from the shadows of the tunnel to the protection of a high stack of supplies. He climbs the back of the stack, peeks over, and surveys the area.
On top of each drawing are the words
are not my speciality, but I will speak to my mother. If anyone knows how to fix what Loki has done, it is Queen Frigga.” He squeezes Tony’s shoulder. “Be at peace, friend. I will go and investigate on your behalf.”
her. I love her. I would never have hurt her.”
Tony is waiting in the cold, university square on his own, the sky dark above him, and he wraps his arms around himself, shuddering, waiting.
Tony is surprised, but he thinks his face manages it well, remains gracious even though his stomach is churning with nausea.
Okay, Tony knows for certain that he didn’t do that.
deserve better,” James stresses.
“Do you have the gem?”
Steve looks like he’s about to protest, and then, his shoulders slump in resignation. “Okay, how do you want to do this?”
Tony closes his eyes, and the tears rise, unbidden. “Not this. You will absolutely judge me for this,” he whispers.
“Look at it,” Tony snarls. “You know who did this.”
“And that,” he breathes slow and deep, “that was for
“Ah.”
“Kiss me,” Tony mouths, wanting that last bit of sweetness.
“Come on,” Tony urges, dragging him away.
His face charges, sharpens, hardens, when he sees that it’s Tony waiting at the door.
But then, Steve pushes inside him, his hips snapping forward, and Tony cries out, all thoughts of the difference between this Steve and this morning’s Steve flying straight out of his head – frankly, both Steves fuck exactly the same, and if their characters are the same, if their lovemaking is the same, Tony doesn’t see a problem with either version.
“Shut up,” Tony says, haughtily. “Are you going to let me tell my story or what?”
“Very proud of you,” Steve agrees, vehemently, kissing the kids, swiftly, a sheen of tears in his eyes. “So very proud of you. I love you both so much, and you were so
, Tony thinks, eyes peeled on the gun.
“Maybe he was just worried about you, because you weren’t home which is where he was expecting you to be. Maybe he thought something bad had happened to you,” Wanda offers.
“At what cost?” Tony says, his voice pleading.
“It is currently 2:45PM.”
Steve’s face falls, cracks wide open in hurt.
“You’re right,” Tony tells him.
Tony makes his way down the street until he’s at the same dead-end in front of the old preschool.
Tony hums in contentment, threading his hands through Steve’s hair. “Nice, very nice. But
It’s past midnight, with Tony watching an episode of Tiny Pretty Things on his laptop. He yawns, and then, shakes himself violently. He sits up straighter, forcing himself to concentrate on the show.
“Loki’s lying,” Steve says, stubbornly.
“I thought you had that meetin’,” he gasps.
“Yeah?”
“No, it’s just…” Tony closes his eyes. “I feel a little self-conscious, I suppose.”
James and Steve exchange a look.
James taunts him a bit, sinks in an inch, just to drive Tony into a frenzy, grind himself down, then, he pulls back, but then he gets it nicely, as Steve digs his thumbs into the divots at the base of his spine, as he rolls his hips forward.
His fingers are flying over his phones, miles and miles of code running across the screen, a language that only he can understand fluently, as if it were his mother tongue, and then, suddenly, his headset is beeping in succession.
“Tony,” Steve says, his voice agonised.
“Let me go, Steve,” he tells him, firmly.
problem.”
“Fuck, look at you,” Steve rasps, his eyes locked on his hole swallowing up the fake cock. “You’re taking it like a champ.”
Coulson purses his lips, staring at Tony, and then, Steve, and then, finally, sighs, “Make it fast.”
“Hey, hey,” Tony says, quickly, sending both of them a stern look. “No name calling, remember? We talked about this. You remember what I said?”
Steve kisses his forehead, his eyes, his cheeks, his nose, his jaw, before finally taking his sweat-shiny mouth with his own, with bruising force until Tony is whining low in his throat, clenching around Steve desperately.
This time, Steve flinches.
“Just keep your eyes open and get ready to run. No matter what happens to me,” Steve insists.
“It’s just the morning traffic, sir,” the crossing guard replies.
“I hated Howard,” Steve says, his voice so full of poison, of venom. “I hated him so fucking much.”
, but that would only scare him away. He smiles and moans, when Steve moves lower, biting at his hipbones, before running his tongue over the dip in his pelvic bone.
He looks nervously towards the rest of the class. All are dumbly spellbound by Thor’s low, deep voice.
Thor takes a deep, steadying breath. “I fear matters of
“Mush,” Tony says, sternly. “You’re being rude. Natasha did us a very nice thing by bringing us dinner. What do we say to people who do nice things for us?”
“Getting a little hard over there, Steve,” Tony teases.
“She came up to our table. He got up like he was about to fall all over himself, and they hugged-”
, but it doesn’t form on his tongue.
Tony shakes his head at the thought.
“It’s here?” Steve asks, angrily. “You lied to me?”
His sire is standing on the stage, surrounded by beautiful omegas in various states of undress, flirting them in a way that his bearer would most definitely not like at all.
“I’m doing alright, Mrs. Stark. How are you?” Steve asks, politely.
“You’re in love with him, Bucky,” Steve says, after a long, breathless moment.
Tony nods, dazed, something hazy creeping into the edges of his vision. “That was pretty fucking amazing,” he murmurs. “I didn’t even think I could come like that. Hell, I didn’t even think that I was hard.”
“Ofttimes Ser James frightens me as well, my dear brother. He is meant to be fearsome,” Grant tells him, conspiratorially.
He smiles.
Bhim drags his hand over his face. “I am concerned about this.”
Phillips growls under his breath. “What makes you think I give a damn about your opinions?”
. Tony almost smiles.
“Excuse me?”
Maushmi and Peter giggle again.
“I did,” Steve replies, easily. “I finished early, so I thought I’d pick them up. But you weren’t at home. Where were you?”
“Or we could talk to their parents, something which won’t get us put in prison,” Tony points out.
Tony backs away, slowly, one step, then, two steps, and then, three, and then, he’s running, his bare feet smacking against the metal in a way that should leave bruises, if he wasn’t so certain that this was a dream.
Tony lifts his head from his tablet. “What?” he snaps.
He pulls it out and cracks it open.
Wanda nods. “You’re my friend, Tony. I want you in my life, and I’m glad you trusted me enough to talk to me about this, about what’s been going on.”
Steve is poised, his body wired tight.
“Tony, you’re freaking me out here-”
Tony looks at him. “The kids,” he whispers.
It’s what he does best.
apology. So, I just… I need you to know that I’m sorry, not only because you got hurt by my actions, but that I did that to you in the first place, that I kept that secret from you. I was… I wanted to think that I was protecting you from something that would ruin your life, but the only person I was really trying to protect was myself.”
The twins rush off down the driveway, playing hopscotch by themselves.
Steve stares at him for a moment, a bleak, hard look in his eyes, and then, he kisses him, full on the mouth, tender, his hand clutching at Tony’s shoulder. He pulls away and presses his cheek to the flat of the arc reactor, without hesitation, with immaculate confidence. Tony settles back against the sofa, wrapping his arms around Steve, his chin propped on the crown of his head – he tightens his arms when his shirt grows damp with tears.
“I’ve met the kids,” he reminds him.
“He inserted himself between me and the frat boy; he was this huge wall of muscle in a thin white shirt that didn’t leave much to the imagination, and he said in this low, grim voice, ‘Is this guy bothering you, sir?’”
“Tony.”
, you and Steve, you’re both my home. That’s it. That’s all I need to know,” James says, full of resolve.
He fakes a lunge with the poker, and the soldiers, whom he thought would’ve created a fuss, back down. Slowly but surely, all of the patrons rise to their feet, grumbling, make their way out the door.
“But the plastic one isn’t enough, is it?” Steve demands. “You need mine, don’t you?”
“Oh, well, you know me, if I have some trashy magazines at my disposal, I’m all ears.” Tony pauses. “Why are you here, Cap?”
James groans, as the head of Steve’s cock pushes at his rim, and his hands fall onto the mattress, as Tony crawls forward, taking his mouth with his, hand sliding into his hair. He pours lube onto James’ fingers and shoves them between his legs, running his tongue over his lower lip as James fingers him, stretching open his body for his cock.
“I wonder if there’s a tape player somewhere. We should play a little before we burn–” Steve looks at him even though Tony’s not looking anywhere near him, is focused solely on the glossy pictures in his hands, “Tony?”
“Genius, that one is,” Tony says, sarcastically.
“I think that sounds like a good idea,” Wanda says, gently.
God, what is this world that he’s now found himself in?
“You remember that?” Steve asks, quietly.
“Krishna then returned to Dwārakā with the Syamantaka gem and his new bride. Krishna returned the gem to its rightful owner, Satrajit, who by then was ashamed of accusing Krishna. In order to make up for his accusations and show his goodwill towards Krishna, Satrajit offered his daughter Satyabhama to Krishna.”
“Steve,” he gasps.
Tony sighs and lifts his chin, almost defiantly. “Because he told me.”
“Just tailing you?”
“Keep the bitch still.”
“I’m glad,” Wanda sighs. “That was what I was worried about.”
“The best,” Tony says, shuddering. “Fuck, it feels so fucking good.”
. He opens it, and what’s inside turns his stomach, sets his face in a pale, curdled milk colour, like the heat had faded from his skin.
“Nice to have a fire,” Rhodey mutters.
it up a bit,” he begs.
Something relaxes in Tony’s frame, and he smiles, wide and unbidden.
Steve shrugs. “Sam can do it. He has that Internet thing too, because he said, and I quote,
feel about me, but not necessarily how the world does,” Tony says, coldly. “I’m Indian, which means that comes with a whole host of body image issues especially when the standard of beauty around the world are white people.”
Clearly, Tony should not be putting much faith on the power of love that he bears for other people, because it certainly isn’t getting him anywhere.
knowing it?”
James scrunches up his face. “Are you going to introduce me as your boyfriend?”
Tony stares at him for a moment, finds his phone in his pocket and pulls it out, dialling
“Tony,” Steve takes his hands in his, and Tony shudders a little on the inside, “Tony, just tell me the truth. Tell me what really happened here. I,” he closes his eyes, “I will sound awful for saying this, but I know my brother, I know what he is like. If you tell me what happened here, I will protect you. I swear it, I swear it on my honour, which may not mean much to you right now because I have failed to protect you so far, but I
That night in bed, Tony lays awake, putting the pieces of a puzzle together, the necklace, Natasha Romanoff calling at all hours during the day, the way she touched Steve like it’s a normal, frequent gesture, the seemingly kind offer for help with his marriage like she knows things a normal person shouldn’t know about a colleague’s marriage.
Steve stares at him, awestruck and stunned, and he grins at him. “Mr. Stark.”
Something clenches deep in his chest.
Grant’s expression changes, then, and Tony tastes the danger in the air before he senses it.
“No,” Tony says, fiercely. “You absolutely did not do anything wrong. They were mean, evil men, and none of this was your fault. If we…”
Tony fits his nose against Steve’s throat, inhaling his scent.
It wouldn’t be the first time, and Tony doubts it will be the last.
“Wow, you’re funny; you should quit your job to become a comedian.”
Steve clears his throat. “That’s something, something that you enjoy?”
Tony’s eyes snap to him. “What?” he says, breathlessly.
Tony nods. “Bucky Barnes was Steve’s best from Brooklyn. They grew up together. I’m…” he hesitates, “I’m pretty sure they were in love with each other too, at some stage,” he says, quietly, “but… Bucky joined the army right out of high school, and he disappeared in Afghanistan on his first tour. They never found his body.”
Tony clears his throat. “Well, actually, it’s quite a story-”
“You take this, you hold this, and you know that you’re safe, safe with
“Are you and Daddy getting a divorce?” Maushmi repeats, her voice stronger this time around.
Steve moves rapidly, and his hand closes around Tony’s arm, tight to the point of bruising. Tony tries to wrench his hand away, but Steve doesn’t give him an inch.
“Hi,” Steve replies, with a small, earnest spread of his lips upwards.
“I mean, I’ve seen these kind of devices before,” Tony says, “and I mean, the easiest possible solution would be to disable them, but I also know that you’re kind of a dick and you like screwing with people, so you won’t do that, as you’ve already earlier alluded to. But I suppose I could reverse the feed.”
“Steve!” he exclaims, throwing his arms and legs around Steve’s waist. “Steve, what are you
Tony shoves the hat into Steve’s belly. “Seen this before?”
Maybe he’d dreamed it, maybe he’d overreacted, maybe this is just how alphas reacted when the virginity of an omega didn’t need to be protected (after all, no one but Steve and him know that their bonding has not been consummated; to the rest of the world, Steve has made him his omega in all the ways possible, and perhaps, this is how alphas acts with omegas who don’t need to be virgins).
“Did I what?” Steve asks, innocently.
like cinnamon rolls. I like cinnamon.”
Tony’s shoulders deflate. “No, he didn’t. But maybe, maybe it’s something that you actually have to live in Timely for, you know? Like maybe they escaped it because they moved away.”
Peter nods, solemnly. “And he was singing the bad song.”
Tony and Steve are endgame, and Tony isn’t willing to believe that is untrue all of a sudden.
Steve frowns. “Is something wrong?”
There’s something awfully titillating about it, living in sin with an alpha like Captain America, after all.
When he wakes up, James is wrapped around him, and the sky outside is heading towards dark.
out all day usually?”
“You got something to say, now’s the time to keep it to yourself.”
“Well, baby, if I have to wear this dress, I’m afraid you’re going to have to wear this suit. You look very handsome in it, you know?”
James drags a hand over his face, brittle and fierce. “Because you’re all I have in this world,” he tells him.
“Good evening,
“Natasha isn’t that sort of person,” Steve insists.
“You knew who I was that day in the park. I know you met the Winter Soldier before that. I’ve pulled CCTV footage from back then. I know you were together back then. I know he used to fuck you back then too. Has this just been some long fucking game, then? Did he peg me and point you in my direction? God, have you just been letting this asshole
He presses the back of his hand against Tony’s forehead, his mouth turning down at the corners.
?” Steve prods.
Steve flinches at the reminder.
Steve kisses him again, and Tony moans, hand curling in the lapel of his coat. “You’re gonna have to tell me where to go,” he rasps.
“You are too young,” Lord Steven insists.
“How does this look?” she asks aloud.
“Then, you have to allow him the dignity of his choice in this relationship, even if it hurts him, even if he leaves. It’s up to Tony to decide whether he’s hurt or angry or forgiving or still madly in love or none of those things and work through it and move on from that. You
Steve frowns. “What do you mean? How did she take care of it?”
Steve wraps his hand around his cock, fisting himself. His free hand comes to grasp Tony’s hip, fingers finding the groove in Tony’s pelvic bone, squeezing. He leans over him, and Tony shies away from biting down on Steve’s shoulder, the way he might have this morning, just in case he breaks a bone with his teeth.
“We will have to dispose of the body.”
Tony just bows his head and pretends like he doesn’t want to scream and completely trash the place.
“Alright, thank you for that.” Eshe looks at Steve. “Well, Steve, it looks like you were right.”
!” James shouts, rearing to his feet so that he can loom over him. “You do, because you think this is a game. You think HYDRA is good, or they have mercy, or they have an ounce of kindness, but they don’t. They wouldn’t have even
There’s a little girl who’s desperately waiting for these who hasn’t walked in two years, and he can’t wait to see her face light up, when he makes it to the hospital.
“I can do this!” Steve promises, his voice thin and taut.
me, James.”
Tony cringes on the inside.
“–and the last was outside of Strasbourg, say thirty, forty miles west of the Maginot line.” He looks up. “I only go a quick look,” he says, apologetically.
“I’m sorry. I fucked up,” Steve’s voice is thick, pained, “back in Siberia, I fucked up.” He shakes his head and fists his hands in his hair. “No, no, that’s wrong. That’s wrong. I fucked up long before that. I fucked up two years before that when I found out that HYDRA had your parents killed. I should have told you immediately. I didn’t… I didn’t know
Tony gapes at him in disbelief. His heart is fluttering in his ears, and the dark slash of his brow is drawn together.
Steve shakes his head, his jaw clenched visibly. “I thought you were being hurt, and then… you came out, and you looked happy, and I… I almost broke the car door. That’s how fucking pissed I was. I thought he was hurting you, I thought he was
“Tell me you brought your car,” he begs.
. That’s all I did. That’s all I wanted to do. I just wanted to help you, to make you feel a bit better about what had happened to you, to save everyone in Boston and let them keep their dysfunctional, simplistic lives without realising what was happening around them. I just wanted to help you, and you were happy enough to let me help, and you fell in love with me. You
“No,” Tony calls out. “I will speak with him.”
“Do I need to give you a fucking manifesto? I just want you to kiss me,” Tony snaps.
He sways the edge of the poker back and forth so that Tony’s eyes track it.
“Can I ask you a question?” Steve asks after a moment of silence.
“Don’t call him that,” he says, coldly. “His name is James.”
Peter looks at him with those dark, analysing eyes. Both of their children look like Tony, with their dark hair and their dark skin and their dark eyes, but sometimes, when he’s sleeping, Peter smiles and it’s like Tony is seeing Steve right in front of him. But other than that, the children look like him. In behaviour, though, Peter is Tony’s son, and Maushmi is Steve’s daughter. Peter carries himself in a way that is beyond his years, more sensitive, more cautious, very aware, even if Tony has tried very hard to shield both of them from this, that there are people in this world that would hurt them if they got the chance.
“Nice try, Rogers,” Tony cackles and makes his way into the kitchen so that he can fill up a vase and place the bouquet inside. “So, where are we going for dinner?”
Finally, he rushes towards the front doors, which slide away as he approaches. There’s dull music playing on the speaker system, and the light is bright, sterile, burning at his eyes. Tony starts down one aisle, looking for Steve.
The Nazis wait impatiently, eyeing the chest with some discomfort.
Tony’s throat flexes, a pit opening in his belly.
“Just sit down!”
“I actually really like that fantasy,” he mutters against Tony’s mouth.
Tony grunts softly with each thrust, and he’s pinned down by the weight of their bodies.
“Looks like they’ve been through hell,” Steve comments.
“Now, he’s obedient.”
Obadiah raises his other hand, the knives glinting, and Tony closes his eyes shut, clenching them, waiting for the sharp spike of pain, but then, the weight on top of him, the heavy, demanding pressure of the palm around his throat all disappears, and when he opens his eyes, his throat on fire, Steve is there, he’s alive, and he’s struggling with Obadiah.
Steve nods.
“Nothing…” he licks his lips. “I mean, nothing’s happened. We’re just… we’re just going through a rough patch, that’s all. It’s not…” he closes his eyes. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I know you said that you weren’t interested in hearing-”
“No.”
“You and Bucky–”
Tony laughs, harsh and grating. “Yeah, neither did I.”
Tony watches as the familiar-looking Nazi spins and heads back toward the main camp, which is hidden from view by a rise.
Rumlow steps away from the hole and the unseen Nazis slam the heavy stone door into place.
“So, what, you went over to his place to cook him a nice dinner, is that it?” Steve taunts.
, and he got what was coming to him, and I don’t regret it.”
Tony folds his arms over his chest. “You came to my home,” he says, barely containing the urge to rage. “My children were there, you miserable bastard.”
He’d spent the whole morning, drawing up sketches for tactical armour and blending materials together before he’d desperately wanted to rake his nails across his bare arm until he bled, so he’d abandoned the project and found something else to do.
Tony narrows his eyes. “Your word, huh?”
“Can I be honest with you?” Tony asks, with a certain bone-deep weariness.
of honour,” Rhodey stresses. “That doesn’t mean that I am suddenly an expert on what your clothing should be.”
“You’ll understand when you’re older,” Tony sighs and ruffles his head.
“Tony, please, can you answer the question?”
“You know what I mean,” Bucky moaned.
“Okay, okay, I can, I can
He manages to climb over it, the Nazi right on his heels. Tony hides in an alleyway, grabbing a stray steel pot. Tony slips behind the Nazi and smashes him over the head with it, putting him onto the ground, unconscious.
,” James says, his voice dragging out like a moan.
“And you never met him?”
Tony sighs and reaches out, dragging the flat of his palm down Steve’s cheek. “You’re the best I’ve ever had.”
Tony’s eyes drift over the length of her, this woman who is his nightmare in a voluptuous, red-haired body. “You didn’t come here to give me gossip about someone that I didn’t even know,” he says, finally.
Tony considers lying to him, but then, his courage fails him, and he shakes his head. “No, no, it isn’t.”
He waits, watches, until Obadiah’s gurgles, short, stunted wails stop, and he waits some more.
“Tony, the wine I used to buy when I was a teenager and because I was trying really fucking hard to get arrested came in really dark bottles and brown paper bags from the bottle shop after I paid off some homeless guy to buy it for us. Believe me, I wouldn’t know good wine if it bit me on the ass. I leave that to you. I’ll just be glad for the buzz. Now, do we want to get an appetizer?” he murmurs, thoughtfully.
“Nat! Nat! Look out!” he shouts at the top of his lungs.
Tony recovers quickly, glancing at Steve over James’ shoulder. “How does it feel?”
Steve frowns. “I thought you said that Agent Carter took care of them?”
Steve is looking at him, eyes widened in obscene awe.
Tony takes a deep breath and starts waving his torch at the nearest edge of the circle of safety that they’ve found themselves in, as Steve continues his slow turn.
“Jesus Christ.”
Steve looks like he’s still searching for something. “I don’t know. I’m making this up as I go.”
“Maybe what this war needs is a little guy.”
Toni scowls up at him. “Don’t you dare stop,” she warns, her voice brooking no argument.
“All we wanted to do after that is have you grow up normal, put this behind you, Tony,” she says, earnestly.
“What happened to him? To Stane?”
, I love you. I loved you when I was a boy, and I’m not… I’m not the kind of person that falls out of love with people, even after they hurt me, and you fucking
“All I’m saying is that Stevie and me, we don’t want to do anything without you. If something happens between us right now, and believe me, I’d really like for something to happen between us, but it has to happen between all of us, or it doesn’t happen at all,” James says, finally. “You’re just as important to this relationship as we are, and there’s no fucking way that you’re sitting on the sidelines during this.”
“We’re going to the Planetarium,” Peter tells Steve, matter-of-factly.
“I’m yours, I’m
Tony nods, rubs the heels of his hands over his eyes. “Yeah, um, a couple of weeks ago, James showed up at my face, just before I was going to drop the kids off at school. I hadn’t seen him in…
Tony sits on the bed beside him; somehow, he wants to feel close to him, to be so near that they can touch.
“SHIELD.”
okay.”
Steve hesitates. “Does that mean that we’re, uh, we’re going to try and work through our problems?” he asks, hope shining through his voice.
Jamie looks down at his lap. “Thank you, thank you for all your help.”
“It’s still a dumb reason,” Tony says, sniffing haughtily.
“You really thought I was having an affair?” Steve asks, quietly.
“I know I left before, and I know that you don’t trust me because I left before, and all I can say is that I’m sorry, that I love you, that I hated myself for leaving you like that, warm and satisfied in my bed, and you were smiling when you crawled out,” James says, roughly. “I did that to you. I made you think that you weren’t good enough, that you’d done something wrong, and I’m so fucking sorry, because that’s not true, that’s not true at
Steve rubs the back of his neck. Yeah, I, uh, had to improvise a bit. The crowds I’m used to are usually more... twelve.”
Steve licks his lips, eyes flitting from side to side. “It was… it was complicated. They didn’t want me to tell-”
“Satrajit became a really wealthy man. Krishna, you know who Krishna is?” Steve nods.
“Maybe you should make me, dude,” the frat boy shot back, with a slurred, happy laugh like he thought he’d gotten one-up over Steve.
“So, tell me, Tony, have any severe childhood illnesses? Scarlet fever? High temperatures? Concussions?” Dr. Banner goes onto ask.
If it had been someone else, someone who isn’t James, Steve wouldn’t have hesitated to rip him away, but it’s James, and so, he doesn’t mind; in fact, he likes it, he likes watching Tony suck off James. It hurts him on.
. And I’d come every single time,” James admits.
“Okay, yeah, I stand by what I just said. I think you should take a step back. We’ll end this as soon as possible, and then, I suppose, we’ll, uh, head back to the tower,” Tony offers.
<<<INSERT LINE HERE>>>
Steve purses his lips. “Forty-two. Okay, uh, why don’t we go to a pharmacy or something, get some No-Zoz, uppers, something.”
Tony’s head falls onto Steve’s shoulder, and Steve’s fingers are filling him perfectly. He nuzzles at Tony’s throat, humming, rubbing at spots in Tony’s body that make him burst with pleasure. Tony growls and pushes Steve’s hand away.
Steve knocks on his door.
Tony turns back to Steve, grinning at him, and the moment is perfect, until there’s an explosion up in the booth, shooting fire and glass into the rest of the laboratory. There’s a man with a pistol, scurrying down the stairs, heading straight for the serum. Abraham decides to intercept him, fear on his face, but he’s shot down by the man.
“Why are you here?”
doing there? What the hell were those girls doing over? Where was Jarvis and Ana? If someone doesn’t answer my questions in the next five fucking minutes–”
Steve’s face cracks open in an instant, showing his vulnerability, the horror underneath.
“–and maybe,” Steve hesitates, shifts, like he’s about to say something that he knows that Tony won’t like, “maybe you were dreaming about this guy because Pepper was dreaming about him; maybe you felt guilty, because Pepper stayed over because you were scared–”
“Pleasure,” Nat replies, through the dip of her eyelashes.
. The rest were killed or captured.”
“Natasha’s not a delinquent,” Steve snaps and falls silent when Howard’s dark gaze turns on him.
Tony turns to Abraham, a laugh in his voice. “You did it, Abraham. You really did it.”
Tony’s relief is instantaneous. “Thank you, thank you.”
“There is a girl–”
“She told me that she hadn’t rung you, that there was no mathematical error with any of the orders as far as she knew, that you hadn’t logged into any of the computers at Stark Industries. She told me that she had no idea where you were,” Steve finishes, his words like a terrible, death knell for him.
Tony just stares at him. “So, we can have sex,” he says, slowly.
“I’d say that you look like one, but I feel like you’d hit me for it.”
“So, you really think there’s more people?” Tony asks, softly.
“I was trying to fix things on my own. I was trying to fix our
,” he curses, tapping his fist against his forehead. “I have to go, but look, uh, I’ll see if I can come home maybe around lunchtime? Give you a break with the kids?”
“I mean, it’s our
“I know the kinds of people that you used to fuck before I came along,” Steve drawls, “and I know that I look
be by your side. I will always defend you, and I think, because you have proven yourself already, you will always defend
Tony nods. “Yeah, okay.”
Toni, wisely, does not point out the obvious in an attempt to start their marriage on the right foot.
“Your father gave me an ultimatum,” Steve says, solemnly, his voice strained at the edges. “He told me I had two choices: either I could leave you alone, never speak to you again, never touch you again, and lose all of his support, be blacklisted in the industry long before my career had ever begun, or I could choose you.”
It all happens so quickly that Tony doesn’t even know what’s happening; it also doesn’t help that he’s fifty feet in the air, fighting against murderous, giant rabbits with lasers for eyes (honestly, for someone who hates humans like nothing else, where does he come up with shit, because there’s no fucking way that he could come up with this kind of creativity on his own, and Tony doubts that other alien civilisations are capable of the shit that humans are capable of).
James nods.
Tony nods, a fierce expression taking over his face. “They’re dead.”
“The necklace?”
“I know, baby. I know.” Tony’s hand comes to cover his head. He sets him down on the bed. “But you know it was just a bad dream, right? It’s not real. None of it is real.”
“Sir?” JARVIS asks, uncertainly.
Tony grins, fully, now, and he runs his hand through his hair, before running it over his throat. “I’m glad. And I suppose you know that I find you attractive.”
“I know I shouldn’t be making this about myself, not when this is clearly so traumatic for the two of you, but I can’t help but think that,” Tony breaks off, lamely, looking away.
“Well, I figured if I don’t know the cosine role now, I’ll never know it,” Steve retorts. “Are Jarvis and Ana home?”
The air turns thick and damp, and then, and Tony, sitting in a little fishing boat with Steve, rowing out into the dark sea, feels the rain run onto his face when he tips his head back.
Thanos stares at the empty gauntlet on his hand, and then, realisation dawns.
Rage burns hot and fast through him.
The dip in Sam’s brow furrows further. “Why do I know that name-” he pauses, and Tony waits as realisation sets in. “Wait, fuck, that was…” the words look like they dry up in his mouth, “Steve, he had a friend, his best friend, from Brooklyn, right? That was… that guy was-”
He remembers nights of this, when Steve was still at university, studying and being mentored under Tony’s father, with a few blankets wrapped around them, and the hot, slick slide of their skin, the movement of their bodies together, and the feeling of wholeness when Steve was inside them.
“He was one of them, yeah. He asked me to help me deal with them, and I agreed, because I… James told me bits and pieces, not everything, but enough to make me sick to my stomach, and I hated the idea of anyone still thinking that he was with HYDRA, especially with everything they did to him,” Tony says, venom leaking into his voice. He shakes his head. “That day, though, the day that I visited James at his apartment for the first time, because of how long my conversation with James took so long, I was late to pick up the kids from school. When I made it there, Steve had gotten there first and picked up the kids. He was… upset, upset that I hadn’t picked them up, hadn’t been there at home when he brought the kids, and because they didn’t know where I was.” Tony looks away. “That’s where the problems really hit their tipping point, I think,” he muses. “And then, a couple of days later, James showed up at house. He was bleeding, bleeding heavily. He’d gotten into a fight with some HYDRA goons, and I patched him up. He left his bracelet on the sink, and Steve found it.”
For some time, there was a resurgence of sex in their marriage.
“Abraham Erskine?” he asks one of the nurses, who points to one of the rooms.
He pulls it from his ear, just before he hears a soft, scarred, feminine voice, and he puts it carefully in James’ ear.
feels like the cheating bastard, reminiscing about the hot night of fucking between him and someone who is
“You mean your
“Not at all,” Steve says, adamantly.
“Hey,” Tony says, a little hurt, “sex isn’t everything–”
Tony looks at him, remembers the man that he’d fallen in love with, still loves even with the lies, how certain, how firm he’d been when he told Tony that he wasn’t seeing someone else, how sorry was, how easily he’d cried in front of Tony when he’d seen the damage that he’d indirectly created.
Tony flees into his chambers and closes the door, resting his forehead against it, breathing slow and deep.
He turns on his side, and Steve hums, eyes still shut, dragging him in closer. Steve buries his face in Tony’s shoulder, a puff of air exhaling against his skin.
The night before the procedure, Tony sneaks into the soldier barracks, where only Steve is sleeping, now that all of the other recruits have been sent away to other training camps.
“I mean,” Steve purses his lips, “I mean, that’s just… that’s just something physical.”
“Tony,” Steve says and winds his hand through Tony’s hair. “Tony, we’re not going anywhere.”
“Stop playing the victim, Tony; we both know it doesn’t suit you. Why didn’t you tell me any of this? Why didn’t you confront me to my face, tell me that I was being a dick and ignoring you and making you feel bad about yourself?” Steve asks, desperately and half-wild. “You’re not shy, Tony. You’ve never been shy, at least not with me. We fight just as hard as we love each other; why wouldn’t you just throw it in my face that I was being a shit husband, a shit father? I would’ve
“I don’t know why I can’t believe you, Tony. Maybe it’s because of all the times that you’ve lied to my face,” Steve says, furiously.
“And I’m ridiculously attracted to you, by the way, old and hairy and pudgy around the belly,” Steve tells him, firmly. “I’m not going to say that you’re broken on the inside and the outside, because I don’t agree with that, and I’m not going to encourage that line of thinking.”
“Because you’ve had suspicions about James and me for a few weeks, whereas I have been convinced that you’ve been sleeping with Natasha for
Steve straightens, like it’s the most important battle that he’ll ever go charging into. “I do.”
“I’ll stay with you,” Tony finds himself saying before he can think too deeply. “I’m not going anywhere.”
The man he loves is dead.
right.”
His eyes flit to the side, and it takes him a moment, but a moment that everyone registers and deems to be deficient, but he eventually bows, as is the custom, his hand lifting Tony’s hand to his mouth to press a dry kiss to his knuckles.
Wanda’s confusion deepens across her face. “I don’t understand.”
Instead, he offers up a smile, wider enough that his cheeks hurt, his jaw aches, his skull splits.
Wanda answers the door, and a flicker cracks in her expression, setting Tony’s teeth on edge (God knows what kind of stories Steve had told Wanda about him).
“I’m not breakable, Tony!”
“Don’t worry about it. I know what I’m doing.”
He doesn’t even have time to process what’s about to happen to him before they are wrapping their hands in his hair, pushing his head down with a firm palm to the nape of his neck, and his head is going into the water.
He laughs, cold and sharp.
“I thought he was,” Steve replies, seriously.
Pepper purses her lips. “He scraped his fingernails along things.” She cuts herself short. “Actually, they were more like finger-knives or something, like he'd made them himself?” She shakes her head, visibly discomfited. “Anyway, they made this horrible noise–”
Tony purses his lips. “Clearly, I should not have.”
In front of it, Rumlow’s body lies, unrecognizable and black, bits and pieces of him in ash.
“Out,” he says, his voice low with warning. “Everybody out!”
“Why was
He screams at the same time that Obadiah’s knives pierce through the glass, shards flying, through the back of Howard’s head and out through his eyes, blood spraying and gushing everywhere, before Obadiah’s other arm reaches out, grabs Howard’s limp corpse and drags him back into the mirror.
Steve looks at him, like a deer caught in headlights. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he says, sniffing haughtily.
“None of that is… that’s not true, none of it is,” Steve protests. “Fucking hell, Tony, I am not sleeping with Natasha or anyone else
Tony’s eyes snap open. “Yes, of course.”
Tony flinches, and Steve’s muscles bunch tight under his skin, his hand turning to steel around Tony’s.
Tony lifts his head, triumphantly, and Steve looks at James, hurt.
Everyone leaves the field, one by one.
Bucky shrugged. “Well, we’ve been together for a year; we’ve been in love since we were teenagers.”
“It’s the truth,” Steve says, stubbornly. “Can you tell me any differently?”
Tony runs his thumb over his lower lip, sucking into his mouth, watching as James is breathless, chest heaving up and down, and Steve thankfully hands him a damp tissue so that he can clean the come from his face before it starts to harden and crust over on his face.
Tony nods.
First, they go to a doctor. Most of Steve’s ailments can now be handled with medication. They get an inhaler for his asthma, all the vaccines that Steve didn’t have previously, blood pressure medication, beta blockers, anticoagulants, pre-diabetic medication. He has to have a couple of procedure, which the doctors recommend to correct issues that can now be fixed instead of taking medication for the rest of his life, like a catheter ablation and a bioprosthetic artificial heart valve that Tony and Bruce make for him.
James clears his throat and kneels in front of Peter. “I was gone,” he explains, without taking his eyes off Peter, looking him square in the face. “I was in accident, and your dad thought I was gone, but actually some bad people had me.”
“I thought you wanted a rescue mission.”
He’s the third in Peter and Maushmi’s teacher’s line-up for the night, and the two that go before him are couples, hand in hand, that make him cringe a little on the inside.
She’s beautiful, the most beautiful woman that he’s ever known or will ever know.
why we can’t be friends, James? We could never be friends; friends does not encapsulate what you mean to me, what you will always mean to me, even if I walk out of the door and never see you again.”
Toni’s brow knits together. “I don’t think I’m unhappy because I think you’re going away from here to cheat on me with someone else. I think I’m unhappy because I’ve been waiting for this day for a while, and I don’t want it to be… you know, put off or reduced in any way, but if this girl is in danger, well, that’s more important, okay? You should go.
Steve huffs out a laugh and ducks his head. “You know, you’re good. You’re very charmin’; you’re clearly very observant. You know people, you think you know what makes them tick, and you use that against them. You thought that you could make me feel insecure, that Toni doesn’t really love me, and I’d walk away. That I’d let you go, and we’d commiserate about
“That we’d be there that night, celebrating my birthday?”
Steve shakes his head. “I’m still getting this wrong. What I meant to say is that I find you attractive-”
“It’s not that easy, okay,” Tony hisses out between his teeth, the flush staining the back of his neck. “It’s not.”
“Yeah, I think you’re a little late for that,” he drawls.
“Yeah, I can.”
Tony lifts an eyebrow, offence building up in his chest, all volcanic and messy.
and not on me.”
Sam takes a deep, steadying breath. “Yeah. Yeah, I knew,” he says, after a moment, briefly closing his eyes.
Bhim sighs. “I have not been completely honest with you, Tony.”
“Why?” Steve begs. “Why don’t you believe me? Tony, for fuck’s sake, you asked me to believe you when it comes to you and Bucky; why don’t you believe me on this?”
“Hasn’t done anything wrong?” Steve asks, disgusted, sliding to his feet. “Are you fucking kidding me? He killed my
“Tony,” Steve cuts him off, “I love you.”
, he stresses, and tells her that Natasha and him are often paired up on a mission. He tells Eshe about the necklace incident, how he took Natasha with him to the jewellery store because he knows shit-all about gold and wanted someone else’s opinion before he bought Tony the wrong necklace. His eyes and his voice are heavy when he tells Eshe that Natasha likes to play games, that she knew that Tony and he would be at that restaurant that same night and deliberately came that night, not to cause problems, but to finally meet Tony, because he and Natasha were friends and she wanted to know what he was hiding, these parts of his life that he never allowed to touch. He tells her that all of those secret phone calls were about missions, that he’s never touched Natasha except for a fake kiss on an op that happened long before he and Tony got together, that he doesn’t love her as anything more than a friend, that, yes, he did have conversations about his marriage with her, because frankly, he didn’t have anyone else to talk to, and he’s a coward.
She holds up two plastic bags full of take-out boxes.
“That was Wanda,” he says, in a low, rushed voice.
“You remember what happens when Rose decides to stop her father from dying?”
“I caught you.”
“They made it to practice?”
“I’m not settling for three thousand,” Tony warns.
“Nothing much,” Pepper hums. “He was lowborn, originally; he came from nothing, when he saved the King from being killed by bandits. He was raised to a knight by the King, and then, once the rebellion was over, the King ousted loyalist lords and placed him as the lord of the Brooklyn Lands.”
He runs his hands through his hair, fisting in the strands, and ducking out from underneath his arm. He rounds on him in a quick beat.
“Don’t do that,” he warns. “Don’t make me want.”
Steve smacks his ass. “Are you complaining?”
Steve grimaces. “You think I don’t know what my brother is like,” he laughs, harsh and grating. “I know what my brother was, Tony. Do you remember, before I left, I told you that only evil men lay with children? And that I kill those men.”
That night, Steve is home by five.
the person underneath.
The blades are inches away from Tony’s face, and the man drools onto his face, making Tony screw up his expression in distaste. But just when the points of steel are less than an inch from his eyes, the old-fashioned alarm clock thrown to the floor next to Tony’s head goes off with a jarring sound.
One Saturday, all three of them sit the twins down in the lounge.
Steve looks at him, and his skin looks more taut than usual. “I was going to marry you.”
Tony reaches over and plucks the knife out of the wood.
Tony kneels over his pelvic bone, keeping his eyes fixed on Steve at the foot of the bed, and angles his mouth around James’ cock.
“You too. Thank you for inviting us into your home,” Steve says, faultlessly polite.
“I am sorry, Sam,” Tony says, softly.
“I think that’s the
“No, I don’t,” Steve says, his voice rough. “I don’t at all. I just wish… I just wish you’d
Wanda shrugs. “My point of view is that, in nine times out of ten, things can be fixed by just having an honest conversation. And if yours is the tenth, well, at the very least, you’ve said what you needed to say, you’ve gotten it off your chest, and now, the ball’s in the other person’s court to make a move.”
Steve clears his throat and pads forward, his knees bumping against the edge of the bed. He’s wearing new pyjamas, Tony observes, a thin short-sleeved shirt and lounge pants – clearly Natasha’s doing, if Tony knows anything.
“What time is it, JARVIS?”
“And the other things?” Tony says, stiffly. “I do not know what impression I have given you, Grant, but I have no interest in taking you upon what you are offering. I am a bonded omega, and my body belongs to my alpha,
Tony is left gaping at him in disbelief.
“Alas,” Loki offers him a mock-innocent smile, tilting up his palms in a show of surrender, “I do not believe it possible.”
By the time the four of them return home, the twins are practically asleep, and Tony and Steve have to carry them back into the house and put them to bed. Tony’s still vibrating though, not quite completely exhausted, what with the coffee and junk food he’s imbibed all day, and when he and Steve approach the bedroom, he’s hoping for a little more adult birthday fun.
Tony grips his shoulders. “I can take care of myself,” he soothes. “And Steve isn’t a monster. He wouldn’t… he wouldn’t hurt me. He loves me.”
; I know how she feels about me, I know she loves me, and I know she was afraid of you, and I know what you did to her.” His face twists up, mutinous. “I know what you did to her, you piece of shit.”
He rubs the back of his neck.
Tony clears his throat again and rubs his hand over his face, standing up, the chair dragging against the kitchen tiles.
Word Count: 4884
“You’re keeping something from me,” he accuses. “Is it about the twins?”
“Hey, this is actually because of you,” Steve retorts. “I have no fucking idea what you got up to back in college, but that’s who’s come back to haunt us, sweetheart, not my job.”
Ms Lewis closes her eyes, and then finally, sighs. “Okay, so, I don’t know if it’s anything to worry about just yet.”
He throws his arm around Tony’s shoulders, and all of them head back inside. Tony makes sure the back door is locked once more, and they all go back to Tony’s wing.
When the meal finishes, and the wine is drained, Tony places his palms on the edge of the table.
When all three had come, and they were lying in the bed, their legs tangled together, their skin sweat-shiny, Bucky had turned to her and said, “you didn’t answer my question.”
Tony purses his lips thin. “And does it? Does it compromise you?”
Dr. Zola draws his pistol. “I’ll help you. This time I’ll kill you myself.”
The technicians undo the straps, and Steve collapses into Abraham’s arms, who staggers under the weight of the newly-born strong man.
“The Nazis hired me for a dig. We found this scepter a week ago.”
Tony’s eyes slide over to Steve, who uses his whole body to upend the Giant Nazi, who lands hard on his back, both of them surrounded by flames. Tony throws down the empty submachine gun and moves through the flames to the center of the bar where he had left the box with the five grand. He finds the remains of the box and its contents: a shapeless pile of ash and charred wood.
“Will you stay with us?” Maushmi asks in a small voice. “We haven’t seen you in
Steve groans and drags his hand over his face. “I meant that you… you were mysterious and interesting and playful, and you keep me guessing, and you’re… you’re not content with anything, and you keep reaching for things, changing things, changing the
“Let me drive you,” he urges.
“Face it, Tony, you’re a newcomer, an outsider, a stranger. Anyone you tell will only think that you’ve cuckolded their lord, the one they respect so greatly. And should you burden my brother about this encounter when he comes from war, I shall simply tell him that you made the advance on me, and that I tried my best to deny you your desires, that I pushed you away, but that you were most insistent and I thought it better that you slake your lusts with me instead of some peasant in the village that would only shame him when he returned and found out what you had been up to while he was gone. You do not have his ear the way I do. Besides,” he says with immaculate confidence, “I am the lord’s brother; he can never be rid of the bond that exists between him and I, and all he has to do is see your head on a spike outside the castle’s gates and find another omega who
“For fuck’s sake, Steve,” Tony rolls his eyes. “I wasn’t
Hell, maybe it’s always been like this, and it’s only now, when the kids are at school and he suddenly has an empty house to be faced with, that he’s realised it, realised that his marriage is rotting from the inside out.
spread their legs for me. You have no allies here, Tony. Only me; let me do what I want with you, and I swear, on my honour, that I will protect you.”
Tony doesn’t offer anything conclusive.
Tony resists the urge to flash him a rude sign.
“Fine,” Steve says, shortly.
“I will punch you so hard that you’d be pissing out teeth for weeks,” Tony threatens.
“Yeah, I’m too good for oatmeal.”
“So, why didn’t you tell Steve that it was James who called?”
Natasha winces, apologetic without words. “Yeah.”
“You want my cock back inside you, don’t you?” Steve clucks his tongue, sympathetically.
“I’ve actually completely deviated from my original train of thought,” she says, with a self-deprecating chuckle.
“Yeah, sure, but that’s… that’s a paradox. You remember when we watched Doctor Who, the first season with Christopher Eccleston’s Doctor?”
Tony remains stubbornly silent.
There’s only a very minute change to Maushmi’s expression.
“I thought you were getting the gnocchi. And by the way, when did you learn Italian?” Tony asks, or more like, demands.
James nods, stiffly, his mouth turned down at the corners.
Tony stills in his grip. “What?”
“He’s been spending a lot of time at work,” Natasha points out.
James’ mouth twists, not a smile but close. “Agreed.” He sighs. “She’s been following me. I think she was waiting outside my apartment the whole time; she probably saw you come over, me go to your house,” he says, apologetically.
“You think that’ll be a good idea?” James asks, sceptically. “Two worlds colliding.”
Toni sighs. “I suppose,” she admits, grudgingly.
“What the fuck, Steve?” Tony hisses, slamming the heel of his hand into Steve’s chest when they pull away.
“You’re in love with him too,” is the only way that Tony knows how to answer.
Steve opens up the vial, dripping a healthy amount onto his fingers, which he doesn’t hesitate to press between Tony’s legs, at his rim. Tony gasps, fisting his hands in the sheets below him, as he starts to open up to one finger, and then, two, and then, finally, three. On the thrust with three fingers, Steve catches his prostate, which makes Tony cry out and muffle the sound in Steve’s broad, muscled shoulder, setting his teeth against the skin there.
“Oh, please, how do we know it isn’t because you fucking morons starting following the fucking Winter Soldier in your
“So, I’m coming,” he says, his words sounding like a death knell. “That’s just… the end of it. That’s all I care about it.”
busy.”
“Oh, can you please not?” Tony says, frustrated.
Suddenly, all movement stops.
“You really think he’s a good subject for the serum?” he asks, curiously. “The process could just as likely kill him as it could save him.”
“Of having your ex-lover and your husband meet?” James asks, dryly.
It’s strange, but he is a very unhappy man.
“Tomorrow night sounds great.”
The muscle-bound Nazis light up at this suggestion, while the man in charge gives them a withering look.
“This is not one of them,” Lord Steven replies, gravely. “I will only touch you when you reach an age of eight and ten, and not a day sooner, and in the meantime, if your… want for me decreases, I will accept that.”
There’s something else that she’s not saying, and it terrifies him.
Steve lifts his head to fix him with a piercing look, like there a spear had crossed the air and impaled him right into the wall so that he couldn’t leave.
, making him stop breathing just for a moment.
Tony looks away, the disbelief gripping him fully now.
Abraham meets Phillips’ gaze without flinching. “I am more than just thinking about it. He is the clear choice.”
at that redheaded bitch you work with, have I?”
“Natasha’s on our side,” Steve says, defiantly, confidently.
Steve catches a dagger-wielding Nazi around the legs with the whip and flips him over his shoulder, kicking him in the head to make his eyes shut.
Steve scowls hard, looking angrier than Tony has ever seen him. “Our
“I’m sure she’ll find it difficult to say no when she sees you in this tux, baby.”
, as far as I’m concerned. So, yeah, of course we know that it’s not just you. We want to spend the rest of our lives with him too, Toni.”
“Stop whinging about my place; it serves my purposes,” James tells him.
“What the hell’s going on out there?” Phillips growls.
Agent Carter inclines her head. “Colonel Phillips.”
Wanda’s face flickers with surprise. “Tony…”
Steve pulls back, smiling even though his chest is hurting, as he cradles Sam’s cheek. “That’s why it’s yours.”
“You’re not failing,” Tony says, long-sufferingly. “You’re trying to protect me and protect the people I love, and I can’t be more grateful to you for that than I already am. Thank you.”
It’s only when James clears his throat that he realises that he’d forgotten.
The blood is hot in his face, as he looks away; as much as Wanda is his friend, and as much as he’s already telling her all the dirty details, there is still something unbearably humiliating about detailing all the way that your marriage is failing.
were my family, and I just…” He rubs his hands over his eyes, and it hurts, hurts to get the words out, hurts to form them in his lungs. “I always thought you felt the same way. But then, you started to slip away, so, clearly it wasn’t enough, this life that we were building for ourselves,” he finishes, bitterly, his lip curling up sharply, grinding his teeth. “You were all I wanted, you were everything to me, and you don’t want me anymore, and you don’t even care. I have loved you through everything; I have loved you even while you humiliated me and disrespected me and shamed me and accused me and
Steve nods. “Yeah, I do that,” he says, heavily.
He and Steve are forced into a tighter embrace of life.
He stops when he hears ripping fabric.
The bile is bitter at the back of his throat.
“Absolutely not, your teacher might kill me for sending you out there on a sugar rush,” Tony says, wistfully.
Steve, on the other hand, is uber-excited, and he corners Tony in their kitchen, after Tony sends Scott and Natasha away.
“What do you want to do?” Steve puts his hand on Tony’s, squeezes.
“Steve,” Tony sighs.
So, not a casual acquaintance then.
“Fine,” Tony says, his voice terse. “I guess… I guess it bothers me that you defend her.”
“Seems things have worked out kind of even,” Steve offers, sliding to his feet, prowling forwards like a jungle cat.
Steve and Tony peek out into the light from the shadows of an abandoned excavation. In front of them, they can see an improvised airstrip serving the digs: a crude runway, a tent supply depot, two fuel tank trucks. Down by the fuel trucks, a German mechanic is looking skyward, expectantly. Tony and Steve follow his gaze, drawn by the roaring sound of an airplane above, which circles around the digs in preparation for landing.
“You looked guilty as hell when I showed you that bracelet,” Steve says, stonily. “You lied to me that day, didn’t you? He was here, your
. I thought… you’d used me, that you just wanted sex and I was stupid and needy enough to think that you wanted more than that with me, and I was so fucking wrong.”
“Okay, uh, how’s… tomorrow night sound?” Steve offers.
The frat boy had continued to be awful, stepped up real close like he was about to start a bar fight and asked, “what’s your problem, man?”, in that tone that spoke of
“No reason,” Steve replies, easily, kissing him on the cheek. “Shall I get dinner started?”
Because the song had been real, and when he’d tackled Obadiah, he’d pulled him into his own world.
The hostess nods eagerly. “Yes, we’ve just had a cask of Schloss Johannisberg Silberback that I can bring you?” she asks, looking between the two of them.
Tony turns onto his back just like Steve asks and he scuttles over to the edge of the mattress, reaching under the bed to find his special box, fishing it out from underneath. In the box is a variety of sex toys not safe for public consumption: vibrators and dildos and plugs and cock rings and handcuffs and a fleshlight. He pulls out his favourite vibrator, a long, thick black one, chrome in its finish, and he brandishes it out at Steve, with a waggle of his eyebrows.
“You bought her a necklace,” Tony accuses. “A really fucking expensive necklace, a necklace that you bought me
Tony’s sick to his stomach at how easily Steve defends her, defends the woman who could be the end of them, their entire family, his fucking
“He was never good at the lady-killing,” James offers. “Or gentleman-killing, I suppose. You should have seen him when he was smaller. He offended
“It’s the American soldier, that’s who.”
“Told you I’d get the truck.”
Tony tips his glass to the side, the liquid sloshing around the rim.
“Yeah, I, uh, actually had another idea where that was concerned?”
Tony nods. “We went out for lunch afterwards, at this little café on the same street, and I got a call. It was from James. SHIELD was actively following me, this redheaded woman. Natasha, the woman that I think Steve is sleeping with, it was her who was following him, because she’s not the receptionist at his insurance company. And apparently, they’d bugged his place.”
“Are you alright?” he asks in a gentle voice.
Tony lets out a laugh, harsh and grating. “How much time you got?”
Tony sidles up close, his journey up the stairs abandoned, and slides his hand into Steve’s sweatpants, past his briefs, and curls his hand around the base of cock, which is already flushed warm and weeping pre-come into his palm.
It wasn’t enough, because that’s a lie, and he doesn’t have those blankets anymore.
“Because he thinks I deserve better than you,” Tony says, coldly.
Howard leans against a 1942 Cadillac, and all of the omegas are watching him with stars in their eyes – even in his forties, Tony understands why they want him, with that grin that lights up his face, never quite reaching his eyes, the look in his eyes, the salt and pepper brushing his hairline.
“It’s urgent. We have to see Natasha.”
Steve doesn’t rise to the bait easily. “You tell me, sweetheart. I’m not the one who’s been acting strange the last couple of weeks.”
And then, there is a loud vacuum-like sound, as the air is sucked out and the chamber is sealed. Half of the torches still burning in the cavern go out with the sound. The remaining torches continue to extinguish at punctuating intervals throughout the following action, and the snakes immediately flood into the newly darkened spaces.
“Come to bed,” Tony cajoles.
James scowls. “All they’d have to do is put a paper bag over your head and take you to some undisclosed location and shoot you between the eyes.”
Steve makes a face. “Yeah, I suppose,” he admits, grudgingly. “I just… explain it to me.”
“How does it feel?” he asks, curiously.
He laughs, harsh and grating.
“Honestly, Steve, looking back, I really wouldn’t have given a fuck if you’d just told me at breakfast one day,
“I see you decided to take a day off after all?” he says, clearly disapproving,
“Yeah, look, Steve and I are friends, and we spend a lot of time together-”
“We’re going to that really good Italian place that you like,” Tony explains. “You remember how much you liked the gnocchi last time?”
He reaches for Tony again, touches his cold cheek, and whispers, “Tony?”, like his whisper might be able to bring him to life, as though his pain, his grief, his sorrow is enough to open Tony’s eyes, because Tony had never liked seeing him upset.
“Come,” he says, his voice brooking no argument.
want.”
“It’s good to see you again, Tony,” Obadiah rasps, with that terrible smile on his face.
He really should have recorded it, he muses, as they keep walking.
“I’m not the kind of guy that Tony Stark fucks,” Steve snarls and then, coughs again. “I’m short, I’m thin, you can see my fucking ribs, I couldn’t even have sex with you without having an asthma attack or getting palpitations, and
Tony’s lip curls up. “You mean, back in the Old Country?” he teases.
“Fuck you, Rogers. You wanted to be away from me so badly, but I’ll tell you what,” Tony holds up the medallion possessively, “I’m your goddamn partner now!”
Tony swells up with indignant pride, and the two of them are staring at each other, and Tony’s torn between punching him again and throwing himself into Steve’s arms and kissing him until neither of them know what day it is.
“Fuck,” Steve grunts, his hand striping up his cock, and then, there’s a warm wash of heat as he comes obscenely in thick, white streaks all over Tony’s face and chest.
Tony grips the phone tight. “Thanks.” He presses the cool metal screen against his chest, where his heart thumps in his ribcage. “I guess I’ll, uh, see you later?” he says, chewing on his lower lip.
“Oh, I’m full of secrets, baby,” Tony replies, a wicked light in his eyes, the first lightness he’s felt in his chest since the night that Pepper died.
Steve sucks in a breath like he wants to say something, but his shoulders slump instead. “Nothing, it’s nothing,” he mutters and starts canting his hips forward.
Steve stops moving inside him. “What?” he says, sounding breathless himself. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
Bhim nods. He turns to Steve. “There is a story in our religion. Satrajit, a nobleman of Dwārakā, was a devotee of Surya, the Sun God. Surya being pleased with Satrajit’s devotion appeared before him and gifted him the Syamantaka gem. It was said that whichever land possessed this jewel would never encounter any calamities such as droughts, floods, earthquakes or famines, and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude. Wherever the jewel remained, it would also produce for the keeper eight bhāras of gold daily.”
Steve approaches him, fear shining in those blue eyes of his that Tony loves.
Clint and Nat and Thor
“Thank you.”
Steve frowns. “Why?”
eyes too, and there’s nothing in them. “He skipped town. Left before the cops could make an arrest. Because you were a child, everything was kept hush-hush. Your father cut him out of everything to do with Stark Industries, and well, that was that.”
“It was just after I finished my last doctorate-”
“You’re not understanding me,” James says, stubbornly. “I’m just… this isn’t college anymore; you’re not some adrenaline-fuelled teenager anymore. We’re adults, and you have a life; you have a husband and children, and you were with them today when I called you. You should have told me to fuck off, but you came here anyway, just to help me. You don’t know what that means to me, to know that I have you, even after everything.”
Tony makes a face. “A few weeks ago, he showed up at my door.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth tips up. “Believe me, Tony, war is one of the few things that I do well.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought,” Steve says, darkly, and then, starts filling him again, deeper, rougher, pounding into him without any finesse.
friends. How can you possibly think that I–that
Images flash through his mind, of all the different ways that a woman who looks like Natasha Romanoff might have fucked Steve, made him feel like a man instead of just a father and just a husband, living a G-rated life.
Pepper rubs her hand over her face. “Jesus.”
“I would rather have this discussion in private,” Lord Steven says, coldly.
He’s practically shouting at this rate, and then, he starts running, searching every room, every closet, throwing open every cupboard to see if the kids are somehow, hopefully, hiding inside, waiting for him to come and find them.
“I’m okay,” Steve says, his voice rough.
“Okay, then, I’d like for you to adopt me,” he says, politely.
Toni lifted her eyebrow. “You were serious?”
James doesn’t have half that heat, and here is where Tony spots the problem with this particular sex position, considering that Steve is able to keep control of his rhythm, fuck him like he has no other business to attend to; even Tony, as the ultimate receiver in this encounter, can’t be distracted, and only has to focus on the cock in his ass, but James isn’t the same way. There are so many sensations, both around his cock and inside his body, that he doesn’t know which to focus on, which only explains why his rhythm would falter.
The words are hot, lust-inducing, and make him hard, make him clench around the phantom sensation of Steve’s fingers inside him, and so, he feels all the instinctive physical, sexual reactions he’s supposed to have, because this taunting edge that Steve adopts during sexy times is one of his kinks as well, but for some reason, this time, his words don’t quite sit easy in his gut, draws some dark, acid chill out of his body.
“Because you’re my husband,” Steve says, pathetically earnest. “Because you’re mine. Because I love you; I loved you the moment I met you, and I have never stopped loving you, despite what you may think of me.” His voice is rough, and Tony can see the sheen of tears covering his eyes, eyes glassy with the threat of overspill (he’d always loved that about Steve, how he’d been a man who cried and never thought it shameful, like Howard might have). “I mean, I mean, it’s
“Come on,” he urges, stretching his hand out and helping Tony over the remains of the wall into the catacombs, a winding string of connected chambers.
“Why?” Steve demands. “Why? Because I’ve got it all wrong. Please,
“I’m your
“Fine, but he shows up with one bloody nose and I’m going apeshit on those little bastards,” Steve threatens.
Natasha looks around the cell, groggily, running her fingers through her matted red hair, before collapsing back onto the pillow.
Tony wants to scream
He fists his hand in his hair, searching desperately, and then, the far side of the settlement burns away, revealing Steve, tied spread-eagle between two upright posts.
“That was… that was…” Steve struggles to get out a word to adequately describe exactly what he’s feeling.
Tony pulls his mouth off. “No,” he says, sternly. “I like it. You can pull my hair. I like the pain.”
“The kids, they’re safe?”
Something crumples in his chest when he sees her smiling at him. “Hey, doll,” he replies, his voice soft, when he comes over to her, kissing her on the corner of her mouth. “What are you doin’?”
“I just… I came to see how you were doing,” Steve says, voice barely above a whisper.
He’s a little sleep-rough, rubbing at his eyes, and he’s only wearing smallclothes, his chest bare and his legs naked until the middle of his thighs.
“You didn’t ruin anything,” Steve promises. “And you have every right to be scared. I just…
In this universe, this is where their happy ending begins, though, after a lot of shit, and it’s okay, because at least they made it to this point, where Tony can feel whole having both Steve and James to himself, sharing them in this bed, their bodies fitting together like the perfect puzzle pieces.
Steve stares at him, and his face crumples in horror. He drags his hand over his face. “Why…” he clears his throat, “and you killed him, because the two of you engaged in… because the two of you were together? That doesn’t make sense.” He purses his lips thin. “There is more to this story.” He closes his eyes. “Please, Tony, please, just… tell me all of it.”
Tony can hear the thready, faltering beat of his pulse in his ears when he says, “your brother raped me, and this is not the first time he has raped me.”
“Excuse me, we’d like to see Natasha Romanoff,” he says with a pleasant manner.
“I love you, and I’m not going anywhere. I couldn’t drag myself away from you and our kids, even if I wanted to,” Steve swears. “You have me, Tony. You have both of us. You’re stuck with us, in fact, couldn’t get rid of us even if you wanted to.
“Why do you think they sat us at the back?” Tony whispers, conspiratorially. “So, passers-by won’t think that
James nods.
Tony checks the locks one last time, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Oh, fuck you,” Tony snarls, spitting directly in his face, earning a backhand for his troubles. “Fuck you and the genocidal horse that you and your lackeys walked in on. I’m not telling you anything about the medallion.”
Tony rubs his back and looks at Steve meaningfully, before finding his things, his wallet, his phone, and makes his way out of the café. He manages to hail a taxi at the corner of the road, which trundles its way all the over to Prospect Park. He climbs out, paying the man a generous tip, and searches the park as much as he possibly can before giving up at no obvious, familiar sign of James.
sort of man, the sort of man that takes what he wants, with no thought to responsibilities or to obligations or to duty.
Toni pauses. “I think… he’d want you to be happy and safe and loved,” she hedges, or rather, lies straight through her teeth. “I think… he wouldn’t mind because he wasn’t here to be a Daddy for you, and he’d rather have someone love you in that way than for you to go without it.”
He lets the poker slip from his hand and makes his way back to the bar, still cluttered with bottles and glasses. He stops at the pile of American money Steve had left him. Tony takes the chain from around his neck and lets the medallion slide off it into his hand, placing it on the bar next to the pile of money.
Tony struggles, and Natasha is on top of him, still caked with blood, her dark auburn hair matted across her skull, her green eyes wild.
“Yes, you
“A while?” Tony says, affronted, his voice sliding high. “We had sex
“That must have been some conversation,” Wanda says, sympathetically.
Lord Steven’s expression flattens. “Yes, I appear to have found quite the omega.”
“Don’t you fucking dare pretend like you knew better, like I was just some stupid little kid that didn’t know what I was doing? But you did know better; you knew that I was in love with you, and you were just looking for a fling, and you took advantage of me. You know that you did.”
That is what he should say.
Steve had long since finished his own box, but his stomach rumbles.
“But you really went to meet James at the park,” Sam finishes for him, a disappointed edge to his voice.
“We were wrong,” Tony says, dully, and he buries his face in Steve’s shoulder.
James grins down at him. “Yeah?”
He slides his palm over Steve’s cheek, and Steve leans into the touch.
“Appa, your friend is here,” Peter says, hushed, tugging on his hair.
“I don’t like her,” Maushmi says, conspiratorially, tugging on his sweatpants.
“We ask the kids to draw their family, you know. It’s a good exercise for them to practice their motor skills, and it gets them talking,” Ms Lewis explains. She gestures to the drawers. “That’s what Maushmi and Peter drew.”
The bed dips underneath him, and Tony turns his head just to see Steve shift onto his side, his face open and vulnerable.
my vibrator. You made me feel like shit. You made me feel like I was unworthy and attractive and
“Uh, Pete, you sure you’re okay with calling us that?” Bucky clarifies.
Tony was hoping that she wouldn’t, but he knows that it’s a discussion that has to happen.
Tony turns his head so sharp that he fears he may have done something irrevocable to his muscles. “What?” he asks, his voice sliding high.
He rocks his hips, sending his cock deeper into Steve’s throat, and he can feel it, Steve’s throat convulsing around him, the sensation making him even harder than he already is, as he quickly approaches his first orgasm of the night. He can see his cock pulsing in Steve’s throat, and he comes just like that with a soft grunt, spilling in his mouth, thick and slow, shuddering as his nerves are wrung dry by the orgasm.
Tony feels that little hopeful knot forming in his throat, and he’s running, Peggy hot on his heels. The soldiers at the entrance part for them, revealing Steve and another man, holding a rifle close to his chest, walking up the road, leading a squad of the 107
“I have a few errands that have come up,” he says, apologetically.
“Oh?”
“Then, what was all that crap of
Steve waits a while before answering. “I need something that belonged to your father, one of the pieces that he collected.”
“And you didn’t tell me?” Tony demands.
Tony breathes.
, waiting for
Steve buys him a present.
It’s a strange thing.
“You know that’s not normal, right?” he says, scathingly. “Like that’s how sociopaths do shit.”
“Keep with me?” James demands. “Keep with me? Are you fucking kidding me? Do you have any idea how difficult it was to keep my hands off you back then?”
Tony waves a hand dismissively on his way to the kitchen. “I am rich; we can order as much oatmeal as you want.”
Tony almost lunges, if not for Agent Carter laying a hand on his forearm.
“I guess not. I think I’d be dead.”
Tony purses his lips thin, but the other man takes it to be a negative sign.
Tony’s hand comes to cover Steve’s. “Steve,” he says, his voice firmer this time. “Steve, stop, you’re going to hurt yourself.”
“You didn’t used to be prideful around me, Tony,” Steve says, his voice measured, his face crumpling for a fleeting moment before it solidifies into something normal. “And I know I don’t have a right to be accusing you of anything, not when I’ve been lying for so long, but I don’t know, I guess-”
“I don’t even have a cat–” Tony mutters.
Maushmi chews on her lower lip, stares at her feet. “Are you and Daddy getting a… a divorce?” she says, sounding out the unfamiliar word carefully.
“Not a very healthy coping mechanism,” Sam says, his voice softer than it’s been since Tony knocked on the door of his hospital room.
Getting Peggy to help is easy enough. She’d been furious when she’d heard that the Allies weren’t mounting a rescue mission themselves.
“I dream about you sometimes,” James says, suddenly, and when Tony looks at him, his lungs in his throat, James’ eyes are fixed on Steve, and his face has the guarded look of a wild beast crossing a cage, and then, those eyes fly up to meet Tony’s, guiltily.
He strips it off his shoulders.
“Who was scary?”
Once that is done, Pepper returns to New York, to May Parker and Peter, and Rhodey returns to the Compound – if anyone is going to lead the Avengers now, Steve would be happy for it to be Rhodey.
“Yeah,” Tony says, dragging his knuckles down Steve’s cheeks, fondly.
“I’d kill him, sweetheart,” he says, almost kindly, but with that unbearable intensity that Tony had always associated with him when he was looking at Tony (it had been so long since Tony had received more than a cursory glance that it’s like crack to him now). “I’d fucking kill him. I don’t think I could live with the idea that you’d let anyone near you, that you’d let someone else touch you like this, have you like this, let someone else into your body. The universe made you for me, baby. They made you for me and me alone, you understand? You could never have this with anyone else. The universe wouldn’t allow it. I need you, I
“Don’t start with me,” Steve threatens, pointing the spatula at him.
The throbbing changes, and he’s filling Tony deeper, rougher, and Tony can’t breathe, can’t feel anything but Steve’s cock inside him, and Tony’s rocking against him, hips grinding back, angling them so that his cock rubs up against Steve’s abdomen.
He dreams of Tony, dreams of them dancing in the living room of the lake house, the sunlight edging in through the window, flooding them in gold, fitting together like puzzle pieces, Tony’s mouth humming against the pulse point in Steve’s throat.
“And you wore it that night,” Tony says, flatly.
Steve laughs and presses a smacking kiss to her cheek. “That’s just as much for you as it is for me.”
“I don’t see that there’s any reason why we shouldn’t get married,” Bucky went onto say. “Wait, just–”
Today, they don’t know what’s going on. Today, all it looks like is that Daddy and Appa aren’t talking, aren’t doing the things that married couples are supposed to be, that Daddy is never at home, and Appa seems lonely, and sometimes, they sleep in separate beds. But tomorrow, when they’re older, they’ll start to understand, they’ll start to see the cracks and the hollows, and will they understand? Will they understand the choices that he’s made, the decisions that he’s taken? Or will their blame turn on him, because he wasn’t brave enough, because he should have had more dignity and walked out, ended things before they got so far?
To emphasise his point, Steve turns back the covers on his side of the bed and rolls out, storming off towards the door. Tony sighs and climbs out as well, going after him.
“Because
“It’s not a competition,” Steve huffs out.
Steve’s hand tangles with Tony’s, a shock of warmth that shudders right through his body, down to his fingers and his toes.
Maushmi’s face morphs into an expression of indecision. “I suppose,” she says, grudgingly.
“That’s not possible,” Natasha says, adamantly.
“Then, what the fuck were you playing at?” Tony demands.
“She’s dangerous,” Coulson reminds him.
His shoulders slump.
Tony’s face scrunches up in disdain.
It’s not that easy, which is what the three of them were expecting.
He knows what’s going to happen, so he steels himself and hides a carving knife, typically used for slicing up meat, in his cloak, before returning to his chambers.
he reassures himself,
Tony sighs, and Steve stops.
“Whether or not I like him is irrelevant. What did you do to him, and how soon can you turn him back?”
Maushmi and Peter nod.
“Thanks, Sarah,” Tony replies, warmly.
“It’s hard for me to stay hard,” Tony explains. “It might seem like it’s just the fact that I’m over forty, but no, it’s because, well, of all my health conditions post-Afghanistan. Blood circulation doesn’t work very well. I get really worked up when I need to get hard, and well, my lack of lung capacity and various heart conditions work against me there as well, which means even if I’m getting there, the pain’s kind of a turn-off, and I just go soft. I think, without assuming that our experiences are the same, that’s also what happened with you?” he offers. “And that’s okay, that’s just… well, it’s the same thing that’s happening to me, so I couldn’t judge you for it even if I wanted to, and I don’t want to.”
Maushmi kicks her legs. “If it’s about the last Fudge Pop, Peter took it, not me.”
Bucky’s throat flexes, and she watches as he peers down at the screen of his phone, flicking away the call. His expression shifts, when he reads the text message that follows. Steve has the same look on his face.
“You weren’t before, not before we opened this door and started talking,” Steve points out.
Okay, so, obviously, the last chapter blew up a little.
“Doctor?” Steve’s long lashes flutter open. “Did it–”
?” he croaks.
“We’ll see how many you want,” Tony says, lightly. “But I can only buy you books if you go to sleep now.”
Steve grins, even if there is some sadness to his features. “Don’t take this away from me,” he drawls.
“He found the bugs, of course, put them in a little glass jar, and asked me to meet him in a park, so that I could destroy them without warning SHIELD. So, I pretended like the call came from Pepper, my PA, because something had gone wrong at Stark Industries, and told Steve and the kids I had to leave immediately.”
He stares at her, so pathetically earnest that Tony’s heart thumps frantically in his chest.
Eshe looks partly stunned that they’d even had such a conversation, but she recovers quickly.
, and I’m fairly sure that it’s going to start when you actively try to avoid your… transformation,” Tony says, carefully. He frowns and looks at Natasha. “I’m not a massive expert in this, because my last committed, romantic relationship was like more than twenty years ago and the less said about my intense, fucked-up entanglement with Tiberius Stone the better, but that’s a thing, right? Like I got it right?”
“There is no double standard,” Steve says, ferociously. “Because I’m not having an affair.”
“Scared for me?” Tony’s brow furrows.
James flinches, closes his eyes as if Tony’s actually struck him across the face. “I know,” he says, roughly, like his throat is numb and it’s hard to get words out. “I
“You never have to thank me.”
“That won’t happen,” James says, savagely. “He won’t come near you or near your kids. I won’t let him.”
“Do you
“I wonder why,” Tony muses.
. I love you, I love you like I love Steve and nothing else. That’s it. You’re my life, and you were my life back then, and you didn’t do anything wrong. It was all me. It was because I was selfish and arrogant enough that I thought I could make those decisions
The whip flies from Steve’s hand as he and the giant Nazi roll across the floor, upsetting furniture. The one closest to Tony, seeing this, stands up confidently, abandoning his weapon momentarily, and Tony uses this against him, rising up behind him and bashing him over the head with the ax handle.
“You have seen me naked,” Tony agrees. “But it’s been a while, James.
Howard would never have deigned to do such a thing.
“Pretty much,” Tony admits grudgingly. “I think it just made him realise how woefully ignorant he is, because he has absolutely no idea what I do all day, where I go. Of course, things weren’t helped by you leaving that stupid bracelet on my bathroom sink. We got into a fight. It was… not good.”
“I understand. I wouldn’t have expected that either,” Steve says, solemnly. “We should get going. They saw me. They’ll be on our trail.”
“We thought,” Maushmi closes her eyes, “we thought that maybe someone at school was hurting you, that you were being bullied. You told us that it wasn’t, but you wouldn’t say anything else. You just… shut up, you wouldn’t say a thing. We were so worried, because you kept getting hurt, and I… I didn’t know what to do. I, I spoke to Sarah and Virgil. Sarah was a nurse, and Virgil was a therapist, and I thought maybe, maybe they had some sort of insight. Sarah said,” Maushmi gnaws on her lower lip, “she said that those wounds couldn’t have been caused by a child, that they were too deep, too long. Virgil said that you were scared, scared of who it was. So, I went on a hunting expedition, trying to find out who it was. It wasn’t a one-off. It was… someone who had access to you, someone whom you could see constantly. So, I watched you, I watched you with everyone. I thought it could be everyone. I thought it was Jarvis first, because he was the one you loved the most, but you never shied away, you never stopped liking him; in fact, you ran to him for comfort, you trusted him to protect you. Sarah said that he could be grooming you, but I didn’t see it, I couldn’t see it. Then, I moved onto Ana. It wasn’t her. And then, I thought it was your father.”
It tumbles onto the grass, stopping in front of the recruits, who scramble away, especially Hodge who yelps and dives underneath a nearby jeep, except for Steve, who throws himself on top of the grenade, bodily, crouching over it.
Grant has the audacity to laugh at him. “Won’t I?” He leans in, so that Tony can see the dark, satisfied look in his eyes, still as pale as Steve’s. “I dare you to go outside and tell everyone what I’ve done to you. Do you really think they’ll believe you?”
“Yeah,” Steve says, his voice odd. “Tony?”
James nods, his eyes fixed on Steve. “You want to tell him about your girlfriend, or should I?”
“I know, I know, I’m so sorry, but I’ll be back soon, okay? I’ll be back really soon.”
Tony waits until he can’t see them anymore and makes the long trek back to his car.
“Never,” Steve growls, his mouth pulled away to show his sharp teeth. “Never, Tony. Tony, you’re everything to me. I’m still… fuck, I look at you and I still find you one of the most handsome, most beautiful people that I have ever met. I am still insanely attracted to you, Tony, and I would… God, if you want me to, I will fuck you on the floor to show you just how much you turn me on.”
that,” he hisses, smacking him on the shoulder.
,” Steve says, fiercely, the lines of exhaustion around his eyes growing deeper. “I swear. This doesn’t change anything. I love your Appa.” He reaches out, and Tony reaches forward, and their hands tangle together. “I love him as much as I’ve ever loved him. I just love Bucky too, and your Appa loves Bucky too. We’re just… opening this up to him, so he can be part of our family; we love you; all three of us love you and your brother, Maushmi. We just… we have some more love for Bucky, and we want him to stay with us, to be with us. But no one is going anywhere, I promise. We’re all staying right here. And if you say you don’t want this or you don’t like this, Bucky isn’t going anywhere. He’ll still be around.”
Board members side-eye him at the beginning, and their attitude towards him is even more cavalier than it was before. The reporters relentlessly mock them, at least the straight-laced, conservative media, but the more progressive parts decide that he and Steve and James are the faces of a new movement, a movement away from traditional, heterosexual, monogamous relationships, a movement towards polyfidelity, whereby more than two people can be in a relationship with each other and be faithful to each other and not be considered
Nothing happens, nothing changes; there’s no terrifying jump-scare.
Steve watches it, carefully, and then, a myriad of expression passes over his face.
“I told her that I would,” Steve says, quietly. “She made me promise that I would tell you.”
“I am,” Abraham chuckles.
Tony looks at him, his brow creasing in surprise. “Why?”
All four Nazis look in surprise towards the front entrance, and Tony’s eyes follow them to see Steve standing there, whip in one hand and a gun in the other.
Oh, who is he kidding? Maybe there is anything left here to rebuild after all.
“Sorry, sir, if I offended ya–”
“What if we didn’t go back in time to stop Thanos from snapping his fingers, but we went back in time so that we could collect all of the infinity stones, bring them back to our time, to 2023, and snap
“What?” Tony’s lips twist mirthlessly. “What, if he thinks to have me, well, he shall have all of me by this time tomorrow night. I want to hear what he has to say.”
Peter purses his lips. “What if they don’t like it?”
Tony scrambles about in the dark, and his hand finds the wood shaft of a nearby shovel. He musters the strength to get up, and he smiles, tasting iron on his teeth, the blood from his split lip from when Obadiah had backhanded him.
“Bold of you to accuse me of being a liar, considering you’re the one who’s been getting in bed with the fucking Black Widow,” he says, in a flat, gravelly voice.
“–and what, I fucked her?” Stone offers. “Is that why you’re doing this? Because I meet a lot of girls, Rogers, and a lot of ‘em don’t wear wedding rings and they give it up ‘cause I’m rich, and I’m sorry, man, I’m sorry if I fucked your girl or whatever, but hey, maybe I did you a favour–”
, the tirade bringing quite a few of them to tears.
“You must have danced?”
Tony sets his legs wide open, planting his feet squarely on the mattress. “Now, what are you going to do?”
It feels like a condemnation, and it hurts.
There’s no answer.
“So, did you just come to warn me-”
Tony lowers his eyes, pretends as though his shame is not colouring his face – what a terrible thing it is to be trotted around like a whore, like an omega for wares, as though he is not the child of a great lord, a trueborn child with the lands of the Stark at his back.
“I had no fears where your brother’s attentiveness are concerned,” Tony says, his voice taut.
“Rogers, get back here,” Peggy says, sternly. “We’re taking you all the way in!”
“My God,” he says, bluntly. “Your bathroom is a mess. Tomorrow, when you get back from school, you are both going to clean this bathroom from top to bottom or you won’t get a slice of that cheesecake in the fridge, do you understand?”
Tony tilts his head in curiosity. “Oh?”
“What do you mean?” Eshe prompts.
Steve groans, his head hanging forward, and his hips stutter and falter, pausing, like he’s getting used to having his cock in a vice like Tony’s body. And then, he grits his teeth, thrusting forward – Tony feels Steve’s ribs shudder against his stomach, and he almost says something, reassures him, but the last time that Tony made an assumption about Steve’s ability or lack thereof to do something in his current state, well, it didn’t end well for them.
It’s been so
“Well, it’s not like I ever knew that, right?” Tony asks him, hateful and venomous. “As far as I knew, my beloved husband was a fucking insurance claims agent, who apparently had a fucking mountain of paperwork and constant cases and meetings and conferences and couldn’t be fucked to put his dick in his husband. Bullshit, you were tired. No insurance claims agent is that fucking tired. And I don’t believe you now. I don’t care if you were on a fucking mission. You know why, right? Because you have proven you have no fucking credibility where I am concerned, because you have spent years lying to me. You were a SHIELD recruit when you
He prays that Steve can hear him, but all he can hear is the disembodied sound of Steve sleeping, snoring quietly into the pillow.
James’ hand tightens around his throat, and he thrusts up into the tight, slick heat of him,
“Of course,” Steve replies.
“He is, by all accounts, a very quiet individual. He doesn’t not talk much, struggles with the courtesies that you have been raised in, shows that he is lowborn with his speech. He does not have much respect for the highborn. He is a man who has worked with his hands, my lord–Tony,” she amends when he sends her a glower over his shoulder. “He is not the perfumed lord that your father and mother may have bonded you off to, but he does not appear to be one that would treat you unkindly.”
“Amma! Amma!” Tony shouts when he enters the manor, Steve hot on his heels.
Steve shakes his head. “I guess I thought things would be different for you guys.”
Tony and Lord Steven are bonded the next day in a ceremony. Their hands bound and oiled, with an old wiseman who speaks over them with vows and promises that they make to each other.
“Fucking crazy kid,” Coulson curses. “She didn’t have to do that!”
Obadiah wails, crumpling.
James stares down at him, pale eyes widened in obscene awe, but he doesn’t seem to be able to get words off his tongue, after Tony gets back to sucking his cock with gusto, and frankly, Tony is very good what he’s doing currently.
“A year later, Steve asked me to marry him, and we got married. We had kids, Peter and Maushmi. And… they’re four now, they just started kindergarten, and they love school, actually. I don’t get any complaints in the morning,” he practically babbles. “They’re so smart too. I mean, I would’ve been happy even if they weren’t; I still would’ve loved them, but they’re so smart, and they’re already reading the things that fourth and fifth graders read, and they know their numbers and they write and they’re so
“Your Daddy will be just fine without me, don’t worry,” he says, dryly.
The day that Steve leaves for war, it is night; the stars are shining, and the wind is cool, chill enough that Tony’s nipples are jutting against his silk clothes – not that Steve would ever realise when his body forms itself in a way that should normally please an alpha (Steve appears to be the only alpha that isn’t attracted to him; his brother sure appears to be).
“Oh, I think you know exactly what I mean,” Tony replies, almost taunting him. “Am I disappointing you now, Steve? Is that what this is about? Not conforming to your ideal house husband, not being the good little homemaker that you need, taking care of your house and your kids and having a fresh, hot meal waiting for you when you deign to show up at midnight or later?”
He’s so handsome, Tony realises.
Tony pretends like that doesn’t affect him, pretends like he’s not imagining Steve in such a state, but in their bed, those broad, pale hands running all over his body.
“Make sure you keep breathing,” Tony warns him. “I don’t want you to keel over in the middle of the this.”
Tony ducks his head in a show of deference, the way his sire likes. “Yes, Dad.”
that you’ve got some idea that I judge people on their appearance, that I only like and am attracted to one kind of person. You have no idea,” he laughs, harsh and grating, “you just… you made an assumption, made an assumption about
And at the end of the vows and exchange of the rings, they’d also exchange garlands – it’s not the ceremony that Tony’s mother would have had in mind (not that Howard Stark had ever agreed to do anything where a Hindu wedding may have been concerned), but it’ll have to do, considering he’s pretty sure that the Vedas or any other Hindu text don’t exactly cover what’s supposed to happen in a Hindu Brahmin Iyengar wedding with two guys.
“Hello, Tony,” Steve says, smiling.
He tells them to go fuck themselves every single time.
Tony rolls his eyes but refills his glass, dutifully. “Come on, I know you drink something stronger than that. Me, I like scotch. And I like bourbon. And vodka and gin. I’m not much for brandy. I didn’t like that it made me dance on tables and proposition British soldiers for one, heat-filled night with me. I felt like a traitor to my face, more than I did when I was fukcing you.”
His voice is wet, and when Tony looks at him, hears that lump in his throat, there are tears in Steve’s eyes, clinging to his pale eyelashes.
He settles on the edge of a park bench, staring at the blank screensaver of his phone.
“I liked coke,” Tony reminisces. “And people sold it to me. Frankly, I was just living up to the idea that the world had about me in the first place; no one
“No, no, it wasn’t, it wasn’t–” Tony rubs his arm absently, lost in thought, then sucks in a sharp breath, when the pain flares hot.
“Yes, Uncle,” Tony says, gravely.
“Oh, come on, Tony, isn’t it time you dropped the whole fucking act?” Steve says, derisively. “I know he’s the Winter Soldier, and I know you’ve been helping him with his fucking terrorism, since fucking college apparently, and I know you’ve been sleeping with him this whole time, and I know… I know I was your cover, your convenient fucking alibi, the chance to play both sides. Did you know SHIELD had recruited me when we met in that bar the first time? Did you set up that scene with the idiot frat boy who kept making a move on you, or was it just a happy accident?”
James with some difficulty and a few winces, manages to take his shirt off, revealing a familiar muscled chest blotted with deep bruising and a few cuts from what Tony thinks is a serrated blade, scouring the planes of his abdomen.
“Is that so?” Grant murmurs and walks over to him. “Are you really pretending that you don’t want it, after all of these moons?”
Written for the "damaged wing(s)" square of the STB Bingo - Round 1.
Steve kisses him, kisses him so hard that Tony thinks that his brain is leaking out of his ears. He scrambles for a grip on Steve’s shirt, just as Steve hikes him up the screen door, wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist. He slings an arm around the base of Tony’s spine, so that he can free one of his hands to open the door, kicking it in when it doesn’t budge.
“You burned down my bar!” he accuses Steve, shoving at his shoulder. “You’re going to pay for this, Rogers. I swear to God–”
tell her. So, I’m pretty sure that’s all of your issues just dealt with, right? Did I miss anything?”
“Where do you think you’re going?” she asks, pulling back to smooth Tony’s hair back.
He takes a deep breath, and the urge lessens, but the humiliation is bright in his chest. His hands clutch at the edge of the table, tightening to the point of pain.
“With Stark Gravitic Reversion Technology, patent pending, you’ll be able to do just that–”
Tony slides to his feet, and he removes his coat, throwing it onto a nearby settee, gesturing with a few fingers for Steve to do the same. He removes it a little haphazardly, like he’s feeling too many things to be wholly present of simple actions like removing a coat.
Steve eyes him, warily. “A question, did you build the hover car?”
“So, are you two just going to watch, or are you actually going to join in like you keep promising?”
“I… I was actually tired,” Steve says, dully, panicking. “I was genuinely tired. I was coming back from long missions.”
“I know what he is, and I know what you are now,” Steve says, bluntly. “I know that you used me, that you’ve used me all these years, that you made me out as a mark in that bar, and made sure you were taken care of, right?”
He drags his hand over his face.
He never expected to be married, and now, he is.
“I am
, Tony thinks with spiteful satisfaction.
James smooths a hand over his hair.
“Holy shit,” Tony exclaims.
“You’re different now,” he says, softly. “You’ve changed. You’ve become tough.”
constantly.
“Maybe not so much of a long shot,” he murmurs.
“You’re America’s New Hope,” Tony quotes from a newspaper he’d seen.
you with your own brother, but also to killing him. What more do you want from me? What else will it take for you to run me through with that sword of yours?” His lips flatten. “What else will it take?”
“For killing him, the first time, I mean. Thank you,” he explains, heaving an unsteady breath.
“No one looked at why you’d gone to the guest room in the first place?” Eshe guesses for him.
James thinks it over for a moment. “I could probably go in ten minutes. Maybe less?”
He’ll be dead in a few minutes if he stays here.
Tony leans into the touch, desperately, hungry for every last morsel of affection that Steve might give him – this is what he’s been reduced to.
“Tony,” Steve says, sharp and taut, staring at him, “you’re keeping something from me. Don’t lie to me.”
Tony and Steve enter the police station, crossing directly over to the nearest blue-clothed police officer.
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, fixing his expression into some semblance of clean austerity. “Okay, consider me sufficiently warned. If the HYDRA agent comes near me-”
“He is. Master Steven is in the lounge, sir,” JARVIS answers promptly.
It is one of the reasons that he loves Wanda as much as he does.
“Shut up!” Tony snarls. “Shut up,
“Like I said, I don’t give a shit,” Tony replies, the tilt of his face effortlessly regal. “I don’t care about you, Natasha. I don’t care about your intentions. All I care about is that you contributed to some of the worst months of my life. Now, I appreciate your explanations, but I think it’s better if you leave now.”
Natasha shakes her head. “There were some… experimental medical procedures used, so he was kept in a secret facility for a while, and we were all told that he was dead because… well, honestly, they didn’t know whether he was going to survive after those experimental procedures.”
“You don’t have to be okay,” Eshe soothes.
“What about you?” Peter asks, confused.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Let’s go.”
“You promise?” Peter asks, in a small, unsure of voice, peering up at him with those big, dark eyes of his that are so similar to Tony’s.
Stone swallows hard. “No,” he lies.
“I don’t care,” Steve tells him. “I
“No, no,” Wanda says, quickly, pinching the bridge of her nose. “No, it, um, I guess I’ve never talked about it with anyone but Sam. And you just spilled your guts to me already-”
Steve and Bucky nod, firmly.
Tony shakes his head. He walks away.
“And now? Now that you’re back, now that I have asked you to come to my bed?” Tony demands.
So, how can he possibly tell Rhodey any of this, confide in him, when Rhodey has so much more important things to deal with and think about instead of Tony’s stupid marital problems?
Steve shrugs. “She’s got a point, honey.”
It takes a while before Peter and Maushmi feel safe to let Tony leave, and even then, he’s loathed to do so.
“Oh, yeah, because they treat me so lovingly in the States,” Tony says, derisively. “At least here, I am among my countrymen, and I know how to get by here. And if I go back, I will go back with money. They’ll know me, Rogers. They’ll know they can’t treat me like shit ever again.”
He just hopes that’s enough.
“And what purposes are those?” Tony asks, coming back to the reason why he’d come here in the first place.
Steve throws his hands up in the air. “It’s two in the morning, and you want to have this argument right now?” he demands.
, he thinks.
“I think you are a shit father,” Tony says, bluntly. “I think you don’t give a shit about me unless it suits you in some way.”
people.
Steve gets there too, dodging all of the surveillance cameras.
He gathers him up in his arms – somehow, Tony feels lighter for the lack of life in him.
“I would never expect you to,” Steve swears.
“This sucks. It’s allowed to suck. If you want to,” he clears his throat, a knot burning at the pit, “
my story. I’m not a child, Steve. You don’t need to keep tabs on me. You don’t need to have my AI
Tony’s mouth curves into a smirk, and he goes to slip the heels off, but Steve’s voice stops him.
Tony sighs, taking pity on him, and stands on his toes so that he can press his mouth to the edge of Steve’s. “I think we should see how this date goes, and then, maybe by the end of it, boyfriend might be appropriate,” he offers.
He wants to comfort him, aches even.
Steve waves a hand, dismissively. “You’ve been watching too many movies.”
James nods, his eyes focused on his feet rather than Tony’s face. “Yeah, of course.”
“I know,” he kisses him on the cheek, “I know, Steve.”
Steve’s brow knits together. “Why?” he asks, shocked, like he doesn’t think that there’s anything that Tony should feel self-conscious over.
“I’ve been married before,” she murmured.
, not because you are nothing compared to me, but because I love you, because I’m attracted to you, and I will totally have sex with you on that couch if it means proving to you just how much I am attracted to you.”
“-stubborn,” Tony finishes for her.
It ends quicker than Tony assumed it would; he thought Grant wanted to take his time, but clearly, whatever sick thrill he had gotten from Tony’s distress had dissipated eventually, and he comes, leaving a sore wash of heat inside Tony, when he withdraws. Grant gets up, looks over Tony’s naked body, the destruction he has left in his wake, and considers him with the same disinterest that one might with a corpse of someone they didn’t care about.
“You see me every day,” Tony complains. “You don’t kiss me like that unless you’re imagining bending me over.”
“Go where?”
“My, my, my, Mr. Rogers,” he drawls.
you might know him as someone else.”
“You know the deal for Jehovah’s Witnesses.”
Steve’s grin spreads across his face. “You’re saying you don’t want to?”
for us.”
“I know plenty,” James replies, easy. “I know that she has over a hundred confirmed American kills. I know that she’s one of their best, at combat, at espionage, and she’s a fucking great honeypot.”
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “What makes you think they’d get close enough?”
Tony comes out of the door and makes his way to the bow of the ship.
Tony is hot now, the sweat damp around his throat, over his brow; his skin would be red if not for the dark colour of his skin at the way that Obadiah so blatantly and so publicly talks about the parts of his body most pleasing to an alpha.
Namely, laundry.
It takes a while, but between the two of them, Tony and Steve are able to open up a cavity in that last chamber, where the sunlight was peeking through. Steve offers his hands, linked together, for Tony to put his foot on so that Steve can shove him through. Tony grunts, gripping onto the edge of the cavity, heaving himself over and onto his knees into the sweltering sun of the desert. He turns out, stretching himself out, on his stomach, his arms dangling over the edge of the cavity into the dark chamber below.
, your
That’s when the boy sees him.
Toni hesitates for an agonising moment. “I loved your daddy in a different way to how I love Steve and Bucky, but I did love him, Petey-pie.”
“So, the Syamantaka gem, the same one that the Nazis are looking for, that’s in Dwārakā?”
He enters the hall, taking a seat at the back, folding his coat around his thin, lithe body, pressing his back into the chair.
Tony slips out of the bed; he’s not shy, he doesn’t have any reason to be shy; even if Steve doesn’t find him attractive, only sees him useful as a hole to stick his cock in, he’s always been handsome, he knows that. People have wanted him since he was a child, and that want had never really faded, he knows that as well.
“I should still go.” James pauses. “I’m trying, Tony. I’m trying to be your friend. If I stay…” he looks away. “I’m scared. This is better for both of us.”
If he listens hard, he can still hear Obadiah screaming.
Tony waves his hand, dismissively. “Don’t worry about it, I know what you meant.” He pauses. “I’m not going to pretend like I’ve… completely forgiven you for what happened in Siberia,” he says, carefully, tentatively.
Tony nods. “I’m glad.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, quietly.
Howard’s face twists, and his hand flexes at his side, like he wants to strike Tony.
“Yes, yes,” Tony hisses, grinding back.
Tony nods again, his breath coming out unsteady.
“The best,” Tony says, almost dazed, as he makes his way over to the closet, walking inside until he finds his pyjamas, a pair of sweatpants and an old, faded band t-shirt that fits him like a glove.
Thank you to everyone's support, and honestly, I didn't expect everyone would like it as much as they appeared to have, but I'm not whinging about that at all!
Tony presses his fist against his hammering heart. “You were just driving by?” he asks, his voice thin.
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip. “Go ahead,” he says, lightly.
Finally, he manages to break through the wood, and Tony climbs out, cautious. He’s in the middle of an abandoned cemetery, and he’s barefoot against the dirt which clings to his skin. He starts running, without looking back, passing by gravestones with names on them.
“Shit,” Sam comments.
Steve looks at him, like he’s not quite sure of what’s happening here.
Tony cracks a half-smile. “It’s… what it is, I suppose. There are a lot of accusations running between us right now. I’m convinced that he’s having an affair, and he’s convinced that I’m having an affair, so it’s all a mess.”
Steve groans. “You are evil,” he says, breathlessly, and then, twists them with a deft move that never fails to surprise Toni, as she hits the bed on her back with a shriek.
