Dean stared at him confusedly. "It's fine, sir; it's my job."
"Then explain," said Dean, feeling inexplicably hurt by the senator's confession.
The movie finally got over all the copyright bollocks in the beginning and the opening theme of the fourth
Shortly thereafter, they were on their way to Castiel’s party’s formal event, Dean twitching nervously in the passenger seat of the Lincoln, its purring motor failing to soothe him.
"Why did some people have like pinkish envelopes when you had a blue one?"
"Oh. Thank you for explaining that."
about what happened 4 days ago...
Who did the British clown think he was? Saying Dean wouldn't think the job was important just because he was an omega. What sort of opinion was that? Being omega had been mostly to his advantage till now, people reacting to his sweet smell with protectiveness and complaisance. His father had told him that as an omega, he didn't have as many responsibilities as an alpha, not having to earn money for his family or make important decisions. He had taught him how to behave in public, being respectful to other sexes, always dressing as not to provoke hot-headed alphas and never going out alone after dark.
Dean was interrupted by his phone chirping with a text message.
and a reason they thought of. Dean really liked looking at the pictures because it allowed him to put faces to some of the words he had read, realizing that the people behind the website were real omegas with real problems.
Looking at Dean over the top of the bowl, Cas tilted the bowl toward his lips before setting it down. “Too thick.” His eyes sparkling with mischief, he feigned regret before standing up and retrieving silverware for both of them. “I guess we’ll just have to use spoons.”
?” Meg impatiently asked Dean, her brief moment of empathy apparently over with. “You ready to deal with this like an adult? Show the press what you’re made of?”
"An example of what?"
“Dean, sweetheart, one of us - you, me, John - always has an eye on the boys now,” Cas again attempted to reassure him. “And as they get older, the boys will understand better what they can and can’t do.”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean agreed.
Castiel tilted his head in a familiar gesture. "What do you mean? I thought you managed very well. You asked for her advice and she gladly gave it."
Dean gave him a small smile before turning to the fireplace. "Do you have newspapers or something?"
Bobby was quiet for a moment. "Call me Bobby," he said finally and Dean barely restrained himself from doing a little happy dance. Castiel probably didn't realize the enormity of Bobby's request but as someone who hated politicians, to be on first name basis with one...
Charlie came in a few minutes later a breathless laugh in her voice as she spoke. "You wouldn't believe the number of cars in the parking lot that have the omega symbol slapped onto a window or an omegaist flag tied to the antenna. It's crazy!"
Bobby took a shuddering deep breath. "Go home, boy. We won't be doing any more work today."
Castiel sized him up. "That's wonderful, though you might want to put on some shoes first."
Dean straightened in his seat as the door to the office opened and a tall, muscled guy with fiery red hair stepped out. He wore a grim expression on his face, and Dean hoped that meant he hadn't got the job.
was ‘tree topper’.”
The omega’s eyes narrowed, but then he decided to let it go. If Cas wanted to have a pissing contest with Bobby about who bought a better present for Dean, who was he to stop him?
Castiel raised his eyebrows. "You wanted to say 'bastard', didn't you?"
Bobby shook his head, his cap shifting. "That's crap."
Dean sighed. "Sorry, I was talking to Cas."
. He came up behind Dean and wrapped his arms around the younger man, being careful not to jostle his arm and possibly cause a culinary disaster.
Dean sat down. "Well, you remember Castiel?"
"Are you Dean? Oh what am I talking about; of course you're Dean. Come on, hop in," she rambled off and waved him in.
Castiel sniffed at Dean’s neck and inhaled. “Something smells good,” he claimed, purposefully leaving it ambiguous as to whether he meant Dean or the other tantalizing aromas.
His little brother immediately swung the door open, sizing Dean up with wild eyes. "You're mated," he noted in an awed voice.
"It's forbidden."
Clicking out of the website - after adding it to his bookmarks - Dean decided to continue his search since he was already in the middle of it. He typed in
“I’d rather have the soup.” Castiel looked avidly at the Tuscan sausage soup, from which steam was rising. “Thanks for making this for me, sweetheart.”
"Great amount of our problems come from insufficient supervision of banks, corporations and tax payments," said Cas with passion, "I understand your worry about the welfare benefits and I agree that those who can't work because of some medical or other reason are deserving of some solidarity. However, there are a great number of people who don't have a job, receive welfare and then go and work illegally so they don't have to pay taxes. Those people are literally robbing our country of money.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gave Bobby a lopsided grin. "His name is Castiel," he said, "just so you don't have to call him 'the person' because that's weird."
Sam bit his lip in thought. "Well, of course not. But it's just a song, Dean."
The were in the middle of eating breakfast when Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He had been mulling over that damned article the whole evening before, and he was on the verge of contacting that reporter and giving them a piece of his mind for posting such trash. Dean almost stood up to retrieve his tablet and do just that, but then he sagged back into a chair. A journalist who didn’t care about publishing facts would probably never listen to an omega.
Dean couldn't help the warm feeling that spread through his chest. He didn't hear that often, especially not from his father.
“Black tie?” the man inquired, apparently unfazed by Dean’s ratty attire.
"You first," commanded Dean with more courage in his voice than he had.
Dean nodded and went back to eating his food. After a few minutes of comfortable silence, he looked up. "Do you think I could ask you another political question? I mean, I know you wanted to relax and-"
“Unca Gabby!” Noah, apparently noticing his uncle for the first time, squirmed out of Dean’s hold and threw himself at his uncle. “Yous talks to Santa. Makes Santa come now!”
John sighed. "I really wish you would pour the energy you put into that into searching for a mate, Dean."
It was then that Dean felt Cas' length start to catch on his rim. He couldn't really see in between their bodies but he could imagine a bulbous knot swollen with blood and semen barely fitting into his narrow opening. It was hot and it almost brought Dean over right there.
As Dean sat on the toilet lid a couple minutes later, the innocuous plastic stick in hand, he heard excited voices coming from the telly in their living room, “... has passed through the senate! We’re rewriting history here, folks!” the news anchor exclaimed, “We are one step closer to true freedom - it's still going to be a long road but we’ve begun the journey.”
Dean huffed, pressing close to Castiel. "I'll have to think about it."
"What if I sent you a text every hour to let you know I'm all right and behaving?"
"Dean."
John apparently didn’t share his opinion, though. He swung the door open, a sour look on his face. “What are you doing ringing the bell, kid?” he questioned, “It’s not like it’s your first time here, is it?”
The omega sighed, relaxing a little.
Charlie poked her head out of her nest. "A picture?"
Dean shook his head exasperatedly. "I don't know if I can vote for you then," said Dean cheekily.
"Sorry," he murmured.
film.
“All right,” he agreed, reaching for the pouch of detergent capsules. “Just let me start this load first. Otherwise there will be ants all over the counter. I swear, Colorado was built on an anthill.” They wouldn’t be able to start using ant bait again anytime soon, he mused. Not with Aaron and-
Dean smiled. "It's not like I'll be ready to mate tomorrow; I don't really know who I am yet."
Dean reused to rise to the bait. "Whatever, Dad," he said as he pushed past the older man and headed up the stairs. "Sammy will get some pocket money from us but you'll have to live off of what you earn."
The older man's head tilted so far Dean thought it would fall off his shoulders. "I don't understand that idiom."
There was a lull in the conversation, so Dean looked at his phone to check the time. "Uh," he made a sound of hesitation, "I think I should probably go home."
Bobby shook his head at him fondly. "I doubt that. Now go back to work, boy, I don't pay you for gossip."
The teenager shrugged. “Maybe, but it feels right. I feel like it might be my second shot at a happy family, you know?”
Dean rolled his eyes. "No idea," he snapped and ran up the stairs to lock himself in his room. He wasn't in the mood for one of John's lectures about proper omega behaviour. It always sounded as if omegas were supposed to be nice and sweet-smelling all the time, regardless of their actual mood.
John had never told him that as an omega, he wouldn't be able to get a job as a mechanic, which had been his dream occupation since he was six and watched his father change the Impala's spark plugs for the first time.
Dean put the bottle on their coffee table and frowned at it. “That’s not a good idea,” he muttered. “My dad is addicted to the stuff.”
Castiel nodded. "Yes, in our state it is. Not by much however."
"You're rambling."
Castiel winced slightly at the word. "Ah, actually," he cleared his throat, "I'm not an omegaist."
Castiel altered his tempo appropriately, grunting from exertion. Dean watched a bead of sweat dripping down the side of his lover’s neck and fought an inner battle not to lick it off. He lost, but he ended up being grateful for it because Castiel seemed to go a little wild at the feeling of Dean's tongue against his skin. The older man bucked into him, his movements becoming jerky for a while, causing Dean to come down from the edge a little bit. Guessed all that talk about regular and consistent thrusts was true, thought Dean, in which case it was time to try something on his own.
Dean immediately searched out the Mustang. "Did you really just call a seventies Ford Mustang a box of metal?" he yelled after his friend.
The stench of alcohol and vomit assaulted their noses as soon as they were indoors. After quickly checking the kitchen and living room, Dean headed towards the stairs, where he found John collapsed at the bottom, face down in a puddle of puke. “Dad!” he exclaimed worriedly, turning his dad’s head so he could breathe better.
Castiel hummed but didn't say anything else.
Dean was still thinking about what he had read when he was cooking breakfast the next morning. He had learnt a lot of things his father never bothered to tell him. About how omegas earned only seventy cents to every alpha's dollar; how they couldn’t work certain jobs, like for example join the military because they were considered too weak; how they used to be kept as sex slaves hundreds of years ago; and how some alphas still felt they were entitled to any unmated omega they encountered.
Dean shrugged. "Maybe not, but what if you didn't have me? What if you didn't have an omega brother? What would you think then?"
Tapping on the online news icon, Dean pulled up the politics section. He was scrolling through the articles when something caught his attention - there, in the middle of the page, was Castiel’s name.
“Bobby won’t know what’s hit him,” Dean chuckled.
Dean immediately stood up, nodding his head enthusiastically and trying not to show that the beta scared him, while the other guy had no such scruples. He just ran off.
"Why?" asked the redhead, glancing out of the same window in confusion.
Dean thought about it. "Sure? Just, why would you want to spend time with me if we're not going to mate?"
They separated after a few minutes of necking. "Still okay?" asked Cas.
go check on Dad?” Dean suggested.
Bobby pointed towards the backyard. "I have a bunch of totalled cars back there that I need to take apart. If you think there's something salvageable, call me and we'll discuss it. Sometimes even though it would be technically possible, you can't get hold of the proper parts."
He stood up, excusing himself quietly, and looked around to see if he could locate the senator and tell him their conversation would have to wait until he got some good night's sleep but when he did find him, the guy was crowded by a group of adoring omegas and Dean didn't feel like interrupting.
To his surprise, Dean found himself smiling when Meg declared with a wink, “Well done, boy. Today’s lesson went much more smoothly than last time.”
“Who’re you to tell me I don’t have a right to decide if my mate keeps our sprog or not? It’s mine too!” a heckler yelled.
"Yeah?"
?” he repeated, laughing so hysterically that he could hardly stand.
“Well,” Cas commented drily, “at least they got the part about us being mated right. Sensationalist reporters don’t much care about the facts.”
Rufus grunted. "You ever seen one of those pearly teeth advertisements?"
, he typed in and winced at the formality of it. He might have just as well called him a senator. Then again, wasn't that what they were to each other now? Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester - nothing more, nothing less?
John huffed. “Hi,” he grunted. “What do you want? You have that look on your face.”
Castiel groaned. “I don’t know what possessed Meg to bring those over.”
Dean nodded. "Not really," he said, chuckling at his contradictory answer.
The dam broke. "It's just that... Now that you're mated, it's going to be different. You're going to leave me alone with Dad and you're going to be living in a nice house and you're not going to visit and you're going to forget all about me and I don't want that," the youngster rambled.
Dean racked his brain for some numbers. His own salary was the minimum wage, so that wasn't the problem, and he had the feeling that his dad had taken welfare benefits when he was in between jobs few years ago.
Later that day, after he came home from work, he checked up on Sam who rolled his eyes at his hovering, telling Dean to go about his business.
Dean nodded, going back upstairs to check on Sam. He found him sitting up in his bed, tapping away on their laptop, his cheeks red and his eyes watery from fever.
issue down even if it killed him, and the first step was to put together a list of things he had to work on in order to be a good mate to Castiel.
Dean sighed in contentment, once again searching out Charlie's picture. He wanted to memorize what she looked like so that he would recognize her easily the next day.
He really had been obsessing, Dean realised. Way more than he usually would. For the first time, it occurred to him that it might partly be his hormones running amok.
"Of course not. I-" Sam paused to clear his throat. "I read about the omega discrimination and I'm sorry if you ever felt unequal to oth-" Sam had to break off as he got caught in a coughing fit.
When he saw the mass of bodies leaving the lounge room and heading outside though, he took a deep breath to build up his courage and went with them. He remembered to send a text to his father again before he left though.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not really.” Dean was still uncertain but he hadn’t been charged or anything, so ‘accused’ seemed a little strong. “I mean, a couple of detectives showed up at the hospital. They talked to me and to the ER doctor who treated Aaron, but that was it. Before the police left, they told me they were satisfied that no crime had been committed and that I didn’t pose a danger to my child. I think that’s what was going in their report.”
Castiel growled again and before Dean could even contemplate being embarrassed about his body's reaction, Cas licked the thick, opaque liquid up.
Castiel slid his hands to Dean's butt, cradling each cheek in one hand before spreading them a little to give access to his searching tongue. Dean felt a wet warmth sliding down his crack and let out his first real moan.
"Anglerfish," noted Castiel; "they lure their pray in with the light."
chubby - although he kinda was - and because he most definitely was not a
Dean blushed but leaned closer, leaning his chin on his hand. "Really? How do you feel about me?"
“You said it wasn’t working properly,” the politician argued.
“Here,” Dean instantly responded, “take mine. I can put together another one in two shakes of a lamb’s tail.”
Hoping his hair wasn’t too gross and that his body odour wouldn’t escape the confines of his robe, Dean inhaled the fresh, minty scent of whatever shampoo Charlie had used, comforted by his friend’s nearness. He wouldn’t have thought he’d want company, but having Charlie and Gabe here was… nice.
Other than a vague thought that Bobby shouldn’t be here, Dean didn’t notice the two men, all his attention on his sons.
His mate leaned back in his chair, sticking out his long legs under the table and reaching beneath his belt buckle to undo the fastener at the top of his slacks. “Good thing the cake isn’t till tomorrow,” he observed. “I’ll need the night to digest.” He smiled at Dean. “That really was delicious; I may have overdone it a little.”
Bobby brightened. "You kidding, boy? Bring him around; we'll see if he's able to be around all the dirt without getting squeamish."
"Of course," said Dean immediately. "Wait a second. I'll think of something."
Once John had settled into a chair at the kitchen table, Dean handed Noah back to his dad, the older man looking rather comical with a toddler perched on each thigh. The omega grinned at his sons, who appeared to be playing their own version of pat-a-cake, their hands patting their Gumpy’s cheeks more often than they clapped each other’s palms.
Hello to those who are still reading this story. We’re  made up to say that we have established the final number of chapters - as some of you might've already noticed - so at least you know what to expect. We hope you like this chapter :)
"About Castiel?"
After lunch, Dean was sitting behind the front desk, manning the phone and writing up the online reservations into their paper planner for Bobby. His boss wasn't exactly a fan of computers, and while knowing it was necessary, he didn't want to have anything to do with them.
The other man tilted his head. "As long as I don't have to wear Batman pyjamas," he said, his face straight.
John stood up, patting Dean's head. "And make sure to present yourself well so that a respectable alpha notices you. If you behave like your common hobo, only poor and desperate alphas will take interest in you."
Cas chuckled, “I
Well, it was ham sandwiches for John and Sam's dinner then. Dean rushed to the kitchen, quickly pulling out the ingredients he needed, even managing to find some nice cherry tomatoes in the back of the fridge. He slathered some bread with mustard, shoved slices of ham and cheese in between two pieces and then threw some washed tomatoes next to the sandwiches. That being done, he quickly ran upstairs so he could shower and dress in something appropriate.
“Nah, they’re good,” his dad replied. While helping the boys scramble around so that they were astride his thighs, facing the table, he playfully quipped, “Are you trying to butter me up?” pointing at the sweets with his chin.
Where, the young omega wondered, was- His question was answered before it was fully formed, another similarly clad child, this one in a sunny yellow tee peeking at him from behind the sofa. “Dadada,” Aaron shrieked, leaving his hiding place and unsteadily weaving his way toward Dean.
Dean nodded. "Probably," he said, while thinking the complete opposite. Castiel didn't seem like an alpha to enjoy so much attention.
As the young man approached his father, he was astonished to realize that the usual eau de booze was missing. Another thing he couldn’t recall - when John last hadn’t reeked of alcohol. “Dad,” he asked tentatively, “what are you doing?”
The alpha slowly put his now empty glass on the coffee table before turning to Dean more fully. "Come here, Dean," he said, his voice raspy and low.
Dean watched warily as John led Cas into their living room.
Jo snorted but the derisive sound turned into an honest laugh after a moment. "You should've seen your face, honey!"
Reflexively, he began tightening around his mate’s knot, heightening the pleasure for both of them. If Dean were actually able to think at this point, he’d laugh about how worried he once was about what he was supposed to do in bed - how to help Cas climax. All the information out there had made it sound so complicated, when it came down to a basic, natural reaction that just took a little bit of practice.
Castiel took his jacket from him and hung it along with his coat on a subtle row of hooks next to the front door. "I'm glad you think so."
"Please, Dean-o, he knows better than to expect me to keep secrets. He must've known I would tell you."
He opened a new text message, quickly typing before he could change his mind.
"Not in those exact words, hopefully," muttered the politician.
Dean grinned. “It is. I mean, it’s not exactly like the one my dad has and it’s not working properly, but it’s brilliant and Bobby said I could work on it any time I wanted to.”
"Who was that?" asked John, suspicious.
Dean grinned. "Of course, it's a good thing you're fighting for."
Cas leaned back. "Are you sure?"
Dean shrugged, remembering having read about the problem. "It's not prosecutable though."
into the search bar, hoping for a miracle. He didn't really expect anyone to give him instructions on how to be a confident and independent person who knew where he was going in life, and he didn't get it. There were a lot of articles talking about how everyone should find themselves in order to live a fulfilling life and there were - unsurprisingly - articles about how omegas should learn their place and purpose in life.
Dean blushed. "No, I haven't met anyone worth it."
He stroked his palm up the shaft experimentally and stared in astonishment as it grew in his hand.
“What? Did’ya think I was lying?” Dean jested.
"Maybe you should. What if he really thinks you are talking to him only because of his money? Shouldn't you explain?"
Dean was once again overwhelmed. "I don't know, Cas. I don't know what to pick."
Although Dean had been in the ambulance for the journey from Bobby’s garage, he wasn’t allowed to stay with Aaron. The stretcher, which dwarfed his son’s small frame, had been removed from the ambulance and wheeled deeper into the bowels of the ER, while Dean was ushered over to the intake desk to provide the details about what had happened and tender his insurance card.
A discussion about what it meant to be a good parent broke out after that, while Dean stuffed another caviar canapé into his mouth. It was gonna be a long evening still…
Castiel's eyes brightened. "You are interested in me?"
"Tomorrow. Roman wanted to make it a priority since some of our senators are on a business trip to Canada and the Conservatives will have an even greater advantage than usual."
Those were hardly typical questions from his practical husband. Castiel normally accepted how things were and then worked to change them for the better; he didn’t usually entertain what ifs.
They entered the room, Dean walking up to the person responsible for letters U to Z and showing him his ID and a voting pass. The guy nodded, crossed out his name from the list with a bored expression and asked him if he had his ballot with him or if he needed a new one.
"...hope you're serious, boy," came Bobby's voice and Dean rolled his eyes. Castiel was certainly no boy but Bobby had his own opinions.
All right, Dean could imagine that being true. Still, he couldn't imagine why the Conservatives' plan was wrong. "What's wrong about the government itself giving money to hospitals though?"
Yes I did cut it right there, sue me :)
Dean took a deep breath, deleting the name and writing a new one.
Propping himself up against the pillows, Dean reached into the nightstand, pulled out the box he’d prepared earlier this afternoon and handed it to his mate.
The television shut off and Dean turned to look at Bobby, who was clutching the remote in his hand.
“Maybe you should call social services on him,” Bobby advised carefully. “I’m sure he wouldn’t like getting regular visits from the county ‘do-gooders’; it might force him to go into rehab.”
Dean shrugged. "Well, that teaches you not to leave money where people can nick it."
Dean looked at Rufus hesitantly. "What exactly is objectifying? I mean, I hear people talk about it but do you have some examples?"
"I don't care about your pretty words, boy; come in the garage with me and show me what you can do."
“Okay,” the omega whispered, pecking Cas’ lips once more before shutting the door to the garage behind him. He knew, though, that he wouldn’t be able to relax until the voting was over and that he’d be discouraged if the Voting Bill didn’t pass.
that had caused him such anguish a week ago.
I am here with another chapter (I know, most of you probably thought I was dead) and I'm really so sorry for the delay. I feel really bad for letting all of you think that I have abandoned this story but I had literally too much work on my hands. I have to write three thesis this year (I have just finished one, so I had a spot of time to write this chapter) and it's taking up most of my free time.
Sammy looked at his brother doubtfully. “I’ve never heard Dad say that.”
Dean smiled at her enthusiasm and went to do as he’d been told. Five minutes and six tries later, they came back into the room when Charlie was finally happy with the resulting photo.
“Bye, Dad,” the omega told a determined-looking John, who hadn’t flinched when he found out the detox program took thirty to forty-five days at a minimum, the more difficult cases sometimes even stretching up to ninety days.
"Kinda, yeah. We're trying the whole relationship thing."
Dean quickly pulled out his phone and realized that yes, it was almost five and he hadn't sent a text to his father yet. He noticed with a relieved sigh that John hadn't yet tried to get in touch with him, so he shot off a quick, apologetic text saying he was all right and that they had just arrived at the hotel and not to worry.
“Yeah,” Sammy quavered, “but hurry, okay?”
“Yeah?” Sammy queried tentatively, as if afraid the answer would change if he accepted it too readily.
Dean nodded. "Yeah. I want to be able to work and I want people to take me seriously. I want them to see me as a person, not just a hole to stick your knot in."
Grabbing his tablet from the bedside table, Dean went to look at the bus schedule. He’d go and visit over the weekend.
. Now that was burned into his-
“Uh, nothing, a couple things from the market,” the flustered omega stuttered as he greeted the two of them. He was glad he had actually grabbed a couple of items at the farmers’ market and dropped the bag with the pregnancy test inside; it looked much less suspicious that way.
He was in his room, having come home from work a few minutes ago, a bag of burgers and chips on the bed next to him because he couldn't be bothered to cook dinner. He sighed heavily, leaning back into his pillows.
Sam’s chair scraped on the tile floor as he stood, croaking, “But where will I live then?”
Cas pushed Dean’s hair back from his forehead. “I couldn’t have found a better mate, you know.”
"I'm interested... in you," said Dean quietly, avoiding Castiel's eyes, staring at his own lap instead. They were sitting on a park bench on a warm evening, their bodies twisted to face each other, Dean's knee bent to rest against the backrest.
The younger man looked up, searching his husband’s face. Was Castiel calling his dad a
“Idiots.” Cas shrugged dismissively. “Someone must have seen us at the rehab clinic when John checked himself in two days ago. They don’t have a clue that we were accompanying your father, so they’re accusing you of being an alcoholic and a drug addict, to boot.”
He looked around the yard and walked over to a pile of scrunched up metal that could've been a pretty sweet Mercedes convertible from the eighties. He looked it over, inspecting the frame, the wheel sway bars and the brakes - determining what parts would be easily replaced and what parts were done in. Sadly, the frame of the Mercedes was so bent out of shape they would literally have to get a new one, which was a stupid idea.
"Of course!" Dean said quickly before sighing. "I will make sure you can visit, Sammy. Cas is a good guy; he won't keep me away from you."
“Can Sam stay with you for a bit longer?” John inquired. “I won’t be fit for him to be around for a while yet.”
.” She restlessly tapped the toe of one designer shoe against the kitchen tile.
Castiel nodded. "You need to establish yourself as a full-fledged human being before you become a part of a relationship."
Dean blushed. "Yeah but I don't actually think that, so I didn't want to offend you."
His brain clouded by a sudden surge of desire, Dean barely even heard the question. He fumbled as he tried to set the time for the green beans, hastily cancelling the forty minutes that he’d just accidentally entered.
"I didn't know omegas could even go outside after dark until recently. My dad always made it sound as if it was forbidden."
Dean stared up at the façade of his childhood house, trying to find the bottle to ring the doorbell. He needed to talk to his father about perhaps checking into some sort of clinic for addicts, but he knew it wasn’t going to be an easy chat. In fact, he would be lucky if he didn’t get thrown out on his ear. After listening to Gabe’s story the other day, though, Dean felt like he needed to at least try and get John into rehab.
"Yeah," sighed Dean, not completely sure what had just happened and not certain whether he was all right with it. Before either of them could say anything else, the others returned with fresh popcorn and some candied ginger. It was going to be a very long night.
“No, of course not!” the older man immediately assured him. “I didn’t mean to put a damper on your mood. I
He spoke to Charlie about her hacking skills - more just listened, really - and how she used them to bother some annoying alphaists who keep sending her hate mail.
The omega didn't resist his instinct to envelop the distraught boy in his arms. "Sammy," he whispered in his brother's ear, "you know I could never forget you. I'm going to visit you a lot, I promise. And you can come visit too, you know? I'm sure Cas would be able to find you a nice room in his nice house so you could sleep over."
A charming grin was shot the camera's way.
“The kids are bunking down at the old house,” Dean revealed, “having an adventure.”
The alpha tilted his head, squinting at Dean.
"Of course I am, Mr Singer," came the calm reply. "I wouldn't have started anything was that not the case."
Dean perked up. "So you never saw them?"
“Yes?” Megan zeroed in on that. “What did they say? Did you see who said it?”
. While this also got him a fair share of alpha rants, Dean also came upon a few web pages containing omega rights articles. He clicked on a link for Wikipedia's page on something called
,” Dean protested, cringing at the way his voice came out in a whine. He sounded like the teenager he’d never really been, what with raising Sammy while John spent his time in a drunken stupor - something that was no longer the case, thankfully.
When Castiel went so far as to ladle some of the Tuscan sausage and bean brew into the dish in front of him and raise the bowl to his mouth, he gaped in astonishment. Was his mate actually going to try consuming the soup like that?
Dean watched the confused expression on the older man's face and felt like an idiot. Did he really have to say that?
“Great,” the older brother muttered sarcastically, eyes flitting over the search engine results page. It looked like the journalists had managed to find out Dean’s name. It felt weird seeing it written next to Cas’ photos and in the titles of tabloid articles.
“Yeah, they’re expecting cake,” Dean agreed. “I thought I’d get up early and make a carrot cake.”
arguing with Cas, and it would probably never feel comfortable, but he could see an upside in it now.
the internet, Bobby. It's not a book."
Jo turned in her seat. "I'm bringing two whole bags full of booze so we'll be having a lot of fun, I can promise you that."
Bobby smiled for the first time since he’d met him. "Dean. When can you start, Dean?"
"Sure there are ambitious omegas that choose career over their children but should we really be supporting that? Ever since the beginning of humankind, omegas were always those to stay at home and care for children - they are genetically predetermined to do that. So the question is, should we support omegas running away from their responsibilities and undermining the family unit as we know it?"
“But nothing,” Cas insisted. “You don’t blame Bobby, do you?
The omega sighed. "You just ruined my surprise, bitch."
His boss pointed a finger at him. “You think you’re up to it?”
Cas came up to him, putting his arm around his shoulders and squeezing him to his side, seemingly not caring Dean's jumpsuit was stained with motor oil. "I haven't had much time to look around yet," he said, pressing a dry kiss to the side of his head, "but I'm positive that if you show me around, I'll like it enough. Are there any vintage cars around here? I might like to see those."
The omega jumped up from the couch, stepping over to the gift box. “Can I open it?”
“Be that as it may,” Cas interjected, “it sounds cute coming from you, Dean.” He then leaned down to kiss the omega sweetly. Dean pressed himself closer, prolonging the contact.
Dean's mind settled itself on the idea of mating with Cas so forcefully, it was no longer really a question but there would have to be some rules put down. Castiel couldn’t really expect Dean to always vote for him or with him.
"This is serious, Gabe," Dean hissed. "You shouldn't be telling me what your brother trusted you to keep a secret."
Castiel didn't manage even such a short word in return, grunting heavily instead as he pushed a little bit more.
The omega inhaled deeply, trying to gain control over his wayward emotions. As he exhaled, he admitted, “I know. You’re right. Sam’s going to need me.”
Dean scowled in anger and disappointment but managed to shake hands with the man nonetheless and leave with his head held high. Let the other men in the plastic chairs think he got the job.  He walked out, heading for the closest bus stop.
It took a lot more concentration than it ought to have but after a few tries Dean managed to squeeze his internal muscles around Castiel's length, forcing another sound of ecstasy out of the older man.
He stood up. "Yeah?"
Then he paused, his thoughts skidding to a stop. Wasn't he just as bad though? He never once even thought about how omegas were treated before he got thrown out of that interview. He saw pretty little omegas in lingerie on every other billboard; he heard about omegas mating rich alphas because their family was in a pickle; he read about omegas who got raped and the culprit was never caught. Dean felt bile rise up in his throat.
Castiel took them off.
How many of those children would poison themselves more than once? Dean wondered bitterly. How many of the ones who swallowed window cleaner also downed perfume - and then something much worse than either of those - in less than a year? He was certain those numbers would be way less than his wild estimate. Dean only bit back the urge to spew those questions at his husband because Castiel already blamed himself for not realising that Aaron had got into Meg’s handbag, and Dean didn’t want to make him feel worse. Besides, if he’d kept a better eye on Aaron after the situation with the Windex, the thing with Meg’s perfume wouldn’t have happened.
"Hi Gabe," he told the man when he sat down next to him on the lake's shore.
Dean burst out laughing.
“It’s pretty normal for something like that to raise a red flag,” Meg calmly observed. “What if - instead of being the father - you were one of the medical professionals who tended to Aaron? Wouldn’t you want it checked into?”
“From Manuel? Far more curses than actual tennis,” joked the coach as she left the house.
Gabe started laughing, clutching at his stomach. “You should’ve seen your face. Honey, if you got any more red, you’d be a tomato! I can’t believe how easily embarrassed you are.”
"So, uh, what do you want to do now?"
Dean looked in the refrigerator to see whether all the ingredients were there to make Spaghetti Carbonara. Cooking for Castiel was such a pleasure since the man didn’t expect or demand it. There was also plenty of money for all sorts of fresh ingredients. With their forays into different types of cuisine, Dean had discovered various different dishes he wanted to try his hand at preparing, so it was good that Castiel was willing to be his taste tester. And if those taste tests sometimes led to other activities? Dean had no complaints whatsoever.
Bobby shrugged. “I had something I wanted to ask John. The man knows a thing or two about cars.”
"Uh... flipping ugly?"
Castiel was talking. “You’d better straighten up,” he warned. “I won’t forgive you if Dean - or Sam - is hurt again.”
Dean sighed as he brought them to a halt. "Cas, a relationship without trust doesn't work."
Castiel grunted. "Thank you for the sympathy, Dean; it was a very unpleasant experience."
interested. The man was very attractive after all - Dean didn't have to be interested in a relationship to see that - as well as intelligent.
“You ready?” Castiel recalled Dean’s wandering attention as he positioned himself at the omega’s opening.
Bemused, Dean stared after her,
A few seconds later, the Colorado Springs
The omega was glued to the TV, listening as his mate declared, “Every human being should have the right to decide for themselves what to do with their own body; abortion is a basic healthcare right that shouldn’t require anyone else’s consent other than the mother’s. The fact that today’s omegas and betas require the assent of their alpha to-”
Dean rolled his eyes. "He's not going to die if we don't give him any money, Cas; he's just being dramatic."
Bobby rolled his eyes, huffing quietly. "That's why people date, Dean. There's no need for hasty mating after the first date."
"I talked to Sammy a few days ago," Dean heard himself say during a lull in the conversation.
Castiel smiled before leaning in again, this time kissing his cheek, and his jaw, and his neck, and his- Oh, the hollow of his throat was a really good place to be kissed.
It really could, Dean realised. He and Cas had left only the lightest traces of food on the dishes; you’d almost think they’d licked the bowls clean.
"They started shoving each other; the guy trying to bite her neck, the girl defending herself. I, uh, I looked around to see if anyone was going to help her but people just stared at them in disinterest and no one tried to do anything."
When he returned home an hour later, having ridden with Gabe and Castiel in the Mustang since Charlie wanted to spend the rest of the day with her girlfriend, he found both his dad and Sam sitting on the living room couch.
Dean rolled his eyes at that. No change of heart, my ass, he thought.
The occupants of the car didn't really seem surprised. They could smell he wasn't mated and while it could've been possible for him to be dating someone and not be mated to them, it wasn't very common once a person presented.
Dean had let out a sigh of relief at that, before he went about preparing his lunch to pack for work. He made himself a cucumber sandwich, wrapped it in a paper napkin and put it in his messenger bag. Right before he left, he gave the living room one last once-over, hoping he hadn't missed a beer can or a chip underneath the couch or something. Satisfied that everything was in order, he left for work.
The omega frowned. What was the problem, indeed. Castiel had offered to help John - in fact, he had urged Dean to give his father the money he needed. So why was Dean so hesitant to ask him to pay for John’s therapy? Surely, his mate would be all right with it after offering help in the first place? The omega sighed, considering the situation. Maybe he was hesitant to go against Castiel’s wishes. His alpha had wanted to pay for the upkeep of the Winchester house; shouldn’t he listen to him and do as he had said?
"Absolutely not," said John that evening when Dean relayed his wish to spend the night in a different city in order to meet up with some Internet friends. He hadn't told him in was an Omega Rights meeting, though he didn't want to inspect closely the reason why.
am the one who does all that. Sammy probably won’t even notice you’re gone.”
“Pup!” Meg snapped her fingers, her aggravation plain.
Castiel nodded before turning them to the right a little bit, so that Dean's back was to the bed. "Very well," he muttered and pushed him slowly towards the large bed, all the while looking into his eyes intently, as if gauging if Dean really liked what was happening. And Dean did. He was nervous as hell and he felt his insides clench in apprehension but there was also pleasant heat pooling in his stomach and blood rushing past his ears in an overwhelming arousal.
Dean watched the senator open the crisps and was struck by how weird it was to watch a US senator he had seen on the TV just the other day eat crisps.
“It’s meant to be a mating present,” Dean hesitantly offered.
He didn't count on meeting Castiel, who as much as he was pro omega rights probably wouldn't want a mate like Dean. A mate who wanted to work instead of popping out children.
“Gabe?” the omega squeaked out. “You scared me to death, you muppet! I thought you were a mating tortoise.”
His tongue lingered for a moment at the spot where Dean’s wedding ring - a simple platinum band - rested, tracing the curve of the band. “So, you ready to stop obsessing and forgive yourself, love?”
Gabe was certainly a character.
And it wasn't just omegas, he had found out in surprise; there were a number of betas and even alphas fighting for equal rights as well. There was a picture of an alpha woman holding a sign with the words ‘I need omegaism because school taught my son to think of himself as an object,’ which hit Dean particularly hard. He could imagine his mother in place of the blonde woman holding a similar sign, fighting for Dean's rights and being proud of every little accomplishment.
“I love you too,” Castiel replied. “Now, stop stressing, sweetheart.”
Castiel's smile softened. "Me neither. Not really. But I have also never felt the way I feel about you."
And Cas needs it to stop. He can’t breathe. He can’t think. There is only the insistent thought: Dean, Dean,
He told Dean. He
Cas looks a little younger – not so tired and worn down by everything that had gone wrong. He looks like warmth and home and comfort.
, Dean thinks.
He’s optimistic and dumb and he wants to be wanted. He wants to hold out hope.
. He never noticed these things. Never stopped to smell the roses. It wasn’t because he didn’t want to. He had wanted to. So deeply. So much that it hurt because he had wanted to have all of these things. More than four hours of sleep at a time. A body that didn’t ache from old injuries. A mind that isn’t burdened by memories of real and terrible things. He’d wanted domesticity - as embarrassing as that sounded.
It huffs a dramatic sigh. “That was quite something, wasn’t it?”-
It’s a gentle, slow exploration of the touch: something new that’s been wanted for so long. It’s the steadying breath after a storm. It’s returning home after being gone for too long. Castiel is warm; his lips are soft and wanting. There is no ferocity, no urgent passion. Only the delicate press of their lips and the sharing of breath after years of being breathless.
They don’t move; only pull apart enough to break the kiss. They just continue to hold each other, and Dean’s thumbs trace Cas’ face. Cas is smiling that soft, crooked smile, his head slightly tilted to one side.
Dean flashes a nearly imperceptible
Dean had been seventeen and had run into a cute guy named Steve, a few years older with shockingly blonde hair. And Dean was young and horny and they’d barely introduced themselves before they were making out behind the dilapidated Dairy Queen where Dean was supposed to meet up with John.
There was something almost funny about what Mary had said. “Angels are watching over you.” Of course, when she said that to her baby boy, she likely didn’t anticipate her son growing up to die brutally, be literally pulled from hell by the predicted Angel, and end up falling in love with the stupid fucker and not be able to do anything about it. Because again - Angel.
They chat for a little while. Or maybe a long while. There’s no real way to know how time is passing except the light outside is fading. The Roadhouse is packed; there’s so much activity and excitement and energy. John wants to know how Dean went. He is  unimpressed by the answer and does little to hide it.
Sam sniffs and looks down, his hands fidgeting in his lap. He rests an elbow against the car door. “She was alright. I mean, her health wasn’t the best.” He sniffs again. Looks out the window, taking in heaven’s scenery. It’s both familiar and prettier than anything they’d known. “I’m sure she’ll be disappointed she wasn’t with me when I… died. But she was asleep. She’d been with me for days and just needed a little nap.” Sam laughs, but it’s short and mirthless. “Of course, that’s the moment I decide to die.” He rubs his jaw again, almost nervously. “God, it feels so weird talking about my own death, Dean.”
“Dean.”
-“Dean wanted you at that moment,” Meg drawls, pleased. “He wanted to feel wanted. He wanted you to hold him tightly and kiss him with your mouth open in that stupid car. And you didn’t do it. You rejected him.”
him. All this time… he had felt this way for Dean – this constant, ravenous hunger to be near him and to have him and to protect him – and he hadn’t even known what it was he was feeling. Cas huffs at his own foolishness. Being an angel meant he wasn’t supposed to feel these things, but he
"Yes?" He can just make out Cas' voice through the thick walls.
he gestures.
“Profound bond?” John asks.
Dean and Mary stand still, almost surprised to see each other. “Hi, Dean.”
Sam had shut up.
Now Meg’s body walks steadily toward him once more, face pouting and eyes heavy lidded. “You would be in the bedroom next to his, and he would imagine you knocking on his door”-
Eternity. It’s a long time.
"Cas?" Dean says aloud - to Jack, to the sky, to the fucking sun, to anything that will listen. "Cas, how could you fuckin' do this to me, man? You were supposed to be my friend." He brushes away the tear that's tickling his upper lips. He's sad.
He doesn’t know what he wants right now.
”What makes you say that, Sam? I mean,” he chuckles, wanting to be nonchalant, “we do have a profound bond, ya know. Dude pulled me outta hell.”
A smile tugs at his lips thinking about Jack. They’d defeated Chuck about six months ago. And he had tried, with Sam’s encouragement, to be happy and fulfilled. He really had tried. But he couldn’t.
It cups his cheek, caressing gently. “Oh, yes. I know things. I know lots of things. Dean loved you, Castiel. And you’ve broken his heart.” The hand on his jaw turns rigid, grasping his face painfully and forcing him to meet Meg’s eyes. “Dean is alive. But he will never be happy. He will never move on from you, Castiel. You’ve ruined him by saving him,” it mocks.
Dean shrugs Sam's hand off his shoulder a little too forcefully and stands up, walking away from the table. "And what have I got to be happy about, huh?" he yells.
Trying to keep this as canon compliant as possible.
And Cas tries to reach out, but his entire body is filled with burning light and pain. He tries to close his eyes, and the Empty forces his them open. He wants to step out of the memory and into the past and grab Dean by the neck and kiss him and taste him and tell him he wants Dean more than he’s ever wanted anything.
It takes him a few minutes to cry it out. Then a few more to steady his breaths. He needs to get back - Sam is probably worried about him, and it's not fair to make Sam anxious after everything they've been through.
Somehow, they silently agree to lean forward once more, mouths touching tentatively. But when Dean parts his lips to breathe, Cas opens his mouth in response, and Dean isn’t going to turn this opportunity down. His grip on Cas’ neck and jaw tightens and he pulls him as close as skin and bones will allow – but Dean still wants closer. They grip at each other fiercely. Share breath and space. Dean’s chest feels warm and full and his entire body is humming. And his brain only manages one fleeting thought:
"Dude, just listen for a minute!" Sam pushed his hair out of his face and took a deep breath. "We've got a lot of life ahead of us, Dean." He paused again, staring at Dean until he got some eye contact. Dean glowered at him but met his gaze. "And every major obstacle is out of the way. We're good now, dude. This is what you've always wanted. We can actually live our lives." Sam took another breath, then reached out to pat Dean's shoulder. "We can all try to be happy. And talking to a girl like Martha is a decent place to start."
Dean can’t breathe.
“Holy shit,” Sam exclaims again. “Jack got Cas out and they made this new heaven together? I never saw that coming, man. I thought Cas was gone for good.” Sam rubs his jaw, maintaining that old habit even in death. “Have you seen either of them yet?”
Dean’s smile grew a little stronger as he shuffled into the kitchen. He loved the name they’d come up with for John, although not nearly as much as his dad did. John got a twinkle in his eye whenever he heard it. Neither he nor John knew which of the twins had invented the name, both of the boys shrieking “Gumpy!” pretty much simultaneously one afternoon when his dad was playing hide-and-seek with them.
"But why wouldn't you want to be associated with equality?"
percent of all omegas work and actually give back to our society. Why should we - as people who earn money to take care of our families - pay for their education if they're not going to use it? Don't get me wrong, I'm all for equal opportunities but unless omegas can work as hard as we do and earn just as much money as we do, I can't justify us paying for something they don't use or need.
Dean could feel arousal coiling in his belly. “For dessert?” he asked, a naughty gleam in eyes.
Dean let out an embarrassed laugh, admitting, “It does seem like a long time since breakfast.”
There was a beat of silence before Bobby let out a deep laugh. "Look at that, you do know how to be a normal person. Now only if you learned to speak like it too."
“Calm down, pet,” Megan commanded. “They don’t have the votes. It’s mainly just the same fringe that has always been against giving omegas-”
"I can't imagine who goes to the doctor just to chat," remarked Dean in between bites.
“But I don’t want people to think that I’m an airhead,” Dean protested. “It’s like I’m being held up as an example of how omegas can’t think for themselves and shouldn’t have rights of their own.”
Dean smiled sheepishly. "Sorry. Just, I need to be myself first."
A faint flush on his cheeks, Dean mumbled, “You have
“That sandwich is very large,” Castiel commented when they finally parted to draw in some much-needed air and Dean blushed in embarrassment at having exchanged such a passionate kiss in from of Sam. The politician, unflustered as always, continued, “Why don’t we share it, and then you can make another if it’s not enough?”
The older man laughed even though he still didn't seem convinced. Apparently cute little fish that were not really fish weren’t Castiel's favourite thing. Dean stared at the starfish for a few more moments before taking hold of Castiel's hand and tugging him over to the piranha tank.
“Then what’s wrong?” asked the omega, turning off the cooker and turning to fully face the other man.
Two hours later of constant oil changes, spark plug repairs and similar chores, Dean had a job.
Wait.
He was waiting for a job interview at the local auto shop, hoping to get his first real job after he finished school the year before. He was nineteen, and despite his father telling him that he didn't have to worry about money because Sammy would soon be old enough to pull his weight and Dean would be able to stay home so he could care about the household, Dean wanted something else to do. He had always been interested in cars, helping his father numerous times to fix the beautiful black Impala that Sammy would get if he presented as an alpha.
Now, as he shut the door to the house behind him, he was about to call out for his dad, when he suddenly espied a giggling, chubby-legged toddler waddling into the living room, moving along at a pretty good clip. Next, he spotted John duckwalking behind the child, who was attired in only a diaper and a bright blue tee. His dad pretended to grab for the little one, letting out a cry of mock outrage when he intentionally missed. The tyke squealed in glee, tottering along a little faster.
"You just don't get it," grumbled Dean, already feeling a bit stupid for his mithering.
Charlie gave him a smile and half stood to grab the teapot, which had steam coming out of its spout. “Thanks, Dean-cess. How about a top-up?” she asked a couple beats later, once her mug was full. “Looks like you’re reading the tea leaves.”
Dean was stunned. "I have to admit," he said, "you really know how to talk. Are you trying some political agenda on me or something?" he asked jokingly.
Cas shook his head as if to clear his head. "Nothing, I was just admiring you."
"Yeah, okay. Just, give me some time to gather my thoughts."
"I'm going to prepare you a bit more, all right?" Castiel said breathlessly, sliding his slightly trembling fingers further south and into Dean's little virgin hole. The omega tightened his inner muscles, pleased with the gasp it enticed out of Cas.
Shining
Dean thought about it and realized how confused he’d become about all the money talk. He had completely forgotten about Castiel's original mission to make omegas and betas equal to alphas and probably made a complete ass of himself. He should probably read up on the exact differences between alpha and omega rights and not just the main problems.
Castiel raised his eyebrows but didn't question the omega's resolve as he slowly led them towards the room in question. He seemed to be so entranced by the younger man, he never even noticed he had lost his suit jacket somewhere between the couch and the bedroom door.
John looked taken aback. "I just want to find out why you didn't end up mated, Dean. Something must've gone wrong."
He watched for a few more minutes, finding out about a terrorist attack somewhere in Europe, listening to some zoo director talk about a new elephant baby and watching a video about some southern mayor talking about an increase in gun-related crime in his town after new taxes for waste removal were introduced.
Dean nodded. “I want to do this,” he promised. “Not for you, but for us.”
Dean shrugged sheepishly. "I'm sorry, Dad. I was enjoying myself."
Too late to back out now, he told himself as he got Gabriel's positive response; he'd just have to go through with it.
Charlie said that Lilith was very active in the group up until she met a rich alpha called Lucifer and she stopped caring about the cause. Funny thing was, said Charlie, that the Lucifer dude actually supported omega rights and the two lovebirds met at one of the group's parties.
When he came home that afternoon, he was feeling a lot better about the whole situation, having named Castiel Novak as
Dean nodded, feeling a little self-conscious seeing his body right next to Cas'.
accused of abuse?” Charlie probed, sounding more than a little annoyed about not getting a clear answer.
John blinked at him in surprise. “Have you clued Bobby into this plan of yours? I’m pretty much persona non grata at his garage.”
He felt bad for neglecting his omegaist duties lately, which was mainly why he had invited his mates over today to watch the live broadcast of the Voting Bill vote with him, but he’d had other issues to take care of.
His boss made a placating gesture with his hands. “Okay, Dean, calm down. I wasn’t implying anything.” He paused. “But if he ever treats you badly or doesn’t show you the respect you deserve, you come to me and I’ll kick his bony little arse. Understood?”
Rufus snorted from where he had been sitting quiet. "Novak's a good guy, no need to talk about him like that. Maybe you kids should try not to objectify others if you yourselves don't want to be objectified."
The two brothers spent the next twenty minutes reading through articles about Dean and his relationship with Cas - some depicting him in better light than others. They kept reading until Castiel came home.
Castiel nodded, flipping pages of his menu until he landed on the chicken section. "The most famous would probably be Schnitzel with potato salad or chicken in creamy paprika sauce. Oh, or you could try the duck with red cabbage and potato dumplings. I remember that being nice."
The man smiled at her politely.
That brought a wisp of a smile to Dean’s lips. He loved that the twins had added an extra syllable to ‘dada’ and hadn’t yet dropped the habit - it made him feel special. He couldn’t imagine why either child would want anything to do with their birth father now, though - not after
By the time Cas came back home - having managed to leave work early for once - Dean’s list was a five-page monster that had taken a life of its own.
Dean had been scowling the whole time he was reading the story, finding himself not being a fan of the Lilith character at all. Who in their right mind would abandon a cause just because they suddenly had a better life? That didn't mean other omegas still didn't suffer from everyday discrimination and bias.
Castiel folded his hands in front of himself on the table. "Honestly? Anything you're comfortable sharing. I have to warn you that I might use some of the information you give me while speaking publicly - not naming you of course - just to prove a point or give an example."
"Do betas really get treated that differently from alphas?"
Castiel gave him a toothy grin. "I'm just trying new things, Dean."
"Dad! I'm sorry, I completely forgot. I-"
"That's still a lad to me, son. And you haven't answered my question. How's John?"
"It's dark."
John smiled patiently. "My son is currently looking for a mate, you know? And you take up so much of his time that he could be spending with people who are actually interested in him that I can't help but ask what exactly are your intentions."
Dean muffled his chuckle in the blanket he was lying under before looking around at the rest of his roommates. Gabe was sleeping on his side, the bag of sweets crumpled in his hand with a few lollipops having spilled out on the sheets. Charlie - or at least Dean thought the lump gently rising and falling in the fourth bed was Charlie - was fully covered by her duvet, not a hair peeking out. And last but not least, Benny was curled on the floor in a bright yellow sleeping bag that most likely wasn't his.
“Noah,” said the omega with certainty, another faint smile on his face. The younger twin was usually the more exuberant of the two.
Castiel did. As soon as he felt Dean's channel loosen enough, he slid in another finger slowly. "Tell me if you need me to slow down," he told Dean, scissoring his fingers a bit inside the omega.
“I’m not certain.” The politician frowned. “I shouldn’t be later than ten though.”
“Uh, I’m not sure,” Dean admitted. “I was just scrolling through the day’s headlines and clicked on one with your name in it. I’m sure I can find it again, though.”
“Don’t give in. I know you can do this,” Dean pled.
Castiel tilted his head. "That must be it," he said calmly and if Dean hadn't noticed the twinkle in his ice blue eyes, he would've thought he was serious.
"Oh. Well, my personal assistant must've been thoroughly entertained then. Every single email to my official account goes through him before it makes it to me."
He didn't have to wait long. Castiel shifted on his knees a little more and tilted his hips toward Dean's, causing his hardness to brush against the omega's slick opening. A few seconds later Dean felt the meaty shaft pressing inside a little bit. Castiel went slow, very slow, breaching ever so slightly with the head but the sensation of stretching and the fullness still stole Dean's breath.
Dean felt himself pulse around his lover’s length at the words. “Jesus,” he breathed out, turned on as he had never been before. Each and every time he and Cas had sex was better than the last.
The younger man turned to him. “You okay?”
“Sweetheart, no,” Castiel instantly responded, placing a hand on the omega’s thigh. “Those expressions just add to your charm.”
“Heard, huh?” Dean questioned skeptically. “Did Castiel send you?”
Dean sighed, also taking a seat. He wasn’t sure how to begin. “So, uh, Cas and I were talking about giving you money,” he started slowly, “and I decided -
Dean shuddered. "Uh, I don't really like green beans, so that would be no to all cacti."
“Erm,” he apologised bashfully, “I would normally have made a tossed salad, but I’ve been craving beans. Green beans, that is,” he clarified. “I know there’s cannellini beans in the soup, but-”
Cas blushed a little but laughed it off. “I guess I’m a little hungry too,” he allowed.
Dean sighed. "You really think he'd come?"
In the first fish tank, they saw a few small lights that looked a little like glow-worms.
“Look, Dean, if the boy hurt you in any way-”
Castiel smiled and Dean found himself staring once again. The man was really handsome, and Dean was hating it more and more by the minute because it was making him doubt himself and his resolutions.
Castiel scowled. "You mean salt and vinegar?"
There was no response, except for a quiet shuffle coming from upstairs. The omega therefore climbed up to the first floor, Castiel right behind him. Dean was shocked to find his dad sitting in his old room, flipping through one of his school notebooks and crying. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen John cry.
He slowly recounted how much information he had learnt during these past few days and figured his brain must be starting to shut down under the onslaught. He suddenly couldn't really concentrate on anything and he felt like he should go lie down.
For the most part, however, he spent time with his original group, getting to know them better. He found out Benny was mated to another beta named Andrea, who was also an equal rights enthusiast, but since she was eight months pregnant she didn't want to come.
“I’m looking forward to it,” the omega claimed. “I should at least gain an extensive vocabulary of tennis terms - and probably some swear words too.”
"Yes, I know. Why?"
“So I should give it another go?” Dean hesitantly inquired.
The next day at seven o'clock in the evening found him sitting opposite the older man, ordering food like nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Dean couldn't help but stare at Cas, trying to commit his handsome features to memory.
Dean looked over her shoulder, shrugging noncommittally, though secretly he was pleased at how it turned out.
“She treats everyone that way,” Cas reassured the young man. “Alpha, beta, omega - it doesn’t matter.”
“Of course.”
"I'll get it," said Dean, unnecessarily as he was already at the door.
They finished their pudding in a comfortable silence before leaving hand in hand and strolling back to the car.
“No,” she responded in a drawly voice, “caffeine gets me too wired. Too much of it really isn’t good for you, you know?”
Castiel must’ve seen something in his eyes because he switched to a slightly different tack. “Dean, sweetheart, if you don’t forgive yourself, how do you expect Bobby and John to forgive themselves? They feel just as guilty as you do - Aaron and Noah are grandsons to both of them.”
Dean scowled at Bobby. “Why wouldn’t he? Why do you always run Cas down like that? Not all alphas are bad, just like not all betas and omegas are good.”
Dean couldn't help himself any longer and burst out laughing, getting joined soon by the rest of the car. He was really glad he’d decided to come.
Dean was just about to reply when he felt the warm appendage tease at the folds of his opening, followed by cool air being blown across the wet spot. The little stream of slick that slid out of him was completely involuntary.
Charlie interrupted them. "Though we're thankful, Jo, I was thinking more about activities. I have invited a lot of people and even more people will come uninvited, so I'm afraid that what I have planned will not be enough."
Cas is different.”
The redhead didn't give up. "You want to play something? I brought Twister." She grinned mischievously.
The omega opened his mouth to say something else but his mate’s sure fingers sliding into his crack and pressing against his heat chased all rational thought away, so what he ended up saying was, “Guh.”
"I guess," admitted Dean before continuing with a cheeky grin, "but somewhere in the world an innocent person died of hunger while you were lamenting the loss of five bucks."
“Always,” Dean finished with a smile.
“Sweetheart?” the older man prompted as he strode over to the fridge and opened it. “White wine?”
"Do you have any experience?"
Dean gulped. Not rushing sounded good, he thought to himself. He couldn't really imagine Cas doing that to him yet. Don't get him wrong, he’d tried, but he felt like he didn't have enough information to base the fantasy on. He had no idea what Cas looked like naked. He didn't know how big he was. Nothing.
"Ugh," he grunted, unable to formulate words.
"Dad?" he asked with hesitation, the blissful mood he had been in ever since his night with Cas wavering.
After his husband stood up, Dean slowly slid his legs off the bed and sat up. He almost immediately slumped back down, a wave of dizziness hitting him.
"Yeah. I think he's actually joining us too or something; Gabe said he had a really bad day today."
Dean looked up at his dad, who shrugged at him in apology. “Bobby and I were talking about the i-n-c-i-d-e-n-t” - John spelled it out - “but I guess we didn’t edit ourselves enough.”
Dean nodded hesitantly before changing his mind and shaking his head. “It’s actually my dad’s,” he admitted.
outfits, complete with accessories - Dean exited the shopping centre, toting four bags.
The older man shook his head at him, walking further through the exhibition, tugging Dean with him. They found themselves in a lighter room with tanks full of colourful fish. They walked around for a bit, before they ended up at the starfish tank.
"Oh," Dean breathed out softly.
"Hi, Dean-cess!" yelled the redheaded girl that stood on the other side.
Castiel pulled up to Dean's house, shifting gear to neutral and pulling the hand brake. This was it then, thought Dean.
The older man stopped pouring the milk he was measuring. “Like a kid?”
He had once again messaged with Charlie in the morning, confirming that he would be waiting for them by the church, and Charlie in turn sent him photos of two other people that would be in the car with them.
Castiel was looking around the place as if he had never been in such an establishment before, his eyes flitting over the colourful posters hung behind the counter. After a few moment, he seemed to settle his attention on a 'no smoking' sticker that was next to the entrance and scowled fiercely.
Dean nodded. "Yes, Dad."
Castiel looked him in the eye. "We didn't talk about it beforehand, Dean; I can hardly just bite you out of nowhere."
Charlie still looked a little sad, so Dean continued, “This doesn’t mean I won’t be able to hang out with you guys anymore; it just means I will have other priorities as well.”
She grinned at him. "Would you like something alcoholic or maybe something sweet?"
Castiel grinned and opened the car door to get out, waiting for Dean to do the same thing before locking his Mustang. He offered Dean his hand, warmth visibly spreading through his cheeks as the younger man accepted.
Meg briskly replied, “Don’t worry. I’m here on my own recognisance, not the tree topper’s.”
Dean felt he had to backtrack quickly. "I know, I didn't mean it like that!"
Sam rolled his eyes. "You sound like a serial killer, Dean," he told him but followed readily enough.
The man hmmed against the sensitive spot where Dean’s neck met his shoulder, causing the omega to gasp. “Come on, Cas,” he whispered. “I’m getting all wet for you.”
Finishing his dinner, Dean went to his room and opened his laptop. If he was even a little bit serious about wanting to mate with the older man, Dean had to figure out how to deal with different political opinions. With Castiel being a senator, politics were going to infiltrate their private lives all the time, and Dean would have to learn how to deal with that. He had already found himself disagreeing with Castiel on numerous occasions and they weren't even in a real relationship yet.
Surely no one else could feel this nice while being kissed. It had been slow, unhurried and so very warm. Castiel tasted of mint, coffee and saliva, which was disgusting in theory but absolutely brilliant in reality.
have a drinking problem,” as he paced to and fro in the kitchen. “You should be more careful about making such libelous statements, or your paper could be subject to a lawsuit.”
Gabriel shrugged, evidently equally clueless.
Castiel patted his behind comfortingly. "Tell me what happened."
“What do you mean?” Dean questioned.
“Should?” the omega queried, sensing a subtext buried beneath that word.
"Hello Dean," came the raspy greeting from above him and Dean looked up from where he was sitting in a Margo's booth. Damn, Castiel was just as handsome as he remembered and Dean really didn't need that at all.
"Stop with the pity party," Jo piped up from the front seat; "we are going to have a party not a funeral wake."
When Castiel pulled up to the Winchester house to drop Dean off, they were met by John Winchester himself standing on the front porch, waiting for them.
“Once the vote is complete, we’re gonna want to post the result right away via our website,” Charlie enthused, after glancing at Dean to make sure her friend was okay.
The alpha looked rather puzzled, but he nevertheless slid the Chardonnay back into its slot. “Okay,” he agreed, taking out the bottle of cider inside. “You’re right; it should go well with the soup-”
he threaten you?"
Castiel looked at him fondly but didn't comment further, letting Dean think. And Dean did - he was taking his name-choosing duties very seriously since he didn't want the car to end up saddled with a horrid name. He mentally went over some cutesy names like 'Sweetheart’ or ‘Precious’ but those sounded pretentious, nothing like his Baby. He decided to move on to some female names like ‘Tiffany’ or ‘Andrea’ but none of them felt right.
I have thought about it but in the end I was glad I had been patient. She was more interested in my chequebook and my influence than me. Hannah wasn't really all that lovely in the end :(
happy,” Charlie stated meaningfully. “Just take care of yourself,” she ordered as she left the kitchen, her Doc Martens making a clatter against the tiles.
Castiel smiled at him, nodding. "Financial crisis. And trust me, it's not going to be the rich who are going to pay the highest price when that happens."
Dean leaned back into his pillow to get more comfortable. What Gabe had just told him was horrible and he couldn't imagine seeing it happen and not being able to do anything to stop it. He suspected that it wasn't really because of what had happened that Gabriel hated the bus now. It was more because he didn't - couldn't - help the girl. Dean imagined he would react in a similar way if it happened to him.
Dean threw her a weak smile. "I hope so," he said quietly.
"Dean?" came his father's voice from behind him.
“Hmm. I think I’ll just take off the jacket and tie for now,” Cas decided. He placed a kiss on the corner of Dean’s mouth, his tongue flicking out to touch the younger man’s lips.
Castiel's hands moved to the buttons of Dean's flannel shirt. "May I?"
"Thanks, Dean-cess. Now come on, I think everyone is already inside since that brown box of metal is the senator's car," she said.
at nineteen. Perfect.”
So much for feeling comfortable, Dean thought. Now he was pissed off. "There's nothing you can do to change my mind, Cas! You can't explain things any better and persuade me to agree with you. Our opinions differ and that's all there's to it."
Cas patted him on the back through the blankets. “Sweetheart,” he spoke gently to the young omega, “Aaron and Noah are asking for their
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Why’s that?” he asked curiously.
“Is there enough of that tea for me to have some?” Charlie inquired as she reached for the pot. “I can’t have coffee right now.”
Cas grinned at him, showing a little bit of his gums. "As long as you're not uncomfortable around me, I'll be happy."
Gabe scowled at him. "You too, Dean-o? After everything we've been through?"
John came to the rescue when Gabe shot a panicked look around the table. “There’s lots of ways,” he told Noah. “You stick to your promise, Aaron, that you won’t drink something unless one of your fathers has given you permission.”
Castiel came over with two glasses of honey whiskey, and handing one over to Dean, he sat next to him. "Sometimes, when I feel nostalgic and want to spend an evening staring into the embers. It doesn't happen often though."
Dea sighed. "Yeah, it was no use. He likes the idea of me mating a rich guy that would help us out of the pickle he dug us in."
“’kay.” Dean was grateful that his friend was so perceptive.
“Yum,” Sammy responded eagerly. “I missed your cooking after you moved out.”
“Ha ha, brat, no one drives me away if I don’t want to go,” Meg retorted. “Don’t forget about your tennis lesson tomorrow,” she reminded Dean as she pulled on her coat.
In the popcorn-making break between the fifth and first films, Dean was left alone in the living room with Castiel, everyone else either in the kitchen or in the bathroom - in Benny's case, smoking on the balcony.
"Yeah, that. I mean, I like you and I think you're, uh, good-looking but I'm just..." Dean trailed off again, looking for words.
The grandma clock that stood in the hallway outside Dean's room chimed five o'clock, which startled Dean out of his thoughts. He decided not to dwell on the love thing for now and returned to the article. Maybe he would forget about it.
“Yeah, Cas isn’t one to stand on ceremony,” Gabe agreed, cheekily adding, “Must be my influence that has made him such a decent bloke.”
The senator looked pleased and immediately patted his pockets, pulling out a Blackberry and handing it over to Dean. He scowled at it for a second, not totally sure what to do with it, before just typing his number in quickly and returning the phone to Castiel who promptly saved the contact.
Castiel gave him a small smile but Bobby huffed at him. "Don't pretend you haven't been eavesdropping behind the door, boy. You're so predictable it hurts."
It was too late for that, realized Dean as he watched his father's eyes burn with interest. He was obviously already planning something that would make Castiel interested in mating Dean, and God knew Dean hated that. He wanted people to be interested in him just like he was and if Castiel didn't like what he saw, then Dean didn't want him. No matter how many gummy smiles he sent his way.
After a brief pause, Castiel replied, “It’s an important civil rights meeting. That’s not the main reason I’m going, though. If I’m seen in public, it will help to allay some of the rumours that have been flying around.”
His dad gave him a sympathetic smile. "How's Sam? He was feeling a bit under the weather in the morning."
If this Novak guy could actually finish what he started, it could mean a whole new era for the American omegas. If the Liberals had more say in everyday politics, more bills supporting omega rights might get passed and slowly but surely the world might change. And wasn't that a nice thought?
He didn't have to wait long for the response.
The teenager repeated his earlier gesture, rolling his eyes so exaggeratedly Dean thought they would pop out of his head. "No, Dean," he snarked, "I can't see the very room I'm standing in. What sort of question is that?"
Dean shrugged. "I could always do more if you needed me to."
Dean bit his lip, hoping Castiel wouldn't get miffed at him for asking. He sat there on his bed, staring imploringly at his phone for a good five minutes before it finally beeped with an incoming text message.
Dean narrowed his eyes at the haughty woman. “It’s
"I'm sorry."
"I didn't mean to come across like a politician."
“At least Aaron doesn’t like to play with fire,” she resumed speaking. I had a cousin who almost burned down the house twice. We're still not sure if it was really just an accident.”
“What are you doing, sweetheart?” Castiel asked, his voice deep and warm as he leaned down to kiss Dean’s cheek.
“Yeah. Obviously, not everyone believes them and anyone who knows how PR works can figure out the truth, but his name remains untarnished in the public’s eye.”
Dean shook his head vehemently. "I have no idea but I can't imagine John had anything of value to say. He, uh, he wishes for us to be together."
The blond shrugged, a look of fake sympathy on his face. “Then maybe you should try and pay some attention to them every once in a while,” he snarked. “Kids notice if you care more about spending your evenings at the country club than playing with them.”
"Dean?" he asked as they were leaving.
Both little boys pouted, Aaron crossing his arms and managing to look like a grumpy old man in a child’s body.
Dean grinned at his boss. He was really enjoying this job.
"Jerk." Sam grinned.
Later that night, after cleaning up the dinner table and storing the leftovers in the fridge, Dean opened the Omega Rights website, clicking on the forum tab and scrolling down to where people were discussing joined rides to Colorado Springs. He wrote his own message, asking for a ride for himself.
The omega sighed in pleasure, any thought of Megan ‘call me Meg’ Masters forgotten. “Mmm, Cas,” he moaned as his mate began trailing wet kisses down the side of his throat.
Bile rose up in his throat and the omega barely managed to swallow it back down. Oh God, Dean thought, remembering all the weird food combinations and dizzy spells of the past two or three weeks, he was definitely pregnant. Glancing at the clock, the omega figured he had just enough time to pop to the store and buy a pregnancy test before his friends arrived. He kept on panicking as he climbed on the bus, feeling like he was too young to have children. He had different priorities right now - Sammy, his father, Cas, the Voting bill and his omegaist group friends…
The walk was thankfully completely uneventful and both men let out a sigh of relief when they locked the door behind themselves.
After the news segment ended, Dean picked up his phone and texted Cas.
He didn't really think it was hormones. He had read that while omegas had a hormone level increase during heats and pregnancies, it wasn't anywhere near what an alpha experienced during a rut. This was the main reason alphas had such trouble controlling themselves. Dean was neither in heat nor was he pregnant.
in his contact list. He cooked dinner and picked up after his brother in the living room before snatching the laptop for himself and logging into his account.
"Yeah?"
“O-kay.” When Castiel’s voice hitched, Dean realised the alpha was just as eager as he was. Circumstances had conspired against them in the past week, meaning that they hadn’t had sex in what seemed like forever. First Dean had needed a couple of days to build his strength back up, and then, right when things were looking promising, Noah’d come into their room sniffling. He’d had a bad dream about the puppy he was lobbying for his dads to get him - it wasn’t clear to either Dean or Cas what the dog looked like - going home with someone else. That had required loads of consolation, with Aaron joining them on the bed, and Castiel giving him a wry look as they lay there with the twins between them.
"Really? I was hoping-"
Dean was still apprehensive. "I'm not sure, sir."
Now Charlie looked confused. "What do you mean? How can you not agree? He's trying to make us all equal."
The ticket girl looked bored stiff but she did make an effort to smile at them, so Dean didn't feel rubbed the wrong way. Much.
and read the whole thing again. In the process, he assured himself that whatever felt good to him would feel good to Cas. he tried to memorize how to pleasure an alpha, and finally congratulated himself for having made use of the last rule of the article - to communicate.
The omega couldn’t keep himself from both moaning in pleasure and giggling at his mate’s jesting. “The tie, silly,” Dean replied, turning around in Cas’ arms to claim a lingering kiss.
"I'll be right there, jerk," came the answer from upstairs. "I have to finish homework."
Not listening to John's continued sputtering, Dean promptly climbed the stairs and a few seconds later arrived at his brother's door.
Half an hour later, Dean was irritable, his feet hurting and his stomach churning from too many hors d’oeuvres. He made his way over to Castiel, who was speaking to an extremely old-looking rickety man. “Cas,” he murmured, a painful smile on his face.
Dean snorted. "Yeah, well I actually think he did. It was easier for him to tell me it was illegal rather than explain why I shouldn't go outside at night. Dad is all about the 'easier', you know?"
When Cas left for work some time later, Dean sat down at his computer. He was determined to get this whole
Bobby's voice was softer when it came back. "You really like him." It wasn't a question.
Bobby edged his chair in on Dean’s other side, forcing Charlie closer to Meg. Sliding her chair an inch or two towards Gabe and the twins, the political coach asked with asperity, “What happened to you, oilcan? Last I checked, you were right behind me.”
Castiel cleared his throat and fidgeted slightly in his seat. "Forgive me, Dean, but that is not exactly what I've been admiring."
His father looked up from where he was reading a newspaper on the couch as Dean passed him in the living room. He raised an eyebrow at Dean's behaviour. "How did it go?"
"You probably know better than I do, boy; I haven't even met the guy."
Dean sat behind the computer the next day, logging onto the
“I’m close,” Dean whimpered, his muscles trembling with exertion.
The omega wrapped Sam in a tight hug. "I know, Sammy, I know. But I really promise you, you are going to see so much of me that you're going to be sick of the sight."
John gave him an incredulous look. "I am being nice, boy, I just don't want your alpha to take advantage of your goodwill."
Bobby looked up in interest. "What was a few days ago?"
Dean grabbed the back of Gabe's shirt and let himself be led by the other guy through the crowd of people. When they finally came to a halt, Dean found himself facing probably the handsomest man he had ever seen.
Dean gave him a small smile. "I'll text you, okay?"
in the search bar and was immediately surprised by how many new articles were up. “Huh,” he muttered.
“Then what’s the problem?” asked the chief mechanic, causing Dean to shrug again.
“Dad!” Dean cried in outrage. “This is for your own good, don’t you see that? Think about Sammy-”
"How's he behaving? Causing any problems for you and that lad?"
Dean's brain had left for vacation and so when the waitress came to take their order, Dean was stumped. Castiel looked at him, obviously asking him to order first, but Dean just stared at him dumbly.
She rolled her eyes. “I mean Castiel,” she explained. “He asked me to help you because he was under the impression that you wanted to learn. I’m starting to think his impression was wrong.”
Everyone laughed at him but they finally went and grabbed some of Gabe's bags to help him. Soon enough, it was all laid down in the living room - Gabe's baked goods, the fried chicken, chips, cheap booze and surprisingly enough, some carrot and apple sticks, courtesy of Benny.
Castiel dropped a kiss onto Dean’s head as his mate cried himself to sleep, both soon falling into slumber.
Castiel gave him a gummy smile. "The front door?"
We can’t promise that we’ll return with more time stamps in the future - it took three years to produce this one! - so we tried to make this one long and juicy :)
Dean scowled but didn't comment again. "So I can go?"
Dean's face heated up at the compliment, though it did leave him feeling a bit hysterical. He was still nervous. He really didn't feel ready to have sex but he could do it; it was just sex right? And he did want to have sex with Castiel; there was no question about that. He just wasn't sure if he wanted it to be now.
The omega paused. A political coach? Why would he need a coach? He had already made himself a list; now it was just a matter of following it. “Why do I need a coach?” he asked hesitantly.
Why was he hearing that voice? the omega wondered, mind foggy and not connecting it to the ringing of the doorbell a couple minutes ago. Sniffling, he didn’t bother to raise his head from the cradle of his arms; it wasn’t like Meg was actually here, in his kitchen.
from him before he had the burner off. Cas must be more than ‘a little hungry.’ It made him even happier, however, that he’d arranged a special ‘birthday eve’ meal for just his husband and him. It was important for them to occasionally enjoy a bit of child-free time. Well, mostly, he amended in the privacy of his own mind, a small smile on his lips.
"Senator Roman keeps talking about how omegas don't work. What he fails to mention however is that omegas don't have the same opportunities to work as we do. They are constantly being refused by employers just based on their gender. They are being told that they're not strong enough, not capable enough or intelligent enough and unless we even the playing field and give them the option to educate themselves under the same conditions we have, this is never going to change.
The man nodded, looking disappointed. "All right then, sorry. Thanks for the car again."
By the time he returned home, clutching a brown paper bag with the pregnancy test and some other items he had bought on the way, he was half excited and half nervous. The resulting look on his face must’ve been an interesting one to see.
“Yeah, yeah, I love you too.” Dean rolled his eyes in fond exasperation before sending Sam off to school.
Dean bit his lip. "It's possible but I wouldn't bet on it."
When Cas arrived home a little later, he discovered Dean and Sam sitting down at the table, plated sandwiches and glasses of cold milk in front of them. “Those look good,” he claimed, eyeing Dean’s sandwich hungrily.
"Something wrong?" The omega turned to his quiet mate.
"So you want to be a mechanic?" asked Crowley, leaning forward, his elbows resting on his desk.
Dean took a step back. "What are you doing?"
Castiel shrugged. "Not bad, tasted a tad like green beans."
The omega sighed. This was a point of disagreement between Dean and Castiel, since the younger man believed abortion should be free for everyone, regardless of the circumstances. He was nevertheless proud of his mate for pursuing greater freedom of choice for all omegas and betas. So were many of his omegaist friends - some of them were even supporting Castiel’s idea of paid abortions, which was mildly surprising to Dean.
The wooden door closed behind him.
Castiel paused, still avoiding Dean’s eye. Dean was still not certain which direction this story was going.
“Okay, Your Majesty, get your sweet ass over there.”
at Castiel with a glimmer of hope and something else.
He had thought about Castiel a lot. About the hurt in those blue eyes and the way the father had confided his past to him. But he’d killed his own friend. Dean tried to imagine what it would be like to kill Charlie. Or Sam. He just couldn’t. No way he’d ever do anything like that.
“Yeah. Yeah, I have.”
“So, you’re getting out,
Cas stops fighting, hands sinking back onto the mattress as if a puppeteer gone crazy has suddenly lost his interest in playing.
His voice is even rougher when he has drugs in his system, Dean thought.
Finally, the angel turned around. His eyes were red-rimmed and for a second Dean thought Cas had cried but there were no trails of tears on the cheeks and he otherwise didn’t look like he had cried either.
Castiel’s face was marred with haunted expressions, unshed tears shining in his eyes.
Dean sighed.
She hits him again. That is really not good for his head. Dean spits out some blood and smiles up at her.
Sam shrugged. Dean rubbed his chin.
“Cas, Cas
“Is forgiven.”
Cas chooses that moment to wake up. Dean can see his foot twitching.
“Of course I was worried about you. You start screaming out of nowhere and your trench coat’s soaked with blood, I thought you’d die.”
They closed the cell doors at eight o’clock. Sometimes they would leave the light on for another ten minutes. Most times they didn’t. The first night was really horrible. Being imprisoned in that little grey cell all by himself. Dean didn’t give a rat’s ass about what they told him. It was jail whether they called it that or not.
Charlie shrugged and went back to dancing with a dark haired girl.
“Did you know that almonds are completely dependant on bees?”
“Hey, Babe, you okay?”
Castiel watches as Dean kneels beneath him, green eyes locking with his ice blue ones.
Dean smiles. Eileen is a good girl and she and Sam are so in love, it’s almost disgusting.
Cas turns around and kicks where Dean’s crotch has been just a blink of an eye ago. Dean jumps back, dives forward, clasping Cas in a tight embrace, keeping him from moving.
“How do you talk to girls, Dean?”
The teenager ducked away.
Castiel smiled. “Go ahead.”
“This does look interesting. Does it say who it belonged to?” he asks Dean. The man just shrugs.
Dean thought about that and nodded.
Dean is straddling the ex-angel now but there’s nothing erotic about it.
Castiel shifts and hisses when his back touches the fabric of his coat.
He hadn’t intended to tell Sam any of this but the words kept coming and it felt almost like a confession. Dean sighed and buried his head in his hands.
“I’ve thought about the kiss as well, Dean. I too want it to happen again.”
“Look, I gotta work, so, seeya in a week.”
“Dean, please, let me finish first.”
“Never been better.”
Castiel smiled at that, unconsciously curling his fingers around Dean’s calloused hand.
“How old are you?”
“I don’t deserve your love, Cas. I’ve done things, bad things. You of all people should know.”
Cas gives him the
“Something wrong with the music?”
“One more word and I’m not going to come over for D&D on Friday.”
Dean exhales a breath he doesn’t know he’s been holding and crawls under the blanket, holding open invitingly. Cas gets out of his shirt and pants and slips under it, skin to skin with Dean. He doesn’t shiver at the touch. He really doesn’t.
His brother shakes his head.
“I don’t understand how my living situation is important to my knowledge of pop culture?”
He kept boycotting the program for the rest of the first week, got into two more fights and won some more illegal cigarettes. On Sunday he was scheduled for counseling. He had been told that there was a priest (Meg said he was hot, but honestly, that dude was from
He waved him and now nothing and no-one was holding him back to breathe in the scent of freedom that had been gone way too long for Dean’s taste.
“You want to throw me out of my own room?” Dean asks in mock shock.
Dean just exited the juvie through the front door when he heard someone calling his name.
“Bitch. I’ll arrive at noon.”
“Seriously, Cas, you’re scaring me, what happened?”
“Sam …”
The demon stared at him hungrily. Castiel had the odd sensation of needing to get closer to Dean and getting as much space between him and the demon as possible in the same time.
“Virgin’s blood works better, that’s right, which means
I realize I’ve been talking too much and shut my cakehole, embarrassment burning my skin like hellfire.
“I’ve seen you in the worst of places. I forgive you. And I love you, too.”
I nod. “That’s her.”
Finally, the angel turned around. His eyes were red-rimmed and for a second Dean thought Cas had cried but there were no trails of tears on the cheeks and he otherwise didn’t look like he had cried either.
Dean bites back a smile.
Here’s the dilemma I’m in: I’m either going to tell Charlie about Castiel and risk that she’s trying to get us together or I’m not going to tell her and spend the rest of my day ignoring her nagging questions and firey stares until I give in and tell her anyway. The thing is, Charlie might not tell anybody but she isn’t going to let it go anytime soon. Which means that if I don’t at least text Castiel she will. Which is even more embarrassing than being pranked by a good looking punk.
His lips are soft against mine, moving slowly. I need a second to collect myself before I respond, tentatively, because how the hell do you even kiss? The lip ring is indeed slightly cold from the night’s temperature but only for a moment before it gets warm from our lips.
that I’m aware of is
When Castiel finally looked up, Dean stopped breathing. His friend looked like death, his face marred by sorrow, pain and self-loathing, sickly pale, his eyes almost hidden by the shadows in the sockets.
“Well, what can I say, don’t get distracted while fighting.”
Her hand hits him before he can even realize it’s moved.
Castiel squared his shoulders, made sure his angel blade was easy to reach under his trench coat and then nodded in silent self encouragement. Sam reluctantly opened the door of the dungeon and had to watch as his friend locked himself in with the demon that had once been his brother.
I grab the Latin text book and look up the Cicero speech we’re supposed to translate.
“You have, haven’t you?” Sam repeated, now less confident.
“Ever fired a gun?”
“You’re late,” Dean mutters.
“Then pancakes are acceptable, I suppose.”
Both kids blushed and Dean whistled.
“You’re afraid.”
Castiel sighed deeply and averted his eyes.
Dean was packing all his stuff (it wasn’t a lot, just some pieces of paper for school, some drawings, said illegal cigarettes) when there was a knock at his cell door. He turned around just to find Meg grinning at him.
“Dave?”
He shook his head and cradled Castiel close to his chest.
He looks absolutely stunning. His hair is styled but dishevelled, his eyeliner is sitting in place, his piercings and earrings blinking in the low evening sunlight. He’s wearing black ripped jeans and combat boots and a black string vest that teases the viewer with parts of the tattoos. The denim jacket fits him nicely, it’s blue with a lot of patches and buttons attached to it.
“So are you.”
“Whatever.”
“See?” Dean said. “Toldya I’d be coming.”
Castiel glares at him before taking a closer look.
Dean didn’t say anything.
His head shoots up. “Still are, I’m sorry, I’m messing this up, aren’t I?”
“It’s nice to see you, Dean.”
I focus back on Cicero’s opinion on the taxes. Hell, why am I even translating it? Right, grades for finals. Yikes.
He is only a little annoyed when some girl tries to pick him up. He’s a lot more pissed when some other girl tries to get into Cas’ pants. He doesn’t growl because he’s not a freaking dog, and he doesn’t get possessive, not in the slightest, he’s not jealous, of course not. He just pulls Cas close and presses a kiss to his temple, grinning sweetly over his boyfriend’s shoulder and chirping: “Sorry sweetheart, but this one’s already taken.”
He must’ve dozed off because Sam was woken by the sound of a door that was opened with great force while the person tried to keep quiet. Sam stretched and opened his eyes to see who the intruder was.
,” Dean moans between the tormenting hits, “this isn’t you.”
ll tell Dean he realized that he doesn’t want somebody like him around and that he’s better off without him. Which is technically correct but doesn’t mean Dean must like it.
Charlie raises her brow. When I don’t say anything else she demands, “Details, Winchester?”
t keep a blush from spreading over his face.
Dean averted his gaze.
“See you,
“Yeah, you did,” he mutters bitterly, trying to get his crying under control.
“Yes. But I apprechiate your concern.”
Castiel shrugged it off. “I’m a little clumsy. I fell down the stairs.”
“But you gotta agree that he’s young, right?”
Before Dean could reach for the door it was opened with enthusiasm to reveal his little brother and a petite blonde girl.
Charlie snips her fingers in front of my face.
“W-what happened?”
He doesn’t need another pair of concerned eyes on him. Sam sighs.
“Don’t mention it. Now enough of this, huggy bear, I gotta take a good long shower, I stink like I haven’t bathed in years.”
He doesn’t even try to keep the sarcasm from his voice. Cas gives him a sympathetic look before concentrating on what Dean is saying.
Dean places a soft kiss on Cas’ neck.
She let go of him and smiled brightly.
“Geez, you really know how to destroy a man’s dreams.”
“Why’s that?”
Sam jumps at the bitterness in his brother’s voice.
“I know you have gotten into trouble pretty early within your stay here.”
Castiel still looks beautiful, even after ten years.
“Please, sit down, sir, it’s under our control.”
“Dean, check your phone, goddammit! It’s Cas. He’s…” He paused before saying: “Just call me.”
“Put a bridle on your tongue, demon.”
“Dean?”
“Dude, run!” Dean shouts, trying to be louder than the supernatural storm inside. Castiel is thrown through the room and flies against a wall. Dean thinks he shouts his friend’s name but maybe he just imagines that because he can’t hear himself. Castiel stirs and sits up carefully. The storm moves pages around, howling and freezing. Dean wishes he has a jacket right now. There’s a figure in the middle of the room, pale and not entirely clear and a screeching sound in Dean’s head. He grabs Castiel by the trench coat and both of them run for their lives.
“I will remember that.”
Dean uttered something between a sigh and a groan and pinched the bridge of his nose.
The young man was clearly hurt.
“Hey, Cas, how are you?” Dean adressed the back of Castiel. The bunch of dark hair that was visible behind the back and shoulders wasn’t moving. Dean supressed a sigh and started to get rid of his clothes. It was late at night and he’d be going to sleep, grumpy boyfriend or not.
He grins at me, a gummy smile that’s sincere but also packed with amusement.
“Hello, angel.”
“Don’t lie to me, Dean. You owe me the truth. How I am useless. A mess. I can’t fight, I can’t do research and you yourself said I sucked at hunting. So don’t tell me I matter when I don’t.”
, you have no idea.”
“Sammy’s fine, I guess. He’s got himself a girlfriend. They’re really cute. All sappy, clich
His little brother popped his head in to say hi but stopped as soon as he saw Dean.
Speaking of pie, Dean thinks and remembers the first time Cas had felt real hunger. That content little smile when the last bite of burger had finally disappeared in his mouth, his grin when Dean flushed the hospital food so nobody would grow suspicous. The laugh when Dean made a remark about it and the following groan in pain. Dean tries not to think about the clear picture of agony on Cas’ face.
“I’ve got the high ground,” Dean insists, hoping his voice is stronger than he feels inside.
The hours were creeping by and Sam slowly lost count of how long he already sat there and waited, hoped. He’d called Dean two more times only to reach the voicemail again. He really hoped Dean had a good reason to not answer him. Like, killing a nest of vampires and not being killed in return.
I groan. This is bad. Really bad.
“I wanted to enjoy the silence as long as I could before coming here.”
“Say,
It sounds like a plea, like a wish, like something the hunter wants to believe so bad that he says it out loud. Dean doesn’t fight back as Castiel hits him again, the bones of his best friend’s face breaking beneath his knuckles.
“Dean, this isn’t you,” Castiel tried again but the closeness to Dean was intoxitating.
Dean grins at Cas’ formal language.
“Do I have to go over this again, Charles? I’ve told you three times already. It’s not helping.”
“Thanks.”
,” Dean whispers in Cas’ ear.
Castiel shot a confused glance at Dean who shrugged.
Dean could imagine the redhead sitting on her bed excitedly while trying to convince Dean to come and have some fun. Charlie had sensed that something was wrong from the way Dean texted. Or didn’t text.
Castiel tilts his head in this adorable way he always does when he’s confused. Dean chuckles.
The father sighed deeply and pinched the bridge of his nose, a gesture Dean would do whenever he tried to fight away a headache.
“Okay. Meet you at eight at the Roadhouse?”
Dean hummed in content when a hand grabbed his and intertwined their fingers. He still wasn’t convinced but he let it slip for Cas. If the angel didn’t want to talk about it Dean wouldn’t force him to.
Dean gestured vaguely.
Dean’s eyes are filled with fire and pain. Castiel considers taking the angel tablet and leaving as Dean talks again.
“You sure?”
“Fine.”
“Cas…”
Dean jumped.
“Nope,” Dean replies and shows his best friend a toothy grin. Castiel just turns around and starts climbing the wall with Dean making sure he won‘t fall. It’s always been like that. Castiel doesn’t care that Dean is only the lad’s adopted son and Dean doesn’t treat Castiel like the snob he is. Really, Dean can’t stand the way Castiel’s brothers and sisters want to chase him through the house, boy do this, lad get that. The way Michael only looks at him when he’s forced to and how Raphael treats him like an inferior being makes him want to puke on their expensive Persian carpet.
“No idea.”
Dean pinches the bridge if his nose and exhales.
Dean reached the church in no time and tore the old wooden doors open.
Dean can dodge Cas’ fist easily. He’s laughing now.
Dean didn’t know what to reply to that but the father didn’t seem to mind. He sighed instead and pressed a kiss into Castiel’s damp hair.
Sam mumbled something Dean couldn’t understand.
The coffee was thin and hot and tasted burnt but Sam drank it anyway. After another hour they pushed Cas out of surgery and into one of the adjacent rooms. Sam followed and sat down next to the bed. He listened to the doctors talking about the injuries, the treatment and how long Castiel had to stay in hospital. He nodded and thanked them politely before they headed off to treat other patients.
“Jeez, what happened to you?”
His brother doesn’t say anything else.
He slightly touched the thin metal chains and was horrified by the sound of Cas’ wimpering.
“Breaking and Entering is illegal, Dean.”
Charlie raises her hands.
“You alright?”
“Hello.”
He doesn’t say a lot after that. They are both quiet, listening to the tunes of the
Spending day after day in an entirely grey environment, even the bright orange of their inmate overalls became dull. Dean started to daydream about colors, birds, a good sandwich. He missed the wrappers of those treats the small children would always eat on Halloween. There had been one year where he’d switched the treats with mayonnaise fudge. It had been a mess to make but Sam’s face was totally worth it. He still kept some treats just to remind Sam of that embarrassing moment.
I’m not horny. I’m really not. I haven’t even been kissed yet. I’m a fucking nerd. The only response to
Dean threw his head back with loud, barking laughter.
Have you been following the whole Spanish Destiel canon thing? It's really hard to ignore even when you haven't watched Season 15 yet (like me...). What's your opinion? Should the CW give a statement on what has happened and why?
He sighed and tried to fight off a headache by pinching the bridge of his nose. He’d been doing that a lot lately.
That’s the worst question he’d ever could have asked. Because I start rambling. About the Chevy, her engine, the work I’ve done over the past months, the work I still need to do until she’s ready for the streets and how I remember her from when my dad was still around. I even keep the little plastic soldiers Sammy stuffed into the air vents so I can make the car sound the way it did back then.
One moment, Cas in in the bunker, and the next, he is in nothing. It’s a shock to his system, and if he weren’t still riding the emotional high of confessing his love to Dean, he would be frightened. Instead, he is only startled.
Dean swallowed hard too.
And… it’s Cas. His eyes look a little teary as well. Which totally makes sense. He cared about Sam a lot. They were close.
I think Cas is in love with you.
“Can I come in?” Dean sounds soft and still nervous.
Cas feels a kick of anger inside himself. He smirks. “Doesn’t matter,” he says at last. “Dean doesn’t feel that way for me. I got everything I could. I took my chance, and I told him, and I saved him, and I can be happy with that,” he grinds out. “For eternity.”
There is only pitch blackness, slightly reflective of his figure.
And Cas can’t hear anymore. A thousand brief moments, flickering memories, crash into his mind at once. All these moments he could have had with Dean if he had only realized it sooner. Realized he loved Dean like
“Again,” he whispers in Cas’ ear.
, I know you’re in there.”
Dean grins and pats him on the shoulder.
But Dean doesn’t fight back. He just
“Angel, I mean. It doesn’t mean your… race, just your personality. Shit, Cas, I’m bad at explaining my feelings.”
“Let me see your head injury.”
“Cas!”
Sam is waiting for them when they enter the bunker and meets Dean in a crushing hug that makes the older brother jump.
“Thought so.”
“Kill him, Castiel, and bring me the tablet.”
He found the room and sat down on one of the plastic chairs in front of it, waiting. After the nurses had taken Cas to surgery the treating doctor had told him to wait. Sam had complied and gone to their motel to get some stuff he could need. He didn’t plan to stay away for long, even if that meant that he had to sit on this uncomfortable chair for hours. As long as Dean wasn’t here and Cas wasn’t out of the woods it was the least he could do.
I look up to meet his eyes and am confronted with such a kindness in just a look that I feel like I’m out of air. Castiel’s eyes seem to sparkle in the sunset as he smiles at me before looking back to the road. We pull over to the side shortly after. Castiel cuts the engine and there we are. The awkwardness multiplies.
The moon would be shining upon them if there were windows in the room. But as the bunker is below the ground, savely buried inside it, the bedroom is dark. Dean doesn’t really mind. He lies on his back, hands crossed behind his head and watches the ceiling. Next to him Cas is sleeping, turned away from Dean. He just needs to reach for him to touch his back although he can’t see Cas, just sense his presence. In times like this Dean is glad the light is turned off. Otherwise the white bandages would remind him of the angry red scars on his boyfriend’s back beneath the band-aids, of how he failed Cas. Again.
Charlie grins and gets back to her translation. The thing about Cicero is, his speeches are long and the beginning is kinda cool, the ending rocks but in between it just lacks… everything. If I was a Roman citizen listening to his speech I’d fall asleep after ten minutes before waking up an hour later to find him ranting about stuff I really don’t care about until he ends his speech with a bang… but hey, he’s had a lot of influence and the teachers love him, and I’m bad at not doing homework, so here I am, sitting in the library, doing my homework between lit class and P.E. I freaking hate P.E.
“Don’t be sorry for something you’re passionate about, Dean.”
, handling the pans in the kitchen, thinking about Cas’ sex hair, trying not to think about sex because they haven’t moved there, yet. He’s fine with that, of course, because Cas still needs to learn a lot about being human. He handles everything pretty well and his wounds have healed nicely, only leaving angry scars on his back. Sometimes they hurt but mostly Cas seems to be fine.
, I’m gonna kiss you now because the way you chew your lips is sending shivers down my spine,” he whispers quietly before leaning in and capturing my mouth with his.
Dean didn’t let Cas speak but pulled him closer pressing his lips to the father’s mouth. Castiel tensed but relaxed almost instantly and melted against Dean. The teenager embraced Castiel, savored his taste, his fragrance, his presence, just with one kiss that lasted for only some seconds that seemed to be hours.
Sam sighs.
They keep training, Dean defeating Cas every time but the fights get longer. Cas is a fast learner.
“I was feeling very low of myself and it was not my right to assume that you think the same about me. I’m sorry.”
“You… could join me.”
“Thanks, Mr. Novak,” he said and gave him a little smile.
Sam nodded and hid his face in his palms. He suddenly felt a warm hand on his shoulder.
“I don’t know, okay? I have no idea!”
Naomi makes him kill Dean more than once in a session now. It doesn’t matter if he stands and fights, pleads or cries or runs away. Castiel always catches him. He kills him with knives, guns, a sword, a grenade launcher, his bare hands, even his own teeth if Naomi tells him to. He doesn’t flinch at the sight of life slowly leaving Dean. He doesn’t care. Naomi has created the perfect killing machine.
Dean turned around and practically ran to his car, seeking the Impala’s safety.
“I don’t deserve your forgiveness, Dean.”
Dean shakes his head.
“I didn’t know it was that bad. Like, I knew that I would have a bad reputation after what everybody’s been saying about me while I was away. But I never thought I’d be that… lonely.”
“Sam,” Castiel croaked helplessly.
“You can’t run from me, Castiel. First, I’m gonna have some fun. Then, I’m gonna kill my brother. And then I’m coming back for you.”
“It’s just, Sam and I were worried sick. I can’t lose you, buddy.”
I glare at her once more before grabbing my things to head over to the gym. I fucking hate P.E.
“You don’t wanna lie there for too long or you gonna get sick,” he said and hauled the preacherman to his feet.
they made me an offer.”
“I don’t need your pity, Dean.”
“What?”
I raise my chin.
“I’m fine. You don’t look good, either. You got into a fight.”
“I’ve been thinking about you, Dean. Sinful thoughts. I wanted to do things I’ve pledged to abjure.”
“I was at war, Dean. I went when I was, well, even younger than now, a little older than you. We were sent right to the frontline. They used the young, naive ones as cannon fodder. I despised religion back then but wanted to do my part for America, feeling patriotic and everything. I watched my friends and comrades die. I
Dean pulls him into a short hug, ignoring the puddle of blood they are basically standing in.
quirrel. Just remember, you might need me one day. Can’t say I won’t tell you how you sent me away. Well, however, enjoy your lunch.”
Dean sighed and ran his hand through his hair.
“You’re kidding, right?” Dean asked.
“What’s wrong, Cas?” Dean asks although he already knows the answer.
She really wasn’t going to leave it. Dean sighed deeply before answering.
Castiel’s never been down the stairs and in the hallway so fast. When he spots Dean and his puffed eyes and red nose he just wraps his arms around him and pulls him close to his chest.
“Dean, you know I’m not an angel anymore. Stop calling me that. It hurts.”
Ms Carlson was pleased with his change of behavior. She told Dean he might be released after another two weeks. Dean tried not to give her that annoyed look. He’d been in the center for two weeks already and it felt like years.
away but Dean’s arms keep him close.
“And wear protection!”
I pay (Cas protests but I can be adamant… sometimes) and we make our way back to the pimp mobile. The ride back home is less quiet, more filled with our conversation.
“Sounds like a plan.”
He can feel Sam’s eye roll but still leans down to kiss Cas’ cheek as he hands him the jar.
“I’m sorry, man.” He should’ve been there instead of heading out to kill some vampires. He should’ve told Garth to find another hunter to help him. He should’ve been there for Cas, protected him.
“I’m good, Dean, I can come with.”
Sam shrugged.
“I don’t know, he’s quite okay, I guess.”
“You fell down the stairs again?” Dean asked warily.
“Take care of yourself.”
“Dean...”
In my defence, I don’t normally do this. I don’t normally change my clothes, trade my Batman tee for a crop top and visit the club. I really don’t. I think I’ve never even been in a club before. Clubs are enemy territory. Clubs are where the
He flipped his cell shut and threw it across the room. It landed on his bed and created a little dent in the otherwise neatly organized bedsheets. It was another crappy motel they were staying in but Sam made an effort every morning to make sure his bed looked okay.
Dean leaned forward as far as his restraints would allow him.
all good emotions. He’s happy for his brother and Eileen. Dean actually tries to have fun on their wedding. He really does. It’s not his fault that all the couples tend to snog directly under his nose. Dean decides to get a little more drunk and pretend like his heart doesn’t ache more for Castiel with every second that passes. People asking him about the “handsome young man” doesn’t really help.
“So beautiful,” he whispered, almost reverently.
Dean doesn’t reply. Castiel lifts his hand and hums in content when Dean doesn’t flinch at his touch. His fingers barely graze the other man’s chin but Dean shivers anyways.
The kiss wasn’t passionate. Dean tasted the beer on the other guy’s lips when his tounge darted out. Dave was pressing him back against the house wall, his hands tugging at Dean’s shirt. It was wrong. It was twisted. Dean didn’t know why, Dave was cute but he just wasn’t
He should’ve known that Sam would be waiting for him.
Dean is too tired to protest so that’s how Cas got to drive the Impala for the first time.
“Miss me, bitch.”
When Castiel still hadn’t moved after Dean had changed into his pajamas his worry started to eat at him almost painfully.
“He’s not coming back, you know. I’m sorry, dear, but you’ve just missed him.”
His brother sighs and Dean can almost see how Sam’s eyes would have this look in them. The one where he practically radiates pity.
“Dammit, Cas.”
“Look who’s awake.”
“Listen Sam, what if Cas decides he doesn’t want to be with me anymore? What if one day I wake up and am like hell, Cas is cute and everything but I wish he was a girl, or what if – – ”
It was painfully quiet in the dungeon. Castiel opened the door and stepped into the devil’s trap. Dean was unconscious, only held up by the ropes binding him to the chair.
Castiel tries not to cry. He really does. But he’s never broken anyone’s heart before. And he’s never felt his own heart breaking in the same way. Slowly, he walks through the streets, letting the rain wet him to the bone. It just contributes to his mood. His plan is to endure his family’s proud smiles and then lock himself into his room and cry his eyes out. The Novaks will be gone in a month. He’s got to avoid Dean only for another four weeks and then, maybe, it’s going to become better.
Dean shook his head. Castiel was glad but there was also a little bit disappointment. After all, he’d still hoped Dean would reciprocate his feelings. Castiel splashed holy water over Dean’s face and when his skin didn’t start burning he cut his friend lose.
He goes straight for the hug because, chick-flicks be damned, they had a fight – was it a fight, though? – and they’re just making up and it’s dark outside which makes it romantic, sort of.
“Now you know everything about me.”
“That’s not what it’s about.”
“I’m fine. Really.”
I need to take the bus every day because the Impala Dad left me isn’t completely done yet. I still need to finish her up before she can roam the streets of Lawrence again. Until then the bus will have to do. I take a look at my sleek black muscle car and go back inside to take the long anticipated shower. I also try not to be too excited and nervous over the date but my heart is running a mile a minute.
“Alright, how long did you stay before calling a cab and leaving?”
“You’re no monster! I’m seventeen, I can decide who I want to be with. There’s nothing illegal about it.”
“You’re not gonna chicken out here, are you?” he asks mockingly.
“You know the Roadhouse?”
Cas is gone from the room.
He finally turns around to face the dark haired, handsome (in a very straight way) and confused man. Is Castiel really that naive?
Benny nodded but didn’t leave.
“At the angel family meeting?”
Dean’s eyes flew open.
“The more you cooperate the faster you get out of here.”
There’s a snort.
He’s spent the last week at the hospital, keeping an eye on Cas. Even after visiting hours he kept coming back, because what’s a history in B&E there for if not breaking into the hospital to take care of your former-angel-now-human boyfriend.
being a demon.”
Dean smiled and turned to watch the TV.
“Yes, you are.”
Dean smiled sadly.
“He’ll be fine, right?”
“I’m sorry.”
Dean grins
Sam entered the hospital and was hit by the stinging smell of desinfectants. He remembered the way to Cas’ surgery. The corridors were white and the light was almost blinding as he hurried through the building. He hated hospitals. Not as much as Dean did but still.
“Your hair is really soft after you wash it.”
“Uhm… you gave me your number.”
“Really? Never thought you were a bookworm.”
Dean swallowed nervously.
“Shall we then?”
Sam shuffles into the kitchen, his shaggy moose-hair in disarray.
He didn’t find a beer, though, just his moose of a brother.
Castiel laughs, a quiet deep rumble that makes my heart skip a beat.
He turns to look Cas in the eye.
Dean started visiting Castiel more often. After school, he would make a beeline for his home, make sure Sam was safe and his father was okay and head out to meet Castiel. Sometimes he would help him with taking care of the church. Sometimes they would just talk. Dean was far from getting religious but Castiel had something that drew the teenager to him like a moth was drawn to a flame.
Dean nodded and closed his eyes. It was late and he was tired but he didn’t want to fall asleep, afraid that Castiel might wake up while he was gone.
She growls.
Dean huffs.
When I come home, Bobby’s out back, fixing a 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V that must’ve been brought in today.
d still be wearing his pajamas.
Cas’ response is so muffled and quiet that he has to repeat it for Dean.
Leave a comment or kudos (I'd love to hear your opinion so I can improve) and seeya next time.
you go,” he says, dumping the last pancake on Sam’s plate and getting the jar with the bees’ barf.
“I like it.”
“I know you can hear me.”
When Castiel didn’t say anything, Dean continued.
“You’ve killed innocent people, Dean. The old you would’ve never done that.”
He was watching a raven sit on the fence eyeing the inmates with black eyes when he heard a familiar voice, deep and gravelly, next to him.
“Oh, I’m good. Peachy,” Dean answered. It was not true, his body was sore from the fight yesterday and he was sure he looked like a joke. But hey, his life was a joke, so what. Carlson looked at him in disapproval but Dean didn’t care.
There’s a ring at the door but before Castiel can get up he can hear the goofy footsteps of Gabriel as his older brother jumps down the stairs.
"Yeah?"
exactly a good thing, Gabe.”
"Then how do you expect to take a mate? Don't you think you should lower your standards? That Alistair boy from across the street seemed interested."
“Clarence?” the omega ased, brow furrowed in confusion.
"Just answer the question, boy."
Dean grinned at Castiel's fishing and decided to just tell him the truth. Who knew, maybe if he discussed it with Castiel, he might figure out what the issue was.
- stuff no other child would touch.”
Dean grinned widely, throwing his arms upwards. "I got the job, bitch."
They finished their conversation a few minutes later, Dean assuring his friend time and time again that he still wanted to be a part of the group, while Charlie whined about how some omegas left the group after they found an alpha or the reason they came to them in the first place was no longer valid. She told him that there was an omega girl called Lilith who worked at a beauty salon and was unsatisfied with how much she made. She was just as good - if not better - as her beta counterparts and yet earned less every month.
Dean smiled at him, recognizing the flirting as harmless. "You don't have children?"
"Yes sir," answered Dean respectfully, smelling a strong beta scent coming off of the other man and instinctively assuming a more subservient position.
Oh, well, that made sense. It did raise one question though.
And didn't that feel absolutely wonderful, thought Dean as he pressed his own hands against Castiel's muscled back. He shuddered as the make-out session turned a little bit more wet with saliva. Really wonderful.
“Come on, pup,” the political coach switched to another favourite nickname for Dean. That earned a wan smile from the omega, who’d become almost fond of the names she’d hurled at him from the get-go.
The news anchor was reading an overview of what had happened that day.
He didn't really notice the older man's laboured breathing, so intently was he focused at his task, that it startled him when Castiel spoke, "Ease off a little, Dean."
When he turned around, Castiel’s tie was gone, the top buttons on his button-down shirt undone, and his shirt sleeves rolled up. Dean swallowed hard. There was something about seeing the sparse sprinkling of golden-brown hair on his forearms, the muscles showing beneath the skin, that always got him revved up.
Dean chuckled, his own hands now clutching at his mate’s hips. “I thought you might like it,” he admitted.
Castiel looked sceptical. "Show me a person who can't afford to give his doctor one dollar when he gets the flu once a year."
Pushing at the older man’s shoulders to get him to sit down so Dean could wriggle onto his lap, the omega bit his lip. “I know you say that, but that article can really hurt your image, can’t it? I feel like it’s my duty to do everything in my power not to let it happen again.”
It was a testament to how Sam felt that he didn't even bother to argue, just turned around and slinked off back to his room.
I'm really good, thank you. You can tell your brother that I wouldn't mind talking to him. How's tomorrow after work - at six? We can meet at the local diner Margo's and then he can drive me home :P
It took an extraordinary amount of effort on Dean’s part to move the few inches up the bed, so he could rest comfortably against the pillows. Meanwhile, Castiel slipped out of his trousers, tossing them to the side in an uncharacteristic show of carelessness.
Charlie grinned. "Doesn't really matter; I always buy more popcorn and crisps than we could ever need, so one more person doesn't hurt."
would be?”
“I have a good feeling about the vote,” Cas reassured him. “We’ve garnered a lot of support, even some from the Conservative Party. If, for some reason, the bill doesn’t pass, we’ll simply put it forward again. Public favor is swinging more and more toward establishing rights for omegas and betas, so you shouldn’t despair - no matter what happens, okay?”
Dean shook his head.
Dean again looked at his lap. It was nice to finally hear Cas say what he had been thinking. Sure, Dean knew Cas was interested but knowing it and actually hearing it were two different things. Dean couldn't really say that what he and Cas had was love - they didn't really know each other enough for that - but they were... comfortable. Which might not sound like much but Dean thought that 'comfortable' was seriously underrated.
The Brit shrugged. "You're an omega. Sooner or later you're going to take a mate, have a bunch of kids and you'll request enormous amount of pregnancy leaves. I need someone who's priority would be his job, not puttering about kitchen."
Dean shrugged. "It's their problem< they're the ones who are going to get cancer."
Charlie pouted but accelerated as she turned onto a main road. Dean leaned back in his seat, surprised that despite his nervousness, he felt comfortable being around these people even though he’d known them for only a few minutes.
"That would be Kofola for you then. It's a Czech caffeinated drink that looks like Coke but tastes completely different. I personally actually like it better."
I know exactly where this story is going though, so I won't be abandoning it any time soon :)
He opened the omegaist site, and noticing there were no new articles, he went into his Internet bookmarks and clicked on a CNN online broadcast.
"Imagine you were lazy," said the senator, "what would you rather do - work eight hours a day for ten dollars per hour or do nothing and get almost the same amount of money? And there are states that have higher welfare than the minimum wage. How is that supposed to make people want to work?"
After a few minutes of struggling with the bike, grunting and panting in exertion, Dean managed to move the machine a few metres, settling in on the pavement. Charlie then slid her car into the vacated spot and got out.
The valet held the door open for Dean, before walking around to the other side where Castiel was stepping out, and accepted the car keys from the senator so he could park the car.
His boss scrunched up his whole face, the man’s baseball cap twitching with the movement. “The nerve of that man!” he spat out. “I hope you told him where to get off.”
Dean let out a sigh of relief. "Yeah, you really know how to talk."
"Hi, Dean," Sam, who was sitting cuddled in blankets in front of the telly in the living room, greeted him.
“Relax, sweetheart,” Castiel requested, running his hands up and down Dean’s arms in an effort to calm him.
Cas frowned. "I'm not- I mean," he paused to gather his thoughts, "I am merely explaining my point of view, Dean. I understand that you don't agree with me but that doesn't mean I'm wrong."
"Hi," he said, hating how high his voice went and clearing his throat.
“Well, yeah.”
"Why now?"
Dean rolled his eyes, his blush darkening. "Yeah, I know."
"Why?" came the whiny question.
Bobby grinned at him, slowly opening the garage door. “Well, I have something here that can be yours and yours only.”
Sam nodded his shaggy head. "Okay."
Dean smiled as a memory of John singing the same children’s rhyme to him and Sammy assailed him. He wanted his sons to only ever know this loving side of their granda.
Then again, maybe if he got a head start and showed Castiel that he was capable of learning how to be a good mate by himself, the older man would realise Dean wasn’t totally inept and that he didn’t need anyone else teaching him. In fact, the omega was going to be so good, Castiel would feel stupid for even suggesting they hire a coach.
Dean figured this was comfortable territory for his stubborn son. It would’ve been drummed into him that he wasn’t to do anything like consume perfume - or drink gasoline or household cleanser (that one had been a near miss) - ever again. He hadn’t enjoyed getting his stomach pumped, so he might’ve even learned his lesson.
Castiel leaned down, wrapping his arms around his mate, kissing the side of his face sweetly. “There’s a formal event my party is holding this weekend. I thought we might show up?”
Dean strode into Sam's room and shut it off.
“You all done with that coaching thing?” Sam asked, wandering into the kitchen a few minutes later.
Dean did as he was told, not daring to argue about being called a boy. He had already presented, he was no boy anymore.
Dean was puzzled for a moment until Bobby continued, “Stupid tabloids, blathering on about how I never should have given you a job. Do they think mechanics sprout from the cement or something? A good mechanic is a good mechanic - alpha, beta or omega. Long as they do the job and do it right, that’s all I care about. Perry,” he finished with a wan smile.
Dean rolled his eyes. His brother was the biggest nerd on the planet but Dean wouldn't have it any other way. He had always been proud of him. That didn't mean he was going to let him know that though. "Well move your ass, bitch!"
The omega still wasn’t convinced. Wasn’t it down to him to protect his children?
"What is it?"
The older man finally seemed to gather himself, walking over to the omega and trailing a finger down his arm. “I’m thinking perhaps you’re trying to seduce me, Mr Winchester,” he drawled, voice raspy. “But that can’t possibly be true.”
Here is a little exercise to help you overcome that first hurdle in self-establishment.
Megan ‘call me Meg’ Masters got Dean’s back up almost as soon as she arrived that Saturday morning. The political coach greeted him with, “So you’re Dean, the little pet that needs help?”
"No," interrupted Dean, "it's actually not very understandable. If I was looking for a mate, you would be perfect. You're, uh, handsome and clever and stuff and hell even my dad thinks you're a good candidate for a son-in-law. I'm just, uh..."
Dean thought about objecting again - he was sure he had oil embedded beneath his nails - but then, pleasure zinging through him, he decided that if it didn’t bother Cas, he wasn’t going to worry about it.
"I know. The thing is that Cas
Dean swallowed the heavy feeling in his throat. "Thank you. I will."
Well, he wasn't really sure about his opinion but that was probably the problem in the first place. Why would Castiel be interested n someone who couldn't form his own thoughts?
The politician sighed, not saying anything for a moment. "I think," he finally started, "I think we should give your father the money."
Dean shook his head. "No, you're the first."
The omega grinned. "I am. I'm officially a Novak omega."
Dean stood up again as Jo groaned.
“I’d like that,” Cas easily accepted the pitiful offer.
"Yes, I do. And I'm sure Audrey likes it too."
Sam seemed to be deep in thought for a while before coughing weakly again - and Dean should really go and get him some cough syrup - before smiling at Dean. "I didn't really like the song anyway," he said; "the melody is stupid."
Castiel’s brow furrowed. "You guess? Are you not sure, Dean? Because I want you to be sure; that's why I was giving you as much space as I was able to. I mean, I certainly didn't want to pressure you into anything, so if you're not sure, we don't have to try for a relationship. I'd be perfectly happy - well, maybe not perfectly, but I would be happy - to remain friends with you. I hope I haven't given you the impression that I-"
As the two mates were preparing for bed that night, Dean sighed. “I still feel guilty about what Sammy’s gone through with our dad,” he said. “That’s an awful situation for a young teen.”
Dean laughed. "Just show me around, you goofball," he said teasingly.
They needed to get a new coffee machine, Dean thought absently. The one they had must have a defect since it dripped way too slowly.
Castiel looked offended. "Now you're just being childish, Dean."
"Technically... shut up."
Dean shrugged. “It’s Castiel’s house. I was awestruck at first too, but it’s a real home.”
Dean decided not to tell John anything about the man though, because he didn't want to listen to a long tirade about how Dean should've tried harder to get to know him. A senator would certainly be a more than good enough mate for Dean, in John's opinion, except maybe his politics, but that could be overlooked in favour of his checkbook.
Gabe bristled but didn’t quite dare backtalk whenever the brunette called him ‘fubsy boy.’ Some time ago, the older omega had told Dean the nickname upset him because he was
Bobby nodded in understanding. "Does your dad know that person?"
Dean opened the top drawer and was happy to see a pile of old newspaper as well as a box of little dry twigs. "Perfect," he said as he went on to separating the sheets of paper and crumbling them into loose balls. He then built a typical fire tepee with the newspaper in the middle and set fire to it.
Bobby shrugged. "What? You're not feeling up to it?"
Charlie clapped her hands together. "Well, let's begin then! I have a
Enjoying his lighthearted, playful behaviour, Dean grinned back at his husband.
Dean nodded, not trusting himself to be able to speak if he were to attempt it. He watched the older man efficiently undo all the buttons down his chest before sliding his hands underneath the flaps and tugging it slowly off his shoulders. Once it was off, Castiel embraced Dean's slighter frame and pressed him against his own chest, kissing him again.
“My cooking but not me?” the omega teased.
"Hi, Charlie, you're early."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas smiled at him. "I see no reason why you couldn't see him as much as you want to. I'll buy you a car if that's what you're worried about."
Castiel slid his hands down Dean's back, settling them at the hem of his T-shirt. "Let me," he whispered, kissing Dean's nervous look away.
Dean smiled slowly. "So, is it like a sleepover?"
The younger boy scowled. "It's Sam."
The next morning was all weird with so many people trying to get their morning caffeine fix at once and the girls fighting over the bathroom - literally fighting. Dean thought he saw Jo pull Charlie's hair once.
“How’d it go with Meg, sweetheart?” Cas asked, sitting down next to the omega.
“Sure.” Pleased with the success of his overture, Dean tossed the little car up in the air, catching it in his hand as it fell back down. “We have close to five months to whip the VW into shape.”
He shrugged. "As long as you're safe."
Dean stared. "The economy is screwed."
Dean shook his head, a little frustrated that he wasn’t getting through to her. “I’m not giving up on omegaism, Charlie! I swear! I know I haven’t been very active lately, but you can hardly blame me with what’s been happening!”
"I- I'm not ready," he finally got out.
As Dean was stirring the pasta a few minutes later, Castiel entered the kitchen, laughing when he observed the omega bouncing in place and humming Don McLean’s
Abandoning his dad, the boy toddled over to Gabriel. “Up!” he ordered imperiously.
He had loved Dean. He
sooner. That he could have tasted Dean and –
For some dumb reason, Dean almost feels prideful about it even though he had no part in its improvement. If he weren’t careful, his chest would puff up. “Yeah, so I keep hearing. Sounds like Jack and Cas were busy.”
Castiel’s stomach drops. The arched brow, the confident tilt of the head: something is wrong. He wasn’t expecting Meg’s face to still look so pleased.
Before, Dean wouldn’t have defied his father. And this
And it
“Sorry, dad. I’ll try to go out like more of a badass next time.”
Needing to see Sam arrive safely is something Dean couldn’t get past. The whole dying young and never having the wife and kids expected of him thing had left Sammy as his only blood family and final obligation. He knew he shouldn’t, he
Maybe he should talk to Cas.
, he should say.
The pain Dean harbored in life is still there, not so pressing now, but there nonetheless. He vaguely wonders if it ever goes away.
“Cas –“ and Dean is struggling to speak –“I was wondering if –“ the green eyes glance down, then to the side before settling back on Cas –“if you wanted some company.”
Oh. He thinks. Here I am.
But before they can walk away, Dean feels the sudden urge to rush forward and hug them both. He does so silently, relishing something he’d always wanted and never got to have the way he’d imagined. It’s brief. They both give him a little smile before he pulls away, waves gently, and walks outside.
catch Dean once.
(See the end of the chapter for
God, he couldn’t believe he made it here. All that fucked up shit he’d done. And admittedly, he’d done some bad stuff. And still, here he was: driving in his beloved car on a perfect stretch of road. It was exactly what he needed at this moment. A respite. Some time to gather his thoughts. It’s bright and sunny. The sky is so blue, bluer than Dean is used to back when he was alive.
“Goodnight, Dean. I’m sure you’ll be by real soon.”
Dean had to admit to himself that it hurt. He had imagined himself and Sam and Cas together forever. Well, that is, until Eileen.
But he doesn’t want it.
And now he’s in Heaven. Heaven, of all places. He’s honestly kind of shocked that he made it.
defiance. His dad wants him in the new family home. Spend his first night in Heaven with his parents and his brother under one roof. And Dean does want that, but it almost doesn’t feel real. It’s what he would’ve died for ten years ago. But now that he is dead, he doesn’t want it. It sounds nice. It sounds like something he could probably do and enjoy.
And he had never gotten to have that, any of that. He couldn’t. And it wasn’t just because he died so suddenly on some fucking rebar. It was because the
Dean smiles softly in response and leans forward to quickly peck at Cas’ lips once more, and his friend melts into the gesture. It feels good – to feel like his affection is desired.
Dean shakes his head, trying to stay in the present. But it’s hard. He’s dead. He’s actually fucking dead. Shit, he always knew he’d die. He’s already died more times than he can even remember. But no amount of thinking about a theoretical permanent death can actually prepare you for how weird it really is.
Dean had always known he sometimes felt attraction to guys. But it was something he never felt like he could do much about. He knew his dad would’ve beat the shit out of him years ago if he’d caught Dean kissing another boy. Hell, he almost
It had been about six months since that final loss, and it was the one that hurt the most. Absentmindedly, Dean brushes the nonexistent dust off the left shoulder of his jacket and heads inside.
“Nope.”
Sam stands up, confused. "We defeated Chuck. We should all be celebrating."
Fuck what Cas said.
person he had wanted was already dead.
Sam continues to be calm, but something in his eyes tells Dean that he empathizes. "Dean," he starts, quietly, "Jack is gone. I don't know where, but I'm sure he's doing things that we can't even begin to understand. And Cas -"
, Sam, but in case you haven't noticed, our family isn't fucking here anymore!"
He could throw up.
“Jo, my God, you look –"
Goddamn, why does everyone ask him that?
Sure enough, Dean's cock twitches. Still only poking his head through the door, Dean tries to smile. He's not sure the expression makes it to his face.
, Cas tells himself.
Sam laughs harder than he should at the shitty joke. He shifts nervously on his feet beside Dean.
But Dean’s not hearing this. “Have you seen Cas?”
Dean swallows down the lump forming in his throat. Opens the door, just enough to poke his head through. Cas is sitting in the chair beside his unused bed, putting a book aside.
This emotion he was feeling – if he were still alive, he’d call it pain. There was a hint of tightness in his chest. But it seemed there was something in the air in this place that was keeping him more melancholy than miserable.
“Son,” John says. “Why don’t you come home with us tonight? Our place –“ he beckons between himself and Mary “- isn’t too far from here. You’d like it.”
Someone to be in his bed every night. Someone he could shower with in the morning and kiss and enjoy. Someone he was truly at peace with.
John had arrived sooner than expected. It had been a close fucking call.
And Dean’s spent his whole life trying to do the right thing for other people. Trying to keep his family going. Trying to help his dad. Trying to take care of Sam.
He spies Sam again and calls his name. His brother turns around, and the shift in his position reveals who he’s standing in front of. Their parents. It’s a little overwhelming to see them together again. John and Mary smile, and Mary gestures for him to come back. It’s a no-brainer, really. Patting Sam’s shoulder, he moves to stand beside his brother.
And even before his dad can finish the thought, Dean knows what he’s going to say.
The guilt always drowned him afterward.
He swallows hard.
“Sam is coming.” John smiles that kind of gentle “dad” smile Dean always yearned for and rarely got. “It’s time to be a family again.” John smirks to himself. “Well, until Eileen gets here. Then I guess she and Sam will want their own place.” He winks at Mary and rubs his hand across his stubbled jaw. “But Dean, you...”
“Dean,” she says, sniffling a little, “You got old, man.”
When they were alone together late at night watching movies. When they were sitting near each other at all those cheap diners. When Dean told a terrible joke that made Castiel roll his eyes.
Mary wants a lot of things. She wants to know how he’s been. She wants to hear more about Sam and Eileen. She wants him to know that she’s okay with everything that happened to her. She insists she’s not bitter about it. “Jack has apologized to me multiple times for what happened.” Mary waves her hand dismissively. “I forgave him a long time ago. It’s something that happened, just like everything else that happened to us.” She smiles at Dean. “I’ve been here with your dad in a perfect home, and we’ve been given a second chance. This place – heaven is
Dean can’t look at him. “What do you mean?” he says to his sandwich.
Mary puts a hand on his shoulder, and Dean curses himself internally for immediately thinking of Cas. Cas had pulled him out by his shoulder. Cas should never have pulled him out. The angel would’ve been better off.
lovely, isn’t he? Such pretty eyes and a pretty mouth. I bet you’re just wishing right now you could hold him, but”- it pauses and releases Cas’ coat –“you can’t. And you never will.”
Cas continues to stare. He is not going to give in to this.
He grins again. “You think I’m old – I barely made it into my forties. Sam over here –“ he pauses to gesture toward his brother whom he can’t actually find in the crowd. Whatever. “Sam was like in his eighties. The dude belongs in a museum.”
Well, that's the understatement of the year. He's fucking miserable. But Dean doesn't want this sadness, this misery. He wants to be in control.
Dean closes his eyes for a moment.
The Empty can sense the shift in his demeanor. “Ah. There it is.” It is still circling Cas slowly, and now Meg’s form is standing at his side. A hand trails up his arm, softly gripping his bicep. He wants to pull away. He doesn’t.
Dean shrugs and hugs Rufus. Before he can turn around, there’s a hand on his shoulder. He turns quickly, his survival reflexes still on point, and it’s Jo. She’s smiling and looks light and happy. It’s a far cry from the last time Dean saw her with her guts spilling out. This is how he wants to see her.
good to see Ash. It’s good to see Rufus. It’s good to see Bobby and Ash and Jo and Ellen. For so long, his memories of them had been tarnished with bad, bloody deaths. This is his chance to live again without conflict or threat.
Making his way to the bathroom, Dean strips his shirt off. Pulls down his pants. Turns on the shower. The water is warm and feels incredible on his scalp. He’s horny; his skin is overly sensitive. He washes himself thoroughly. More thoroughly than usual? Maybe? Perhaps just with more purpose. He soaps up his cock, and he winces as he strokes it to rinse.
Probably not. Hell, things were probably pretty good before things went to shit.
This is a flashback chapter in Cas' point of view! This takes place immediately after he dies in 15x18.
Charlie claps her hands together. “Shit, he lived a whole other life without us.”
it was copying her form.
He sighed, waiting for something. Anything.
"Damn straight that my boys got pretty girls." John pauses and looks over to Dean, his smile dropping noticeably. "Well, Sam at least." There's something in John's eye that Dean can't quite name.
. And now the moment he had begun to love Dean arched back toward the beginning of his existence: Castiel could scarcely tell when loving Dean began and ended. It didn't matter. These few years were the only ones that mattered in his long life.
Then he hugs her. It’s a firm hug and not too long, but it’s good. Still looking up at him, her smile drops. “What happened, Dean? You shouldn’t be here yet.” Mary eyes him softly, and Dean doesn’t want to answer. He opens his mouth to say something. Nothing comes out.
The Roadhouse is just like Dean remembered, but somehow better. More comfortable. More light. The atmosphere is pretty much the same, but Dean figures it's so good because of who's there. And he's genuinely smiling. Happy. He's a little surprised at himself for being able to feel like this. Moments of happiness had been so lacking in the last few years of his life that any instance of it shone brightly in his memory. This little spark of joy is welcome. It almost distracts him from the thorn poking into his side:
He resists.
Panting, he tries to stand up straight. The darkness surrounding him somehow seems thicker. “What now?” He means to sound bold and unbothered. He’s not.
It was imperceptible to Cas when he had lived the moment, but now, forced to watch this memory in sickening detail, Cas can see the subtle slump in Dean’s shoulders. His face is no longer open. No longer vulnerable. Dean’s expression becomes closed off. “Oh, yeah. I figured.” Dean nods and smiles. It doesn’t reach his eyes. “Just wanted to check.” And he’s leaving the room, closing the door behind him.
He would never admit that precious thought out loud, but he craved it. A small house that was his, not the rambling bunker built for war. A small house with a garage for Baby. A small house with a tidy kitchen and windows that had floral curtains like the ones he remembered his mom decorated their family home with before she had died. And it hadn’t happened. None of it.
When Dean comes back to earth, his parents are still there. It was probably too much to hope for awkwardness to be absent from Heaven. He’s never been that lucky.
Cas follows him into the Roadhouse without another word.
He swallows hard. Opens his eyes. Baby looks fucking majestic in the evening light.
“No.”
Still nothing. But Cas is smiling.
His chest is pounding. He can hear his blood pulsing in his ears. But he isn’t scared. He’s not even necessarily worried. He’s just... dealing with a lot. Dean looks down, tipping the toe of his boot into the red tinted dirt. Scrapes it back and forth, forging a tiny path in the soil, and he works to calm his breathing. What the fuck does he want right now? He wants to live. And there’s something poetically fucked up that he can’t, by definition, because he’s dead. But what does it mean now to be dead? Does anything he does even matter? Could he just get fucking stabbed again by accident or drive Baby off a slippery road and dive off a cliff? Can he even get hurt? Can he feel anything?
“Dude,” Dean starts. He’s never been the best at comforting but not for lack of trying. “You guys had a lot of good years together. And she’ll be here soon. Don’t worry about it.” He attempts a comforting glance Sam’s direction. Judging by Sam’s bitch face, it wasn’t his best work. “And we’ve died plenty of times, Sam. This is a cakewalk. A new Heaven that ain’t just reliving your sappiest memories? Sign me right up.”
His hands are shaking. Actually fucking shaking. He swallows hard.
“Mom. Dad,” he acknowledges, unsure and he doesn’t know why.
She’s right.
Mary nods gently, saying nothing.
He had loved in a way that was so human, and it had taken him far too long to figure out that his ever-present desire to be near Dean had a name: love.
his dad
It turns dark. The Roadhouse might not sound like the kind of place to have killer ambience, but it does. Cozy and warm. Folks are living it up. Throwing back drinks, playing pool, talking shit. Sam leaves after a bit to help Jo lift a few heavy boxes behind the counter. And Dean isn’t quite sure why, but he immediately wishes Sam hadn’t. He’s not ready to be left alone with his mom
Sam quickly changes the subject. “Once Eileen is here – you guys will love her. She’s the best.” Sam is smiling happily, and Dean can breathe in relief. They can all talk for a while about how great Sam’s wife is – and she honestly is – and Dean can be left alone. Smiling, Mary listens in rapt attention to Sam describe his wife and child. John offers up an awkward fist bump after asking if Eileen was pretty and getting an affirmative response.
Hello! This chapter is another somewhat short one and picks up where chapter 3 left off.
“I appreciate it, Dad.” He raises a hand.
Dean smiles like he doesn't give a shit, but he does give a shit, and he doesn't like this conversation anymore. But it’s good - it’s undeniably good: seeing his parents again. They are well. There’s no threat. No pain in their faces. No one is dying because they’re already dead, you know? The pressure is off.
Because he’d heard those words he’d fantasized of for so long. “I love you,” and he hadn’t known what to do. “I love all of you.”
Yeah, that got Dean.
And whatever embarrassment, whatever pain, whatever personal failings he had suffered before were nothing compared to the shame he felt now. It was heavy, leaden, dripping desire drowning in utter shame.
It sounds like Sam is saying something distantly in the background, so far away.
Sure enough, just outside, there’s Sam hugging Cas tightly, and the two are smiling broadly and laughing about something. There’s a pang of
He takes a breath, wondering why he’s even awake at all.
Dean smiles through it. “Yeah, he did. Got married to a great girl and had a kid. Named him ‘Dean’ of all stupid things.”
Dean is tempted. He really is. But he hesitates. He wants to take a leap. He’s
Shit. Damn. This – God, everyone is going to ask him this. Truth be told, he doesn’t want to be constantly explaining how he died. It hurt. It sucked. It wasn’t what he wanted. He – he –
-“Actually a clever move. I expected you, but Billie as well; that was just delicious.” It strides closer to him, looking proud, chin high. “I hope you’re not expecting a thanks.”
He can see himself – see his own memories. And there he is with Dean in Dean’s bedroom, reclining next to each other on Dean’s bed, watching a movie on Dean’s laptop. They’re laughing over something stupid. And there it is. Cas can see it: the fondness in Dean’s eyes as he looks at Cas. A slight quirk of Dean’s lips.
What is he hoping for from this, exactly? Dean tries to steady his breath and think.
The finality of it is overwhelming.
Dean pulls back just enough for his face mere inches from Cas’. They look at each other silently for a moment. Dean takes in the blue eyes, the expressive mouth quirking into a soft smile, all the tiny things that make Cas
But what did that mean?
He had wanted that. Wanted to know at all times he was valued. He wanted to easily kiss someone and wrap his arm around them. Wanted to know someone wanted him too, that someone would never leave him. That he had someone he could always rely on.
Dean watches them walk away and sit on barstools. He watches as Cas has to shift his trench coat in order to get onto a stool correctly, and there's something so goddamn normal about it that Dean feels his stomach flip, and he adds fucking melting to the list of conflicting emotions he's feeling right now.
But in that life, in that moment, he doesn’t. Past-Cas is unsure. Doesn’t know quite why he’s suddenly breathing so hard. He can’t
He had felt shame back when he was alive. The times he thought of Cas like that. It just... it felt
Watching Castiel continue to study him is nerve-wracking to say the least. Dean's heart is hammering in his chest. He can feel tiny droplets of water making their way from his scalp, down to his neck, then trickle down his chest and back.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" he yells.
“Busy doing
Then the Empty appeared before him. There was a rippling in the dark material that made up the space, a dark form, and then Meg. Why it had chosen to steal Meg’s visage, Cas didn’t know. He didn’t like it. Meg didn’t deserve that.
having a moment right now. No doubt about that. And the world didn’t end. There’s no emergency. Nothing is stopping them.
His shoulders shake as he begins to sob in earnest. No one understood. How could anyone understand? Sam tried to console, but he didn't get it. Dean couldn't bring himself to tell Sam what exactly had happened when Cas died, and Sam was smart enough not to press even though he really wanted to know. Cas was his friend, too. Hell, he probably deserved to know. Eileen was reaching out, too. She treated Dean with more gentleness than he deserved, and she'd given him a really fucking cool knife she'd found just a couple weeks ago. It was nice. It made Dean feel cared for. He had family. Dammit, he knew he had family. But he wanted, he
"Cas - you - I just want you so bad. I want you back. I wish you'd told me what kinda deal you'd made. We could've figured something out. We would've worked at it. I wouldn't have let that thing take you, Cas." He tries to look around, checking his privacy, but the tears have made the world blurry. "We could've been happy."
“I think Cas might be in love with you.”
He wants the things he’s always wanted. Peace. Domesticity. Nothing gunning for him. Hell, he’s always secretly wanted a Stevie Nicks poster in his bedroom: he’d given that dream up years ago thinking Sam would give him shit about it. Maybe - maybe now getting shit wouldn’t matter. Or maybe he wouldn’t get shit on at all.
His breath is coming in jagged puffs that hurt. “No. No. Dean can live now. He has a chance. He can get married or have a family. He can get out of hunting. He can do anything he wants,” Cas insists, his voice growing louder. More urgent.
Sam huffs a dramatic sigh and gives Dean some major side-eye. There’s a slight upward tilt to his lips. Cocky little bitch.
He can’t let go. He won’t let go. This impossible moment has been dreamed of for six months that felt like an eternity. Cas is real and corporeal and he’s warm and the stubble on his face is scratching Dean’s cheek. Dean breathes the moment in.
Six Months Ago
Cas swallowed hard. “Think of what, Dean?”
“What other family have you got, son?” John raises an eyebrow. His voice verges on unkind.
much better now, Dean.” She means it.
Water is still dripping down his chest. His hair is a little too wet.
The air is forced out of him as he rushes into another memory.
It takes much less time to arrive at the Roadhouse than Dean expected, but it’s not unwelcome. He’s got Sam. He’s sure his parents are inside waiting for them: the lights of the Roadhouse are on in the late afternoon light, and he can hear the bustling of folks inside. Music wafts out the windows and into the warm air. Bobby is standing in the doorway talking to someone Dean can’t quite make out, but he can tell Bobby is happy. It’s good seeing him smile like that. Sighing, Dean even thinks he could get used to seeing everyone happy again. When had they ever been happy all at the same time? Fucking never.
Next chapter picks up where we left off in chapter 1!
Now Meg’s face is smiling a toothy smile. “No. He won’t. He doesn’t want a pretty wife and adorable little babies. He wants
what he said. It’s over. Can’t do anything about it now.
“It’s okay, Dean. It’s rhetorical. I shouldn’t have asked right now.”
John heaves a sigh. “Alright. I just didn’t know you guys were that close.” But Dean can tell it isn’t really alright with him. It’s more like a splinter under John’s skin that he can’t quite pry out right now but will come back to it later with a needle. Better prepared.
And Mary is about to shush John, and Dean just wants to leave because he’s party tired and now the party is just starting to crank up, and when Dean casts his eyes to his left, he can see Ellen doing shots with Cas and they are both laughing, and the sight of Cas enjoying himself and taking shots even though it doesn’t give him a buzz just makes Dean’s chest feel tight. And he wants to go home with him.
He downs his beer. Saunters over to the counter, replacing his empty bottle with another cold one handed to him by Jo. She winks before returning to her mom’s side. He chats more with Rufus. Then with Ash. His mullet is even more carefully styled than before. Leaning against the counter, Ash smiles confidently, puffing on a fat cigar.
And there's the question. How is he supposed to seduce Castiel? He's never really done the seduction part in a relationship before; the women he's been with have always done that. And any guy he's been with before, well, there was never much seduction involved for either party. And it's been years since he's been with any guy.
Sam clears his throat again. God, the timing on this guy. Dean shoots him a dirty look. “So, Mom, what’s your place like?” Sam glances at Dean, and Dean knows that face
He pushes the door open harder than he should, and the sound startles Cas and Sam apart. Sam’s eyes look a little wet.
He’s in his room in the bunker. It’s bare and quiet. He’s reading a book on the hummingbirds of Central America and wondering over their intelligence and physical capabilities. There’s a knock on his door and Cas,
Pulling the cigar theatrically out of his lips, Ash breathes deeply and smirks. “Never used to, but Heaven is new and improved, and I’ve always wondered about these bad boys. I’m livin’ the dream, Dean.” He puffs himself up, and Dean would laugh at his posturing if he wasn’t so relieved to see him.
Yeah. Dean could do that.
This chapter picks up where chapter 1 left off.
." And just like that, he sinks to his knees beside the tree. He wipes his coat-sleeve over his face but misses half the tears.
He pulls Cas’ face forward and presses their mouths together. He can feel Cas’ breath hitch for a moment. Maybe it’s shock. Maybe it’s surprise. Maybe it’s something else entirely. Like joy.
Dean straightens out his now-slumped shoulders. Plasters a confident smile on his face. “Oh, yeah. I figured. Just wanted to check.” He turns around and leaves before Cas can say or do anything to make him feel more foolish than he already does. His footsteps are quiet as he makes his way down the hall to his own room. Not that he would admit it, but his eyes are fucking stinging and his chest aches.
“Come here.” And Mary is pulling him into another hug. It’s good. His dad hugs him next, and Sam is saying something about how great this is. Dean’s tempted to roll his eyes just to be a bitch.
He couldn’t bring himself to hope for a wife and kids the way Sam did. Sam had Eileen. She was ever-present and optimistic and she was what Sam needed. And Sam seemed to be what she needed. Dean would watch them together when the three of them were hanging out. Watching movies. Going to shitty diners. They would wrap their arms around each other so comfortably and securely. Sam and Eileen would share smiles and kiss affectionately. Dean was happy for them. Truly. So it disturbed him to feel pangs of... something. Not quite envy, but definitely a related emotion.
It sneers. Eyes him up and down. “I knew you would tell him. I knew that would be what brings you back to me.” It reaches out one of Meg’s hands and trails her fingers down the lapel of his trench coat. “Dean Winchester
“Oh,” Mary says in the middle of describing the kitchen, “You got to say hi to Cas, right? I think I just saw him with Ellen.”
And Cas knows the torment is about to begin. But he can take this. Because he got to tell Dean. He got to do the one thing he thought he could never do. Nothing else mattered. Dean Winchester was saved and he knew he was cared for. What else mattered?
As they stood there on that bridge together, the air a perfect temperature, a hint of breeze just cool enough to nip at their skin, Sam dug his hands deep into his pockets and had the nerve to suggest they could probably just *zap* themselves to the Roadhouse given that it’s heaven. Dean had given him the stink eye.
Cas watches himself nod. Watches Dean’s teeth snag his lower lip. And Dean opens the door, revealing his figure; the lamp’s glow in Cas’ room highlighting Dean in stark contrast to the dark hallway behind him. Dean’s damp hair is messy, and he is shirtless, wearing only his pajama pants sitting low on his hips. He’d clearly just showered.
“Sweet dreams.”
“Much better that either of us sorry sons of bitches,” Dean interjects.
much the wrong time, but the image of him sweating and bent over and Cas thrusting against his ass flashes in his mind and Dean is suddenly so, so ready to leave.
"- And Cas was a warrior, Dean. He'd led a very violent existence long before we came into his life. He was a fighter, and he knew the risks."
It saunters away from him, confidently swaying Meg’s hips. “Dean is so hungry, and Cas”- it says, voice now soft and trembling. “He would have been so soft and warm for you. He would have cried out for you and begged you to do filthy things to his body”-
John’s smile drops slightly. “Sounds like you’re about to turn your folks down, son.”
It’s a punch to his gut. How strange is that? - that his body feels sick and hurt hearing words of reassurance that he wants to hear?
Sam had wanted to see the Roadhouse first thing and hug Bobby. There were tears in Sam’s eyes when Dean told him the old man had been waiting for him. Of course, it sounded like Bobby wasn’t the
Dean grouses. “How the hell would I know? Heaven stuff.”
Now Meg’s form puffs her chest. A sly smile shifts her lips. “I’m sure you could,” it says, now slowly walking a close circle around Cas, occasionally reaching out again with a finger to trace his coat. “But that isn’t what you’ll be thinking about forever.”
Cas’ eyes widen.
him. Don’t you want to know how he felt?” Meg’s laugh echoes loudly in his ears. Castiel feels violently ill. He still can’t move. The hand is caressing his face once more in mock seduction. “That night the two of you were alone in that car”- and Cas knows exactly which moment. It was a couple months prior to Mary’s death and Cas leaving. They had run out to get a burger for Dean in the middle of the night. They’d just made their way back and were parked in front of the bunker. The car was turned off. But Dean sat next to Cas, unmoving, and Cas had been almost startled to feel Dean’s fingertips brush against his in the empty space between them on the Impala’s bench seat. Dean had looked at him in a way Cas hadn’t been able to name at the time, so he did nothing. Breath hitched and bubbling uncertainty welled in his gut. He just sat there until Dean looked away and gestured for them to take the food inside.
. Somehow, he had become contrary to his own nature.
Mary rolls her eyes. “I told you before, John. Castiel is Dean’s best friend. He was a good friend to both our boys.”
When had Dean not been used? God, it was embarrassing how he just absolutely melted when a girl he was fucking would caress his jaw tenderly or compliment him in the moment. Dean sighed again and wiped his hand across his face. There was a bridge before him, and he was feeling a strange, strong pull to it. He pulled Baby over, got out, and strode onto it.
