“Can you help me or not, Tony?” Steve asks, exasperation creeping into his tone.
Steam all but rises from Ross’s ears and the aid to his left leans in to mutter something private the microphone doesn’t pick up. Next to Tony, Rhodey is tense, his left hand tapping against the side of one of his braces.
Tony sighs, dropping back into the chair across from him. He shoots Steve a lopsided grin with only a touch of self-deprecation, and Steve will take it. “When’d you get so smart, huh?”
“Get us to the surface, J. As fast as you can.”
“Cut the shit. You heard me. If we’re going to war with universe-destroying aliens, we’re going to need all hands on deck.” Where his fists are clenched in his slacks, Tony’s fingernails dig painfully into his skin. Ross gives a heavy sigh and rolls his eyes. “As far as I’m concerned, it’s the least you can do.” When Tony’s frown deepens Ross barks out a laugh. “Get over yourself, no one cares what happened between you and your fugitive boy-toy. This takes priority over everything else.”
and a huff of air before Tony and Rhodes are both laughing, and Steve imagines Tony half-wrapped around him, while Rhodes, straight-faced, tries to squirm out of the embrace.
“It’s never been like this before,” Steve whispers.
“Don’t try to be the hero.” Tony laughs wetly into his chest and fists his hands into the soft creases of his t-shirt. Steve cards his fingers through his hair and Tony tries to savour the feeling.
“Hold on.” When Steve opens his mouth again Tony shoots him a fierce look and he snaps it shut. Tony allows himself two shuddering breaths, just two, enough to stop the trembling in his fingertips even though the rest of his arm still rattles at his side and a small gust of wind might tip him over.
When Bucky went back into cryostasis, Steve tore the star off his uniform. They call him fugitive, a criminal and Steve’s certainly not Tony’s partner anymore. Tony’s all but said as much. He hasn’t answered Steve’s letter and the phone never rings.
drowning and they weren’t going to make it.
. One day soon, he’s going to marry this man.
“This doesn’t have anything to do with you. Buck’s fine. He’s ready. Right Bucky?” Steve glances past him to Barnes who stays silent, shaking his head with eyes the size of dinner plates.
There’s nothing left and Steve knows it. The physical manifestation of being back in this broken, cursed body is just the last nail in the coffin.
Steve had worn this tie on their wedding day.
“I don’t want to be like Howard. And if that’s who I am in your story now, that’s okay. I can figure out how to live with that. But you’re not Maria. If you were, we wouldn’t be here, would we?” A flicker of a smile crosses Steve’s face, half-hidden in the inconsistent light.
“We’ll be there, then.” As he handed the phone back towards a gaping Steve, the line clicked and went dead. “What?”
He knows he should feel humiliated. With both feet planted in reality, this should feel pathetic and shameful, but Steve can’t force himself to care. He’s stopped caring about a great many things over the past few weeks, and this is just another one to add to the list.
Tony had been angry, thrusting back against him and enveloping him in that silken, sweet heat as his rich scent went bitter around the edges. Steve had tasted his loss and resentment on his tongue. Whispered apologies and promises to make things right rewarded him with whiffs of hazelnuts gone too soon; Tony’s unbridled arousal.
“We’ve spent months preparing for this,” Steve’s tone is conversational, but his eyes are hard. “Months getting the team ready, while you’ve been off God knows where in ‘retirement’. Bucky’s worked hard. He’s doing so much better and he was ready for this. You didn’t have any right. This isn’t your team anymore.”
On a clear day when Tony has full access to his rational thoughts, he can remind himself with confidence that no, he hasn’t left the team in full. If anything, he’s doing Fury a belated favour by stepping back into the consulting role he had been asked to fill from the beginning.
A stain, if you asked Bucky.
Steve indulges himself, only once, sliding the tip of his cock into Tony’s mouth to spurt across his tongue. It’s bitter and salty but when Steve drags his thumb across a streak near the edge of his mouth and presses it inside, Tony sucks that down too.
and Steve doesn’t bother trying to hold back a moan.
The ticking of the plain white and black clock mocks him as the seconds drag on like hours. There’s a shuffling outside of his door and in his minds’ eye Tony gets a glimpse of a rumpled Steve, scrambling off the ground when his phone goes off and wiping sleep from his eyes.
Steve wakes up screaming every night for a week.
“There’s a sight.” Steve’s breath was hot in Tony’s ear, one hand stroked up his chest to curl around the side of his neck.
“You’re planning a party?” Steve asked, pushing back from the table and starting to clear away the plates. This newfound friendship with Tony was a relationship he relished most of all.
He pours a generous finger and knocks it back in one burning swig.
“Oh, God,” Tony groans, burying his face in his shoulder. “Do you have to be so goddamn genuine all the time?”
It’s a trick Steve taught him years ago, and he lets his calf absorb the blow to avoid falling for the next rough twist. Tony growls in frustration when Steve holds fast, and for a moment they’re locked together and breathing hard. Tony’s little match for his strength and that only seems to make him flush redder. He’s shaking, digging his nails into Steve’s hands.
“Jerk,” Steve mutters, tightening his arm around Tony’s waist.
Tony spreads his hands in front of him, gives Steve an expectant look. “If the unchecked rage and emotional immaturity fits?”
Tony seethes.
“It wasn’t a onesie!” Peter pipes up from across the room, drawing everyone’s attention to his heightened sense of hearing. The young arachnid blushes lightly. So endearing.
“Tony, oh my god.” Something wet splashes against Tony’s cheek and he startles, eyes flying open when he realizes that Steve is crying. The little droplets are rolling down his cheeks, even as he tries to keep his eyes open, and Tony almost gags, his throat closing up as tears threaten behind his eyes.
“Course, sweetheart. You know I love when she visits.” Steve bites back a grin, then adds, “Maybe I should get the kayaks back out of the shed? It might still be warm by the time she gets here, and you know how much she loves the little island.”
Now, Steve feels like his whole body is on fire and Tony is only putting out the parts he can reach. He aches, breath tight in his lungs, and he wants Tony to put his hands back on his face, press teeth into his throat, and make promises they don’t have any more time to keep.
“Steve?” Bucky gave him a hesitant look. He hadn’t felt this uncertain in a lifetime. The memory of a skinny, bony little Alpha, arms wrapped around his waist, swam behind his eyes.
Done in by his own base instincts.
“Prove me wrong, Steve,” Tony whispers.
.” His hand tightens in Tony’s hair and Tony dips forward, nosing against the crease of his thigh before sucking him down, hollowing his cheeks and creating that tight, hot suction that drives Steve wild.
“Just do it,” Tony crawls off the bed and yanks off his slacks and boxers together while Steve stands their dumbfounded, eyes jumping back and forth between Tony and the condom in his hand. He sighs, exasperated, and takes it back, tearing it open with a smooth rip and sliding it over Steve.
Who was he kidding anyway?
Tony’d near forgotten how good it could be, not letting himself think about it as he worked his way back to Steve slowly, carefully. But all three of them… the potential for all that pleasure left Tony’s mouth watering.
The realization that Tony could have just as easily sat down and joined them, feeling more at ease than he has in months, is jarring. But maybe that’s how these things happen. One morning, you wake up and the puzzle pieces are slotting back together, picking up speed as the image becomes clear.
“You’re a meddling bucket of bolts. I am
The early days at the Compound had flown by quickly, Bucky barely retaining anything as he met countless new faces and tried desperately not to get lost in the various wings of the building. His access codes were heavily restricted, and sometimes he’d find himself trapped – something he still swore was a joke Stark had been playing on him – unable to figure out where he’d come from.
Tony, laying down on the wire. Every single time. How could Steve have ever thought differently?
When Tony opens his eyes in the morning, he relishes the delicious body high that comes along with feeling fucked out, instead of fucked up. When he stretches, every muscle aches and screams for relief, reminiscent of the ways Steve has touched him. How he’s held him, cherished him, and pushed him to limits he hasn’t experienced or yearned for in months.
He wants to sink to the ground and beg Tony to believe him that he’s trying and he’s so goddamn sorry. He hadn’t meant for it to go on this long.
“I want it done by the end of the day, Stark,” Ross snaps at the edge of his awareness.
“I don’t know what I’m doing with you, Tony. I don’t know how to be the person you need me to be and I’m terrified of fucking this up. Do you understand?”
Tony must be flushing pink all over, he thought absently, shocked to the core with the intense desire Bucky was radiating across their bond.
“It’s Bucky,” Steve says, looking him right in the eye. He doesn’t waver or mince his words. He hands it over to Tony and after, he holds his breath, waiting for the fallout. “The Winter Soldier is Bucky, and I have to find him.”
He hollows out his cheeks until Steve’s vision starts to blur, clearing his throat when he pulls off to take him in deeper. Without the serum, Steve’s cock is smaller and Tony seems to take pride in how he can take him fully into his mouth for the first time, swallowing around Steve’s cockhead until Steve has to close his eyes. He loses himself in the hot depth of Tony’s throat. It’s too good.
Clint just shrugged. “Since he’s under the impression that “retirement” is a long weekend and few extra weeks holiday in a year, I’ll be taking the Quinjet wherever I damn well please.”
Tony is merciless.
he’d say, tugging at the waistband of Steve’s pants as they shoved them down his legs together.
“What is that?” Tony demanded, brows furrowing as he inhaled deeply. He scowled down at the meal in Steve’s hands. “Okay, I’m not sure what your problem is, but this feels a little low even for you, Cap. Seriously, fuck off with that.” Tony waved his arm dismissively in Steve’s general direction.
A few days in New York could be manageable. Tony could go back, stay at the Tower in a guest room or something. It didn’t have to be as maudlin as he feels.
“Tony, if you don’t know–if you’re not sure, then maybe we should wait and you can–”
Steve reached across the nightstand and tugged the small puppet into the bed with him.
There’s been sightings of the Rogues in Eastern Europe and the Council doesn’t know what to make of it all as the weeks stretch into months and they still haven’t been brought to justice. Unease stirs between the various governments. What if something comes and the Rogues are needed? What if the rebellion of so many of the Enhanced was worth turning a kind ear towards?
Pitching forward, Tony lets himself be caught, Steve’s mouth hot and wet against his own as he works Steve harder now. Sharp drags of his hips grind them together faster until Steve is groaning and gripping so tight, he’s on his way to replenishing the fading bruises on Tony’s hips.
Steve’s head snaps up, startled. He clocks the space on the bed, the way that Tony holds his good arm up waiting to pull him in, the blanket pulled back in an open invitation. “No, it’s—you don’t have to… I’ll be—”
to that someone else on Bucky’s account.
After Sam starts his B.A.R.F. sessions with Rhodey, things start to shift in Tony’s run-ins with the rest of the team. It shouldn’t still shock him, by now, the amount of himself he needs to give before he receives scraps in return. As if he hadn’t given them so much already, before now.
Tony wrote the playbook on pushing everyone out but not now. Not when Steve’s finally come clean and Tony needs him to stay more than ever.
Tony’s face goes carefully neutral. “Regrets?”
The light from the arc reactor feels too bright, lighting up all the new lines Tony traces in Steve’s face. The divots that have formed and remained along the expanse of his forehead, pinched between his eyebrows. Such a serious, intent focus.
It’s bad form when Tony doesn’t turn up for the Rogues’ return the following afternoon.
Tony can hardly fault the rest of the Avengers for their frustrations. It’s not that he doesn’t share them on especially charged days, but after so many months, the sting has gone dull. Life is unfair, isn’t that what everyone always says?
Peter shudders and goes limp, tears slipping out of the corner of his eyes. Steve feels him disappearing, even before he goes. There’s a snap second of horror where Steve knows he’s disappearing, just before Peter’s arm turns to ash between Steve’s fingers, and Tony pitches forward with a gasp.
But Tony had always had a difficult time letting Steve in and bit by bit, Steve worked to earn his faith and eventually he had given in. A flower of hope had bloomed in Steve’s chest at the thought that maybe his presence could bring Tony some peace from the night terrors, but when Tony’s thrashing and screaming in his sleep had woken Steve multiple nights in a row, the onslaught of helplessness was crushing.
“Don’t be obtuse, J, it doesn’t suit you. What else could
“No, you don’t,” Tony snaps, gesturing a touch too wild towards Steve. “What part of ‘don’t want to see you, stop calling me’ didn’t make it through your thick skull? Get out.”
That sounded more like it. The way that Steve had come back in, white as a sheet, paired with this revelation, suggested that Steve had had no idea how significant his injuries had been after Siberia. Click, click, click, all the little pieces started to fit into place.
“Okay!” Steve gave an uneven chuckle, heat spreading across his cheeks as his ears burned. Bucky thumped him on the back as the rest of the group laughed and Tony leered.
He dropped down to straddle Bucky’s hips; Steve chuckling next to them and already reaching out for them, as he if couldn’t keep his hands off them.
That’s how they end up back at the Tower, creeping in one of the service entrances like bandits in the night because Tony will be damned if he runs into Pepper or Happy, or Odin-forbid, Rhodey on a last-minute visit into the city. JARVIS directs them through the Tower without being detected, which seems to startle Steve before he relaxes and whispers that he’s missed him into the quiet of the elevator. JARVIS doesn’t reply.
When he had begged not to feel so lonely, this isn’t quite what he was hoping for. Resentment burns like acid in the back of his throat.
“Fuck me. Come on Steve, fuck me. Oh, oh fuck I’m going to—” Tony’s teeth grind together when he clenches down hard, as if he can bite back the pleasure and Steve’s name, together. He spills hot and wet across his stomach and Steve fucks him through it at a brutal pace, not letting up when he starts to whine and force him back with a hand on the hip.
“Thanks.”
In the tenderness, Steve wants to believe that he’s home.
Sometimes it’s hard to remember Steve from before, like this. When he was all soft, sweet edges and bright eyes, turning his loving gaze on Tony so many times on a given day that he’d forgotten it wasn’t just Steve’s normal face. At some point Tony’s brain had rearranged all the schema and Steve’s baseline became crinkled eyes and toothy smiles.
But it’s too much, too soon, and he’d give anything to get off of this emotional rollercoaster and slide into their bed even if there hasn’t been a ‘
It feels so good to feel good.
Bucky wasn’t wrong; there had been a clear shift in Tony’s behaviour recently. Steve had attributed it to Stark Industries’ upcoming tablet release, and Tony’s work with the Maria Stark Foundation on a new charity branch, launching on a global scale to accompany their work with the Accords council.
He’d never told another soul, not even Peggy, when the smell of vanilla cream started to drift away, releasing its grip on Steve’s clothing. He’d tried to drink himself into a stupor when he realized that eventually, one day, it’d be the last time.
Bucky wears the biggest grin of them all and that’s maybe the first time he’s really seen the man smile. There’s nothing tight about it, either. Bucky is open and warm, putting in real energy that should throw Tony, but all it does is make him feel more at ease. Seems that everyone is trying these days.
“It has everything to do with me! This is
Not everyone is there, and Tony wants to scream because there hasn’t been enough time for screaming yet. There’s never going to be enough time for screaming.
“I want to watch him fuck you, filling you up with those metal fingers before he pounds you into the mattress. Oh fuck, you’d be so gorgeous together. Two beautiful alphas, all for me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sags forward over the console, landing heavily on the heels of his hands as he watches. Steve’s face is still contorted, but his hands have stopped shaking. Tony imagines that he’s preparing himself, reminding himself to take a deep breath, for whatever is going to come last. God, he doesn’t even want to know.
Tony was slick between his thighs, fluid already leaving shimmering trails down the backs of his legs, glistening with anticipation. Steve and Bucky exchanged a look that sent a fizzle of arousal straight to his cock, making it twitch against his belly.
He’s fucking picked wrong again.
“I’m going to take care of you, okay? Just like always, sweetheart. You’re safe, Tony. Wake up, now.”
Steve gives in because he has to. He’s given Tony all the right answers, and Steve understands how they got here. It was inevitable. Maybe it always was and he’s not surprised that he missed it.
I'm out of town tomorrow, so please enjoy this early update!
Tony had simply blinked in surprise, and then looked a little hurt. It wasn’t until later that Steve had realized that was Tony’s spectacular way of twisting the simple question into a comment on his Omega-hood; his lack of domesticity and nesting being a question of whether he was broken, or maybe not enough for the two mega-Alphas.
Jerking his head up, Steve realizes that Tony’s pushed up onto his hands and knees, giving him a concerned look over his shoulder. He shakes his head, trying to get himself under control, but the tears burn into full drops. Steve licks his lips, trying to generate enough saliva to swallow down how much he loves this beautiful, unbelievable man.
When he tries to sleep, later, exhausting himself with an argument he’s probably had with Steve a million times in his head already, sleep actually comes. It’s soft and gentle, so unfamiliar after the months of barbed nightmares.
“Alright?” Natasha echoes.
“Pep—Pep, ow!” Tony winces, forced to lean into her grip as her nails dig into his forearm.
“What?” Steve blinks in surprise, finally looking down to see Tony’s face, a mirror to his own grief. There’s a small smile on his lips even though his eyes are wet, one that holds a warm, full history.
“No!”
“I love you.”
Tony slides down and kneels between his thighs where Steve spreads his legs a little wider, relishing the masterpiece that is Tony Stark curved over his cock, lips shiny with spit and fingers glistening with lube.
Bucky segues the conversation into a story about his little sister, who Steve had apparently been fond of–and sweet on, depending on which of them you asked. Tony sits quietly, numb hand folded in his lap beneath the other, listening and forcing himself to be still.
“I’m not doing anything.”
Tony’s nails scramble down his back, leaving a trail of heat in their wake.
Tony. The constant ever since.
“Nat wants to get a drink. Talk.”
“Sir, suit integrity 55%. Even with all additional power redirected to the thrusters, the chances of survival at this rate are—”
It’s a shade more damning than the first.
Tony goes to shove him, again and Steve catches his arms easily, tugging him in. “I’m sorry. Tony, please listen to me. I’m so sorry.”
Pepper clocks the glass in his hand and for a second Tony wishes he had had the foresight to pluck a second flute from the tray; something to chase down Pepper’s disappointment with.
“Not your fault.” Tony breezes on. “Seriously, Terminator, I don’t blame you for it, so you can let that go.” The words tumble out before Tony even realizes that they’re true. “Just think about it, if it would help any. I can send the program information over to Shuri to make sure it doesn’t conflict with whatever she’s been doing with you, or set you back or something.”
“This is what you wanted, right? For the whole city to know I’m yours? What was it you said, Steve?” Tony pauses, the little hitch in Steve’s breathing signaling Tony has his full attention now. “You wanted to ‘fuck me like a whore for the whole world to see’? Oh, come on, Captain, I know you can do better than that—”
So he reminds himself of how much he misses her. A few times, until he can feel her fingers running through his hair and her soft weight against him, curled up in a sisterly comfort he’d never known before he’d met her.
They fuck—just fuck. Sometimes they share meals. Sometimes they watch movies, and when Tony falls asleep half in his lap up in the penthouse and Steve shifts them into his bed to spend the night, they laugh it off as an accident.
“Whatever, come on.”
“What are we doing?” Steve whispers.
letting me do this.”
“FRI?”
“Steve, no—”
“Fiancé, actually,” Tony corrects.
“Partner,” Tony supplies gently.
“You’ve got a good kid, there.” Nat gives him a tiny, knowing smile.
It had been a secret for years, and a dangerous one. Alpha-Alpha relationships were simply not done. Not before Steve went into the ice anyway – hadn’t that been an unexpected surprise – because back then, depending on who you asked, it was a crime against the natural process.
It’s not an accusation, simply a question.
Steve forces himself to relax, pushing the calm into the muscles that bunch and stiffen in his shoulders until he can ease back against the pillow. One of Tony’s hands tangles with his own and when he closes his eyes, the glow is still there, exactly where it should be.
“It’s okay Queens.” His voice cracks. He grips Peter’s arm tighter, anchoring him to the Earth. He’ll replace gravity if he has to. “It’s okay. You’re going to be okay.”
“I don’t deserve you.”
“It’s fine. He thinks you should hate him. Hell, I still don’t know how you don’t.” Steve shakes his head slowly, as if any move could startle Tony away.
The beard burn is new, scratching and leaving a prickling trail of heat when he pulls back only to dive in deeper. Steve’s beard rubs against his balls and the base of his cock and when he slides his tongue down against his perineum and Tony curses himself for only being able to have this once.
“What about every day after that? How many days has it been? How many
So why the fuck is it working?
Tony’s right. They’ve had a perfect, beautiful life.
“Did he always smell funny when it happened?”
“Tony, did you—”
His cell phone ringing breaks the monotony of the afternoon.
Steve snaps the top of one, sitting high on his calves before he falls silent and slicks himself up. Tony is wet and dripping from where Steve has attacked him with his mouth and when he finally slides home, Tony shifts restlessly, groaning around the fist he’s shoved between his teeth.
Steve tugs at his arm but Bucky holds firm. “It’s not a big deal.”
The line cracks out.
There’s no excuse for it. Tony’s been by his side every step of the way.
Steve’s voice was almost lost over the howling of the wind as the Iron Man suit stuttered and faltered in the sky, a hesitant rocket barreling towards a shoreline lost somewhere on the murky horizon.
“Call him, won’t you?”
A sob bubbles up and escapes even though the physical restraint Steve is using to hold it back looks impressive.
“FRIDAY, call Pepper please.” Steve requested, and the soft click of the line connecting was initiated. In just a few moments, her voice echoed through the hallway.
He shoves it behind him with a condom and prods Steve in the ribs with his foot.
“Buck–”
“I was handling it.” Tony waves a dismissive hand and leans back in the chair. He almost crosses his arms over his chest, arms twitching back to his side as if he’d thought better of it. They all know a thing or two about hostility and open body posture. “I did handle it. I’m here, aren’t I? I’m fine.”
Steve doesn’t approach Tony when Peter is there and thoughts of what Peter may have said is taking up too much mental energy. When he finally works up the nerve to ask Peter a few days later, they’re down in the workshop tinkering with an incredible mock-up for Bucky’s new arm. Peter has had some fantastic ideas, and it’s one of the better pieces of tech Tony’s developed in recent months.
“I don’t think this was quite what either of them had in mind.”
Maybe it had been talking about it that had done it, though, because despite Steve’s adamant refusal, the thought of Bucky still slipped in from time to time. He’d been happy enough to just ignore it, shove it away and wrap himself in discovering what friendship meant with this new version of his childhood love.
Tony rounds on him, knocking his hand away. There’s dirt all over his face and a cut on his forehead weeping blood down to his jaw. Another slices through the opposite cheek, the bleeding already slowing.
It had been a good way to bond, in the beginning.
Things finally start to feel normal again.
“The Iron Man ones, right Petey?” Tony joked.
He’s exhausted and everything hurts, right down to the marrow of his bones.
“You’ve already said none of us are.” He feels his body sagging under the weight of it all, adrenaline draining out through the bottom of his feet and leaving him without any real desire to push her. He’s tired. So damned tired. “I don’t know what you want me to say. We can’t just forget it happened. There’s no going back from this.”
“But you can. Of course, it’s not selfish. That’s… that’s the whole point?”
“You mean—you’re talking about us?” Steve asks, careful and slow, but his heartbeat is picking up speed in his chest. His fingers flex at Tony’s hips, holding him in place astride him. “
His shirt follows, landing in a heap on the ground, and the urge to cover himself rolls into Steve like a train. Shame, hot and poisonous, spreads through his veins but with his wrists trapped in Tony’s grasp, all he can do is close his eyes and tip his head back a fraction.
Tony’s emotions are traveling along with Steve, on some horrific warp-speed rollercoaster, ebbing and flowing like the tide in a typhoon, as he’s hit with every time Steve’s lied, hidden the truth, chosen not to trust him all over again. Except he’s doing all the right things now, and the whiplash leaves him gasping and raw, shredded down to the very core of who he is. It’s too hard to process what this means, all without Steve having to say a word.
Steve’s always known his biggest secret was his own cowardice. It always has been, even when he’d fought, even when he’d committed himself to doing what was right. He’d tried to tell Tony about his parents when the helicarriers had gone down, but the words had twisted between his ribs and refused to come out. He told Tony more than he thought he ever would, but not about his parents.
“I’m never going to stop loving you. I can’t, Tony. I’ll love you until the day I die.”
Tony stares up at the ceiling and waits for the blinding white snow to clear from his eyes.
“Huh? Oh, no, not really. I mean I hardly know the guy.”
But then he sees Steve twirling his wedding band over and over on one long finger and thinks of his own. Earlier that morning he had gently pried open the clasp of the chain that kept the ring in place at his throat and folded it into a piece of toilet paper. When he’d finally brought himself to tuck it away at the bottom of his toiletry back, he’d wanted to retch.
“He said it! No take-backs! JARVIS make a note!” Tony exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air.
He makes Tony promises that Tony wants to believe, then does.
“Just thinking about when I met you.”
“At least call Steve. Call him down here so I don’t – I can’t – I don’t want to hurt you again.” He felt pathetic and close to tears. “Tony, please.”
“It’s all going to be fine, Pete.”
“What team? There’s no team anymore. You ruined that.”
“When I met you, you were a glorified child–”
“Tony?” Steve prompted, and Tony offered a mumbled affirmative but didn't really answer. “Tony? What kind of pasta do you want for dinner?”
Tony sets the coffees down on the side table and leans back against the wall.
“I do. Now sleep, old man, it’s past your bedtime.” Tony smirks at him, and Steve rolls his eyes but settles in beside him. “Lights, J.”
“Tony. Tony, I love you. I’m sorry, it’s not fair—it’s selfish. I’m sorry. I love you. I love you so much and you—” He doesn’t quiet, sobs turning into gasping, wheezing breaths as he cycles headlong into panic so Tony tugs at his hand trying to free himself from Steve’s restraint. He can do this for Steve. Hell, he’s so far past kidding himself. Tony can do this for himself, too.
“You people are ridiculous.”
Tony doesn’t respond, his head hanging low.
Tony loved full blackout.
It’s hard to say what’s burning when his entire body is heated to the point of boiling over and steam is pouring out of Tony’s ears at an alarming pace.
“Maybe not, but we could move on? I don’t know what’s happened between you and Steve–don’t give me that look, he hasn’t said anything. Not to any of us, except maybe Barnes. I know that he… meant something to you once.”
“What?” Tony says, clipped and strained.
It’s a long while before Tony’s breathing settles enough that Steve thinks he must be back to sleep. Tony’s nightmare lies between them, a heavy weight on the mattress, stealing Steve’s calm.
He doesn’t have to breathe, doesn’t have to think. It’s perfect.
As much as Steve loves his bike, the romance Tony and Bucky share with old cars is beyond him.
Had he been stubborn when Steve had come back? The cards are stacked against him on this one because he’s usually damned stubborn. Except he had good reason here and he’d been clear, every step of the way.
“You let go,” he said, face grim. The accusation was laced with betrayal and hurt.
Steve laughs, slowing until his fingers are just resting inside of Tony. He savours the clenching heat of him as Tony makes little mutters of protests and squirms in his grasp. “Which is it, Tony? Stop, or hurry up?”
“Just let it come. Stop trying to push it all away.”
not understand? Why doesn’t
Their bodies don’t touch at any other point and it feels so foreign, so unrealistic that Steve wants to scream. It’s not fair that Tony would treat him so kindly, with ginger fingers as if he’s afraid that too much might overwhelm him.
“Steve, don’t—”
This is the Tony Stark that Steve fell in love with.
Steve sobs again and floats away, untethered.
A nightlight to chase away the bad dreams. The strands of Steve’s hair catch in the blue light and cast unsettling shadows on the wall behind him.
Tony groans. “Thanks, I guess?”
“Cheesy.” Steve mumbled, which was instantaneously so much better than any other fantasy he’d had. There was a playful smirk on Tony’s lips as he pressed his forehead into Steve’s shoulder, shaking his head with incredulity.
,” the word tumbles to the floor in a puddle of disdain. “Howard used to say that to Mom, when she disagreed with him. When she was standing up for herself. When he didn’t like what she had to say.”
Steve had described Tony this way once. Flighty, uncertain, avoidant. A long time ago, he’d said, back in the beginning before Tony started to feel more secure. Before he’d found family, created a home. It was hard to image the cocksure O as insecure. He was the most uppity, arrogant man Bucky had ever met.
“Don’t do this to me.” Clint whispered fiercely.
All the long-buried grief breaks the surface, and if Steve lets him go now, he’ll lose him. They can weather this. Together. If they just stick together—
It doesn’t matter what Steve is doing today, Tony decides. It’s not Tony’s problem and it hasn’t been for weeks. Today is just like any other day even if the melancholia is lingering in the corners of his mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony has exposed Peter to so much fighting already.
“I don’t know.”
He takes a breath. Breathe in, breathe out.
“I want you to stop being so selfish,” Tony hisses. “I want you to admit that you’re flawed, just like all the rest of us. I want you to
“Getting a little old for that, he says,” Tony grumbles, but the twist on his lips doesn’t falter. “You haven’t aged a goddamn day. And I’ll fight with you every day for the rest of my life, honey, if that’s what you want.”
The small crowd of their extended family and friends fades into the background, and Steve slides the matching band onto Tony’s finger.
Blue eyes opened and met his and everything was going to be alright. The burning in Tony’s chest, the frozen tips of flesh that were once his fingers and toes, the scrambled spinning in his mind, none of it mattered because Steve was looking at him.
orders and run with them. Knowing now that Steve will listen when he speaks, respects limits when he sets them, it’s… well, it’s everything.
“Yeah, come on,” Tony rasps, waiting with his mouth cracked open. His tongue peeks out between swollen lips and laps at the head of Steve’s cock as he strips his length, jerking off with a furious determination to come all over Tony’s face.
“Can’t go back now,” Steve murmurs, and Tony bites down on his smile.
“He probably has a hard time wrapping his head around two Alphas wanting to be together anyway. He can’t be thrilled about how much you love takin’ it up the ass, because that ain’t a very alpha thing to do. Hell, maybe he doesn’t even really want me because we don’t even know if I can bond anymore, and these things are only real if you’re bonded, right?”
Tony cut him off again, eyes flashing. “Never again. You hear me? Promise me.”
Peggy wasn’t his, not really. But she was always something special.
None of them had mentioned it, though Steve was sure that he wasn’t the only one that thought about it. Who wouldn’t, having found not one but
Steve groans a steady stream of expletives that send shivers of heat up and down Tony’s spine and he feels his balls draw up tight to his body, his stomach curling with a tension that threatens to snap. With expert flicks of his wrist, he twists his fist around Steve’s cock and watches as his eyes flutter shut and his body tenses, arching forward and swallowing Tony’s length inside him entirely as he shatters and comes.
“When Fury said we’d have indiscriminate access to the Quinjet, I’m not sure if this is what he meant.”
Rhodey cackles from across the room while Bucky stares down at him in surprise. He’s worse than Peter, Tony realizes, eating up every inch of the road map that Bucky’s arm shows him. There are so many possible solutions. He could make something so much better than this.
Tony hadn’t been wrong; Bucky had been sulking around the Compound, sprawled out on furniture or sitting on the edge of the roof. A perch that left them both mad with worry.
“We need to learn to work together again.” Rhodey picks up, leaning forward with his hands on the conference room table. “There was a time where we worked together well, flawlessly, even. It’s going to take practice and time to get there again, time we’re sorely lacking.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Steve.”
“Mine’s still better.” Bucky saunters over and drops down on the floor by Clint’s feet. “He called me the Manchurian Candidate.”
—whatever it is—that he should dream of Steve. After years of quiet yearning, of living a half-life of restless contentment at it’s best, and devastating isolation at it’s worse, he thought maybe it might be done.
Steve has never minced words to save his feelings, and he doesn’t do that now.
It’s a matter of principle, because it’s hard not to hate a man who strides into a high-level security,
“Nah, not really hungry.”
“Oh, fuck Steve,” Tony inhales a ragged gasp right next to his ear, sending a zing of pleasure straight to Steve’s cock.
The Tower was always the one place he’d felt at home and he’s grateful to be here, even for a little while. Maybe this dream can be one that lasts.
The bond flared back to life and he barely had time to process it before Steve was wrenching backward, tipping his head to the side for Bucky’s mouth to seal over his neck.
“What about the first time we all met Stark?” Bucky calls from across the room.
Steve preps him slowly, kissing Tony in thorough, all-consuming kisses until he’s grinding down on three fingers and scratching Steve’s chest begging him for something more. Steve’s eyes meet his, an endless sea of blue and Tony reaches between them to slide down onto his length, watching as his eyelids flutter and try to stay focused.
“Hey!” Tony exclaims, but he has no leg to stand on because it’s true.
Bucky eyes the retro-framing glasses again, glaring at them like a poisonous snake and not the last precious link Steve has to Tony. When he snaps them, the plastic shatters and glass rains down over the tiled floor.
Tony spreads a palm over his chest, kneeling between his legs and tracing a path down his belly. His eyes darken and Steve’s tongue darts out to dry chapped lips as he lets his fingers trace the vein that runs along the underside of his cock. He’s so hard it feels like he might burst, but not before he gets Tony’s fingers inside him—gets all of Tony inside him.
Steve’s body curves around all of Tony, covering as much as him as he can, even down at the bottom of the bed where Tony can see Steve’s feet, still in their shoes, tangling with his own in their bright red, no-slip hospital socks someone’s put on him.
“Yeah, yeah, I think—it’s good, right? You’re good?”
“Tony, you’re so beautiful.”
He doesn’t.
“Pardon me, Sir. Combatant might not be the most appropriate term. There is a spectator watching the Tower, more specifically, the Winter Soldier is observing you through the bedroom window.”
“You think he won’t snap out of it all in a few months and think about all the time he’s wasted? All that he could have been doing if someone just… helped him along? Just gave him that push he needed to be okay again?”
“That’s not what this is about.”
He should, because people don’t change. Not really. Maybe in small, subtle ways, but not in the monumental, sea-parting ways that Steve would need to change and yet here he is, wearing his heart on his sleeve. Here Tony is, the weak man now with the weaker, broken body to match, prepared to let his husband hurt him again.
Bucky disintegrates before Steve can get to him, collapsing into a pile of ash on the jungle floor. Steve’s shock is more oppressive than the sweltering heat, heavy in his veins and impossible to breathe through. He scratches at the ground, searching through the trees as if Bucky hasn’t just disappeared from the planet.
“What can I do for you two?” She asked.
Tony turns to Steve, who has softened, a shimmer of hope returning to his features. For a split-second, Tony thinks he’ll back down, lose his nerve. Maybe it’s worth giving Steve one more chance.
“Tony, oh my god.”
On the far wall, a picture focuses. It’s blown up, touching from the floor to the ceiling and every inch makes Steve ache. Tony is smiling, salt and pepper hair and soft brown eyes, his arm around Pepper with Morgan standing between them. She has the peace sign held up in a little mimicry of Tony’s signature pose and they look like the proudest parents Steve’s ever seen.
“It’s better than it was a few weeks ago,” he lands on, simply because it’s the truth. “Things with Barton and Nat are a lot better. You’ll probably get on great with Clint–which I’m going to hate by the way–fair warning. Barnes isn’t so bad. A little bit gruff but if I’d been a P.O.W. for seventy years I’d probably be a bit rougher around the edges too.”
Bucky moaned, the sound a flutter against his ass as redoubling his effort had every lash of his tongue took Tony higher and higher.
Steve abruptly changes the script before things heat up any further. Before he snaps the damned log in front of Tony’s face.
Nothing will change as long as they aren’t talking, and they’re trying, but progress is slow and Tony’s having a hard time unravelling the past seven years and reconciling them with the end of their marriage. Doubt plagues him in intermittent spurts that knock the wind out of him and kick him when he’s down. Mixed with his recovery and the emotional horrors of the battle, Tony needs Steve’s patience more now than ever.
They would, if he asked. He knew that by now.
“Tony, fuck,” Steve pants into his mouth, hands flying to Tony’s belt and ripping it free. Before he can get to the zipper, Tony captures both of his thin wrists in one hand—have Tony’s hands always been so big?—and twists them over his head.
Steve’s thoughts went blank as Tony started trembling, his body shuddering like a leaf in the gale and another sob escaped him. Tears started to flow down his face and he couldn’t seem to draw a breath, curling in on himself when Steve was the one who wanted to sink through the floor.
Steve almost treats him as if he’s delicate, hands fluttering across his back, settling softly at the top of his ass before finding a tentative grip at his hips. It’s as if he can’t tell what’s allowed, even though his hands knew every inch of Tony once.
When he opened his eyes Tony was right there, looking up at him with an air of confidence that didn’t match the mixture of uncertainty and hope in his eyes. It burned through Steve’s belly like a lit match.
Peter holds a grudge almost as tightly as Tony himself. Not quite what he had been thinking when he’d used the word protégé.
He dragged a hand over the soft red and gold material and was bombarded with a flurry of Iron Man images. Tony had truly been a genius, the creativity in his mind knowing no bounds and Steve had admired every mark of his suit, from the desert to the last.
Tony sighs, twirling a multitool over and over between his fingers. He doesn’t look up, because Peter’s a smart kid and he’ll probably see right through him if he does. Even though he’d never said anything, Tony was pretty sure that Peter was aware of his history with Steve.
“Anything you want. One, two, a half dozen. Although with Peter it really does feel like we have one already, sometimes, doesn’t it?”
“When we’re done here, I’m taking you home and we’re not leaving for two days,” Steve grunts under his breath as an alien catches him right in the belly. The air is knocked from his lungs for a brief moment, before Steve beheads the alien with a sharp, cutting arc of his shield and is back in motion again. “I don’t even know if I can wait that long sweetheart, I might just have to bend you over in front of the whole goddamn team.”
“When did I become such a bad guy to you, huh? You talk to me like I’m some—I don’t know, Tony—some dictator or something. Just because you’re angry doesn’t give you any right to—”
He sighs. Dog or not, he doesn’t sleep well.
“Hey Parker,” Tony’s plucking away at some wiring while Peter is watching sequencing FRIDAY has put together regarding limb attachment. “Have you noticed anything strange about Cap, recently?”
“You headed out?” Steve asked, giving Bucky a hard shove off him, ignoring his snort.
“I wasn’t.”
“What about us?” Steve asked, quieter, arms trembling where Bucky watched him try not to snap the phone clenched in his fist.
There’s nothing, because there’s no Tony anymore.
The minute he crosses his arms over his chest he realizes he’s made a mistake. Steve’s eyes flicker down to Tony’s bare left hand before he holds his own out in front of them. The grey vibranium interwoven with threads of red and gold metal is incredibly loud against the pale skin of his hands. It screams at them both.
This is Tony at his prime, the Tony that found Steve when he was still trapped in the frozen wasteland of his own mind and gave him a home.
Why wasn’t he biting?
There’s a stack of papers overflowing one corner of Tony’s desk and Steve’s fingers twitch against his forearms, itching to reach out and straighten them. Despite his ramrod posture and the harsh look in his eyes, Tony gives himself away too. The once meticulous office is in disarray in a way unique to Tony, a blatant opposite to the chaos of his workshop.
The next two days pass by at a grueling pace, leaving Tony exhausted and hollowed out. Steve still watches him, but something is different. Maybe now he realizes that Tony was serious after all, because he doesn’t try to approach him again, and he never comes back to Tony’s hotel room.
When he genuinely can’t think of a simple answer, Tony switches gears. “Nice that you and Sam are figuring it out. You going to be a guest speaker at his support group?”
The loss gets smaller every day, still rattling around in his chest but no longer pressing down into that painful, tender spot quite as often. Together they learn how to survive, then sort out how to live again.
“Tony!” Steve says, appalled. Bucky and Tony both whirl to look at him, grinning at the horrified expression on his face. Bucky throws a greasy arm around Tony’s shoulder, smearing a patch across his cheek while Tony shoves at his immovable metal arm, indignant.
“I know that. Honestly, I do.”
“Love you.” Buck echoed.
Ninety seconds wasn’t enough. The water rushed into Tony’s mouth, filling his nose and sliding into his chest like icicles driving through his lungs. Tony choked, gasped for air and found none. He held what he could in his chest before his vision went blurry and he couldn’t think, couldn’t breath. Had to breathe. Taking on more water.
“Come on,” Tony gasps out, breathless. Behind him, Tony is rapidly losing control, spiralling towards his own release with brutal thrusts. Steve whimpers and shakes his head as Tony’s hand starts to stroke him again.
It’s all politics, with Captain America’s face and Tony Stark’s name. A match made in heaven; the perfect end to a so-called Civil War.
“I don’t know. I guess I thought this was something I needed to do on my own.” It’s the truth, but it feels like a lie on his tongue. The long line of heat at the side of his body chases away some of the chill to his loss.
Bucky beams. “No fucking shit.”
If history has taught him anything, he has at least a couple more hours before Rhodey gets worried enough to start forcing his way through doors. He decides to ignore him, because if he calls, Rhodey will know. Of course he’ll know, because he always knows.
of us are still tryin’ to get a few hours of shut-eye, and
“Not sure if that’s ever really going to be the case. But without the arm things are a lot better. Not so messed up in my head.”
Something amazing happened.
Somehow, Steve’s still managing to sound calm and pleading. He uses that gentle but firm voice he always did when he was trying to show that he was open and willing. Pliant, maybe, but never quite posing it like a question.
Steve blinks.
” Steve asks flatly.
“Alright, momma, that’s just right. Push now, give me a nice, hard push.”
“Sure, Tony.”
“Okay.”
He’d give everything back at the end of the week.
Tony narrows his eyes and Steve waits for whatever comes next. Why does he feel so uneasy? It’s normally so much simpler than this; they fuck, or they fight and even if they fight, they still end in a vicious, raging heap on the floor with Tony buried deep inside him.
Ross is a bright, furious tomato red, a shade darker than he was after the break-in at the Raft. A shade Tony hadn’t thought possible.
Steve blinks at it then looks back up at Tony, uncertain. His question hangs unanswered between them.
He sits up a little straighter. “What the hell do you mean you can’t?”
Tony is in the kitchen, humming under his breath. He’s learned to cook over the last few months, and he tosses little bits from the end of a broccoli stalk through the open window. It falls into the pen below, and against the setting sun, Steve can see Gerald’s plume of a head bobbing down to chase after the tiny morsels.
Steve turned away, emotion thickening in the back of his throat. Across the room, something moved behind the criss-crossed, reinforced glass.
This was all going ass-up quick, and he had no idea how to fix it.
Maybe later, Steve will rub it away with his fingers.
A complete lack of submission or inclination towards domesticity.
Tony taps his back with the letter again and presses his nose into the top of Steve’s hair.
The former wasn’t Tony’s fault, the news had broken quickly, and he really hadn’t had any time to spare to call Peter.
“I don’t sleep without you.” Steve gasps into his shirt. “I can’t. The nightmares—I’ve tried everything. Sometimes I think I’ll go insane with it. Just tell me how you do it. Maybe I can—”
“I’m not doing this again,” Pepper snaps, head whipping between them. “Never again, you hear me?”
“Wouldn’t that be a sight? Tony Stark, stealing away with all our warm fuzzies into the night to build his Alphas a nest.” Clint crowed; his laughter contagious to those nearest him.
“Then what’s it about, damn it? Can’t you just be honest for once in your goddamn life.” It takes everything in him not to cross the space between them and shove him back. At that moment, he wants to hurt him, which isn’t fair. None of this is fair.
Secretly he loves it because then he won’t even have to say anything. The team will tease them, and Tony will laugh and make some sort of off-kilter joke to colour the tips of Cap’s ears, and they can all move on.
His fierce possession over Tony is thrilling and startling in the same breath. Steve wants to
Hurt contorts her delicate features and it’s almost more than he can handle tonight. She runs her hand through the sweaty mass of his hair and murmurs soft endearments that caress his cheeks and make him ache. Tony lets her tuck him into bed where she holds his head tight to her chest and lets him gasp through silent sobs.
A clean break.
Tony glanced between them both, doubtful, leaving Bucky to roll his eyes with a rapidly darkening expression.
He feels alive, fucking his goddamn husband.
“I’ve told him–”
“You seem to think you’re weak like this. Powerless. Why?” Tony purrs in his ear and Steve shudders. He feels like he’s floating away, reduced to the slick slide of Tony’s hand over his cock and the rush of blood in his ears.
“Right.”
Steve frowns. “What are you saying?”
“Where are they taking him! Please don’t take him!” Steve tried to push past Natasha but she held her ground, bracing herself against his weight. He could have shoved her to the floor if he’d wanted to, dressed in nothing more than a pair of borrowed sweatpants with a blanket still draped over his shoulders but she whispered quiet words in a broken voice and all the fight bled away.
Steve lets Tony’s cock slide out of his mouth and scrambles backward on the bed, tugging at his belt and shoving his pants off with a speed Tony assumes must be unique to super-soldiers. For a moment he tries to remember when the last time he’s had Steve like this is, and he falters, fumbling with a bottle of lube pried out of his luggage. It’s been so long since he’s been inside Steve and they both know that this means something, Tony can see it on Steve’s face as clear as day.
Funny, how the nightmare had never been waking up without it. Steve should have known.
Steve pitches sideways, bracing himself on the nearest tree with a forearm and retches into the dirt. He heaves until it all comes up then drags the back of his arm across his mouth and spits.
Tony hopped off the couch and pulled Bucky up after him. “We don’t need him. I’ll tell you everything you need to know.” He assured Bucky, Steve trailing after them laughing as if he were an afterthought.
In upstate New York, Steve is probably getting back to the Compound, dropping his divorce certificate onto the counter, and sitting down to dinner with the team. Tony images him smiling like nothing is wrong—he probably wouldn’t have even said where he was going today.
“Tony, I–” He broke off, feeling his cheeks heat.
“They’re really gone, aren’t they?” He whispers the words as if he just now realizes, for the very first time, that the world has been irreversibly changed. As if the last twenty-seven days hadn’t even happened.
was the problem?
Would it be such a leap to think Tony’s only saving Steve from insanity? That’s what this is, isn’t it? Watching Steve do the same things over and over again, expecting different results, not even realizing how he’s pushing away the man that was worth ruining their
Steve smiles against his chest, reaching down to tug one of Tony’s thighs up higher. His erection rests heavy in the cradle of Tony’s body, slick and drooling with want against the trimmed hair between Tony’s legs. “You always say that.”
“Yeah well, he’s a good kid and I figure the least I can do is teach him a few things and build him a suit he won’t die in. He was wearing a onesie when I found him.”
“I never wanted to be a free man,” Steve has the audacity to say.
Tony swallows hard, biting hard on the inside of his cheek to hold back his own tears. If it’s possible, Steve seems to sag even further into his arms.
“He tried to kill me, Rhodey.”
When Steve finally lets him go, he’s gasping, a hairbreadth away from coming without Steve laying a hand on him because it feels so good, so right. This is where Tony’s always meant to be.
How ridiculous.
It’s a bleak metaphor that leaves him feeling more pathetic than ever.
“He can take care of himself.” The words come out harsh and biting. Why can’t he just be fucking normal for one goddamn minute. Not everything has to be a fight, Stark.
He’s only just dropped his cufflinks onto the small dresser and is halfway through loosening his tie when there’s a knock at his door. It’s sharp and commanding, bringing a ripple of anxiety that spasms through his left shoulder and leaving his fingers twitching at his side.
“Of course, I can help,” Tony waves a glib hand in his direction, stepping behind his desk.
Steve felt himself flush deeper, because yeah. Yeah, he absolutely did. “Why don’t you kiss me again and find out?”
Riding on a wave of serotonin, Tony’s contentment feels absolute. Peace and belonging wrapping around him in the warmest comfort he’s ever experienced.
They’re fighting each other. Steve’s wrestled Tony to the ground, bursting the repulsors in his palms to bits as Tony fires up his boots and tries to blast free. The mask is blown to hell, and Tony’s eyes are half-feral with disbelief.
Maybe there was still time to suck him. Fuck, Tony wanted that gorgeous cock in his mouth.
Yesterday he’d been tempted to tell Steve to go.
Irregular, and at times terrifyingly slow, but beating in his chest all the same. “I haven’t heard this in so long,” Steve says, and Tony doesn’t ask so he must already know.
Tony leans on the desk and tips his head. “I think like you better this way. There’s definitely something appealing about the whole big man, small package thing.”
It felt so, deliriously good, Steve wanted to sob. He wanted Tony’s hands on him, body pressed along his from feet to shoulders. He
“God, please do not do that.” Bucky nosed at the back of his neck, smirking into his skin.
“I ain’t complainin’.” Bucky assured him. “You sure you want this? ‘M more than happy to stay here with the goats. Don’t wanna go anywhere I’m not wanted. Done a lot of that already.”
That was why Steve was here in the first place. Tony was going to bat for them and that had to count for something.
“Don’t do that. Please stop trying to shut me out. Do you—should we talk about it? Whatever you want, Tony, I’ll do it. You have no idea how—”
“Wouldn’t want to.”
Tonight, it’s just Tony and Rhodey tucked into a booth in a dilapidated old diner a few blocks away from their hotel, grease running over their fingertips as they devour cheeseburgers in silence.
watching them. Through their bedroom window.
Tony doesn’t give him an answer, steering off course yet again. “You don’t need the serum. Never did.”
“Seriously, why do you look like that?” Tony draws closer and Steve’s body feels ready to give out. When he sways on his feet, Tony darts out to catch him under one arm. “This is not your best look. One out of ten. I don’t even want to know what America’s ass is looking like these days.”
“Yes, Captain?”
“Tony please, please, I’m begging you—”
“You were a sucker.” Tony muttered. “I just happened to be the first ‘mega that scented you after you’d defrosted. It could have just as easily have been Clint. Just picture it, Cap. Imagine where you two could be today.”
Steve was ready, wasn’t he?
“Take two every six hours for the next three days,” Tony says, voice dull and flat. “And Steve?”
“Don’t want to fuck you.” Steve tightens up his grip, licking a stripe up Tony’s throat to his ear as he strokes him. When he rolls his thumb over the leaking head, Tony’s hips twitch towards him, eyes going hazy with pleasure. “Just want to make love to you. Love you so fucking much, Tony.”
“I’m not sure what you mean, Steve. But I think that it’s probably best I give you my override codes, just in case he goes straight down to the workshop when he gets back and tries to lock himself in again.”
A dragon atop his treasures.
It felt like it might never stop, the begging, pleading. Sobbing.
Built a new one with Bucky.
The man was stubborn, Steve would give him that, but even without hearing from him, Steve knew. Tony still loved him and he still loved Tony. If Tony was too angry to admit that, Steve would keep the faith alive for both of them.
Steve leans deeper into the hot line of his body and bites at Tony’s bottom lip, crowding closer until he’s at the edge of his seat and the only logical next step is for Tony to crawl into his lap and wrap his legs around him—
God, the bitterness could swallow him alive.
Tony prods him with a shoe and he glances up, eyes stormy. It’s hard to say whether those bottomless blue eyes are clearing or preparing for a second downpour. Tony tries to remind himself that he doesn’t care, Steve isn’t his problem anymore.
That is, arguably, an understatement.
“Fantastic.”
Bucky hadn’t recognized him. He didn’t remember him, and he’d almost killed them both. Then… nothing.
“Oh, right. How did I never think of that?”
“Shut up. Just, shut the fuck up, Steve.”
Even if Steve had been the one to send the phone, he doubts Steve actually expected Tony would call. And of course, Steve never called.
They’ve done it.
Steve’s teeth grind together under his palm.
Anything to keep him busy. Anything to pass the time.
“Spare me.”
“It wasn’t fair. I know it wasn’t, gorgeous, I know. And I know you’re not perfect. God, Steve, you’re perfect at sucking my cock though, aren’t you? Fuck. I don’t need you to be perfect and I’m going to work on that. I promise.” Tony thrusts forward, forcing Steve to take him deeper and Steve takes it all like it’s his life’s calling.
Tony has ignored them all until tonight. Tonight, he feels weak.
Captain America, Steve. You don’t need the serum. You already have everything you need. Why didn’t you just let me help you?”
“You damn well know I haven’t had any drugs. I don’t
“You really want to talk about arrogance—”
Until the fix stopped and Tony had gone into a withdrawal that had left him broken and bleeding, wrapped in hospital wires and gauze bandages for weeks. A withdrawal that had almost killed him and had lasted longer than any bender ever had.
When the team eventually stopped coming up with foods for him, Steve decided to take up cooking. It kept everyone hanging around long enough and transformed into team board game nights, or a rousing game of cards.
As if everyone doesn’t already know who he belongs to.
“Please don’t.”
Something had changed, now. Subtly, in the night, maybe while they slept, ignorant to the inner working of Tony’s mind.
“I can’t break it.”
“Sure, I usually make a habit of befriending the people who murder my loved ones.” Tony winces, and swallows around the acidity in his voice. He doesn’t want to fight, or give Steve a reason to start up again. “Sorry, that was—I didn’t mean that.” The little voice in his head flares to life:
But without the serum, what does he have left?
Tony makes to move past him, when Steve clears his throat as if there’s something more.
“You can absolutely not bring any goats here, Terminator.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, grumbling something about never leaving the bed again, and never getting his way.
Two weeks after the battle, when the Compound was still in shambles, a box of toys had arrived. It hadn’t just been an Iron Man puppet, there had been a whole series of children’s toys created as a new incentive to raise additional funds for the restored snap victims.
Tony’s skin is cold to the touch and Steve retches again.
“Bit late for that, Viz,” Bucky coughs dryly. “Might as well ply him full’a booze, gamble away his allowance, and treat him to a night at the gentlemen’s club at this point.”
“Mom only cooked on special occasions. Usually she had someone on staff who would cook all these fancy, elaborate meals. I hated them half the time, and we never had anything that normal people got to eat. Jarvis – the person Jarvis – used to make me all sorts of kid’s crap when Mom wasn’t around. He’d make grilled cheeses and homemade pizzas and those shitty chicken nuggets from the box.” Tony shrugged, self-deprecation tilting the edge of his lips. “My favourite was always his wagon wheels with butter and cheese.”
Her laugh feels genuine so he smiles and gives them a peace sign as Pepper rolls up her window and the happy couple drives away smiling.
He lets his palm rest on Steve’s cheek, brushing his fingers across his cheekbone as his thumb catches on the corner of his mouth. There’s every opportunity for Steve to pull away, push him back, but his lips part anyway, drawing a harsh gasp as Tony gently tugs down on his bottom lip.
“Tony, please. Please, don’t—”
“Did you even mean what you said before? Honestly, Steve? Because you had a lot to say about trust and respect and all the things that you did wrong but you don’t actually act that way. No, you haven’t acted that way, not since you got back.”
“I wasn’t ready for you to know.” Tony shrugs, turning back. “I know how important she was to you, and I didn’t want to, I don’t know, impact that in some way, I guess. But you don’t have to do these things on your own anymore, Steve. Together, always. Remember?”
Tony looks at him, defeat laced with worry and a simmer of anger like he’s just taken his emotions off the stove to cool. “You should’ve called me. We’re supposed to be a team. We’re supposed to do these things together now.”
He sighed, forcing himself off the bench by the window and back to his bed with the crisp white sheets and perfect corners.
But then Tony had rocketed back up into the air, shaking off the damage, and relief rushed out on a puff of air as the tightening in Steve’s chest released.
Every sound is a reminder of the first time. It’s always like this when Steve is under him. A mental movie that Tony could watch again and again, never tiring of the hard lines of Steve’s body between his legs and under his hands.
On a good day, these were things Tony actually
“Yeah, yeah Tony.”
Steve blinks.
“Plus, you’ve said you’re mine twice now, and if that’s actually the case, I think there’s a much bigger conversation we need to have.” Tony ran his fingers through Bucky’s hair, trapping a handful at the back of his neck and forcing his head backwards, pushing, seeing just how far he’d let the submission take him.
“And fuck you too, Rogers.” He added, cutting him off and storming off.
Dropping the bell means that Tony wins. He wins and he’s right but Steve stopped being this man a long time ago. He was always meant to be better than this.
He also knows that when he doesn’t rise to the challenge, it’ll take the wind right out of Tony’s sails. Tony gives him an uncertain look, then throws the Accords down on the conference room table.
Immediately, Steve is right on the edge. He claws desperately at the desk, legs tense around Tony’s shoulders, kicking a heal between Tony’s shoulder blades. “Stop, stop! Tony, stop, I’ll—”
Plus, Steve wants them to get to a place where they could coexist in the same space, and he needs to at least try. He
He can handle this.
Steve blinks.
Steve shoves aside the fear and drags Tony down for a kiss, licking into his mouth and tasting coffee and something sweet. Chocolate maybe. It gives him away; Tony only ever dives into the chocolate when he’s worried.
. He thought maybe he could have that with Tony, once. But day in and day out it’s been about everyone else.
“He decided not to because he couldn’t bear the thought of leaving you unprotected in the field. The Avalon Protocol both relinquished direct control of the suit to your authority, and made your safety it’s top priority. The latter part of the protocol was added early last year, shortly after your third anniversary.”
Steve runs a hand through his too-long hair, a lock falling forward when he shifts to scratch at the side of his beard. Tony wants to trace his fingertips across it and feel the rough scrape of Steve under his palms.
“I wish you had said something sooner. Jim mentioned–but, I just figured when he hadn’t brought it up again that maybe it had been a one-off. You’ve got to let us help you when things get this bad, Tony. We can, and we will.”
Instantly regretting that when Tony pulled back, Steve watched half-dazed as he shoveled a quickly cooling bite into his mouth and grinned.
“Might, but this would also be comin’ from the genius that built DUM-E.” Steve tugged Bucky in, laughing, as the brunet readjusted in his arms and leaned back against him. “We should call ‘im later, tell him to get his ass home for dinner tonight. I feel like we’ve barely seen him at all this week. He was gone when I woke up this morning.”
Tony turns away and doesn’t look back.
Tony must see something in his face because he frowns and says, “You don’t believe me?”
In hindsight, Steve probably wouldn’t be in this mess if he hadn’t made so many assumptions.
“Fuck me,” Tony groans into Steve’s ear, mouth exploring along the shell before he sucks on the lobe and feels Steve’s cock twitch against the curve of his ass.
He hadn’t even seen him there, tucked into the little blind spot by his head. But his vision is still swimming, and his head feels cloudy with opiates. They must’ve pumped him full of enough to put down an elephant for it to linger this way.
“We’ve been putting it off for months, Steve, waiting to see if this stuck. If it was going to work. I could be wrong here – I’m not – but I’m pretty sure there’s nothing better out there. This is it for me. Clearly,” He said with chagrin, gesturing towards the mountain of softness he’d compiled just for them. “This is all I want. And nests are about two things, right?”
He crawls forward, ignoring the refuse that tracks onto the pants of his uniform and how everything smells foul and rotten, to get his hands under the chin of the helmet, yanking hard despite the shouts of protest behind him.
Tony huffs a breath. “I gave you the answers. You didn’t bother trying!”
He talks over him, instead. “I’m fine, Pete. Everything’s fine.”
It’d been just shy of a year since the Rogue Avengers had taken refuge in Wakanda. Tony had spent weeks ignoring the piece of shit burner phone that Steve had dropped on his doorstep, forcing himself to focus on Rhodey’s physiotherapy and his own slow, painful recovery.
Tony’s nose wasn’t nearly as sensitive as his two Alpha’s, but he could smell the faint sickly-sweet cloud that followed him every time he left the workshop, even after hours scrubbing himself clean.
Bucky turned a confused expression on Steve. “Then where would he–”
Steve groans, pulse thundering in his ears as he comes, streaking Tony’s mouth, his cheeks, his jaw. A little bit drips down onto his shirt, but Tony’s already too far gone to notice, shuddering as he comes on the hard concrete, spilling into his own hand. Steve didn’t even have to
Everything tints red.
“Tony, please—"
. If Tony’s trying to convince himself that he wouldn’t re-marry this man in a heartbeat—if Steve would just—
Steve knows it’s not real. It’s never real. Not even when it feels like it could be.
Peter, who had been in the process of tugging off his mask, flushes bright red and looks between them, alarmed.
His thoughts are a mess, and Steve sees Tony loses his grip on himself. He breaks off, and the tears forming at the corner of his eyes break free and slide down over his splotchy cheeks. For a brief second, his eyes drop down to Steve’s mouth before his jaw sets, and his face contorts into something ugly and spiteful.
Tony traces a finger over his collarbone. He looks abruptly uncertain, and Steve frowns slightly, knocking their foreheads together lightly.
Bucky wanders by, making to help Sam off the mat as Clint shoves his prize into his hand, but instead plucks the small wad of bills out of his hands as soon as it appears. For his own underage safety, Bucky claims, and they burst into hysterics.
When he throws a quick remark over his shoulder, that it might be nice for old time’s sake, Tony just gapes at the closed door. Had he entered the Twilight Zone? A parallel universe? Did the multiverse actually exist?
There’s only pleasure, rippling along his every nerve ending, curling his toes and pulsing thick from his cock. He barely registers Steve groaning into his mouth, breaking the kiss to press their foreheads together as he spills over them both, streaking over Tony’s design on their stomachs, and Steve’s huge hand.
Tony rips the corner off one, then the next, picking up speed until he has almost a dozen letters spilled across his lap and the envelopes are in tatters on the tile beside him. They’re various lengths and because Steve is perfect to a fault, each one is dated. His meticulous handwriting is the same on every one except the last, a hurried mess where the words are scribbled near the end, as if he was in a rush to finish.
Steve fucks him until Tony’s babbling turns into a steady stream of gasping breaths, then kisses him as his come spills down and over Steve’s fist.
“Captain,” JARVIS says through the external speakers, his lilt emotionless and more robotic than Steve has ever heard before. “I regret to inform you that the Avalon Protocol was activated at 16:47 after Sir sustained a significant trauma to the spinal cord. Now that the battle is complete, the protocol will remain active only until further arrangements can be made.”
That still rips the rug out from underneath him.
When he tugs lightly on Tony’s hand, Tony jerks towards him, arms springing up to wrap around Steve’s neck. As Tony draws him down, Steve thinks Tony might be the only thing anchoring them to the earth, and the way he tilts his head to deepen the kiss speaks more words than Steve could ever capture.
“Flatterer,” Tony lets his head dip back and his eyes close as the pleasure builds. “I’m going to put a mirror on the ceiling for you so you have to look at yourself. See what I see.”
“Yeah, let me think about it,” Steve murmurs. “I did always think you’d make a wonderful father.”
Natasha doesn’t flinch back; she takes it all in stride and stays steady as the wave of emotions washes through him. He doesn’t need to be a spy to know that the twitch at the corner of his left eye speaks volumes.
It’s just science. Tony can talk about science any day of the week.
It’s not a slight against him, but Tony feels the resentment twist sharp in his belly all the same. The bitter thing that lives inside of Tony thinks maybe Steve deserves to be alone. Alone with only himself and his pride.
Peter says his goodbyes and makes his way towards the elevator.
Tony had gone back to ignoring him, the holographic screen increasing two-fold as some sort of 3-D model had flared to life in front of him. It spun slowly. Tony muttered something to himself under his breath, absently.
He’s been so lonely for so long, but now love hums all around him and it’s perfect. He’s full to the brim, overflowing with warmth and peace, like he might never have to face the chill again. The ice, Siberia, all the dark things of the past flow to the sidelines because everyone is here. He’s here.
But it’s also Bucky holding Steve back, physically, when he gets in his face and telling him to knock it off when he pushes too hard. It’s the hard line of Bucky’s body separating them when Steve crosses the line again and again.
That doesn’t stop the wanting.
How is Steve not exhausted too? Tony thinks he must be.
Steve blinks.
“You’re sober,” It’s a simple observation, void of judgement or heat.
“Come to bed, honey.”
Steve jerks hard against his stomach and drops his forehead to Tony’s shoulder. “Your arm—”
A flash of Tony, lying cold on the concrete assaults him and Steve sobs, gripping the hand around his throat and squeezing down. Tony groans again, deeper, giving in and tightening his fingers around Steve’s windpipe as his thrusts grow more erratic, biting down on Steve’s shoulder and panting against his shoulder.
“I—Tony, I don’t know,” Steve murmurs, shaking his head with sad, mournful eyes. “I need you to tell me how to fix this because I can’t figure it out. Just tell me.”
In the back of his mind Tony knows that he’s fooling himself as much as Steve. This is
Steve’s Ma hadn’t known the half of it.
It wasn’t that Bucky had meant to upset their Omega a few weeks back.
“Just like that. I was wrong. Let me make it up to you.” Tony reaches up and pulls Steve’s head down, licking into his mouth to chase the taste of his apologies as Steve freezes and goes still, hands up as if he needs to prove that he wasn’t the one that started this. It only makes Tony try harder, pressing himself up against Steve’s front and rolling his hips until Steve’s arms get with the program and come down to encircle his waist.
“Definitely a Voldemort wizard,” Because seriously, fuck the wizard.
“Not fair, I didn’t know we were using drones!” Sam laughs, laying flat on his back on the mats as Peter hangs suspended from the ceiling above him.
They assemble.
But then one night Tony had come out and suggested it.
It’s a blatant excuse, because, in reality, Tony tells himself he
“Did you hear what I said, Steve? You don’t know Barnes better than he knows himself. Full stop.”
“I think there’s something else I’d like to bring out of you.” Tony hand dips down and grips him hard on the ass, yanking him in.
“To look at our home, Steve. So, I can look at you, and look at our home, and know exactly where we belong.”
“Suit integrity, 67%.”
“Then let’s get to work.”
“Yeah, okay buddy, I got it, thanks. Jesus Christ,” Tony ran a shaky hand through his hair, wondering when this became his life. “A brainwashed Soviet assassin’s looking in our window and rubbing one out. That’s a little bit fucked up, even for me.” But even as he says it aloud, something tightens in his belly and a bolt of lust beelines down between his legs.
Vulnerable.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony tosses the arc reactor in the air, and Steve watches as it drops back down.
“What is happening right now?” Peter breaths, dazed.
Steve’s head pounds. “It was another mission. It—we weren’t expecting—”
“We’ll all look out for him.”
In his right hand, clenched so tight his knuckles tinge white, is the ridiculous grey flip phone. Taunting him. It would be so easy to destroy it.
“We are going to have so much fun, Steve.”
“I love you,” Steve chokes out, hands framing Tony’s face. “I just—I love you so much, Tony.”
Tony shoves himself in between Clint and Scott, dragging Peter along with him which forces Steve and Sam into the other car. At least when they make their entrances, the tension won’t be glaringly obvious. Pepper is riding with them too and she settles her manicured fingers light on his forearm and squeezes every few minutes. Tony tries to count the beats between squeezes for any semblance of a pattern but finds none. He focuses on the lights on the ceiling and breathes
“And which folder would you like this note stored in, Sir?” JARVIS asked drolly. “Shall I file it under Incessant Ramblings or Capsicle’s Birthday Surprise?”
The tension in his core erupted with Tony’s voice ringing in his ears. Everything blurred white for one blissful moment as Tony’s body gripped Steve tight and went tense, quivering as it found release at just the right moment to leave Steve breathless.
“Would you believe me if I said this was the final adventure?” Tony says, voice hitching on a disbelieving laugh. “I have no idea, really. Some people have called it Heaven. Some people think it’s like living in a permanent dream.”
“Honestly, Steve?” Tony smiles. “I have no idea.”
He forces Steve’s vows back into his body with his tongue. Tony has no use for them anymore.
“Yeah, well. I was handling things here.”
“You make these impossible choices because you think you have to, Steve. Aren’t you tired of fighting?”
“Of course, I made it. Couldn’t let my best guy go into surgery alone, could I?” Steve ignores Pepper’s affronted gasp and the light smack that lands on his bicep. He can’t take his eyes off Tony.
“Tony, please.” It’s only a little bit desperate, but Tony finds it in his heart to take pity on him and leans up to kiss him on the mouth, lingering a beat longer than usual.
“Can I ask one question?” Steve blurted, before he could stop himself. His brain was rebooting only as fast as possible while Tony was still touching him. “Why wagon wheels – no, don’t look at me like that I’m not teasing you – I’m genuinely asking because I’m curious.”
Four years after The Snap and one year before Steve and his entourage show up at Pepper and Happy’s lake house, the letters start.
“I’ll give you some time to yourself. Oh, here,” Pepper places his cell phone on the table beside the letters. “You can call when you’re ready. For me. Or,” she glances conspicuously towards the door before giving him a cheeky little smile and slipping back into her shoes.
“Steve.” Tony reaches out and grips Steve’s fingers, holding on as tight as he can.
“Spider-Man started it,” Steve says, jerking a thumb over his shoulder with a smirk when Sam gapes at him.
Steve reels back, shocked. “What?”
Steve hasn’t said much since they started out towards the Tower, so Tony hasn’t had anything to respond to and even if he wanted to say something, he’s not sure how or what or why. Instead, when the door clicks shut behind him Tony starts unknotting his tie and shrugs off his jacket in silence, nodding pointedly towards Steve to follow suit.
“FRI, is Tony in the building?” Steve asked the AI.
They still belong to each other, even after everything.
“Just, whatever Rogers, I told you I don’t care what you have to say, no matter what it is. Even if you just want to thank me. I couldn’t care less, understand?” He spits the last word at him.
He has to tell him.
“Where do you even get off, acting like some jilted woman. You almost
But Tony does stay dutifully at Pepper’s side for the next hour.
The cameras are too bright and everything is too loud.
Tony knew how sensitive he was about that. Bucky wasn’t playing fair.
“I’ll still be here if you say no.”
He hears their names, together, side by side, for the very first time.
“Stevie—”
Bucky is straightening his tie, a dark, silky red piece that Tony’s picked for him when he hears it.
Pepper returns later, how much later Tony couldn’t say, and hovers in the doorway. He smiles at her, peering up at her over the top of Steve’s head where it’s pillowed on his chest and gives a slight lift of his eyebrows, a silent
“Don’t snap at me. You know I’m right.”
Tony does the only reasonable thing then, bringing his other hand up to cup Steve’s face and tugging him down until he can press their foreheads together. “I know.”
Seeing Steve before serving him with the papers is out of the question. No question about it at all. All Steve will have to do is look at him with those desperate blue eyes and that fucking disastrously sexy beard and Tony will forgive him.
because there’s something decidedly sexy about Tony surrounded by all that metal.
“Cap? Steve! Look at me, damn it.” He clasps him on both sides of his face, thumbs under his jaw to tip his head down.
“You’re worried,” Tony says, crawling into his lap, legs splayed across him.
Tony certainly doesn’t want him as close to tears as he looks at this moment.
“This is unbelievable,” Steve tells him.
“Tony—”
“Morning boys.” Natasha put in, sitting down next to Steve with something that looks like pudding but was apparently ‘overnight oats’ that she let sit in the fridge and congeal.
“This is different,” Tony shakes his head, using his good hand to lift Steve’s chin when he breaks eye contact and fixes on a spot over Tony’s shoulder. Steve must be feeling equally uncertain, and as much as Tony would prefer to forget, he remembers the look on Steve’s face too. The way that Steve had sobbed into his chest and loved him anyway. “Listen to me.” Steve meets his eye. “I know how I feel and I know what I want. And I want you. Now. Whatever you want to give me. So do you trust me? Because the only reason you should be saying no right now is because you don’t want to, not because you think you know better than I do.”
“Captain,” J.A.R.V.I.S. says with as much of a smirk in his voice as Steve’s ever heard. “Sir has asked me to pass along a message.”
Despite his better judgement, and regardless of it all, that’s what it all comes back to. He can hate him and resent him and push him away all he likes, but Tony’s known the whole time. Steve Rogers isn’t the kind of man you just stop loving. Apparently, not even after a shield to the chest.
He needs to be there with them.
It’s 2016 and they’re here all over again, aren’t they?
“I love you, Tony. Fuck I love you so much. I’ve missed you. Sweetheart thank you, you’re perfect. My perfect omega. Beautiful, beautiful.”
But he isn’t?
It steals his breath away and he looks up at Tony, awed.
Tony remembers Steve, standing in front of him with both of Tony’s hands held loosely in his own, smiling down at him. In that moment, Steve was almost the happiest man on earth, second only to Tony himself.
is gone. For a moment, he breaths clean sterile air. It scorches the inside of his lungs.
The next time he wakes up—or, one of the times, Pepper tells him that he’s been in and out for days—he can see that he’s in a hospital room, charred arm at his side, body riddled with cuts and bruises like ink spilled across his chest and abdomen. Nothing hurts, and he’s flying high.
Sam opens his mouth to reply and it eases shut again when he comes up blank
Steve felt the familiar prickle of tears behind his eyes and cleared his throat, curling the sheets up under his chin and trying to sleep. Behind his eyes, Tony’s bright smile, the teasing smirk that curled across his lips, mocked him.
Which was how Steve found himself surrounded by his partners, the new spider kid he adored, Clint, Nat, Vision and Wanda, celebrating DUM-E’s thirtieth turn around the sun.
“Greedy.” Bucky grunted in his ear, picking up the pace now that Tony’s perched on his lap. He was hitting that sweet spot with every thrust and it was just on the right side of too much. Tony’s mind seemed to come apart at the edges, unravelling as he let his head loll back, taking in Bucky’s pinched brow between the slits of his eyelids.
Steve considers waving it off, but Tony's seen right through him. “It’s not really a big deal.”
Steve comes apart painstakingly slow under Tony’s firm touch, building to a peak before breaking and spilling over the horizon. Pleasure stretches along the contours of Steve’s body, illuminating the creases in his perfect skin and shadows in the hollows of his hips.
“Alphas please – please, I want. I need. Steve, please, both. I want both.”
The hope that’s been fluttering in his chest from that very first day takes flight and soars.
When he can catch his breath, Tony eases back, slipping from Steve’s body, but hovers over him, petting a hand up and down the side of his ribs. Steve gathers his face into his massive palms and kisses him again, and again, until Tony is breathless and glassy-eyed.
“I want a family. With you, you asshole. I’m not trying to replace him. Nothing could
“My mom,” Tony breathes. “Just my mom.”
The Rogue Avengers are returning to the United States.
After all this time, Steve still holds his heart in a vice. The past few days have been an emotional hellhole and damn it, Tony just wants his ex-husband to hold him.
“I’m not trying to prank him.” Steve grumbled miserably. “If anything, I’m trying to do literally the exact opposite.”
As she shakes her head, laughing, Tony gives a soft command to J.A.R.V.I.S. and music wafts down from the speakers. It’s a bluesy tune that he remembers from the war and Tony offers up an arm.
He tips his head back against the couch and closes his eyes. He’s so damn tired.
“I’ll show you how it’s made, sometime,” Peter promises.
Is it all just a game for Tony? Has Siberia destroyed so much that he’d be intentionally cruel?
“We’re going to fuck this up.”
“It’s Cap’s birthday.” Tony said immediately before the rest could beat him to it. “The entire country shuts down and everyone gets out their flags and worships Cap like a God.”
It had ended after they’d been in bed together one night, the same as any of the other few dozen times over a series of rapid weeks that blurred into months. Tony had been almost content, driving into the warmth of her body over and over again with one of her hands gripped into his hip, urging him on. He’d nosed at her throat and whispered in her ear to look at him when she came and when she glanced up—
“Of course.” Steve shifts, restless, his suitcase leaning against his leg as he waits for an appropriate amount of time to leave the parking garage and head back up to greet the team. Tony’s only just left moments earlier. They hadn’t fully thought this part of the plan through.
He sighs. Apologies are never as satisfying when you still want the fight. “Wow. How hard was that?”
“What were you thinking?” Tony’s voice is a hiss, crawling under his skin.
“I love you.” Tony fucks his tongue into his mouth as he slides in, inch by delicate inch, and when his hips are flush with Steve’s ass, Steve clenches down around him, locking his legs at Tony’s narrow hips to keep him close. “I love you. Fuck, do I love you.”
The conversations became repeats of the same, a broken, stunted cycle as Steve struggled to put his thoughts together, and Bucky never truly resurfaced as the man he remembered. Sam seemed well enough but Steve found himself torn between guilt and resentment because every time Sam came striding into the room, he found himself wishing Sam were Natasha.
Something shifts in the air, in the room, in the space between Steve and Tony. The space that’s been there for years narrows into a singular focus and Tony’s tired of fighting it. He’s spent so long pretending that things are going to improve and one day he’ll wake up happy with everything he could ever imagine. Except Steve is never there, and he’s always left with a distinct feeling of discontentment.
Hopefully.
This time, he knows for certain. His marriage is over.
Tony’s family has become Steve’s, not that he’s particularly surprised. Tony’s given him everything—a place, a purpose—and his friends have come to love Steve too. In the face of the lost, Steve finds a place that he fits as best he can.
“I’m sorry.” He sounds horrified with himself. “Steve, I’m sorry.”
And Steve… Steve remembers.
They’re all here. They’re all here
Everyone together for this; Wanda and Vision, Scott and Clint all seated around the table already, with Bucky and Rhodey arguing about something with Nat in the living room, arms waving in animation.
When Tony doesn’t know what to say, Steve fills the silence. “You’ve been waiting for this. You’ve been testing me. Don’t think I haven’t noticed.”
What was left of the programming showed itself when Tony had poked him wrong at the shoulder, sending a whirl of pain up and along his spine. One minute Bucky was balanced on the table, the next he had Tony in a hard grip, fingers tight around his throat.
Conversation stops when he steps into the room, eyes turning up expectantly, but that’s not what makes Steve’s breath catch in his throat. Across the room, Steve takes in the sight of his mother, dressed in her Sunday best, as young and beautiful as he remembers her from his childhood.
“I’m not making fun of you!” Steve exclaimed quickly, watching as Tony slipped further away from him, crossing his arms over his chest dubiously. “I swear. I didn’t even say anything to begin with, it was Clint, but I’m still sorry because I didn’t mean to embarrass you or upset you or piss you off. I was trying to do exactly the opposite, but you know. This is just what happens, I guess.” Stop talking. You’re rambling. Stop fucking talking, Rogers. “I just wanted to make you dinner. That’s all, I swear.” He finished hopelessly.
“Is he in the Compound, FRI?” Tony’s crammed underneath a prototype of repulsor technology he’s trying to figure out how he can add to a Quinjet for better aerial attacks. The tech is on point, but the compatibility is proving trickier than anticipated.
Pinpricks of colour appear and the bell in Steve’s hand rings hollow.
” moment almost brought him to his knees. But that was a long time ago.
“Really?” Tony asks.
. This shouldn’t be so hard.
There were a lot of things to admire about Tony. The sweet chocolate brown of his eyes and the way those eyes crinkled when he laughed. The way he talked with his hands, always a cyclone of motion. The way he teased the people he loved, relentlessly.
That feels so unfair. “You don’t know that. You can’t possibly have known that. You never even gave me a chance, Steve!”
One of them has been set up akin to a meditation space.
“Sorry?”
How long has it been now? Six, seven years? And he can still feel the phantom of Steve’s palm on his lower back, guiding him through the Compound with warm familiarity, after all this time.
Steve comes with Tony’s name on his lips.
Watch his cheeks turn cherry red, a mixture of embarrassment and frantic need.
than Steve seemed to grasp. Long, deft fingers had traced patterns in the sprinkle of hair on his stomach, curling between the strands in a journey up to his chest.
Maybe it doesn’t happen quite like that. But it’s damned close.
The look Tony gave him dared him to protest but Steve wasn’t a fool.
“Oh, so this is my fault?”
The word revolves round and round in his mind. Probably. Probably, probably, probably.
Just when Steve thinks he’s getting his bearings, tugging Tony in with a fist in the centre of his shirt, Tony’s hands go gentle along the side of his face. The pads of Tony’s thumbs brush Steve’s jaw, holding him like something precious and delicate. He licks into Steve’s mouth like he intends to swallow Steve whole, then sighs as if Steve is the sweetest thing he’s ever tasted. Sweeter than the dessert, and the only sustenance Tony needs.
Steve glances up, eyes fastening on to Tony’s mouth and a jolt of heat shocks his system, sending Tony halfway to hard, hot and aching in his pants, looking into Steve’s face and reading every thought in his head. He licks his lips and Steve’s eyes follow the movement, but Steve doesn’t move. He hardly breathes.
This isn’t what Tony wants. It’s a distraction. It’ll make everything pointless.
“Baklava.” Tony’s excitement is evidence. He drops back into the seat beside Steve, and peels back the lid with a flourish. “You’ve never tried it before, right?”
It almost feels like more than that. Steve knows it’s only been hours. Tony had dozed in his hospital bed with him just yesterday, and Steve had watched the glow through his shirt. But it feels like he hasn’t seen it in years.
“You’ve got to have a favourite? Tony, everyone has a favourite.”
Everyone gets to see the flashy, over-the-top Tony Stark with his media smiles and luxury clothing. But no one gets to see him like this, stripped down and naked, open and willing. No one gets to hear these sounds or bask in the breathy way that Tony’s tongue wraps around Steve’s name when he’s trembling and begging to come.
“Come on, fuck me. Fuck me, fuck me,
“Okay.”
Something dawns on Tony then. Maybe he’s holding the missing piece to the puzzle.
It’s not the arm that Tony had built him from scratch.
“Oh, can Stark afford it? Let’s talk about how Stark can afford it when Stark is busy paying for your room and board, the fancy new gadgets you’re so fond of destroying, and everything else your feathered ass desires.” Tony shot back without heat.
“Hey, Tony.” Pepper’s voice wraps him in warmth, only a sliver of sadness today.
“Fuck me, mates. Claim me. C’mon, please.”
Tony forces the words out anyway. “No. We’re done.”
Tony will beg him if he has to. Maybe if Steve forgives him, it’ll help. He’ll feel better because at least he’ll still have Steve and he won’t be completely alone. It’s more than he deserves.
Tony leans down and presses his lips to his forehead. “You do. You absolutely do. You’re so hard on yourself. Just let me do this for you. For him.”
The night before that, Tony held him while he cried, an ice storm screaming through the bunker around them. When the sun rose, Tony slipped away quietly.
Tony’s never needed much direction. He knows Steve like the back of his hand, which makes sense. He was there for the majority of the discovery, and he puts his learning to good use now. Tony’s tongue is hot and wet, licking up the underside of Steve’s cock, following the thick vein up to the head before he dips his tongue into the slit. It’s too early, too soon, and it sends sparks shooting down to Steve’s toes as he groans and slides a hand into Tony’s hair.
Tony would give them everything if he could.
Everything blurs and when his vision clears enough that he can see Pepper gently pulling Peter away from him, his eyes struggle to focus. Nothing has ever hurt like this before, and he’s ready to let go. Turns out, what they say is true. You go when you’re ready. When everything is complete. And there’s only one more thing. He’s got one last thing to do.
It’s clear what the focus is though. Right in the middle of the photograph, sitting on his ass in a massive wooden pen with a broad, genuine grin on his face, is Steve. He has an armful of goats and one has the bottom of his shirt in his mouth, mid-chew, but he’s laughing all the same.
Steve was a budding addict and Tony, the world’s best high.
“Sounds nice,” Steve says, because Tony had asked him something. He can’t tear his eyes away from the columns, sticking out from the black and white newsprint like a bed of nails.
“Can you tell Stevie that he owes me fifty bucks?”
Steve frowns, considering all the ways that Tony’s just given himself away. It feels like they’ve been here before. Steve knows the words as well as he knows the back of his own hands even if he can’t fully place how he knows them. “Tony, people aren’t afraid of you. Ultron was a mess, yes, and we screwed up in Lagos, but people aren’t afraid of you. You don’t need this to somehow clear your conscience. We’re past that, aren’t we?”
There’s not enough liquid in his body for him to swallow the lump in his throat, so when he speaks his voice is a gruesome croak.
“Oh, Tony.” Steve softens, but when he starts towards him Tony holds up a hand.
There’s no question of causality when the nightmares return at full force after the first letter arrives.
Except then they’d defeated an invading alien race and Steve decided that now he’d definitely seen it all. Or at least he hoped, because he was a surprisingly sore loser and losing ten bucks to Fury was more than enough already.
“Weirder than normal, though. Haven’t you noticed how he’s always running off? I feel like we’ve barely spent five minutes with him all week.”
Steve reached out for him again but the sheer violence in the way that Tony flinched away from him brought Steve up short. “Tony,
Tony shakes his head, head tipped to one side. “Always together, right?”
I am so glad that this is finally done.
Comments are much loved, let me know what you think!
Steve can’t bring himself to say Tony’s name.
Tony is still slick and mostly open from the night before, and with the stretch of tender fingers, and a little extra lube, Steve is sliding home into his body again. Both of Steve’s arms wrap around his chest, pillowing under his head.
This is Tony Stark and Steve’s husband, and Steve gets to
Steve glares at Tony, who sits twirling a multitool in his seat, grinning without remorse. “You never said—"
“No, Pops! Here, see?” Morgan holds out a piece for Tony again, and he takes it with the same animation that sets off another series of giggles.
“Shut up.”
Tony takes a deep breath, shoving inside the little operating room, hand already reaching for the override button, except –
“Tony,” Sam blurts in surprise as he comes through the doorway, announcing his arrival. It takes everything in him not to just turn on his heels and run. “Join us, we’ve got enough to feed an army.”
When Steve finally comes, he sobs again, a guttural broken sound that triggers Tony’s own release. It’s not even so much as a catharsis, Tony’s only left feeling gutted. Empty and numb, so deeply numb that Steve’s fingers on his hips lose their sensation and Tony floats away, up, up, up and above them, watching from a distance as they come down together when Steve gently pries him back and settles Tony onto his back next to him.
Back in the forties, an Omega would have constructed a nest around the time of their heat, inviting the Alphas to join them in bonding or breeding, particularly when the partnership was still being solidified. Bucky wasn’t judging, simply inquiring after they’d all silently ignored conversations about bonding and pups for months.
Steve blinks once. A second time. “What?”
And he doesn’t want Steve to die either because he’s in love with Steve, despite his better judgement and everything he’d come to learn about the world in these past few months.
Tony’s nest. It was perfect.
“Tony, Tony, fuck, I can’t—”
The Alpha’s eyes flashed, instincts flaring when his Omega forced him back into a submission but he didn’t rise to the challenge. Instead, the room swelled sharply with Bucky’s arousal, whipped cream enfolding them.
“That’ll be something Cap and I will figure out together. Rebuilding trust is going to be important if we’re going to make this work. Half of you have done this once; back when the Initiative was first forming. What’s coming is significant enough that we’re going to have to set a few things aside and do it again.”
The line clicks, but Steve doesn’t immediately speak. Instead, he’s greeted with controlled, even breaths. It’s not creepy at all.
“It wasn’t the right time, Tony!” Steve does reach for him then but Tony smacks him away. “I wanted to; I did. But if I’d told you and that was the last thing you heard—I couldn’t do that to you, not then.”
“Steve, please.”
Rhodey’s called her, and Tony won’t hold it against him.
With a singular focus, he tugs at Steve’s belt and yanks it open, shoving his pants and underwear down as Steve lifts his hips. Steve’s already hard, erection thick and dripping, jutting proudly from a short swatch of dark blond hair.
He watches as Steve stutters and stammers over the words, telling him everything even when his voice cracks and the tears start to fall. He admits that for over a year he’s been keeping these massive, back breaking secrets, and the implication for what they mean settle over Tony to weigh him down along with Steve. Tony watches dully as his own face transitions through devastation, anger, betrayal and ultimately falls into a despair so palpable he can feel it in his bones.
Sometimes, Steve liked to think that maybe that meant that Tony had loved him too, pushing his buttons and getting under his skin because he too could feel the connection between them. He couldn’t have been the only one to feel the magnetic pull of something bigger than just the two of them, drawing them together.
All the memories are clear in Steve’s mind as if they’d happened yesterday. He can taste Tony’s lips, smeared with honey, and feel the secure vice of Tony’s arm wrapped around his waist as they roll through the sky. He remembers saying goodbye to Peggy together and the way Tony had loved Bucky even after everything.
Peter looks like he’s about to sink into the floor, and there’s a green tinge to the near-translucent skin around his cheeks. He’s just a kid and they’re fighting in front of him, the same way that good old Howard and Maria did with him.
Collateral damage.
“He’s jealous. And it’s hot.” Tony gave his Alphas a flat look. “I just wasn’t expecting this. When have I ever done anything like this? Seriously? Tell me. I feel like… some fifties housewife. Dress me up in some hosiery and I could basically be playing house for my big, strong Alphas. Maybe I should start cooking your dinner, too.”
“I love you too.”
Tony shouldn’t be watching this. He knows better. Come down, shut off the sequencing. That’s all he needed to do. And standing here, watching this, well, that was a massive violation of HIPPA and he could hear Pepper in his head, reminding him that a multi-million-dollar lawsuit was not what he needed right now.
He decides to give him the benefit of the doubt, even if Steve doesn’t deserve it.
Tony’s eyes were closed, but he was scenting him gently, smelling of contentment and safety that lingered on his tongue and had the faint taste of caramel.
“It’ll be nice to work with you, Peter,” Steve offers, and Peter doesn’t reply, just nods his head sharply before his eyes flick over Bucky, standing not too far behind Steve.
It’s in the way Tony doesn’t mince words. He doesn’t shy away from a fight just because Steve is Captain America. And as much as he hates to admit it, Steve’s initial assessment of Tony was wrong.
“Steve, come on!” Tony’s still grinning, throwing his armour towards him. “There’s an orgasm on the line here!”
“Not intentionally. I was with you over the Accords, right up until the moment I realized that it wasn’t going to work. I wasn’t double-crossing you; I wasn’t playing both sides. I genuinely backed your play. But when I realized Steve wasn’t going to quit… someone was going to get hurt, or killed. Not letting them go would have been more than I was willing to sacrifice.”
“I know that—”
Tony doesn’t look like he’ll take any pleasure in it. He wonders, absently, if Steve weren’t here what escape Tony would have picked first: a bender in his shop, or the bottle.
The pair stripped Tony near naked in seconds, pants shucked off and boxers tugged low enough that the head of Tony’s cock was already free and trapped tight to his belly. He was hard, leaking already, and gooseflesh rose over his skin as one of Steve’s fingers dragged along the tip, spreading slippery moisture across the head.
“That’s not what I—”
“I know. Yet here we are.”
When everything tasted like honey and nothing hurt. He hadn’t worked so hard to have this, only to be
Just like that, enough is enough.
Damned wizards and their secrecy.
Steve doesn’t seem to have an answer to that, and for a long moment he’s lost in his own thoughts. Tony watches him mull everything over, swimming through a sea of inner conflict Tony doesn’t, can’t, understand.
After breakfast, they opt to ditch the game highlights and instead, Tony takes Rhodey down to where they’ve set up the B.A.R.F. program to run in the Compound. It’s not massive, but Tony has dedicated almost an entire floor to the set up in a way that’s intentional but subtle.
Exhaustion layered with the delicious haze of booze takes over and his limbs feel thick and heavy. Uncoordinated. A quick text to Pepper cancels their dinner plans. In the short time Tony’s been on the phone, the news has already broken.
They haven’t talked about Siberia, or the divorce, or anything of substance and for his part, Tony is too afraid of all the answers to ask any questions now.
“Yeah,” Tony grinned, wrinkling his nose. “Yeah, right now I am.” He pauses, linking his fingers with Steve’s. “Did you tell her? About us? Before…”
Comments are much loved, let me know what you think!
, explodes behind his eyes and a fresh wave of tears threatens. That he could have ever—that he had contributed to
Steve blinked.
Tony was, once again, noticeably absent.
He had. Peggy had been overjoyed, her eyes shining with an emotion he hadn’t quite been able to place, and it made sense now. If she’d known Tony, if she’d watched him grow—watched him struggle—that knowing smile was suddenly a key in the lock.
Steve groans into the curve of Tony’s throat and bites down on the straining tendons he’s been laving with his tongue. Who is Steve to deny him when Tony begs in that pretty, breathy voice, handing over everything Steve’s ever hoped for and more?
And oh, Steve’s always been so good at taking directions.
“I really am sorry,” Steve says.
When he leans forward, he thinks he’s going to kiss Steve gently, a soft press of the lips after so long apart.
For a second, Steve’s mind fumbles. Arguably, this isn’t good at all. Tony’s hand-to-hand combat skills are sorely lacking, and one of these days someone is going to catch him outside the suit and poorly prepared to defend himself. “I don’t think I’d go that far—”
Always so direct, his Rhodey-bear. Apparently, someone had beaten him to the punch.
Tony had found a multitude of other items, fuzzy and plush and soft, that all carried the scents of his pack, and yet he’d still taken them. And everyone had noticed.
The anger doesn’t feel any better than the despair.
He wants Tony to make this real and it’s only ever felt real when one of them is hurting.
Steve wanting him in this incredible, all-consuming way was like someone had flipped a switch he hadn’t even realized he’d had.
Over and over, Natasha tried to force the life back into Steve’s body as Tony retched again, bringing up more seawater onto the harsh wood of the deck.
Tony considers this for a moment, then says, “I don’t want to see you lose any more than you have.”
It wasn’t intentional. The Compound had never really been home, nor had the Tower or his Malibu property. No, Tony had fluttered from place to place like a homeless hummingbird, until one day home came crashing into his face lips first, headlong and unrepentant; a firecracker exploding in his hands.
“Sorry, you just startled me,” Tony offers, hoping that Steve will ignore it all, keep walking, and let him off the hook. It’s the least Steve could do, right?
Steve blinks.
This morning had been all about Steve, Tony taking him apart slow and easy with his hands and his mouth, whispering sweet nothings into his ear and easing Steve into orgasms that started to layer over each other until Steve was a whimpering, sobbing mess.
“Always together.” Steve says, ignoring the way that Pepper presses closer and leans her head against his shoulder. As the mask settles over his mouth, Steve brings his hand up and presses it softly against the glass
“It will.” Tony’s assurance wobbles on his tongue.
This was… this was years ago.
Steve laughed, finally able to tug Tony into his body, and held him close.
Steve blinks.
“Right. Cake then.” Steve physically held back his eye roll. “But like, if you had to pick a favourite meal. Something that isn’t dessert or made of pure sugar.”
Bucky snorts. “You used to follow him around everywhere.” Bucky directs his attention to the room. “Thomas was a scrawny little fella, smaller than Steve even, and he walked on crutches most days. Steve made it his mission to keep him safe from the neighborhood bullies.”
Tony gives her a withering look, then proceeds to feel like human garbage as he thrusts the champagne glass off to a passing waitress and stalks off towards the exit. Pepper is so good to him, so kind and giving, and contrary to popular belief, Tony does know when he’s being an asshole and she doesn’t deserve to be treated like this.
Tugging a shirt out of one of the drawers, Tony putters through the bedroom for a few minutes as the news comes on the screen across the far wall. With the background noise of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s fall in D.C. humming in his ear, Tony wipes come from the window. There’s no need to subject his innocent little cleaning bots to all that.
Steve is still getting it right a month later when Helen confirms what the other doctors have said; amputation is the best option. Tony had been prepared for it, but the word amputation still makes him wince and sit up marginally straighter, holding himself up with the sheer force of his pride. Even with the arm gone he’ll still have scars, hideous ones that span chest to back and have seared away at his face including some of the hair around his ear.
He wants to cup his palms around it and bury his face in it until there’s nothing but blue light and the sound of the gentle hum the reactor emits.
is good.”
Tony's taken a bad hit a few minutes ago, and for a long moment Steve had held his breath, feeling the sear of pain up his forearm. Underneath his gloves, his soulmark is on fire, a beacon of warning that his soulmate is injured.
“I do have a question,” Peter says, almost as an afterthought, and Tony offers him an encouraging grunt. “When you say Wizard… do you mean like, Harry Potter wizard or Gandalf wizard?”
“We’re going to break into the shop when he gets home.”
Tony padded into the bathroom adjoining the workshop, body screaming in the best way, on the hunt for a wash cloth. Behind him, and in the centre of his mind, he could tell the super soldiers were whispering to each other.
“Yeah, an SI meeting. Pep says if I don’t come to this one, they’re going to stage a coup and kick me off the board. As if that would ever happen.”
For a minute Steve blinks up at Tony, waiting for him to disappear, but Tony just reaches out a hand and hauls him to his feet.
“I missed you too, sweetheart.”
Tony laughed freely, relishing the flare of possessiveness as the pair leaned over him. Steve was perfect like that, eyes dark and blown black, giving over to that hindbrain desire to claim and mark and
Bucky dropped him in a flash, overwhelmed by the smell of
So, he thinks wildly, this is hysteria.
“Can you package that up for us?” Tony calls across the shop just as Steve catches the shop owner’s eyes skittering away. “And if you keep what you just saw to yourself, I think you’ll find the tip will more than cover all your renovations.”
“Is it so hard to believe?”
Tony grips Steve’s jaw to hold him still, rolling his hips up into the crease of Steve’s hip where he finds Steve hard and swollen in his pants, following the movement to thrust down against Tony. It’s perfect, everything that Tony remembers and completely new at the same time. But this is Steve, this is his husband. This is the love of his life.
Steve clearly hadn’t given it a second thought when he’d plunged the shield down into his chest.
Steve snorted, nose wrinkling in distaste as Clint’s familiar smell came to mind. “It never would have been Clint. He smells like papaya.”
He’s never going to let Tony go. He never wants to wake up. He never wants to take another breath when Tony isn’t there to share it with him.
“Tony.” Pepper must be smiling across the phone line, a disapproving smirk teasing across her mouth because her tone is a gentle, playful warning. “Happy’s good. We’re great. He misses you.” The
“Tony’s dead. You can’t change what you did and you can’t bring him back. You need to start accepting that.”
Steve blinks.
Tony is a thunderstorm in his arms, all crackling electricity and energy as his hands explore his jaw, his throat, slipping down to try and skirt underneath his armour and tug it off. His usually deft fingers catch on the buckles and folds and Tony growls against his mouth, breaking the kiss to glare at Steve’s uniform.
Without even thinking, Steve catches Tony’s hand before it falls away and presses the palm against his cheek. Rough calluses rasp across his face and Tony is looking at him with an uncertain awe, as if Steve’s already hung the moon and he’s still searching the sky for the stars.
Steve grips him tight, keeping Tony close and near immobilized as if he’s just along for the red. He feels safe and secure, as if he’s flying even, kept afloat by the gasps that breeze alongside his shoulders and tickle the back of his neck.
Tony loves him anyway.
Tony groans into the duvet. “You’re such an asshole. You know what I want.”
Somehow, through it all, they’d found a way back.
He also knows that tonight, when he sleeps, the memories will come back just as strong and he’ll dream of Tony. He’ll dream of citrus and two sparkling set of brown eyes—a reprieve from the nightmares of carrying Tony off the battlefield, limp and cold in his arms.
His lips brush Steve’s forehead, once. Twice. Just a whisper of skin against skin. With arms that don’t belong to him, Steve winds himself around Tony, dragging him in to bury his face against the centre of his chest. There’s no light anymore, hasn’t been for years, but the relief is still the same. If he closes his eyes, he can feel the warmth of the arc reactor, glowing bright against his cheeks, peeking underneath his eyelids.
tumbling from his lips in a steady stream. A benediction he would say every day for the rest of his life.
Steve breathes in Tony’s air until it almost feels like they could be one person, homeostatic. Whole.
A sorry comparison to the blue eyes carefully watching him now, that somehow still reached out to thaw the winter that lived in his chest, hinting at spring.
Natasha flicks one red-painted thumb, and the next picture is a grainy image of the two of them, Steve’s swim trunks riding dangerously low on his hips and Tony in his arms. They’re kissing, the sun gleaming off their wet skin as Steve walks them out of the ocean and back up towards the mansion.
“It’s pathetic, I know.” Tony sighs and presses his lips together, trying to convey more than he has the energy to say.
The soulmark on his wrist had always been the tether, something to hold on to when the nightmares felt more real than reality and the Valkyrie was going down, fast. Even before he knew what it meant, or who it tied him to, Steve’s soulmark had kept him grounded.
It was perfect, oh fuck it was everything he’d hoped it would be–
“I was hoping you could tell me,” Tony says, frowning. “You don’t remember?”
Steve gives a deflated sigh and sits up, arms resting on the arch of his knees under the light sheet.
“We did it,” Tony says weakly.
Strange puts the cherry on top of the fucking proverbial cake when he spins on his heels, cape moving of its own accord, and struts right back out proclaiming that his job– in warning everyone of imminent threats– is complete.
“Come here. Tony, come here.” Steve’s tugging at the remaining scraps of his clothes, peeling his undershirt over his head and shoving a hand into his boxers. A hot palm wraps around his cock and gives it a loving stroke, firm from base to tip and Tony arches into it, pressing his forehead against Steve as a whimper that could be a sob slips free.
“That’s pretty much the gist of it all. Buck’s never been shy about telling me what he really feels. He said I’d never been selfish, back before everything and that’s what did it. I thought you were the selfish one. You never listened and you expected a lot from me–”
It’s like Steve can’t stop. He kisses Tony again between the laughter, hard-pressed to frown when Tony reaches over to wipe the drying come off them both with the edge of the sheets.
So, it wasn’t really Tony’s fault that Peter had seen him, broken and bleeding, barely conscious. He wasn’t even sure what Peter really knew about the whole ordeal, hearing but unable to really process the snippets of information T’Challa had shared with Peter and Rhodey by the time he’d gotten Tony back to base.
?” If that isn’t the fucking icing on the cake. “Are you fucking serious? Meant more to you. Fucking hell, Rogers! You’re one delusional motherfucker, aren’t you?”
Cracking one eye open, Steve’s surprised by how vivid everything seems. The sun is bright, spilling through the floor to ceiling windows and bathing the room in warm light. His heart races in his chest at the thought that they might all be here tonight—his team, comfortable and domestic, waiting for him just outside the door to his apartment.
“You’re so goddamn dramatic all the time. What are you even—"
“You didn’t see how he was looking at you when you defended Barnes.”
Bucky had told him it didn’t matter; no one had to know and Steve was
The Hobbit had become one of his favourites, and he had fallen in love with Tolkien as a young man, well into his adulthood. What he hadn’t anticipated, however, was this strong identification with one very particular, scaly character.
“Yeah, you’re right. I—damn.” Tony shoots him a sheepish look and squeezes his forearm. The unilateral decision to run for the hills feels like a small error now, and Tony sets it aside for review later. Now, other focuses require his attention. “I fucked up. I’m sorry, too.”
“Just, shut up for a second, okay?” Tony reaches for him, voice soft.
Rage swells like the ocean, tearing at the shore.
Steve claimed him, just like the very first time, fucking hard into him and marking Tony as his. His to love, to protect, even if it meant protecting him from the demons that roamed in his own dreamscape, Steve would be whatever he needed.
“Will you stop saying that! It
Gasping into Tony’s mouth, torn between the desire to melt into the fantasy and shove it away, Steve tips Tony’s head back and claims him. He’s not here for awkward, fumbling kisses. He’s here for the passion and the rage, the atonement he never finds in his waking life.
A short chapter, but I promise the next few will make up for it.
They share deep, ragged breaths, air flowing between them as the inhales draw longer and the steady rhythm slows to rest. If Tony opens his eyes and looks down at his hands, he has no doubt that he’d find one of the cracked shards that’s been missing from their relationship since the beginning. It’s not perfect, it won’t ever be. For now, it’s good enough.
“I’m trying to figure out what I’m missing here. Everyone else seems to understand. So, there must be something more that I’m not getting. That I’m not… understanding.” Steve speaks slowly, clipped as if he’s handpicking every word with hesitant fingers waiting to have his knuckles rapped.
In a moment of weakness, he asks FRIDAY where Steve is two days later. He hasn’t physically seen Steve in forty-eight hours, and against his better judgement, he’s able to admit that he’s concerned.
“Fuck,” Tony says eventually, sounding more coherent. He rubs Steve’s nose with his own and cups his cheek. “Fucking hell, Steve.”
“Captain—”
“Shh,” Tony presses his forehead into the space between Steve’s shoulders as he struggles and Tony’s voice goes soft. “It’s okay. You’re beautiful like this Steve, so small and perfect. You don’t have to be Captain America here. Just let go, honey.”
Good, so fucking good.
Anything his mind would give him.
“You were having a nightmare!” Steve cried, gesturing wildly to the space between them, the wet sheets and the tips of Tony’s bare toes. “I couldn’t wake you.”
“Tony, please just—"
Steve scowled at him.
“I wasn’t obsessed with him. And his name was Thomas.” Steve’s got a small, wistful smile on his face that hints at a Brooklyn summer afternoon.
again
Tony gives him a heartbreaking smile and in that split-second Steve knows that whatever Tony says next is the end. One final blow; the proverbial shield grasped in Tony’s fingers this time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Gross, don’t do that.” Bucky waves a hand between them as if to both accept and bat away his thank-you. He’s smiling all the same.
replace him. How could you even—”
“It’s not like you gave me any reason to!”
Steve laughs into his mouth when Tony leans in for a kiss, carefree and happier than he’s been in a damned long time.
Why was he empty? He couldn’t remedy the sensation with the bliss in his mind. Warm satisfied fizzles of aftershocks fluttered along his spin and everything was perfect except he was...
“No, of course, I’m sorry. I should’ve–”
Tony pauses and raises an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
“You want kids,” Steve cuts him off, and Tony nods.
“Nah, he’d have told us. Plus, you remember last time? He’d be poppin’ his top if he was and gettin’ all squirrely on us.”
But Steve has clearly broken through this memory already, because what Memory-Steve actually says is different.
Pepper wails through a series of vicious pushes. Her body contracts and goes rigid, the tendons all along her body straining with effort. For a moment it doesn’t look like she’ll be successful, collapsing back against the pillows with a little sob that makes Steve’s heart ache for her, but the next wave comes on quickly. She rears back forward, gripping them both until Tony is cursing under his breath and curling around her, a hand on her back as if he can somehow help her through this.
“Why don’t you just bite him and put me out of my misery, Rogers? It’s the quickest way to end this and you know it.”
When they fall into bed that night, Steve waits as long as he can before he closes his eyes.
“You know, at first I was pretty sure that white stuff was comin’ outta him,” Sam’s the first to stride over and shake Peter’s hand. Peter returns the grip firmly, his face open and warm without a hint of reservation and in that moment, Tony is so proud of him. Peter is better than all of them combined. “Sam Wilson, the Falcon. And to be honest, I’m still not completely ruling it out.”
“It’s not about that either.” Tony will never deny that he loves him. Steve’s the kind of man you love across a lifetime. The type of man that lives underneath your skin even when he’s gone, even when he’s holed up in Wakanda with the man that killed your parents.
“I should get to choose.” Tony grumbled. “My mates.”
“You sure that isn’t the pain meds?” Tony asks, and Pepper snatches a hand out and grabs his arm, hauling him forward with surprising strength.
The admission is a vindication, blossoming in his chest and relieving some of the heavy pressure on his lungs. “Thank you.”
, until the words reverberated through his chest and Tony could taste them on his tongue.
“Iron Man, we need you down here,” Steve’s voice is barely audible in his ears over the roar of the battle, but the comms would pick it up. Tony is high above him in the sky, repulsors chopping through hordes of the alien invaders as if they’re nothing but reams of paper, leaving a stream of alien gore in his wake.
Tony feel just cold and empty.
when he came, shooting a stream of heat into his body and clamping his hands down hard on Tony’s waist to keep him still.
Steve is in the kitchen with his back to them.
his left, and he needs to recalibrate his body so Tony can move on to other, more pressing projects.
They won’t, he knows that. Maybe tomorrow Steve will shatter everything and these moments will become memories steeped in regret and bitterness, too. But he’ll allow himself a moment to be weak; to take the risk again.
As it turns out, the perspective comes and goes at will, and is unreliable at best.
They laugh together before Tony finishes showing off all the additions he’s made to the floor, fielding the rest of Rhodey’s questions about B.A.R.F. from where he’s sunken into the centre of an over-indulgent bean bag chair.
“Bucky—”
. There’s no other way he can explain it or describe it. Something in him has shifted and Steve has had some type of revelation, maybe.
“You did.”
The immediacy with which Tony hates Dr. Strange doesn’t come as a surprise.
“—I did not feel it was appropriate to interrupt. However, you should be aware that the Soldier did attempt to hack into the audio system without success approximately twenty minutes ago. He is still observing.”
When Steve finally speaks, it’s soft and almost inviting. “I took the stones back. No issues. We don’t ever have to worry about them again.”
Even when he closed his eyes, panting hard, he could feel them smiling.
It’s easy to see that Steve is letting him have this, letting him take what he wants because in all other things Steve Rogers is an immovable block of stone. He tugs Tony up against his front, plastering them together and slipping a hand under the back of his jacket to ruck up his shirt and get at bare skin.
“Is that right?” Steve asks, resting his cheek against Tony’s shoulder. “I’m not surprised. This is where I fell in love with you.”
Tony doesn’t have time to protest before Steve is coming, his face contorted into something so profoundly sad that Tony’s eyes burn when he shuts them. Wet, hot release streaks across his face and against his better judgement, Tony’s opening his mouth, tongue out, ready to suck him down all the same.
Laughter rippled along the table.
“This is our daughter.” Tony looks at him, shaking his head and grinning in a way Steve hasn’t seen since their wedding day. “This is our daughter, Steve.”
Tony knocks back a second mouthful of scotch and cringes when Steve takes a step towards him. It’s not quite a flinch, but it might as well have been with the way that Steve’s face morphs into a grimace as he clenches his hands at his sides.
FRIDAY is quiet for a beat. “Impossible to calculate, Boss. But if I could venture a guess, perhaps new data is worth follow up experimentation. Difficult to say if the yield will be similar without further study.” He’s proud of her. Growing every day, and keeping Tony on his toes.
Vision turns to look at him with a blissfully ignorant, encouraging smile. “I’m unfamiliar with this practice, Tony. Could you elaborate on its function?”
Rhodey chuckles, pushing out of his seat and joining Tony at the counter. He starts pulling bowls and pans out of various cupboards, clucking his tongue when he sees the meager selection in Tony’s fridge. But, obviously, there’s always enough for an omelet.
“You beg so pretty,” Tony tells him, curling over him and lining up for that first, slow glide. When Tony finally sinks into him, Steve arches up into it, opening himself as a home to Tony’s body. Tony’s given him everything, and Steve wants to feed it all back to him.
Steve flinches, knuckles whitening around the handle of the door still clutched in his left hand. For a second, Tony thinks that he might deny him. That Steve might push ahead, bully his way in, and refuse to leave until he’s gotten what he needs of Tony, whatever that is now.
“I didn’t even realize how much I needed it,” Steve says quietly. “It’s been a part of you for so long.”
Tony glances back at the photograph and sighs. He wonders how much more there is to the story and lets himself imagine, only for a moment, what exactly this could mean. It’s probably for the best that he’ll never know.
“Nothing,” Steve says, like a reflex. “Nothing. I was just—”
No, Tony is desperate to stay. He’ll spend the rest of his life in Steve’s arms, in Steve’s bed, in Steve’s life if only Steve will let him. If only Steve stays exactly like this. Imperfect, and admitting it.
Steve and Barnes sit opposite to Natasha and Sam in a small booth off to the side of the hotel’s bar and grill. It’s two in the afternoon and the room is empty save the Rogues, three of whom eye him warily as he approaches. One gives him a hopeful smile that feels like an undeserved secret.
“You keep something like that from me again, and we’re done.”
And Tony. Well, Tony doesn’t really know what to make of that dirty trick.
“It’s perfect.”
“The serum,” Steve says, definitive and firm.
Steve was supposed to be here long before now. Damn the hospital and their incessant discharge protocols.
Steve looks so completely hollow, a shell of the man that Tony knew once.
“Stark says he’s dealt with the worst of it. I’m still working with this big hunk of swiss cheese,” Bucky taps a finger to his temple with a bit of chagrin but the smile remains. “But it’s better than nothing.”
The arm is easy enough to install, Shuri having cleaned up the joint and taken care of the majority of the docking port work back in Wakanda. They work for almost two hours before the arm is attached and functional, running through a series of tests like a dream.
“We could do steaks for the Fourth of July this year?” Tony suggested.
“You mean – I mean I – darn it, Tony I care about you, okay??” Steve said, just a tough too loud. “You drive me insane. I like you and of course I care about you and I just wanted to – oomfph.”
Nat shrugged. “Maybe you left them in your room. Come on, we’re going to be late. Just borrow these.” She tossed a set of Bruce’s warm, lined gloves he’d left behind while he was off gallivanting in South Africa. With a hurry of goodbyes, she was tugging him out the door, muttering something about not disappointing her favourite niece and nephews.
Tony had breezed right past it.
“What are you doing, Steve?”
Dr. Strange arrives at one of the smaller meetings of the newly enacted and, frankly shaky at best, Accords Committee. The timing couldn’t have been better, and Tony suspects he’s done that on purpose, because all the notable representation from across the globe, and the key players from the World Security Council are present and on edge.
Rhodey takes one look at him, striding into the conference room for their first official ‘team’ meeting, and his jaw clenches.
Bucky hesitated. “Why would you do that?”
“Actually, yes. I’m assuming that you know where Romanoff is? You’ll have to fill her in on all the details because she’s been MIA since the airport and I have no way of contacting her.”
A few feet away, Steve wasn’t breathing.
Or come say hi @ sapphic-futurist.tumblr.com
“It’s hopeless, Mr. Stark.” Peter was saying, sullen with his chin in his hands as DUM-E gave a supportive chirp beside his shoulder. He was pining over a girl at his high school and had been for weeks.
One of Bucky’s hands wormed its way down between them, pushing his own restrictive pants off as Steve’s hands slid up his ribs.
“Can it, Stevie. I want to hear it from him. If he’s got some idea of what Omegas are supposed to be like, then he’s probably got a few things he wants to say to us, right?”
“It’s bullshit, Rhodey. Seriously. Sure, he says I’m sorry, but it’s just for not saying anything. Not about all the lying that went on leading up to everything, or what he did to our team, or to
Peter pauses. “You’re not just doing it for me though, right?”
“Don’t what?”
Natasha sighs and leans against his workbench, effectively cutting off all his access to a new set of arrows he’s been working on for Clint and forcing him bodily into the conversation.
Steve drifted into sleep with Tony’s hair tickling his jaw and the welcoming heat of his body wrapping around them both. That night, he dreamed of dancing and Tony’s hand on his nape, pulling him down to press their mouths together, the night sky clear and illuminated by the white of the moon and stars.
“Mate,” Steve whispered into his ear, thrusting into him slow and easy as he twitched with oversensitivity. Through Bucky’s mind’s eye he could see himself, Steve’s arms wrapped around his middle, holding him upright.
“You can cry, Steve, it’s fine. There might be some yelling too.” Tony gives him a lopsided smile. “I’ve never been so great at all this. My therapist tells me that anger
When Steve finally quiets, Tony reaches past him, trying not to jostle or dislodge him, and taps him on the shoulder with the top letter from the pile. The most recent one. The one where Steve’s ended with,
When Steve’s efforts aren’t enough anymore, Tony fucks into his mouth with a single-minded focus, hard enough that Steve chokes and tries to pull off. He gags, but Tony forces him back down, stealing the air from his lungs.
Rhodey is glaring into the back of his head, he just knows it.
The white, sheet-covered mass that was Tony disappeared from view and in that moment, Steve thought to ask if they’d take him too, because they belonged together. Hadn’t Tony just promised him they’d be together, always? Steve had to go too.
And Tony should turn him down.
Tony bites the edge of his jaw and reaches between them to palm Steve’s length in his fist, squeezing with the lightest pressure, barely more than a tease. “I am! I am fucking you like I mean it.” Tony laughs, breathless. “I’m fucking you like I love you, because I love you, Steve. Jesus Christ, do I ever.”
Tony scoffs. “Aside from that hardly being any of your business, let’s be blunt. What exactly are you concerned about? I want to make sure I’m understanding you before I tell you why you’re an idiot.”
“While you’re here, Stark, maybe you could actually give this a once over for me?” Bucky’s voice is even and steady but there’s a hint of hesitation behind his cloudy eyes.
Tony rolls his eyes. “And say what?”
Tony shoots him an odd look, one corner of his mouth dipping down. “Just think about which version of yourself you liked the best, and blink. It’s that simple.”
“You’re hurt.”
Steve laughs, genuinely laughs and Tony can’t help but crack a smile too, even if he is wildly confused and a little concerned about the possibility of Skrulls. As if he hadn’t had enough to worry about, before Captain Marvel had started telling him tales.
“Hey.” Bucky’s deep, sleep-drunk timbre was a gruff interruption from behind Tony, and Steve hid a guilty smile in the curve of Tony’s neck.
Tony won’t look at him as he tugs Steve to his feet without grace and shoves him in the direction of the sofa in the corner. The couch connects with his knees and he crumples into a heap, barely avoiding cracking his jaw off the seatback.
“Are you okay?”
“Pretty sure that’s taken up enough of my time already, Buck,” Steve reminds him affectionately, briefly resting a hand on his shoulder before he curls it into a fist and gives him a playful slug across the arm.
It’s not long before Steve picks up the pace, groaning and rolling his hips as Tony explores the defined curve of his ass with one hand, spreading and kneading. He slides a finger down the crease of Steve’s ass and feels him shiver so he does it again, lingering over the pucker of his hole and pressing light against the tender flesh there.
It was just him and Tony for breakfast that morning when he finally worked up the nerve to ask.
“I was scared, alright!” He’s so fucking gorgeous when his control slips away. When it actually lets himself be real, even just for a moment. “I know you wanted to be left alone but I was terrified that if I didn’t keep pushing, I’d just lose you entirely. Maybe that doesn’t make sense. I’ve always just pushed through, that’s what I
, Steve!” Tony shouted, hurling one of the pillows in his direction. It fell limp and useless onto the floor, halfway between the bed and where Steve was pressed against the doorframe.
‘Our team.’ Right.
Steve’s pushed Tony, hard, since he got back.
Steve takes the second leaflet from him, frowning as he opens the top page and takes in the heading. It’s so simple, just three little words, but Tony sees the moment that they slice through the last shred of his resolve and rip him to pieces.
Tony’s fingers pause inside him as he reaches down to jerk him off, hard and fast. It’s no use begging this time, Tony’s already compiled all the data and he knows exactly what this body can handle. With the orgasm hovering just beyond his grasp, Steve slumps forward as Tony brings him right to the edge and lets go of his cock, keeping him trapped against the couch.
Before he can tug on the handle, the door flies open and he’s attacked by a thick wall of muscle topped off with crystal blue eyes and a bristled jaw.
And Steve just… crumples.
Steve doesn’t know what to say.
“Colonel?” Barnes cuts in. “Full disclosure, I’m not prepared or cleared to run drills at this time. I’m havin’ trouble with the arm, and I’m only recently out of cryo. Whatever I can do from the sidelines is fine, but until I have the green light from the team in Wakanda, I’m too great a risk to engage in hand to hand.”
“Tony, it’s fine. We all have them. It’s fine.”
“No.”
“Stop romancin’ and just kiss me, Stevie.”
With a science Steve will never understand, he blinks and they’re in the elevator. The door slides open, and Steve gasps.
The next morning, Rhodey turns up in the penthouse just as he’s padding his way into the kitchen. He’s slept all of three hours and he has to scrub his fists into his eyes because he’s still seeing three of them. The room smells like coffee, but there isn’t any in his hands.
“I love you, Pep.”
Pleasure threatened to suffocate him as tears formed behind his eyes.
“Don’t let go, Steve. No matter what, we’ll get them back together. Always together. You’re always saying that.” Tony laughs a little, short and sweet. “I don’t even remember when it started but I believe it now. Just don’t let me go, okay? Promise me you won’t let me go.”
The words are like velvet, stroking along Tony’s skin and making him want to melt. All those carefully constructed walls, just shattered pieces around his feet now.
Bucky’s mouth had been frantic on his tongue stroking deep between the seam of his lips as his hands worked at the button on his trousers, suspenders shoved aside over his thin shoulders.
Steve blinks.
“Okay.”
“Look at you, doll, so desperate for it. Gonna make you mine. Ours.”
“So, you’re okay then?” Steve asks, turning to Bucky. “No more trigger words? No more brainwashing?”
“Steve. Steve. Let go.” Steve’s hands fly back and come up to cover his face instead, as if he can’t bear to look Tony in the eye after everything.
“Even if you did—”
Finally, Steve is giving him back the pieces of himself he left behind in Siberia.
God, he needed to shut it off. But –
“Mmfph.” Tony mumbled from inside his coffee cup, two holographic screens projecting up from his phone. He was seemingly reading the morning news, his work emails, and three other things that Steve couldn’t make out backwards all at once.
“Bucky – Buck – baby, come on, I’m ready. Shit I’m so ready, please.” He was soaring.
The pardons fell through.
As if in slow motion, Tony watched Bucky slide his head to the side and reveal his gland. Steve’s mouth sealed over it and everything went white.
whispering across both sides of the bond.
Steve blinks.
Fumbling around in the nightstand, Steve tugged out Tony’s preferred brand of lubricant and unbuckled his pants, giving himself a long, lazy stroke before he uncapped the container and liberally coated his fingers. The slick warmed in his palm and with the other hand, Steve spread Tony’s cheeks, letting his fingers find a home in the supple curve of his ass before swiping moisture across his hole and massaging the tight ring of muscles there.
“Fuck off.” Or sometimes he’ll mix it up. “Fuck you.” Or “Fuck this.” It never gets any further because Steve doesn’t pursue him very hard, and Tony’s gotten pretty good at slipping away just before the drills start wrapping up.
happening?
“I haven’t been alright for a year, Steve. What kind of question is that?”
She might as well have looked right at him, for Thor’s sake.
“Different circumstances, can’t do much like this.”
Steve props himself up on one elbow and palms the side of Tony’s face. How Steve can caress him as if he’s something delicate and worthy of being cherished, Tony doesn’t know. He’s hurt Steve just now, cut him deep, and Steve wears that baldly across his face. He’s holding Tony anyways.
“Tony, no.”
? Of all the things they’ve done to each other over the years, good and bad, Tony’s gone and just—
, liar.
!” If he didn’t have a grip on Tony’s wrists, he expects Tony might slap him. He jerks at his hands again, and Steve holds fast. “My Mom. My goddamn Mom and you knew! You fucking—You knew and you didn’t say anything but you said—And you keep saying that you—Did you even mean it—"
“How long has it been since you felt good?” Tony slides his hand up the inside of Steve’s arm, tracing light across the wrinkle of skin on the inside of his elbow, before dropping off onto the side of his waist. One of Steve’s hip bones angles into Tony’s palm, just above the low-hanging fabric of his plaid sleepwear.
“Do you have to do that here,” Bucky demanded one evening, voice gruff.
“And you’re being fucking selfish,” Tony growls, shoving forward. Even with the prep, Tony feels enormous in his ass, bigger than he’s ever felt before, and Steve hides a whine in his forearm. He’s full in a way he hasn’t experienced in decades. “So—fucking—selfish—” Tony drives into him to the hilt and before Steve can bite out a sharp response Tony slaps a palm over his mouth and steals his voice.
“Yeah,” Steve huffs, “I think I got that.”
“It’s not just for you,” Tony says, and it’s as simple as that.
Tony loved that—waking up in a hot pool of release knowing that he’d come from only the friction of Steve’s cock in his ass, forced to rut up against the sheets. And Steve would give that to him, too.
When he rolls his hips up, quick and dirty, Tony is hard against him, and he groans, dropping kisses wherever he can reach with Tony’s hands in his hair. “The fellas though…”
Tony runs a hand through the silky strands of his hair, shushing him. “We’re no good at talking, remember.” He presses a mockery of a smile into the crown of Steve’s head. “And it won’t change anything now.”
“The serum’s just asleep for the winter.” Tony curls over Steve and for the first time since this started, he looks directly into Steve’s eyes. “I figured it out in less than an hour.”
The letters are in a neat pile on the roll-away table beside the hospital bed to his right. Pepper is dozing in the chair to his left with her shoes kicked off and her legs curled up underneath her. It would be a shame to wake her when she looks so tired, and Tony tries to shift quietly in the bed so as not to disturb her.
She shakes her head. “You didn’t. This is different.”
“Tony, you have to—”
instead of
“—It does matter—”
“Tony, just listen,” Steve starts, trying to meet him in the middle for once in their lives. “I’m not happy about how things played out and I hate that I hurt you, I do. This—it’s a mess and I know that. I want to sort it out, but right now I need to think about Bucky and the team—”
Steve bit back a groan, stroking himself in earnest, rubbing the puppet across his chest where the fabric rasped over his nipples, teasing them into taut little points. Just hearing the sound of Tony’s voice left his cock pulsing between his legs, a drop of precome leaking from the tip to slick the way. Steve let his thumb press into the slit, spreading the moisture before teasing himself just below the glans until his thighs were twitching with the sensitivity.
The video Steve’s watching comes to an end, and for a long moment there’s nothing. No holographic Tony, no sweet, teasing kisses, no soft, laughing voice. Just Steve, alone in the expanse of Tony’s workshop.
He’s like a trapped wildcat in Steve’s arms, twisting in his grip and spitting mad. There are little streaks of fire in his eyes. The hurt is thick and palpable.
Tony launches forward, and their lips meet, teeth clacking against each other when Tony forces all of his rage headlong into the kiss. If Steve can even call it that.
“I don’t want him to get wrapped up in all this.” Tony jabs one of the wings in frustration, leaving a scratch he’ll buff out later. Or maybe he’ll leave it if Sam says it’s still not right. “He’ll get hurt, Rhodey.”
When things were simpler.
The best thing about Pepper is that she doesn’t push and she accepts him exactly as he is, flaws and all. Hell, she’s seen them all already.
With a mixture of experimentation and a battle of who could produce the grosser foods, Steve felt like he was finally finding his way out of the darkness; stepping into a present that brought with it a sense of friendship and belonging he hadn’t anticipated.
Pepper’s immediate reply assures him that she understands. She’s worried, but she’ll respect it if he needs to be alone. Then she sends him a surprisingly graphic threat about unmanning a national icon if required and he remembers exactly why he loves her.
“If you kill me during training, I won’t be any use in the field, you know.”
Comments are much loved, let me know what you think!
He almost adds, ‘and when have you ever cared what I want’, but doesn’t.
The man kissed like a God and Tony would have happily bowed down and worshipped at his altar for the rest of his life.
In the month after, he waits, but no letter comes.
“Tony—”
It takes Steve a minute to realize they're the only ones left. The team has slowly dispersed, back to whatever needs their attention most after an apocalyptic invasion of Earth. Sleep, or a shower maybe. Steve isn’t certain which one he wants more.
“It’s a very pretty asshole.” Rhodey wrinkles his nose and Tony snorts a dry laugh, “I don’t care how he was looking at me. He doesn’t get it. He probably thinks I’m doing it for him. Whatever, it doesn’t matter now. I’ll serve him the papers before we go.”
Steve jerks back, “Sorry.”
“You said you wanted wagon wheels for dinner.” Nat offered evenly. Her face was carefully blank but there was an obvious smile in her voice. “I guess when we all think ‘Stark’ and ‘Italian’, wagon wheels are the first thing that comes to mind.”
“Okay. I know.” Bucky says gently. His footsteps retreat and a few moments later there’s a blanket draped around Steve’s shoulders. “It’s going to be alright. F.R.I.D.A.Y., get Jim on the line for me, will you?”
It was the right time to go. And he was suffocating at the Compound.
At night, Steve found himself waking from nightmares where he was drowning. Alone and bitter cold with his lungs turning to ice in an ocean of thick, heady cream. He had spent hours upon hours scrubbing at his skin, desperate for relief, but each morning he woke and it was exactly the same; Bucky’s scent on his tongue, soured with grief and longing, a snapshot of something that could have been. Once.
“You do that, you know. Call me Cap. When you’re trying to push me away. I think maybe it makes it easier for you, as if you can separate all the things you hate about me and shove them under the umbrella of Captain America. As if you don’t have to face me, Steve Rogers, when you’re hurting. When I’ve hurt you.”
have decided that that’s what’s best, then I don’t really have a choice in the matter, do I?”
As his flight touches down, Tony’s righting his suit and tie and striding down to meet Pepper with frayed nerves and a parched throat. She’s waiting for him, hovering at the edge of the airstrip in a pinstripe grey dress, strawberry hair curled lightly at the edges. The woman will never age, and she looks more beautiful every day.
He’d woken Steve slowly, hands roaming across miles of perfect skin, mouth tight around the head of Steve’s cock as he sucked him off with long, languid strokes. No need to rush.
Peter’s eyes are glassy and distant, struggling to focus on Tony’s face.
Tony smirks, a stiff mockery he forces forward. “Have I ever told you how much I like that guy? He’s growing on me.”
damn it. Even after everything, Tony finds himself seeking Steve’s approval and he hates that insecure, broken part of him that’s still seeking it out.
Tony gives him a sharp nod with a look that gives nothing away as he starts digging around in one of his pockets. There’s the familiar tinkling sound and Steve almost refuses when Tony starts prying one of his fists open to shove the little silver bell into his palm.
“Stay a while longer?”
“I said
Tony’s not long behind him, a few thrusts more into the clenching vice of Steve’s body and he’s chanting Steve’s name into his mouth, fucking as deep as he can so Steve knows exactly who he belongs to. Exactly where he belongs.
“You expected a lot from me too, Steve.”
Steve swallows hard, but doesn’t drop his eye, counting the seconds before Tony’s mouth is on his, kissing Steve even as he’s laughing.
“It’s something to be proud of.”
“Let me go,” Steve said, voice soft and comforting. Steve smiled, all white teeth and adoring eyes despite the rain striking across his skin. It must’ve been a thousand tiny shards of glass, but Steve didn’t wince, just kept his eyes locked with Tony’s and breathed.
Steve had dropped his head into his hands and let himself fall apart.
Not that all wizards aren’t stupid, but this one is particularly distasteful when he goes ahead and drops a Pacific-sized dumpster fire right into Tony’s lap and expects everything to somehow be fine and dandy.
“Peter’s almost as much of a genius as yours truly,” Tony supplies, when Bucky’s looking a little dazed and confused, his arm being accosted now by two deft hands.
Steve’s going to kiss him and Tony thinks he might let him. Every inch of his body explodes with anticipation and maybe this time it won’t hurt so much, because he’s seen glimpses tonight, of the Steve he’s been waiting for. He’s under there, somewhere, and Tony wonders if maybe he could draw it out in other ways.
Tony hesitated over the line before he exhaled heavily, annoyed. “Put him on the phone.”
When Steve speaks, it’s far away and crackling. “T-Tony?”
“Strategy, Cap?” Tony asks, teasing as he gives Steve a quick, bemused look.
Devastation and hope contradict themselves across Steve’s features when he lays eyes on Tony’s wedding band. It’s made a home inside the hollow of Tony’s left clavicle, delicate chain pooling at his throat and though Steve doesn’t look away he must know enough to keep his mouth shut.
