“I know I’m dangerous,” Dean says, his expression wary but his eyes soft, clearly trying to lighten the mood, “but I don’t think I’m much of a threat here.”
But now Cas was gone, probably for good. Cas had already died on him twice, but he’d kept coming back. He was a constant, along with Sam. Dean had known he could count on them to be there. Thankfully Sam was still alive and kicking, and for now he had a handle on how to control his Lucifer hallucinations.
and on maybe, just maybe, getting to enjoy those two together.
Later that night, Dean got a text from Cas with a link to a photo download. When he opened it, it was the picture he’d taken of Cas that afternoon. The photo had been processed so the colors were more crisp, Cas’ face more appropriately situated in the frame. Cas’ eyes were almost the same shade as they were in real life.
A few minutes later, Sam exited the house. He took out a matchbook and lit one, throwing it onto the trail of accelerant he had made that led into the house. As the fire spread, he made his way back to the car.
There is an awkwardness to this situation, of course. You don’t know this man. You are stuck in his room, and he can’t even see you. He cries and cries and cries on his bed. You settle on the side of the room until his sobs quiet down and he falls asleep.
, Dean thinks.
A beat. Dean feels Cas relax back onto his shoulder, and Dean lets out a sigh of relief.
Eileen moves in three weeks later, and she's a delight. She and Sam move with grace together like leaves on a tree. At another time, with another girl, Dean would have been wary, but this is Eileen. She knows the life, she has
He also knows that Dean never smoked in front of other people, always deeming it a private, personal act, in a way that Cas thinks Dean isn’t even aware of. Except, of course, after a one night stand, of which Dean has had plenty, where he would smoke to signify the end of the affair. Is this what Dean is doing now? Subconsciously telling Cas that this is over, this is never gonna happen again, that this is a one night stand and that’s it?
for him. But what about Jimmy? This is his body too, after all, and perhaps he has had this before Castiel. Cas doesn’t remember. He finds that humanity has busted up his recollection skills.
Dean may have been on the edge of panicking; he certainly was feeling a little bit ill. And it probably showed, too, because Cas reached out and placed his left hand on Dean’s shoulder, and earnestly whispered
But it was Dean who said
The next time he sees you, he talks to you. It happened in the kitchen, this time. He was under the sink, fixing up a pipe that must be leaking. You are standing around. You’ve been feeling better recently, less lethargic. You’re not as angry about your inability to sleep as you used to be, but the heaviness is still there, the tugging feeling. It may not be leaving anytime soon.
“Dean,” you say again, and this time he replies with the name he’s been calling you in your disembodied state, and you know it is the right name. You are Cas. You remember now. You remember everything.
Cas has no choice but to push through with his idea. “I keep on getting blood on the sheets. We have to sweep the floor all the time because I’m basically shedding. Maybe we should seperate rooms first until these,” he points at his legs “are gone.”
You look at the man in front of you, and you see that he is wide awake. He’s looking at you too, and by the looks of it, he can’t stop looking. You don’t know how long he’s been awake, how long he’s been playing this one sided staring contest, but it seems like it has been a while. He has a look on his eyes, like delayed grief. You know why he has that look on his face. You know who this man is. You remember him.
Dean’s heart sinks. Dude has a name, after all. "Well. Guess he didn’t.”
"Why did you let him leave?"
You two settle on a routine. He leaves a documentary on for you before going to work, and you let walruses, owls, and snakes occupy your time for at least an hour and a half. After the film is over you find yourself in the backyard garden, observing the ants, the birds, the squirrels, making your own documentary in your mind. Occasionally, insects would pass by, and you would feel immense joy. You love nature, and it seems to love you back.
It was a long drive back. Quiet. Sam calls everyone they know on the phone while Dean drives through the states. Sam calls Eileen first, then the girls in Sioux Falls, then Charlie, and Bobby, and all the other people in the hunter commune they have built throughout the years.
“Hey Cas” He has practiced this. He knows how to do this. He has geared himself to hear Cas' voice again all night. He can do this.
to the nights of pure desperation, when Dean would just pray
. He thinks
He doesn't turn around. He stands still. He grips his mug.
“Wanna quit hunting?”
And so Dean does.
He grabs his phone from the nightstand. The phone opens straight to the text. Dean takes a couple of breaths to calm his nerves. He counts to ten. Then he dials the number.
“I threw them all out,” Sam says the next morning. “It’s okay, it’s just one slip up. You’ll get through it.”
Cas takes a deep breath. Dean does not dare interrupt.
I will be updating this as soon as the chapters are finished :)
“Something about being ripped out of the empty the second time… it damaged my grace. I had to remove it, or else it would have killed me.” If Cas was mourning his lost grace, his voice was not giving it away. He sounds at peace, like his angel grace being ripped out of him didn’t land him homeless and miserable the last time.
“It’s fine, Cas.” Dean says. Silence, apart from the rushing of water in the sink, fills the air, and it’s far from comfortable, at least from Dean’s end.
“It’s Cas.” He says. Dean sinks.
Cas tries not to think about the way Dean's face contorted in horror at the thought of Cas being gone when he woke up. Cas tries not to think about how terrified Dean will look when he leaves him again.
Dean gives him a little wave, and Cas knows he is dismissed. He moves off into the store. For once, he doesn’t look back.
Cas looks conflicted. Dean takes Cas’ hand and places it on his cheek, giving it a long, lingering kiss before placing it down and holding it to his side. “It’s alright Cas. You can tell me. I’m not gonna get mad.” Dean says. He knows he means it.
Dean picks up a mug off the plate rack.
“Cas,” the man begins. “I’m sorry man, I thought after last night that we’d get you out. I really did. I’m sorry. Cas, I’m so sorry.”
“Woohoo,” he responded unenthusiastically.
Quickly removing it from its bag, he stared at it for a moment. It seemed small, as well. He dropped it back in and grabbed the next one. It was much larger. He’d always thought there was too big a jump between the second and third one, but he didn’t mind now. The fact that he didn’t was noted.
“Peachy. Why you ask?”
Emily’s mouth was hanging open. It took a moment, but she finally got her wits gathered enough to speak. “Oh. Castiel, I’m so sorry. I don’t think I’ve ever been so wrong about someone before.” Her shock quickly changed to anger. “Oh! That snake! He had to know you like him. He used that to get your help! That’s a shitty thing to do!”
Hearing that, Dean was lost. Moaning through his orgasm, he came in heavy spurts, coating one of Castiel’s hands and dripping onto his stomach. When he was finally spent, he didn’t even care about the mess, just collapsed on top of Cas, breathing hard. His head rested on Castiel’s shoulder as he waited for his racing heart to calm.
Dean:
“Dean,” Crowley looked up from the paper, “get out of my office. Come back in a week.”
If John thought the new seating arrangement was odd, he certainly didn’t show it as he carried on with his story about ‘69 Mercury Cyclone he’d had the opportunity to work on. “She was in mint condition. Teal paint shining like the day she rolled out of the factory. You would have loved her! I tried to talk the guy into selling, but he wasn’t having it.”
“I’m glad, but you need to stop moving.”
The scenarios he imagined though were all surprisingly bright. It was usually just him and his little brother Sam fishing or having a couple of beers. Nothing fancy. He wondered about what kind of job he might have. With his skill set and minimal schooling, he figured he’d be doing some kind of security. Sam, on the other hand, was a sponge. Everything he read, he retained. Dean thought he might grow up to become a teacher or some kind of scientist.
“Still gonna make sure.” Grabbing the lube out of his nightstand drawer, he slicked up a finger as Cas rolled over, presenting his ass to Dean. “Wow! You want this, huh?”
"Stand up."
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel’s smile fell. All he’d ever heard was how ugly he was. He shrunk back away from Dean. He didn’t want to lose his new friend so soon after finding him. “I’d rather you not.”
The question surprised Castiel and he looked up again. “Little less than two months.”
He refused to look up and instead went back to work, finding a few more fixes on the rest of the page. When he flipped to the next page, his eyes flicked up momentarily of their own accord. He did a double-take.
Cas had went all in at that point. He didn’t want to leave Dean wondering anymore. He’d decided to ask Dean to spend the night and he’d agreed. He’d felt damn near elated after that conversation, especially since he’d found out that Dean had told someone else they were together.
In his room, Dean sat down at the edge of his bed as Cas joined him. Despite him being an angel and not a cat, it still felt normal to have him there. It was the same presence he had felt all along. He was a little sad that he wasn't going to get to fall asleep to his purr every night now. Watching Cas move over to the cat tree, absent-mindedly pawing at the toy hanging from the top, made him smile. "You loved playing with that."
“What if they hate me?” he asked while Dean made lunch. “I mean, they probably already do, right? I made you into a horrible person.”
Castiel knew Dean was still speaking because his mouth was moving. He couldn’t hear anything though. His eyes were laser focused on the skin being revealed after each undone button. His body felt numb. It was as if every fiber of his being, every ounce of energy was being put into his sight so could truly appreciate what was happening, so it could be burned into his memory in vivid detail. With the shirt fully open, revealing the toned chest and abs underneath, he saw Dean pointing to a scar across his upper right chest and then down to another near his left hip.
Castiel marveled at how Dean’s eyes had become a lighter shade of green and glittered with unshed tears. Even in sorrow, he was beautiful. It upset him to know that his final moments were causing Dean such distress. He wanted so badly to wrap him up in his angelic wings and hold him, to take away the sadness.
Nowadays, Dean knew that the waiting was part of the game. You never get to see the doctor immediately. That first-time though, he had gotten quite irritated and was planning on giving the guy an earful as soon as he came in. He’d been staring at an anatomy poster on the wall when he heard the door open. He’d turned around to make a smart ass comment, but the words became stuck in his throat.
“See ya.” He got in his car and considered what to do with himself for the evening. Nothing specific was coming up, but he knew one thing for sure. He pulled out his phone.
“Like you do?” Cas asked with a little smile.
“Okay. Goodnight, Dean.”
Not wanting to miss a thing, Dean was up on his elbows. He put a hand in Castiel’s hair, not to direct him, but just to touch him. He loved how his hair was soft and thick, easy for grabbing. While what Cas was doing felt amazing, but he desperately wanted to be in Castiel’s mouth, to feel his tongue without the barrier of cloth between them. His voice was rough, but he was able to manage, “Take it out.”
Cas happiness was evident in his beautiful smile and the way his wings fluffed up. “Do you still want to kiss me?”
Sam turned around quickly. “Let’s get drinks first. The lemonade is amazing!”
Castiel considered, but then frowned and shook his head. “I don’t think I’m going to have time. I have a flight tonight to Chicago for a conference. I will be back in on Sunday. Can I call you then and we can find a time?”
Dean was reeling from what Sam just said. Things weren’t perfect, but they were better than they had been. It was a hell of a start. He wondered how much being with Jody had played a part in it. “Are you going to keep making jokes about me fucking students?”
“Honestly, she probably wouldn’t think anything about it, but because of what happened when she found out I liked guys...I just didn’t want to take the chance. I don’t want anything to mess up...this.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart. I got you.” Breaking the eye contact, Dean wrapped those perfectly shaped lips over the tip of Castiel’s erection and slid down, swallowing around him.
“I suppose. Still not liking it.”
Things like this just don’t happen to Castiel. He’d made his peace with coming to the woods and getting it on with some stranger, but the possibility that it could be with Dean - Dean, his hot neighbor, who nearly gave him an aneurysm the first time Castiel saw him mowing without a shirt on. He couldn’t help being skeptical. “
Dean couldn’t stop the snort. “Sure thing, Doc.” He’d had things much larger than a finger inside him and was hoping he would tonight, as well. This was foreplay as far as he was concerned.
“Yeah. I’ll be out there in just a second. This is interesting.”
Castiel grinned. “Yes, you are.” After tossing the condom into the bin by the desk, he bent over Dean and licked up one of the little trails of cum. “Mmm. You taste so good. I don’t think I will ever get enough.” Cas proceeded to clean up the rest of the mess while Dean happily stroked his clean hand through Castiel’s hair. After getting the last drop, he straightened back up. “Wanna get in the shower?” When Dean nodded,  Cas took his hand and pulled him up. “How do you feel? Does your back hurt? I doubt the desk was all that comfortable.”
Nodding, Dean said, “Yeah. I need to get fucked. What would it take to get you inside me?” There was no reason to be coy around here. People either wanted it or they didn’t.
“Five? Holy shit! Was he standing?”
This time Dean let his hand ‘pet' Cas's dick, stroking from the base to the tip over and over. If Cas was feeling cat-like tendencies, he had a feeling it might go over well. "Do you like being petted?" he asked.
When Dean walked into the deli kitchen the next day, it was no longer a surprise for Emily. Castiel had told her to expect him.
None of that mattered. Dean’s choice didn’t matter because Castiel had made his. Instead, he shook his head and smiled, though there was a sadness to it, “Nah. Just glad he’s alright.”
them he loved them a few years ago. But loving Dean? Specifically? And then dying for it? Wasn't that how it always went, the people who loved Dean ended up dead? Dean pushed that back; he couldn’t process it right now.
“Oh,” Dean said. And then, since it was early and he couldn’t seem to help himself, he added, “You ever think about being in front of the camera, rather than behind it?”
“I don’t usually have conversations with strangers this early in the morning in the park.”
Dean nods, shakes his head as he considers. He pulls out a faded t-shirt and sweatpants. He gives Cas an odd look when he crosses back to the threshold and hands the clothes over. “Anything underneath is your own problem.”
He wasn't sure how Al, a good friend and senior officer on the program that started this whole mess, had kept the thing running. Without definitive proof that Sam was doing something to help people with Project Quantum Leap, the funding for the project was going to be cut off. This had been threatened on more than one occasion, in fact it had been threatened a few times in just the first few years. But each time Al appeared, he assured Sam everything was going well.
“Feeling okay?” Dean asks some time later.
Dean made a face at him. “Then you can at least be the one who goes on the supply run today.”
"He's in the waiting room at Project Quantum Leap," Beckett said. "He's safe," he added quickly, seeing the looks Sam and Cas gave him. "He stays there only as long as I'm in his life. When I finish what I need to do, I'll leave and he'll be back."
In time Cas came across Bobby Singer. To this point, Cas had kept himself hidden from the souls he’d come across, but something in him ached to say hello. Sentimentality, perhaps.
"What do you need me to do?" Beckett asked.
“You aren’t hurt are you?” Dean asks. When he’s close enough, Cas can see a scrape on his forehead, a split lip, and a hitch in his stride. “I think I took enough of a beating for both of us.”
for sure, that it was true.
Jack nodded. “Heaven.”
"That's it," Beckett replied, turning to face Al. "I think it's time I went home."
“Yeah, I just,” Sam looked over his shoulder. He wasn’t used to being the one delivering the news that someone was back from the dead.
“Shit, you don’t think I’d go to this much trouble if I only needed a band-aid, do you?”
"Yeah," Dean said, looking up at him. He seemed distracted. "You go on ahead, I thought I saw something."
“Cas, don’t make me carry you.”
How long had he wanted this? How many times had he watched Cas work, watched him comfort the people they helped, watched him just enjoying himself in his down time, and thought of how much he wanted this? “I really want you to kiss me.”
For a second, Sam couldn’t say anything. “Oh.”
"Yeah Cas, I know," Sam said. "Dean and I already had a theory going in."
What an odd place to be right now.
Dean hummed. “You said you do freelance.”
Meanwhile, back at Project Quantum Leap, Dean was pacing the waiting room. He couldn't stop moving. Something bad was going to happen. That Al guy had said so. Except this Doctor guy was supposed to stop it. But if he was supposed to stop bad things that had happened before, how was he supposed to stop it? If Dean hadn't been able to stop it, how was some guy without any experience doing this supposed to stop it?
"Wha-No. Must have been a trick of the light," Beckett said as Al said his good luck before stepping through his door and back to his own time.
Their guests seemed to tell the conversation was at an end, and they excused themselves.
"You're in a small town in Oklahoma. There have been a few weird deaths in the last few months," Al said, reading off of Ziggy's screen.
The screams were the worst, and it took Dean a moment to realize that one had torn itself out of his own throat. He hadn’t seen the demon approach him, hadn’t even felt the blow at first, but now he would feel something wickedly sharp embedded in his body.
“It’s a long story,” Sam cuts in before Dean can even start the short version.
“You can get down off that rack,” Alastair continued, as if Dean hadn’t spoken, “and all you need to do is take over for one of my demons.”
him. The tears in his eyes, his brows pinched up, his mouth partially open as if there was something he wanted to say but couldn’t force past his lips. The portal to the Empty opening on the wall.
“I’ll see you there.”
Cas smiles, because he can’t help himself. And at the way Dean lights up in return, his smile only grows. And he laughs. And he isn’t sure if it’s because he’s happy or if it’s because he’s terrified, but he laughs until Dean’s laughing too and they’re out of breath and all Cas can do is giggle into the quiet room.
Cas offered him a small smile. “It seems we both should have,” he said. He reached over and took one of Dean’s hands, squeezing it affectionately.
On a whim, Dean took Miracle back to the park later that day for her evening walk. Since Cas hadn’t been around the afternoon before, Dean wasn’t really convinced he’d be there today, but he figured he’d never see the guy again if he just never went back to the park.
Sam rounded the table and wrapped Dean in a bear hug. “I understand,” he said.
Cas leaned into Dean’s touch, his expression strained. He looked like he was struggling to stay present, and Dean was afraid the empty was about to take him away again. Cas tried to say something else, but no sound came. It looked like he had tried to say
“I…” Cas didn’t seem to have any words. He reached out tentatively and touched Dean’s shoulder, where the hand print was covered by Dean’s clothes.
Sam Beckett had no idea what year it was, and when he looked down at himself, he never thought he looked any older. Al looked older, but Al didn't usually say what year it was, just popped in to offer his assistance and let Sam know what Ziggy thought of the situation.
Once they’d gone over the program, Cas opened a different window, where several of the processed photos from the last week were saved. As they clicked through the pictures, Dean was struck by just
Cas blinks at the sudden light. He watches Dean in the doorway, but he doesn’t move from his position.
“Hello there,” the man said before Dean could apologize. The voice was soft and fond, not like someone annoyed to have been bothered on their quiet morning. “And how are you this morning, my friend?”
Dean took a deep breath and stepped back into the waiting room. There was a flash of bright white light and suddenly he was back in Oklahoma, leaning against the Impala and watching the farmhouse burn. He looked down at himself and ran his hands over his shirt to make sure it was really his body. His forearm was bandaged, so he figured the injury Beckett had sustained was transferred to him, but considering the circumstances, he didn't mind.
“Is this what you want?” Cas asks again with another push, fiercer, if that was even possible. Dean continues to wince. He is reminded of a time before, of the same angel with the same righteous anger, of a back alley fight that ended with Dean collapsed against metal railings.
“No, no. It’s okay.” It’s not. “I dialed the wrong number.” He didn’t.
“Was it you? The one I’ve been talking to?” Dean asks.
(Actually, given the circumstances with Naomi and growing older, he can.)
the life. Hell, she’s even been dead and brought back like a proper Winchester. Sam and Eileen are good for each other. They’re happy, and Dean is happy for them.
He tries. Again.
Your mind, anyhow, is as phantom as these limbs. You know you don’t exist, not really. Things that exist, do. The couch exists, the kitchen counter exists, the television set exists, the mirror that you stand in front of only to see nothing reflected back exists. And you don’t, which makes you wonder about what he even saw.
“Well, too bad I’m the one doing the asking.” Dean insists, and he feels a slight rise of defensiveness in his chest.
The Impala's rumbling is low under Dean.
They don’t speak about it.
Dean storms out of his room. He was staring at the digital clock in his room. 03:18, it said, and suddenly he couldn’t help it anymore. Cas decided to stay over the night to rest before his trip back to- Fuck. Dean doesn’t even know where he lives now.
hi im back! thank you to everyone who has commented and subscribed to this fic. sorry it took so long to update. special thanks to ao3 commenter username Ryz, whose comment reminded me to keep on writing.
Maybe it just so happened that purgatory brings out something in Dean that doesn’t exist in other planes of existence. Maybe now that Cas is human, he has become useless, and therefore unlovable. Maybe Dean never really loved him, and Cas was just seeing things that weren’t there. He wants to say something, wants Dean to turn around and face him, wants Dean to explain all of this, at once. He wants to ask Dean things he’s too terrified to hear the answers to.
A gentle hand passes over his left ribs, the side that got bruised up in the ghost hunt they did back in Omaha, just him and Cas. Sam stayed back at the bunker to play chief for all the hunters currently passing by. The bunker has become a stopover and lore/ammo center of sorts, with Sam and Eileen acting as heads for the whole operation. It was efficient, which is why Dean and Cas didn’t need to leave and deal with a hunt until now.
“Why did you leave, Cas?” Dean asks. Back in his room he considered how this question should go. Perhaps casual. Maybe a bit light-hearted. Definitely calm. What he didn’t anticipate was the pure desperation in his voice, giving away his true intentions. “Why did you leave?”
-------
“Couple months back,” Sam says with a look of guilt. Dean feels relief and anger all at once.
And now he’s fucking around at the kitchen at two a.m. on a Thursday, looking for the bag of ground coffee that they keep around here somewhere so he can make enough coffee to stay awake for the next few b-list horror movies he’s binging.
He walks back to the Gas-and-Sip, clutching Dean’s cigarettes with his functional hand.
Cas is speaking carefully. Maybe he's afraid Dean will bolt on him. Maybe Dean might have, if only he wasn't completely frozen in place.
"I don't know Dean. Why didn't you ask him to stay?"
“Cas. Cas, wait.” Dean pulls back. He feels a tingling on his mouth, reminiscent of scars he has gotten the multiple times he has gotten his lip busted, but he chooses to ignore it. He knows he’s in trouble. He can see it in the way Cas is looking at him, and he’s terrified “Cas…”
Away from Cas.
“Sam, can you look up Jimmy’s medical record for me?” He asks.
They stand around for a while, Dean is hyperaware of Cas' breathing.
“I know me and- me and Sam, we’ve been through a lot. We’ve lived our whole lives together. And yeah, there’s been pros to that, but the cons, man... "
Late into the night he would yawn and declare into the room, “I’m going to bed. You can come with me.”
“Please,” he repeats, softly, this time, and you find that you cannot deny him. You creep towards him, towards the center of the room, and you touch him. You touch his face, his arms, his chest, his hair, his back, all of him. You surround him with your entire being, until you feel him calm down. You feel a pulsing where your being meets his hand, and you find that he has accidentally cut himself with the shards from the bowl. Something akin to an instinct tells you to focus your energy on this cut, so you do. Slowly, you see it stitch up together, blood and flesh disappearing completely, making way for unblemished skin. You surprise yourself. And apparently this is proof enough for the man.
“Dean-” Cas murmurs. He wants to be angry, wants to want to push Dean away. But he isn’t, and he doesn’t. Instead, Cas lurches forward and kisses Dean back. Dean tastes like toothpaste, a minty flavour that Cas still hasn’t gotten used to in the weeks that he’s been human, but it’s pleasant in Dean’s mouth. Cas has imagined this, kissing Dean, during the nights in the Gas-and-Sip storage room when he can’t sleep, but his imagination is no match for the actual thing. Dean is surprisingly gentle with Cas, sweet and slow. There is an earnestness to the way Dean is currently sucking on his lower lip, and it makes Cas’ chest clench.
“I don't know, man, a few hours? I checked your breathing, so I knew you were alive. Just watched you sleep. Guess I’m the creep now, huh?” Dean lets out a breathy laugh. He looks joyful, for once. “God, Cas. It’s really you.” He says against the palm of your hand.
“I keep on seeing him” is what the man says on the line. “He keeps showing up and I- the first time I saw him I thought it was a trick of the eye,  but I keep on seeing him.”
Except three weeks later, he does end up filling out the front page with a sprawling drawing of Baby. Dean can be a competent artist when he tries, and he tries with these sketches. The next page was a drawing of Sam from a picture Dean found of them lounging around, 15 years younger than today. The next page was Mom, long haired and smiling. Then lakes, and mountains, and landscapes, and the bunker living room.
Dean looks up. Sam’s voice is gentle, apologetic. He hasn’t used that voice since-
It’s been two weeks since they defeated Chuck. Dean should be celebrating; everyone is alive and they have no imminent problems. On day three, Sam went out to visit people around the country. He invited Dean to come along, and Dean would have said yes if he wasn’t positive that coming along means Cas would tag along, too.
And just like that, Dean springs up the bed. He's alert now.
“I have psoriasis. I want to know if it’s mine or his.”
The preparation for Cas’ visit was a big deal, and everyone in the bunker knows it. Fortunately, by everyone in the bunker, one would mean only Sam, Eileen, and Dean. It’s one of those rare days where the bunker is empty of hunters passing by. Dean suspects this is Sam’s doing. Dean is grateful; he refuses to face it head on, but he is pretty anti-social.
Dean pauses, choosing his words carefully, centering himself enough to say his next thoughts out loud.
“I also can’t heal your lip, if that’s what you’re wondering. I could try, but I don’t think it will do much. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have bitten you. I didn’t mean to get furious like that.” Cas takes a step back, sighs. “I think it may be because of my depleted grace, why I feel emotions so strongly now, but that’s no excuse. I promise it won’t happen agai-“
You focus back on what you are seeing right now. The previously beautiful bowl is shattered into pieces on the ground. The man picked it up and smashed it, and now he’s on the ground.
Dean does none of these things. He walks down the corridor into his room. He doesn’t look back.
Cas climbs down the stairs slowly, eyeing the place. He meets Dean’s eye the moment he reaches the last step. Dean contemplates approaching him, hugging him, doing… something to ease the tension. He looks away instead.
“I want you here,” Dean says quietly. “Don’t move out. Please.”
“I don’t have a soul, Dean.”
Dean smiles and drives on through the night.
, you want to shout, and you try to. The lights flicker.
"But now, I'm here." A beat "And you won't even look at me."
Cas stops thinking. He has made up his mind.
Still, the hurt pierces you and you find yourself howling. The lights burst. The windows shatter. The man is crouching on the ground while covering his ears. You’re scaring him, you realize.
It was ten more minutes of driving before Cas stirred awake. Dean noticed immediately, paying close attention to Cas’ breathing.
“Cas, you awake?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
This particular ghost was ferocious, at around 200 years old, it was one of the stronger ones they have encountered. Apparently time spent as a ghost has an effect on the strength of one. A lifetime of hunting, and still so many new lore to learn.
, is not as traumatic as the first time. He has a home now, for one. He has Sam and Dean, good food, toiletries that aren’t the cheapest he can find in the dollar tree, and excellent water pressure.
“If you’re here,” he shouts. “If you’re here, do something! Fucking show me because I can’t do this anymore! Haunt me! I don’t care! Just be here. Please.” He’s begging. He’s begging you to haunt him. You don’t know what that means.
“Cas?” He asks. “Sit here?” He says as he pats the left side of his bed. So you do, even though you have a growing suspicion in your being. He’s not telling you something.
“You’re angry because of the hunt?” Dean finally asks. Of course he is, Dean thinks, this is a given, but better to start somewhere.
“If you want I can tell him to call you back later.” The man at the other end says, his calm voice grating in Dean’s ear. Dean feels like he’s going to puke.
Dean is frozen in his spot. “Yeah?” he says.
The moment Dean steps into the bunker and sees Cas standing beside the map table is the moment he loses his tongue.
“Well, I don’t think he’s coming back either way.” Dean snorts. He lets the hurt sit low on his throat.
You feel anger, suddenly, the piercing pain of betrayal. You thought he loved you but he’s actually just trying to get rid of you! Maybe he’s on to you somehow, has realized that you’re not Cas, you’re not his beloved, and now he will kill you.
Cas loosens his grip on Dean's arm. He wishes he could explain himself.
After that, the man starts calling you Cas. He stops talking to you in your head and starts talking to
Dean feels Cas stiffen on his shoulder and immediately knows that he said something wrong. Fuck, what is it? Did Cas not want to move out with him? Maybe Cas just really likes the bunker. Or maybe Cas just doesn’t want a life with him after all. Maybe he’s thinking of becoming an angel again and he doesn’t want to be involved with Dean anymore. Maybe-
Dean had wanted to argue, tell Cas that no, it’s not okay, that Jack can probably give him back his grace if he wants, that they don't have to do it like this. But one look at Cas’ peaceful expression and he knows damn well that it is, in fact, okay. He dropped his gaze down to the stitches and went back to work.
But Cas doesn’t cry. Instead, he waits for the stick to run out and flicks the cigarette butt on the ground and steps on it, He stands up and dusts off the back of his pants. He’s back to being Steve now. Steve, who is a sales associate. Steve, whose pain isn’t screaming out into the void for every Rit Zien to hear. Steve, who didn’t kiss Dean last night only to watch him leave again in the morning.
“I’m not giving you his number until you get your shit together.”
“Really?” Dean can’t help but laugh along. “Really? This? This is what you’re holding against me?”
Huh. Well, count it on Cas to ask the hard-hitting questions. Dean ponders for a bit. He’s aware that Cas is aware of his fucked up relationship with his brother, so there’s no just half-assing his way out of the question. He’s given this a lot of thought too, when he first considered moving out. He has had a lot of time to think.
"There, you're all bandaged up. You sprained it real bad, man, but at least it’s not broken.” Dean says with finality as he finishes up looking at Cas’ hand. Dean noticed the way Cas gingerly held it close to his torso and offered to take a look at it. They’re both fresh from the shower. Dean offered Cas a change of clothes, and now they’re both in t-shirts and sweats, and Cas’ hair is still wet and sticking to his head.
Dean hums to himself in purgatory
He knows the conversation is inevitable, and it’s not like he doesn’t want to have it. It’s just a matter of being ready, and Dean very much isn’t. So he has settled on locking himself up in his room and watching Netflix all day, going for food runs and showers during ungodly hours to make sure he won’t accidentally bump into Cas. Sam knocked on his door when he returned to the bunker a few days ago, and that’s pretty much all the social interaction Dean has gotten.
Instead, he stood there, at the entrance, too stunned to move.
“We should move out.”
Dean wants to say something. He wants to comfort Cas. He wants to ask him what he meant when he said he loved Dean. He wants to have their knees knock against each other’s as Dean leans forward and kisses him.
“You take the bed, I’ll sleep on the couch,” Dean says. He doesn’t even make an attempt to turn around. Cas swallows and blurts out an
He sits down and pulls out a cigarette. He’s lucky; the moon is out and shining brightly at everything. He flicks the lighter a few times until there is a stable flame. He lights up the cigarette.
Cas’ face hardens. “You can’t even say it.”
Dean finds Eileen in the bunker library, scribbling down on a thick leather-bound notebook amidst all the research layed out in front of her. It’s a beautiful notebook, similar to that of John’s, but less worn. Eileen looks up at him and smiles.
Dean hangs up.
Cas' voice is quieter now, almost like he's just speaking to himself.
“It’s a journal.” She signs, slow enough for Dean to follow. Dean has been practicing, but whenever Eileen and Sam speak to each other in his presence, he still finds himself mostly unable to keep up with their speed.
The certainty gave Dean a feeling of comfort. They have time now, after all. Cas is here, Dean is here, and there is no apocalypse to gear for, no big bad to try and fight. It's just them, and they have all the time in the world.
“I am not holding anything against you.” Cas rebutts. “You weren’t talking to me. You weren’t even looking at me. I lost Jack, I lost my grace, and apparently I was going to lose you too. So I left, before you inevitably ask me to.”
Castiel thinks back to every prayer Dean has said in purgatory, from the initial anger of
“I know. I was there too.”
. Cas thinks about it. He thinks and thinks and thinks. Dean still holds him in his sleep. Dean still hums when they have a moment of relative peace from monsters during their treks. Dean slices his way through purgatory, to the portal, to their way out. Dean doesn't know that Cas isn't coming.
Which is why right now, Dean is taken by surprise at how much he doesn’t know what to do or say.
talking about coffee of all things, in the bunker kitchen after-
“It must be Jack,” Cas concludes. “He brought me back last time, he must have brought me back again.”
Cas feels like crying, but he holds it in. “It doesn’t bother you?” he asks.
A ring.
“He’s got someone now. He’s with someone now. Did you know?” Dean slurs as Sam tosses him to the bed.
He does it almost immediately after he and Cas reunites, chirpy from having his angel back. Cas notices, recognizes that Dean is humming a song he has heard once, maybe in the impala, although he's not sure. Dean is still wary and alert, of course, what with all the monsters they suddenly attract now that monster beacon Castiel is on their side, but there is a buoyancy in his steps too.
Except, Dean does kiss him. A chaste, close-mouthed kiss, their noses bumping against each other. When Dean pulls away, he stays close, hand cupping the side of Cas’ face.
“I was there for twelve years.” Cas says, and Dean knows he has lost the plot of this fight. He doesn’t even know what they’re arguing about anymore. He just knows he’s hurting, so damn much.
Castiel never finishes the pack.
, he thinks.
He was two and a half months sober when Sam texted him a string of digits that made him immediately start shaking. It’s weird. He’s been experiencing shaky hands and more anxiety than usual ever since he withdrew from the alcohol, but this shaking is different. It comes from his bones, a chill that makes his teeth chatter.
“Dean I can’t ask that of you.” Cas says with a slight tilt of his head.
You raise your hands to your face to look at it. It’s there. You look down at yourself, and you see that you are wearing a trenchcoat. Familiar, though baggy. You truly are here. You hold your face in your hands. You are here.
Filling up the first page is more of a challenge than he thought it would be. He has no idea what to write. Writing about his day seems so stupid, a giant waste of beautiful paper. The more he thinks about it, the more the idea escapes him. He gives up, closes the notebook, sets it aside on his desk.
The only thing left to do now is to get Cas out of the fucking empty.
You and the man will leave this room in two weeks. Or at least it was two weeks, based on how many times you have counted the man has slept for the day. You move into a beautiful, slightly dilapidated bungalow.
“Is this what you want, Dean?” Cas sounds furious, even in the low whisper he is speaking in. Dean’s breath breaks; the slam against the wall is particularly harsh on his bruised ribs.
“Yeah I'd like that.” He keeps on washing the dishes. He still can’t look at Cas.
Dean isn't proud, per se, of how he acted that day. Or the day after that. Or the two weeks after that. He was terrified, after all, of many things: terrified that Cas didn't mean his deathbed confession that way, or that he changed his mind, or that whatever this is now,
You never haunt him again.
"I haven't gone out to get a refill yet. I hope you don't mind."
“I forgot to mention to Sam,” Cas starts “But I’m human now.”
A click.
Sam mutters his agreement. He excuses himself, walks out to one of the corridors. There’s a buoyancy to Sam’s steps that Dean hasn’t seen in years. Cas watches as he leaves.
Dean knew he was being a coward, had gathered that he has been hurting Cas by leaving him hanging like this, but he didn't know how to stop. Or more accurately, how to start. So it only makes sense that it was Cas who finally knocked on his door, that it was Cas who asked to be let in, who sat gingerly on the edge of Dean’s bed, who said
“Why don’t you-” Dean clears his throat “Why don’t you scoot over and lay on my shoulder then?” Dean feels shy, but not embarrassed. He has figured out recently, with the help of his relationship with Cas, that there’s a difference.
“Dean.” You say, you remember, you
Except nothing comes next. Cas and Dean are just staring at each other. Dean is reminded of a time before, when they did this often, except now there’s a chasm between them, and Dean doesn’t know if they can cross it.
Cas does what Dean says. He holds on. Dean's grip is tight, firm on his arm. Cas hesitates for a second. Dean looks terrified. He wonders if maybe,
So he shoots.
He's on his third notebook refill before he starts talking about Cas.
Cas smoked for the first time the day Dean dropped him off at the Gas-and-Sip.
Cas looks surprised at this. He probably wasn’t expecting Dean to want to talk about this. Not like Dean could blame him. Maybe that’s why all of this has been so easy, after all. Not because it truly is easy, but because they refuse to have the difficult conversations.
Dean has stopped being preoccupied. And so he drinks. He locks himself up in his room and drinks.
Cas looks down at their intertwined hands and strokes Dean’s hand with his, once, twice. “You know I want it, Dean.” He looks up, and Dean beams.
Dean finally stops looking through his bag and picks out a pack of cigarettes. He takes one stick out and places it in his mouth. He lights it up and suddenly, the room smells of smoke.
And now they're here, in the car, and Cas is snoring softly in the passenger seat. There is no apocalypse to gear for, no world-ending event to try and solve, and Dean is content. Happy, even.
Dean feels happy, he must admit. It’s over now. What’s to be had has been had. They’re not puppets anymore. There is a relief to that, fuck was there relief
, and yeah, a part of Dean’s brain is still screaming
Dean gives a slight chuckle. “It’s a hunt. Of course I’ll get hurt. And you do know I don’t keep you around to heal me, right?” Cas still isn’t looking at him, so he gives his hand a slight tug. “Right?” Dean asks again. This time, Cas sneaks up a glance at him, but looks down right away.
The real odd stuff occurred, though, after he woke up, and started talking inside your head. You couldn’t believe it at first, moving in front of the man to check whether he is just speaking loudly, but one look at him shows that his lips aren’t moving. He looks like he’s deep in thought, except his thoughts are being broadcasted directly into your being.
, Dean remembers. There was a time when that thought would have terrified him, made his heart leap out of his chest, and not in the good way that Cas usually causes. But that time is not now, because now Cas actually chose this, chose
The match drops into the bowl. You watch as
A ring.
You look at him. It’s odd. You can sense something from the man. It feels a lot like what you’re feeling, too.
He's terrified Cas would leave again.
The door swings open, and suddenly Cas is in front of him, and Dean realizes that for the first time since Cas stepped into the bunker since that eventful day months ago when Cas came back from the empty, they are looking at each other. Dean’s breathing stops in its tracks. Cas is here, he thinks, Cas is here. Cas is here. The relief of it all crashes into him, and he forgets what he is going to say, exchanging thought for instinct as he throws himself towards Cas in the hug of his lifetime.
“It’s good to have you here, man.” Sam sounds so happy. Dean and Cas have been through so much that he often forgets that Sam and Cas are friends too. He feels another pang of guilt at the thought of him being the reason why his brother lost his best friend.
Sam knocks on his door and enters with purpose, a seeming trend nowadays. Beer bottles are strewn all over the floor, with the occasional bottle of Jack Daniel’s here and there. Dean is a mess, and he knows it.
The doctor asks if he has ever experienced this before, and he tries to think about it. He was only human for a short time the first time, and never had a cold. So that’s a
It’s been how long? Almost a year? And he is only now holding Cas. He is only now, finally, acknowledging the frightful relief of having his angel back, no matter how human, no matter how confusing and devastating their goodbye was. Dean feels like he might cry of happiness right now. Cas is alive, and he’s well, and he’s standing in front of Dean. Despite the circumstances, Dean can’t help but be happy.
He didn’t mind, at first. They were small and insignificant, after all. Except after a few weeks, they weren’t as small and insignificant anymore. The dots showed up on his left leg too, and they are growing in diameter and scope. Up his thighs, on his buttocks. They were
Cas watches as the portal closes. He stares at the void it left.
“Yes,” you say breathlessly. “How am I here, Dean?”
Sam looks up. He looks at Dean with disappointment. The reality of the situation sinks into Dean.
over and over and over again. Cas often wondered during those nights if Dean was even aware of his prayers, or if it was just his longing that Cas heard.
“What the hell am I doing?” He cries. He’s crouching down on the floor. You think back to ten minutes ago, when he entered the house and placed a beautiful ceramic bowl on the kitchen counter. It was adorable, with bees painted on the inside and outside. He proclaimed to have brought it for you, because you presumably like bees. Which you do, you have discovered, after the man left a bee documentary running for you while he ran out for an errand one weekend. You have been finding that you have a lot in common with this Cas, after all.
“Me, too.”
“Somewhere, but I’m not leaving. When Cas graduates, then I will consider it.” Remembering what he’d thought about, he added, “Well, I may move to a smaller place. A studio would be cheaper so I could have more money to save.”
At the bowling alley, Dean was not playing well. “Damn it!” he growled as he missed the four pins that had been left standing from his first ball.
Once he felt he was under control again, he turned the water off and grabbed a towel to wipe himself down. Back in his room, he threw on some pajamas and fell into bed to try to think.
“I need you to remember...you are my everything. You are priceless to me, but your worth is not dependant on me. I feel that way because of how damn amazing you are. Without you, none of the rest of it matters. That was made terrifyingly clear last week when I didn’t know if I was ever going to see you again. You’ve already given me more than I could ever hope for. Okay? I just want to be with you. That’s all I need.”
Dean was shocked, but elated. He couldn’t believe it. “Really?”
“Mmm...you know I’d love to. Just tired tonight and ready for a shower. Raincheck?”
Castiel laughed, but understood. He stood from the bed and approached Dean. “I know, but you’re pretty damn tempting, too, Dean. I was nervous about this, but being with you is the easiest thing.” He grabbed a belt loop on either side of Dean’s waist and started walking backwards to the bed, pulling him along. “I’m not saying we shouldn’t take our time, but when you look so good it’s hard not to want to suck your cock.” The back of his knees hit the bed and he sat down, putting his face directly in front of Dean’s crotch. Looking up with those blue eyes begging, he asked, “May I?”
Dean was an English Literature professor, so the job sounded like a blessing. At the very least, it would hold him over. “What the hell, Sam? Why wouldn’t you want me to know about that?”
about things.”
Moving his eyes to the green felt of the pool table, Dean shrugged. “A guy can always use a few more friends.”
Dean:
“Thanks, Dad.” Not looking a gift horse in the mouth, Dean nodded his appreciation to his mom and grabbed the keys by the door. He couldn’t wait to get on the road. Behind the wheel of the Impala was his favorite place to be.
A shiver ran through him. “Don’t talk like that. I’m in public,” Dean joked.
The sight of the blood scared the boys and they all took off running before a teacher made it over to see what all the commotion was about.
By the time the end of the day bell rang, he’d already made it through all the papers from the first and last classes and was halfway through the papers from his second class. He decided to grade the rest of them at home, but words on the next page caught his eyes because they were completely different from anything he had yet read. He stopped to look it over.
Despite his big admission, Cas was still stuck on one fact and he was furious over it. “He fucking knew! He knew I was with you and didn’t even give a thought to how I would feel about that. He knowingly made out with the guy I was seeing.” He rose from the couch, beginning to pace. “Fucking asshole! I’m even happier that I turned that fuckwad in. He deserved it.” He paused for a moment and then looked down at Dean. “Wait. He was going to tell if you didn’t have sex with him? And you told him no? Weren’t you worried about your job, about what people would think, about getting arrested?”
“I want you to talk to me.”
The man on the ground half-turned, a smug grin on his face, to see who was watching. The grin melted and he jumped to his feet when he recognized his next-door neighbor. “Castiel…”
Dean was loving the intensity of Castiel’s movements. Getting filled over and over had him nearly blissed out with the pressure. Even without his prostate getting hit on every stroke, Dean believed that he could very well come just like he was. As sweat began to bead on his body, he started slipping on the desk due to the force of Castiel’s forward momentum.
Sam left his desk to come check out all the new material. Dean was acting surprisingly animated over the items. It was the most normal he had seen him since things blew up. He hoped it meant that Dean was finally able to stop fretting over Castiel all the time. “These are awesome!”
Dean was in no mood to mess around tonight. He’d been so close to getting what he wanted with the guy he picked up at the club. Had the man not been a butterfly-hating psycho, Dean figured he’d be halfway to an orgasm already. He desperately wanted to feel something inside him and now.
“The delivery guy? He’s harmless.” She stood against the opposite counter, next to the register and regarded Castiel consideringly. He didn’t seem to be doing any better after what happened with Dean. She worried that he could end up getting depressed again.
“This,” he said gesturing back and forth between them with his other hand, “is the trouble I mentioned.” He removed his hand from Dean’s mouth to kiss him quickly one more time before stepping away, seemingly needing the distance between them. He walked towards the window and looked at the crowd down below. “You know your parents would likely kill me for touching you, right?”
Later that evening, as he watched some television with his family, Cas messaged him again.
“Then it doesn’t matter if that person is a guy or a girl. You just enjoy that person. Don’t worry about anything else, especially on the first day. Okay?”
Dean couldn’t stop the laughter from coming out as he fell back onto his pillow. When he saw Cas’s humorless expression, he got himself back under control, but still smiled as he propped himself back up on his elbow. “I will
“Your brother just talked to me about the good qualities of Lisa and how you and she deserve to be happy.”
Sam looked back to the little black kitten sitting on the counter. "Cas?" At the meowed little response, Sam scooped him up. "Oh my god! It's you."
“I thought we could watch the new Marvel movie if that’s okay,” Cas said as he watched Dean pulling the t-shirt over his head.
Eileen was the one who answered. She faced him so she could be specific without Lisa knowing.  “Well, we,” her eye movement indicated that by ‘we’ she meant Lisa, “thought it would be nice to come have lunch with you all. It’s about that time. Wanna walk down to that little bar you mentioned? Ocean’s?”
He reached down and rubbed his palm across the crotch of his boxer shorts while his eyes stayed on the picture in front of him. The stimulation from his palm was enough to start getting him hard. He pressed harder and tried to concentrate on imagining the dark-haired doctor touching him. As soon as his eyes slipped shut though, all he could see was green eyes, freckles, and cock-sucking lips.
Castiel was staring at the photo. “That’s what I look like now?”
“So...this is my bed.”
“Fuck it. Yeah, baby!” He knew Cas shouldn’t leave a mark on him, but it felt fucking amazing and he really, really wanted it. He gripped Cas’s hips, pushing them down while he pressed up against him. Castiel’s mouth being attached to him was really turning him on.
Dean felt his heart rate calm. He should have known better. He wondered if Castiel would always be the one to handle their relationship better, escape to Argentina excluded. “Choke on you? I’m pretty sure I was to able handle you fucking my throat just fine, gorgeous.”
“There’s been a break-in attempt or something at the office. Police are there and I’m on my way, but still thirty minutes out. Are you any closer?”
Roy shook his head. "Nah, I don't think that was an answer. What is it about someone calling you Cas that you don't like?"
“Oh? Noticed did you?”
“Fuck! Professor!” Michael whined.
Cas’s smile was bordering on smug. “Good. Can we go to bed now? I’m getting kinda tired.”
The thought made him wonder how he would feel if Castiel did start seeing someone else.
“No, actually. He was at the bottom of the stairs to the subway. He seemed lost so I brought him outside. He doesn’t seem to want to leave. I figure he’ll probably fly off after I get on my bike to head to class.”
“I hope you aren’t expecting me to say no because I plan to be at your mercy tonight.”
The tent in his boxers was completely gone and he didn’t feel like trying to get it back. He was just too tired. How Cas would react was still something he wanted to know though. Being very careful this time, he sent the text again, sure that it was to Cas alone and no one else.
Castiel laughed into the phone. “I won’t let that happen. Your balls will be in good hands and most likely empty by the time I’m done with you.”
Emily wiped her eyes, knowing she was going to have to fix her mascara when she had a moment. “I’m so sorry,” she giggled. “Gonna have the usual today?”
“I’m so close.” Unable to wait any longer, Castiel reached down and took his cock in hand beginning to stroke, but Dean pulled his hand away and took over, gripping tight and jerking him at a pace to match his thrusts. Having Dean in his ass and stroking him at the same time was far better than his fantasy. There was no way to describe the sheer power of Dean against him, taking care of him in the most fulfilling way. He could almost smile if it wouldn’t have taken more muscle control than he felt he had. All of his blood seemed to have drained to his dick, building a pressure that was fast approaching release.
Castiel remembered her well. She had been in his lap at the bowling alley. “Chelsea.”
He grinned over her roundabout words. “Should I take this as you’re not going to need a ride home?”
Gabriel looked down at the ground with a sad frown. “Yeah, well, I’m kind of a lot to take.” He pushed the sadness aside, bringing back his jovial self. “But I’m here to help you acclimate.” He approached Castiel and reached around him, taking the wallet from his back pocket. “This is your wallet. Dad is kind enough to set us up with enough to make it for a while. Then we have to become useful members of society.”
“Can’t I just treat you good sometimes?” she asked with a grin.
Dean simply bit his tongue and smiled. She was pretty, but he wasn’t gonna trade fucking students for colleagues. He’d behave. Plus, he’d given Sam his word.
He walked over to him so he didn’t have to talk over people. “Yep. Thank you for inviting me and Emily. This has been really great. I don’t get a lot of time to just relax with such a big group of fun people. It’s been a blast.” He held out his hand and Sam shook it.
That evening, they had sat down to watch
“What makes you think I’m not trying? I rather like the thought of you hard and wanting me,” he teased.
Sam grabbed a napkin and a pen from his pocket to write down the address and his phone number. “It’s pretty easy to find, but if you get lost, just give me a call.”
Her only response was a twitch of one ear.
“Yes, well, things change. People can change.”
“Dean! Dean! Stop it! Dean!”
“Of course. I always tell you so,” Cas answered.
“Nope. I know you don’t want to disappoint me.” Cas groaned loud into the phone again. “You should see me, so fucking hard for you. I can’t wait to put this big dick in your tight ass, Dean. I’m gonna have you coming all night long. Let you ride me and I -”
“Those...those aren’t anything. Just a side project I’m considering.” Cas moved his closed laptop onto the other stack, obscuring it from view. “Thank you for considering it. Now, I believe I made you a promise.”
Dean seemed surprised. “You’re up here especially early. Need a nap already?” he grinned over his monitors.
“Not really. If he never would have left, I probably would have given him one by now. Maybe. It’s just that he can stay during the week now, but I leave before he wakes up. If he leaves later, he’ll need a key to lock the door.” Curious, he asked, “Hey, have you had a chance to talk to Sam?”
Dean felt his phone buzz in his pocket and pulled it out. He didn’t recognize the number, but knew it had to be Castiel.
“Um, I think I did,” Crowley replied smugly.
Raising a skeptical brow, he asked, “Because of milk?”
Laughing, Castiel grabbed him and managed to haul the taller man into his lap. “I think…” He hesitated, but the grin stayed on his face. “I think you just gave me an incentive to misbehave. Is that really the best idea?”
After thoroughly thinking through everything, Castiel was feeling better. He still chose to write a quick email to his therapist, Dr. Bevell.
She held her hand out over the counter and shook his hand. “It’s nice to meet you. I’m Andrea, Benny’s girlfriend.”
Such thoughts quickly fell away as he started cataloging all the new moments - Castiel’s moan, the feel of his arm around him, the way Cas’s fingers had pressed into his hip, and of course that wet kiss. Dean groaned and pressed a hand to the bulge in his jeans. He really wanted to feel that mouth on his, taste Castiel, let their tongues slide together. If he could just have a chance, he didn’t think Cas would say no. Not anymore.
“Dean!”
“I would really like to be fucked now, please.”
“Well, Dean, guess this makes it easier for us to have a little fun. No one’s in your old office.” Another step and she was as close as she could get. “Wanna hear me begging for your cum again?”
That wasn’t Cas. Lisa’s screams snapped him back to reality and he saw she was crying. He quickly pulled out. “Oh my god! What happened?” He grabbed her arm to help her stand.
“I was,” he snapped. Her showing up in the middle of his day was not what he needed. He had yet to spend any time trying to figure out what he was going to say when he saw her at home. Coming up with something on the fly didn’t seem like a good plan.
“Don’t mind me.” She shifted around, laying down in the seat and throwing her leg over the back of it. One hand had her fingers circling lightly over a nipple while the other moved over the spot between her legs. “Mmm. Yeah, this is better.”
“Had a student last year writing me love letters and it was incredibly uncomfortable. The best thing to do is address it head on. Once I talked to her, the letters stopped.”
Rubbing the bridge of his nose, Castiel chuckled dryly. “No. You didn’t do anything wrong. That was...that was fucking amazing.” He turned and smiled at Dean. “You’re amazing.” Looking ahead again, the smile faded. “I did something wrong. I shouldn’t have mixed business and sexual pleasure. That was not something I should have done.”
Dean took a sip of his coffee. “No, it’s fine.” He moved from the arm of the couch to the seat so he could focus. “Run facts. Go.”
Biting his lip for a second, he said, “If I listen to you, I’m still not allowed to get off?”
She moaned and pushed herself down against him as her hands kneaded her breasts and pinched at her nipples. “Yeah, hon! That’s nice!”
Castiel was pleasantly surprised by how nice and cozy the little habitat was. When Dean held him towards one of the plants, he crawled from his hand down onto the leaf and began to walk around, checking out the new area.
“But why would I tell you about any of that when it will be so much more fun to show you?”
Dean stood and stretched. “Yeah. I used to be a professional Dom. Sorry about that.”
“Thanks.” Dean knew he was leaving the next day, but the reminder was a minor buzz kill. Pushing it aside, he lifted off of Cas and began to work pull at the edge of Castiel’s shorts and the underwear he could feel underneath.
Once his food was done, Dean turned off the music and sat down at the table. He took a few bites as he looked consideringly at the butterfly. “I know I bought all that stuff for you, but you don’t really want to live here, right? I mean, the apartment is okay, but there’s a whole world out there. Flowers to drink from and pollinate. Potential mates. Gotta keep the population going, ya know.”
Dean sat down in front of him, only able to see where the wings overlapped. He reached out and ran a hand down the feathers, noticing how still Castiel became. “You’re not ugly. I already told you that. I wish you would believe me. I don’t know how everyone else has been, but you’re not going to lose me. I am gonna be here and be your friend, whether I can see or not. You’re already beautiful to me.” He rubbed gently over to the top of Castiel’s wing, chuckling when it trembled. He leaned back on his hands and admired the sight as it was. “I love your wings. I think they’re the most amazing things in the whole world. I have them completely mapped out. I know which spots calm you down and which spots get your heart racing.” After a short pause, he said, “I really wanted to ask if I could kiss you last night, but we’ve never really talked about things like that. Hell, maybe I’m ugly. I don’t even really know.”
“What if he never makes that decision?”
The time couldn’t pass fast enough for Dean and he felt jittery. He stayed in his room to keep from acting weird in front of his dad. This needed to be a normal night. He was pacing back and forth when he heard a knock on his door. “Come in.”
He noticed that he did feel better after being able to talk to someone about everything that had happened. The teacher and student aspect of the relationship was set aside and he was able to speak freely without being judged. It was the first time he’d ever been able to do that. Reliving it all left him emotionally drained. Getting some rest like Charlie had said was easier than he had anticipated.
It wasn’t something he liked to think about for too long. Anytime he did, his thoughts became more and more wild, tending towards chaos and that was not anything he needed in his life. It may not be a perfect life, but it was stable and normal and that was what mattered.
“Yeah?”
A light huff was heard over the phone and then Castiel replied, “Well, sounded like he was hitting on you and apologizing to you at the same time.”
“Were you guys leaving?” She looked up, daring them to keep pressing. Most employees wouldn’t get away with such behavior, but Charlie had been their friend long before she came to work for them. She also had the uncanny ability to find proprietary information on their competitors. Neither brother dared ask her how she came upon such info, figuring it best that they not know.
Dean shrugged. “Girls usually like nice places for dates.” He took a bite of his burger and then looked to Castiel to see him trying to suppress a laugh.
“Well, I probably shouldn’t be going to John for advice anytime soon,” he laughed. “But, actually, I was thinking about moving.”
Castiel grinned. “I suddenly am finding it hard to keep my hands off you.”
“I love you, too, Cas,” he assured him. “I’m still a little confused though. Something happened. Can you tell me about it?”
“Come on. I want to get you out of here before prying eyes come around.” Dean motioned for Castiel to follow and they headed back the way they’d come.
Upstairs, Dean stood at the large window that made up the front wall of their office. It was so darkly tinted that he knew it would be hard for anyone below to see him. He was looking down at the small deli below, seeing Emily working with some customers. She was not the one he was thinking about though. That man with the dark hair and dazzling blue eyes, cheeks flushing pink, had absorbed his thoughts. He knew he shouldn’t be thinking about him, but he couldn’t help it. It was so cute to see...and he wanted to see more.
“It’s not like the bar isn’t going to be there because we’re going later,” Sam said. “Or will it? This isn’t like a mobile thing, is it?”
“Don’t get me started, sweetheart,” Castiel breathed. “Unfortunately, I’m not going to have the time today.”
There will probably be, at most, five more chapters.
After they’d found a good spot and made a run to concessions for drinks, hot dogs, and popcorn, they settled in to wait for the movie.
“Play your cards right and I’ll let you,” Cas bantered back before pulling him in for a wonderfully slow hello-kiss that left Dean feeling even giddier. After Dean set his bag down and removed his shoes, Cas grabbed his hand. “Come on. I want to show you something.” He led him through to the living room where they’d watched the movie before. The coffee table held Castiel’s laptop and two piles of papers. “I’m kind of excited and bit worried about what you’re going to say.” Letting go, he motioned for Dean to sit. They each took a spot on the couch, turned to face each other.
The door opened and there he was. Castiel was dressed in a baggy blue t-shirt and black shorts. He looked far more comfortable than Dean currently felt, jeans unwillingly stretching around his erection. “Dean! Come on i…” Cas did not get to finish the sentence as Dean had all but launched into his arms, pressing their lips together.
Dean leaned back against the couch. “I wish I would have known what to say to her to make it easier. I guess there are no words for that. She didn’t deserve to have this happen to her.” He paused to rub his face, dropping his hands with a loud exhale. “It’s over now though, officially. She’s going to go stay with her parents and she doesn’t want the house. I guess I’ll sell it and any profit I’ll split it with her.” He looked up at Cas. “Is it okay if I stay here while I look for a place?”
Castiel was sitting at his desk, staring at the schedule he was making for the week after next. Unfortunately, he was having an off day and just didn’t feel like working. He’d spilled coffee on himself that morning, meaning he had to completely change clothes. He traded out his black slacks and white button up for a pair of jeans and an untucked gray polo.
Finally able to reel himself in, Castiel eased back to look at the large spot of discoloration he’d left on Dean’s neck. It was positively the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Gripping Dean’s open shirt at his shoulders, he held him tight against him, pressing their stubbled cheeks together as he growled into Dean’s ear, “Mine.” Cas was practically shaking with the energy that one word provided him.
Dean listened with interest.
“He wouldn’t have people to see if it wasn’t for me doing the advertising through our web development,” he reminded her. “It’s a good system.”
Dean and a strange man came stumbling into the room, mouths locked together and hands all over each other.
“Guess we got them on the same day,” Castiel said with a shrug.
“Nope.” Cas caught up and looped an arm around Dean’s waist. “We have some bowling to do. I need to make up for that awful first game.”
That was only the beginning. His car was making a weird noise so he knew he had to take it to the mechanic and get charged an arm and a leg. Next, his mom had texted him to let him know about the neighbor’s cute daughter, despite the fact that he had come out to her years ago. Acceptance was not part of the process for his mom. She would deny it until the day she died.
Making a face, Sam replied, “You don’t look okay. You look sickly.”
“You’re very welcome, Dean.”
“People? Who else said it?”
“The papers aren’t going to be ready until tomorrow and no, I didn’t feel like waiting to be with Cas. It was mostly selfish, but I also know that Lisa wouldn’t have signed the papers before. She would try to find some way to make it work. She’s either an eternal optimist or delusional. At least now, she might actually sign them.” Dean typed out a response and sent it to Lisa.
Dean ended up getting quite a surprise when he came upon the house. Cars were lining the street in front of their home. “What the hell is this?” he wondered aloud.
Castiel felt a chill go up his spine. Everything about this interaction was sending off alarm bells in his head. “Why are you telling me this?”
Pulling his face from the pillow, he looked over at Charlie. He expected condemnation, but he only saw her waiting patiently. “Don’t you hate me?”
After taking care of the customer and telling Emily he’d be right back, Castiel headed towards the office, but was met a few feet from the door by Roy with the package in hand. It was a small box and Cas remembered he’d ordered office supplies earlier that week. “Thanks. I was going to get it. We’re used to our packages being in the office.”
Castiel nodded as he gave a little laugh. “Of course I did.” He smiled as he looked across the lobby. “I feel like things might finally be going well. We’re a real couple. I feel like it’s something I’ve been wanting for so long that it’s almost too good to be true. I didn’t want to leave home today and come out into the real world where we can’t be together yet.”
Dean knew he was going to be seeing Cas after work, but he was still pleasantly surprised when he walked into his apartment to find his boyfriend was already there, reading a book on the couch. Dean’s smile lit up his whole face. “I think I could get used to coming home to find you here.”
The doctor had kept his promise. He showed up at least once a month, sometimes two if Dean was lucky. Every time, Dean was left a complete mess, but thoroughly satisfied. Each session ended with a kiss between the two. It did seem that the kissing began to last longer as they went on. In the last scene, Dean was practically ready to go for a second round, by the time they stopped. Even the doctor looked thoroughly disheveled, blue eyes black with desire, but he’d pulled himself together and managed to do his usual end of the session spiel before leaving again.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas said earnestly. He even snapped a picture before disassembling his camera and lens and putting them back in his pockets.
The rain had slowed to a steady drizzle, and the drive to Jimmy’s house was easy.
"I think so," Sam said.
Sam and Eileen were tangled together on his bed. She’d brought a bag with her, but she claimed to be cold in the bunker and so was wearing sweats and one of Sam’s flannels, even though it was far too big for her.
"Said they wanted to wait until the full moon tonight," Beckett said.
Dean’s said it before. Cas knows it’s true. The words echo somewhere in his head, somewhere dark and empty.
A hole opened up in the wall, and a ball of light shot into the room before the wall closed itself again.
Eileen unplugged her phone (25% was charged enough, right?) and went back to the front room. She held her phone tight in her hand, just in case Sam tried to video call her, and stared out the front window. It wasn’t long then until she saw the Impala roll down the street, Sam behind the wheel with an uncertain look on his face. Eileen waved at him from the window, and grinned when his whole face lit up.
“It’s me,” Dean is saying. He’s holding his hands up to show they’re empty. “I come in peace.”
Dean had enough time for his wounds to finally mend themselves before a demon appeared before him. The demon was so thin as to be skeletal, with horns curling from a nearly-featureless skull. Dean felt a rush of cold through his chest.
"So...? What happened the first time?" Sam wondered.
“You’re my family,” Cas said simply. He started to reach across the table, but his hand stopped short of touching Dean’s, instead just resting on the table in the space between them. “I love you Dean. I’ll always pick you.”
“Why did you bring me breakfast?” Cas asked, taking a seat on the bed, facing Dean.
"You can see me?" Dean asked Cas.
“Just breathe,” Dean says. His forehead knocks against Cas’.
can be happy.” He turns his face to Cas’ palm and kisses the callused skin there.
“No trouble,” Dean promised. “It’s on my way.” It wasn’t, but it also wasn’t too far out of the way.
"Ask for directions," Sam said, knocking on the door.
"You don't seem to get it," Al said, stepping closer. "If you aren't in that room, Sam can't leap. He can't get out of your life. So I suggest you get back there so the second he does what he needs to do, you can get home. Lord knows I want you there."
“Work with your pictures more?”
What he finds is Dean leaning against the wall, the heels of his hands pressing into his eyes, like there’s some unpleasant image he’s trying to bully out of them. He’s muttering to himself, but Cas can’t make out the words.
It was a short drive. But this time, Dean remembered to get Cas’ number before he bid him well.
"Beckett's not wearing my body anymore, is he?" Dean asked.
“Don’t want to stop,” Dean said, his jaw set. It had been just about a full day since he’d had any sleep, and while he could feel it getting to him, he really just wanted to be home.
Cas almost laughed. “I had orders,” he said. “And you didn’t deserve hell.”
- unless you were there too.” Dean paused long enough to look up at Cas, and he found that Cas’ expression was so open, and soft, and hopeful, and God
Cas remembers this spell. “You didn’t leave a portal open?”
Beckett didn't understand what that had to do with anything, since Sam seemed to have a pretty good grasp on where he was and where he was going. He decided against voicing this concern, especially when he heard the lock turn over.
"Of course you do," Al said.
That was a fair question. How did he know someone wasn’t just using her phone? He started to type out a response, but then hesitated. “It could be her.” Another message came in, asking if he was there. She must have seen his typing indicator appear and disappear again.
Could that mean that Chuck was… dealt with? Eileen was sure that whatever had happened to her, it was most likely related, and if she was back, then there shouldn’t be a problem anymore, right?
“Dean, I-”
"Don't get bit?" Dean offered. "That seems like solid advice."
“Good,” Dean says. He pushes himself up to sitting with visible reluctance. “How about something to eat?”
Dean patted Miracle and looked back to the water. He wasn’t good at analyzing dreams, but the reasoning for this one seemed fairly straightforward. He’d nearly died, and Cas had come back to life in probably the most dramatic way possible, and so he supposed it made sense for his mind to fixate on
Dean’s jaw was set. He was reading over the incantations again, once again committing them to memory, despite the fact he’d memorized them hours ago. He had a hand in his pocket, feeling that he should have some kind of weapon on him. There was no reason to think he’d need one, but he thought he might feel more grounded if he did.
"You think it's a serial killer?"
“Something wrong?”
Dean coming to get him. He
No. “How did I come back?” Cas asks. He leans forward, elbows on the table where his plate was just a moment ago.
“No wonder you go out at four in the morning to take pictures.”
The other Sam laughed at that. "Yeah, I'm sure. Anyway, I remembered your pie this time, so don't say I never did anything for you." He had set a few grocery bags on the desk and pulled out a boxed Apple Pie. Then he seemed to remember something else and looked around curiously. "Where's Cas?"
“For what it’s worth,” Dean said, “I really do want you to stay. That’s what I want. I don’t want you to leave. Ever.”
“I have to go.” As soon as he said it, Sam was determined to follow through. “It’s a hunter’s house. It’s probably the safest place to go meet someone who was dead yesterday except
There’s something in Dean’s face now, more on display than it ever was before. Something fond and open when Dean looks at Cas and Cas looks back. Cas sees it often – when they’re eating, or driving, or he’s reading and Dean’s poking around on his laptop. It’s there when Cas needs help, or when Cas offers help. When Dean kisses him good night, or good morning, or just because. When Cas says, “I love you,” and when Dean says, “I want you.” It’s there even if they argue or bicker or the weight of the world is simply too much.
“How are you still sure your angel friend is even still alive?” Benny asked, not for the first time.
Cas blinks several times. He looks to either side of Dean, looking for the puppet master. “I don’t sleep,” he says, almost automatically.
At some point, Cas realizes the surface he’s laying on isn’t hard and immovable – there’s some give. He’s sunk an inch or two. The silence around him isn’t the dead silence he’d been listening to, and is instead the sort of living silence that comes from humming electricity, people down the hall, an old structure settling and creaking.
Cas’ gaze drops to that hand. He remembers his own hand, on Dean’s shoulder. A print left behind. Two. He closes his eyes and lets himself feel grounded in the touch, even as some part of his mind screams that it’s a trap. “I don’t sleep,” he says, because it’s an old joke at this point.
Dean sat quietly for a moment, trying to get his mind back in working order. This future was too bizarre, almost like the when Zachariah had sent him ahead as some kind of sick warning. But that future hadn't come to pass, and neither would this one. He stood and walked out of the room, which wasn't hard considering the door was still broken. He made the right and found the room that had had the "IN USE" sign lit up last time he had gone by. He was sure that was the room Al used to get to Beckett.
Beckett looked impressed. "I didn't know that was possible."
“You ask me to walk your dog at the ass-crack of dawn, I’ll walk your dog at the ass-crack of dawn,” Dean said, patting Sam’s back. He looked over Sam’s shoulder. “Eileen not coming in?”
Dean watched Cas out of the corner of his eye for a moment before he handed the camera back. “I don’t mind.”
he tells himself. It’s the only mantra he has; he can’t handle seeing Dean vanish again.
"There are five werewolves here," Dean said. "They're waiting for others before they kill you though."
Miracle greeted them at the door, her tail wagging her whole body. “Welcome to
“Cas?”
Sam looked up at Cas and saw an uncertain look there. He knew Cas wouldn’t stop him from going, but he could tell Cas also didn’t know if it was a good idea.
“You sure you’re feeling okay?”
“How are you feeling?” Dean asks. He leaves the door open and crosses to sit at the foot of Cas’ bed. After a pause, he hesitantly reaches out and grips Cas’ ankle. “I know it took a lot out of you.”
After breakfast, Sam went to get his suit on and told Dean to do the same and grab his FBI badge, since he seemed in need of reminding. Sam made sure to grab the Demon knife and the Colt, since he didn't trust Dean to remember them. Or use them correctly, for that matter. Really, Sam just hoped Cas would show up again and help make sense of this.
“If I want breakfast?” Cas asks. His brow furrows and his eyes narrow. He doesn’t eat. Dean knows this. He knows Dean knows this.
“Are you sure it’s her?”
“Cas.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, amused.
“What?” Cas asked, squinting when he looked up. “Oh, no. I just hum when I think. If it’s quiet.”
She had been in trouble. Sam had said so. She’d been about to answer him, but then everything was dark.
Even in the dim light, it looked like Cas blushed. “Thank you.”
His foot landed on something solid, but whether it was floor or ground or only the concept of such a thing, he couldn’t be sure. He took another step forward. He thought he heard something in the distance, but he accepted that it might only be his mind playing tricks on him.
when you see them tomorrow morning.”
, who’d tried so hard to pull him out of purgatory all those years ago, who’d refused to fight against him, who’d told him, on more than one occasion,
“I don’t like bringing it so early. These shots are for me, not work.”
“You waiting for more vamps to show up?” Dean countered. He hoped his tone cut off whatever sentimentality Sam would try to pull.
He knew what this was.
Cas smiled back. “Tomorrow then.”
"You know, Sammy, my brother, and I- we were on a case to save people. We always are. Your friend is a little late to the game."
Dean thought if he thought about that too long he might explode. “Can I see your other pictures?”
Cas squints, trying to parse the question. He searches Dean’s face, but he can’t find the answer there. “Want to what?”
Only problem was, he had no idea how to start looking.
Cas just shakes his head.
Dean’s hands close over Cas’ like a vice. “Punishment?”
Dean hummed.
No sound follows. The sensation of being watched doesn’t abate.
"Yeah, sure," Dean said, sarcasm dripping from his words. "Are you kidding? Cas can go."
Beckett shook his head. "It's what I do," he said.
“Have some breakfast,” Jack says when he pulls back. “It’s good.”
"Two or three, I think."
Cas couldn’t help himself. He wrapped Jack in one last hug, told him he loved him, that he’d see him soon. And after a minute or so, took a step through the door and onto the grass. He heard the door click shut behind him and didn’t bother to turn around, though he did reach back with his hand to see if he could feel the knob. All he felt was empty air.
“Jack said he thought it sounded lonely.”
Dean was half tempted to call Cas and wish him a happy anniversary, but he wasn’t sure what kind of reaction that kind of humor would get him. He didn’t deserve to make those kinds of jokes with Cas.
"Good morning officer," Sam said when they reached the officer at the door. "I'm Agent Nichols, this is Agent Peters." Here he held up his badge, as he always did. Dean was a little slow on the uptake, and still didn't seem sure of himself.
Cas pushes himself to his feet. He has the wild idea to start walking. Maybe, if he’s a moving target, he’ll be harder to torment. Maybe, if he doesn’t keep still, the shadows that look like Dean but aren’t Dean won’t be able to catch him again.
She couldn’t think of anything that would just make her vanish from existence. Even as she felt her mind sharpen up with food in her belly, she couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation. She thought harder, carefully going over what she remembered from before everything went dark to what she could think of now.
"My friend. He keeps an eye on the whole project. He can appear to me and help me figure out what's going on."
Dean shrugged noncommittally.
Dean reluctantly backed away. He glanced to the door, but it had shut and locked when the old man walked in.
"When did you leave?"
No. So many years ago, Sam had seen Stanford as his way out of all of this; he’d go be a lawyer, and he’d have a family and friends and a regular routine and he wouldn’t deal with haunted objects or vengeful spirits or werewolves or vampires anymore. (How simple life had been then, he thought.) There probably wasn’t a full
Cas smiled. “I’m well,” he replied. “I was just in the neighborhood.”
“Be careful.”
. He poured himself a mug of coffee and offered the pot to Cas, who refused.
"Because you can't kill a werewolf in hand-to-hand combat," Dean said.
"Then you know the terms," Sam said simply.
Dean opens the door a crack and steps half through it. “’Morning sunshine,” he says. His voice is soft, in volume and texture.
Dean pretended to think about this for a second. After all, he
Dean stuck his head out and inspected the hallway while rubbing his throbbing leg to dull the ache. The hall wasn't very impressive; the walls were a plain grey and the the floor was tile. The light was fluorescent, but not harsh. There didn't appear to be much going on, though doors lined the hall.
"I've saved my share of people," Dean said tiredly to the empty room.
“You weren’t yourself,” Cas said, dismissing Dean’s concern. “We had all been warned going in that you would fight against us.”
Dean is leaning against the counter, scrolling through his phone. He stares when Cas walks in.
"Yeah, I was thinking about that. You remember the farm we passed on the way into town?"
Dean shook his head to clear it and refocused on the case, the Mark forgotten for now.
“I might have to take you up on that,” Jack replied, his voice muffled slightly from Cas’ suit jacket. After a moment, he pulled back and shook himself back to the task at hand. “Follow me.”
"Thank you," Sam said, stepping inside.
Sam shook his head, bewildered. “He’s usually there once or twice a week. I didn’t think you’d see him that much. I just thought you’d have enough time to make some kind of impression.”
"Isn't that extensive?" Beckett asked, following Sam up.
Cas doesn’t say that, but Dean seems to get the idea. He throws an arm around Cas’ shoulders and smiles reassuringly when Cas looks back at him. He leads them further down the hall to his own room.
Sam ran his hand over his neck, where the wolf's jaw had been. The skin was smooth. A grin spread across his face. "I'm fine," he said with relief.
Dean shook his head. “I don’t want to intrude.”
“I don’t exactly come here all the time Cas.”
Dean was pretty sure he was misinterpreting that. “You only came this much because you wanted to see me?”
” The words are almost sobbed, but they’re there.
Cas nods. He lets himself believe it. His eyelids are heavy and hard to open as Dean’s hands resume their ministrations. “I’m so tired, Dean.”
Maybe she’d been dead.
"Doesn't mean I'm not getting too old for it," Al said.
to," Sam countered.
Dean would have done it for free, honestly. Sam was his brother and he loved him. More than enough to take care of his dog for the week.
Sam took a deep breath. “Let’s sit down.” He wanted to give her the short version, but he knew that she would want the whole thing. So he told her. His hands stumbled over a couple of signs, but she patiently corrected him. She waited until he was finished before she asked the question that had clearly been on her mind since he walked in.
"But where you are, this happened in the past, right?" Sam pressed.
That had been May. It was September now, and the leaves were starting to change colors. Dean started adjusting his schedule in his head so he would have time to rake the yard. He didn’t allow himself to think of how normal a thought that was. He forced himself not to think of the monsters that might start coming out in earnest in the fall, with the longer nights and cooler weather.
“Can you look at me?” Dean sounds panicked now. “Please, look at me. I have to know you’re okay.”
Cas tries to slow as they near the portal, but Dean’s grip is firm and unflinching. “Dean?”
Cas looks up to find Dean striding toward him. His heart constricts.
Dean looks back uncertainly, like he’s worried he’s done something wrong instead of the most correct thing he’s ever done. “What is it?”
Cas stares at his door. Remembers waking up there. He doesn’t want to wake up there again.
Cas spread his empty hands in a shrug. “I’ve been dead.”
“I didn’t want to miss the party.”
“Please look at me.
“At your service,” Dean growled. He jumped at the light, seeming to catch it off guard. He wasn’t sure what he had expected, but he collided with something solid, something hot. He felt the thing grab at him, and he turned and shoved it backwards with all the strength he could muster.
Dean could recognize deflecting. He was well-practiced in it himself. “I asked you first.” When a moment passed in silence, he sighed and ran a hand down his face. So talking about himself really wasn’t going to get any easier, was it? “Look, Cas. I know what I want. I want what I’ve always wanted.” He took a deep breath, steadied himself. “I want my family to be safe.
That was possible? But of course it was possible; Jack could do what he liked now. “What about you?” Cas asked. “What if you need help?”
Eileen looked out the window, just to be sure the landscape was, in fact, familiar.
“Morning?” Cas asks. He can feel the tears pricking at the back of his eyes, but he doesn’t let them fall. He’s too afraid to.
Cas sighed and pressed his first two fingers to Sam's forehead. Sam felt a rush of energy, and suddenly there was a old man standing there with them. And Dean didn't look like Dean, but like a middle aged guy with a grey streak in his hair. "Better?" Cas asked.
Dean watched, feeling helpless. His eyes never left Sam, who was doing his best to make quick work of the situation, but fighting with a werewolf was like having a wild animal coming after you, which was hard enough when you weren't outnumbered three to one.
“I don’t know Sammy. It’s like he can’t look at me. And then he won’t stop looking at me.”
Castiel’s cheeks pinkened, but he ignored it and took a bite or broccoli. “Hmm...weird. I don’t know,” he said, mouth full.
Dean felt like his legs were going to give out. It was unfair. Life was mocking him. He was sure of it. He’d churned through more of the university student body than he could count, for no other reason than he could and because he really liked sex. He’d never been pursued because no one ever had to. Dean gave it out easily. Now, in the one situation where he HAS to say no, he’s being pursued by an aggressive sixteen-year-old who has the ability to get him hard in five seconds flat.
Deciding to really make use of the guy, Dean pulled out and sat down in his seat. “Get over here and sit on me. Bounce that ass on me, Michael. Prove to me how badly you need this grade.”
“Fine. Explain it to me. Tell me how it is.”
The move caused Castiel’s whole body to tremble. When he heard Dean’s deep chuckle, goosebumps spread across his skin in a pleasant way, making everything seem extra sensitive. Not only Dean’s mouth upon him, but where his hand sat on Castiel’s thigh seemed to be afire with sensation. When Dean pulled away from him, Castiel couldn’t decide if he was relieved or frustrated.
“Kill it!” the man hissed.
The cop shrugged. “They have to go in no matter what, but hopefully, yeah. We hope there will be people they can save in there.” The officer knew it was bad so he didn’t want to raise hopes, but he didn’t want to take hope away completely either.
in the same conversation? Think she’s ever been on the dark web? I don’t who this chick was, but she ain’t got shit on you and Gilda knows that, too.”
Castiel was not unlearned in the ways of the world. He had learned a bit from his time with April. Hesitantly, he parted his lips.
When class was over, he stood at the front of his desk, collecting papers, and noticed Castiel was taking a long time getting his bag together. Once the room was empty, he allowed himself to fully drink in the sight of the sexy teen sauntering up to him.
“It wasn’t an attack. He thought he was doing what was right.” Despite the pain and hell that time had been, it was easy to forgive now that Dean was making up for it. Every kiss, every soft touch, every time he used a pet name… it all pushed the bad times further into the past.
He carefully slid out of the bed then watched as Cas moved into his spot, chasing the heat.
Dean leaned back and pulled Cas with him so he could cuddle against his chest. “You don’t have to say anything, baby.” He softly ran his hand up and down Castiel’s arm and peppered his face with kisses.
In the morning, Sam woke knowing the day could very well be their last. He went to check on Jack and found him still fast asleep. Leaving him to rest, he went on to Dean's room. As he approached he was surprised to see that the door was open. Dean was never awake before him. Glancing in, he jerked his head back and wished he hadn't.
, he thought before shaking the thoughts away and sitting down to focus on his paperwork.
“You gotta stop. Please.”
He had spent so much time using the moment in the stall as a rule for what bottoming was that he pushed away all the pleasure it can bring when you’re with someone you actually want to be with. He began to whine as the stationary plug was not providing any of the enjoyment that a thrusting cock would. “Ungh! I need Dean!”
“A lot of that…” Cas began, but Mary caught him off.
Dean stepped in front of Castiel and sunk to his knees, taking Cas’s hands in his. “You’re right. I made an assumption and I didn’t give you a chance to explain. That was a real asshole thing to do and I’m so pissed at myself over it.” He paused for a moment, gathering his thoughts. “For a long time, my life was an endless string of sex. I worry that I’m not going to be a good at a relationship because of that. If anything, I was projecting that on to you because you’ve been nothing but amazing this whole time. I will make it up to you, Cas. I promise you that.
Dean could hardly believe his eyes. It was a vision he’d been yearning for for so long. It didn’t seem possible that Cas was there, standing in front of him, cute as ever. All Dean wanted to do was grab him and hold him tight, but he reined himself in. It wasn’t because his friends were there, but because he didn’t know if Cas would let him. As far as he knew, they were no longer a couple. It probably wasn’t okay to bear-hug the person who dumped you.
Cas stood and stretched.
As soon as the door shut, Cas was off the couch and in Dean’s arms. “What the fuck just happened?” he asked, voice muffled against Dean’s chest.
Seeing the teen’s captivated expression, Dean chuckled. “What? Thinking you want to be the one getting fucked instead?”
“Hey, Dean! What’s up?” the guy said with a smile.
“That I’m single...and on a date with you.”
Lisa:
Content his little friend was okay, he stood back up and focused on another problem. He was still horny. “Fuck. I was really hoping to get laid tonight. Guess I’m on my own. Hope you don’t mind, but I have to take care of this.”
“The way it’s broken up for each soul,” Jack started, “why is that?”
They eat together, and the kitchen isn’t as quiet as it was a moment before. There’s banter, and arguing over what movie they should watch later, and Cas doesn’t quite laugh, but he smiles more and tries to relax.
"I'm not sitting around waiting for the end. It's not my style," Dean said. "Besides, you know where I am. As soon as he's done, I go back and get in the room and then back to my own time."
Bobby grinned when he looked up and saw his visitor. “Well I’ll be damned,” he said. “How are you, Cas?”
Castiel had seen souls of course, in heaven. They were brilliant things, and every one of them rang out with chords that Castiel had always thought to be more beautiful than the pealing notes the angels’ graces gave off. It was a small thing, nothing more than a passing curiosity, for Castiel to listen as he passed through heaven.
Cas turns, then turns again, in one full circle and then another. “Dean?” he asks. Nothing answers. There’s silence, and a shapeless expanse that Cas isn’t sure he’s even seeing for how empty it is.
“I’m a mechanic,” Dean replied. “The garage opens early.” He bumped into Cas again, totally accidentally. “Not as glamorous as photography.”
“I could drive,” Sam offered.
It isn’t hot, not yet. It won’t be fully summer for a few weeks, but the sun is out and the breeze is minimal at best. Dean sits back on his heels and removes his gardening gloves to wipe the sweat from his forehead. “I could go for some lemonade,” he says. He rests his hands on his thighs and looks over at Cas. “Want some?”
. I want to experience the world without having to worry about saving or destroying it. And I want to be with you.” He couldn’t decipher the look on Dean’s face, but he thought he recognized something in it. “That’s all.”
“Sam,” Cas said. “Good morning.”
Sam didn’t look like he bought it, but he let it drop for the time being. “Happy birthday,” he said instead.
“You’re practically naked,” Dean said, going for scandalized but not quite pulling it off. He cuddled up next to Cas and relaxed when he felt an arm around him. He could feel Cas chuckle.
“What do you mean?”
“’Afternoon Cas,” Dean said, taking a seat on the bench across from him. “Sam says hi.”
Dean took another breath and opened his eyes. "I guarantee I'm not," Dean said. "I've lost the two most important people in my life. I'm not okay. I don't care how long it's been."
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
Cas was almost grateful for Sam to greet him first. He was even grateful for Sam to wrap him in a bear hug.
It isn’t perfect, for any of them. Some days are harder than others. Cas and Dean lean on each other, and Jack leans on them, and at the end of the day they all try to trust that the sun will continue to rise on another day, and the day that comes will look something like the day that came before.
It’s a warm, late spring day, the first spring after they move in, and Cas and Dean are working in the garden. It’s a good day. No nightmares the night before, and Cas was
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said. “Don’t go getting sappy on me.” He pushed himself off the bed and made his way to the bathroom.
Ziggy seemed to ponder this for a moment. "Yes, I suppose," she finally said.
“Really?”
Dean got the feeling Cas was holding something back. "And then what, Cas?" he asked.
had wanted him to die, right? He’d managed to claw his way out of this ending, take away Chuck’s power to finish him like this, but still here he was. As angry as he was over it, he felt terror clawing back into his heart; it didn’t matter how many times he’d done this, the thought of dying still got to him.
Sam, Eileen, and Jack were unconscious in their seats around the room, presumably having fallen asleep there waiting for Dean to return. Dean felt relief wash over him when his vision adjusted to the light and he saw Cas still standing in front of him.
something you have to do now.”
"Carry a gun with silver bullets, stay out of the way," Sam said. "The gun you had earlier had silver bullets, so you can just take that one." Sam stood to get the car keys, made sure he had his own gun and a silver knife. "Alright," he said. "Let's get this over with."
“Maybe.” For now, Cas isn’t hungry, and no matter how Dean is looking at him, he can’t force himself to eat any more. He pushes the plate away.
"Yeah, I think we're just about finished," Sam said, managing to still sound professional. "Just another minute."
A knock on the door, three short raps. Cas doesn’t move, but neither does the person on the other side.
There were those words again. Bouncing around in Dean’s mind. Dammit, how did Cas just
Dean turned around, expecting to see someone standing in the doorway. When he saw no one there, he turned back to the computer, pressing a few more keys to test the machine's reaction.
“What’s with the vest?” Dean asked. It looked like cargo shorts, with all those pockets.
Alastair was quiet a moment. He stepped over to Dean, leaning close so he could better inspect Dean’s features. Dean turned his face away, but kept his eyes trained on Alastair’s face.
Cas swallows. “Why?”
"Call?" Al asked, whacking the side of the transmitter, thinking maybe there was something wrong with it.
They finished their food without saying much else. Dean eyed Cas’ camera, sitting on top of the cooler beside Cas. “Can I use your camera?”
Maybe it
Cas just shook his head. "After what happened to Sam, you were a mess, self-destructive again. I had to get you out of a few scrapes when you weren't fighting."
“Then why can’t you look at me?”
"Time travel?" Sam asked.
say that, and Sam would probably understand the subtext of it, but that didn’t mean he didn’t want to make sure that was okay with Cas to begin with. Hell, Cas could just be avoiding him at this point. That didn’t make any sense, considering he’d said Dean was allowed to keep flirting with him, but Dean supposed it was still possible.
Tentatively, Dean took a step forward, his eyes open and searching for any sign of Cas. Any sign of
“You saved me four years ago,” Dean said. He noticed the small smile on Cas’ face, even if Cas hadn’t meant for him to see it. “You know, give or take. I don’t exactly have a calendar out here.”
“Well, he learned about family from the best.”
There’s the scraping of chair legs, and Dean’s footsteps around the table. Dean’s hand is on Cas’ arm, and then there’s the sound of fabric rustling as Dean kneels down, and Dean’s other hand is on Cas’ thigh. “Cas?”
“But–”
Beckett heard Dean and managed to throw the wolf he was fighting aside, running toward Sam. He tackled the wolf that had a grip on Sam, wrapping his arms around him and pulling him away. Beckett landed hard on his back, the wolf on top of him. Sam, recovering quickly, retrieved his dagger from the chest of a dead werewolf and stabbed the one on top of Beckett. Beckett felt the tip of the dagger on his shirtfront, but it didn't cut the fabric.
Help was probably wise. Sam thought he should probably take it. “No, I think I’ll be okay.” His mind made up, Sam squeezed around Cas through the kitchen doorway. He promised that he’d call if he needed help.
Cas has to stop before he wants to. He can almost feel Dean chase him for the barest of seconds, but Dean lets him go. He keeps his eyes closed and tries to push back on the dread he feels at having to open his eyes again.
Cas supposes it does. He pushes himself up to sitting and swings his legs over the side of the bed. He must move too quickly though, because his head is suddenly swimming and he almost topples over onto his side.
Cas nodded. He put the cap back on the lens and shoved his book in one of the outer pockets. He inspected the tree trunk. He was only about six feet off the ground. He slid partway down, keeping his back to the trunk until his foot caught on a knot. It was a precarious perch, but he balanced and lowered himself quickly to the ground, his camera held carefully in one hand, with the air of someone who did that a lot.
So it happened that when Sam and Eileen were planning their honeymoon, Sam asked Dean to take care of his dog while they were away.
“Gotta open a portal back. For the two of us.” Dean transfers the bundle to Cas’ hand and pulls a lighter from his pocket. “I’ll light the fuse, you use your grace.”
"It's Sam," Sam interrupted.
The picture on the screen was in a forest, aimed up at the sky over the trees. It was the dead of night in the picture, and the colors were dark but visible enough to know that this picture wasn’t in black and white. The sky above the trees was clear, and in the black canopy were thousands if tiny pinpricks of light – more than Dean could remember seeing in real life, save for a camping trip his dad had taken him on when he was a kid.
"You left that damn room again?" Beckett asked.
Did he love her? Sam didn’t know. But he
Cas laughed again. Hadn’t he said as much to Bobby? “Okay,” he said, wiping his face. He took a breath to steady himself. “No, I don’t want to be an angel anymore.” And what a relief, to say that out loud.
When there’s a lull, Cas takes a chance. “Sam?”
“No need to worry.” The words are out before Cas can force himself to remain quiet. But he can’t let Dean worry about him. He’s never wanted Dean to worry about him.
Cas can’t breathe. His lungs need air, but he can’t fill them. He wants to say something, but he’s suddenly forgotten every word in every language he knows. Without thinking, he lowers himself off his chair and crashes into Dean’s chest, into Dean’s arms. He can feel Dean’s heartbeat against his own and he doesn’t understand how his own heartbeat isn’t the loudest thing in the room.
Cas was almost crying in earnest, and Dean thought he might be too, but Cas was a little more solid, even as he seemed to flicker again. “I-” Cas’ voice stuttered out, but he smiled as wide as Dean had ever seen.
“We’ll see.”
Jack smiled, nodded. “Okay,” he said. “I can take it from here.”
That line of thinking was the reason that, when Cas became aware of a blinding light in the distance, he thought his essence was finally being chewed up, and he would once again become only so many molecules, so much stardust. But the light didn’t become all-encompassing - no, it dimmed and solidified as it drew closer, and two golden eyes stared out of it.
So much for putting this one off.
"You'll have to be more specific. We passed a few."
Dean entered the room and Cas immediately had his angel blade out.
“Don’t need saving,” Dean said. He got right in the thing’s space and slashed across its front.
“Good to see you Jack,” Eileen said. She leaned up against Sam again when Sam had released Jack.
"What's so funny?" Cas asked, pulled away slightly so he could look Dean in the eyes.
Castiel reached it first, fending off demons with every trick he’d ever learned and several he’d improvised. The other angels kept the demons at bay as Castiel reached out for the soul, clutched it tight to himself, wrapped his wings around them both as shields, and rocketed toward the ceiling high above them.
He needn’t have worried. As soon as the incantation passed his lips, there was that familiar rush of power, a sense of free-fall, and then the comfortable atmosphere of the bunker’s library.
"Dean?"
Dean’s eyes narrow. “You sure you aren’t hurt?”
Dean looked up to see Sam staring at him. "Sammy," he said, relief coloring his voice. He didn't even hesitate before wrapping his brother in a hug. Sam hugged him back, and they gripped each other tight for a minute before pulling away.
"That certainly puts a damper on things," Dean said, trying to force down his rising panic at the thought that he was going to have to watch helplessly while the events played themselves out. "Why'd they bring you down here?"
The old man was alarmed at this turn of events, but he answered calmly. "You're in a government laboratory in the southwestern U.S. in two thousand twelve."
“Jack,” was all Cas said. It seemed like enough of an explanation for now.
Cas laughed and nodded. “I think so.” It wasn’t raining that hard, but his hair was dripping enough that he had to wipe drops from his forehead. He unzipped his hoodie and laid a laptop case on his lap.
Cas chokes on a sob. He looks down at where their hands are still joined, and he tries in vain to use that point of contact to heal Dean’s injuries. Nothing happens. There’s no rush of grace, no feeling of repair in Dean’s body. He swallows thickly. “I can’t.”
They walked in silence for a few minutes before Cas asked, “So what work do you do that pulls you from your walks in the morning?”
“You need me,” Cas says, just desperate to keep Dean talking at this point.
Cas nodded. “Well in that case,” he said, and turned his gaze on Sam, “you should get some rest as well. You had the same weeks.”
to his right, that much was certain, even with the slight echo. He turned that way and stepped off, a little more purpose in his stride. “Nice of you to speak up, Cas. If you could do it again-” Dean broke off, suddenly face-to-face with Cas, who was lit up in the soft glow Dean had forgotten he was giving off. It made Cas’ eyes glow blue, as if he still had all his angelic power behind them. Dean wanted to make some kind of quip, but anything he might have said died on his tongue.
Dean barked a laugh and swung again. There was a commotion outside, and the room shook. Shouting came from beyond the walls, and Dean could hear the shrieks of the damned and what sounded like the snarling of hellhounds. He paused for just a moment to listen, and in the next moment found himself in a bone crushing grip.
a voice in his head says.
He stands at the entrance of the laundry room, hesitant. Sam is leaning against the dryer, one foot up with a book in hand. Dean forces his voice to sound casual. He doesn't know how much his eyes betray him.
“I would like that, yes.”
Cas doesn't sleep in Purgatory, and neither does Benny. He doesn't know much about how time works in here, the days inconsistent, the nights seemingly unable to follow a concrete pattern,but  he knows that Dean sleeps a few hours once every few days. Which is fine, for the most part, except Dean refuses to sleep without Cas beside him. Even after arguments of
The man lowers the jacket into the bowl and grabs a match. He lights it up, his hand hovering over the bowl.
He doesn’t have Jack, though. He tries not to think about that.
The lesions start on his legs after his first cold as a human. The cold “sucked ass”, as Dean would say, but that is all well-expected. What Cas didn’t anticipate was the appearance of tiny elevated red dots right below his right knee after the cold. They were itchy, with tiny silver scales over the patches.
Dean’s hand crawls underneath Cas’ shirt, It feels scorching hot on Cas’ skin, and he lets Dean’s hand linger on his chest. He wants. He wants so bad he might cry. He feels his breath hitch on his throat, and for a second he’s afraid he might sob just like this, right into Dean’s mouth, but Dean shifts on his lap, and suddenly, his breath was hitching for a different reason.
Dean gulps. A shiver hits him, a coldness in his bones as his body anticipates the next few words out of Sam’s mouth.
He decides to sleep on it until the morning, and he made an honest attempt out of it, too. Except Dean finds himself completely unable to doze off, and he ends up just staying up all night, watching as the clock ticks into a more reasonable time.
Dean drops Cas in the Gas-and-Sip that morning. He tells Cas that he’s sorry for kicking him out of the bunker. He tells Cas that he’s proud of him. He tells Cas to stay out of trouble, that he’s human now, that he should leave the worrying to Dean. He doesn’t talk about what happened last night, and Cas tells himself that he is happy for the unacknowledged, relieved that they don’t have to deal with the fall out of what happened. Dean is leaving anyway, whether they talk about it or not.
The digital clock shows 7:59 in bold red. Dean waits, and waits, and waits.
And it was Dean who kissed Cas first.
Son of a bitch
—————
It could have been romantic, really. Dean could have ran down the stairs and hugged the angel. Or he could have dragged Cas and pinned him against one of the bookshelves and kissed the longing out of the both of them. Or he could have shouted his love from the balcony, for both Sam and Cas to hear. There were so many things he could have done.
Cas pushes Dean's grip away. He wants to look away, wants to never see Dean look as heartbroken as he does now. Except he can't. He looks and looks and looks, until finally, he gets one word out.
At first, he just holds him in place, breathless. And then Dean closes his eyes, tightens his grasp, and he suddenly feels like he is swaying.
Dean wakes up, and Castiel is gone in the morning.
“I’ve already set up your insurance. I’m sure you’ll get access to whatever it is you need.” Sam finishes up, and Cas is grateful, really. He gives Sam a pat in the back before leaving.
You will tell him what it is like to be disembodied the way you were, and he will tell you about what it was like to sense you in that disembodied state, still. You will tell him that you felt his prayers, and he will tell you that he meant them. You will tell him that you love him, and he will call you an idiot and tell you that he loves you too. He will lean in and kiss you on the forehead, on the cheek, and finally, on the lips, and you will cement into your newly formed head that you will never leave this man again.
“Look at you, Dean. You think he’ll want to talk to this? You think he’ll want to come back to this?”
“Oh.” Dean responds.
Dean decides, right then and there, that he would give anything in the world to see Cas smile that way every day.
Night drives are always pleasant. There's just something about the relative darkness, the empty highways, and the gentle snoring of whoever is in the passenger seat that puts Dean at ease. There is a sweetness in the air sweeping through Dean’s face, courtesy of his rolled-down window. Right now, the person snoring on Dean’s passenger seat is Cas, whose head is resting on the closed window of his side of the car.
—————
He looks at the time. 23:11. It’s not an appropriate time to call.
you realize.
You keep on looking at the man as he traverses the distance between the bed and the door that you tried to get through earlier but you can’t seem to cross over to the other side. So much for being a ghost. He lands with a thump on the bed, his body curling in on itself, and he starts sobbing.
You don’t know why you are hearing this, or who Cas is, or what this man is doing to get into your head. You feel the tugging feeling grow heavier, and for a second you feel like you can feel this man’s devastation for the friend? lover? he is thinking of. But quickly enough the flow of voices in your head stops.
Dean had figured as much, but he still laughed. It wasn’t funny, of course, he was just laughing because he knew that was the reaction Cas was going for, and who was he to deny him that? “You do seem to get here pretty early.”
Jack preened slightly under the praise, but was quickly back to business. “I have some questions. About heaven.”
"You left your room?" Al demanded.
Cas just shakes his head. He wonders how it works if he acknowledges, out loud, that this isn’t real. But Dean hasn’t dissolved yet. “Never-mind.”
Dean had never had much trouble telling where he was, once he got the hang of things. Earth felt like earth - it was chaotic and loud and soft and normal. Hell felt heavy, like someone breathing down your neck and something creeping in the shadows, ready to strike. Heaven felt clean and safe and almost sterile. Purgatory felt like a wilder earth, like everything about home had been cranked up to eleven, and consequences were quick and meaningless.
Bobby looked around at his house. “You mean it won’t just be memories.”
There are no dreams, and so when Cas is once again aware of his surroundings, he’s fairly confident the Empty allowed him a certain reprieve.
While Dean cooked, he could hear Cas clicking through his pictures. “Eggs okay?”
Dean felt the tension leave him. Sammy was okay. He turned to face Beckett. "I guess I should thank you," he said.
“Is that me?”
Time didn’t mean anything in hell, but even so, Castiel knew they’d been at it far longer than they should have been. But there were so many souls. He’d asked how they’d know which soul belonged to the righteous man, but Zachariah had scoffed at him, as if the question hadn’t needed to be asked, and if it had, the answer should be so obvious as to not warrant an answer. Had Castiel been human, he might have felt slighted. But he simply accepted that the answer would present itself to him when the time came; there was no need to dwell on it if the explanation was not immediately necessary.
Castiel fought, as he’d been trained. He forced himself to ignore the souls on the racks, even as the fighting inevitably forced him to harm them as well. It pained him to do so, but he couldn’t think of that. He was a soldier. He had the mission to focus on. These were the souls of the damned. There was only one that was destined to make it out intact.
"Not a chance in Hell," Dean said. "I need to know what's going on back in my life."
“Nature, mostly,” Castiel replied. He talked while he changed settings on his camera, took a couple of test shots, and adjusted some more. Dean didn’t stare at his hands. “I’ve taken photos for nature and scientific journals. I did a special for Nat Geo once.”
Cas nods. He opens his eyes and watches Dean watching him. He relaxes into the feel of Dean petting his hair. The footsteps down the hall are still moving, perpetually on the verge of Jack stepping through the door frame. “Where’s Jack?”
