Sherlock entered the building and stormed past a hastily retreating Mrs. Hudson. He kicked the living room door shut behind himself, yanked his coat onto the coffee table, threw himself into his chair, and stared accusingly at John's seat across from him.
On the next morning, after a veritable feast in Sherlock's bedroom and a delicious breakfast at Mrs. Hudson's, John, while holding Sherlock's hand, called a real estate agent in order to get rid of his flat.
"Sherlock, are you alright?" John looked worried. "Did I say too much? I did not want to shock you or anything. You asked, and it's no problem for me if you know these things."
"Well, maybe we should not, not right away at least," John said, more serious now. "I have no idea what time it is. I would rather not have Rosie and Mrs. Hudson walk in on us."
They were also closer physically. Touching each other seemed natural. But did that signify more than companionship? Did it warrant a permanent invitation into Sherlock's bedroom? Sherlock knew better, than to give in to wishful thinking. He kept reminding himself to stick to the facts, and the facts were inconclusive at best.
John's reaction to this was rather vehement and Sherlock continued to be out of his depth. I wondered if I had misjudged the situation. In the end we managed to steer to conversation into lighter territory.
At precisely seven o'clock a cab arrived and Sherlock got off to shake the man's hand. I rushed downstairs to open the door. Sherlock was at his best behaviour. We greeted with a hug. Then he introduced me to John in a very polite fashion. Sherlock seemed oddly nervous, like a schoolboy bringing home a girl, or in this case a boy, for the first time.
So we brought John in. We hoped that he, as a military man, could talk some sense into the boy. Sherlock was there, too, because Mycroft, being the head of bloody everything in this country, was interested in the case.
"No, Sherlock." John laughed. "Not that. What I meant to say is that with you it would not be a meaningless shag."
Sherlock walked to the bed, moved John's pillow and blanket closer to he nightstand and put his own next to the wall. He turned and gave John a questioning look.
The suit, the neutral facial expression and the swift movements of someone trained in martial arts immediately identified the visitor as one of Mycroft's minions.
I have to admit that I considered my evening ruined at that point. They were so obviously taken with each other, that the hopes I had for Sherlock and myself more or less went down the drain.
“But also: you made me a promise. I believe you. And I feel the same. So: I’m confident. I don’t worry.”
He tightened his hold on me again, and I hugged him as close as I could through several layers of clothes.
Donovan looked slightly chagrined but didn’t answer that, only adding, “So do I assume that the star tattoo the victim mentioned is something that everyone in this
“Don’t leave. Stay here, with me. Not someplace else in Kerry. If you ... if you want to, I mean. Call in sick for a while. The Kerry sun can be very dangerous at your age.” He wasn't backpedalling, but he wanted to take the edge off what was very nearly a plea; humour had always helped at that.
“Trust you to know about accents. Is it harder to understand?” There was no denying it: I’d always loved to impress John.
John intervened, smiling cordially. Not everyone has the gift of addressing a stranger with discretion and warmth, and I could tell he found her as winning as I did.
In the following weeks he talked about his colleagues there. Two doctors. Four nurses. A receptionist. I was jealous—no, envious—of anyone who got to see John on a regular basis. Talk to him.
.” I felt it then, the uneven surface of his back, and wondered for a moment before I fell back under the spell of having him here with me.
“Look, I’d like to—could we—talk. Not about Mycroft. Just—catch up. This doesn’t seem to be the time or place for it.” John swirled the whisky in his glass, to give himself something to look at besides Sherlock.
“You.” His voice curls around my ear as his tongue traces almost imperceptibly around it. “Fascinate.” His breath raises chills on my barely dampened skin. “Me.” There’s a half-laugh in his voice as he nuzzles into my hair and ruffles it. “Every part of you, every inch of your skin. Everything you do to me, every word you say.”
“Have you ever—done this—before? With a man?” His hands slowed, but didn’t stop. His left hand went back into the hair at the back of my head, and I hummed again, but at the same time it was my turn to grow rigid with anxiety at the answer.
This is it, then. The showdown with John that’s been coming for weeks, the pressure building all the more for the silence between them. Sherlock made it clear to Roberto that he should leave; Roberto, ever tactful, did so, promising to check in next morning. Watching him go, Sherlock is still uncertain what answer he’ll give about going to Rome.
Of all the information and sensation flooding his awareness, the most vivid was seeing and feeling Sherlock so aroused, so off-balance and so visibly nervous. The man he’d imagined suavely removing his dressing-gown and stalking into his personal space to take charge—was just as afraid of monumentally embarrassing himself as John was. And somehow this was far more arousing than the Daniel Craig version of Sherlock that had starred in John’s daydreams.
At NSY we were directed to an interview room where Donovan waited with a PC, ready to question Sherlock. After a moment’s uncertainty about my accompanying him, she huffed and said, “You might as well. He’s not a suspect, after all.”
It’s draining. Thinking in Italian, for example. He listens to the speech patterns of different classes and picks which to imitate, which to avoid. He wants to avoid sounding incompetent, but he will almost certainly never sound Roman. He works on imitating the way Italian men around him walk, navigate the sidewalks, encounter others at crowded doors or bars or markets. He doesn’t want to assimilate, merely to be able to camouflage himself should he need to.
Trying to comfort him I said, “You had more reason. I announced a dozen times that you didn’t have a hope in hell. And I was lying, every time.”
I headed to the sofa and sank in, wrapping myself in the coverlet that seemed never to have been moved from where I’d left it. John followed and sat at the other end, turned so that he could see me.
Sherlock smiles a bit wryly. He puts his hand on Watson’s back, feels it rise and fall with her shallow breathing.
Shrewdly, Sherlock had leased a Land Rover. By the time they were ten miles away snow was already accumulating; fortunately he is an excellent driver in inclement weather, a skill I have not bothered to cultivate. (Have not had to cultivate.) I kept an eye out, and when John texted that they were coming up the drive I reluctantly pulled on wellies (
The past twenty-four hours had delivered so many body blows that after the fact, John was a bit surprised he hadn’t seen this one coming. The worst, the hardest—and he hadn’t been expecting it at all.
I couldn’t answer, but he seemed to understand anyway. He stepped away from the shopping, leaned back against the counter, and said, “Get over here.”
“Morstan is a confident chess-player, and calculated cleverly. Moran wanted Sherlock dead; in all of these scenarios, she believed she was safe from Moran as long as Sherlock was alive. Because she is the one who had the ties to John, Moran couldn’t dispense with her until you were out of the way.
her information—some of it explosive indeed—she’d want immunity from prosecution and enrolment in a witness protection scheme.
She smiled suddenly, a luminous and complicit smile that warmed John like a touch. “I can see why. He’d make anyone jump the fence. It’s none of my business, and it may not be relevant, but ... when I met my husband I was also very seriously committed to someone else. As sorry as I was to hurt that someone, I had to cut him loose and put everything I had into winning over the man of my dreams. The love of my life. Who didn’t even know whether he wanted a relationship at all, let alone one with me. But it was a once-in-a-lifetime chance. I gave it my best shot and here we are, fifteen years later, still in love.”
Sherlock was the best part of every night and every day, and I wanted him with a constant ache I hadn’t felt in twenty years. Discovering sex with him was like discovering it again for the first time: I was what I can only call obsessed. When we weren’t together I was counting the hours until we were; when we
her, he added that I didn’t have to do anything more than seem a bit warmer and more welcoming at work.
I’m not proud of it, but by the time he brought me tea and I pretended to wake up to his hand on my shoulder, I was well and truly freaked out. And I gave him something of the cold shoulder.
“I looked it up. Got to thinking about what he’d look like in his uniform. It’s gorgeous. I’m sure he’s got to wear it sometimes.”
Finally, about a playlist: I'll be adding a playlist / calendar as Ch. 7 of this fic, so be aware if you get a notification that this Ch. 6 right here is the end of
That night I wrote to Sherlock. It took me the whole night to draft and correct and recopy the letter, and as usual I couldn’t stop imagining what he was doing in the hours I was pouring my heart out to him. I had to write; if I didn’t, then even if Sherlock came home he wouldn’t get in touch with me. He’d said in his letter he was saying goodbye, no matter what came of his experiment in Rome. I had to give him a reason to contact me when he came home. If.
It’s been an uneasy month. I’ve spent some productive hours with Ella, working through the anger toward Sherlock I’d been hiding from myself. While I've been successful at being open with her, addressing this with Sherlock hasn’t felt at all promising: it’s my problem to solve, not his. But lately I’ve felt the bleak, grey sag of my spirits easing up, and today has been just ... perfect.
The only problem is that he can’t speak, either. He’s always used words to defuse tension that was building, to turn drama into comedy or at least irony, but now he can’t find a thing to say that could possibly normalise this tight embrace, these infatuated lyrics. The intensity of the contact makes him unable to do anything but stare at John; he can even feel his eyes widening. This helplessness isn’t projecting the image he’d been aiming for, with his evening of romantic dancing. His certainty seems to have warped into confusion, somehow.
Sherlock and I, one darling daughter, and two mature and sedate Hellhounds wish you all good health, much happiness, and good fortune in the coming year. And a joyous day today, to all who celebrate: Merry Christmas!
“Not about keeping you. Or valuing you. That was never in question. Just—regret that I didn’t let you know how much.”
He pulled back and quirked an eyebrow at me, and when I nodded, he got up and held out a hand. I was no longer too wound up, and Sherlock no longer too knackered, to consider going to bed.
The next one, "Dance with Me," is so, so different: set after S3 but without any Mary or baby. Sherlock saves Sally Donovan from a very close call, and she in turn helps him with a kindly plan to make John stop faffing about and get on with Johnlock. There will be misunderstandings, there will be music, and there will, obviously, be
They arranged to meet at the Trattoria da Gianni in Mayfair to discuss such details as word count, format, illustrations, and appendices.
John climbed the stairs slowly, the heat and noise and smells of the pub fading behind him, and opened the door of their room. It wasn’t even forty minutes since Sherlock had come up, so John was surprised to find the room dark and Sherlock already in bed, huddled on his left side, his arms wrapped oddly around his head. The light from the corridor fell on his face as he turned to John enquiringly. “You’re here?”
His smile was tight. “I won’t, then, but it’s all either of us can do. I can’t reach him if he won’t turn to me. Keep your radio communication going, and let me know instantly if you hear from him again. You have my secure contact; use only your burner phone, and don’t call from inside Baker Street or the surgery. I promise I’ll do the same.”
John’s hand stilled as he took in Sherlock’s words, as unexpected as any he'd ever heard. He grinned in the dark, then, furiously trying to calm his voice and his shaking hand, and pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s back. “Good, now let’s try to sleep. In the morning we can talk about what people do when they realize they’ve married the wrong person. Because you are the most important person in the world to me, and we’re going to take the time to do this right.”
He thought a moment, as he always did now when he caught himself on the verge of an automatic reply that might not be completely true.
Mycroft would know better than anyone how closely I was replicating the nursery of our childhood, and he would know better than to mention it. In Italy I’d collected things for Watson here and there, and had them sent back here. Toys. A mobile, carved in wood, where a little white and yellow boat would glide back and forth on blue waves over the crib. Tiny things for the shadow box, for when she was bigger. I’d meant to find a way to get them to her despite what had happened with John.
Finally our cab rolled up and we were able to get down the stairs and away, having had to leave Watson with her tenacious uncle. We had just a few minutes to make sure everything was set up properly at the flat before everyone would descend on us.
I wanted his first time undressing me to go rather differently, if it were ever to happen at all. He understood and stopped. He was still wearing his winter coat, but his face was unacceptably drawn and thin, his eyes indescribably aged. Worse than when I’d met him. Again, the sight stopped me cold. What had I done to him?
Her note read, “Lestrade said you weren’t doing pictures, but one day your daughter might want to see them. The photos were all shot in colour, if you prefer that; if there’s one you like better, hang that instead. Wishing you all the best. S. Donovan.”
you, Greg, what a kind compliment,” and he makes an undignified snorting sound that he turns into an ostentatious cough. Greg takes his hand off Molly’s bare arm and looks resignedly up at him: “This it, then? My turn to let you shine by comparison?”
If she’d said, “John, you look like an utter disaster and that’s just the kind of man I like to salvage. Will you let me give you a reason to live again?” I could have answered that while I was flattered by her interest, etc. etc. But as long as she stayed coy, I didn’t see a way to say “Mary, I know a lovely guy at the Met you might like to meet, name’s Greg, or how about Henry, he’s mad as a box of frogs and rich as Croesus,” to make it clear that I wasn’t going to be her next boyfriend.
Watson and I had a quiet afternoon after I picked her up at daycare. She was more active than ever, and curious beyond her expressive capabilities; it made taking care of her more stimulating, and more tiring, than when she was little. She didn’t have my complete attention today, though; I was thinking not-precisely-happy thoughts about whether or not to tell John about the messages from Roberto.
I slide under the covers where John’s been sleeping since we got back, so I can be on his side and smell his scent on his pillow. I take the lube from the drawer and put some on my hand to warm, then smooth some on my arsehole, pushing a finger inside, startled that it feels that good. But I detest the sticky, tacky feeling of the product on my hand, especially for what’s coming next, so I wipe it clean with a damp flannel.
Making it look effortless took a lot of effort. We were sweaty, and tired, and had sniped at each other a good bit. But it was looking good, and we were chuffed—even him. I figured it was a good time to ask.
Apparently when this began to wane, I’d shift into “bargaining.” Didn’t quite know how this bargaining was supposed to work. God wasn’t real and Sherlock wasn’t there: I had no one to bargain
John lifted his left hand and stroked Sherlock’s hair, as he’d always wanted to do, and Sherlock lay there and hummed and smiled, the way
It seemed I had seriously underestimated therapy. I’ve always dismissed it, or resisted it, and only pretended to cooperate; I’ve never met a therapist that didn’t bore me within a few minutes. They don’t keep up with me mentally, and I don’t share my emotions with strangers, so the entire enterprise has always seemed destined to fail. But the previous night’s conversation with John gave me occasion to re-evaluate.
A bark of startled laughter burst out. “Sherlock! Have you met her?! You couldn’t make that child solitary if you spent ten years trying! Obsessive? Yeah, she seems very disciplined about the things you’ve been teaching her. Either she’s terribly bright or she’s learning to be so in specific areas,
.” I'm proud of myself for keeping my voice relatively steady, despite my ragged breathing. But the price is two-word sentences, monosyllabic at that.
on 4 November, and by then my terror at Sherlock’s silence had intensified tenfold. The following Sunday I listened, knowing I wouldn’t hear anything from him. I was wrong, thank God, but his message wasn’t encouraging.
“Doctor Watson. It’s me. Wiggins.” His tone was its usual blend of obsequious and insolent, and I hated it. Hated him.
In fact, it was presumptuous to think that he would want to spend Christmas Eve at ours with just one old friend and a ten-month-old. I decided to invite a few interesting people over so Sherlock wouldn’t feel put on the spot, the object of my thirsty gaze, mine or my daughter’s. I’d ask Greg, of course, and Molly. The Stamfords. Mrs Hudson. She and Sherlock could come together.
But John is looking at him affectionately, unfazed by his sudden freeze, his deer-in-the-headlights stare. So Sherlock makes himself move, pick up the slow swing tempo, its gentle rhythm. This
“I want you to feel exactly what I was thinking during our last dance. I was thinking of dancing naked with you. ‘For sentimental reasons.’”
I owed Roberto everything I could give him. But as the days and nights went by, it was becoming clear that I couldn’t will myself to feel more for him than I did. Physical intimacy wasn’t bringing emotion in its wake. Roberto’s experience in our bed was more consuming than mine, to judge by his words, his convulsive embraces, his deep stillness afterwards, and his way of plastering himself to me so that every inch of us was connected. It was—touching, at best. I was gratified, and tried to be responsive and engaged. But what he was patently feeling, I did not feel.
“My dear boy. I can’t tell you what it means to us. Margaret and me. Sherlock is ...” He paused, fumbling for a word: “transformed.”
“Okay, you’re right. I should have been talking with you about it from the beginning. And knowing you objected, I should have put any decision on hold until we’d found a compromise. You know I’ve always had complete confidence in your parenting.”
“Doesn’t have to be now. I just—I’ve missed your eyes. They’re fine like this, they’re—they’re nice, but. You know.”
“Oh, yes. He explained why he had to go away in that awful way, making us all think he’d killed himself. Why he couldn’t let us know he was still alive. Why it took him so long to come home.”
I've heard I'm not the only reader who's had real trouble this year tracking long plots, so how about leaving recs for shorter fics—say one-shots, or up to 5K words.
They wouldn't want to live always in such isolation, but in the winter light, when time cracks open, there are always—only—two of them.
John doesn’t know Mary’s past the way Sherlock does; he’s never seen even the whole file on the data stick, let alone Mycroft’s cache of evidence. But then John doesn’t know Sherlock’s past, either. The two and half years away. Every enemy he’d tracked and eliminated in pursuit of Moriarty’s underlings, to keep his own people alive back in London. The mistakes he’d made and the innocents he’d harmed. Failed. Killed. Like the boy in Serbia.
And hardly at all for doubting John. Unconsciously, I’d been thinking that doubting John was a rational way to proceed. Prudent, even. John was tactful, didn’t make me say it. I did, anyway.
He still wasn’t talking when we walked through the front door to find Fred and Rosie on the floor playing—yes, with the coloured plastic shapes, nice to know I’m not a totally crap dad, I know my little girl. Sherlock didn’t look at Fred, didn’t speak to him, though they’d met before; Rosie staggered to her feet to go to him, but he moved away, motioning at the blood. Fred looked gut-punched by the state of him.
By the time the clapping and cheering died down Ash was back on stage, smiling and saying, “The song says ‘no sad songs,’ but what concert would be complete without ’em? So here goes ‘Dublin in the Rare Old Times’!”
“Nothing I could help you with would be a waste of my time. I thought you knew that, after all the cases I’ve assisted on. And I’m pretty sure that you wouldn’t mind doing anything you could to help me, if I needed it. If I asked.” And by “pretty sure” he meant “dead sure.”
So I just said: “I don’t know how people stand it, Sherlock. I wasn’t able to. But you need to know that I love you, that keeping away from you was the hardest thing I’ve ever done. I’ll never be able to apologise enough for it.”
I lie there some nights and let my fingertips trace over every part of him I can reach, or fondle without waking him. My hands in his hair glide down to trace the complex patterns of ribbons scarring his back. I splay a hand over his lean quadriceps and curve it over kneecap and ankle bone. I rest a hand lightly over his cock while he sleeps, as though he needed my hand there to defend him.
After a few days of bracing myself, I went back to Barts and headed to Scheduling. The brisk woman in that office said she couldn’t help me, as her work had to do with future scheduling, and was confidential in any case. With her I didn’t have to pretend to feel hopeless and lethargic. She sent me to Human Resources.
, God,” “that was,” “I, I,” and other such articulate and complex phrases that had them both grinning. The same awe, infatuation, and humour that each had felt from their first meeting kept them there for long minutes before John murmured a wordless “hmmm?” and propelled them to the bed, inches away. They fell on it, graceless, grateful, hands and arms still locked, Sherlock on his left side, John on his right, staring at each other.
“To tell you goodbye? Fuck, no. Not even close. But afterwards... when I came back. Mrs Hudson gave me your letter.” By now John too was rigid with tension. I wanted to tell him it was his own behavior that night that had made me resolve to accept Roberto’s proposal, but the same time it seemed cruel to do so. He was already miserable.
Before Roberto left, he held me again and I realised that I’d miscalculated. Living in Rome in the moment was fine as prospects went. I could certainly do it. Cut off from everyone I know, without means of contacting anyone should the temptation strike, was nothing new: I’d done it for months on end, after Barts. I’d intended to concentrate on Roberto, but if Roberto was going to be at work most days, I had to have something to lose myself in. Something that wasn’t melancholy, or cases, or cocaine.
He was insatiably curious, I knew, and that alone might keep him at home until I got there. In my imagination he looks at the phone as it records my voice, his brows arching; intrigued, he takes off the coat again and picks up the violin.
We took off our coats. I opened the bottle while he rinsed the glasses. I poured half an inch into each, and John took his to the bed while I settled into the small armchair. The whisky smelled exquisite, intensely smoky like the wood fires in Lazio, or Baker Street. The accompanying stab of lust, though—that was purely for John.
I frowned. “Because I found Mycroft’s message. Late, though, just Friday morning. That was the first I knew that not only were people following you, but one had been planted in your very surgery, and was trying to get even closer. That had to be Moran’s doing. I dropped Miletić and came back here, got to London not long before the radio aired my song request.”
Turns out the copycat case was something really big: an Italian copper was flying in to work the case with us. I wasn’t sure how Sherlock would respond to the Italian cop, or for that matter how I would. The more I thought about it, having anyone on secondment from Rome promised to be a gigantic pain in the arse. I expected, I don’t know, some kind of walking caricature warbling opera tunes and complaining about English food.
He shook his head unhappily, and tried to look away, but I wasn’t having it. We’d had too much misery from not talking, and we had to learn to do things differently.
Shower sex is effortful, in the average bathroom. It can be cramped, messy, and for one partner at least, a chilly drowning hazard. Not in the Sala Noire shower. Sprawling, heated, equipped with every possible design of shower spray from every angle. Several hand-held nozzles with different pressures and pulses. A bench and a stool at different heights. A frankly delicious light almond oil that tasted more like dessert than like skin care. Bars to grip for stability when legs trembled.
The energy level was high, the lyrics hilarious, and John was caught up in it until the stanza that punched the air out of his lungs:
man I’d have known I could take it back about being ‘married to my work.’ Instead, you just ... went on heterosexual dates only.”
It’s going to take all of John’s restraint not to buy every dance with Sherlock whether within his abilities or not, just for the pleasure of putting his hand on that slim waist and pretending to guide him round the floor. Holding Sherlock, turning his head into his shoulder and breathing in that heady blend of scents that could make his knees buckle, if John hadn’t had so much practice disguising that reaction.
It has been the eclipse of faith, this endless, solitary, uphill work. I no longer believe I can achieve it at all or that I can ever go home and take up my life again. What I’ve experienced physically, mentally, emotionally, has disintegrated faith, and in doing so has fractured what spurred me to vanquish the dead Moriarty in the first place.
I would change. I could change, and I would. If it didn’t work with Roberto, I would return to London and start my life again. Perhaps rewiring my own hard drive: instead of simply replacing John, I could learn to live in London as I was living in Rome, without the frenzy of the Work. In Rome I lived in a calmer, if anesthetised, equilibrium. It was a notable relief that I could live without the Work after all; if I could do it in Rome, why not in London?
And suddenly I'm alight, elated, so massively relieved that the picture I’d created of Sherlock yearning for Irene Adler bore no resemblance to the truth. Those months of misery were on
Couldn’t do it. The good thing was that I felt the sweetness of the dream still with me, around me. I felt his warm, strong frame in my arms, his arm over mine, his breath on the hand I was resting on his chest, the soft uneven skin between his shoulder blades under my lips as I kissed my way gently over his back.
The mother of all storms (the phrase was a gift from 7Percent) has picked up again with a vengeance. My heart is again breaking for "the countless dead, ah me, the countless, countless dead."
“I’m thinking you read only the part that could be seen as flirtatious, though only if you squint. This time, read the whole thing.”
I studied the photos, which had become so familiar I didn’t really see them anymore. The church of St Stephen Walbrook: I remembered that moment, John standing on a low step staring up at the deep-sea light flooding in through the lantern in the dome. The deep coffering in the ceiling, the leafy capitals atop the columns. I wrapped my arms around him the same way now, just a bit more ... naked.
Literal content, which varied, but most were love songs, and thus not applicable to us. At least his first six songs, in 2011, had reflected my suicide, his sorrow.
I’d think later about whether I really had been that absent (or absent-minded) a father; our point of real contention was a different one.
“Just as well I wasn’t here to ruin it, then.” As he leaned over and retrieved my laptop, I smelled a distinctive combination of shampoo, cologne, and a kind of energetic perspiration that spoke of healthy exertion.
He was quiet for a moment, his shapely hands clasped tightly. “As I said, it’s complicated. John is my best friend, my former flatmate, my partner, the person I trust most in the world. He’s not my lover. Never has been. And now that he has a child to take care of, I rarely see him.”
And my first time back in an operating theatre as the lead surgeon: it was bloody fantastic. Everything was clear, steady, focused, just as it had been before. And I saved a bloke. Well, I saved his leg. And now I knew that that just might have meant saving his life.
, and wait for my response before he puts a hand on me, there or anywhere else. And here he is, waiting for my answer. Trembling, both of us.
“You’re not like Mary. You’re not. You said that I chose her because she was dangerous, like you, but you were wrong that time.”
John sighed; Mike had nailed it. “I really don’t. I’m—happy, and I’ve let myself get fonder of the madman than I realised, perhaps more than I should. Knowing what he says about himself, at least.”
There wasn’t one. At least, that day there wasn’t one. It wasn’t missing, as in out for use or mislaid or misfiled. There was simply no record that there had ever been a report.
“I don’t know, love. I don’t. I only know I’ve wanted you this way from the day I met you, and maybe it
“Things. Objects, habits, activities, routines, anything. Special additions to your sock index? Sexy new colour of shirt? Any new foods?” I kept it light, but Sherlock saw through me.
“Very well, then. Vengeful. Driven.” Mycroft sounded impatient, then continued, more gravely. “The Met has to investigate the vehicular homicide because it was utterly public. But in many ways it is not the real case here. We know something about why it was done, and we will share all the intelligence we have. The real case now is finding Will Simpson, ensuring his survival, and retrieving and deposing him, to bring this criminal organisation to trial. You, Sherlock, will work with Sergeant Donovan on this.”
But apparently it wouldn’t: suddenly I had my hands all over him and was embarrassed to find myself groaning. I had him in the bedroom before I knew it, pulling off his jacket, his shirt, so that his pale skin gleamed in the half-dark. Tugging at his belt. He was frantic too, and when I got the belt and trousers off him he ground out a low
I froze and started laughing. Then the full horror of the idea hit me and I totally lost it, whooping and guffawing and bent double holding my sides while he seesawed between pretending to be offended, and reluctantly giggling. (Yes. Giggling.) Finally I got a grip and we got back to our practice.
In the bathroom the air was steamy, full of the scent of Roberto’s soap. This time I didn’t breathe it in, I pushed it away, instead chasing a memory that I had quite successfully shut out since I’d left John that letter. That letter. I wondered, this time deliberately, what he had thought of it. Had he been repelled? Pitying? Regretful? Had he said again, “Not gay”? “For God’s sake, Sherlock. I’m not gay
After I sent the e-mail, I had some panicked remorse: it might seem not funny but heartless. But on May 20th John, who giggled with me at crime scenes, answered merely:
Dates of issue, perhaps. Though that was chancy: could John be certain the radio station would own and play the version he requested?
Oxygen really was a fine idea. It flooded in, bringing clarity and the delicious scent of John, and he settled a moment before lowering his forehead to John’s shoulder.
Mycroft walked in on my recitation and I didn’t even hear him until his urbane, mordant voice broke in on it.
Sunday evening at 6:30 p.m. I passed Mrs Hudson’s darkened flat, slipped into 221B, and sat in my chair to wait in the dark for John.
“Just let me know when to expect you. We can pick you up wherever you’re arriving, or you can come straight to Baker Street, whichever you like.” The warmth in his tone was unfeigned; he hadn’t let himself realise how much he missed her company, until it was imminent.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how much to tell, how much would be tedious, or horrifying, or possibly enraging.
, and sent the station a request to play for John the 1941 Ink Spots version, as a variation on his choice of Vera Lynn.
He’s up there alone, I’m down here alone. What if this is it. I look back over every time I’ve fallen asleep with him, woken up with him. It’s all in the Mind Palace, every delicious habit, every variant. The morning I was sleeping with my hand palm up on the pillow between us and woke up to the sensation of his cheek, the weight of his head, settling into my palm. The first time I discovered that John tastes even better in the morning than at any other time of the day. The middle of the night when he accidentally woke me by pushing gently, then thrusting, between my thighs and even sleeping, the smooth slide of him against my bollocks was enough to make us both come. What if none of that ever happened again?
, say any of it to you with them watching, it was too private. So I tried to tell you without words, make you laugh one last time.”
We had one distinct surprise in early January, when we received a framed photograph in the mail—of the night of our wedding, from Donovan. Her massive camera had made itself useful. The photo was in black and white, and the flash she’d used made the minuscule raindrops look like tiny confetti. John was looking down and smiling; I was smiling too, looking down at him, my hand on his arm. I don’t remember that moment; mostly I remember staring out at the acquaintances assembled either side of the steps.
Fully three days later—Friday afternoon—we spun to a stop, took a look at each other and our watches, blurted “Rosie!” and “Watson!” in unison, and raced for Baker Street. I was covered in blood, fortunately not mine. Still, I didn’t want Rosie to see it, or even smell it.
As we settled in I looked at Roberto, really observed him, for the first time since I’d texted him “yes.” What I saw was very pleasing—obviously
“Thanks for coming, Sherlock. It’ll really help us to hear your rundown of the crime scene, and whatever you know or suspect about the victim and the murder.” Lestrade was welcoming and appreciative, modeling the behaviour he expected his team to adopt. A far cry from the “freak” days, certainly. Sherlock obliged, reviewing the evidence from the crime scene thoroughly, clearly, and from memory.
My long months of being dead drew to a close more abruptly than I’d thought possible. With some delay I found Mycroft’s secure messages informing me that John was not only being followed, but had been surveilled for some time by someone in his own workplace. I left Serbia at speed and spent two days and three sleepless nights getting to London by surface transport, invisible and untraceable.
It bothered Sherlock, though. Like me, he didn’t let enough people into his life to be able to have any of them at odds. So he asked Molly for coffee. (Not
From the man who can detect a blow job twenty hours after the fact from the state of my knees. (I didn’t say that, though. He still winces at it. I save it for when he’s been a shit and needs taking down a peg.)
In fact, over breakfast he looked sunnier than he had so far. The shadow of thinness and strain that had been so striking that first night in Sneem had dissipated, replaced by a measure of energy and direction that was new. What was John planning?
My immediate problem was cosmetic. My stupidly long hair was clean but ungovernable, and it absolutely didn’t fit the image I wanted to present. I’d always expected to return triumphant, all danger eliminated, all foes vanquished. I’d imagined having a thorough debrief and refurbishment first and then striding back into my own life, surprising John and looking the way he’d always known me.
There was so much to like about Rome, so much to do. I’d even had three fencing lessons. It was an exertion I could control, and it was practice in strategy, speed, agility, and precision—practice that never comes amiss, even though I didn’t often need to defend myself from a criminal wielding a sword. Though of course it wasn’t unheard of.
Sherlock uncrosses his long legs and surges to his feet, the impetus of John’s tug pulling him in close. And John keeps hold of Sherlock’s hand as he says, “No. No, I really wasn’t.”
This ridiculous estrangement made me hesitate, for a bit. Extricating oneself from a marriage is more painful and soul-destroying than leaving a less publicly formalised commitment. But I didn’t hesitate for long. I didn’t
I shifted us so that I could stroke his balls, and it wasn’t long before I felt them tighten, his breath hitch, his straining, leaking cock spasm and spurt so deliciously that I was right behind him. My impatient, self-possessed, commanding Sherlock was completely undone by that sudden flood of joy, and so was I.
“No, he doesn’t. He hasn’t. It’s—hard to pin down. I just don’t—I want—” John rubbed his eyelids with thumb and forefinger, trying to find a better way to phrase it, and Mike took pity.
“Yours does. I had the radio on low and then I heard your violin. I turned it up and then I heard this little trill thingy you do. It couldn’t have been anyone else. So in a way I didn’t find you: you came right into my kitchen and played in my ear.”
He watches with pleasure as Molly accepts another dance with Lestrade, serenely extending a hand to him—she’s riding the elation of knowing that she looks perfect. The chignon was an inspiration, he thinks. It balances the gamine effect of her usual posture and expression, makes her hold her head higher and keeps her from fiddling with her hair. Makes her look more poised, like her stately gown. Later they could work on making her
Sherlock was oddly touched by this. People deserved to know that they were loved. But what if this love was unwelcome? "Were you aware of Mycroft's feelings for you by then?" he asked.
In the bathroom, Sherlock turned on the shower and stepped into the stream of hot water. He wrapped his right hand around his rigid cock, leaned forward, and pushed his left had into the tiled wall for support. Closing his eyes, he allowed the images that had haunted his dreams to play out in his mind: images of John's face as he chased his orgasm, images of John's cock sliding in and out of a body that should have been Sherlock's. He heard the noises John made as he came, saw the straining tendons in his neck as he threw his head back in ecstasy. He wanted John to shout his name, but could not make it happen in his mind.
"Thank you for telling me," Sherlock said. "And thank you for taking care of my brother, I suppose."
Sherlock chuckles and John feels like he is about to melt. And then Sherlock initiates the next kiss and the universe continues to crash down on them. John works a hand between them and cautiously cups the front of Sherlock's trousers. The wanton moan that comes as a response is almost his undoing. Time to move things forward.
I do confess that searched the internet for information on John and Sherlock being a couple right after the meeting. I found a lot of gossip. All wrong, as I found out later.
Before Sherlock could react, John had crossed the distance between them and pulled down Sherlock's head for a kiss that was nothing like the one they had shared in the living room. It was a full assault on Sherlock's senses. He could barely keep up. Lips, tongue, teeth - John did not hold back, and Sherlock loved it. He tried to give back as best as he could and got so aroused in the process that he wondered if he would make it to the end.
Anyhow, I was asked for an anecdote, not an analysis. The event I want to recount is fairly recent. It is the first time I witnessed that John and Sherlock were, at least in my opinion, openly flirting. And misbehaving, as they always do.
The whole story still did not make much sense to Sherlock. He needed to know more. "If you don't mind, how did you meet? How did
There are mistakes which lead to consequences beyond repair. When Mycroft Holmes made a mistake, he paid with his life.
John got up from his chair and leaned over to give Sherlock a chaste, lingering kiss. It took Sherlock a moment to realize what was going on. It was almost over before he could react and kiss back. His whole body was on fire from this simple gesture.
Sherlock smiles and blushes slightly, then rolls his eyes in the back of his head when John slowly begins to stroke. What a sight.
? And by the way, I do hope all the pots I used for making this breakfast have been disinfected by you as promised."
"Alright. Then I am going to address it." Sherlock swallowed. Captain John Watson was making an appearance. Sherlock swallowed again.
"Yes," Thomas said, a fond smile on his face. "I don't exactly know what happened. But he had missed an important meeting due to some unspecified emergency. We should have gotten the final directions for a conference banquet to take place the following day. I got a phone call from one of his PAs at 11pm, announcing his impending arrival at my home. Mycroft was there ten minutes later. We were sitting in this room, just like you and I are now, until long past midnight and discussed seating orders, breaks between meals, all the usual details."
John, on the other hand, did his best to make me feel comfortable. He offered me tea, while chatting with me from the kitchen. Sherlock remained in stasis next to me. John acted as if all this were normal. After handing me my cup of tea, he sat down in his chair and got his notepad ready.
"Ah, good morning Mrs. Hudson. I suppose your night with Mr. Chatterjee was a satisfactory one." Sherlock blurts out.
Sherlock opened his arms and tried to look as welcoming as possible. And then it all fell into place. John moved forward and Sherlock wrapped his arms around him. It felt better than Sherlock could ever have imagined. John's warm body fit against his own perfectly. Sherlock relaxed into the embrace. John's face had come to rest on Sherlock's shoulder again, and his lips moved along Sherlock's skin, almost as if he were kissing him. Sherlock desperately wanted to be kissed by John. He dropped his head into John's hair and began to move his lips the way John did.
John does not let himself be put off. "I am beginning to think I am not. And it's fine. More than fine, really. For me at least."
Oh Sherlock. John's heart breaks a little. He finds Sherlock's insecurity somewhat endearing but still ... a bit not good. "Sherlock, stop it. There is nothing to be embarrassed about. If you want to know, I am in a similar state right now. But if you are uncomfortable and want to stop it's fine. And if you want to continue, we can continue. It does not matter if it's over in thirty seconds or if you come in your pants. Hell, if I were wearing any, I would be at a risk myself." Sherlock smiles at this.
What happened next was... nothing. Sherlock just sat there, avoiding my gaze. John also just sat there, completely at ease, as if three people facing each other in silence were the natural course of things. I wanted to say something, report on my case, but somehow this felt wrong. So I just stared at the skull on the mantelpiece and tried make sense of the people and the place. Very much in vain, I must say.
"Shit, indeed." Sherlock tried to hide his face in John's shoulder, as if this could offer any protection.
There is a knock at the kitchen door. John actually has to say "Come in." before Mrs. Hudson dares to enter the flat with a tray of freshly baked scones in her hands.
"Okay, I think it would be best if you started with what you are used to. It will make it easier for you to relax."
I decided to walk into the room to interfere. John had just discovered the skull. Sherlock was stumbling over his words. It was clear to me that they wanted to move in together, but did not quite know how to accomplish this. So I did my best to make John feel welcome. I asked if he liked the flat and pointed out the second bedroom.
"Oh," John said with a sheepish grin, "but I don't have a girlfriend. If I had, you'd probably know before me."
Sherlock does not waste a moment and starts moving. John feels electricity run through his body the first time their cocks slide along each other.
John forced Sherlock to face him. He looked very serious. "Yes, Sherlock, that's probably true. So let me be very clear. This is what I want. This is what I have wanted for a long time. I would not want it any other way. No matter what will happen. You are not responsible for me." John grabbed his face and kissed him. Forcefully. Passionately. Sherlock's world was spinning.
Sherlock gathered his courage and reached for John's left shoulder. A faint touch. Soft. Warm. Calm. Sherlock tilted his head a little. He noticed that John did the same. And then they were kissing. It was an innocent kiss. Tender and chaste. No tongue, no teeth, just lips on lips. Sherlock knew he would treasure this moment for the rest of his life. What an idiot he had been to keep this from himself and from John for so long! Sherlock broke the kiss and crushed John in his arms. He noticed that he was shaking. He tightened his grip on John. John held him firmly.
By the time wine and cheese were served, two more affairs had been uncovered, one among three persons at the table. Some of the guests had begun to take notice of the goings-on and looked slightly exasperated.
"What you failed to notice is," John continued, "that I have been flirting with you too. I thought I was being blatantly obvious."
"What case? I don't know of any case." He paused for a moment to think. "You don't mean Marilyn's thing, do you?" Sherlock walked faster.
"It's alright. You are entitled to know." He took a generous sip from his drink. "We met over a decade ago. I had worked as a banquet manager at various luxury hotels all over the world before I was approached by the Foreign Office. Mycroft already was at the top of the hierarchy when I started to work there. He was only a few years older than me, and younger than most of those in the inner circle, but everyone seemed to take orders from him. I was impressed and intimidated at first, just like anyone else. Nobody seemed to want to tell me what his actual position at the Foreign Office was. By now I think that no one really knew. Everybody seems to know Mycroft Holmes as a different person."
Sherlock did not have to be told twice. He manhandled John into a sitting position and pulled the T-shirt over his head, then pushed him back onto the mattress to remove his shorts. Once he had pulled them off and thrown them across the room he stopped short. John was gorgeous. His cock in particular. Long and thick and leaking all over his belly. Sherlock knew instantly that he wanted to have it inside of him in every possible way. But maybe not this first time.
The word "sexual" out of Sherlock's mouth does things to John. Time to end this charade. John suddenly feels very calm. Into battle. "Sherlock," he begins cautiously, "I don't think you meant that. Um. Did you actually want me to make a pass at you?"
Sherlock woke with a start. It took him a moment to realise where he was. And another moment to become aware of the warm mass covering his chest.
Sherlock felt cornered. He was about to deny everything. However, John did not sound as if he was accusing Sherlock of anything. He merely seemed to state a fact. Sherlock had to admit to himself that John was not wrong. Perhaps it was time for a counter attack.
There seemed to be a brief flash of regret on John's face. Sherlock did not know what to make of this. Perhaps he was beginning to hallucinate in his sleep-deprived state. What Sherlock's fatigued brain also noticed somewhat delayed was that John had just invited Sherlock into his bed. And that Sherlock's reply had clearly implied that Sherlock had not considered the idea of sharing.
"No need to be alarmed, Sherlock." John tries his best to sound calm and reasonable, which turns out to be rather challenging. "I was not making a pass at you. I was merely commenting on the fact that the only person getting laid in this house is our 79-year-old landlady."
," as his brain supplied him with memories of numerous occasions where John had, in fact, flirted with him.
Sherlock could not believe his luck. It was all so real. The motion of the mattress as John was making himself comfortable, John's faint clean smell. Sherlock wanted to move closer to wrap himself around John, to breathe him in, but this was not an option of course. John, ever the caretaker, was just helping a friend in need once again.
Unsurprisingly, there was a woman in the room. She was naked, kneeling on the bed, arse up in the air, her face planted onto the mattress and covered by a mess of long, brown hair. Low, guttural moans emerged from beneath the pile of hair. Sherlock was no expert, but he has quite certain that this was the noise women made when they were recovering from an extremely powerful orgasm.
Three days later, Sergeant Monroe got an email from Sherlock, suggesting a career in garbage disposal. Greg was relieved.
"More than alright." Sherlock was both relieved and afraid. Relieved because he had found to courage to say what he had meant to say for ages, afraid of John's reaction. He felt a sudden need to qualify his statement. "That is, only if you want to."
When John emerges from the bathroom in his dressing gown he finds Sherlock on the sofa, eyes closed, in his characteristic thinking pose. John is trying to gather his courage to say something. Moments pass. John is standing in the middle of the sitting room staring at Sherlock. He is at a loss about what to do next. His mind is blank. Suddenly, Sherlock jumps up from the sofa, plants himself in front of John and stares down at him with those inquisitive eyes.
Still, it was over within minutes. Sherlock came so hard he even blacked out for a moment. Once he was able to catch his breath, he rinsed the remains of his orgasm off the tiles. He proceeded to wash himself thoroughly, stepped out of the shower and dried himself off with a towel. He moved to the mirror in order to take care of his hair, as he usually did. Instead, he ended up sitting on the toilet, his face cradled in his hands.
I had not expected that. "Yes, that would be great," I said, "but you won't injure him, will you?" There was a knife stuck in the mantelpiece. I was slightly worried.
Sherlock pushed against him in reply. John withdrew an inch and pushed back in with quite some force. He groaned as he picked up speed. Each stroke pushed Sherlock's cock into John's fist. There was no way Sherlock could quantify the pleasure he was feeling.  He was quickly losing control, his moans muffled by the mattress.
"Sherlock." John's voice was calm and commanding now. "Unless you have serious doubts about this whole thing, could you please stop analysing and get the hell on with what you've been doing? Because it's bloody hot, you know."
Sherlock felt exposed. He had never considered the possibility of someone being present while he was doing this to himself.
He pushes Sherlock towards the sofa and they sit down facing each other and kiss some more. John's hands start to explore Sherlock's back and torso. Sherlock seems to be too shy or too overwhelmed to reciprocate. It looks like he is completely lost in the sensation. John can barely believe his luck to be allowed to see this. After a while Sherlock slowly reclines on the sofa and pulls John on top of him. John very much approves of the change of position. He takes the opportunity to open the two top buttons of Sherlock's shirt and assaults his neck with his mouth.
It was John's typical mix of anger and sarcasm that brought Sherlock back to his senses. He turned on his heels and fled the scene. He was halfway through the flat when he noticed the tight feeling in his trousers.
"Boys?" Sherlock looked at John, helpless. John's eyebrows performed the equivalent of a clueless shrug.
The story I want to tell may be a little embarrassing for me. But this is for John and Sherlock, so I am happy to make a bit of a fool of myself.
Twenty minutes later Sherlock found himself in a street that was lined with a string of identical-looking narrow houses. He rang the doorbell. After a few moments the man from the funeral opened the door. Sherlock's brain went into action. Personal grooming indicates meticulous attention to detail and manners. Not pets, at least no hairy ones. Frequent traveller. Married. Married? That did not make any sense. Everything in his appearance indicated that the man was unattached and living for whatever the Foreign Office employed him for. Where had this come from? Sherlock scanned the person in front of him again and found the origin of the deduction: a simple golden ring on the man's right hand. It looked like a wedding band. Actually, it looked exactly like the ring that Mycroft had been wearing for eight years. Until his death. Sherlock had been curious when he had first noticed the ring on Mycroft. It had been clear that Mycroft had expected him to ask about it. So, of course, Sherlock had not asked. Mycroft, however, had made sure that there hadn't been any clues from which Sherlock could have deduced the story behind the ring. A case unsolved. Until today.
In the end they somehow managed to pull their heads out of their respective arses without my help. We are all very happy about this, and it is an honour to be Sherlock's best man. (And damn you, Mike, for having this idea. What am I supposed to come up with now?)
"Barely a Two,'' Sherlock corrected. Only Lestrade could believe this sad excuse for a case was a Four.
John got up and walked me to the door. "Thank you for coming to us." Sherlock had returned to ignoring me.
He had always been showing off like that, in this very physical way. However, it was my impression that this behaviour had been intensifying with the appearance of John. And here comes the part that is embarrassing for me. I thought that Sherlock did it all for my benefit. I had been subtly communicating my interest for quite some time, and I actually believed that he was flirting with me.
The rest is well-known history. John did move in, just as Sherlock had predicted, and they became the detective and the blogger. I was optimistic that they would eventually figure out the rest, too. There were so many moments where I thought they already had, and it still hurts me to know what they to go through, before they finally got what they had wanted from the very beginning. How they managed in the end, is their story to tell, but I am quite certain that I was the first to know.
Sherlock was delighted to see that John's penis twitched at this suggestion. The rest of John seemed to agree, too. Sherlock let himself be pulled towards the bathroom. Perhaps the bedroom could wait a bit longer.
There was a knock at the door. "Sherlock?" Mrs. Hudson peeked through the living room door. "Sherlock. There is someone who wants to see you. Can I let him in?"
"Well, he is not really my brother-in-law." John did not comment on this, but his expression changed to his familiar
John immediately regrets the last remark. Sherlock's eyes flash up for a moment but he does not seem to want to dwell on the past either.
Sherlock was, once again, overcome by sensations: the smoothness of the tip, the salty taste, the silky texture of the shaft against his lips, the thick vein straining underneath, the glorious musky smell that screamed sex in capital letters, the minute thrusts of John's hips. Sherlock wanted to keep doing this forever.
"Um..." Sherlock's self-flagellation was interrupted when he realised that John was actually still sitting in his chair across from him, currently biting his lower lip.
When Sherlock woke again the light of dawn was peeking through the half-closed curtains. Sherlock's right arm was stretched across the mattress. John's head was resting comfortably on his right shoulder. His right hand was touching Sherlock's neck as if it were feeling for his pulse. John was breathing quietly, obviously fast asleep. Sherlock tried to hold still in order not to wake John again, but then he could not resist the temptation and carefully bent his outstretched arm to place it on John's shoulder. John stirred but did not wake up. Sherlock turned his head slightly and smelled John's hair. If only he could wake up like this every day.
A loud "Ahh" coming from John got Sherlock's attention. Somehow, they had made it to the corridor, where Sherlock was not-so-gently pushing John against a wall. As far as he could tell, Sherlock was in the process of ravishing John Watson. What an unexpected turn of events. How had this escalated so quickly?
Recently, Sherlock had observed that these late afternoons tended to extend into early evenings, until Rosie demanded her dinner. After feeding her, John usually was reluctant to transport his sleepy daughter back to his flat, which meant that he would spend the night on Sherlock's sofa.
John continued. "It is up to you to make it better. Not just for yourself, but also for those who come after you. You can make a difference if you help us now."
"It was actually a bit surreal. Molly had insisted on taking Rosie, said that I needed some time for myself. So I went to the coffee shop to get some breakfast, and well, there was this woman in the queue behind me. They had some technical problems, and we had to wait for quite some time. So we chatted a bit, and it was nice, and both or us seemed to be in the same mood..."
At some point they both noticed that there was someone else in the room. Sherlock gave me a brief sideways glance. This made John stop mid-sentence. He turned towards me, looking slightly embarrassed.
"Your medical record tells otherwise,'' John said. Sherlock, who was standing next to me, slightly winced at this.
This changed after Sherlock returned from his staged death. John, then engaged to be married, had stubbornly decided to move on. Sherlock's behaviour at the time could only be described as love-sick. His actions became increasingly unreasonable, soon bordering on self-destruction.
"I think I can take care of myself for the next eight hours. I'll go through some old case files or something."
"Oh, nothing in particular." John replies somewhat too quickly. "It was a nice case, wasn't it? Just like old times."
Sherlock slipped out of his chair. John opened his legs in invitation and Sherlock knelt in front of him. Then he leaned forward to close the distance between them and waited.
Sherlock understood. He was beginning to see that he himself knew very little about his brother. He had missed something essential. He had even chosen not to see it.
"Yes, of course. I wanted everything. I would have taken any risk. But I was not given this choice, and I knew that. Mycroft knew what he was doing and I understand his decision. I loved him for who he was and I accepted that we would not be a couple in the conventional sense. It was good the way it was. And now that I have the confirmation of his feelings for me, the memory of us will always be perfect in my mind."
John realizes that Sherlock may need some more control over the situation. So he attempts to reverse their positions. It's somewhat tricky in the confined space of the sofa but somehow they manage and Sherlock ends up on top of John, kneeling between his legs. He still looks a bit clueless. John just smiles at him and leans up to place a tender kiss on Sherlock's mouth.
All in all, Sherlock found the current situation agreeable but not perfect. Certainly, the arrangement was a massive improvement compared to the events of the past two years. Sherlock had John back, sort of, and having the girl around was surprisingly OK. Technically, John and Rosie were not living at Baker Street. However, after John had decided to cut down his hours at the surgery in favour of case work with Sherlock, it had turned out that Rosie needed a place to nap and, as this afternoon's events showed, a place to store spare clothes and all kinds of other supplies.
That's when the boy broke down. He talked for an hour. Terrible things. John helped him through it, asking the right questions at the right time, reassuring him when necessary.
I'd had a high opinion about John before this case, but he really impressed me that day. By the look on Sherlock's face, he was beyond impressed. He looked like someone who had only now realised, how amazing the person was, that he all too often took for granted. I believe I saw some regret behind all the excitement.
What happens next is not exactly as John has planned. He finds his knees go weak at the realization of the events currently taking place. He is kissing Sherlock. Finally. After everything they have been through. John's world is spinning. He is about to faint from a kiss. How embarrassing. Luckily it does not come to that because a pair of strong arms has gone around his waist, holding him firmly in place, while Sherlock is kissing back with surprising enthusiasm. And he is making those amazing little noises. John is crushing Sherlock against him, deepening the kiss further.
Sherlock removed his fingers and waited to see what John had in mind. John sat up and knelt between Sherlock's legs. He lubed up his fingers.
Sherlock could not suppress a grin. Inappropriate. "It cannot be denied that my brother had an inclination towards the dramatic. It runs in the family."
They climbed the stairs in silence. John's bedroom door was open. John stepped inside, but stopped right after crossing the threshold. Sherlock stood next to him, pillow and blanket in his hands. He did not know what the protocol was. Neither did John, it seemed. So they just stood there, staring at John's bed. The bed was a bit smaller than Sherlock's but looked comfortable enough. It was pushed into the far right corner of the small room, so one could only get in from the left side. There was a bedside table with two books, a box of tissues and a water bottle on it.
"Mr. Holmes?" The inquisitive expression and soft smile indicated that Sherlock had been staring for too long. "Mr Holmes, I have been expecting you. Please come in."
Surprisingly, I did get an answer: "Dear Ms. Smith, Sherlock Holmes is interested in your case. Please visit us at Baker Street on Thursday afternoon. Kind regards, John Watson."
"You may not be entirely wrong, sir," the man said, unfazed by Sherlock's rudeness. He pulled a folder from his briefcase. "Mr. Holmes has arranged for you to have this in case of his death." He put the file down on the small table next to John's chair. "Good day, Mr. Holmes."
The dinner started without noteworthy incidents, and I was tempted to compliment myself on my choice of venue. However, I should have known better than to underestimate my brother's ability to cause trouble.
Only in recent times, triggered by events that were traumatic for both of them, there was a shift in their relationship. After these events I had the impression, that they openly acknowledged how important they were for each other. Personally, I have no understanding why romantic entanglements are something to be desired. For a long time, I thought that my brother and I were alike in this respect. It appears that I have been mistaken.
Sherlock did not know how to respond to that. Thomas noticed. "I am sorry. I made you uncomfortable."
"And now let us take a minute of silence to commemorate the role Mycroft Holmes has played in our lives." Sherlock knew that a minute was not enough to do this justice. He was still in the process of realizing the impact Mycroft had had on him, and the even greater impact of not having him in his life anymore. He knew it would take weeks, months even, to fully come to terms with the situation.
John shook his head and laughed. "You may not believe it, but yes, this is pretty much what happened. And, for the record, she picked me."
Covering two fingers with lube, Sherlock reached behind his balls. Normally, he would think of something that he found arousing, mostly John, and go to work on himself as efficiently as possible. Oddly enough, it felt wrong to think about John now that he was in the same room with him. Sherlock was at a loss. The problem solved itself as soon as he began circling his hole with his fingers. John's reaction was immediate. His breath hitched, and his cock twitched and plumped out visibly. Sherlock continued, and pushed a first finger inside. He spread his legs further in order to give John a better view. It started to feel good. Out of habit, he touched his cock and testicles with the other hand.
They quickly find a rhythm. John is halfway out of his mind with pleasure. The room is filled with urgent grunts and moans and the noise of two bodies moving together. And then Sherlock is there. John feels the wetness spread as Sherlock comes all over his belly. His mouth is open, his eyes squeezed shut. It's the most beautiful thing John has ever seen. The look on Sherlock's face is what dives John over the edge. The orgasm is so strong that he blacks out for a moment.
Oddly, it was not Sherlock's fault. It was entirely the fault of a rusty pipe, as it was bound to occur in an old building. Strictly speaking, it was not the pipe's fault either. It had only caused a wet spot behind Sherlock's bed, which was annoying enough, but could have been bearable. But then those two imbecilic plumbers has appeared, who, in a joint effort of incompetence, had flooded Sherlock's bedroom and, most notably, Sherlock's bed. As a consequence, the bed frame was currently on the wrong end of the room and the mattress was standing up next to the window to dry. The pipe had been fixed, but it would take at least three more days before Sherlock's room could be considered habitable again.
John raised his eyebrows in concern. "You know, this does not convince me. Is there anything else? It's okay if there is."
What?! "Sherlock, what the hell is that supposed to mean?" John is confused. This was decidedly not the response he had expected from Sherlock.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth moved upwards. I noticed that his breathing was slightly accelerated. At first I thought, that he was excited about John's approach to get the boy to talk. In hindsight, I would say he was just excited about John (yes, I know what I'm implying).
"Sherlock. We can do that. I've never thought you would...," John was shaking his head in disbelief. "God, we're two idiots."
He cleared his throat. "Well, Miss Smith, if you don't mind, we are going to take care of your situation."
Sherlock was at a funeral. His brother's funeral. To his right stood his parents, their faces grief-stricken but composed. To his left stood John. There were a few other people: Greg Lestrade, Molly Hooper, two almost identical-looking dark-haired women, a few other people Sherlock recognized as members of Mycroft's household staff. Official England has expressed its condolences but stayed away. Mycroft was not the kind of public figure who got a pompous funeral. This was a family matter, organized by someone who was, officially, not family: John.
Sherlock hooked his thumb around his cock to hold it in place, then reached for John's. They both exhaled loudly when their lengths aligned. John's left hand cupped Sherlock's, and together, they began to stroke.
I have been aware of my brother's affection for John Watson for a long time. Loyalty and friendship were there from the very beginning. As far as a more carnal side of their relationship was concerned, I simply considered it of no importance.
Sherlock must have fallen asleep again. When he opened his eyes it was bright day outside and John was about to disentangle himself from Sherlock. Sherlock stretched his legs in order to let John know that he was awake.
as you all know, the big day is approaching. As John has made me his best man, it is my traditional responsibility to thoroughly embarrass our two grooms in the presence of their families and friends. For this I need your help.
It sounded like a challenge, something Sherlock normally would accept with enthusiasm. Now, his courage had disappeared without a trace.
John mentally steels himself for a kick in the groin before he reaches up with his left hand to hold on to Sherlock's nape. He can't help threading his fingers through the curls he finds there. He meets no restraint when he is pulling down Sherlock's head. He slowly strokes over Sherlock's cheek with his right hand before he angles his head and stands on tiptoes to touch his lips to Sherlock's.
"Come back down here." Sherlock obeyed and kneeled between John's legs. He leaned forward. John met him halfway for a passionate kiss. Sherlock's cock twitched in response. He felt a drop of fluid leak on John's belly below him.
"Want to try again?" John's suggestive voice sent a spark of arousal through Sherlock's body. Definitely flirting.
to leave John out of the equation. Now it seemed that, after all this time, it was coming back at him again.
That did not really lighten the mood. Quite the opposite, actually. John was shaking his head rather vigorously. "No Sherlock, this is a completely new dimension! He ruined this man's life!"
"What I mean is...," Sherlock swallowed, "What I mean is that I want this for myself. With you. Wanted it for a long time. When I saw you with that woman yesterday, I saw how good it could be. I wanted to be in her place. And now you are telling me you have done this with men. John, this changes everything, and I don't know how to deal with it. I am sorry if this..."
"What are you doing here in the dark?" John sounded slightly worried as he turned on the lights in the living room. "Is everything alright? I brought dinner." He held up two plastic bags. Indian.  "I'll make us some tea."
John rested his head on Sherlock's back for a moment, then reached under Sherlock so that they both dropped onto their sides. Quickly discarding the condom, John pushed himself against Sherlock's body from behind and kissed his shoulder blades.
I noticed embarrassingly late. Sherlock would say it's because I'm an idiot. In this case, however, Sherlock is actually the bigger idiot, because he noticed even later than I did.
There had to be other options. Sherlock could pack his things and simply disappear from London without a word, perhaps go back to the Buddhist monastery he visited years ago. Or, he could stage his own death. That had not worked so well last time, though.
"I think we have to talk about what happened yesterday," John continued. He moved to sit down in his chair.
After a week the stalking stopped. Much later, John confessed to me that Sherlock did not take my case because he found it exciting ("barely a three"). He rather was interested in my profession. I don't think it is a big secret that Sherlock has his eyes and ears all over London. He simply wanted to recruit me. Well, it worked and I am even happier about the friendship has that developed over the years.
"Sherlock!!" both Mrs. Hudson and John stare at Sherlock in disbelief. John makes a mental note to stop staring in disbelief every time Sherlock exhibits typical behaviour.
Mrs. Hudson seems to be the first to find words. "How did you get this idea anyway?" Then she stops short, some kind of realization hitting her. "No, wait. Don't tell me. I am not in the mood for one of your deductions right now."
Sherlock was about to figure out the code, when I noticed a pattern myself -- not on the model's body but rather in Sherlock's motions. He seemed to position himself in such a way that, whenever he bent over the corpse, his behind was directed at John. John seemed to notice too. He was more careful after I had caught him staring, but he still managed to look up precisely at  the right moments to catch an eyeful.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Love makes stupid people more stupid. Saw you again. Got overwhelmed by hormones. Got himself a job at the insurance company. Found out your schedule. Classic stalking situation. No mystery."
"Boys? Are you in? I wonder if you would mind if Rosie and I had a little girls' night tonight. I could take her to the pasta place she likes so much, and maybe she could sleep in my flat tonight?"
Sherlock felt the need to explain himself once again. "John, your life was at stake. There was a sniper aiming at you. You could not have come with me. I could not have guaranteed for your safety."
"You know what? Why don't you come with us?" John whispered between kisses. "I'll cook us something nice and we can discuss, well..., all this. And you can stay overnight if you want. You know, for round two."
Sherlock nodded. It made sense. He had come to this place, expecting to find a secret lover. But what he had found instead was pure Mycroft. Mycroft had always told him not to get involved, and it seemed that he had been following his own advice, despite everything. In the end he had managed to keep the person he loved safe. And that was what true, selfless love was about, wasn't it? To ensure the other's well-being on top of everything else.
I met John and Sherlock as a client. A few years ago I had a problem with a stalker. I am a bicycle courier. My job is to transport documents between companies across town. I usually do not know any details about these documents, but when I urgently have to go back and forth between banks, government agencies and company headquarters, I can tell that I am not just transporting the canteen menu.
Sherlock put a new slide into the microscope. His collection was coming along nicely. He had not anticipated that the arrival of an infant in his life would actually benefit his research. The regular walks in Regent's park with Rosie and John had given him the idea. Five more months, and his chronology of soil samples would be complete. The seasonal changes in pollen, fungi and microbes were fascinating.
"No. If anything, our meetings became more relaxed. He had made his standpoint clear and I had accepted it. We kept meeting at my home on a regular basis. He clearly enjoyed my company. I adored him and did not do much to hide it. I am glad that the message has come across, given what he wrote in that letter. Mycroft deserved to know that he was loved."
"No I have not. But you obviously masturbate in here on a regular basis, as I can tell from the strategically placed box of tissues. Knowing that you fully indulge in any of your pastimes it was obvious that there would be a bottle of high-grade lubricant in here."
Right after he passed the bus stop, John appeared on his bicycle and followed us until I had reached my destination.
John was in the shower. There had been a small incident that involved Rosie testing the effects of a massive object (in this case herself) hitting a muddy puddle with considerable force (said force created by jumping). John, who had not been as keen on the outcome of the experiment, had tried to stop her. It only served him right that he ended up covered in dirt up to his knees. Sherlock strongly disagreed with John's attempts to interfere with his daughter's scientific endeavours.
"Yes, exactly!" John's voice was getting loud again. "He'd rather be dead than alone and miserable. You just told me that he said he'd wanted everything with Mycroft. Well, what did he get? A dramatic declaration from beyond the grave and a stupid golden ring. And there's nothing he can do about it anymore. Mycroft did not even give him the chance to say it back. That he loved him. The poor bloke will never get closure."
Sherlock knew that John was wrong about the last thing. Women usually took an interest in John, and John knew how to flirt. He would have no problem finding other women for casual sex.
After John had left, Sherlock moved to his chair. He was intent on doing some work, but his mind had decided to obsess about the funeral. This mysterious man standing in the distance. Who was he? Sherlock had never seen him before. His facial expression had been well-guarded but still he had looked like someone who had known Mycroft, and was affected by his death. A friend? Definitely not an enemy.
"And before you say no." John lifted his index finger in an advance attempt to get Sherlock to shut up. "This is not the first time I have noticed this. And, well, I get the impression that you have been doing this more often lately."
Sherlock could not believe his luck. He scooted backwards and bent down. Wasting no time, he took John in his mouth.
Stopping was the last thing on Sherlock's mind. All he wanted was for John to give up his last bit of control. He moaned around John's cock at this prospect.
"Sherlock, you have not slept in two days. Since we have finished eating, you have been yawning every two minutes." Sherlock looked up and found John's raised eyebrows aimed at him.
Sherlock understood. He was glad that John was taking the lead. John had not asked about his history, but it seemed that he had come to the right conclusions.
"Yes, let's do it." John looked up at Sherlock. "Do you want to turn over? We can also try face to face. It's more difficult, but it's an option."
"Yeah. I have to say, I was not really picky when it came to sex back in those days. I took every chance that presented itself. Got me quite a reputation. Girls do like soldiers. But the thing is, out in the desert, you won't find that many. But," John looked Sherlock straight in the eye, "there are other opportunities, and I found that I enjoyed them just as much as the girls."
Sherlock moaned loudly. John reached up to cup Sherlock's face and kissed him tenderly. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and kissed back with enthusiasm. Nothing had ever felt so good. Sherlock felt as if he was about to burst with happiness. And arousal.
It's 11 a.m. on a Friday and John is having his first breakfast of the week. After fourteen hours of undisturbed sleep he is looking forward to a quiet weekend. It had been a good case: a bit of chase, a bit of gore, a lot of praise for Sherlock and a pay cheque that would allow them to spend the rest of the year in sunny Tuscany. Not that this is a realistic option with Sherlock.
The lay side by side for some time. Sherlock's brain was slowly coming back online - and it had questions.
"Oh! It's a code, John," was all it took to make John forget all his grumpiness and to jump to Sherlock's side.
After Sherlock had stopped talking, John was staring at him in utter disbelief. Sherlock waited for him to say something. Nothing. Just more staring.
Thankfully, Sherlock's phone buzzed before he could finish the thought. It was an email from Sergeant Monroe (for some reason his nickname was Marilyn), a new member of Lestrade's team. He requested help on a case. Sherlock took a brief look through the file attached to the message and shook his head. Barely a Two, maybe even a One. It had become a recent fashion among London's criminals to report the crimes they had committed to the police in order be excluded as possible suspects. It worked remarkably well with the idiots from NSY.
When the port arrived, John and Sherlock had dropped most of the etiquette and were communicating in barely concealed snorts and giggles. Fortunately, smoking is out of fashion, even in these circles. If there had been cigars, John and Sherlock may have cost me my membership.
That hurt. It must have been written all over Sherlock's face because John's apology was immediate. "I am sorry, Sherlock, this was uncalled for." John was very good at reading people, but this also meant that he knew where to hit them.
John started to move his hips in time with the motion of their hands. Sherlock joined in and they found a rhythm easily. It was pure bliss. Sherlock had had no idea that sex could feel this good.
Oh no. What if Sherlock rolled over in his sleep and wrapped himself around John's deliciously warm body? Or worse, what if he got an erection? Sherlock cursed himself for his own courage.
When his brain resumes its function John finds Sherlock curled up on top of him, his head hidden in the crook of John's neck. Sherlock's shirt is soaking up their combined ejaculate. How romantic. They are both trying to catch their breath.
"Mycroft." Sherlock said to the empty room, shaking his head. Leave it to his brother to present Sherlock with a mystery surrounding his own death. Before he could really think about it, Sherlock was out of the door, telling the cabbie to take him to the address in the file.
John complies and opens his dressing gown. His cock is leaking copiously onto his belly. Sherlock just stares in awe.
The kiss lasted for a long glorious moment. John pulled away to face Sherlock once more. "I know it's a bit ridiculous," he said, "but let's go and visit Mycroft's grave tomorrow. I feel like I have to thank him in person."
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. "I have to admit that I had not anticipated that you would be so affected." Sherlock waited for John's anger to hit him with full force.
Sherlock smiled. There had been a time when John had not been in the mood to quietly joke about the incident. "Yes, it's a bit more relaxed without the snake."
"Sherlock. I am officially going to make a pass at you now right now." John explains. "If you do not want this, you have five seconds to stop me."
He made a half-heartened attempt to pull John towards his bedroom. It seemed that neither of them could muster enough control to walk the remaining few steps. Sherlock shot a helpless glance at John, who gave him the dirtiest look he had ever seen (not that Sherlock had a lot of experience in this area), and started to slide down against the wall.
While John feels like a heavy weight has been lifted off his shoulders, Sherlock seems to have gone into shock for the second time today. He is standing there, rooted to the spot, an incredulous expression painted on his face. John decides to go in for the kill.
Most of my income comes from clients who use my services on a regular basis. One of them was an insurance company that had documents transported to a bank in the City, three mornings a week. At some point I noticed that a man was following me. He always appeared near St. Paul's, then followed me on his bicycle until I reached my destination. He was there every time I had the assignment, irrespective of weather, weekday or the traffic situation.
Considering the fact that his palms were sweating, that his heart rate was dangerously elevated and that he had trouble keeping his breathing under control, Sherlock found he had done an acceptable job getting this out.
For some reason this made Sherlock extremely happy. He had to restrain himself from kissing John. Being in bed with him made this considerably harder.
John is usually very restrained when it comes to his body language. It was perhaps due to his fatigue that he let it show. I don't think he was consciously aware of what he was doing. When John noticed that I was looking at him, he hastily picked out his phone to look something up.
As soon as John's hand had closed around him, Sherlock started to come. Reality disappeared around him.
Sherlock was taken aback by the force of John's reaction. He did not know what to say. Sarcasm maybe? "Well, that's not exactly news."
Sherlock grabbed John by the lapels of his bathrobe and pulled him close. John grabbed Sherlock's waist and held on.
Sherlock was not stupid. He had expected this to happen sooner or later. John was a catch: physically attractive, middle-aged doctor, devoted father, and for all Sherlock could tell from the very recent first-hand, or rather second-hand, experience, a sex god. No wonder that every boring teacher, every sexually frustrated divorced house wife, every career woman with a ticking biological clock, every psychotic assassin-turned-nurse-turned-assassin was after John.
Sherlock bent down to kiss John again. He put all of his desire into the kiss, assaulting John's mouth with his tongue. John matched him step by step, urging him on by pulling him closer. The kiss was messy, bordering obscene, and not enough.
"John..." Sherlock moans and arches into the touch. Then a pair of large hands is squeezing John's arse and, god, it feels amazing. John, who is painfully hard by now, cannot help but rock his hips against Sherlock's body a few times. Sherlock responds to this by countering John's movements with his own hips. John looks at Sherlock's face and sees some hesitance there. Sherlock's eyes are silently asking him if he is doing fine.
"Obviously." John sounded resigned. "But this man would have accepted this risk. That's what he told you. But your brother did not even give him a chance to voice his opinion."
Mrs. Hudson decides to make a hasty escape. "Well, I'd better go back downstairs. If you'd like some biscuits you know where to find me."
John reached between them with his left hand to align himself and pushed. Nothing could have prepared Sherlock for the feeling of John inside of him - full and hot and tight, every tiny motion sent shivers through his body. Sherlock's cock was throbbing and leaked copiously onto the sheets. Once John was all the way in, he reached around to grab Sherlock's cock. Sherlock instinctively pushed forward.
Sherlock walked over to bedside table to retrieve the bottle and threw it on the bed. "Do we need the condom?" he asked.
Sherlock did not know what to do with himself, so he went back to the living room and sat in his chair. John reemerged, now dressed in light blue boxer shorts and a white T-shirt and sat down in his chair.
"No, Sherlock, what Mycroft did was to make a fundamental decision that affected both their lives. He did that all on his own. He completely left out the person he claimed to love. This is
Also, John always had girlfriends. On the other hand, he never had them for long. One could have thought of an obvious reason for this, but I didn't. I'm an idiot, I know.
Finally, after what seemed an eternity, John looked over at Sherlock, raised his eyebrows and then turned towards me.
John took hold of his softening penis to keep the condom from slipping off. He was preparing to collapse on the bed when he became aware of Sherlock's presence.
As a consequence, John's bedroom had been turned into a makeshift nursery. On days, when John did not have any other obligations, they usually arrived for brunch (courtesy of Mrs. Hudson) and stayed until late afternoon.
Sherlock still was not clear what this implied. "You mean you want to do with me what you did with her?"
"What's the matter? Are you alright?" John asks, worried that he has overstepped a line in his eagerness.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "I was just surprised that you didn't tell me you had a girlfriend." So much was true.
John exhaled loudly and began to stroke Sherlock's chest. Sherlock could not suppress a moan when John brushed his left nipple through the T-shirt. He felt his cock twitch in his pyjama pants. John lifted his head and smiled at Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded as John left. A moment later John was back, now pointing in the general direction of the upstairs bedroom.
A low-pitched noise coming from John made Sherlock look up at his face again. John's eyes were squeezed shut now, his mouth hung open. His whole body was trembling, the strokes now short and shallow. Sherlock could make out the exact moment John's orgasm struck. His face relaxed and he threw his head back, a series of moans escaping his mouth. His whole body shook as he rode out the waves. Eventually, John's movements slowed.
Sherlock understood what kind of decision was asked from him. Less than an hour ago he would have been certain that there was only one right way to proceed. He still believed that. But what he considered to be the right thing had changed quite drastically.
John thought for a moment, then started to laugh when he understood what Sherlock meant. "Yes, but that was not for sleeping. And, technically, it was not just the two of us."
"Well, for once, she made it very clear that it was a one-time thing. I suspect she is in a relationship. And you know, at my age and with Rosie around most of the time, the chances of something like this happening again with someone else are practically non-existent."
Sherlock tried not to interpret too much into what John had just said. About being denied chances. Wishful thinking was dangerous. He had to tread carefully. Still, there had to be something deeper behind John's anger. John and Mycroft had not been close enough to warrant such an emotional response. Sherlock was beginning suspect something. Memories of a not so distant past were coming back to him. Memories of John's anger.  It had been Sherlock's only priority to save the life back then, no matter what, no matter how much it had pained him to leave John in the dark, to leave him behind. John would never have allowed it, if he had known. Sherlock
It was still quite early. Only a little after ten, and Sherlock did not feel tired anymore. But now that he had brought doom upon himself, there was not really a point in delaying anything.
It was my responsibility to arrange a dinner in honour of John and Sherlock. The attendance more than illustrious. Sherlock is renowned for his inappropriate behaviour at such events. In such situations John sees his responsibility in damage control, doing his best to avert at least some of my brother's shenanigans. Since I was deeply indebted to John for the role he played in this delicate case, I wanted to make this evening as agreeable as possible for all of us.
Sherlock was relieved for about one second. Then the gravity of what had just happened hit him. He was going to share a bed with John Watson. John would be sleeping less than a metre away from him. Close enough to touch, close enough to smell.
The reasonable and grown up thing would be to tell John about his feelings in a calm and matter-of-fact way, to explain that this would not jeopardize their friendship and to wish him all the best with his new girlfriend. If he was lucky, John would understand, and maybe Sherlock would get to plan another wedding. After a year or two, John would have his second child, move to the country side to open his own practice, while Sherlock would turn into an old shrew, with only his brother to keep him company.
Sherlock was completely overwhelmed. He held onto John as if his life depended on it. And it did. But the fear would not go away. "Someone will use this against us," he said with regret.
John simply stared at him. Sherlock's heart was beating much too fast. John took a shuddering breath before asking "So, what do we do now?"
Sherlock was laughing now, too. "Well, it seems that you like it, given that you currently are leaking an excessive amount of fluid on me."
I think they had completely forgotten about my presence by then, so immersed were they in their conversation. They kept constant eye contact, while their smiles grew wider and wider. They also moved towards each other. Their knees almost touching.
"Let's get you out of this." John helped him get his shirt out of the way and tossed it across the room. Sherlock yelped when John's mouth made contact with his nipple. John stopped and looked up.
I looked at John, who still had a dreamy smile on his face. "What am I supposed to do now? Should I go to the police?"
He rushed out into the street, wrapping his coat around himself to hide the evidence of his arousal.
So much for a quiet day. It seems like some serious thinking is in order. He fills his cup with the leftover breakfast tea and moves to his chair in the sitting room. Staring at the empty chair facing him, he wonders what Sherlock meant by
There was a brief flash of sadness and regret in the man's features. "To be honest, no. It did not occur to me. I thought I was special in the sense that I seemed to be the only one to meet him in a private setting. But I had no way of confirming this to be true. It was easy to discard any signs I thought I had received from him as wishful thinking." He took a deep breath before continuing. "And then he started to wear the ring. I was devastated when I first saw it."
The dinner took place at the private dining room of the Diogenes Club. Silence is imperative at this venue. Not allowing people to speak normally improves any situation. Even my brother is a more pleasant person, when he does not have the option of verbally assaulting everyone around him, though he is also highly proficient in non-verbal insults. Forcing the politicians in attendance keep their mouths shut was a more than welcome side effect.
"Good." John said and got up from his chair. He pointed in the general direction of their (newly repaired) bathroom. "I'll just get ready."
Well then, deflection did not do the trick. So John goes for a counter-attack. "And what did you mean then when you said that this was not your fault?"
"No, we don't," John said, "but it would practical to use it, at least for the first time. It will be more comfortable for you, you know, after. Also, it might make me last a bit longer."
"Well, I am working here, and you prance through the kitchen, with that tiny bathrobe of yours, that barely leaves anything to the imagination."
Sherlock was about to rest his head on John's shoulder, when they both noticed footsteps on the stairs.
It took Sherlock an indefinite amount of time and a lot of energy to get up and finish his morning routine. Dressed in black trousers and a white shirt, he stepped into the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson had not brought up tea yet - it had to be very early. He moved to the kettle to make some himself.
"Sherlock, I..." John's voice was loud in the quiet room. Then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath, exhaled slowly through his mouth. The way he always did when he was fighting to regain his composure. When he spoke his voice sounded calm. "They say one should not speak ill of that dead. But Sherlock, your brother was a selfish bastard. And a bloody idiot. And a coward."
"Do you you call this honour, cadet?" John did not shout. He merely raised his voice. John is never loud in such situations, but he does make it clear who is in charge.
John took it and studied it. Then he looked up at Sherlock. "Are you trying to tell me that this Thomas Alcott and your brother were..."
John is so happy he could cry. He can barely stop himself from throwing strings of romantic declarations at Sherlock. Oxytocin. From the way Sherlock is hiding his face, John suspects that he may be in a similar state. John thinks it might be a little too soon for such an outburst of emotion and contents himself with stroking Sherlock's back.
Sherlock looked around himself. John gave him a brief glance, gauging Sherlock's current state of mind, then quickly looked away, when he decided that no immediate intervention was required. Everyone else was staring at the ground. In some distance, Sherlock noticed a man. He was standing a few graves away, dark blond hair, in his mid-forties, not someone who would stand out in a crowd. Ordinary. He did not appear to be visiting one of the graves. Rather, it seemed as if he were part of Mycroft's funeral. When the man noticed Sherlock staring at him, he gave a brief nod, then quickly averted his gaze.
"Thank you for listening." Thomas' voice was filled with honest gratitude. "Nobody knew about this thing between us. Not friends, not family, not colleagues. I am not entitled to grieve for him, because officially there was no connection. You are probably the only person who will ever know. I am glad that somebody knows."
They tried kissing first, but soon it became too much, and they were reduced to moans. Sherlock felt his orgasm build at an alarming speed. He grunted a warning to John.
"Thank you." Sherlock said and followed the man into the house. He was led into a small study. The walls were covered with bookshelves, filled with books written in various languages. There was a large desk facing the wall to the right. To the left there was a fireplace. Two heavy leather armchairs separated by a small table were facing it. Mr Alcott indicated for Sherlock to take a seat in one of them.
Sherlock only saw one option. In other circumstances he would have been appalled by his own lack of control. Now all he could do was to act on his base instincts. He opened his trousers, shoved them down around his knees, and reached into his pants to pull out his cock.
Sherlock opened his legs. John scooted forward, and wrapped his legs around Sherlock. Their cocks and testicles touched this way.
"What do you want? Don't tell me my brother is meddling from beyond the grave now." Sherlock almost managed the annoyed tone of voice that he had reserved for his brother's entourage.
"I don't think there is anything to talk about. I walked in on you and this woman. It was awkward. That's all."
"Seriously, that..." John laughed, shaking his head. "God, we were not exactly quiet in the end. I should go check on Rosie."
It occurred to Sherlock that he would have to change his clothes too. He had not thought about that. He could hardly sleep the way he usually slept. Sherlock had to suppress a few mental images of himself naked in John's bed. He got up and went to the construction site that was his bedroom and changed into his blue pyjama bottoms and a grey T-shirt. He heard that John was busy in the bathroom, brushing his teeth.
John was there too, of course, looking tired and grumpy. Back then he was still trying (and failing) to schedule his medical work around Sherlock. He did not seem to like the idea of spending the evening in the morgue. On the other hand, he could just have refused to come, but he did not. Well, to be honest, the same was true for me, too. It seems that neither of us can say no to Sherlock.
Sherlock was not okay. All this new information and what it did to him was too much to handle. The best course of action would be to end the conversation, to allow time to settle things, and to continue as ever. After all, this was what John wanted.
"Well, what else can he say now? It's not like Mycroft left him an option." John was shaking his head again.
"Thank you, John." Sherlock said, looking out of the window. He felt the brush of a hand along his sleeve. "Anytime."
"When we both were in kindergarten. We were friends. But then the family moved to South Africa, and I had not seen him since."
"She asked for it. Some girls like it. I haven't had the chance for awhile, so I was happy to comply. It's different, but it's really good. Brought back some fond memories from the army days."
He started to work on the buttons of Sherlock's shirt and almost sent Sherlock over the edge when he closed his mouth over one of Sherlock's nipples. Trying to do the same to John, Sherlock struggled to get John's jumper out of the way. The whole endeavor of undressing each other turned out to be somewhat uncoordinated, so they resorted to taking off their own clothes.
Rosie, having succeeded in changing the colour of her clothing into a camouflage pattern, had already completed her bath and was fast asleep in John's old bedroom.
"That was a good case." Sherlock was glad that John thought about it this way now. He had to admit that it could have ended badly.
Now, a week later, Sherlock found himself standing at the grave. John had taken care of everything, invited everyone. There was no priest. The idea of having a religious funeral was slightly ridiculous in Mycroft's case. True to form, Mycroft had not left any directions concerning funeral arrangements. This was only logical. After all, funerals were for the living, not for the dead. There was a speaker leading through the ceremony. He was ex-military. Someone John knew from his time before Sherlock. He spoke about commitment and sense of responsibility. It was oddly fitting, given that it came from someone who had never met Mycroft Holmes.
Mrs. Hudson stepped away from the kitchen door and moved upstairs to check on Rosie. Once she was out of hearing range, John turned on his side to give Sherlock a lingering kiss.
Stupid. Stupid! Sherlock was suddenly very awake. For years (literal years!) Sherlock's mind had been very creative in coming up with scenarios where they found themselves in some confined space, which, depending on the situation, ended in tearful love confessions. Or vigorous fucking. Or both. Real life, however, had not followed the cliche. It rather involved Sherlock making a mess of the sheets, or the shower. Tearful events may also have occurred, but Sherlock did not like to be reminded of that. An now the cliche had presented itself on a silver platter and Sherlock had reacted in the worst possible way.
Sherlock needed a moment to take in the sight. John's face was flushed with arousal, his nipples were peaked, his penis was standing up, bumping against his belly, where it left a wet spot.
Sherlock looked down at himself. Right. His pyjama pants. They were tented in quite an obscene manner. Sherlock stood up on John's bed and made a show of pulling them off. John giggled.
"Do you call this honour? To let yourself be abused and to abuse in turn. All, because it's tradition."
A few minutes later John handed him a steaming mug and one of the plastic bags, before sitting down in his chair. They ate in silence. Sherlock detected a few questioning looks from John but decided not to react to them.
Sherlock took off his coat which was immediately taken from his hands to be hung up on a cloth hook behind to living room door.
You know, it's Sherlock Holmes we are talking about. Who thinks about Sherlock in that way? I certainly did not. When John first showed up at one of my crime scenes, we were all too relieved that John somehow managed to turn Sherlock into a halfway presentable human being. That was all that mattered to us, and we did not really think much further (yes, there was a pool quite early on, and I was the last to know...).
The very moment I had said this, I realised that it may have given them the wrong impression. Sherlock had always appeared to me as a solitary man, but he seemed intent on having John around. And, to be honest, John did not play hard to get. I felt that there was something going on between them. I was not sure if they were a couple. I could well imagine that they had had some sort of a sexual adventure that they wanted to turn into a more serious relationship, neither of them being sure if the other wanted the same.
After a slightly overweight member of the cabinet did not finish the main course, it was John, who pointed this out to Sherlock with nothing but a sideways glance. John's amused expression got Sherlock to reply with a suppressed giggle. I was well-aware that this man had an affair with his personal assistant. Apparently she had cooked him an early dinner, after a rendez-vous in the afternoon.
"John, this woman was clearly not a prostitute. Are telling me you just picked a random woman in the street and had sex with her?"
So the inevitable had finally happened. John had a new girlfriend. John had a new girlfriend and had vigorous sex with her. Vigorous
John also seemed to be at a loss. He licked his lower lip and tentatively moved in Sherlock's direction.
Sherlock smiled. "No, I did not. But that does not mean that I did not jump at the opportunity when it presented itself."
"I, ..., um, wouldn't that be a bit ridiculous? I mean, we have spent so many nights together. You know, when we were on stake-outs. And that was in places where there was much less space. And, well, if you don't mind, I mean, we would be asleep anyway..."
I think it is safer not to go into the details. You will not find them on the blog either. The upshot was that the boy's tattoo carried sensitive material that was to be smuggled out of the UK and to be delivered, via the model, to its recipient at a tattoo convention in Indonesia. The "transaction" was intercepted by a third party at the Dubai airport. The tattooed boy, who was completely uninvolved, was collateral damage.
"John, I think you are misunderstanding because you lack some information. What I saw yesterday or what you just told me did not shock me. It just made me realize that this is something I want for myself."
Indeed, I had missed something of a media hype. Back then, John and Sherlock were on the verge of becoming famous. Sherlock's website was not particularly inviting. "Don't be dull," it said. Compared to the adventures I found on John's blog, I found my case incredibly boring. I tried my luck anyway and sent a message, not really expecting a reply.
When Sherlock arrived, John was already in the interrogation room, talking to the recruit. Sherlock and I watched through the semi-transparent window. The boy sat at the table facing us, John was in the chair across from him.
It was the day that Sherlock brought John to the flat at Baker Street. I had offered him to rent it after he had helped me with a somewhat delicate family issue. Sherlock, having just started his detective business, was a bit short on money. Even though I did not ask for anything near what is standard in central London, he said he would need to share the rent. I would have let him stay for whatever he was ready to pay, but he insisted and told me he would find a flatmate.
At this time it was rare to have John and Sherlock on a case together. John was living with Mary, and on cases it was often the three of them or, even more often, Sherlock alone.
Sherlock briefly looks away before continuing to stare him down. "Nothing. I just wanted to remark that it is hardly my fault that you are obviously sexually frustrated."
The situation became a bit complicated then. John, assuming that the mess belonged to a previous tenant, said something about cleaning out. At the same moment, Sherlock blurted out that he had already moved in. They both looked quite embarrassed after this awkward exchange. It was adorable how they tried to righten the situation. Sherlock (our Sherlock!) actually made a hastened attempt to get his mess under control. It was the first and last time for me to witness Sherlock Holmes make an effort to get this place in order. John just looked around, trying to ignore the situation.
"I'm sorry, John." Sherlock sounds almost desperate. "You probably wanted to start slow. But I can't seem to get my reactions under control. This just happened so quickly. And I'm almost about to... Just from a kiss. I will not last, I think. Surely you are used to higher standards."
John takes a close look at Sherlock and tries to find out what's wrong. His eyes search Sherlock's flushed face, then move lower, where he finds a possible explanation. Sherlock's bespoke trousers are very ...  revealing. There is a clearly visible bulge straining the front. It looks wonderfully obscene. John has to stop himself from falling down on his knees and burying his face there. John's already very interested cock threatens to make an appearance through the front of his dressing gown. However, in view of Sherlock's embarrassment, John rather decides to take a deep breath to calm himself. He looks Sherlock in the eye and waves his hand in the general direction of his crotch.
John closed his eyes and smiled. It was one of these John-typical smiles that eclipsed everything. "Yes, so I've heard." He chuckled. "Good thing I ended up with the clever one."
Indeed, there is no stopping Sherlock now. "Really, Mrs. Hudson, at your age one might think you would appreciate the comfort of a bed. With your hip and..."
They looked at each other in silence. John was exceptionally beautiful this way, all quiet and relaxed. There was a content smile on his lips. Sherlock could not help but smile back.
"Well, and this is the end of the story of Mycroft Holmes and Thomas Alcott." Thomas said with a half-smile.
"Jesus." John breathed, and planted his mouth on Sherlock's right nipple. Sherlock saw stars. The sensation went straight to his groin. He had to bite on his lip to stifle a loud groan.
Sherlock kept staring at the letter. He had always thought that his brother was above emotion. It was unreal and intimidating to see that he was a human being after all. Sherlock swallowed then looked over to the man beside him.
"The situation is quite extraordinary, also for me." Mr. Alcott got up to get something from his desk. It was a hand-written note. "I have been wearing this ring only since yesterday. It's Mycroft's."
The first course was accompanied by a deduction of a waiter's family life, based on a barely visible stain on his sleeve. With a raised eyebrow Sherlock directed John's attention to where he wanted to have it. When John gave Sherlock a questioning look, Sherlock mouthed the word "Rosie". John understood immediately. As a result, both of them were grinning like fools, the kind of smile you often see in young parents, who have the irritating ability to be proud of everything in connection with their offspring, even the excretions the child produces in abundance.
"Did you really just solve Monroe's case for him? He was supposed to do that himself! It was trivial! My whole department has given up on thinking. Instead, they contact Sherlock Holmes. What was it? A Four?"
The next morning John is having breakfast. He hasn't felt so full of energy in a long time, which is surprising, given the fact that he has barely slept last night. They have spent the night in Sherlock's bed. There were kisses and declarations and tears and blow jobs and a few unspeakable things that John can hardly believe they did on their first night together. John does not even try to wipe the dopey grin off his face. Across from him, a slightly debauched Sherlock is wolfing down his breakfast, which, as usual, makes John ridiculously happy.
"Is it really OK if I go for my shift at the surgery today?" John asked the next morning while handing Sherlock a cup of coffee.
I also could have noticed after Sherlock had died and John was so obviously heart-broken. But, for all I knew, Sherlock was dead, and any speculation was moot anyway. John never said anything, and I did not ask.
sex. In broad daylight, right in front of Sherlock. While his poor baby daughter had been banned from her home. John had a new girlfriend and had not mentioned it to Sherlock. And now that Sherlock had found out, John had written a text message, as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
Sherlock felt a sudden need to look anywhere but at John. His cheeks felt hot. Was he blushing? The silence was awkward. He was supposed to say something.
They were on thin ice now. Sherlock could see John's pain. It was still there after all this time, and, for once, John did nothing to hide it. He'd never been so direct, never let Sherlock see the full depth of it. Sherlock could barely take it. He hated to see John suffer.
At the moment, however, the detective sitting across from him at the kitchen table does not seem to be in a hurry to dive into the next case. Rather, he is digging into the hearty breakfast that John has prepared for both of them. Watching Sherlock eat is special to John. It makes him happy for a reason that he does not quite understand. It's not that Sherlock never eats, or that he does not enjoy eating. A man who cannot sit still for five seconds needs a lot of calories. Sherlock probably would disagree with this and mutter something about not indulging into anything that goes beyond the absolute minimum that is necessary to sustain the transport. John tries hard not to smile at the Sherlock in his head. And fails.
John lifted his head from where it was resting on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock reached behind himself to get the tissue box.
And John? John is very easy to get along with, at least superficially. We quickly fell into a routine of frequent pub visits, mostly to share our common burden that was Sherlock Holmes. Maybe it should have struck me as odd that all we ever talked about was Sherlock. But then, he does give material for endless conversation, so it did not seem weird at all.
Sherlock got the hint and grabbed John by his legs lifting him off the ground. He turned them by ninety degrees and lowered John onto the floor. Sherlock ended up kneeling between John's legs. John was on his back, propped up on his elbows.
Sherlock understood. He reached behind himself to retrieve a bottle of lube from the drawer in the nightstand.
Sherlock decided to trust John on this. He slid down until he was lying flat on his back. His erection, though it has faded a little, stretched against his belly. He spread his legs and reached for the lube. John repositioned himself to lie on his side next to Sherlock. That way Sherlock got a good view on John's cock. He wondered if this was on purpose.
Sherlock deadpanned, before sighing, “And I thought my own brother was bad,” he stated, “Do I want to know what happened?”
Loki flinched, already having an idea that he did something bad, but John glared so hard that Mycroft almost gulped and Sherlock smirked. He’s loving this other side of his boyfriend, “
“John said I had to stop with the acid experiments,” Sherlock said calmly, “And as I’ve told everyone who asks, where else would I preserve it?”
“Would you have preferred being woken up at three in the morning New York Time?” Greg raised an eyebrow before walking out, “Goodnight!”
Sherlock huffed, but walked back to John’s side, “Thor…” John’s voice held warning, “Where is your brother?”
Bruce had on a rather large sweater and followed Mrs. Hudson with his eyes. Everyone soon walked upstairs, “Brother, dear,” everyone looked towards the kitchen, “Why is there a
, I help one nephew heal and the other to learn a thing or two from Sherlock,” he stated, “I’ve already told my brother that they are not returning until the Rainbow Bridge is fixed.”
John snorted, “Asgard and Midgard years are quite different,” he stated, “On Asgard, I am as I appear, but Midgard is something else entirely. I estimate I’m about 2,600 current Midgard years. Your kind like to change your calendars quite often.”
Loki hummed, “Still not sure where I went,” he admitted, “The last thing I remember is being mad at Father and honestly most of that being thrown at you because he went into Odinsleep.”
Sherlock to leave the city he has mapped out completely in his head, recreate his Homeless Network in New York,  accommodate his Homeless Network
days. Any less and the spells could disappear before they’re completely finished causing him to return to how he was before. Am I understood, Fury?”
John gave him a look, “You may be a man on Asgard, Loki,” he warned, “But you are still a teenager, need I remind you.”
Sherlock rubbed his eyes, “Perhaps when I’m more awake, I will find this information more useful,” he stated, “But Fury had a list-”
John turned as Mycroft walked up the stairs before returning his full attention to his injured nephew, “Mycroft,” John acknowledged.
“Power wise?” John questioned, “If I put my mind to it, yes. I can beat my brother. I’m also able to easily put my nephews in place. And my niece. Odin came to me once Hela became out of his control. I, of course, scolded him. Told him that I told him so. And then gave
Thor and Loki hissed through their teeth, “Uncle’s pissed,” Loki deadpanned, “Hope Heimdall warns those in the Palace.”
John sighed, “Loki is not Asgardian by blood,” he stated, “While most of the Nine Realms gladly accepted the peace Odin delivered, one was still rather bitter about all the war. Jotunheim. They declined peace and continued to war on Asgard. I willingly fought in that war,” John lifted Loki’s head and looked at the back of his neck, “Odin found Loki as a babe. Abandoned,” John suddenly glared, “While Odin took him in…he had planned to use him as a
“Honestly, Sherlock,” John stated, “Only you could start off searching for a lost cat and wind up stopping a bank heist,” he, Sherlock, Loki, and Thor walked into the building, “Why did you even want to find a lost cat? Have you started smoking again?”
Sherlock glared as Mycroft attempted to sit in John’s chair. Mycroft rolled his eyes, but sat beside Loki on the couch, “I think I liked you better when you ignored emotion, Sherlock,” Mycroft stated.
Odin glared at his wife and she didn’t even flinch and continued, “I know you love both your sons and Hela, Dear, but you do not know how to show it,” she stated, “They are not me. You should’ve known that Thor doesn’t do
“I might,” Mrs. Hudson stated, “What for? I know Sherlock has been experimenting with acids lately.”
New York was in complete chaos. Aliens. Magic. Gods. Nothing made sense. But the giant light beaming down onto Stark Tower caught everyone’s attention, “Oh what now?!” Tony yelled from the circle he and his newly formed team somehow formed.
John gave Sherlock a look, but dropped the matter, “Fury is obviously going to shoot for moving us,” he stated, “Did I-”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and gave his boyfriend a look. John raised an eyebrow at him. Sherlock nodded and stood up, “This way,” Thor slowly stood up and followed Sherlock into a room.
Mrs. Hudson brought up a tray of tea and set it on the table. Frigga took a cup, “Thank you,” she said as she sipped it slowly, “Where has my brother-in-law gone?”
“Upstairs in his uncle’s old room,” Sherlock said calmly, “I figured it would be safer for him if John were here.”
That’s what made John lose it and join his nephew and Tony on the floor. John calmed a few moments later, “Never change, Love,” John wiped a tear from his eye, “Never change.”
“Ehh, I can read some writing on the wall,” John said, “Might improve later, but right now, I wanted a change of pace,” he ran his hand over the back of his nephew’s neck, “Anything?”
John took the scissors and comb from their landlady, “As far as I’ve tested over the centuries, nothing has been able to even tarnish the drawf made metal,” he stated, “Actually gave it to one of my friends once. Only proves my point. Still don’t know why you lot associate me with a lake…the female part I will let pass because my hair was long at the time.”
John went wide eyed and sat bolt up. Sherlock lifted his pillow slightly, staring at his boyfriend sleepily, “John?” he yawned.
John raised an eyebrow, “Thor,” John held his forehead with the hand not holding Mjolnir, “I love you, I truly do, but you did not get your mother’s brain. What color are your brother’s eyes?”
John and Sherlock just stared, “You really want close eyes on us, don’t you?” John deadpanned, “Fine, but be warned. Sherlock is stubborn and his mother is even worse.”
John was silent before humming, “Quite a bit,” he stated, “Too many to really name,” John looked at his watch, “Your brother is pushing it, Loki.”
“Greg…” John said warningly, “This better not be some sort of-” a loud, angry, horn sounded right by their window, causing Sherlock to sit bolt up and stare at the curtain closed window, “Oh…how the ever-living bloody hell?!” John exclaimed as he magically swung the curtains open revealing a wide awake New York City…at midnight their time.
John reached out blindly for his phone on the side table. Finally, getting annoyed, he summoned his phone to his hand before answering, “Hello?” he asked, not even trying to hide the tiredness in his voice.
“What devices do you see on me?” Sherlock questioned, “While you are big in the US, Mr. Stark, you are not that big in the UK. The only thing that made big news overseas is your being Iron Man. And even that was a fleeting story. Barely even perked my interest. Everything I just stated was all learned by observation.”
“He didn’t,” Greg smirked, “But Coulson was the Handler of those two. He wanted to know why the building blew up if it wasn’t them. He researched you both
The door opened and only then did Clint and Steve run into each other. John looked at them, cutting himself off mid-word to Fury. He shook his head, “Agent Coulson will be fine,” he stated, “Fully healed, but he’ll need to remain on bed rest for two days,” he gave Fury a look, “And I mean two
John held his hand out without stopping his combing of Loki’s hair. Thor gave the glowing blue cube to his uncle, “Thank you,” the cube suddenly vanished, “Now, my window.”
John hummed and slowly removed his hands from Loki’s head, “As I stated before, I’ve never held any interest in ruling Asgard,” he stated, “I’ll defend it to my dying breath, but I’ve always favored healing and magic. When Vili and Odin started claiming and conquering the other Realms, I was against it. It didn’t matter how they tried to sugarcoat it for me and the people. It was
Thor went wide eyed but didn’t move within the timeframe given. All of the Avengers were suddenly on the rooftop. Thor gulped, “Hello…Uncle,” Thor stared.
John nodded and left with Sherlock in a bright white light. Thor whined, “I hate when Uncle is mad,” he stated.
Frigga nodded, “I just wanted to check on you,” she stated, “Vé will make sure you’re taken care of,” John mumbled something under his breath and Frigga chuckled, “And Thor, dear,” Thor looked at his mother, “Behave and actually learn a thing or two.”
Frigga smiled as she sipped her tea, “I see,” she said calmly, “So Vé’s Courted noticed Vé was getting antsy with my arrival approaching and decided to distract all three of them.”
John snorted, “That’s the slowest I’ve seen you, Mycroft,” he stated, “Do tell Mrs. Hudson we’ll be back. Thank you.”
Hulk jumped on an Alien Whale and began to smash. Clint and Natasha glanced at each other. Natasha jumped on an alien hoverboard as it went by and threw said alien off it, “Get the Tesseract,” Clint said to Thor as he aimed an arrow.
Sherlock nodded and stood up before walking out of the flat. John looked at his nephew and moved some of his black hair behind his ear. Loki’s eyes opened slowly. And his eyes were green. John smiled, “Hello Loki,” John said, “How are you doing?”
John and Sherlock arrived back at Baker Street. John gently set Loki on the couch, “I have several questions,” Sherlock stated.
Thor gulped and fidgeted with Mjolnir. John turned to New York, “Loki! You have three seconds!” he called.
“Obviously,” John deadpanned, “How many times do you think I had to fake my own death or disappear off the face of the Earth?”
She stood to go, putting her hand on his shoulder and squeezing once before turning away, thank God,
He started and stopped a couple of times, and then, “I don’t know. This. This is so perfect, it’s what I’ve dreamed of always, what I never,
After a dizzying shower left Sherlock and me weak in the knees and grinning loopily at each other, we got dressed—not very fast, to be honest, and not very efficiently. I couldn’t look away from him, his pale skin so lightly dusted with hair that he might have been a marble statue come to life. When I saw his lips purse satirically I realised that I hadn’t moved for several seconds, had frozen mid-gesture to watch those long slim feet pad over to the suitcase, his lean frame bending to retrieve fresh pants and socks. I had to gulp back saliva at the sight.
But his body was tense, growing tenser even, and I wanted to see his face, kiss his mouth. I wanted the rigidity to melt away again, back into the fluid conformity of the two of us touching everywhere, our limbs in easy interlock. I lifted my right hand to his face, ran it over his jaw and throat, felt the slight stubble I knew he was going to shave the second he got up. Best feel it now, then. I was running my fingertips slowly over his right ear and into his hair when I heard him gasp.
As Will, he could converse without interrogating, could play music with small children, could spend silent hours observing and tending bees. He could sympathise with others, not just strip bare their lies and their secrets. Could listen and hold back, could fit in and be welcome.
Assuming it was him, he was confirming what I had hesitantly, hopefully extrapolated from my series of unsatisfactory enquiries.
I was still uncertain, but his earnestness was kind of winning, and I did owe it to him to help. For some reason this meant a lot to him. He talked me through the organisation (I’d call it micro-management) he’d put together. He had a play list, for fuck’s sake. He had a spreadsheet. And he really
Roberto said all this in the impersonal tone he used with me when we first met. As though we’d never known each other before, let alone lived together, had sex.
for afterward. He has to admit that Sherlock and his partner, a woman in red, make a dramatic pair: stark black and white against scarlet, her ash-blonde hair glowing in the dance-floor spotlights.
When Roberto returns he and Sherlock load their bags into the car and head back toward the highway. The silence in the car is taut, brittle. Finally Sherlock, still ill at ease about his gaffe, asks about Jamie.
Again I had to conceal a rush of—not excitement, exactly, but sharpened focus. I let my shoulders slump and slowed my gait as I left his office.
“Yes, but without your science of deduction there wouldn’t be a blog, or a service, or clients to use it. You’re the reason desperate people, people who’ve tried everything, can get help.”
Funny: it felt like my whole life was in the balance—he might react in any one of a dozen ways, I might have ruined everything, shredded our careful balance forever—and all I felt was relief. At not hiding anymore, not pretending.
When it aired in mid-August I was, to the best of my recollection, in the Czech Republic, tailing an eminent Labour MP. Moriarty knew no boundaries in whom he corrupted, or blackmailed, or extorted.
immediately, damn him, and the object of my affection wasn’t even on the scene. He looked me up and down and said under his breath, “Eye make-up, Sally? And those stockings? Who is it? You didn’t dress up for the victim.”
Still, just a minute or so later I felt and heard him shifting, then he pulled back and in the dim light I saw his beautiful mouth curved in a smile. That faded, though, and he looked more sombre, more like his usual expression. He ran his hand up over my arm and shoulder, resting it on the back of my neck.
needed a flatmate to afford central London rents. And now he also had to accumulate the substantial sum he was going to need for a month’s travel, or more, to go searching for Sherlock. He was damned if he’d beg Mycroft to bankroll him.
He can feel two sheets in the envelope, no more. One cover sheet, single-sided. One inside sheet. He lifts the envelope to his nose: Mycroft’s signature cologne, the smell of the Diogenes Club furniture polish, a faint whiff of a menthol cigarette. But something else, too. Something fresh, green.
“Not a cynic. A survivor. And no, I’m not a cynic either, just a realist. No need to be sentimental about Watson just because she’s ours. On the contrary, I’m happy the mechanism works. It’s evolutionarily advantageous at this age. What Watson doesn’t know is that although Mycroft won’t show it, he adores her. Just try putting her at the far end of the table from him sometime, and you’ll see.”
John’s  cheeks might be red from a couple of hours walking in bright sun, but he still looked chastened.
“They’re both well?” Sherlock knew it could be more unnerving for a baby to be born at eight months than at seven.
A surprisingly loud growl, ferocious and furious, erupted across the table. “You knew you were leaving forever, that it was a sodding
He can sit for an hour on a bench and watch the way people occupy space and negotiate other bodies within it. In his own persona he usually takes up a great deal of it, between his decisive gestures and his flaring coat; he practices slowing his movements, bringing his limbs in toward his core. He’s imitating no particular man, but the habits of a population accustomed to close quarters and thus neither averse to close contact nor insistent on occupying more space than necessary.
Now I've shifted to stroking along the muscles of his neck, carefully pressing each one down his nape, feeling them loosen one at a time.
The moan turns into an indignant near-squawk. “Oh, for God’s sake John, not again! I’ve had quite enough of slowing down, thank you very much. Put on some speed for a change, can’t you?”
It was disorienting to think that I’d come here less than an hour ago thinking we might actually separate. We still had plenty to talk over, but it no longer felt as though we were fragile. Precarious.
John wasn’t with him in Baker Street, of course, and couldn’t be available for cases had there been any. He had a job to do, a child to bring up. But he brought Watson round, some afternoons, and then Sherlock could take the perfect little armful from John and walk her round the flat, telling her detailed stories about this or that object, lowering his voice so John could relax in his chair, close his eyes for fifteen or twenty minutes. The drone of Sherlock’s voice seemed to soothe both his guests, so he kept it thrumming at low volume, murmuring to Watson about bats, and belfries, and books, and Bluebell the bunny, and bees, concentrating on getting consonants and words into her head, thinking that one day he’d have her say them back to him until she grew bored.
He heard John moan helplessly as he thrust, minutely at times, more deeply at others, but mindful always, muttering “stop me if it hurts—
He was quiet for a long time. “I got Rosie sorted and took off for a house on the Norfolk coast. It belongs to her minders, so I had it to myself.” That wasn’t what I'd meant, but I understood why he began with Watson.
John had asked Sherlock why he’d done it but hadn’t let him answer, because by then he didn’t care. But he did care about one thing: had he ever mattered to Sherlock? At all?
John’s proposal had the advantages of elegance and economy, speed and surety. It meant that I would have to remain in hiding until he returned to the surgery and made a date with Morstan at Baker Street. Once there we would immobilise her and force her to summon Moran.
of 21 October. If he didn’t contact me, how could I know he was still alive at all? What if whoever was following me, had found him?
When Friday came I bundled Rosie into Julian’s mini-van, and Sherlock and our one case onto the Stansted Express. He never asked where we were going, probably deduced it from some obscure detail, because communication was still minimal. The emotional temperature between us hovered between frosty, apprehensive, and sad, with undertones of waiting-until-we-arrived-to-have-our-showdown-in-full. The chasm had formed between us so deep and so fast; how was it even possible to go from rock-solid to this fragile, in the space of a month? It made me fear it was already too late, that separation was a foregone conclusion.
“Yes, good example. But Molly isn’t in your subset of possible sex interests. Does it happen with people who are?”
By the time we got to our private dress rehearsal, there was a nice buzz at the Met. "Who're you going with, what'll you wear, have you seen the play list, it's an
In fact, it was me he was trying to call to order. John had said my name twice to get my attention, but it was his haircut that finally caught my eye. It made him look as boyish as when I’d met him nearly nine years earlier. We took our places in front of the clerk, who was warm without being unctuous, official but not officious. This was business as usual for her, though afterward she did whisper to John that she and her girlfriend were avid readers of his blog. As always, he looked surprised and pleased. He’s never gotten used to the fact that people love reading him.
Still, the Sherlock of my imagination, slipping his blue scarf around his neck, pulling on his coat and gloves, prepares to go out in search of more available entertainment on the streets of Rome. I sigh as the street door of my apartment building shuts behind him with a solid thump, the gate with an echoing clang. He looks back at me, pale and unsmiling. God, how I want him. He walks away.
on fond and foolish songs. Besides, this one is so over the top it’s almost a parody—‘I see your face in every flower,’ indeed.” He catches himself just before sniffing derisively.
It was a quiet holiday, with Mummy clearly keeping a sharp eye out for any repetition of the horrors of the previous Christmas. Daddy was gently affectionate and solicitous with him, and Mycroft surprisingly complimentary about his work on the MP’s murder, deeming the outcome “excellent” (translation: in no way disruptive or inconvenient to himself). Sherlock thought of John, of course, and Watson, far away now and not likely ever to come any closer.
“I spent the days walking around the city or reading and thinking in his flat. Then last week he took some leave time, and we traveled around the south of Lazio a bit, as far as Cassino.”
It was perfect, and it was messy, and unpractised, and we laughed a fair amount. I felt like Pygmalion when his statue came to life, the miracle he hadn’t even dared to pray for. I felt what I
Now: everything I’d never wanted him to know. The stupid, sadistic, stinking gaoler; the dank, freezing prison; never being clean, and once losing control over my very bowels and bladder; hunger, and thirst, and endless pain; the terror that they’d eventually redirect their brutal bludgeoning to my head, injure my brain.
A couple of hours ticked over in pre-dawn quiet, and just before seven I started to wake John gently. No point having the electronic pips jolt him into wakefulness. I’d do what I could to make it a pleasant experience.
Life without a mobile is ... different. If a piece of information is missing, Sherlock looks it up in a book or lets it go. This is not an option he’s accustomed to, but it doesn’t feel like a deprivation;  it feels like a choice. The information he was constantly feeding into his brain: is it fuel for a fire? Would suspending it make the fire burn out? Or would it burn hotter for being smaller? (Is the analogy useful at all? Not scientific, so probably not.)
When we heard Rosie and Clara coming upstairs, he shook himself out of his trance to pick up the violin. And just as though this magical reveal had been his plan all along, he laid his bow to the strings to play “O Christmas Tree.”
Suddenly there was John in the doorway, looking bemused. Had he heard that whispered “darling girl”? God, he hoped not, he’d never hear the end of it. In any event John just took Watson downstairs for her supper, Mrs Hudson following them down.
But I was panicking for nothing. Sherlock’s ice-cold hand came down on mine, and for a moment he leaned his cheek against it as well.
The flowers went wobbly and blurry and I buried my face in them. Damn it. Damn him, making me cry. Meant to text a simple “thanks” but the day got away from me.
Between the low light in the pub and the blinding spotlights aimed at the dais, he couldn’t see much of the audience, only the nearest dozen or so. The door opened and closed so often it was no longer even a distraction, though the ferocious
I can hear the boiler thumping and clacking, the shower hissing and pouring, as I go down the hall to the bathroom and knock.
He practically beat me to the crime scene. And although it took a month, he solved the case with surprisingly little forensic evidence to go on, no witness testimony, and a mass of possible motives and suspects.
But the next day he did call, saying the report had “turned up.” How could it have turned up, when it hadn’t existed? The clerk emailed me a pdf; I couldn’t see much anomalous about it except that it wasn’t signed. And it made no mention at all of my statement or presence on the scene, let alone of my having been knocked unconscious. So, a dead end for locating and interviewing that cyclist.
Damn it. Today of all days. After John’s bizarre disappearance this morning, the cause of which I still hadn’t had confirmed, but suspected I soon would.
