wouldn’t be there. Leave it to Tony to distance himself from them in the most Tony way possible. Buying them a fucking building complex on the other side of the city.
Steve couldn’t help the wanton moan that escaped him. “Jesus, Tony,” he ground out. He claimed Tony again in a fierce kiss, using a hand to snake into Tony’s hair, pulling tightly.
Steve's grip tightened around the small child. He yanked away when he saw Pepper’s hands enter his field of vison to take his son away. “Don’t,” he snapped, letting his ‘Cap voice’, as Tony would say, slip out.
“Absolutely. Here’s a question for you. If I were to go over there and stick my hand in the fire would you be upset?”
he added, cutting off Clint’s scathing remark. “You will continue to follow the rules set up for your current agreement or face the consequences. Need I remind you that the rest of your crew will have to pay the price as well; every time you bend the rules, you’re making a decision for the rest of them.”
“Hmm?” Bucky looked up from where he was sitting with Steve.
"No, no you can't do this!"
Steve shook his head. “Anyone who ever did see me never got the chance to tell anyone.”
Tony sighed, letting his head fall back against the cold wall with a small thud. She had just come from surgery; she wouldn’t have had a phone anyway.
“I’m sorry?”
Coulson hadn’t managed to find any files on Officer Rumlow, thus cementing the idea that HYDRA had someone working with them within the precinct. What held Steve on edge more was the fact that Stark hadn’t been digging up anymore dirt either. It seemed that all of Rumlow’s files had been redacted or completely destroyed.
Reaching SI was a bit of a blur, his body exhausted and trembling as he stumbled through his private entrance and elevator.
Unless they knew it was a rouse.
Memories of the burning sun disappearing behind shell casings and burning debris filled his mind. “Don’t.” His voice was hoarse.
Bucky furrowed his brow. “They can’t even muster up a dozen anymore? You think they’re finally running low on numbers?”
“Yes, yes it does,” Pierce finished, leaning back in his chair. “Who filed the report?”
“Least we could do,” Tony retorted. “You got a sandwich for me?”
“I’m serious,” Bucky persisted. “I’m not Steve, but I have a feeling you wouldn’t tell him if anything was wrong. If you need help, you need to let me know. Do I need to get you to a hospital?”
A hand brushed against his cheek. “Tony.”
“What? Why?!” shouted Hill.
She was perfect.
“No can do, Capsicle. Things aren’t going to invent themselves, you know.”
,” he whispered, willing the smaller man to hear him. “Please, wake up.”
Stark's chestnut eyes pierced Steve's, but eventually he looked away. "You started it," Stark mumbled.
“No, I can promise you I don’t work for Hammer.”
“We’re a man down, so Tony will fill in for Clint. Go with Sam and Bucky round the back; you need to try and get us the high ground. Thor, you’re with me. We’ll charge through the front and let Nat flank through the side. Keep tight against cover, avoid civilian casualties, and no heroics, you got that? Watch the others’ back, and they’ll watch yours. We good?”
Now, chop-chop, let’s go!” Stark pushed Steve up the stairs and back into the action.
“Because he injected himself.”
Tony sat in the empty lab, twirling a screwdriver between his fingers. A Doombot lay in front of him; no doubt left by Fury, hoping Tony could crack open a few secrets. But Tony couldn’t get his mind to focus. He sighed, dropping the screwdriver on top of the mess in front of him, pushing away from his chair to look at the clock.
“Open it,” Tony said.
Steve walked towards the new glass encased lab, knowing that to be the best place to look for the resident genius, the blonde calling out Tony’s name every so often. Doubt started to cloud Steve’s head but he tried to shake it off. The tower was one of the most fortified places in New York, let alone the eastern seaboard. There was nowhere Tony Stark would have been more safe from HYDRA.
Steve watched as the door closed, listening to Stark’s footsteps fade away. He scooted lower in the plastic chair; the small furniture never letting Steve get comfortable. Steve glanced at the clock before letting his eyes drift shut. Stark was right; a small cat nap would probably help.
“They only let you in because of your looks,” Tony chided.
Chapter 4 = all the fluff
“No, not really,” Steve grit out.
“Done deal,” Tony agreed, looking back to the pile in front of his before grabbing an empty sheet of paper, starting to scribble Steve’s final secrets out.
He stood up slowly, leading the group from The Captain’s office back out to the main meeting room where over half of the table was covered in computers that Tony had dropped off almost two weeks ago. Tony sat down behind one the computers, the screen flickering to life. “I put a tracker in the files I leaked. That way we can trace the computer being used to access the files.”
Sure Natasha was secretive, sometimes not letting on all that she knew that always made Steve want to pop a blood vessel. But she was kind, nurturing. She never asked questions when she found Steve shaking from his latest nightmare. She just smiled softly, moving to sit next him, a calming presence that grounded him.
Frustration mounted in him, and Steve grabbed a nearby pillow and cuffed Bucky in the back of his head with it, intent on having someone else suffer with him. Bucky was up in a flash, reaching down quickly to snag a hidden knife before pouncing up. Gray eyes darted around all available entrances and exits before realizing Steve was the only other one in the room. Bucky scoffed, flopping back down on the bed. “Is it too much to ask to wake up normally? Maybe with even a ‘
“I don’t want to hear it,” Steve replied. “Come on; I’m taking you home.”
“I know!” Tony agreed. “It was like I was the Energizer Bunny on crack! That surpassed even my college days, when Rhodey and I were hopped up on Red Bull and Ramen. But what really got me worried was not that I could stay here longer, was that even with my losing more days, I wasn’t getting anything done.”
And then after the shower, you’ll say ‘
Steve gaped at the other man. How the hell was he supposed to respond to that? Sorry my podcast apparently tailors to murderers? “I-I don’t- ” he paused. “I don’t have any of my listeners information, if that’s what you’re here for. I can show you downloads by username, maybe the donations page, but those are pseudonyms anyway, and- ”
“- alright, it’s alright, sweetheart, I’m here, now,” Phil hushed, pressing kisses to Clint’s temples.
He zipped up the sweatshirt he was wearing, added a pair of shades and donned a baseball cap as he sauntered across the New York streets. Some might all it overkill, but Tony wasn’t taking any chances. No one could figure out who he was or where he was going. Tony had been dropped off at his residence by his driver, his car would never leave the property, and JARVIS would confirm that he was still at home should anyone ask. For all intensive purposes, Tony was and will remain at home, not skulking through the New York streets. He scanned the crowd, but no one paid him a second glance. He walked a couple of blocks east, staying low on the radar.
Which, of course, was absolutely ridiculous. But, the more Tony thought about it, the more worried he got. Whispers of HYDRA had already been slipping through the streets, more so ever since Tony and The Captain got involved. Although the group had not gone out of their way blatantly declare their return, almost everyone knew they were back now.
Steve could read between the lines. More accurately, what wasn’t there, or
“I’d rather not talk about it,” Tony groaned.
“Yes ma’am,” Tony parroted, throwing his shirt on before jogging to catch up with Barnes.
He barely had time to recover before the door was kicked open, a furious looking Pepper stomping into the room, her eyes more fiery than her hair. “Pepper, I can- ”
“Where?”
“Sleep,” Tony whispered into Steve’s hair, kissing his forehead.
Tony flashed him another smile and then suddenly it was if all of the air had been sucked form the room. Steve was vaguely aware that they were still wrapped around each other, but he paid it no mind. He just stared down at the smaller man, Tony’s eyes swirling like molten amber, his eyelashes curled like sunflowers towards the sun, his lips chapped and warm from where he’d bitten them. “I-I, uh…,” Steve began, eyes flashing down to his lips again.
Tony felt laughter bubbling in his chest like a lovestruck teenager. He jumped on Steve’s chest, hearing the blonde curse quietly before they were kissing again, twisting against each other in the silk sheets of Tony’s bed.
Which makes it your problem. If HYDRA is still out there, it could be devastating, for both you and me. Listen, I want to deal with you just as much as you want to deal with me, but I am running out of options.” The Captain’s blue eyes stared at him earnestly, basically screaming '
Bucky groaned Steve’s name. Or, at least he tried too; even in his disheveled state, Bucky knew that what came out of him were definitely not words. A cool pressure rested against his lips, Bucky humming softly as he let the ice chip slip between his teeth.
Tony sputtered. “Really? That’s all it took? A cheesy one-liner and now you trust one of New York’s biggest mobs?”
-------------------------
“But- ”
“What do you mean?”
Tony fell to the floor, Steve's head snapping around in alarm at the sound. He heard Tony scramble to stand up, but he couldn't tear his eyes away from what had flown in through the window.
“Well, that was the plan,” Tony murmured, unable to help himself, “but I have a feeling that getting you home safe will take precedence. Come on, Cap’s out back waiting. Home first, avenging rampage later.”
“Buck, please,” Steve pleaded. “You’re the only one who won’t fall for his shit. As much as you hate him, Tony Stark is a valuable asset, and we can’t risk him. And we can’t let him risk our family. Please. I need you to do this for me.”
"Amputation," Tony replied hoarsely. "Emergency surgery required, as far off the books as you can get me. I need Strange; I need a miracle."
Fury smirked. “Why? You worried, Stark?”
Clint Barton sat in the back of a nearly vacant hospital’s cafeteria, flanked by Bucky and Nat, staring incredulously at a smirking Tony Stark.
It was impersonal, but that didn’t surprise Clint. He knew Tony well enough that the man did his best work covered in grease in a dimly lit basement lab. Tony had just thrown everything on the nearest couch and stomped over to the computer. From what Tony told him, someone at SI was responsible for his kidnapping. Clint couldn’t really imagine how that felt – he didn’t know what he would think if someone from the team stabbed him in the back like that.
And that’s how it started. A simple handshake.
Steve didn’t have an answer for that. What on Earth was he supposed to do with this?
“Alright, quit your naggin’,” Steve grumbled, checking through the rest of the sheet bundles. He sighed when he reached the back of the shelf. “How much bigger?” he asked.
The room sat tense, but Steve didn’t have time to sugarcoat anything for The Commandos. HYDRA was back; he needed to protect his people at all cost. He
“Fire starters,” Steve replied.
Tony bit his lip.
Thor was in the Natasha’s room regaling her with stories of Asgard. Clint could even hear Steve’s quiet chuckle and Bruce’s small sighs. Somewhere on the floor above them, an ecstatic man was calling the rest of his family telling them that he was finally a dad. But what really did it for Clint was that he could hear their heartbeats. All five of his teammates; their heart pumping blood strongly through their veins.
him in his vows, that he would spend the rest of his life proving that Tony was the most important thing to him.
Clint saw red, immediately charging his friend. He wasn't sure what his plan was, maybe his anger just needed some for of an outlet. They'd spared plenty of times in the past; maybe Natasha would let him blow off the steam and frustration that was consuming him. How he ended up crying into her arms, he’d never know. They were on the ground, Natasha’s arms wrapping around his shaking figure, drawing him into a comforting embrace. Gentle fingers pushed through his dirty hair as Natasha shushed him softly. “
and cracked his knuckles and that was
“Cap will keep them safe, you know- ”
“Alright, Deborah,” Tony sighed. “What have you got for me?”
“And what, you need me to find them?”
Steve rubbed his hands over his face. “I thought I could handle it.”
Tony screeched to a halt, causing Clint to run into him. Tony spun around, eyes blazing. “No, this may not be the time, but you are far from being in the clear. You and I are going to have a long talk about self-destructive tendencies. We all thought you were dead!”
Tony glanced over to him, but Steve just shook his head. “Give him time to process,” he said. “He doesn’t really do the whole feelings thing. When we were in middle school, he volunteered at the hospital just because he was too scared to the dance with this girl. He’s got a real way with words, doesn’t he?”
Tony crouched down next to him, pressing fingers into the man’s neck to be met with a faint pulse.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright then,” The Captain said with a nod, walking back towards the office door. “Time to call a family meeting.”
Before Loki could respond, Barton’s fist snapped out, connecting with Loki’s head, and then everything was black.
He heard Tony sigh. “There is just no pleasing you, is there.”
“Denied? You’re denying my claim?”
The building itself was small, almost completely unprotected in its location. Steve had no doubt that he and his men could overpower it in mere minutes.
He reached back down for Barnes, swallowing past the nausea that tried to make another appearance, and began to trek in the direction of their only salvation.
“Go!”
“Shit,” Steve whispered, only met with the silence of the house, once again surrounding him.
This was his mountain.
“Upset doesn’t even begin to cover it,” Clint snapped. “And yeah,” he continued,” it would be great to see Phil, but I can’t. You want to know why? Because I’m here, doing my fucking job. A job that apparently everyone else seemed to forget about! Including you. Where the hell have you been? What a convenient time for you to run off and play spy, don’t you think?”
“There is something bugging you,” Steve confirmed dejectedly, sliding off Tony to rest next to him. “Is it because of all the lies I told you?” Steve said softly, plucking at the comforter, unable to meet Tony’s gaze. “I know what I did was wrong, but you have to know how sorry- ”
“Buck- ”
Tony sighed, pouring himself another drink. It had been hours since Coulson had escorted Pepper to the closest police precinct with evidence against Stane. She was originally supposed to bring them to Fury at his headquarters, but Tony had shot them down quickly. Pierce was going to be there, and Tony wasn’t going to let Pepper anywhere near that monster.
Steve wasn’t a fan of it being directed at him. “It’s not you, it’s me,” Tony said slowly, grimacing at the words coming out of his mouth.
The Commandos had their own methods. Clint never found out if Phil talked to them about it, but Clint likes to imagine that the team was doing it just for him, not because they were told too. Steve always threw a warm shoulder over him after a training session, Nat made sure to always keep the refrigerator stocked with strawberry milk just because he said he liked it once. Bucky always came and sat with him for hours after a mission went wrong.
In one solid movement, he spun around and aimed his gun at Romanoff.
There wasn’t an excuse for that hole. Because it wasn’t supposed to be there. But it was, because Steve had been .81 seconds too late.
Turns out there was a reason that Barnes gave way so easily.
It wasn’t until he felt an arm grab him that he realized why. He turned mid-air to see Riley, chasing right after him, yanking at his chute to open. He pulled and pulled, holding tightly on to Sam as they got closer and closer to the ground. And then the chute had popped. Sam had jolted at the sudden decrease in speed, Riley hurtling past him for a few seconds before his own chute opened. Riley had saved his life.
There was no time like the present. Yinsen was right; he may not have constructed the bomb, but the situation doesn't seem to sway in his favor. While The Ten Rings have kept him alive this long, there's no telling how they'd respond to their own men being killed. They don't exactly have the best track record of keeping their cool - in fact, Tony had records on more than enough instances where they'd retaliated with gruesome violence and murder for events that were eons less devastating than this. Tony knew first hand that a mild inconvenience would be enough to piss them off.
“Huh,” Steve uttered.
“Coulson,” Steve prompted.
The rustles increased, accompanied by a faint sound of a-
Tony had patched himself up numerous times but this was an entire fucking limb. Tony wasn’t a doctor but even he could tell that blood loss would start to be an issue soon, if it wasn't already.
"When we got out of school, we were lucky enough to afford an apartment. It wasn’t much, definitely on the shadier side of Brooklyn, but it was home. It wasn’t long before I started coming home to find Cap going at it with another tenant. I tried to step in, more than once, but he stopped me. Every damn time. Said he knew what he was doing.
“What do I do?” he asked frantically. “Tell me what I need to do.”
Steve started to pull back. “Well, Tony, I don’t have to- ”
Every donation to them was heaven sent, but to Steve, that feeling was all he needed. A feeling that had never faded, never dulled, even months after their first recordings. Sitting with his friends, crammed around their small kitchen table, talking, laughing,
“What do you mean?”
Steve was pacing. He felt the weight of Stark’s gaze on him, but continued to ignore him. He knew what he wanted, but Steve was just as much in the dark as he was. It's nothing he had seen before either. Even when facing HYDRA the first time, they'd never resorted to something like this. This did not bode well. “How?”
Steve barely had time to react before a blustering man came storming into his office, rage seemingly fuming around him. “You authorized payment on the Walker policy!” his boss almost shouted.
Sam’s voice was calm, as it always was; a lighthouse shining through the night to keep him on course. Steve didn’t want to hear it. He’d rather sit back and wait for the storm to take him. Ignoring the question, Steve watched Hill pacing in the background, phone pressed tightly against her ear as she know doubt scrambled to find a team to come in and sweep the place. It was foolish; it was impossible to tell who was left anymore. Who was on their side anymore.
“What about them?”
"Did. You. Spill." When The Captain didn't answer, Tony fumed. "You did, didn't you? Why, you piece of
right now, is for you to give me a reason not to stop your heart right here."
Which left The Monger. If The Captain was willing to resort to unlikely allies, than he would do the same. It was a game, after all, and he was here for the long haul. Every move The Captain would make would be met with one twice as powerful. Stark was a threat, sure, there were enough whispers about The Monger that even had he, the head of HYDRA, turning his head. Their current arrangement was rocky, of course, but they had a common enemy.
Tony ignored her question; he just flew out of the building, looking to the ground for a familiar redhead. Sure enough, just behind one of the police lines was his old friend.
“No, Barton wanted an extra arm to hold his coffee.
that Steve would have even considered this a month ago.”
I see them and I think, ‘wow, how lucky am I that I get to spend the rest of my life with you?’”
“Right, because you’ve been doing such a bang up job already!” Tony barked.
In all honesty, if Clint hadn’t been a taken and committed man, he’s pretty sure his pants would have been on the ground.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Steve gasped, hands trailing over every inch of Tony’s skin that he could. Tony answered by kicking off his pants and jumping on Steve, jamming their mouths together. Steve groaned, letting Tony take and take with each messy kiss.
“When we were little,” Barnes started, ignoring Tony's outburst. “The Captain was… different, in a way. He wasn’t always like how he is now, you know; he used to be smaller. We didn’t have too much either, growing up. I remember we used to share shoes to save money. Hell, the poor kid had to stick newspapers in them so they could stay on.” Barnes chuckled, showing the rare and private smile that was usually preserved for those in the inner circle of The Commandos. “But he was always stubborn; he wouldn’t back down from a brick wall. He always said that ‘
“I’ll handle Obie,” Tony replied. “This is an SI problem. Good news, I’ll be locked in the workshop for the foreseeable future, so I’ll most likely not get kidnapped.”
Tony narrowed his eyes, but didn’t refute Steve. “New suit treating you ok?”
Of course, while Tony had thought he was staying away from the shallow parts of the pool in case he waded farther in, he was actually getting close to the deep end to dive right in.
“I don’t want to hear about it!” Pierce snapped, his hands raving through the air. “Don’t tell me about their coverage, Steve. Tell me how you’ll be keeping our company in the black! Tell me how that’s possible with you writing checks to every Harry Hardluck and Sally Sobstory that gives you a phone call!”
Hammer balled his hands in his fists, repressing the urge to kill the frightened man in front of him.
Tony stood up and reached for his tablet that sat upon his desk.
Also, I pinky promise that we will be back with Tony and all his lovely angst next week!
- where have the twins been in all of this?
“California King,” Bucky clarified.
"I'm worried."
The man nodded, tucking the phone away before tugging out a badge, handing it over to Steve. Steve took it gingerly, looking down at the ID, the FBI badge shining underneath. “Special Agent Fury,” the man repeated, gesturing at the license, where the same name was typed neatly on the laminated card.
“Just what?”
Yinsen placed down the weapon he was working on. “Are you sure?”
It was strange, Pierce thought to himself, as the pair slipped back down the long hall. The two of them were the furthest things from allies but here they were, walking in tandem as if nothing was wrong. They were the United States and the Soviets; fake smiles and promises shared between them while one waited for the other to make the first move, leading them into war.
He had been ignoring calls from Obie; Tony didn't need to deal with that right now. He needed to deal with this.
“We’ll kidnap Fury, get him to tell us where you are, we’ll come bust you out and
Ward scratched at the back of his head. “I’m not following.”
He wasn’t ready.
Steve sent a quick glare to the cat before picking the tree off the ground. He grunted softly as he adjusted his grip. A mere sapling was nothing Captain America couldn’t handle, but the last thing Steve needed today was to get covered in dirt from the upturned soil.
“In case you want to talk to more of your derelict friends,” Tony said.
Tony bit his lip. “Do you trust me now?”
Yinsen shot him a small smile. “You have others waiting for you. You have your whole life with them. Don’t waste it. Don’t waste it.”
but standing here with Steve, Sam could feel tears begin to well up in his eyes. A final confirmation needed to break the dam. Months of ignoring new stories and flipping channels, months of silencing the
Barnes sighed, before looking back at Tony. He had to admit, the mob man looked like he had seen better days. Not that Tony could really blame him; the guy just lost an arm. Dark rings sat on pale skin, accentuating his usually set of bright eyes, now looking dull and lifeless. The uniform he was wearing didn’t fit correctly, as if Barnes didn’t fill it out like he used to. The man shrugged. “Honestly, I’m not really sure. To talk, probably.”
Steve furrowed his brow. “Yea, I read something in the paper about him today. You seen him recently?”
“No worries.” He tried to shoot them a winning smile as he stood up, walking back over to the front door. “You came, and that’s enough for me.”
7:28 a.m.
How could The Captain -
“Well how about that,” Tony made a move for the coffee machine before Steve stopped him.
The jet pulled up alongside Stark Industries, and Steve could only look in horror at the huge hole in the side of the once sleek building. His eyes immediately scanned the skies, the ground, and the building, searching for the familiar streak of red and gold. But there was no suit; Tony wasn’t there. Which could only mean he was still inside. Steve glanced back down at the city below, his mind formulating a quick plan.
One of Steve’s many qualities, one that Tony found incredibly hot, was that sometimes he got a little too protective when it came to the team. Nothing made Tony get all hot and bothered more than a Captain America on a rampage when one of the team was put in the line of fire.
The blonde pulled up the second chair and sidled down in front of Tony. “And why does that matter?”
“Stay there,” Clint snapped, heart thumping as Bucky tore through traffic. “Don’t go anywhere until I come get you, you understand?”
“Why bother?” Steve shrugged. “You already know why we’re here.”
“You look ridiculous,” Steve answered instead, arms crossing as Clint hid the club under the apron, giggling madly.
Hill hummed. “With me,” she answered, not even waiting for his response before turning on here heel and heading towards the elevators in the back. Steve scrambled to follow, trailing behind the woman like a lost puppy. He continued to cast side eyes as they progressed, watching for any sign that was going to immediately turn south. In doing so, he almost missed Hill reach into her back pocket and thrust the contents back towards him, without turning around.
“Get. Out. Of. My. Way.”
Tony opted to ignore him, placing the new reactor in Pepper’s hand. “Come on, we’ve got to get this in,” he told her, before placing the phone to his ear.
He couldn't even finish before the room exploded, both camera flashes and shouts consuming the room. He could feel himself being yanked from the microphones in Obie's steel grip, his voice now trying to carry over the crowd, to keep it tame, but Tony didn't hear him. His eyes searched the room until he found Steve again.
A split second later, his wings snapped out of the pack, the span of the manmade feathers arching other both Steve and Sam’s head, and whacking right into the officer.
“What are you saying?”
“What the hell, J,” hissed Tony who at first tried to slide his feet against the floor to hinder Steve’s progress, but being a super soldier has its perks.
“Here.”
“Well it’s a good thing I have that covered,” came a new voice.
“Alright then,” The Captain sighed. “Let’s get started.” He was seated at the head of the table, looking just as tired as Tony felt. “I’m sure everyone’s been briefed on what happened at the warehouse,” he said. “You’ll all be happy to know that we pulled away with a win,” The Captain added with a brief glance at Tony.
“Now, then,” Steve said, looking over at Clint. “What was our question for this week?”
The woman blushed furiously before handing over her phone. “Oh, of course. Anything to help you Mr. Stark.”
spiel. Tony wondered what it would be like to be a law-abiding citizen. To put so much blatant trust in the government, in the system. To be so oblivious to agendas, hidden beneath pompous propaganda and plastic smiles. To think everything was black and white.
“Did you get anything from Hammer’s man?” one of the men asked.
“How naive of you,” murmured The Skull. “Surely by now you would have figured out that why you’ve survived as long as you have.”
he thought to himself. The phone offered more than relief; it offered the chance for healing, and Clint wouldn’t miss this chance for anything.
“I think so,” Steve replied. “Let’s get out of here!”
“Not much. All I know is that he just left the station a little while ago. He’s going to make a move.”
Tony grinned. “Well, if we’re being technical, it belonged to dear old dad. The SSR gave it to him back in the day. I guess this building was an old clothing shop that was a front for the bar, but was abandoned not long after the prohibition ended. The SSR found the building and used it for secret meetings with the government during World War II, hence the Kind Arthur set up over there.  But, ever since dad’s kicked the bucket, I’ve swooped in and made a few adjustments of my own; advancements if you will. I use it a lot for when I need to go on a work binge, or if I need to lay low for a few days.”
pissed.
Tony stood up from the bar in a huff, walking over to the couches, flopping into the cushions. He could smell a faint whiff of Natasha’s perfume. Maybe he should call Pepper again, see how things were going. It shouldn’t be taking this long, right?
“Do I even want to ask how screwed we are?”
He could feel the heat of Tony’s gaze upon him. “Okay, so is that like a sign that I should go and call my pilot? Because I’m kinda getting one of those murder vibes you guys give off, and hey listen, buddy, I’m totally with you, just let me, you know what, maybe I should- ”
“Should I go pack, or do you have that covered already as well?”
“Yes, he’s right over here. Come.”
Barnes wasn’t one to judge. He didn’t demean, or scoff at the hidden truths. He was just a solid presence, a silent ear for their woes, an unbiased party as they worked through their issues out loud. Tony thought that maybe after all the things that Barnes had done in his life, he didn’t exactly have room to judge. Or more likely, Steve wasn’t actually full of shit this whole time, and Barnes was actually a decent guy.
“Like what?” a voice called out.
Clint snorted, unable to contain his goofy smile. “Yeah, I know. I love you, too.”
“That’s alright,” Bucky said, cutting Steve off from another comment. “We’re not here to see Mr. Stark anyway. We’re here for Ms. Potts.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “What is this?”
Something’s wrong.
Steve spun around at the disembodied voice, gun already up. “Who’s there?” he asked into the dimly lit room, eyes tracking around the perimeter.
Tony shrugged. “You answer mine, I answer yours. Let’s start. Why am I here?”
Loki rolled his eyes. It sounded like a disastrous idea. One that ended with him dead. “Do all of The Commandos share your brains?”
Tony hissed. “Where the fuck have you been?”
And while at the time of the conversation, Tony had thought that Barnes’s menacing nature was all it took to turn a man into a blubbering idiot, he could see that it was for an entirely different reason when it related to the gang.
“He does, but the local retirees love it. You might have some competition from the Golden Girls.”
“Well, excuse me,” Steve huffed. “I just figured that a trip like this would require some precedence.”
“One of our men has been kidnapped. It wasn’t HYDRA; it was one of the mobs here in Manhattan. I need you to help find out who took him.”
Tony lay sprawled over his cot, his ears still ringing from the blast.
Steve hummed in agreement. “They had eyes and ears everywhere. Mobs learned very quickly that if they were to step out of line, the SSR would cut them off cold turkey, feeding unlimited info to their rivals until they were all eradicated. But no one fought them for power – as the years went on, their strength and knowledge only grew. They could get information on anything and anyone. Mobs feared them, but didn’t dare try to get rid of them.”
it’s me,” the ghost tried to reason.
“Yea, but how many did I
“You thought he was dead?” Pepper whispered to him.
Tony shot an arm out and grabbed at her scrubs. “Is he… Will he be- ” Tony broke himself off with a sigh. He couldn’t even get through the words. Tony had prided himself on how he’d created an armor over the years. A way to protect himself for others. Their feelings, reactions, problems. But Tony knew, deep down, that there would be no way to save himself from the burden of Barnes’ death. That after everything they’d just been through, Tony would still have to go back to The Captain and his men, and tell them that he hadn’t been quick enough. That he hadn’t been good enough. He could almost see The Captain’s face now. And Tony knew that it would kill him.
“Fuck you,” Clint hissed. “I’m not leaving him again.” He tore out of Tony’s grasp, sprinting towards SI, Tony unable to do anything but follow.
he heard Steve whisper. “I thought you were gone.”
Right?
“Don’t look at me like that, boy,” Stane snarled. “You know, when I put the hit out on you,” Tony’s heart clenched at the confirmation, “I was worried that I was killing the golden goose.” Obidiah leaned over him, his bulking frame menacing. He grabbed at Tony’s shirt and ripped it down the middle, the light of his arc reactor illuminating their faces.
“Yes, Captain Rogers. May I assist you?”
Barnes scrambled over to his side, eyes wide as they traced over Tony's body, looking for any type of negative reaction. Upon reaching Tony's face, his worried frown turned to a glare, watching as Tony grinned up at him. "I hate you," he grit out, slapping at Tony's shoulder. "Don't ever do that again."
Steve nodded, his body still tense. “Of course. I need you to do something for me.”
Nick smiled as his last explosion rocked through the building. He had seen Iron Man go in.
Bucky shook his head. “This footage is from two days ago. Steve met with Loki again.”
“Soldiers were either dead or still deployed. Everyone was too worried about their next meal or if they were going to get bombed by the Germans that no one had time to worry about problems on their own turf. Mobs ran the city: selling arms, running booze, you name it. Everyone thought the world was ending anyway, so no one bothered to stop them.”
Fury froze in his seat, his eye never leaving Tony. “Stane. Obadiah Stane,” he repeated slowly. “As in your current CFO, Stane.”
“Well, I came here to save your ass, didn’t I?” scoffed Stark.
Clint looked back at his house but could feel his body still tight as a coil, vibrating with anger. He turned right, opting to walk through the surrounding woods on his property, trying to calm down.
She gasped, hand reaching out for her door handle.
“We’re not saying no,” Tony continued. “We’re just saying not now. Steve and I got everyone into this mess, but you know that we’re going to get you out, right?”
Clint let himself be pulled up and dragged into the next room. He watched as Natasha walked over to a sleeping Bucky, swaddled in blankets on an old couch, whiskey bottle in his one hand. She pushed her fingers through his hair softly, brushing a small kiss across his forehead. “How is he?”
The resounding thud that filled the now silent room was loud, but nowhere near as satisfying as it should have been. Blood pooled around the grimy floor, the bright red accenting the off white tiles. The occupants inside barely had time to react before Steve was stepping through the threshold, shooting another one of Hammer’s men straight between the eyes. Maybe there were shouts. Maybe there wasn’t. Steve couldn’t hear anything besides the blood rushing in his ears, the red staining his vision.
-------------------------
When no one responded, Steve took a step forward. “Of course, Mr. Stark. Thank you again for your hospitality.”
Rhodey's eyes softened, placing a strong hand on Tony's shoulder. "I can handle it."
“Underneath.” Rhodes cut in. His brow was furrowed, but his eyes wide with a glimmer of a new idea.
But apparently what it would bring was fuck-all. Which seemed to bug Steve more than any of the other empty-bed mornings. Sure, Steve knew that Tony was a workaholic and when he says, “
call.”
“That’s our Sebby!” Tony chuckled, slapping Bucky hard on the back. “All work and no play.”
But he knew Barnes didn’t see it that way, and he never would. All he saw was him walking away from his family, leaving him to the vultures of the United States government. And that was nothing he could forgive himself for.
“You just told me to torch Hammer’s warehouse and now you don’t want me going near his weapons?”
He trailed after Obie in a daze, eyes darting all over the bar in front of him, still searching for any type of clue that could lead to the discovery that he was hiding the crew in there.nObie pulled down a stool, taking a seat next to the bottle, reaching over the bar to pluck another glass, helping himself generously to the scotch.
Sam groaned. “Perfect. So we know nothing.”
“What the hell is going on here?” Sam called over, wedging himself between the two men that seemed close to blows.
Steve quirked his lips playfully. “Thanks, but I don’t need any help.”
Natasha seemed to agree with his sentiment, mouthing a
Just a side note: School has started up again, and believe it or not, but Tony Stark may have misled everyone:
With that, Hammer just laughed. “You just missed him.”
to close to his ass for comfort. “I’ll go tell the girls. They’ll be so excited!” And with that she sped off down the block, pep and he step, no doubt to brag to the other lonely housewives that she finally managed to bag the big one.
“You heading to the club tonight, Steve?”
to decide whether or not its in their best interest of pursuing. HE wasn't going to waste time figuring out if Fury was the type to just write some shit down and send him on his merry way, or be in the minority that actually put on the blue uniform to help people. Fury probably wasn't one of them; those poor blokes get themselves killed too young. “I can’t imagine how much more light I could shed on the situation,” he finally grit out.
He caught a small, surprised smile grace Tony’s face. “Good. I’m glad.”
“This is fine,” Tony replied, gesturing to where he was on his back, Steve leaning over him.
But Tony whirled around, cutting him off. “I won’t let them do this to you. It’s my turn to protect you. Now,
“The shield’s not a weapon.”
"Don't bother trying to spin your way out of this one," snapped Pierce. "You told me that was where I would find The Captain. But you knew that's where the Ten Rings were holding Stark. You've got your little birds everywhere, don't you? Spinning your web, playing every side so everyone loses - except you, right? Well, we're done playing your game."
Steve opened his eyes long enough to see the red that dripped down onto the charred ground below him. Taking a shaking and already cut up hand, Steve dragged it across his head only for it to come back more bloody. Trying to move his aching body was futile as well; the jarring movement shot pain coursing through his body, almost causing him to lose consciousness again. Steve looked around, but saw nothing but endless walls of fire and smoke, threatening to close in around him.
And there went that theory. Clint did see that there were a few members of the group that didn't appear to appreciate his statement. But he hadn't ever got a chance to confront them, as when he went to go look for them the next day, they were nowhere to be seen. All he did see was Steve, giving him another smile and a tight nod. He should have known that if Steve was willing to accept him being a deaf, homeless hitman, he wouldn't have a problem with him being gay.
Finally reaching the main gate, Tony was happy to find that Strange’s people had left the gate unlocked from when they entered. Tony walked back onto pavement, turning around to read the sign.
Steve shook his head, his heart beating erratically. “That’s not possible,” he whispered. “Tony was in the warehouse with me; we'd already been taken at that point. There was no way that he could have sent that email.”
“Maybe it didn’t come from on the street,” Natasha murmured.
that he could relay to Steve that he was safe now; that Tony would always be there for him.
The rest of the car ride was silent, but Steve couldn’t have been more grateful. There were probably hundreds of questions that Bucky and the rest of the crew wanted to ask him; here were a lot of questions he wanted to ask them as well. But Bucky kept his distance, focusing on the road ahead.
Stane raised an eyebrow in question. “That’s right,” Pierce started again. “He told me about your little chat with him. Turns out I wasn’t the only one keeping secrets from my business partners. You try and double cross me, I double cross you. That’s business. You want this to work? Then we need to work together so we both get what we want.”
He’d never forget the feeling of Phil’s lips on his own.
"That could have been anyone," Tony babbled, mostly to comfort himself.  "A lot of people would like to see me dead."
Steve whispered fondly.
Phil rolled his eyes. “You are insatiable.”
Get your shit together before I figure out it’s in my best interest to leave you here so I can have Tony to myself.”
And not come back out.
Barnes stared at him for a long moment. “Fine.”
“Bucky, what the hell?”
He heard Steve scream his name and thrust up a final time, hips bowing perfectly. Tony closed his eyes and imagined he could feel Steve’s seed spilling inside him. He barely had time to revel in the feeling before Steve’s hand was back on his cock.
Steve’s breath hitched as his brain replayed Tony flopping around the hospital bed, the doctors screaming, the instruments blaring as they struggled to get his blood pumping again. "His heart stopped," Steve whispered brokenly. "Twice."
It had been a little harder sneaking out this time, what with Bucky and the rest of his crew hovering over his shoulder. He could only hope that they could forgive him one day. Keeping this from them nearly killed him, but if he had let this opportunity pass, then it would have actually killed them. If there was one thing Steve knew he could still do, it was protect his family one last time.
“What do you mean?” Steve questioned.
“It’s a public event, Steve,” Tony sighed, tucking the blankets tighter against Steve’s side, dodging the other man’s attempts to push him away. “Complete with private security. I’ll be as safe as can be.”
“This is all your fault,” Sam griped, already trying to find an exit.
“What is this?” the blonde asked quietly, his large hand engulfing the small scrap of metal.
Bucky sighed, walking over until he crouched in front of Steve. “Listen, Clint’s got the twins looking in to this, Steve, but they’re not going to find much if you won’t tell us anything. We need to find Tony. Help us find him.”
he thought to himself. He toed his shoes off, kicking them towards the general direction of the front door before turning around, intent of heading to the bathroom to start up the shower. His journey was stopped however, by the ringing of his cell phone.
“What truth?” Phil cried in response. “I’ve answered all of your questions. What more could you possibly need to know?!”
Steve followed his lead, standing up. “I’ll, uh, see you tomorrow I guess.” Steve watched as Tony sauntered up the stairs before heading back outside, shield tight in his grip as he started his vigil.
“Nothing’s showing up on the X-rays,” a nurse responded. “There’s not even an exit wound.”
It was unlike Tony to be so hyped up on energy after a flight, no matter how involved it was. None of them usually were. Regardless of how strenuous the mission was, adrenaline would eventually crash, and they’d spend any journey back lounging, reading, resting, and such. Today was different, as Tony bounced around the jet like a popcorn cooking, much to everyone’s amusement. Well,
“And what are you saying? You going to go in there and kill him yourself?”
“I don’t care what you think. You’re more reckless than Tony ever was!”
Loki sighed again. “That’s the thing, Captain. You don’t get to choose. It’s either Option A, or B. You don’t get both.”
“Sure, come on in,” Tony responded, closing the door behind him. He watched as Barnes stepped around his office, no doubt taking in every detail that he could.
Barton froze, eyes doing a quick once over on his body before dragging him inside, leading him to the edge of the bed. After Tony was settled, Barton went back to close the door and flick on the overhead light. Tony tried, and most likely failed, to ignore the current state of the disarrayed room.
“Very bad. Very very bad.”
“They’ll die.”
Steve sighed again, turning to have all The Commandos staring at him. “Grab your gear. We leave now.” Everyone scrambled to comply, not daring to talk back.
“Mr. Stark. You really should reconsider- ”
“Do they know that you killed them all?” Tony sneered.
He left the room, walking back upstairs and towards their meeting room only to run into Bucky.
Returning stateside, Sam yearned to head back south. Go back to his family, back to the familiar scenery, and join everyone else.
“Shut the door behind you,” she hissed.
When did Howard get there? Why was he yelling at Steve?
Tony took another deep breath. There was nothing to worry about. His family was here. No threat would get close to touching him.
“Oh nothing, just going into cardiac arrest because she yanked it out like a trout, and- ”
Clint tightened his hands into fists. “Does he really hate Steve that much?”
“What the hell do we do now?”
The cold lip of a metal cup was pushed up against his mouth. “Of course you will,” Yinsen continued. “You were out like a light after two punches. You’re still dehydrated, still healing from the warehouse.”
She must have just gotten done with her shift, the early morning light showing her tired expression.
he had never been more embarrassed when he was checking out. What was worse, was that the young girl at the register
“Don’t,” he interrupted. “I know what you’re going to say. It wasn’t your fault; you couldn’t have known that would happen.”
“No doubt to place another bomb.”
Tony grinned. Well, it's a good thing he knows someone that would be oh so willing to help.
“I should go,” Steve whispered. Tony nodded numbly, feeling Steve’s hands drop away, leaving him cold.
The door slammed behind the pair as they walked into the dimly lit room.
“What are you saying?” Tony walked up next to him, linking their hands together.
There was no way they should have made it as far as they did, no way they should be breathing the same air as Tony. But despite all of that, Asgard managed to skyrocket in profit over the last few years, what with Thor’s easy charm and his brother’s silver tongue. It’s just a scam. They take average equipment and magic it into top of the line products. It’s like that shit with Ikea. Call a hunk of wood some fancy Swedish name, throw in an allen wrench and boom: you think you’re dealing with the Picasso of furniture.
“Hey Sam!” Pietro called.
Both men drank in silence, enjoying each other’s company. Who would have known Clint Barton, the man whose life had been ripped apart by Loki’s schemes would still toast to him in the end. Thor smiled softly at Clint.
One of them spun to look at him. “Stark, what are you- ”
“JARVIS will watch over the whole place. Trust me; we’re as safe as can be. So what do ya say, Cap? Good enough for you?”
Obie sighed. “Tony, you have to understand- ”
Tony startled, no doubt remembering his reasoning himself, before rushing over to where the ceiling should have fallen. “There were no
Pepper sighed softly. “I’m saying, that an email like that only could have been made if the hacker was already through the firewalls. It could only have been made if they worked here.”
The mask snapped open, revealing the smiling pilot on the inside.
“Alright. Even more awkward. I gotta go. Don’t worry, JARVIS will show you around. So yea.”
He had barely placed one foot out of the car before Steve felt himself falling, having caught the edge of Pietro’s skateboard. Steve lurched, his arm scrambling out to stop his fall. Unfortunately, the only thing to catch him was the car, and before Steve could change his mind, he heard the metal creak as it bent under the grip of his hand.
he mouthed at Steve.
Clint leapt out of the car, and started sprinting towards the building. It didn’t matter; the car was stolen anyway.
Steve startled from his dream, almost falling right out of the hospital chair. His chest tightened, the throbbing as painful as if he was still stuck in his scrawny body, unable to protect himself.
Clint heard a shuffle of feet, followed by a large thud. Then nothing.
Barton wove through traffic wildly, speeding up to make the next light, turning right. “Treachery?”
“Trust me on this one,” he drawled with an easy smile.
“The mob for the mob man,” Steve responded from memory. “They started small, picking up bits and pieces, whispers from the streets. They knew who to talk to, and it wasn’t long before they had enough to start tipping off the local mafias. Who had the best guns, which routes to avoid when smuggling, the best times to operate their business.”
“But I thought- ”
“Yes, I
“I’m sorry, what?” Tony jeered.
“Boring. How’s the coffee?”
She let Ward lead her down the hallway, Sam trailing behind him. Once in the bathroom, she stalled, waiting the appropriate amount of time to wait before flushing an empty toilet. She walked over to the sink and turned on the water, looking in the mirror instead, fixing her hair. After a few moments she flicked the faucet off and wiped her hands with an unneeded paper towel.
warehouses,” Steve breathed, heart pounding fiercely against his rib cage. “We’ve been so blind.”
-------------------------
Tony’s heart clenched at the tone.
Steve paused, looking back into Tony’s eyes, searching for something he already knew was there. “No,” he replied.
Steve shook his head, his lower lip trembling. “Tony, not today. You can negate me every other day for the rest of my life, but right now you need to let me take care of you. Please
The men nodded. “We’ve got enough explosives to start a third world war,” one answered. “With the blast radius, we won’t even have to get inside. Just load up the perimeter, and boom.”
No one ever does.
Steve thought possessively.
“I’m just telling you what I’ve heard. There are whispers going around that they’re not all gone and that they’re hiding out in the city.”
Scrambling out of the car, the pair raced to the back as Sam popped the trunk, tossing Steve a ski mask before putting one on himself. Not waiting for Sam to try and talk him out of it again, Steve raced down the block, towards the burning building.
“You need what I know,” answered Steve. “You need the SSR’s secrets.”
“Why are you doing this?”
Steve walked out to the factory. Another job. He stared out at the white tarp and frowned. He checked his watch again.
No. It wasn’t Captain Grant. Because it wasn’t Steve Rogers standing in his waiting room.
Tony was cut off by Bucky snatching him into a tight hug. “Oh God, you’re gonna kill me. This is the end, isn’t it?” Steve smiled at the pair, blatantly ignoring the wetness that started to form at the edge of his eyes.
That’s why. Tony remember her boasting about her being a rising star; Tony had been more interested in the curve of her backside.
Sam didn’t even look up from his phone. “Until you learn to appreciate art when you hear it.”
What a load of bullshit.
A flurry of emotion passed over Tony’s face, as if he hadn’t expected Steve to ask that. More like, he hadn’t expected Steve to catch on so quickly. It was gone in a flash however, replaced by a mask of indifference. “I mean, yeah, I guess.”
“It’s not a problem, ma’am,” Steve returned to Pepper, completely ignoring the other man.
Steve gently pulled Tony to the side, finally standing up to walk towards Clint.
“Buck,” Steve scolded.
It was a nervous habit, obviously. A dangerous man like Barnes would be stupid not to constantly be aware of his surroundings. But it was more than that; the metal-armed man didn’t like being here. The room was one thing – a glass, almost aquarium like structure, open on all sides, offering almost no cover and shadows for the hit man.
Natasha rolled her eyes and pulled away. “You’ve got your job, and I’ve got mine. It’s sweet of your to worry about me, but I’m fine. We’re fine.”
Steve blinked up at the structures in front of them. “I’m sorry, I’m confused. What is this?”
“Come on, Cap, it’s a thousand dollars! Think of all the pizzas I can order with that kind of money.”
he thought to himself, speeding over to the rest of the group. “What’d Clint do?” he asked.
Coulson shook his head. “Not exactly. I heard Fury mention the name a few times.”
“No time,” Steve answered, grabbing Tony’s hand. “It’s date night.”
“Clint, I
“I disagree,” replied Tony, not able to hold back his smile. “Nothing beats sleeping in your own bed. It’s a long flight in the jet, but I think it’s worth it. All in agreement?”
A phone call pulled him out of his head.
“Did you really think Loki was on your side?” Skull chuckled, pulling out a gun. “That he would keep your secrets? The game is over, Captain.”
Steve snorted, trailing a hand down Tony’s arm. “Sounds familiar. Not sure when we’re going to have time to plan this little excursion. I don’t know if you remember, but we’re all getting shipped off to solitary tomorrow.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “You’re playing dirty.”
“Oh, please,” Tony continued. “That look doesn’t work on me. I thought we had a plan.”
Hammer cried out, instantly collapsing on the ground. “What the hell?!”
“It’s Wednesday.”
It was pitch dark out, the grassy area that Tony stepped out into not having almost no lighting. He walked a bit further, only to trip over a huge rock. Pain flared up his entire side, his injuries from the fire remaking themselves known. Tony stood up, grumbling, and turned around to be met with a gravestone.
Clint had thought. Then it struck him.
Barton opened the door, peeking around each side. “I slip you out the back, tell everyone you got the jump on me. It’s not fool proof, but it’s the best we can do. I let you land a few punches and hopefully Cap will be too worried about my health to figure it out.”
Bucky faltered, eyes closing.
Steve snorted and pushed back on his knees. “How you’ve managed to convince the world that you’re a suave playboy is beyond me.” Steve crawled off the bed and stepped back over to the end table, Tony unable to pull his eyes from the thick length the bobbed between his legs with each step. The drawer was opened again, and Steve pulled out a condom.
“Tony? Tony, you in here?” Steve walked into the large lab of Avengers headquarters, carefully pushing a stroller full of a dozing Peter.
Steve changed his course to headquarters.
“After,” Tony agreed. “Except for the camping thing,” he scoffed. “You may have a lot of leeway, Rogers, but you’ve gotten one too many concussions if you think you could ever convince me to spend a night wrapped in a tarp in the woods.”
“What happened?”
The Captain’s voice echoed loudly behind him. “Barton!”
“There is no way that I’m- ”
“I’m just saying that I get that we’re asking a lot from a guy who’s been through a lot of shit.”
Pepper huffed, patting his cheek lightly. “You’re a terrible liar.” Tony shot her his best wounded stare until her shoulders finally sagged. “Fine," she sighed. "I’ll go. You," she added, pointing at tony as she stood up. "Don’t antagonize anyone until I get back; I wanna watch it happen.”
“It looks like our guy is a no show,” Bucky said with a grimace. He had really hoped this would have worked out. For as much as an ass that Stark was, the idea he had wasn’t half bad. It was their only chance to finally get a lead on HYDRA, but now it seemed like they were back to square one. “I’ll text Cap,” he continued. “This isn’t working.”
“You know, that’s pretty rich coming from the guy whose name I don’t even know,” Tony snapped.
But he was wrong. The colors were wrong, the colors were gone. Gone like the toy soldiers, that he kept safely in his desk. Nothing more than a blackened, melted pile of plastic now.
“Like anyone could tell the difference between the two. Or any of these states for that matter. Wow, another 300 miles of flat farmland? Oh, another turbine farm? More corn?
“I know.”
The man gave Tony his usual small smile, now only making him want to be sick as Tony saw it laced with blood. “It’s alright, Stark. I want this, I want this.”
"We’re on the right side of the East River. By the docks. Hurry.
Steve returned to a silent apartment. He immediately walked over to his safe, quickly pulling the rug away. Opening the safe he found all of his silver in place, and no Bucky. On one of the bars was a splatter of blood.
He thought of Steve and The Commandos, waging war and taking revenge for him.
Steve huffed out a laugh before letting the silence envelope him. Of course, it wouldn’t be like that for long. Just like Bucky, everyone else would be getting ready to start on their morning grind. Working nights and coming home to rest when everyone else started their days seemed like it would have been an issue, but Steve actually found he liked it, able to slip off into a dreamless sleep to the comforting sounds of the neighborhood.
Tony let the woman walk past him and into his house. Looking back out into the woods, he couldn’t see Steve, but Tony knew he was out there. Seeing that the woman had already made her way into Tony’s kitchen, Tony thought it safe enough for him to leave the door open.
“Tiny hands?” Barnes asked. “Tiny hands for wh- oh, God,” he broke off, staring at Tony’s chest. “This is
“Lie to me,” Tony answered softly. “About you, about- ”
Steve thought.
Tony ran a hand over his goatee, his fingers scraping through the coarse hair. “The Ten Rings? Definitely one of the more seedier groups you'll meet on the street. More of a hit squad than a mob. You have a problem and they’ll take care out it, as long as you make it worth their while. The only loyalty they have is to money. Maybe The Monger is HYDRA's bank; assuming that he had enough influence, he could get the Ten Rings to act as their personal hit squad.”
Steve closed his eyes as fresh tears spilled down his cheeks.
There had been somebody before. A woman. Before The Commandos - during the reign of the SSR, he imagined. Clint didn't push any further - he knew better than anyone that were just some things were just meant to stay buried - but since then, there hadn't been anyone else. Turns out Steve didn't have a problem falling for people, it was just when he did, he fell hard.
Christine laughed. “You know, I almost bought it. That bullshit speech you gave about ending weapons manufacturing? I should have known it wasn’t real.”
“It’s a long story,” Tony responded sheepishly, rubbing a hand along the back side of his neck. “But consider it a peace offering. We had a couple of rocky starts, but third time’s the charm, right?”
Bucky mouthed at him, but Steve just shook his head.
“A hit squad shouldn’t be too much of an issue. We’ve got the numbers, we can probably take them out,” someone responded. Dugan, was it?
It wasn’t long after that that Tony went into full-fledged panic mode. He had known how angry The Captain had been at the Hammer fiasco. And while originally it was hot, The Captain’s anger focused mainly on Hammer and his men. But if The Captain somehow got it into his head that Tony was behind it?
“Steve, listen to me. This is for the greater good. Stark needs to die.”
Zola sighed.
“You sound surprised,” said Yinsen, leaning back to look at his work. “Who do you think pulled the shrapnel out of your chest?”
he thought to himself viciously.
“Yeah, just some movies, alright,” Steve deadpanned.
Tony shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not. Probably a waste of time considering I’ve been hacking into the FBI’s database since my drunken college days. Seriously, I could pinpoint you in minutes.”
“How’s your face?” The Captain retorted.
Tony hummed, sinking into the expansive bed, Steve following quickly, accepting every kiss that came his way. He could feel Steve peel away the layers of his clothing, not leaving a single stretch of naked skin without a peck in his wake. They curled around each other, soaking up the other’s warmth.
?” he whispered, hands shaking as he picked up the first one, depicting a sleeping Tony in front of his computer.
Bucky laid the photos out on the table. “Stark got these from CCTV footage from the city. Steve’s been meeting with Loki.”
“What do you want me to say?” Phil spit out. “To fess up and say I was in on it the whole time? You know what? You’re right, Sir. It was me. I went and put a hit on myself so I could get the extra vacation days.”
“That’s the spirit!” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hand. “I’ll even let you choose which one next you want to look at.”
He was about to reach for the door when he paused, hand freezing as it reached out for the handle. Uncertainty, once again, crept through his veins and he turned to look back at his creation. An inviting fire burned in the center, the glow illuminating mismatched pillows and blankets that littered both the truck bed and the ground. A small cooler propped open revealed the makings of smores and gas station whiskey. Steve had even strung some LED string lights on the tree next to them, the bulbs twinkling next to the stars. A small radio sat on a log, quietly playing what Steve assumed was the only classic rock station in the entire state. He’d also gone as far as getting a mini grill, prepped and ready to fry up some burgers.
“Yes,” Hammer breathed out. “I’m just a pawn.”
Tony scoffed. “I don’t know, how much time you got?” he sneered.
“Are you hungover? Seriously, Tony? You’ve got a
as Bucky liked to call it, working desk security for a corporate office in Manhattan.
Rogers looked up with wide eyes before disappearing completely.
"Never thought we'd be back in here together," Pierce said, keeping his tone light.
Tony gazed up to see Steve Rogers blue eyes widened with concern staring back down in him. In the moonlight, the orbs seemed to almost glow.
“No,” Bucky disagreed. “I don’t think we can put it off any longer. He’s getting worse, Stark. I mean, I just had a conversation with him, but the man that I talked with was not Steve. He’s gonna do something dumb. Like, Loki dumb. Now look, the boys and I were talking. I know we should tell Steve about Loki, but I’m not. I want you too. I want you to come back and tell Steve about Loki, because we haven’t yet. I know it’s a shitty move and you can hate me later, but we need you, Stark. The others… the others don’t believe that you’ll come back. Not after everything that's happened. I know you would’ve, eventually, but we just don't have that kind of time anymore. We just… we’re desperate. And desperate people will do the worst of things if it means protecting your family.”
“Oh, the boy who cried mole! You really expect me to believe that?”
“Go on then, you sap. Better hit the road before he starts groaning again.”
Rogers remembered that Natasha lived with her brother, Clint. They were the only family they had; the two were inseparable.
“Yes. I saw it. I was there when they…” Steve clenched his jaw. “I was there.”
Steve huffed, crossing his arms against his chest. “Well, don’t feel obligated to join if you’re not interested. I’ll go and enjoy the sappy crap by myself.”
Steve froze. “You think he’s still going to listen to my podcast?”
And what does he do now? He almost kills his best friend, as well as ending a friendship that had just started to flourish. Hell, half of his crew is MIA, the rest probably ready to quit after recent events.
Steve flushed at Tony’s words, heat rising to his cheeks. “You decrypt the data we sent you?” Steve asked, quickly changing the subject.
Steve picked up the list, eyes filtering over the page. The ink might as well have been written in blood. Their blood. They could have been anyone. Officials, teachers, chefs,
“How many times do I have to tell you, call me Susan. Now, don’t worry about bringing anything, just yourself is more than enough,” she leered, before patting his backside, getting
“What about the files?” He could feel Tony’s glare, the man obviously not happy with him jumping the gun.
“Too easy,” Steve replied.
"And, Ward?”
The uncertainty worried Steve the most. This didn’t necessarily seem like a huge threat – Bruce was still safely tucked away in the quinjet as they were nowhere near calling for a Code Green – but sometimes an opponent with no plan ended up with the worst outcomes. It certainly seemed that HYDRA had no qualms for taking innocents down with them.
Steve gazed down at the small buzzer, testing it out. It worked like a charm. “Where did you find this?”
“Lies," Steve snapped, flicking the blade across Hammer's cheek. He looked good in red.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there, collapsed in Bucky’s arms, while his friend hummed an old tune his mom used to sing to him when he was sick. It was so achingly familiar, Bucky always there to save him, to protect him. Even from himself.
Steve ripped his hand away from Hammer’s mouth, pushing the man towards the wall. “I-I don’t- ”
Tony had smirked.
Tony had asked.
“I can’t.”
It was a small signal, but that was all Steve needed. He and Sam had paired up way too often in the old days to still need verbal clues.
He adjusted his grip on his shield, rolling his shoulders. Everyone always gave him shit for using a shield. They said it made no sense; why use a hunk of metal when he had the highest quality guns on hand. But Steve knew better.
They don’t make shit like that anymore.”
Tony needed to get in there. Maybe he could draw him out?
Steve sat with Bucky at the club.
Bucky’s head snapped to the left and let out a sigh of relief, seeing Hill stumbling over to him. “Hill,” he greeted. “We need to get him to a hospital.”
because I can bend press the same weight as you.”
“Not the way I heard it,” Steve smiled innocently. “Come on, it’s going to be fun.”
Steve rolled his eyes, before gesturing to his office. Clint nodded, but moved in the opposite direction. Probably to find Bucky.
Steve turned to find Sam and Natasha sitting next to a parked ambulance. A doctor was still putting some bandages over Natasha’s ribs.
“Navy,” he confirmed, nodding to himself.
“No,” Steve snapped. “He’s here. He has to be. Tony? Tony!”
The water was still cold when he stepped in, but Steve paid it no mind. He didn’t want to waste time in there anyway. Steve just focused on scrubbing, washing away any evidence, thinking about his warm bed and equally warm engineer waiting for him there.
Definitely not a good sign.
“Alright, alright, Rogers,” Tony frowned, smacking him lightly on the chest. “You made your point.”
He closed his eyes, waiting for the first man to step behind his cover. When he heard a guy to his left, Steve sprung up using the added weight of his makeshift shield to throw the other man to the ground. Not waiting another breath, Steve spun the lid in his hand, bringing it down hard on the man’s skull. He reached for the gun left behind, snapping it up to face the open warehouse, shield raised and ready in his other hand.
Tony eyed the close up of the mystery man. "Who the hell are you?"
Steve smiled, unable to pull the man into a hug. “Take care of yourself, Sam,” he whispered. “Make sure Pierce gets put in the ground. For the family.”
It had been Bucky who had found him as well, eventually able to pull him away from the body. He had been inconsolable for months, taking unnecessary risks, just praying that the rest of HYDRA would just kill him already so he could finally be at peace. But then Bucky started talking crazy, started talking about putting a new team together.
He couldn’t even imagine a time that he didn’t think Pepper was perfect for this life. Even in the first five minutes of them meeting, she was dragging him down the hall by his collar to an investor’s meeting. By the next week, she had her own chair at the table next to his.
“Didn’t do a very good job,” Steve croaked sadly.
When Tony saw her he had to pause, taking in her beauty. Pepper was always stunning, but tonight, in the royal blue gown with an open back, hair hanging behind her in loose curls, he couldn’t help but stop and admire her. By the speed of her moving mouth and fake smile plastered on her face, Tony could only assume she was bitching out one of their investors for an inappropriate comment. He watched the man she was talking too – what was his name again? Generic old guy #7? – taking in the pallor of his face, getting exceedingly redder by the second. A final scoff and the man was stalking away, nose turned firmly in the air. Tony grinned.
Steve bit down a sigh of frustration. He wasn’t sure why he was even surprised that Tony wasn’t there as it seemed to be the new norm. Just a downside of being Captain America – continual hope was a bitch. Maybe he thought this time would have been different because of the night they’d spent together. After finally gathering the strength to leave the kitchen, Steve and Bucky had carted Tony off to their bed where they pressed repeat until the early hours of the morning. It was as earth-shattering as always, and afterwards, Steve had drifted off with a smile on his face, already thinking of what the morning would bring.
Steve let go and stepped back, Tony immediately left with the frigid feeling of being alone. His body ever on autopilot, Tony dutifully stepped behind Steve, risking a quick glance back at the storage closest, and the man still housed inside.
“Ah,” Tony responded. “Yeah, you might have missed a few things when you were doing time as a Capsicle.”
Tony let Steve help him out, blatantly ignoring how warm his hands felt on Tony’s.
It was a slap to the face. When he was young, with the name Steve Rogers still fresh in his mind, Tony wasted countless hours haunted by the unknown. He pictured Steve alongside his dad in every way shape or form: working with him, laughing with him, being
“I think I’d like that,” Tony answered, brushing his lips against Steve’s. “But I think I have a better idea for a date.”
Tony heard the commotion down the road, choosing to walk towards it. He knew he had promised Steve he would leave, but that had never been an option for Tony. He would never leave Steve.
Standing back up, Steve saw a helicopter fly overhead, weaving wildly through the buildings.
“You broke into my apartment? Who the hell do you think you are?”
Tony pulled his hand away. “Well, glad we finally got that out of the way. Come on.” Tony led Steve up to his mansion. “I guess if you’re here to protect me, the least I can do is give you something to eat.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “My job, you mean.”
“Your father,” Obie began again, “went above and beyond to do what was needed.”
“Just another thing to deal with, I guess,” Tony sighed. “You can explain this to Steve in the car. Let’s go.”
“I can’t believe you,” Bucky hissed. “I mean, who am I kidding? I should’ve known those would have been the first words out of your goddamn mouth. That’s so classic you!” Bucky broke off with a huff as he began to pace around the room. “Because you’re right. You’re
Steve would never forget the headlines.
Steve stared at the closed door as Thor walked up behind him to place a comforting hand on his shoulder. “I take it that was not supposed to have happened?”
Bruce sat on a bench after another battle.
Steve shot him a blank look in return. “For what?” he replied, playing along.
Tony clicked decline, however, quickly turning his phone’s sound off. The real world could wait a few more minutes. He shot The Captain an embarrassed look, trying to push himself farther in the cushions of his chair. The Captain gave him nothing but an odd glance, causing Tony to flush harder.
Sam nodded. “Yea, that psycho terrorist, right? I thought Stark took care of him.”
Tony grabbed his hands, placing something into them. When Clint looked down at them, he asked, “What are they?”
“A little bird told me you were dealing with problems of your own,” he said in reply.
“Three months ago, you were dying of a disease that shouldn’t have gotten to this fucking century, of course I had JARVIS keep an eye on you. I
“Oh, here comes the threats. Trying to get me to quiver in my boots? Maybe let my brother throw me around a few minutes; that will definitely mess with my head. And then, of course, you send in Romanoff, the saving grace. After whatever tortures you can concoct, she’ll come as a friend. And then I would cooperate,” he said with a sneer. “You’re all too predictable; don’t waste my time.”
Bucky huffed out a chuckle. “Damn you and your conscience,” he said, walking past Steve and opening the door. “How do I look?” he asked, looking back at Steve.
Clint opened his mouth, but then closed it. Tony Stark lived on information; Clint was
“Shit,” he heard Bucky whisper.
Clint considered his next move. Tracking the names on the list had gotten him nowhere, so Clint had moved onto the black market. Thorpe had been screwing around with vibranium; he was bound to have left some tips around the market. Hopefully that will lead him to another name on the list.
Bucky finally looked away, his cheeks burning in shame. “Right,” he said. “You should keep moving.”
“Oh come on,” Tony argued back, pulling back from his thoughts. “That plan was foolproof. We went over it a million times!”
“Yeah, whatever, man,” Clint replied, flipping him off. He turned and started to walk away, tension bleeding away as he heard a door shut again, the car starting, and tires roll across his gravel driveway.
Bucky huffed out a small laugh. “Well, turns out you’re not the only Stark I never got along with. Besides, I was never technically a member of the SSR. Erskine picked up Steve, not me. I just came along with him for the road. They tried to scare me off a couple times, but they gave up eventually and started putting me to use. Didn’t really make my top list for jobs, but oh well. I go where Steve goes.”
“Well, it’s a good thing that you’re not Tony Stark then, is it?” Steve beamed. “Tony Stark is on holiday. He wouldn’t be caught dead in this small town in the Midwest.”
It wasn’t even a few weeks ago when the story had first come out. Before, no one had even thought this could happen, hell, half of the world didn’t even know that these deaths were happening. But when it came, it was a bombshell. A whole slew of deaths, once thought to be accidental, now being linked as possible murders. An illusive killer on the loose, leaving no trail, no motive, and worst of all, no pattern.
Steve didn’t think, just reacting when he saw his husband lying still on the hard floor of the lab, resting in a pool of his own blood.
“Right, thanks for the tip. Next time I see someone get assaulted, I’ll just let it happen. Good to know where your priorities are, Mr. FBI man.”
he thought to himself. He had people out searching the streets; it was out of his hands now. He could only hope that all his ducks would manage to stumble their way home.
“Such as?”
“You’re right, it’s hilarious. But only if I tell it.”
“What job? Tony- ”
“Tony,” Steve interrupted. “You mind heading back to the car and getting Natasha’s present?”
He was getting out of there.
Hammer eyed him warily. “And if I don’t?”
Why the FBI would be interested in past Army operations was anyone’s guess, but it wasn’t that surprising. If Steve had learned anything about the government and how it worked, it was that everyone had their claws in each other, a messy web of bribes, secrets, and lies, somehow holding up the foundations of one the world’s largest superpowers.
“What?”
“Sir?”
Steve swallowed down a fresh stream of tears. He had failed before; like hell he was going to let it happen again. They took Peggy from him, but not again.
“Would he, though?”
for Steve Rogers.
“Every single times, Steve. Every single fucking time that I got out with- ”
“Well it’s a good thing it’s not my first rodeo either.” With that, he reached into his pocket, pulling out a small tube.
“Chief. You called?”
Pierce clenched his jaw, but ignored the comment. Loki was still a powerful fore to be reckoned with. He was already fighting a war on too many fronts; he didn’t need to start on another one. “What do you want?”
“What about the guy downstairs?”
And by God, it worked. Tony only wished he was down in the sewers just to see the look on Loki’s face. From what Steve had told him, it was pretty priceless.
“Hill! I need a med team down in the lab now!
Not waiting for an answer, Bucky pushed his towards the stairs, Steve stumbling to get his feet beneath him. He contemplated, as he walked up the stairs, if he should shower in the communal showers instead of his private bath in his room. He didn’t really want Tony to see him like this, covered in unmentionables.
Steve rolled his eyes affectionately. “You know we’re not actually dogs, right?” he asked as he lay down on the couch.
“I don’t really remember most of it,” Coulson replied. “I remember getting shot, and then I woke up in a hospital bed. With Fury.”
Tony couldn’t help the laugh that escaped as he saw The Captain’s eyes widen fractionally. He might not know the everything about The Commandos, but he was still Tony Stark. The Captain was not the only dangerous man in the room. “Uh oh. I wasn’t supposed to know about them, was I? You forget Captain; your crew is not as secretive as you are. You’re not the only one with eyes everywhere.”
be there, standing alongside his family. That’s what this was all leading too, wasn’t it? But no, he’s been benched, forced to the sidelines. Steve had gone with Barnes, Wilson and Natasha. Bruce and Thor had left not long ago as well. He couldn’t hear Clint anymore, so he assumed that he’d been picked up as well. He didn’t even say goodbye.
Sam didn’t respond; he just looked over at Steve.
“Captain, you need to get back in bed,” Hill called out, finally catching up with the pair. “There’s no way you’re in any state to head to New York.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I had to talk to him, clear up a few things.”
“His knee’s pretty sore, and I’m going to have Bruce come up in a bit and look at the bruising on his ribs, but otherwise, he looks fine.”
“Cap and I were going to take a look at more of the SSR file drops to make sure everything’s accounted for. Unless of course, you’ve overlooked our little excursion?”
“What? Like Alexander Pierce? We already know he’s with HYDRA, thanks to Phil Coulson. We’re conducting our own investigation of him.”
. Each day that goes by is another day that his family is at risk. Last month, The Suit, or Finnegan Thorpe, had managed to bag both Captain America and Iron Man. No one had ever been able to do such a feat before.
“I was supposed to leave after your statement but I
Steve sighed once he finally slipped back into the passenger’s side of Sam’s car.
The ride back home was uneventful, Tony barely noticing his surroundings as he was too lost inside his own thoughts. He bid his driver a good night, watching as the man got back in the car to drive back to SI. Instead of heading into his building, however, Tony walked back out and around the corner.
Steve turned back to Stark, not really knowing what to say, when he saw the other man’s eyes widen, quickly jumping to knock Steve to the side just as a spray of bullets hit where Steve was standing. Stark collapsed on top of him, both men breathing heavily while Thor took out the assailant.
But he didn’t. Death would have been a mercy. One that he didn’t deserve.
“I am
The door opened, and Fury walked back in.
Tony narrowed his eyes. "I haven't said anything."
They all came from a mold that his dad inherited from his own father, dating back to World War II. The mold had survived through the depression, Steve's grandfather scraping by to provide and entertain his children. While his dad didn't seem to follow the same sentiment, Steve's mother was adamant that they hold onto the small slice of history, taking the tradition into her own hands.  Even after his dad died, Steve’s mom would continue to save their milk cartons and melt them down, carefully filling the molds for Steve. She couldn’t afford to get many toys for him, not with the singular pay check - even though their finances increased after Dad died. There wasn't any more need to buy alcohol for him to drown in. Steve paid it no mind. He always thought he got the better end of the bargain by being able to create his own toys. His mom would gather some paint, and they’d spend an afternoon together. She’d sit and paint them with him, listening carefully to his instruction, always adding on more intricate parts with steady hands. Nurse hands.
“Nothing to do with you, sweet cheeks.”
Steve furrowed his brow, a large hand coming to cup at Tony’s cheek. “You sure? Why were you in the cloest?”
Tony said with a grunt.
Steve Rogers hunkered down in far part of an alley, watching as Tony Stark escaped from him for a second time. His large hands cradled his head that was still pounding from the explosion and the added bonus of Stark's fist.
The machete dropped. Steve pointedly didn’t look at Tony’s hand that was gushing blood. Their captor snorted. “And you call yourself a mob boss. You’re
“We could interrogate them,” Steve breathed, catching on to Bucky's plan.
There was only one time that Clint was grateful that HYDRA existed. He wouldn’t have met Phil without them. Sometimes, Clint wishes that they never met, and that Phil was off living some apple pie life with some cellist or something like that; Clint knew he was a danger to Phil. But if anything, Phil was more stubborn than Clint. He wasn’t leaving Clint; wasn’t taking no for an answer. He knew that from the beginning.
but it was if his body had refused the order. A block of ice in a sea of flames, unaccepting of the fate that lay before him. The flames were taunting him, almost laughing as they danced through the open crevices that he used to call his home.
“I’m sorry,” Tony croaked, looking at the group. “I-I didn’t know.”
“Great!” Tony interrupted, twisting the current arc reactor out of his chest and dropping it into Pepper’s hands. To her credit, she didn’t drop it, her hands instinctively curling around the glowing glass, movements freezing. She really did work well under pressure.
“So weird,” Steve snorted, tightening his arms around Tony’s waist.
“You look… well.”
“I’m not going to just sit here anymore, Buck,” Steve whispered. “I won’t lose him.”
“Um, yea. No problem. I’m just gonna- ” Tony found himself pointing to the elevator, walking away slowly before he did anything stupid.
But he wanted to give it to Steve. He wanted to give Steve everything. It didn’t matter if he had to cut himself down in the process. Steve was worth it.
Trying to break the awkward silence, Tony said, “So. He’s a real keeper, that Barnes.”
Steve paused in his selection, looking back up at Bucky. “Why does it matter if he got his bed in California?”
Almost immediately, the building was alight with gunfire, a few shouts barely heard over the crackle of bullets. Steve himself jumped into the fray, following right behind Thor as the hulking blonde kicked down a door.
“Oh, really? How are you not involved already?” Obie scoffed.
“Steve, maybe we shouldn’t- ”
A laugh spurted out of Tony’s chest. “Do I look like a man who wants to be wined-and-dined?”
“I can only hope,” Bucky deadpanned. “Fingers crossed we get thrown out.”
“Yep,” Tony answered proudly.
“Fuck,” Tony whispered to himself. He only cursed himself again as he watched The Captain, along with Barnes and Barton, slip over the metal fence against the back of the property.
Steve leaned up and kissed him, slow and firm. “You’re alright,” he reassured. “We both are.”
Steve glared back. “Is it too much to ask to not have knives where I sleep? I thought we agreed no weapons in the bed.”
“Listen,” Tony said, facing Barnes again. “I need a couple of hours, just enough time for me to schmooze for some extra cash for my company. I’ll be home before you know it.”
“How very James Bond,” Natasha drawled.
Clint interrupted. “You actually think he’s going to help us? After everything? He’ll sell us out to the first person he sees.”
“You did,” Sam answered plainly. “And I think I understand him enough to know that if he were here, he’d be telling you to get your head out of your ass. The job’s not done yet.”
“But there’s still a problem,” Steve pushed. “Extremis should- ”
“But he is just a sweetheart, the girls and I all adore him. I keep telling him that we’d love to have him over – we all play bridge every Saturday night – but he always has plans.”
Tony shuddered, remembering when Steve told him. Tony made sure that he wrapped around Steve each night, hoping,
Both Bucky and Clint shook their heads, but their bodies seemed to already be filling with tension.
Searing flames licked along his sides as Tony traversed farther down the stairs. Large chunks of debris sat collapsed in front of the main door, but Tony wasn’t heading there anyway. Tony just prayed to every god that he knew of that the sewage passageway hadn’t caved in from the blast.
“I know.”
Clint cried into Tony’s neck. “
“I guess it depends on who took it all. But it couldn’t have been anyone good.”
The joke fell horribly flat, more so when Tony burst into peals of hollow laughter. “Don’t be ridiculous, Cap.”
Steve forced himself to stay put, not giving himself hope until be saw Natasha start to gather her things.
“What the hell is your problem?” Sam snapped. “If Tony Stark was dead, his body would be right over there, Hill. There’s still hope.”
“Steve!”
and start over from scratch.
“I’m sorry I missed out,” Bruce chuckled. Bruce had been gone on a pilgrimage of some sorts, spending the holiday season in the smaller villages of the Middle East, offering medical training to the local healers. While Steve will always admire the doctor for his humanitarian aid, it always came with the cost of one less sane person in the compound. “I’m assuming what you decided to donate was less than church friendly?”
“The last of the Ten Rings. NYPD finally found their bodies. Autopsy shows that they were killed using my guns.”
“I told him about Pierce.”
Maybe it was the craftsmanship; how Tony had slaved over that arm to create such a work of art. Hell, sometimes it just looked like an arm that was just painted silver. Besides, seeing the surprised joy that crossed Bucky’s face when he could hold a gun again would be enough to warm Steve’s heart for decades. It was just another thing that Steve owed Tony; for bringing his best friend back.
“North. To see Nat.”
HYDRA was bad news. Part of the reason The Captain was not on the Most Wanted list was because he managed to take the mob out, making a lot of people happy. Schmidt and his thugs had run rampant for years; their control of Brooklyn was both astounding and horrifying. Killing of innocents, maimings, disastrous fires, you name it. When The Captain came along, it was a blessing.
It was him.
that no one bothered to look at Steve. Sam remembered asking Steve once:
“Me too. I’m coming as well.” Sam, also catching onto the silent argument between Natasha and Bucky, chimed in.
“And everything else?”
“You keep refusing to help me and I’ll come back with another. Your choice.” With that, the man stomped out of the room.
“Get me out of here,” Loki snapped, scoffing when Barton forced them to a stop instead. Perching the two of them around the corner, Loki watched as Barton pulled out his gun, peeking back out ever so slightly. “What are you waiting for?” he hissed.
“It’s not?” Clint asked. “Who else is there?”
Barton looked back over to Delmar. “Where do you fit in all of this?”
Steve snorted as he buried himself closer into Tony’s embrace. “No you wouldn’t. You’d get bored out of your mind.”
Steve felt a comforting hand on his shoulder. Thor. Steve didn’t dare meet his eyes. “Where?” Steve whispered, shuddering at the sound of his voice.
Tony shook his head. “Exactly. Who do you think he’s going to try and test the weapons on? We need to stop him.”
“He worked with Stane?”
as she half-listened to Tony’s rant, humming and gasping in fake surprise each time the man stopped for a breath.
“Yea, sure, I’ll give you a bottle for the road.” Tony made a move to shut the door, but the woman slipped inside.
“Two minutes,” Steve replied wetly. “You were dead for two minutes.”
She thought of James, walking up to her shyly that night they’d pulled Steve from the river. He’d showered at some point, hair damp and loose on his face, piled in what looked like one of Thor’s sweatshirts. She had smiled at how it even made him look small. Silently, he placed a zippered bag in her hand – another shaving kit. It was spotless and still had the price tag on it, no doubt effortlessly swiped by James.
Not that Tony showed an ounce of this stress. No, instead he wore his usual mask, one of cool indifference, staring back at the Commissioner with bored eyes. He was leaned back at an angle, legs propped up on the table in front of him, displaying himself completely at ease as he sat in the uncomfortable chair in one of many interrogation rooms of the NYPD. He wasn't sure how many men Fury had broken it here, in this very chair, but Tony wasn't going to be another name on that list.
“Just because I don’t resort to a gun doesn’t mean I can’t hold my own. If information is what we need, I can get it no problem.”
Stane shrugged. “It took me half a day to pry his name out of him. Because I have the one thing you never have: leverage.”
“What are you talking about?” Bucky asked.
That man was quieter than Barton and Romanoff combined.
A familiar sound pierced his ears. Looking up, he saw his backup suit hovering down to the ground. He didn’t hesitate to rush over to it, feeling the comfort of the metal suit conforming to his body. “Come on, we’re heading back to Stark Industries.”
The Captain shot him an unimpressed look.
Steve broke off with a shuddering breathe, but that didn’t stop him from pressing kisses to every inch of Tony he could, murmuring his name in between each one. Tony tried to intervene and bring Steve’s mouth back to his, but he found himself drifting, losing himself in Steve’s embrace.
Tony rubbed at his forehead, before leaning down to pick up the rest of the photos. For as angry as he was, the last thing he needed was another kicked puppy look from The Captain. Especially if the man would already be furious when Tony showed up for the fight with HYDRA.
She spent years lecturing him – whether it was said with frustration after piecing him together after scraps in an alley, or comfortingly as his thin frame shivered under hospital sheets, fighting off the latest infection.
“Alright, easy. I was just asking. All I’m saying, from a business standpoint, you should reconsider your options.”
“Bucky?”
It didn't become unbearable until they started cutting. It didn't look like much, just little flicks of their knives here and there. Along his collarbone, the inside of his thighs, down the stretch of his arms. It took Steve too long to figure out that each cut just went that much deeper. That after each cut, they'd dig back in, moving the blade around the open wound. It was then, where Tony fell back into silence, only to speak again, not with words, but with pained groans. A small moan here, a tiny gasp there. They were quiet, Steve barely able to pick them up. That after everything, Tony was still trying to be strong for Steve.
“No,” Natasha negated. “I wanted you to see my face when you died. I wanted you to know who beat you.”
“No, that was the right move. I’m talking about what happened after.”
The silence that followed Steve’s outburst seemed more deafening than the previous shouting. It was always moments like these where Bucky saw how Steve was never cut out for being a mob boss. That he was meant for something more than that life he was currently living. He was so passionate, and had so much to give the world; it seemed that hiding in the shadows and living a life of crime wasn’t one for him. But the fact that it wasn’t meant for him and he was doing it anyway was such a Steve thing to do. Bucky always knew the real reason Steve was born past his due date was because he was too stubborn to come out of the womb.
Olivia stood up. “Keep the photo. And remember. The saddest of stories have the best of endings.” She squeezed Steve’s shoulder before walking away.
Tony nodded, returning with a small smile. But he wasn’t, and he knew Steve was just as bad as him. Laura had been near hysterical when she found out Clint should have been home a month ago. What worried Tony, however, was not that Clint had been gone for a month; it was that he was gone for a month before anyone noticed.
“You know neither of those two downstairs are going to let us get close to any of the guys down there, if that’s what you came in here to ask me.”
“Tony, don’t joke. If you remember, they almost did take us down last month. Did you run the names?”
Steve flinched, but made no comment. There wasn’t anything to say, considering the man was right. Tony would be safe, hidden away in his penthouse if he’d never gotten involved with Steve. Now, because of him, Tony was probably rotting away with some second rate gang.
“Because, Steve,” Bucky responded. “These men are part of the crew that held and tortured Tony for three months while we sat by and did nothing. They kidnapped a Commando, a member of
He dressed silently, afraid that a single noise could alert the rest of the group. He peeked out into the hallway, empty, just as he had assumed. Creeping down the main floor of the speakeasy, Steve thought about asking JARVIS to confirm that he wouldn’t run into anyone else, but he refrained. Knowing his luck, JARVIS would alert Tony. He could already feel an air of judgement as he walked passed JARVIS’s cameras. Luckily, the ground floor was just as barren, his family still tucked in their bets. Safe. As they should be.
get a reaction, as Fury’s jaw jutted slightly. “Is that so?” he grit out.
“Never,” Tony confirmed. “Never really thought about it.”
Tony pushed away from Clint, looking down the hall. “Where is he?”
Natasha and Steve looked over to her front door that had been opened again, Tony leaning casually against the door jam.
Clint couldn’t help but flinch again.
I would love nothing more than to jam this hammer into your skull and watch the light leave your eyes, but I’ve got a better idea. You’re going to go back to Hammer and tell him everything that happened today; tell him how you failed. And then tell him this:
Sitwell rewound the tape, playing it again, the other three occupants of the room leaning forward as if trying to see more clearly. “Look! He moves! Right there!” Sitwell pointed to the screen, showing Pietro move his head slightly as Sitwell sits down. “Listen, I don’t know how he does it but there’s no tack before he moves, and after he moves, there’s a tack. Coincidence? I think not!”
In fact, the kitchen remained mostly unused, Tony only slipping in for coffee, using the same mug day in and day out. JARVIS automatically starts his brew when he wakes so it is ready by the time Tony heads down the stairs. For the past ten days, JARVIS had been pouring him decaf, in silent protest. Tony had finally muted the bothersome AI, and JARVIS was left to strike back in the only way he still could. Tony didn’t mind; he could barely taste the coffee anyway.
“As long as you get some sleep too, yeah?” Steve slurred, eyes already shutting.
“You’re right. He’s fine. He has to be to.”
Steve thought to himself.
Tony rushed over to him, faltering slightly when he saw part of his body covered by a huge pile of fallen ceiling. That wasn’t good. Definitely not good.
Life was messy, stringing the painter along to think they can easily blend their colors together flawlessly, only to blindside them with splashing turmoil and pain across their hard work. Life was cruel, unforgiving, and left stains so dark that they would always show on canvas, for the whole world to see.
The Captain took off down the street, moving at an unreal pace. He flew through the back alleys, seemingly unfazed by Tony's struggling. He finally stopped when he reached aged building, a business long forgotten about. Kicking down the door easily, The Captain moved quickly inside, moving through the tight hallway and to the main floor. Apparently pleased with his surroundings, he deposited Tony roughly on the floor.
Steve breathed out a hollow laugh. “They knew Grant was a lie. They knew that Tony was always on our side. They knew everything.”
“Tony,” Steve sighed. “I did a public service. You act like that’s a bad thing!”
Steve gave a watery chuckle. “Tony.”
Steve huffed out a laugh. She knew Tony too well. “He did start off withdrawn, Ms. Potts, but even he didn't want to take any chances with HYDRA. Not after what they were capable of when he wasn't invested. He’s been a real asset in hunting them down; Tony’s provided endless data, weapons, not to mention the speakeasy- ”
Relief coursed through his veins. “Pepper,” he breathed.
"It's not what I want; it's what you want."
Tony tore his burning eyes away, looking back at Clint. “You alright?”
Hammer raised an eyebrow. “You do?”
“I may have not told you everything.”
Tony opened his mouth to object before someone else said, "What about the Captain? He's tried to take out SI before."
Steve rocked back on his heels and put his hands on his hips. “Because they don’t have it,” he murmured quickly, keeping his head bowed.
Tony frowned.
“No,” Tony answered. “But I’m willing to learn how.”
“How am I supposed to get in touch with you?”
“Extremis?”
Rumlow rewatched the footage. He was in a security office; some street cameras had shown a future Steve Rogers peeking around the houses of the call girls from the club. Namely, Natasha Romanoff’s.
Seeing a street light in the distance, Tony walked to the exit, away from Barnes, away from his problems. Tony shivered as he walked; the adrenaline gone from his body and the harsh temperature freezing Tony’s sore bones.
Maybe that’s why he enjoyed sketching so much. The control it gave him, knowing that only he got to dictate what kind of stroke he laid down next. That no matter how messy it got in the middle, there would always be a clear picture at the end. Or that if things weren’t going his way, Steve could just chuck it and start from a completely clean slate.
She sat down on the other side of the table, leaning forward so head got a front row at her cleavage. “Oh, I’m sorry. I thought you were someone I knew. My mistake.” She smiled sweetly.
“Yes,” Tony croaked. “I’ll do it. But only if you’re willing to pay.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, grabbing the door that Stark opened before it slammed shut. The pair of them walked down the stairs, Bucky straining to try and catch Natasha’s response in the phone.
“Keep your phones with you today,” Tony said instead, softly. “You’ll be getting a call from a restricted number. The FBI. They’ll be calling with instructions for each of you on what to do when tomorrow comes.” He paused before adding, “Please don’t do anything stupid tonight. I know it doesn’t seem like it, but this really was the best deal for us. If we go off the reservation now, there’s no telling how the FBI would retaliate. We would all be in a super-max before dinner tomorrow.”
Steve’s office.
“No, thank you, Sharon. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Tony,” Steve replied easily. “Come on, take a break. I was thinking we could take Peter out for lunch.”
“Forgive me when I don’t take your word for it.” Steve pushed Bucky’s hands away and peeled the jacket away to get a better look at Clint’s side. While Clint had managed to get away with just a graze, it was still a pretty deep gash. Steve let out a small hiss before pushing the jacket back against the wound. “Report,” Steve added to Bucky.
She had been here, not too long ago. That could only mean that the rest of the Avengers were looking for him. Gunning for him, most likely.
“Um, can I show you to your floor?”
“You can personally send me to prison if you don’t find my findings satisfactory,” Tony hissed. “We’re not lying.”
skin, listening to Steve’s heartbeat, racing like a runaway train. He could feel Steve try and return the favor, but Tony refused to pull away. Eventually, Steve gave up with a huff, grabbing the back of Tony’s shirt and ripping straight down, peeling the cloth away.
His shoes clacked loudly on the linoleum floor under him, the angry voices of the press conference slowly slipping away.
“Just, wait a little bit before using it, yeah?” Tony added, nodding at the sleek device in Bucky’s hand. “I’m more than confident that Steve and I will move fast enough before the FBI catches wind of anything, but, you know, just to be safe.”
Now, trying to drag Stark into base to get his wound checked out was like trying to pull teeth. With chopsticks. Steve had thought Stark was stubborn before, but this was just plain ridiculous.
Steve looked away, biting his lip. When they’d married, Steve had promised Tony a better life, not one where they’d have to hide who they were on a daily basis. Steve had promised him happiness and love, something that the smaller man had never had. He couldn’t consider himself much of a superhero if he couldn’t even take care of his husband. But Steve wasn’t a real superhero. Not anymore.
he chuckled to himself as he took a bite.
“Dammit, Tony, just do as your told for once!”
Clint felt his knees give out. “He- he’s alive?”
“Pepper said they came back a warrant. They must have tried to arrest him.”
“What is it?” Steve demanded, ignoring Clint’s initial outburst. “The Maximoff’s. Have they found Tony?”
“Tony!” The man reared back towards him with a growl, and Steve caught a faint glimpse of the reason why Tony Stark was known as ruthless in the boardroom, before his face softened, Hyde returning to skulk behind the cowl of Jekyll.
Steve surged forward, lips mashing against his harshly, the force toppling Tony onto his back. Tony’s gasp was swallowed by Steve, the blonde plastering his body over Tony’s fully encompassing him. There was a time that Tony hated that, reason enough for him to stay away from people who were larger than him. But when Steve did it, Tony’s heart sang, his body thrumming with glee as he was surrounded by love and security.
Steve cracked his knuckles. “Is he talking yet?”
he thought. Maybe he was overthinking things, and Tony just had an itch he couldn’t scratch.
“Not really, no,” he smiled in return.
Not long after their talk with Laura, Steve and Tony made the decision to go back to the forest where everything happened. It was there best lead at finding Clint. Steve had called Natasha as well, sending her to Clint’s usual hideouts just in case.
He watched as Tony’s form slipped into the water, turning only to curl a finger at Steve beckoning him closer. It was impossible to disobey. Steve raced up the steps of the tub, eagerly taking his first step into the warm oasis. The water burned up his body as he kept going deeper, and Steve couldn’t help but close his eyes and relish the heat.
“This is awkward,” Tony coughed. “Just pretend that I’m not here. But, if I may say, Coulson, you must be an absolute freak in the bed.”
And then Steve was laughing again, a much better sound than the first time, Bucky easily joining in. It was like they were young again, bantering easily as they patched themselves up in their shithole apartment.
"You gunned down a police officer, who was my only lead on cornering Steve Rogers."
“Thank God,” the brunette snarked. “On to more pressing matters – why does it smell like bad chicken in here?”
Steve’s vision dragged in and out of focus, black dots dancing in front of his eyes. He could feel himself take shuddering breaths, but couldn’t hear them over the ringing in his ears. He squeezed his eyes shut as tears started to form from the plumes of smoke around him.
“You’re making a mistake,” Phil whispered.
You knew it was you! When I came told you about the Iron Man, you knew it was you! You lied to me!”
“Rich boy,” Steve murmured, hiding his smile in Tony’s hair.
Suddenly, Natasha gasped.
Clint didn’t respond, just starting the car and slamming on the gas. Tony jolted with the rest of the car, pressing his phone back up to his ear. He shuddered, thinking of what happened the last time.
Tumblr: just-another-tinker
“-just so happy that you’re okay. You’re okay, right? I swear to God- ”
“Do you know the first time I realized I loved you?” Steve asked quietly, rubbing his fingers gently through Tony’s hair.
Clint reminded himself.
“We’re leaving?” he couldn’t help but ask, desperately.
Steve barked out another laugh, pushing Tony up the stairs. “You’re an ass,” he laughed.
were originally ruled as accidental deaths, there was no telling how many actually fell victim to this unknown killer.
“What do you mean? You went to get Tony, and now you’re here for me, right?”
everyone, as Steve looked back over at Bucky, who had pushed himself into a corner, crossed his arms and locked his jaw, pretending to sleep. Steve knew what Tony was doing, and he knew that
Tony tried to soak in as much as possible, and when his face grew wet, he knew it was Steve crying. He was here. He had come for him. He was safe.
“Brooklyn! I know it was a while ago, but you do remember growing up here, don’t you?” Tony snarked. “Now, unfortunately, your original condos were torn down, but these are pretty damn close. Much better location, if you ask me. The coffee shop down the block has these scones that- ”
“I’m sorry?” Tony replied, looking back up.
When Natasha didn’t reply, Bruce continued. “You’re wrong. It’s not your fault; you’ve never had anything like this before. None of us have.”
Sam waved her off. “No problem,” he smiled, eyes back on Ward, who was struggling to get up. “Go!” he waved her off. “I got this!”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You really thing some amateur bomb stood a chance against this suit? I’ll be embarrassed if I come out of this with a single bruise,” Tony joked.
Steve needed to get his men out of there, regardless of the cost. Who says he needs a gun to do that? Leaning to the left, he snatched up the lid of an industrial barrel, holding it against his chest.
He turned, drawn like a cat to the sun, stretching to get closer to the soothing tones.  A hand pushed through his hair, fingers tracing his head almost as gently as the voice had. “Relax, Capsicle.” Warm breath puffed into his neck. “Take a breather; we’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
“It definitely wasn’t us,” Bucky added. “No way in hell anyone’s found when I hid our bodies.”
Rhodey huffed. “Then why are there two drinks?”
Steve continued.
He tried to shove past the two men, intent on grabbing the first gun that he saw, but Steve stopped him. “Tony, wait- ”
“Selling to some mob. And no, I don’t know which one.”
“Where,” Bruce snapped, his hands searching all over Clint’s body.
“I wasn’t part of the deal. I had to give Fury something.”
He was correct that the lack of trust was detrimental to them all - they'd been so bust trying to stay on opposite sides, they didn't realize that they needed each other to keep the other from drowning. Turns out literally, Tony thought with another shudder.
Clint nodded. “Yea, nothing. It’s like they don’t exist.”
Rhodey, apparently, wasn’t having any of it. “No, you don’t get to do that," he snapped suddenly. "You don’t get to sit there and crack jokes like nothing’s wrong. You were gone, Tony! You were
Rhodes cleared his throat next to him. “You don’t think- ”
And Steve was forced to realize she was wrong. There was no eraser, there were no do overs. There was no clear picture or happy ending.
“Clint, maybe you should- ”
Bucky closed his eyes, trying not to get mad at his friend; he couldn’t imagine what he was going through. It wasn't as if he hadn't dealt with this before. Steve had been positively murderous when Bucky had pulled him away from Peggy's corpse. There was no one else around, so Bucky ended up as Steve's figurative punching bag. He was more than happy to take the blows, gratified enough to know that Steve was taking it out on him instead of the streets where he'd most likely get killed. He knew that Clint was itching to head out there as well, ready to burn down the entirety of New York to find the people that had taken Coulson out. Luckily for Bucky, the rest of the team was on the same page as him, helping sequester Clint to the speakeasy until they figured something else out. And until they had a more definitive plan, Bucky had taken up the old mantle of whipping boy.
“We gotta do everything to keep our family safe, right?” asked Steve.
“Alright, JARVIS. Let’s try this again. You know the drill; I want everything.”
Thirdly, as both a reader and writer, I understand how frustrating it could be waiting for the next chapter to come out. So, as of today, I'm going to start trying to upload on the same day, every Sunday. That way, you guys know when to expect it, instead of constantly hitting the refresh button on the Ao3 feed, wondering when the next installment will come out. School has started up again, however, so if I ever stumble across a chapter that I know will be a big one, I will let you guys know in the notes that the next chapter will be taking two weeks instead of one.
He hung in the shadows, avoiding the searchlights. When he reached his apartment, he stumbled.
Tony hummed, responding to him eagerly. Steve felt a familiar fire build low in his gut, each kiss and touch from Tony just stoking the flames. He already felt the tension building; it was if it was his first time, bumbling hands and whispered curses with an embarrassingly fast crescendo. But it seemed like it was like this was every time with Tony. Each touch, each kiss like a rush no high could get him, an addiction he was more than happy to lose himself too.
“Not a chance Steve.” She cocked her gun. “Don’t come any closer, or Stark here gets it.”
“Oh God, Tony,” he said, drawing Tony closer. He smelled just like he always did. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to be so late. It’s alright now, I promise.
“Yep, you’re going to have to do the rest. Now help me put these on.”
“Hey,” Bucky whispered, tapping him on the shoulder. “We’ll get him back.”
Still currently trying to process all the feels from the new Civil War trailer. It's fine. (It's not fine.)
“We need to get a hand on those files,” Stane responded. “Why haven’t we gone and gotten them yet?”
He could relate. Sam could talk a big game, but he knew he could still find himself in the same boat as Steve. New York made him happy, his team –
Later that evening as he relaxed in his living room, Steve found himself wondering when the last time he’d even sat on this couch was. While their jobs were incredibly inconsistent, leaving irregular patterns of down time, it seemed that there was always something else to do. Training was never done, upgrades could always be made, intel could forever be collected. It was incredibly domestic, Steve thought to himself, that not only did he find a moment of solace in their schedule, it was knowing that there was so much to do and ignoring the need to do any of it.
Delmar had been presented with files on each of the Avengers, but none was more elusive than Clinton Barton. There wasn’t a lot on him, just some assassin turned SHIELD agent. Now he was running around pretending to be a super hero.
Steve just nodded. “Everyone in there?”
Steve slowed to a halt and shut his eyes. He could feel the beginnings of a drizzle hit his face.
Pierce could feel the wood groaning under his hand as it tightened on the arm of his own chair. “You gunned down an officer of the NYPD.”
Tony thought.
“Get back in there? Tony, what the hell?” snapped Pepper.
“Nat, calm down. We already know; Tony is already over there dealing with it,” Steve responded.
Tony cracked a smile, a soft pulse of affection running through his veins.
Steve’s cold ran cold. “Loki?”
Barton nodded. “Sounds like a good time to jump ship.”
“They’ve both been in the river,” answered Tony, not missing a step. “Get them to Bruce.” Tony was surprised when Barton just nodded, stepping back as a plethora of hands finally pulled Steve away from him and into the old building, Barton himself going around to the front to help Barnes out of the car. Tony followed them in, not wanting any distance between him and Steve.
Stark's poker face remained unfazed, but Steve could feel his heart rate skyrocket through the muzzle of the gun pressed against his chest. "You didn't squeal."
Steve stood for a moment in the silence, feeling nothing but unease. It was never quiet here. Tony was always mumbling to JARVIS or yelling at one of his bots. Coffee was always brewing and hard rock was always booming against the walls. If Steve didn’t already know where he was, he would have been totally convinced that he was in the wrong tower.
“They’re always on in the motels! What do you want to do, just stare at the ceiling?”
“No, no,” Steve sighed, rubbing a hand against his aching temple. “We shouldn’t put this off. We’ll do the big ones tonight, and finish the rest off by the end of the week. Once they’re all accounted for, I’ll see if it’s worth moving some around to be safe.”
the boys called it. Basically it was this generation’s cocaine, the newest drug on the market. Ten out of ten rating; use for a worthwhile experience.
We found your body.”
“Steve?”
was left unsaid.
“We’ve been hearing some rumors. About HYDRA.”
“Buck- ”
"You told me you didn't squeal. I'm... inclined to believe you."
The agents behind Fury scattered, heading to their respective locations like the trained hounds that they were. Hill clenched her jaw like she wanted to say more, but obediently stomped over to the van that she would be taking with Bucky and Steve to the warehouse. Steve watched her fume over to the driver’s side –
Fury was answered with a roomful of “Yes, Sir!”, everyone already scrambling to get their gear.
Tony almost sobbed in relief.
Wilson’s voice carried through the phone.
Steve grappled for his phone. “You sure?” he questioned, typing out the command to JARVIS.
“And that someone will be a pencil pusher for someone else who has the office right next to Fury’s.”
“Say something.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said again, pulling away from Tony.
Silence.
The amount of armed men that started laying siege to Tony's empire was astounding. There was no other reason for that to be happening besides HYDRA; but if the rival gang was able to pull these numbers for what seemed like milk runs, who knows what else they have in store.
He felt Tony pull away, only to be surprised as the man stumbled out if his chair, falling forward until his full weight strattled Steve's thighs, Tony's body curling into his chest.
Clint perked up. “What are you thinking?”
Steve clenched his eyes shut, nodding slightly as another tear slid down his cheek. Opening his eyes, he looked back down at Peter. “You’re going to go with Aunt Pepper, ok? You be a good boy for her, and I’ll see you in the morning.” He leaned down, pressing a firm kiss against his son’s head. “I love you so much. So does Daddy,” Steve whispered against the smooth forehead. As Pepper’s hands reached down again, Steve finally relented, trying to ignore the cold space that opened up after Peter was finally lifted form his arms.
Tony sighed. “Look, Barnes. That man always has a plan. If he’s meeting with Loki, who am I to stop him? For as sleazy as the guy is, he has a high success rate for private jobs, and if Rogers wants to take that risk, then- ”
Hammer tried to catch his breath, collapsing in the chair across Pierce’s desk. “I’ve got news. My people caught wind of some Stark weapons that missed its shipment. And I know where they are.” The man grinned wildly, obviously proud of his work.
Tony flopped back down on the couch, groaning. He always did well under stress, always able to keep control. Hell, he had a whole childhood with Howard to prove that. But right now, Tony could almost feel the runaway train he was on. Honestly, if he had told himself a month ago that this was where he was gonna end up, Tony probably would have brushed it off as his usual drunken rants.
“There are a lot of things you’ve been kept in the dark about,” Bucky replied. “And we’ll get to that. But first, we need your help.”
package for Stark. They all knew it wouldn't be easy, but with HYDRA still out there, they were desperate and frustrated - it was definitely showing now, as Sam, the most level-headed guy in their group is now heading straight for the jugular.
“Or you were saving his ass.”
Fine. Whatever. The Captain can just go on his merry way with his friends.
“Not sure how bright of an idea it was, now,” Steve chuckled nervously, rubbing at the back of his neck.
he had mouthed to his friend, not quite wanting to leave Tony’s side yet. But eventually, after looking back down at Tony’s frail body, Steve knew it was time to get off his ass and go kick some instead.
“Of course, Sir. What should we- ”
Steve shook his head and chuckled, nosing into Tony’s hair, the smell of his shampoo mixing with the scent of bonfire. “People can make their S’mores however they like. I just like mine a little crispy.”
“How did your fiancé die?”
“Where are you? I’m coming to get you. Find some lackeys and find some guns.”
“Jim, he can help.”
“Sam,” Steve scolded. He could see in the blonde’s face that there were lists of things he wanted to ask him but wasn’t sure where to start. “How are you?” he finally settled on.
“Really?”
“New York,” he grit out, his grip faltering on the wall supports.
Maybe it was a surprise checkup? Steve had required meetings with an Army ordered shrink once a month.
“Maybe I’ve had a change of heart?”
“There was a mole! How could any of us- ”
Confused, Steve reached forward, releasing the tabs and pulling the top back.
Steve and Tony had dragged the unconscious ‘fireman’ into an open interrogation room, waiting on the other side of the one way mirror, waiting for answers.
“Whenever you are,” the man answered.
Steve stared as a tear fell from Rogers’s cheek onto the table. “Ever hear of Iron Man?”
he thought. If the same people who were attacking his warehouses were down there, making a clear run at headquarters in public, who was Tony to sit upstairs and stay quiet. He'd give them a real show and end it all right here. He found himself moving to the elevator, brushing off the guard's hand, clamoring in the lift. If security catches who it is, it could be the potential lead they need to stop the rest of the attacks. He just hoped that he wouldn't regret not bringing his gun.
“Never?”
“Absolutely not. There is not later, there is only right now. Why the hell didn’t you tell me?”
A faint dusting of pink sprinkled Steve’s cheeks. “Well, I-I know,” he stuttered. “I just wanted to- ”
“Limbo. Atheist who is basically just a delusional pyro. He’s been moonlighting as the mailman for a few months. I told him where’s Starks office was, and then, well you know what happened.”
“No” Tony cut him off. “No police.”
“Almost there,” she encouraged, shifting the smaller foot to wrap further around the other ankle. She felt the right leg wobble precariously, so she reached her other hand out to support the girl’s hip. “There we go, a successful sur le cou-de-pied,” she said with a smile, looking up at the child. The tiny brunette – Emily – looked back at her with wide eyes as she grasped the hand on her hip tightly, as if it were the only thing keeping her upright.
never got a scar like that. But that didn’t mean that his present self couldn’t get it. It all made sense. Someone had scratched the message into his present self’s arm, leaving his future self with the scar.
“9:30 AM,” he answered slowly.
The rest of his response was cut of by a scream,
“If it comes to it,” Natasha shrugged. “Depends on how well you can handle this.”
“Clint,” Steve hissed. “This was too risky for you to- ”
The Captain nodded in agreement. “You get anywhere with our latest guest?”
The Captain nodded. “That should be it. Go on; do your jobs and get me some info. But remember, stay close to home and always have someone watching your six. If there was ever a time- ”
“Late?”
“He was under the bar.” Tony turned to see Steve enter the room. It looked like he came from down the stairs, so if Tony had to guess, he had been up in his office, letting the scene with Obie unfold under his watchful gaze.
“Oh!” Steve blushed.
Tony nodded. “We have to move quickly. You still have your gun?”
If only things were ever that simple.
There was no skill behind what they did, just some smoke and mirrors and posh words.
He groaned, rubbing his hands over his worn face. He couldn’t deal with this now. The least he could do is find peace in his safe haven for a few more hours until Steve comes and drags him home. Or until he comes up with a better escape plan.
something was wrong, Bucky and I both knew,” Steve replied, feeling wetness start to pour down his cheek. “JARVIS said you were fine, but you’re not, and I can’t find the right fucking sheets, and you bought us a whole goddamn block, and we were
Although there was no one in it now, Steve could already see the signs of his crew moving in. There were already extra combat boots thrown in the corner by the door, a few scattered guns on the table left to be cleaned, snacks littering the bar. Steve couldn’t help but smile. Although it may have looked like just another mess to someone, Steve knew the true meaning. When they were on the run, his crew always kept their bags packed, ready to move at the drop of a hat. But here, it was the exact opposite. Because they knew it wasn’t temporary. Because they knew they were home. “Thank you,” he responded, sincerity dripping in his tone.
But now is not the time.
“Ignore it. I need to find Pepper first.” That was the third time Steve had called. But Tony couldn’t face him until he knew that Pepper was safe. Tony knew that FRIDAY was transmitting his signal so Steve knew he was safe. But Tony couldn’t be distracted; Steve would be here soon anyway.
Tony narrowed his eyes at the driver. “Which I declined, whole heartedly! Fury would just use me until I ended up with a one way ticket to prison.”
“And you didn’t think you should have gone with him to that business?!”
“Sir?”
But, Steve had casually mentioned it to Coulson at their session and the man was over the moon about the concept. In fact, it was that reaction of the usually unflappable man that got Steve thinking about, and eventually agreeing to record.
and he haven’t sat down and discussed this! Tony, I… I’m concerned.”
“Bruce will take care of them now,” Barton’s voice filled his ears. “Follow me.”
Steve knew he had been falling apart the last month, but not once had he stopped to take a look at what he was doing to his own crew. Bucky was his rock, his foundation. He never faltered; always there to pick Steve back up after he lost his footing.
“Of course, Sir. Might I suggest you lay down for a while?”
“You will build me a Jericho.”
Tony scoffed, but added a quiet, “You did get rid of them, right?”
“I’m sorry. Did I step on your moment?”
“I’ll remember that next time we get in an argument,” Tony yawned. “What do you want me to talk about?”
Steve pushed him harder against the wall. “I don’t have time for your shit. Not after what you’ve done.”
They had tried to stay positive.
Tony stepped towards the fire chief, but Pepper stopped him. “Tony, wait. There’s something you need to know. The package- the bomb. It was from Bruce.”
Steve snorted, smiling slightly as he reached out to grab Tony by the hips, pulling the smaller man in between his legs, sighing as he felt Tony curl around him, calloused hands rubbing gently through his hair and down his back.
goes unsaid.
Where are they now?
The drive to the storage facility was in dead silence. Natasha checked over her guns one last time, Clint looking back in the review mirrors to make sure they hadn’t lost one of the following vans. Upon arrival, the entire crew piled out of the vans, getting into their usual positions, ready to swarm the building on Steve’s call.
“Your father had to go, and now, so do you.” Obie walked towards him slowly, hands raised again.
So, Tony stopped him. Enough was Steve the one to give. He needed Steve to know that he was with him, will always be with him, at the end of it all.
“Pepper has him. She’ll take good care of him.”
Tony found himself smiling into the next kiss, giddy with relief. “Besides,” Steve continued. “When am I going to find the time to stare at Kansas floozies when I’m in South Carolina with you?”
Clint shot them a wary look. “Because Tony Stark hasn’t been reported as missing.”
“But then the war ended – soldiers came home, treaties were signed, and America tried to pick up the pieces and move on. It wasn’t long before everyone realized that the mobs weren’t in charge anymore. The law struck back, and gangs were forced back into the shadows. In order to survive, the SSR evolved. Changing from an info center to a mock government agency. By that point, they’d amassed enough respect with the local groups that they were able to take charge and make some suggestions. Mafias realized that they couldn’t fight a battle on both fronts, so an unspoken agreement was formed – each mob would stay out of each other’s way, letting each run their own business, so they’d only have to worry about the law, and not another gang ready to backstab you in the alley.”
“He’s not dead,” Coulson whispered, eyes wide, non-believing. “He’s not dead, he’s not dead.
“I didn’t realize that you had such a beef with the Midwest.”
She nodded, looking around to take in her surroundings. There were plenty of times that she imagined what she would do if she ever got in the doors of the NYPD headquarters. Shame this would be a waster opportunity. They were in Fury’s office, the Commissioner dropping them off like school children, grumbling at them to stay put while he got his people together. Any chance to poke around the office was thwarted by an FBI agent posted at the door. Natasha was more than confident that she could get away with a cursory search, but she had promised Steve that she would be on her best behavior. Well, for the time being.
But he couldn’t. He made this mess; it was about damn time he go clean it up.
Tony moaned at the feeling of his strong hands roaming over his back. He yanked at blonde locks, bringing Steve’s mouth back to his.
“No. There could be something in there that can help us find Clint. Besides,” he said, smiling back up Steve. “I got you to protect me.”
“Who’s they?” Tony demanded.
Tony bit his lip hard, tasting the coppery bitterness of blood on his tongue. He should leave. Barnes would survive; Tony couldn’t do anything more to help him. If anything, this way his only chance to run. He knew who Steve was now. Tony felt another wave of betrayal course through him.
The CEO returned an easy smile. “Good morning, Nick! How are you this morning?”
Thor crinkled his brow. “You we're asking for it.”
to get him back.”
Lo and behold, it was mere seconds before Bucky Barnes came charging around the corner they’d just come from, other steps sounding not far behind him. Seeing his window, Clint jumped from cover, aiming straight at the brunette.
Steve snickered alongside Tony before looking back at Sam. “You broke into my house,” he replied again, dumbly.
Eyes snapped open, wide in fear.
“You’re getting worked up, Tony," the blonde tried to placate. "I’m sorry for what happened between you and your father, but how could I have known? How is it- ”
