When Cas returns to Dean's lips, pleased with the purple marks scattered across both sides of Dean's neck, he rocks his body and drags their hips together. The motion and friction pull a wrecked sob from Dean's throat, and so, Cas does it again. Amused, Cas removes himself from Dean slightly and urges him to more comfortably situate himself on the bed. Dean does so, and Cas follows. He straddles Dean's thighs this time and timidly lays his hands on Dean's hips. Dean's breath hitches when Cas's fingers find the fastening on his jeans.
Dean scoffs. "It's funny, it doesn't seem to be coming from mine." He sets his jaw as the urge in his torso surges again, this time breaching his shoulders and slithering up his neck to the back of his throat. It's so intense that he could choke on it.
Dean manages to turn his head to look at Castiel. His pinging thoughts clear and streamline, but the longing and unnamable urge that fills his torso swells with the quick glance, touching his shoulder blades and his hip bones. "What did you do to him?" he asks through gritted teeth.
Dean sits in the darkened impala outside of the medical clinic. He keeps his eyes intently glued on the entrance of the building. His mind, though, is distracted by some sort of longing and anxiety. His leg bounces and he cracks his knuckles over and over again. He feels his stomach in knots, but he cannot pin down what's making him feel this way. Any other stakeout he would be just fine. Bored, but fine. However, this time as he sits alone in the driver's seat, his mind is pinging rapidly from one thought to the next. Nothing substantial comes to mind, but a common thread among about two-thirds of these pinging thoughts is--
Cas lets his hands slide under the fabric of Dean's shirt and they both stall for a moment. Dean stalls for the feeling of rough calloused hands against his waist, and Cas stalls for once again being able to touch Dean's bare skin for the first time since he pieced his physical body back together.
Dean nods, and Cas pulls Dean's shirt over his head. Cas tests the waters and takes things a step further by shoving Dean so that he's on his back on the bed. He runs his hands along Dean's stomach and chest as he lowers himself down and reconnects their lips. Judging by the way that Dean moans and pulls Cas against himself, this was a welcome move.
"I wanted to, at the moment. I kissed him but," Dean swallows hard, "Dad's voice was in my head, calling me all sorts of names, reminding me of all the backward things he brought me up to believe..." He takes a shuddering breath as they swarm back to his mind, forcing the tears out from his eyes. "I turned and nearly puked and basically told Cas to leave. He did."
Dean gasps at their proximity. He rests his hands on Cas's thighs as the angel favors his neck. He closes his eyes and tries not to think too hard, to let his body and heart take control, tries to drown out the voice telling him to run. Then Cas tugs at Dean's hair. He whimpers, and when Cas says "Don't you run from me again," Dean almost loses it right there.
He stays outside for quite a while longer, leaning against the Impala and staring up at the sky as if it held some sort of answer to the questions swirling around his now painfully sober head. He really is stupid. In more ways than one. He curses and heads back toward Bobby's home.
"Well, watching your face and hearing the sounds you make when you orgasm is 'kinda hot' for me." Cas says in a plain nonchalant voice that gives Dean whiplash.
Cas hums in response, pulling his underwear back up and laying next to Dean who redressed himself as well.
Dean's mind, clouded with pleasure and drunk with lust, pieces together that he should and wants to return the favor to Cas. With his hands already glued to Cas's hips, he shoves the other man's underwear down just enough and does not hesitate to mirror Cas's actions.
Castiel and Dean stand outside the panic room door. They hear Sam's screams and wails and pleas. Though muffled by the iron walls, they're still heartbreaking for both of them to hear. Dean takes another long sip of the whiskey he stole from Bobby's liquor cabinet.
Everyone nods, and without further conversation sets to different tasks. Cas works the ring off of the severed finger and puts it in his pocket and Dean follows Sam outside to help move their things from the SUV to the Impala. They all meet at the Impala, very much ready to leave this town.
But Dean's reply comes out harsh. "Or never."
"Wow, thanks, Bobby." The sarcasm drips from his voice as he makes his way into the living room, steaking claim on the entire couch. He stretches out and rests the mug on his stomach with one hand while the other covers his eyes.
Cas nodded, noticing Dean’s hesitation but not saying anything about it. “Okay.”
Cas bit his lip and tried to hold back the tears that were threatening to fall. “T-Thank you Dean” His voice broke as he spoke.
"Sure." Dean blushes, reaching up and running his fingers through Cas' hair.
“Um we’re going to need more milk, flour, eggs, and sugar...there was a small mishap earlier.”
Cas moaned softly, letting Dean deepen the kiss while he moved to straddle Dean’s waist.
Dean takes a few steps forward, forgetting that this is a memory. He watches himself shoot at Castiel with Bobby at his side, then stick a knife in Castiel's chest.
“Yes.” Castiel breathes, nodding happily before the door to the room bursts open.
Cas blushed and smiled, taking the clothes from Dean.
"I'm Your nerd." Dean blushes, kissing him.
"Thanks Cas. I think I'll take Sam's offer and lie down. That way I don't risk pulling them again."
"I guess we'll have to come here more often then." Dean sighs, running his fingers through Cas' hair. Dean's eyes get heavy, and soon he's falling asleep with Cas in his arms, both of them stark naked.
"When Jack was dying, I-I made a deal to save him," Castiel admits.
“Dean, you gave Sam the information you had. There was no way you could’ve known there was more than just a vampire. You’ve always said that this job has risks, every time you go out you’re risking getting hurt or worse. And as for spending time outside of hunts? You haven’t really had time. You’ve been nonstop hunting Dean. I understand that there’s no time to just ‘hang out’ if you’re hunting. You’re tearing yourself apart over things nobody is upset with you about.”
"Yeah... maybe not." Dean laughs.
"Oh d-damn Cas. S-Stop teasing." Dean moans.
"Cas, if you don't wanna do this, you don't have to."
"T-the price was my life- when I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me away forever." Castiel looks up from where he was looking at his hands and is startled.
Cas smiled into the kiss. “Mine.” He growls, continuing to kiss him softly, resting his hands on Dean’s chest
“Then that’s what we’ll do. I’ve seen you and Sam stitch each other up plenty of times I’m sure I can help do it this time.”
"Cas," Dean murmurs in Cas' ear. "I wouldn't have been your fault. Stop beating yourself up over things being your fault. You have no control over what can happen. We've got to just do our best. And you were. You were doing your best at being happy."
"Holy shit Cas." Dean gasps, looking down at Cas quickly.
Dean catches his wrist, blushing harder. "No. Wait. Cas. Stay. Uh... I- uh. He wasn't wrong. At least, not about me."
Cas smiles a little. “A movie sounds nice.”
Dean turns to Cas, smiling. "Don't worry Cas. She won't flirt with me anymore." He rubs the knuckles of Cas' hand with his thumb, humming as the diner bustled with activity. "Did you think I'd fall for That?" He points in her direction. "Come on, I think we both know I'm Cas-sexual." He laughs. "Get it? I love you. Only you. I'm not straight or Bi, or gay... I'm- I'm gonna stop talking."
Cas slowed down, taking him even deeper. Which meant he apparently had no gag reflex.
“If Sam hadn’t been such an assbutt I probably never would have said anything...I was so sure that you secretly hated me or something along those lines.”
Cas practically screamed out a moan, eyes rolling back into his head and his wings fluttering wildly against the bed. “Oh, Dean! Ol Monons! M-more.”
Dean smiles, leading Cas around the kitchen.
Cas smiled softly.
"Good things do happen Dean."
Castiel hesitates, unsure how Dean was going to manage to save both of them, but Dean’s trying.
"Probably really bad." Dean chuckles, taking Cas' hand slowly in his.
Cas gasped softly and bit his lip. “D-don’t stop.”
Cas grinned and eased into the dance.
"I thought maybe you were wandering the halls or somethin'" Dean sighs. "You look so fucking cute.”
"Shut it Gabriel." Dean winces. He turns to Cas and presses his face against Cas' hand. "I don't think so....but it hurts."
Cas took the towel and started to dry off as Dean did the same before slipping on a pair of boxers and gray sweatpants.
"Everybody's gonna die, Cas. Everybody… and I-I can't stop it." Dean confesses. "She's gonna get through that door-"
"Damn." Dean breathes after undressing.
Dean nods, but doesn't move. "So... you wanna go now...?" He snakes a hand up, running his fingers through Cas' hair.
Cas frowned, confused by how calm Dean was being towards him. In the past if Cas had done something like this Dean would give him shit for at least two days.
Cas frowns, tilting his head to the right. “After thinking what Dean?”
Cas nodded. “It’s not just lore, we do have wings.”
Dean smiles, kissing his cheek as they walk into the kitchen.
“There will always be a good thing coming from killing a Winchester for good. Say your goodbye, Castiel.” Billie squeezes her hand before relaxing her hand slightly.
Dean shakes his head, a tear dropping as Castiel steps forward. Again and again until his right hand closes around Dean’s.
"Cas, trust me, I'll be fine. It won't kill me."
Cas smirked into the kiss and teasingly rolled his hips against Dean’s. Causing Dean to gasp and bare his neck back, moaning loud enough that it echoes in the cave.
Cas moaned out loudly and arched his back, sliding his hands into Dean’s hair.
Cas frowned a little, when he thought about it he wasn’t exactly sure how to be himself or have fun. He had primarily just followed orders and carried out whatever tasks he was given when he was in heaven, then when he met the Winchesters he did a similar thing. Research and helping on hunts, whatever they needed Cas did. It made Cas realize that he never really spent time just doing things because he wanted to do them and because they were fun and non-essential to stopping an apocalypse. He supposed taking care of Dean was something that he did just because he wanted to, and because he loved him but Dean said that he didn’t need cas to do anything right now and implied that he didn’t need Cas to take care of him at this moment.
"Now you taste even sweeter."
Cas looked to Sam. “Thank you Sam, we won’t be too long.” Cas helped Dean up and brought him to where the first aid kit was.
"I've got you, baby. Don't worry, I've got you."
Cas giggled. He was happy.
Dean laughs softly. "Good point."
"I always wondered, ever since I took that burden- that curse. I wondered what it could be. What my true happiness could even look like." Dean notices Castiel's eyes water as the angel shakes his head slowly. "I never found an answer. Because the thing- the one thing I want- it's something I know I can't have. But I think- I think I know now." Castiel smiles as tears continue to fill his eyes. "Happiness….isn't in the having- it's in the being. In just saying it."
"Woah." Dean breathes, looking around. "Where are we?" Dean turns to Cas, his eyes wide and smile bright. "It's awesome."
"Billie. She's here." Castiel growls, putting an arm around Dean and dragging him away from the library.
"I'll make sure to let you have SOME days to yourself. But maybe we should figure out where we are, just in case I wanna take you here myself."
Dean shifts, burying his face in Cas' chest. "Cas." He whines, gripping onto Cas' shirt.
After lathering it in Castiel's hair he hums. "Alright tilt your head back baby, I don't wanna get the soap in your eyes."
Cas smiled and nuzzled closer. “Hi.”
"Then we fight." Castiel nods, standing firm.
Cas smiled. “This is my hideaway of sorts. I don’t know exactly where we are because I kind of just appeared here one time a few hundred years ago and I never really thought about figuring out where it is on a map.”
Dean nods, starting the water for it to warm up. "Okay."
Cas nods, standing awkwardly in front of Dean.
"I'm sorry, Cas." Dean says, rubbing a hand up and down his back. "I should'a answered the text, or shouldn't have pushed you to reveal your wings. I was selfish, and now it made you upset. I'll be here for you, alright? Here to dry your tears if you need it."
Cas grinned and gasped softly when Dean tugged on his hair.
Cas nodded and finished up washing the dishes.
“Okay...I’m here for you.” Cas says, kissing Dean’s head.
Cas smiled and helped him clear away the energy drinks and candy wrappers. “And why is that?”
“Okay.” Cas nods.
“Look at you. You’re doing great.”
Cas had just gotten back to the bunker after investigating another possible case. He was about to call Dean to check in when he heard the door to the bunker open. Walking into the bunker, Sam was leaning on Dean for support, since the crutches wouldn't help him down the stairs. Cas got up and walked over to them reaching to help support Sam and get him down the stairs.
Not even 2 1/2 hours later, Dean began muttering things in his sleep, burying his head into Cas' chest and tightening his grip on Castiel.
“Can you?” Cas squeaks.
Cas frowned. “That’s not healthy for him, he needs to sleep regularly. In fact, I’m going to go check on him and make sure he’s actually asleep. Thank you for making me aware of this Sam, his well being is very important to me.” Cas stood up and started to walk towards Dean’s room.
"Stop!" Dean yells, tears streaming down his face. "E-either come back here and show me that you mean what y-you said. Or NEVER COME BACK!" Dean takes a step back, his back hitting the wall before he slides down it.
Dean was stuttering like a fool, the only thing that could be understood was "Cas-" He would buck in Cas' hand every so often, hoping his angel would go faster.
Cas looked at him in shock before grabbing an egg and throwing it squarely at Dean’s chest.
Dean looks up at Cas, his face an identical red. "Uh... That happened."
Cas kept grinding against him, letting out desperate whines and moans.
"What?" Dean looks at Cas, his eyes wide. "But what if we need to go?"
Cas stopped immediately and swam closer, concern and guilt evident in his face “I-I’m sorry are you okay?”
Cas cupped Dean’s cheek with a hand, continuing to kiss him.
"How long do you think we've been gone? I can picture Sam freaking out by now."
A few minutes later, there's a knock on the door as it opens.
"Well, before that happens, I need my crutches so I can go to my room. Dean?" Sam says.
Cas smiles. “Well let’s go see how he did with the pancakes.”
"Now we should...probably... clean up and finish the pancakes," Dean says, placing a kiss on Cas' cheek before shaking his head to get the pancake ingredients off of his head.
Cas nods, but pushes his hips back. “Don’t care. J-just want you in me,”
"T-This one?" Dean falters, but recovers quickly and smiles. "Sure. It's a classic. I'll grab some snacks while you get comfy. Alright? Or do you want to get the snacks?"
"I know. It's just hard. This life is crazy."
"Hey, Cas. How are you doing?"
“I don’t know how to dance.” Cas shakes his head, during his hands.
--Ella Sargent (CastielWinchester1314)
Chuckling, Dean ran his hand up Cas' back, moving a hand into his hair as he nips at his neck.
"Cas, I-" Dean starts, but the sound of something wet moving out of sight causes Dean to turn around and Castiel to whimper.
Dean gasps, bucking his hips slightly. "O-oh fuck."
"Welcome to the Sugar Shack. My name's Marissa. What can I help you with today?" The waitress with brown hair says. Dean frowns slightly, noticing that Cas wasn't looking at him anymore.
Cas played with Dean’s hair. “Gabriel is annoying”
Cas gave him a confused look but nodded. “Okay. But be careful and try not to rip the stitches.”
Cas smirked and kissed at Dean’s neck, grinding against him. Making Dean’s moans louder, baring his neck so Cas had better access. Castiel lightly nipped at the hickies he had left earlier on Dean, gripping onto Dean’s hips tightly.
Dean hums. "Yay." as Cas chuckles softly. Turning his head slightly, Dean brushes his lips against Cas neck.
Dean smiles against the kiss, bringing Cas back onto his feet.
"Sounds relaxing." Dean hums, his stature visibly relaxed. “So what do you feel like doing.... cuz that lake looks pretty inviting."
Dean closes his eyes again, dozing off. His nightmares seemed to lessen when Cas was around, but he had them nonetheless. He started to whimper in his sleep, sweat beading his forehead.
Cas blushed deeply “u-um I don’t know, w-what do you want?”
“I love you most.”
Cas cuddles close, content in Dean’s arms as said hunter snores softly, his chest rising and falling with each breath.
“Dean!” Cas yelps as Dean drops the vial, falling onto his knees in front of it and clutching his chest.
"Gabriel? What for?" Dean asks.
"Cas." Dean says, holding up a pair of extra boxers, a t-shirt and sweatpants. "I grabbed them, just in case you wanted something comfortable." Dean blushes, holding out his extra clothes.
Cas shook his head quickly, turning to face Dean.
"Hey guys, I'm-" Sam says, walking into the library. Seeing Cas and Dean, he covers his eyes and turns around. "Come on guys, leave a warning or something. Or get a room!"
Cas stood there in shock, egg dripping down his head.
"Shit. I'm so sorry, Dean." Sam mutters, struggling to stand up.
“I agree” Cas nods, playing with Dean’s hair.
"Are you sure you did the ritual right? Sorry." A voice says in front of him, causing Dean to look up.
“B-but I...Dean I....”
"That's it, let me hear you." Dean purrs.
But now Dean knows. He knows why Castiel had shown him that song. It was him he was trying to impress.
Cas blushed even more. “N-not really...compared to Gabriel’s wings? Mine are...gross,”
"Really? Well, I can show you." Dean shrugs.
“Why aren’t you sleeping?” Cas tilts his head to the right.
Startled, Dean swivels around, tears in his eyes. "Hey." He says, discreetly wiping his tears by running a hand down his face.
"I wasn't really sure how to tell you either, and the only reason I've stayed with girls was.... it was because my dad scared me into being straight...." Dean sighs.
"I was thinking about how in lore... angels have wings. Right?"
"Hi. I'd like to get a mint chocolate shake and a slice of apple pie." Dean looks up at Cas, smiling as he takes his hand. "Whatcha want, baby?"
"...Joined by the bonds of love. And you cannot track that, not with a thousand bloodhounds, and you cannot break it, not with a thousand swords." Dean mutters before looking down at Castiel, smiling.
"I'm glad you decided to stay. I need you here."
“I know, but I promise you’ll be okay.”
"It's fine Cas."
Licking a stripe up Cas’ neck, Dean pushes his first finger up to the knuckle.
Cas nodded. “Every now and then, when I just need to escape and find some peace and quiet”
Dean turns, looking at Cas with a "why-did-you-tell-him!" look.
Dean needs Castiel.
“I-It’s a sign of shame...punishment for rebelling, for disobeying, for going to the most unholy place.”
Cas grabs his clothes as well, trying not to walk funny.
"Dean, where are you going?" Castiel repeats.
Cas grinned and tossed a pinch of flour at him.
"-and she's gonna kill you. Then she's gonna kill me." Dean adds. "I'm sorry. Cas, I'm sorry."
As Dean reached his climax, he moaned loudly, releasing into Cas' mouth.
Cas looked up and jumped away from Dean, surprised at how quiet Sam managed to be despite being on crutches. Then the confusion set in.
Cas nearly passed out as he reached his orgasm, his whole body tensing and spasming with the force of it. The entire time screaming Dean’s name and a variety of curse words.
"I think I could get used to this."
Dean looks into Castiel’s eyes, shaking his head slightly as he flexes his jaw.
Since when?
Cas gasped and moaned, grinding his hips a little against Dean.
Cas moaned louder and pushed his hips back in time with Dean’s thrusts.
Cas smiles. “Thank you Dean.”
Dean takes a deep breath before pinching himself.
Cas smiled and tried to hide the faint blush on his cheeks.
"Gabriel?" Sam's voice is heard down the hall. "Where the hell are you?"
"Tell me what you want, Castiel." Dean says, his voice a breathy growl. "What do you want me to do?"
Cas screamed out in surprise (though he’d never admit it and he’d kill anyone who said it happened) and squirmed in Dean’s grip, trying his best to splash as much water at Dean as possible.
"I just lead us into another trap. All because- because I couldn't hurt Chuck." Dean says with clenched fists, his hands trembling. "Because I was angry, and I needed something to kill." He huffs, hanging his head slightly. "All because that's what I know how to do." He lets his hands uncurl, his hands still trembling softly.
Dean leaped forward, grabbing an egg from the carton, hurdling the kitchen island. Landing beside Cas, he cracks the egg on Cas' head.
Cas smiled and kissed Cas’ cheek.
Cas blushed and nodded his permission, biting his lip to hold back moans.
Dean nods. "Alright. I'll be back in a few."
"Alright. So far so good." Dean smiles, taking a bite of his pie. Then, he takes a swipe of Cas' whipped cream from Cas' milkshake and booping him on the nose. "Ha. Gotcha."
Cas winced when he saw the gash. “Dean, this is terrible, are you sure you wouldn’t want to go to the hospital for it?”
Cas frowned and sat up. “What? What’s wrong?”
"C-Cas?" Dean pulls back slowly, his heart racing. “Are you sure?”
Dean pulled him close, stroking his back between the wings. "Your welcome Cas." Dean's phone dinged on his nightstand, but he ignored it, placing kisses on Cas' temple and neck.
"We need to talk, Dean. Alone." Castiel had said.
Dean smiles. "I think we'll be better than okay." Cas grins and kisses Dean softly.
Billie drones on slowly, all of her words stabbing Dean in the heart.
Dean smiles as Cas holds him. A dream come true.
Dean finished his pie and drink, paying for it all when a different waiter walks up. After paying, Dean takes Cas' hand, walking back to the diner. "I'm sorry about that waitress, Cas. I saw how you looked at her, but there isn't anyone better looking than you." Dean blushes.
Dean swallows hard, looking up at the ceiling before looking back down at the floor. As if he wants it to just open up and swallow him into the bunker.
Cas nods and shuts up, putting away all the stuff.
Dean felt invincible at this moment, like he could say or do anything. It was probably because of Cas, but Dean smiles.
Dean moves forward, pinning Cas to the wall closest to them. He grabs the bag of sugar, dumping half of it onto Cas' head.
Cas nods. “Whatever you think is best.”
Y-yeah." Dean grimaces. "Just peachy."
He sent Dean to the Empty. He made Dean happy, to tell him he loved and cared for him, and sent him away.
Dean throws his legs over the side of the bed, smiling. "What, Cas? Cat got your tongue?"
"No." Dean growls, catching Cas' hand. "D-Don't leave. Not now." he whimpers.
“Would you believe me if I told you I love you more than that?”
Dean hums, closing his eyes before asking, "Cas. You're gonna stay... right?"
"Well then- wait... ‘See Sam’? Are they... together?" Dean says, turning around to face Cas fully.
"Are too." Dean replies, setting the food on the nightstand. "Move over so we can cuddle." Dean says, cupping a hand on Cas' jaw and kisses him. Cas moves over, wrapping them both in Dean’s comforter.
Dean moans, tugging on Cas' hair lightly as he pressed himself against the tile.
He goes to turn around, the barn doors bust open, the bar keeping them closed broken in half.
Cas smiles a little. “I’m always here if you need me, Dean.”
"Here we are." Dean got out and led Cas inside. Going to the farthest booth from the door, he slides in and smiles as Cas sits across from him.
“Yes. I trust you, Dean.” Castiel nods confidently.
Dean looks up, smiling at his angel before faltering. "C-Cas. Did I do something wrong?" He leans forward, reaching out to touch Cas' forearm.
There was silence, but no answer to his prayers.
"I love you. So much."
Cas moaned louder, arching his back “oh fu- Dean ah! L-Love you s-so much- shit” Cas couldn't help the profanities that started to slip from his lips, Dean was just so damn good.
“I’ll let you get the snacks, I’m not sure what you want to eat.”
His kisses were rougher than before, which makes Cas moan and kiss back just as rough, rolling his hips a little.
Dean's eyes widen a bit. "C-Can I see them? Or are they not able to be seen?"
Cas grinned and held his hand, starting to walk back towards the kitchen with him. “Worse than you hitting him in the face with pancakes?”
“I’m sorry you had to go through that and other stuff with your dad.”
Cas blushed deeply. “I- I’ve never- I don’t know h-how-.“ Cas blushed more and hid his face against Dean’s neck, he wanted Dean badly, but he wasn’t sure how or what to do.
Cas hesitated then wrapped his arms around Dean, pulling him into a hug.
Cas moaned around him, speeding up.
Dean rolled his hips, groaning.
Cas nodded. “I’ve noticed that too, I’m not sure why though. It’s surprising since he hasn’t been sleeping well lately too and usually when he gets poor sleep he is angrier.”
"Sam. Come on man, I know you can handle yourself. Next time, knock. Don't open the door." Dean growls. "Thanks for handling the Charlie situation, but there is no need to put the blame on us."
Castiel quickly grabs Dean's pocket knife, cutting the palm of his hand in one swift motion.
There's gotta be a way Castiel can save Dean. This is just a plaster wall in comparison to any other warding. But it'll be enough to hold off Billie. For what? Castiel has no clue.
"I'd n-never." Dean breathes.
"Dean?!" Castiel exclaims, watching his grace settle into Dean as Billie steps closer. Turning around, Castiel lifts his blade. There was no time to think about Dean's condition. He needs to fight off Billie.
Cas moaned and slid his hands into Dean’s hair.
Castiel draws the warding on the door with his blood, finishing the last sigil as Billie turns down their hallway.
“You need to rest Dean, I don’t want to keep you awake.” Cas nods.
Cas sat back down on the couch with a smile, relieved and elated that Dean felt the same.
Pulling on his clothes, Dean sighs as he leans against a rock, waiting for Cas.
Dean nods, turning down a back road and heading to the diner. It was painted red and white, exactly how you would imagine a diner.
Dean yelps, gripping onto Cas' shoulders with both hands.
"I don't think that's even possible. Me hating you. I think that it would be the other way around. I'm such a jerk to everyone."
Cas shook his head. “B-but there’s always someone in danger o-or needing help, I should’ve thought about that before just being selfish and stealing you away. What if Charlie had died? I-It would’ve been my fault.”
Dean moves beside Cas, drying the dishes and putting them away. The bunker door opens a few minutes later, and Dean pulls out his phone.
Behind them The Empty enters the room, startling Billie to the point that she lets go of Dean.
Cas wraps the cut again and kisses the top of Dean’s head and smiles “well somebody’s gotta do it.”
Closing his eyes, Dean kisses him back as he softly grabs Cas' hair in his fist.
"I think Dean needs to be wrapped in bubble wrap." Sam laughs, helping up Cas and Dean.
"DEAN GET BACK HERE!" Sam booms, his voice heard in every hallway.
“E-Every time I try to be happy s-something goes wrong, someone gets hurt a-and it’s always my fault...”
Sam mumbles his apology, walking out of the room before slamming the door closed..
"Thank you. For staying."
Cas blushed a bit and followed Dean’s instructions.
Sam laughs as Dean rolls his eyes.
Cas smirked and nipped at Dean’s jaw. “Make me.”
Carry On SPN Family
"But I-" Dean starts, but Sam puts a hand on his good shoulder.
Cas’ smirk grew wider and he continued to grind his hips down against Dean’s, starting to leave marks on Dean’s neck.
Dean hesitates but nods regardless. "Sure. Sounds exciting."
Cas flinched when the door slammed, staring down at his hands with a blank expression on his face.
Turning to see if Dean is still doing okay, Castiel watches Dean lean against the shelves, his head bowed.
"Putting on music." Dean says, playing "Cherry Pie" by Warrant. "That way we can dance."
Gabriel smirked and watched the interaction, noting the very obvious hickies that littered Dean’s neck and shoulders.
"No!" Castiel screams, his vision blurry from the tears.
"What are we doing, Cas?" Dean huffs. "We're just wasting time-" Dean groans, holding his chest and squeezing his eyes tight. This urges Castiel to move faster and quicker.
"Damn it Gabriel!" Dean yelps.
Cas realized then that he didn’t have a change of clothes, he picked up his dirty clothes and figured he’d just try and mojo them clean.
Cas groans softly and tries to nuzzle closer to Dean to cuddle, not caring that they were laying on the ground.
Cas smirked and pulled his hand from Dean’s, moving to stand fully on the shore. He slowly stripped off his own boxers, making eye contact with Dean as he got down on his hands and knees, arching his back and sticking his ass in the air practically begging to be fucked, even if he didn’t say anything.
But nothing happens.
"It's an expression, baby," Dean says, blushing as he slips out the nickname. "I'm just curious about why you didn't come back with anything. That's all."
"W-wait," Castiel says, turning his head back towards Dean. "There- there is one thing she's afraid of, one thing that's strong enough to stop her." He looks up fully into Dean's eyes, knowing how Dean will react.
Cas looked at the stitches and frowned, three of them had torn and it was not pretty. “Your shoulder tells another story.”
“It’s okay. I’ll let you see them.” Cas nods, as Dean smiles, blushing slightly.
Cas shrugged. “Whatever you want to watch is fine.”
Cas swallowed and pulled off slowly.
A few minutes pass when a waitress dressed in a black and red dress walks up to their table. Seeing Dean, she smiles widely and bats her eyelashes. Clearly flirting.
Cas was panting, still kinda out of it, he smiled lazily and giggled
Dean shifts, panting heavily as he makes Cas comfortable. "I-I really like this hideaway, Cas."
Cas chuckled. “Just be careful”
"I-I don't know. I don't-" Dean huffs in early defeat, but quickly gasps in pain. He holds his chest as Castiel moves forward in fear, his eyes wide.
Cas smirks, leaning forward to kiss along Dean’s shaft.
Cas lightly nips at his jaw before sucking a hickey on his collarbone, causing Dean to let out a throaty moan, growling near the end. He puts his hands on Cas' hips, holding him close.
The wind howls as Dean watches the memory unfold in front of him, the storage room shifting into Bobby's barn.
Cas moans around him, letting Dean buck his hips.
Cas giggled and threw more flour at him.
"Cas. That isn't your fault...." Dean says, his face portraying what he was thinking. "Here, I have an idea. Let's plan a date, and let everyone know where we are, how long we'll be gone, and that we aren't available. That way, if they need help, they can call Sam or another hunter. Alright?"
Thanks for reading so far! Let me know in the comments how you like it!
“Well I would never let you go back there, so I think we’re both going to be okay.”
Sam walks into the infirmary, leaning against the doorway.
Dean slowly slid the sweatpants and boxers down and off, kissing Castiel's lips in the process. Dean then shifted, moving back down to face Cas' erection. Leaning in, he kissed his shaft before licking up the length of his cock with the flat of his tongue.
Dean looked over at Cas, a smile on his face. "Cas... don't start a war you can't win."
"CAS HELP!" Dean yelps.
Dean winces, pulling away as Cas cleans it.
Cas’s eyes were as wide as quarters, staring at Dean in complete disbelief, shock overriding the fact that what Dean did turned him on. Did he not realize they were in a busy diner?
He starts kissing down Dean’s neck, leaving Dean to be a squirming mess.
Cas kissed back and blushed.
"Cas. Damn." Dean growls, closing his eyes as he meets Cas halfway.
“You’re welcome... how’s your shoulder feeling?” Cas was looking for any excuse to spend time with Dean, even if it was just stalling and making dumb small talk.
"Cas." Dean winces. "Thanks. Again."
Cas smirked and turned them around so that Dean was pinned against the wall.
“H-hey Cas. What's up?"
"Knowing you has changed me, Dean."
"Cas, angel. Are you gonna join me in the shower? Or do you want some alone time?"
"Alright. Thanks for sending him to bed. He's been staying up for long periods of time. I think just yesterday, he didn't go to sleep at all."
"Cas." Dean whines, bucking up to meet Cas halfway. Dean shifts, holding Cas' head to his neck as his other hand rests on Cas' lower back.
“There aren’t exactly dance classes in Heaven.”
"I think I'd believe you, but I've been told seeing is believing..."
Dean nods as Sam smiles.
“I don’t see you trying to stop me.”
"Nothing. I'm fine." Dean shakes his head while fixing his eyes on his hands. After a few minutes of silence, Dean sighs. "It's just... It's my fault. I'm a terrible brother and a worse friend."
"I-I think you ripped t-the stitch." Dean stutters, grabbing at his shoulder.
“Then let’s go there.” Cas chuckles.
>Dean looks up, eyes wide as if caught red-handed. He pulls off his headphones after pausing the music, a guilty look on his face.
Outside the door, Billie tries to touch the handle, but can't. With a scowl, she starts pounding on the door in a slow rhythm, as if to freak out the duo. She wants Dean dead, and if killing the pretty gay angel was the only way to Dean, then so be it.
“Dean. Stay strong, we’ll find a way to stop this together. I love you, Dean. We'll make it through this." Castiel says, turning around and facing Dean.
"Cas." Dean says, placing both hands on his forearms after turning and standing in front of him by the Impala. "You are funny, and yes, you are a bit awkward, but it makes you, you. And I don't think it's possible to find anyone better looking. Besides, that isn't why I love you-though it's a nice bonus- I love you for your bravery and patience. Your kindness and your willingness to tell me to shut the hell up. You don't have to like EVERYTHING I do, because you might like something different. I'll never leave you, Castiel. I promise." Dean smiles. "And if I were to leave, I'd be dragged away kicking and screaming. I love you, Cas. There isn't anyone or thing I love more."
But when you would touch me, other times, i would come back in my mind, like a promise."
No more back-and-forth, it's almost over."
"Don't worry more than that. I am talking to a
, you said you weren't sure of what is good for you while looking at me.
"Okay !"
"Did you read my mind, for saying this ?"
"She pwetty !"
We have adopted in our lives this little bundle of joy. And hopefully, in a few years, she will be your best playmate.
How do you feel, love ?"
, i can dig
Wear a damn bell, man !"
What i am going to say will sound bad, but, i would always have chosen your safety instead of others'.
"We ?"
"I hope so. Because i am not ready to let go any soon."
"Yes. This is where i sacrificed myself, even though the end result became meaningless..."
, that my heart is broken so much, i'm afraid it is only a defective organ made of scars.
"Why not
will be impressive enough to make you remember it forever."
Hello
. I just don't know-how.
"My apologies. I heard you making panicking noises and i couldn't find
"Wait, i know this place, this is-"
, wait !
I'm that screwed up."
being alive.
Will you stop coming here retrieving your condoms, to finally go lose your virginity with her already !?
Ever since mom died, i had to raise you and be your mother, i couldn't be a child nor a brother.
Besides, today is only the
The thing is,
Or, that ever since you've been in my life, i've dreaded every feeling that kept swirling in me ?
Don't worry
I want to retire with you, in a house in the wild nature, while taking care of bees and a pet dog."
I... I love you so much
"Yeah, yeah, take his side while you're at it. I should spike his beer with soap, next time we meet."
"That's what she said !"
"Oh, yes !"
"It's okay
He is curious about everything. And, although he is cultivated about most of pop-cultures' facts, he would always still ask about references.
But i guess that this is
It hit me like an explosion, i made a wrong choice, a decision that became void of reasons in the end."
So i made the choice, to die while drowning, even though it doesn't excuse what happened next because of me."
Living the burdens of a dozen hunters at the same time. Going through a cycle of non-sticking death and everlasting pain.
We can have normal lives now. So i want, my love for you, to be the only intense emotion i feel with you."
"Because i thought about your perfection too."
Today, we have a surprise for you. You think you're interested ?"
"Morning
"Hum, no. I mean, i didn't plan on packing anything, because i thought the bunker was already nice enough of a home.
Are you really going to indulge that farce !?  That was not your choice then. But it can be your choice now."
I don't matter that much to the world now. Thus why i chose to be selfish and indulge in my happiness with
"Indeed.
Not fear of death or anger of hatred, like we went through.
among your discs, i want a vinyl record player."
is happening anymore. Only us
, there is a note here. For you."
"He's...
"I felt that my sacrifice was purposeless because i endangered even more people.
"Because you do
That it hurt me when
"Greetings everyone. We were enjoying our daily feeding.
"..."
I don't want to go through that ever again
, this is- haa... So good !"
Shoes off. Quietly, they are waking up.
"O... okay."
"I feel- huh- i'm gonna, burst
. More than i could take. Prepared, one last time, to put my heart on the line."
I think we can assume it says a lot about what he is feeling right now."
"Yes she is
He's outside checking his truck."
He also cried when everything was bad, because of how big his heart is.
"I can't
"... I just... I'm freaking afraid
isn't on our shoulders now.
"Not one bit. I was always yours,
But i keep reconsidering because there are a lot of things in this home that gives me second thoughts of what is good for me.
"I doubt it. I am quite imp'essive, as a b'unette. It would be big shoes to fill."
"Do you trust me enough, to take care of it ?"
"That smart-ass bitch !"
"This way. As usual."
If anyone would say to me that it becomes easier once you start conveying your feelings, i would slap their stupid faces.
"Who dat !?"
"I see. Are you also packing ?"
me !"
"Extremely satisfying."
. Why ?"
"Let's take this outside."
chose another life, out of mine, when going for
"You've lost me there,
"Jesus
, in the end. When you have normal circumstances, love is one of the most delicate feelings.
"For the last time
, i am being serious and i am not trying to mock you or anything.
both of us."
"Hum..!"
"... Okay."
I couldn't bear to lose anyone i cared about so much. Certainly not you.
, not if i can avoid it.
!?  You are free damnit !  Freer than you've ever been before. What's stopping you now !?"
, hopefully, she would rival in beauty with your mother when a fully adult herself.
"I see. Well, i will leave you to it. Maybe even just leaving."
"Here i go."
hunters less. Not anything more.
But you're a grown-ass man now. And like you said, we are free.
He is kind and caring. He never gave up on his beliefs, although it meant betraying others.
I mean you've got to applaud him, he got rid of the artificial garbage island, that's some serious differences in our lives.
"Don't react like that
"Bitch, i can
, yes.
"I just...
He worried about everyone and would always give a helping hand, no matter how awkward he is."
, ever since his last death. He was acting strange and thought he was being subtle about it.
"I want to retire.
I do hope that this
anywhere."
"Heya
"You weren't the only one at fault. I did questionable things
"Why does this sounds like someone i know ?"
We can't spend our lives thinking we can only live by being miserable. Chuck doesn't get a saying anymore.
And then, it was one thing after the other. I didn't have to think, i only had to protect you. Nothing else mattered.
And what about you ?"
, i don't know what comes next. And i hate that thought.
The moment i told him he was not, he confessed everything that transpired."
"No !  That is not what i said !  Please, just... Listen to me for more than 5 minutes, one last time. That's all i ask."
You can hardly keep a lady waiting that long."
And that's all that would happen. Nothing less, nothing more. Just us being human among others."
Not because you don't have any other options. You are not limited to go back to being a hunter."
"Will you really stay here ?  Make the bunker your home ?"
I am just stressed out about what would transpire if i leave and only the two of you remains, not talking to each other.
. You were perfect, You are perfect."
"Well, hum..."
"Oh, you would like him so much, if you would give him a chance, trust me."
I won't lie, i forgot about it sometimes.
Rejecting any notion of happiness, in favour of your edginess, ensuring you would stay cold and a killing machine.
. You're only mad that the cat is out of the bag."
"I can't !"
"You're so cute, as always, lil' pie.
did to us our all life."
"Not everyone
"Well that's sounds familiar. Oh right, your
It was maybe temporary, maybe it would never have lasted more if it were other circumstances, but i really tried.
I can say i cared about people like that before, i truly liked
"The point is,
"You had no rights !  Did you forced him !?"
"What about me ?"
The point is, you are suffering right now and it is also hurting me, because i care about both of you."
"I... We are not asking you to give only one answer immediately. All we want is that you're making choices because you want to.
"There is something i want to do, first. If you will allow me"
things !
"Thank you.
"Couldn't have said it better myself, love."
. We no longer have any kind of obligations. The
But mostly, he lowered the stakes. Nothing
In the
"Are you ready to take a naturist-style bath ?"
that were interested, only
"Exactly.
"Sure you can jerk !
"Ye-yes.
, i am not made for this. Never was, never will be."
"I shared my fears about your situation with others. I won't name them, because that is not what matters, not for now.
We can be happy, we should be happy, we deserve the world after saving it more than 1 time.
They are a big help if you want to know. I am better in many ways, thanks to them."
"I'm- i'm cumming !"
"Sounds like you have a whole plan. You wouldn't mind me wanting a lake to fish in and listening to music, sometimes a whole day ?"
"You do not need to worry, i will keep us quite warm."
, is he another careful choice ?"
, it cannot compare. Everything is mad and intense. I sometimes can't bear what happens when i think about you.
, Your wings are magnificent."
"Don't stop. While our wings are not erogenous, they are sensitive. You're pleasing me,
"It is a surprise, but you can trust me on one thing. I want to be intimate with you there."
"Wow.
What there is between the two of you, i can't describe it. At least, before i couldn't, right now, i can only see pain.
"If you say so."
She will need to learn to stand and run, before playing with you. What do you think ?
"Don't rush it, take your time. I wanna enjoy the view."
Because what and how could i say what's on my mind ?
"Say,
And you both deserve better than a splitting killing silence. You both deserve to be happy, let it be with each other or not.
"But... But this
That's what i realised when
"Yeah ?"
"This,
That my heart broke the night my mom died in a horrible fire and a second time, the moment her lifeless corpse was in front of my very eyes ?
. I want to take you somewhere, for a grand gesture. Somewhere meaningful to me."
"I always thought it wouldn't come back.
This is the kind of decision that makes me ask myself, how i didn't saw it before.
Because it's almost the same as asking someone to decide for me, which was what
What else must i understand if not that i am just blocking you from being happy ?"
"Perfect, just like you."
It was not fair for any of us. And i still have nightmares, coupling with some
"Please, i want to finish my thoughts."
I am older than mankind, but only now do i find myself tired of everything we've been through...
"Who is that person ?"
"Do it, let it come to you. Feel my love,
"Okay."
"Where ?"
"Are you being serious right now ?  Quit playing the smart ass !!"
. How are you ?"
"Oh... no doubt
That those kinds of decisions are only made when your heart isn't just inside you anymore. But is imprinted onto someone else.
"No, what is screwed up, is how we had to go through the life of every person possible, in our
, i'm not sure..."
"Wow !  This, this is..."
"He is, beautiful, and also sexy, both in body and mind. So you know, it's a big plus for me.
"I ain't telling you anything !"
"Only if there is some
"Don't worry, i know you aren't there yet. I just want to show you how important you are to me."
"For me ?"
"In what way, did i implied i was forcing you to empty your baggage ?"
"You don't mind that i made it permanent ?"
"What ?"
, there is a town that-"
Join me,
"I don't know how to do anything else,
What are you saying !?"
"I don't know how !"
That i hated but loved my father for choosing this path for us ?
, tomorrow i am taking some tiny things and that's it.
"I've talked to
"You are sure taking your sweet time
, you've got to admit that was adorable and mindful of him."
"Hello,
"Oh hell,
"Shut up !  I just keep
. This friendship, this relationship i have with you. No matter how much i screwed up, i don't want to lose it.
I didn't even get the chance to truly experience my teenage years.
"I don't care anymore what you did. I only care that i don't want you to go anywhere on your own from now on.
"No. Not at all. It's just a hobby. It's alright. It was an accident."
Cas moaned, kissing Dean passionately.
He wouldn't have it any other way.
He wants Dean back. Correction. He needs Dean back.
"How did you love me, after all that? I've hurt you. More than anyone else." Dean whispers, shaking his head slightly.
"But I was to you. And I know you didn't deserve it after all you've gone through. I'm so sorry." He says. "You've been so patient with me. I can't believe you've loved me for so long."
"There's no one luckier." He smiles, placing a kiss on Cas' jaw before turning back to the pancake batter.
Cas grabs the bag from Dean and dumped the rest of it over Dean.
"Well, if you hadn't been here, I'd lose all courage in... telling you how I feel." Dean blushes, sitting on his bed.
Who knew one sentence could give an angel an existential crisis?
“You’re an idiot” Cas mumbles.
Dean shakes his head. "Just a dream. That's all." He relaxes, laying back down. "I'm alright."
"You know. This was just supposed to be a shower.... but damn." Dean moans against Cas' neck.
Standing in the doorway, Sam groans and rolls his eyes.
"And if we can't?" Dean replies with a trace of anxiety in his tone, but Castiel didn't need to see his face to see the defeat in his expression and the fear in his eyes.
Dean moans against Cas' lips, tugging his hair.
"You what?" Dean says, as if not sure if he heard right. But with a nod from Castel, Dean feels dread seep into his stomach. This can’t be happening. It can’t be happening.
Dean nods again, standing up slowly and helping Cas up. Dean smiles, stretching a bit before going to grab his clothes.
"I- yeah. Just thinking. That's all."
Dean smiles as he moves further down, stopping at the waistband of Cas' sweatpants. He leaves a hickey at his hip bone before looking up into Cas' eyes.
"Oh, Cas." Dean moans, moving behind Cas. "I-I don't have lube, so it's gonna hurt like hell."
"It's inevitable." Dean sighs. "But hey, that won't stop me." He says, lifting Cas' face by the jaw and kissing him softly. Cas kissed back as Dean backstepped, moving until he reached the edge of the lake. Sitting on the shore of the lake with his feet still in the water, Dean licks Cas' bottom lip, as if asking for permission.
Cas played with his hair and held him close.
Dean walks away to his room, smiling numbly with a content look on his face.
The waitress comes back, putting Dean and Cas' food in front of them. "If you have any questions, just let me know." Marissa says before walking away.
Cas still continued to only stroke him slowly, littering hickies over Dean’s chest.
"Depends on who it is..." Dean mutters, quickly reaching over to look at the screen. Sam. "It's just Sammy." He replies, tossing the phone onto the bed somewhere.
"No. No I don't. I don't deserve to be saved. I didn't need to be saved from Death. I needed you, Cas. I need you."
Cas shrugs. “I’m not sure. As far as I’ve observed, Gabriel has liked Sam for a long time but Sam seems to be oblivious.”
"Damn. Y-you look so hot right now."
Cas continued grinding against him desperately, moaning out Dean’s name repeatedly as the pleasure overwhelmed him. He’d never felt anything like this and he never wanted it to stop.
Dean nods, getting up and handing his brother his crutches. Getting up slowly, Sam bids his "good night"'s as he walks off to his room.After Sam is gone Cas essentially drags Dean to where all the first aid supplies were kept and made him sit down.
"Have you noticed the way Dean’s been acting? It's kinda weird, considering this is the exact opposite of how he normally is. Like, he’s really forgiving and nice?"
Dean nods, but he doesn't look up.
"Cas, you act like a worried nurse. I'll be fine."
Cas moaned out and continued. “F-feels so good- ah oh Dean!”
Cas looked at him in shock “Dean Winchester you’re lucky I’m not mean enough to dump a whole milkshake over your head right now.”
Dean chuckles softly, giving Cas an Eskimo kiss as he wraps his arms around Castiel.
"Castiel." Dean says, his voice raw. The hunter closes his eyes, clasping his hands together before bowing his head slightly. "I don't know if you can hear me, but… I need you to come back." He squeezes his hands together, causing his knuckles to turn bone white. "We could have found a different- a different way. We could've made a way. You could've- should've just talked to me. Y-you didn't have to drop a bomb like that." Dean ignores the fourth phone call from his brother, leaning his head against the wall as a tear slides down his face.
Not if. When. Sam will leave him, and he’ll be alone.
Cas blushed and grinned, nuzzling his face into Dean’s neck. He squirmed slightly, becoming aware of the mess in his pants.
Cas sat Dean up and pulled Dean into his lap, holding him close and pretty much rocking him.“Dean I’m here, wake up my love. I’ve got you, I promise you’re okay.”
Seeing the Empty wasn't hearing him, Castiel falls to his knees, looking at his hands.
Cas eventually wandered over to where Dean was. “Hi”
“Shhhhh you’re safe Dean, I’m here.”
"Cas, baby. I'm either going to fuck you into the mattress and make you groan, moan, and scream until you lose your voice. Or slam into you so hard that you won't be able to walk without a limp for a week." Dean growls, nipping at Cas' collarbone as he squeezes out lube onto his fingers. “Maybe both.”
Cas looked over to him. “What are you doing?”
"You didn't have to summon the Empty for me. We could've gone down, guns blazing together. I-I wish we could have fought her together."
Dean kissed Castiel’s forehead before opening the door for him. "We should go somewhere you like next. Where do you wanna go?"
Cas finished up and kissed Dean’s forehead. “All better”
"Good morning, angel."
"Cas. baby." Dean says, looking into Cas' eyes. "I'm sorry if I upset you. I just want you to relax."
"Damn it, Sam." Dean growls. "Knock BEFORE you open the door."
"I know," Castiel says during the brief pause.
Cas blushed a little and smiled. “Hey.”
And now because of Castiel, Dean's happy. He triggered the Empty.
Cas moaned and pushed his hips forward against Dean’s
Cas smiles and nods. “Okay, but for now let’s go back to the bunker.” Cas focused for a second before transporting them to Dean’s room.
"Cas, baby, you sure?"
"Okay." Dean nods, kissing the top of his head. "I'll let you pick where to go and when to go. I'll never let anything bad happen. I'll be right here."
“I think it would be a good idea for both you and Sam to take it easy on hunting. You push yourself so hard all the time. You need to let yourself relax and do normal things too.”
Cas smiled and stripped down to his boxers as well before running right past Dean and doing a perfect dive into the lake.
"After thinking about easing up on hunts. I'm not as young as I once was starting this, and I don't want to die on a hunt. I don't." Dean huffs, on the verge of crying again. "I know I'll never have a normal life, but I don't want to spend all of my time hunting." He puts his face in his hands, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees.
"I love you 3000." Dean says, remembering the Avengers movie he'd seen with Cas a while back. Dean smiles, closing his eyes and falling asleep.
"I don't think that's true." Dean laughs.
Cas frowned, sitting next to Dean. “Dean, what’s wrong?”
"Wanna join?" Dean chuckles. "Or are you gonna go read or somethin'?"
Dean leaves the room, leaving the door open a crack as he goes to get beer, popcorn, m&m's and Doritos.
"Dean," Sam growls.
Dean chuckles, wrapping his arms around Cas. "I figured."
"It just seems familiar somehow. I don't know why." Dean says, but stops. "Wait, you said it 'sounds nice'?"
Cas stared up at him with innocent eyes, deep throating him.
Dean started on the pancake batter, getting flour in his hair, on his face, and shirt.
Dean swallows, nodding his head as he slowly moves his hand closer to the down feathers.
Cas grinned and backed away a few steps.
"F-Fuck Cas." Dean groans, shuddering at the feeling of Cas all around him.
How long?
"Taking care of me. I'm not the easiest patient." Dean says.
Cas’s face went bright red. “O-oh.”
Cas kissed back and rested his forehead against Dean’s.
Sorry for the SUPER short Chapter. The next one had a bit of a sucker punch feeling to it, so I want it to be separate from this one...
"Alright. thanks for letting know." Dean says.
"Doing better, surprisingly." Sam smiles.
“Oh...okay” Cas was still a little confused and a bit worried that maybe he hadn’t done the right thing, but he pushed those thoughts aside and got up from Dean’s lap so they could go shower.
“I came to check on you but also to let you know that Gabriel will be here soon.”
“Cas?” Dean says, his eyes wide. “Wait, Cas is that-”
Dean's eyes roll to the back of his head, finding an easy rhythm.
Dean pushes forward, slowly moving into Cas to avoid hurting him. Despite the slight burn, Dean moaned loudly with pleasure.
Dean turns to Cas' silence and sighs.
"Dean," Castiel says as he watches the hunter walk further into the storage room and into the interrogation area. "Billie said that wound was killing her. Maybe we can wait it out."
"You'd love it." Dean smiles, licking off the whipped cream from his nose. He leans across the table, licking off the whipped cream from Cas' lips before giving him a quick kiss. Then he goes back to eating his pie, as if it didn't happen.
"F-Fuck Cas."
"Hm..." Dean hums, kissing his lips before moving to his neck. "I'm not sure..."
Dean nods. "So.. now what? I mean, I'm kinda tired, so I was gonna head to bed, but if you wanted me to stay up longer... I could." Dean shrugs, wincing slightly again.
Cas smiled up at him and laughed softly. “You’re a nerd.”
"Dean. I texted-" Sam says, walking in before yelping.
Cas smiled softly and stayed with him, holding him as he slept, feeling happy he could finally act on his feelings for Dean.
Dean leans forward, kissing Castiel softly.
"We took care of the ghost while you guys were out. Where were you?"
Cas frowned and helped Sam over to the couch before turning to Dean. "Well, it is obvious what happened to Sam, but what happened to you? And I can tell you’re in pain Dean so don’t try and lie."
Cas leaned into the kisses “D-Do you need to check that”
"Okay, so it's simple. Just follow me." Dean says, stepping to the right slowly, so Cas could adjust his footing.
Castiel opens his mouth to speak, but is cut off by a scoff from Dean.
Sam groans slapping his forehead. Dean covers his blushing face, looking away. "No, I mean, you both have been avoiding your damn feelings. Just talk and kiss already. I'm sick of the tension." Sam says, waving a hand as he walks away with his crutches.
Dean was in his room, sleeping on his stomach with his arms under his pillow. His headphones were on, and he was humming to "Heat of the Moment."
Cas led Dean to a chair and sat him down. He grabbed the first aid kit to check in the stitches, mumbling apologies the entire time feeling bad for causing Dean pain.
Cas smiles. “You’re allowed back anytime you want.”
Cas continued to leave a trail of hickies on Dean’s neck, grinding against him
“Of course Dean.” Cas held him close. “I’ll never leave unless you tell me too. And even then someone would have to drag me away kicking and screaming.”
Dean sighs softly, collapsing onto his bed. "I missed you, bed." Dean chuckles. Cas smiled and sat next to him.
Dean smiles, drawing the curtain and standing under the spray of water with Cas.
Dean rocked his body against Cas, moaning against Cas' lips.
Dean's eyes widen before he takes off out of the room and down the hallway.
Dean sat on his bed, sketchbook on his lap, and headphones on his head. Blasting AC/DC, he was drawing a tree, with two figures underneath. There was a bag of caramel candies beside him, alongside a couple of energy drinks.
"I uh, his wings I think. Just a glimpse, because I turned around as soon as I walked in..." Sam says.
“O-Okay” Cas stepped into the shower, shyly pulling Dean in with him.
Cas frowned and gently reached to hold Dean’s hand. “Why not?”
"Baby, relax." Dean whispers. He began working his finger in and out of Cas, stroking a sensitive bundle of nerves. Once that finger moved easily in and out, he added a second finger and began scissoring them apart to stretch the tight entrance. As Dean does this, he's nipping bruises along Cas' neck and collarbone, kissing the pre existing ones.
“Oh...that sounds nice...well maybe apart from the last part, that sounded a little stressful.”
Dean lets go of Castiel, coughing after he inhaled some of the water Cas was splashing.
Nodding, Dean moves so he was sitting directly behind Cas. He lifts a hand, playing with an iridescent black feather. "Just tell me when to stop."
“Dean, what are you talking about? You’re the best friend I’ve ever had and if Sam were in here right now he’d be very upset with you for thinking you’re a terrible brother.”
“I know I just- I just worry about accidentally hurting you. I don’t ever want to do that.”
Cas looks up. “Hi Sam, I am doing good. How is your leg?”
"What's the matter? You don't think you deserve to be saved?" Castiel's past-self asks, causing Dean to sob.
“D-Did the kisses make your shoulder better?”
Cas blushed. “I usually keep them hidden but y-you can see them...”
(Aka Ella Sargent)
"D-damn I hate sleeping." Dean sighs.
Cas shook his head. “It m-makes me a disgrace to my brothers and sisters.”
Castiel chuckles half-heartedly. "Because it is." More tears fall down his face as he smiles weakly. Placing his bloody hand on Dean’s shoulder, he leaves behind a handprint. His handprint on Dean’s left shoulder.
"I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition." Castiel had answered.
Dean sits down on the seat, pulling off his t-shirt again and sighing.
Castiel grips Dean's arm tightly to keep him upright as he half carries Dean away, a wave of dread washing over him.
Cas giggles and takes his own shirt off.
He rolls his shoulder, running a hand through his hair before sitting back down on the couch.
Dean freezes, shocked by the kiss.
Cas blushed bright red. “O-oh um...I’ll just have the same thing.”
'Dude, this is a love song. Who're you trying to impress with this?' Dean had asked. Castiel frowned and walked away, not saying anything to the hunter.
"Well... not really," Dean says. "It's just an experience thing."
Cas nodded. “Y-yeah.”
Dean moans, gripping onto Cas tighter.
Dean nods, kissing his temple.
Cas’ eyes roll to the back of his head, and one look at the grin on Dean’s face, Cas knew he was done for. There was no way he’d be able to walk much less stand after this.
Cas sat next to him and kissed his cheek.
"Alright," Dean says. "We gotta get in the shower before I change my mind."
Cas smirked against Dean’s skin, loving every single reaction he got out of Dean. Deciding to be even more of a tease he moved his hand away from Dean and started to get up out of Dean’s lap.
"W-we should have stayed with Sam and Jack. We should be there with them now." Dean adds, his voice unsteady.
“Dean you’re a mess, you have flour everywhere. Even right...” Cas booped Dean's nose, effectively getting flour on him, “There!”
Dean smiles, nipping at Cas' neck.
"So..." Dean clears his throat. "S-Sam thinks we have f-feelings for each other?" Dean stutters.
“You said we’d be here together,” Castiel whispers into the still air. “I love you, Dean Winchester.”
--Ella Sargent (CastielWinchester1314)
“I’d be concerned if they did make themselves.”
Dean presses Castiel against the bed, humming quietly.
Dean hums softly, thinking as he closed his sketchbook.
The barn's roof rattles, causing Dean's heart to drop. He knows what happens in this. He remembers it as clear as day. But right now? Right now he doesn't want to remember. He wants to look away, to leave this room and never come back. But a part of him wants to see him again. Even if it's a memory. He wants to see Castiel again. Even if it's the last time.
As the clock struck midnight a few hours later, the sound of the t.v. was still going. Dean sat in the t.v's light, the rest of the room dark. Several thoughts were running through his mind, but one kept coming back to punch him in the gut. He got Sam hurt. It was normal that they'd have scars or bruises after a hunt, but Sam broke his leg, and it was his fault. On top of that, he made Cas feel bad.
Dean nods, his eyelids heavy. "Y-Yeah. I love you. So much."
Castiel grabs Dean's arms, leading him away from Death.
Cas closes his eyes, nodding. “Y-you can touch them.”
"Yeah. Leave us alone."
"Alright. You can check them, Cas."
Cas chuckles and nods. “Yeah.”
The next morning, Dean wakes up slowly, yawning quietly before rubbing his eyes.
Running his hands through his hair again, Dean carefully rinses out all the soap.
Cas was practically a mess of moans, ranging from Dean’s name to begging for Dean to fuck him harder. He couldn’t think of anything but Dean, every touch, every sound, every taste. All of it Dean.
“Removing your grace. I know you're an angel, and that last time you were human it- it didn’t end well…. But I want you to stay. This seems like the only option where we’re both alive. Both here. Both together.” Dean says, his face a light pink. “I need you with me, Cas. Do you trust me?”
Dean nods again, standing up carefully before walking out of the room. His footsteps could be heard down the hallways, stopping in his room before continuing down.
With a confident smile, Dean closes the vial with a cork, looking at the grace.
Cas turned even more red and nodded quickly.
"Cas-" Dean moans, tugging at the hair on the nape of his neck. "Baby don't s-stop."
Castiel’s grace intertwined its way into the blood on Dean’s jacket and into his veins.
Cas turns around, grabbing Dean’s face in both hands, and kisses him softly.
Cas blushed and nodded, leaning in to kiss him eagerly.
Cas gasped into the kiss when his back touched the cold tile, but quickly went back to kissing Dean like his life depended on it.
Enjoy:)
Cas nearly passed out from his orgasm, his legs giving out under him.
"I-." Castiel sighs softly, a smile on his lips.
"Nightmares. Big time. I can't fall asleep long enough."
Dean nods. "Yeah... I don't think I've done that since... High school." Dean chuckles softly.
Cas was out of it, lazily wrapping his wings around them and mumbling something.
"It was supposed to be," Sam grumbles, glaring at Dean.
Cas was screaming out a mix of Dean’s name and swear words when his orgasm ripped through him. His whole body tensed and his wings fluttering wildly as he nearly passed out from pleasure.
“I-I’ve loved you for so long,” Cas murmurs against his lips.
Sorry again.
Cas sat next to him on the bed.
Cas sighed and went to the library, figuring he’d pass his time researching.
Cas kisses his cheek. “Well we’re here now swimming for fun, nobody else to worry about.”
“Goodnight Dean.” Cas kissed his cheek.
“You’re not upset with me?”
After a few hours Cas started to feel Dean wake up. Dean wraps his arms around Cas, kissing his forehead. "Hey."
Dean comes back with his arms full of snacks and drinks, kicking the door open with his foot before walking in and closing it the same way.
“I need to check on your stitches.” Cas helped him sit up.
"I'd never tell you to leave. I'd rather go back to Hell." Dean replies.
Dean can’t stand around and let him do this. No. He can’t lose Castiel.
"I love you, but telling you I love you more than the stars would never be enough."
Cas smiled. “I love you more.”
“Okay,” Cas says, relaxing in Dean’s arms again.
"Yeah. I'll be fine." Dean nods, burying his head into Cas' neck.
Cas pulled back, thinking he’d hurt Dean. “I-I’m sorry, are you okay?”
Cas tried to hold back a loud moan, his wings arching into Dean’s touch.
“I guess I j-just... I worry that one day you’ll find someone funnier, better looking, o-or someone that you just overall are more attracted to...I know that I-I’m awkward and I don’t understand a lot of the human things you enjoy or find humorous...I just don’t want to lose you- I can’t l-lose you...”
They raise their mugs at each other as Dean sits up and trudges along up the stairs and to the guest room. He closes the door behind him with a sigh and flicks on the lights. It's dim but lit enough that he can see the worn paisley pattern on the quilt. He crosses the room in no hurry, sits down on the bed, and sets his coffee on the nightstand. He fidgets with his hands and scans the room, wishing that Cas might just appear so that he doesn't have to speak.
"Well, you know that my father wasn't the best guy on the planet, right? And was an even worse parent..." He trails off as memories of being left alone in a motel to care for his kid brother while still a child himself flit across his mind.
Dean wishes he had more alcohol to make his next words slip out a little easier. He looks at his feet, kicking the gravel beneath him, unable to look the angel in his eyes. He shoves his hands into the pockets of his jacket and takes a deep breath. "I think I-- no, I know I have feelings for a man."
"Kinda hot, too," Dean says, leaning over to kiss Cas' neck quickly, and entwining their bodies. They both smile in the embrace, holding on to each other and taking in the moment.
. As much as Dean is following his human, almost primitive instincts of chasing release, he's endlessly grateful for how slow and tender Cas is being with him.
"Than have me," he breathes.
Dean is almost shocked by Bobby's indifference. He finally removes his hand from his eyes but keeps his gaze on the ceiling, worried that looking at his caring father figure right now would be too much for him and he would start sobbing inconsolably.
"Give in, Dean, surrender to it."
Cas, on the other hand, has an abundance of words spilling from his mouth. He rambles on as Dean's brain loads at the speed of dial-up internet at a public library. "And it's okay if you don't feel the same way, but I just needed to take advantage of this moment because I would not be able to say it at any other time. I needed to put it out there, and the metaphorical ball is in your court now. I understand that humans may find this sort of thing 'awkward' so please do not feel pressured to appease me in any sort of fashion--"
Cas sighs, producing the demon blade from his coat pocket. "I take the knife, I go in, I cut off the ring hand of Famine, and I meet you back here in the parking lot." Cas looks over at a frazzled Dean Winchester.
"Listen, Cas, I uh," He looks into the angel's eyes. "I'm gonna keep pulling away if I have the chance. I need you to... Take that chance away from me." His voice is still low, but it's not strained with tears anymore.
"You."
Castiel approaches timidly and leans against the back door of the car, next to Dean. "What do you need help with, Dean? What's on your mind?" Cas asks, gently. He wants to touch Dean and comfort him, but he feels that now would not be a good time.
Dean almost protests, almost swats Cas's hand away, but the angel wasn't asking, and his grip is strong on Dean's chin as he uses his grace to drain the alcohol from Dean's blood. Dean stands upright again with a groan. Cas's expression is still painted with concern. This time he does swat Cas's hand away.
All sorts of endorphins flood Dean's mind, and he's far too turned on to be worried about his Father. To hell with anything someone might think, he wants this. He wants a man's body against his. He wants to hold a man. He wants to kiss a man. He wants to care for a man. He wants
Cas gives him a look. "Well slowly but surely everyone in this town is falling prey to famine, but so far you seem unaffected."
Famine speaks, his voice soft and almost inaudible. Old. "The other Mr. Winchester."
Cas, noticing that Dean is almost finished with the bottle, tries to offer some sort of reassurance. "That's not him in there. Not really," he says. He'd heard something similar in a television show the boys had had on in a motel once. It seemed like a comforting thing humans would say to each other in a time like this.
Dean, seething, responds, "Oh, you're so full of crap."
"Oh, you can smirk and joke and lie to your brother, lie to yourself, but not to me! I can see inside you, Dean. I can see how broken you are, how defeated. You can't convince yourself one way or the other, and you know it. But you just keep internalizing. Just... keep going through the motions you think you're supposed to. You think you're not hungry, Dean, because every day, you're already denying yourself."
"Oh," Dean starts, but the entire English language seems to have fallen out of his ears at this moment as he searches for something to say but comes up empty.
"Cas..." Dean starts, not knowing what else to say, he steps forward but then--
Dean closes his eyes for a moment, almost as if he could will away the screaming he hears and the pain he feels. "I know."
"Yeah? And what the hell is that supposed to mean?" Dean asks, feeling very exposed at the moment. He turns for another look at Castiel, who is damn near finished with the pan of raw mean that was set out to distract him. There's the urge again.
Cas lets a wandering hand travel down Dean's stomach and to the waistband of Dean's underwear. He breaks away from the kiss and pushes the fabric down enough so that Dean's dick is exposed for him. Cas searches Dean's face for any sign of hesitation but doesn't find any, so he proceeds. He wraps his hand around Dean's dick and strokes him slowly but deliberately. He watches as Dean's eyes pinch shut, his mouth hangs open, and a beautiful blush spreads across his cheeks and neck.
Cas smirks at the eager response. He undoes Dean's pants with minimal difficulty and pulls them down and off of Dean's legs before taking off his own. Dean's brain all but short circuits when Cas pulls his belt through its loops and lets the leather rest on the bed next to them.
"Oh?" Dean's head is radio static, ears tuned in to whatever Cas is about to say.
Dean comes first, moaning lowly, and arching his back off of the bed. He mutters a string of curse words as Cas pulls him through his orgasm while barreling towards his own.
He grunts and pulls away again, this time not retching, so progress? He shakes his head, willing it away like an etch-a-sketch, and reminds himself of Bobby's wisdom.
Dean remains silent, breathing heavily. With a nod and a motion from Famine, the demon minions suddenly let go of him. "John is dead, Dean. He can't reprimand you," Famine says as Dean turns around fully to look at Cas, all disheveled and scraping at the empty pan for any last morsel. The urge pulsates within him, making him want to move forward, grab Cas and pull him away, push words he's never said out loud from his throat...
Bobby is quiet, choosing his next words carefully. "Son--"
They take a moment to catch their breath, looking at the damage surrounding them. When their eyes meet again, Dean notices that the physical manifestation of his longing has resolved to nothing more than heartache, but the mental and emotional longing still lingers there in his mind.
The angel gives in to his very physical needs and allows himself to release and come with an utterance of Dean's name.
They stay like that for quite some time, torsos pressed together with Cas on top of Dean. It doesn't take either of them long to adjust to the new sensations and give in to bodily wants. Soon enough, Cas is back on Dean's neck, sucking possessive marks into his skin and making Dean cry out the angel's name. Dean grasps at whatever he can reach on Cas; shoulders, neck, hair, waist.
"Well," Cas breathes, "If it is of any consolation, I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation." He offers a kind smile.
"Cas, did you hear any of what Famine said to me while we were in that restaurant?" Dean's voice is pinched as if he could sob and fall apart at any moment.
Dean smirks and manages to speak around the gripping tight strain in his neck, "Well, I like to think it's because of my strength of character." He smirks to keep his internal feelings internal and maintain a composed exterior.
The ride is rather silent on Dean's end, but Cas wouldn't notice anyway, not while he's elbow deep in his greasy bag of cholesterol.
Cas matches his tone. "Yeah."
to hear me." Deep breath. "But, well, I talked to Bobby and he knocked some sense into me. So, Cas, if you want, I'm still here at Bobby's. You can come back..." A beat of silence. "Please come back."
Dean parks the Impala at a considerable distance from the Biggerson's that the SUV pulled up to. He sizes up the crew as they enter the establishment. "Demons." He turns to Cas with that unidentified urge making its presence known in Dean's gut again. "You want to go over the plan again?" Cas is silent, staring sullenly at the now empty bag of burgers. Dean calls out to him, sharply, "Hey, happy meal. The plan?"
Dean cuts him off, not bearing to look at the angel. "Listen, I just, uh..." He wants to bring up what happened earlier, but it's too heavy on his tongue. "I just need to get some air." Everything is suddenly all too much for him and he needs to be outside in an open space. Dean leaves, but Castiel knows better than to leave him alone in a moment like this. He gives him a couple of seconds head start before following him.
John's voice screams at him in his head, rattling off an onslaught of slurs that make Dean's stomach lurch. He pulls away abruptly and turns, bending over at the waist and clutching his stomach. He feels the bitter taste of bile creep up the back of his throat and he gags.
"That's a wordy way of saying you're a romantic, Cas." Dean's hopes skyrocket as well. He kicks the gravel again, accidentally getting a few stones on top of Castiel's shoe. "So, Can
Now is Dean's turn to shrug. "Hey if I want a drink, I drink. When I want sex, I go get it. The same goes for a sandwich or a fight, so..."
Inside, Dean comes across Cas knelt on the floor over a pan of raw ground beef, jamming as much as he can into his mouth. Dean calls for him, lunging towards him, but two demons overpower him and hold him to face a decrepit old man in a wheelchair that Dean assumes is none other than Famine.
Cas shrugs. "I lost count, it's somewhere in the low hundreds."
Cas arches into Dean's touch. It's almost overwhelming for him. It's incredibly human, what he's feeling, and that would scare him if he weren't already too focused on the sensations filling his vessel's body. He tunes out of the frequencies of Enochian that drift through his mind and instead hangs on to the sighs and sounds that Dean makes. Chills run down his spine when Dean's fingers pass over his nipples and up to his face, pulling them both together for another kiss.
Cas, starting to catch on, says, "And something that he said, that's influencing your thought process, is troubling you. Preventing you from living your life the way you want." Dean nods and looks at Cas. His head is tilted with concern and intrigue. "What is it, Dean? You can tell me anything."
Luckily for Dean, Cas breaks the moment with a point and a "There." Dean looks to the entrance again to see a demon with a black suitcase exiting the doors and getting into a black SUV. Dean shifts the Impala into drive as the SUV starts to roll and they begin a loose follow of the other vehicle.
"Y'know I'd like to beat John for some of the things he did to you boys growing up. Most of the things actually."
"I disagree." Famine moves closer to Dean and he finally gets a good look at the old man's disgusting mouth carved out of his face in a crooked smile. It makes him recoil slightly, but the demons securing his arms don't let him get far.
There's a deafening moment of silence between them as Castiel's heart rate skyrockets with his hopes, and as Dean practically holds his breath awaiting a response.
"You sicced your dog on me. I just threw him a steak."
"I know that, idjit." Bobby pauses, and Dean risks a look at him. Concerned. Just as he'd expected. Dean groans and covers his eyes again.
Dean nods and takes a shaky breath.
Dean doesn't stop walking until he's reached Baby. He downs the last drop of whiskey and discards the bottle on the ground. Tears rim his eyes as he leans against the driver's door of the car, peering up at the night sky and pleading with whatever may be out there... "Please... I can't... I need some help. Please?" He lowers his head and cries.
"Then you go upstairs to the guest room and you pray to your angel and you apologize to him. And if your daddy's voice comes ringing around your head, you just remember that he's dead and all he ever gave you was grief and bruises." Bobby's words hit home for Dean.
"No," Dean starts, "No he took it great. Said he likes me too."
"I'd like to see that again sometime," Cas says in the same nonchalant voice.
"Dean, look at me, will you?" Bobby asks, and Dean does, eyes still flooding with tears. "I don't care who you get your rocks off with, as long as you can still swing a machete and shoot a twelve-gauge. Can you still do both of those?"
"I'm aware," Castiel growls, definitely not fond of John either.
"Fuck," Dean moans as Cas kisses up his neck and jaw.
"Can I--" Cas starts to ask, but Dean cuts him off.
"These make me... very happy," Cas says with a mouthful.
A familiar gust of wind and flap of feathers echos softly through the room. Dean gasps and looks up at the angel before him. "Cas..." He jumps up from his place on the bed and lunges forward against him. The two embrace as if they'd been apart for months as opposed to the short time they were. "I'm sorry," Dean mumbles over and over into Cas's shoulder. "I'm sorry, Cas, I shouldn't have been so cruel."
Cas nods, holding on to the eye contact that Dean is offering at the moment. "I did, I heard it, but at the moment I couldn't process it. I still don't fully understand what he was referring to, though. What longing was he talking about? And John, why mention your father?"
, he thinks.
Sam bursts through the door of the Biggerson's. His chin is dripping with blood, and his hands are covered as well. "Hey, we gotta go. I emptied two demons. Our stuff is in the car I jacked from them. Get me to Bobby's, now."
Castiel continues, undeterred by Dean's condescending whistle. "What I don't understand is... What's your hunger, Dean?"
Dean almost does. He steps forward and leans down beside the angel. He wants to reach out and touch Cas' hair, but instead, he grabs the demon blade that Cas had disregarded on the floor, and in one fluid movement he stands, turns, and stabs the closest demon in the chest. The scream and the pulsing orange glow are enough to drag Cas from whatever trance he's in and he stands and produces his angel blade from his sleeve, stabbing another demon in their chest as well.
