“I believed in you,” he whispers. And it’s not a reprimand. He’s not blaming Sherlock for three years of inexplicable bereavement, for living day in and day out with the burden of another human being tattooed on the backs of his eyelids, tormenting him in the dead of the night. No, it’s an endorsement. John believed in him. Believed he wasn’t the fake he said he was. Wasn’t dead, maybe.
John hasn’t always been there, but he’s always
"John..." Sherlock forces himself to inhale. Exhale. This is the not-good kind of drowning. The kind where breathing isn't boring because it hurts so bad his feet are numb in his Leeds. Sherlock shifts his weight. Like he's lost his footing. Like he's hurtling into space standing stock still, opening and closing his mouth and then clenching his teeth because he will not permit himself to gape like an idiot. Only he is an idiot. An idiot for making John worry needlessly. For making John look at him the way he's looking at him now. Like the stars are falling from the sky.
John sighs. He had no idea Mummy’s birthday bash would be less ‘party’ and more ‘political’ in nature. Not that the woman herself isn’t a pleasure. Beautifully attentive of Sherlock’s needs, her smiles kind and doting. Wiping the corner of his mouth and straightening his bowtie. John does not question her love for Sherlock. He also no longer questions from which parent Mycroft received his preemptive-multitasking personality. Mummy is a schemer. More than one ulterior motive brewing beneath the façade of what had turned out to be a ball of the highest order rather than the ‘small gathering of friends’ she promised Sherlock over the phone a month ago.
John draws the button into his mouth. Tongues it free.
John blinks. “Seriously?”
John asks Sherlock about his décor of choice. Sherlock responds with, “There’s a saying
Sherlock has studied love for the purpose of navigating its convoluted justifications and breakable vows of monogamy. The masses fall in and out of it, trying on new partners like trying on new outfits to wear. What he has with John isn’t love. It’s
“I’m a younger brother, too,” John reminds him. “Be my guest.”
“Damn.”
They’re okay.
Sherlock bristles. Fury threatens to overrule the nonchallant expression on his face, dictate his hands, but he’s already tapping the tabletop agitatedly. His dander is rising to critical levels. He has to speak. Unleash, lest the hateful words wither and die in his chest and he’ll have to dig them out of his throat later, petrified insults sticking to his esophagus and a seven percent solution will ease his suffering, but he can’t. He can’t do that anymore. Sherlock opens his mouth, the muscles in his shoulders ape the ebb and flow of his movements when he plays the violin. A sting of deductions, rapid-fire and unforgiving. One after another. Like music. Legato. He doesn’t take a breath: “You’ve been engaged to marry twice before. You broke it off. Both times, if I’m not mistaken. The first unlucky bastard you seduced and dumped was a menial laborer, probably construction, and his job embarrassed you, yes, because you deserve better. Isn’t that what your mother always told you? That you deserve better? Shame she didn’t take her own advice. Father a sot, died of liver cancer three—no—four years ago. Irrelevant. You were in love with your second fiancé, but he cheated on you. Most men do. And your pride. Wounded because look at you. Nice figure, smart, sexy. All those praises your girlfriends have erroneously bestowed on you over the years. So now you’ve fixed your sights on John. A good man with a good job and relatively handsome by your standards, but he isn’t good enough, is he? He lives with a flatmate—an attractive flatmate, you think—and he’s at my beck and call. I am not the jealous one, Ms. Magdalene. You are.”
“What’s it say?”
“Sherlock?”
John wouldn’t if he didn’t suspect it was an important call. Lestrade’s personal ring tone. He reaches inside Sherlock’s pocket and Sherlock, likewise, wriggles his fingers into John’s. “Lestrade,” John answers dazedly. Watches Sherlock scrutinize the piece of jewelry…and then slip it on.
John is fuming. “Safeword? Do you know the meaning of subtlety?”
“And the beeswax is for…?”
“Something,” she answers stiffly before she saunters out of their lives.
The tips of John’s fingers curl, cupping Sherlock tenderly. His baritone “
“I looked everywhere for you,” John rasps.
“If you’re not going to help, you don’t get to criticize my methods.”
“Ever heard of Stockholm syndrome?”
Sherlock wakes John in the middle of the night. He’s working. Still wearing his trousers and his button down. Bleary-eyed, but alert for trouble, John rolls over on his back to ask, “Whas’it?”
Sherlock occasionally disguises himself should his Belstaff coat draw (more) attention to his otherworldly grandeur. John was too distracted by Sherlock wearing jeans and trainers to even consider what Sherlock had in store for him.
Wait.
at a karaoke bar in Piccadilly so Sherlock could steal a set of keys from under the bartender’s nose. Or maybe it was when John admonished Anderson in the middle of a crime scene for calling Sherlock a freak one time too many. Or maybe it was when John purchased a bottle of wine for Sherlock for Christmas:
Polite applause. Angelo is bashful as hell.
“What about Sarah?”
Sherlock takes the pointer finger of his right hand. Sticks it in his mouth and sucks. Sucks and sucks and he’s staring directly into John’s eyes, his pupils blown.
He weaves through a gaggle of schoolgirls to jump queue in front of a young couple. “My apologies.” Like he’s stepped on a cockroach. Though, a cockroach would merit a modicum of Sherlock’s attention out of sheer curiosity, but teenagers are exceptionally low on Sherlock’s list of
“Did Angelo spike your wine?”
Sherlock’s glare eviscerates. And, oh. It was. It was his A game. John studiously counts the number of Londoners they pass wearing deerstalkers. Sherlock mumbles something incomprehensibly about a learning curve, and he never mumbles incomprehensibly. Red flag number two.
. “Who are you?”
Sherlock watches John use his 10-in-1 as a hammer. His face “goes all soft”, according to John, and a surge of affection catches him unawares. “John,” he starts. “Would you stay if I—“ Tries again, reduced to stammering by the raw honesty in John’s eyes. “What if I couldn’t—“ Frustrated, knuckles turning white, grip intensifying. “If I couldn’t give you what you need. What you want. Would you stay?”
“Fine,” Sherlock says bitterly. “I had a fondness.” Hesitates. “For Jeremy Brett, alright?”
ogle him on the street, male and female alike. (Age makes not a bit of difference.) Whatever power Sherlock holds over the general populace—and every facet of his flatmate’s life to boot—John is as close to impervious as they come.
John hates his alias. John hates Sherlock’s alias. John hates Sherlock. “A minute,” he hedges. Drops his pants. But forget nudity. He doesn’t care if Sherlock is praising his expertise as a model. A real tour de force. Really Sherlock, damn it? John dated a professional model once. Sexy as hell, he thought at the time. Not the nakedness, per se. (
“For half a day. You didn’t notice. Obviously.”
“You’re the exception, are you?”
It’s boring.
“Yeees.” Sherlock draws out the vowel like John is irreversibly stupid. “But Bird is over
But they don’t exchange presents. Not for Christmas, not birthdays. It’s their one and only rule because reciprocity was never Sherlock’s strong suit. (How was he to know John wouldn’t enjoy a nice cow liver with which to perform experiments? It’s what he would have wanted.)
Sherlock sighs in relief. “Thank God.” He hops to his feet readily. “Come on, John. We have work to do.” And off he goes.
“Yes.” Okay.
“Empathy?” John offers.
That’s it. No. No more. Sherlock’s petty tantrum will not get a rise out of him.
hop/leap for joy. Only, instead of blood and bullets, it’s ketchup and carbohydrates. John licks his fingers, practically wiggling where he sits on the bench, and it’s probably one of the…cutest…things Sherlock has ever seen.
was applied to all blue pigments. Mixtures of copper and cobaltous oxides, early attempts to create the ever elusive sky-blue. Rayleigh scattering, molecules of oxygen and nitrogen and white light. When the pigment cerulean was first invented, it superseded its predecessors most efficiently.
“Subtle how?” He’s getting pissed at John cavalier attitude.
“Those ‘blokes’ didn’t look like ‘those blokes’, John.” Clip. “Kiss N’Tell has a database of Kissers on their website. Complete with egregious profiles and highly edited photographs. The Kiss N’Tell upper management has assured me that my picture fits the description of the previous victims.”
Sherlock’s mind has always fascinated John, but there are times his mind terrifies the shit out of him. Like when John walked in on Sherlock navigating the rooms of his mind palace, for instance. Sherlock was unresponsive to any and every stimuli. Food (
“Mycroft,” Sherlock hisses.
And they do. John makes Sherlock watch YouTube videos of questionable content. Also: Bond.
John does not heed his warning. He steps closer.
John is slowly destroying him, piece by piece.
Sherlock pushes him away, but weakly. John holds his ground. Patience and devotion making Sherlock itch in a way altogether memorable. Doesn’t feel the need, the aggravating
Sherlock moves on.
--commits, hard and fast and a bit dirty. It’s perfect. Absolutely perfect. Sherlock trembles with it, from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. He wants.
Mary winks at him.
However. John appears warm and inviting, despite the way he's picking at his crotch. They really should have rinsed off first. Or toweled off. Or just stayed naked. Naked is good.
, is the first thought that crosses John’s mind. The feel of (
“Sherlock…” Mycroft begins. The ellipsis hovers between them. Like bullet holes in limbo. “Put him back.”
John opens and closes his mouth several times. “Why? Is that relevant?”
he thinks as he falls to his knees.
“Tights.”
. John bites the bullet today of all days. While Sherlock gets his way ninety-nine percent of the time, twenty-four/seven and three-sixty-five, he’s earned a compliant bedfellow, John thinks.
“You’re hurting me.”
“Yeah!” John snaps. Not acting anymore. “And I found that I love you, so there!”
It wasn’t long before he was cross-stitching himself. There was something hypnotic about it. Something soothing about the tug and the pull and the scratching sound of thread and fabric. He did not cross-stitch often and he never completed a template in his life, but the satisfaction of binding one something to another something never dissipated. When he decided he wanted to be a doctor, then an army surgeon, the same sense of fulfillment kept his hands steady as he sewed his friends back together.
I love you is being struck by lightning.
Which don’t make a lick of sense. Integral to aesthetics as a field of study, apparently. Stupid television programme he can’t name. Stupid Sherlock and his creative headphones. John can be spontaneous, too. He can be intuitive. He can be in touch with his inner interior designer.
Sherlock dips his chin. Touches his forehead to John’s, creating a pocket of air. Water drizzling over their shoulders. “Mm,” he murmurs, which is all he’s been capable of for the past twenty minutes because John is finally his, his, his and he’s been busy insinuating a certain term into his extensive vocabulary, among the words he may now use to describe John Watson. Doctor, soldier, friend, lover,
John composes. (So far, so good.)
. Significant, a cerebral space-vampire on his hard drive, but
“Distracting” Sherlock says, his voice syrupy in John’s ear. “I can’t stop thinking. The victim could have been you.”
Sherlock smiles a crooked smile. “Very good, John. Nothing escapes your keen sense of observation.”
for Christ’s sake!
John nudges his Leeds under the coffee table. “You were going to run something by me?”
John is slowly destroying him, piece by piece. Sherlock wants to destroy, too.
Sherlock wanted nothing to do with
He uses it to seal barcodes inside John's socks.
“Something,” she answers stiffly before sauntering out of the restaurant.
Sherlock sniffs. “Because it looks good that way.”
Does John feel love? Or
John snorts. “Are you? That’s a first.”
Mouths against John’s chin, “Why are you doing this?”
“Skydiving, John? Please. You have a fear of heights.”
“Mmm.”
They’ve disturbed their work.
.) is a client or a friend.
But no. It’s John. Or the memory of John.
John reels. Turns a nasty shade of puce. “Anniversary?”
Sherlock touches the top of John’s head.
John disposes of “a splinter the size of a flat” (according to Sherlock). “You can last two weeks. You survived three years, remember.”
you, I said,
They bin everything but the cadaver, to which Sherlock delegates the sombrero.
Sherlock huffs. Rounds on John, stepping off the bottom of the stairs to invade his space.
“Spent the whole appetizer calling your methods into question. Plus, she hates the way I dress.” John is wearing a suitable dinner jacket, an unassuming dress shirt, and a lilac ascot. It’s the most daring accessory John owns. “But she’s a damn good editor.”
sounds pretty catchy to me.”
Sherlock bites down on the end of John's nose, but not hard. Licks his septum, up the bridge. Kisses John's eyebrow. Navigates his orbital bone with his mouth. Breathing on John's eye before drawing his lips to close around his eyelashes. Allows John to blink his eyelid free. Gasping silently. A non-verbal, mutual agreement and Sherlock's hands are in John's hair. Samples John's tragus. Opens wide like he's going to swallow John's ear. Changes his mind. Whispers instead, "I'll eat you whole."
He misses him.
John opens his somewhat-bleary eyes. The sound of Sherlock’s voice ebbing and flowing, blurred edges and sharp vowels flushing down his ears. Sherlock touches John’s chest. His skin is warm. Dry and tight. John inhales deeply through his nose. The smell of algae and sun-baked flesh. “Hm?” Stretches. Back arching, elbows locked. “’S’it time to go?” Fingers intertwine over his head.
don’t want to have to live through your death a second time. I think you owe me one, don’t you?”
Sherlock doesn’t do anything to warrant a hug from John. Effervescent concoctions brewing, Bunsen burners hissing. Sherlock pushes his safety goggles up against his sweaty forehead. His hair is sticking out every which way and he’s just…perfect. A royal pain in the arse, but John’s pain in the arse. Mycroft was right when he imagined Sherlock was hellish to live with. It’s worse without him, though. Worse than hell.
John’s hangover rivets his eyeballs from the inside out. His head throbs with the beating of his heart. It’s been a long time since...well. Bedding a woman he barely knows, while not as rare as him drunk off his arse, is something of a throwback to his pre-Afghanistan days.
Sherlock breathes in and he breathes out. “Lestrade is going to phone me about a case within the hour.”
Dragging Sherlock to the theatre is like pulling teeth. Funny, that. Considering John covered for Sherlock while he nicked molars from a number of dead bodies at Bart’s while Molly was on coffee break. (Not her coffee break, technically. Sherlock’s coffee break, per his request. But that’s neither here nor there.) John made him a deal; if he must be party to Sherlock’s burglary, Sherlock has to accompany him to see
“Going to help me decorate this year?” John asks.
“You know why I’m here.”
“Twilight?” John hisses between his teeth. “No. We’re here to see
“He sends his regards,” Sherlock grumbles.
“Three of which you spent traveling the world so you could
The power to end or spare a life, Sherlock muses, could not rest upon a nobler pair of shoulders.
Sherlock’s new favorite way to annoy Mycroft is explicit in nature.
Sherlock turns over on his back. Lays his head in John's lap, legs dangling off the end of the exorbitant settee. John cards his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
The buttons strain, so close to popping. So very close. And with a gust of breath, a heave of his chest, one button is undone. Sherlock lets out a mewl of relief, eyes hooded. Another gasp of breath as the second button goes. Another undulation, and another, punctuated by breathy little
He pinches the bridge of his nose. Strikes through the nuggets and truffles, breaking his mental pen. Might as well tip the illusory jar of ink while he’s at it. Black as pitch. Sherlock dismembers
Sherlock snarls, “You idiot! You fucking imbecile! The next time I say run, you run!” What he means is,
He scans the crowd until he sees a familiar face. Grits his teeth before he shoulders his way through the throng of twenty-somethings. He seriously considers whacking them with his cane like a fucking old man.
Sherlock should have known archetypal platitudes would mean little to the man who is all but destroying him.
“Cerulean,” Sherlock hums on John’s forehead.
John kisses him. Once. Twice. Three times, drawing delightful little buzzes of pleasure hot and fresh from Sherlock’s repertoire of subvocal compliments only John will ever hear. Deepens the kiss, pulling gently at Sherlock’s hair until he complies, angling his face right—
“Because you’re perfect and I want you.” Sherlock offers John his hand to hold.
Sherlock’s fascination with art is not a pursuit in aesthetics, as some would believe. A matter of forgery and theft.
“Victor was my first case, John,” Sherlock explains after he catches his breath. “Well, his father was my first case. Official case. No one took me seriously before. Carl Powers, you remember?”
John sets a pinstriped, godfather hat on Sherlock’s head. “You should wear hats more often.”
“I can see why he wanted to kill her,” Sherlock mutters. “She has a mean right hook. Best. Date. Ever.”
John blinks at the screen. At Sherlock. At the screen again.
“Shocker.” John smears a glob of petroleum jelly across Sherlock’s forehead.
But he remembers John’s favorite color is green.
Sherlock frowns. “When?”
Bastard.
Sherlock waits for John to get a hold of himself. “I thought you were in distress.”
John returns not a moment too soon. “Behaving yourself?” he asks Sherlock.
John sits heavily on the small of Sherlock’s back. Sherlock makes a strangled noise in the pit of his throat. He chokes out a, “Gently!”
It’s been five minutes. John hasn’t moved. Sherlock is getting bored.
Sherlock sits on his bed. Steeples his fingers in his marked prayer-position.
Sherlock deposits his glass on a passing tray without looking. Doesn’t need to, really. He’s consciously aware of everyone in the room, regardless of their position on his Relevance Scale because
Sherlock hogs the covers.
“Not you!” John scrambles out of bed—
“Why? What do you see?”
John pauses the DVD. “I invited you to watch
nearly propels John into the metaphorical stratosphere of amusement. “In fact, you’ve done worse.”
Sherlock glares.
It's a petty threat.
It reminds John of Sherlock.
Sherlock curses under his breath. “Fine. I didn’t make it, okay? Angelo was kind enough—“
“There,” Sherlock breathes. “You’re mine.”
John thinks sourly.
“His sperm is probably sparkly.”
“He’s not for you. Not my fault you’re not gay.”
“Ever heard of Stockholm syndrome?”
“You’re not in love with her,” Sherlock says. Sips his wine.
John shucks his blanket in the foyer. Steps outside. The humidity of July is unprecedented. He all but wades the half-mile trek over the hill. He knocks twice before Sherlock draws the curtains to verify that,
(See the end of the chapter for
Gobsmacked? Yes. That’s what he is. Gobsmacked. Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond. John is a friend. He enjoys going out with John. Having fun with John is never boring. So why can’t he draw the necessary oxygen into his lungs in order to answer
Sherlock grinds the heels of his palms against his eyes. He bows his head, allowing the torrent of water to beat against the back of his skull. He’s spent an inordinate amount of time trying to delete certain words. Lies, same difference. Lies like candy stuck in Mycroft’s teeth.
John huffs. Weighing his morals and his devotion to Sherlock. Stands guard amidst his internal struggle because Sherlock trumps. “What’s our new
. First only because sexual compatibility seems to be ‘the basis of a stable relationship’, if Sherlock is to believe the internet. (Dull. And the other setbacks can go rot.) Sherlock doesn’t give a flying fuck about sexual orientation or gender identification unless it’s
“Shh.” John cradles Sherlock’s head. Squeezes him tighter when he trembles violently against John’s body.
. More like
“You researched how to engage in homosexual relations while I was sitting right next to you.”
John has noticed. “Well. It’s sort of a family friendly film. I think.”
John pretends not to notice.
“Straw
John sets the kettle to boil and tries not to laugh.
Sherlock does and doesn’t understand the compulsion to avoid a solitary life. He would say he empathizes, but empathy and he haven’t gotten on since Uni and damn it all to hell if he feels the need to try and rationalize the reasoning behind: “It’s not you, it’s me.”
But Sherlock isn’t pulling. Pushing. Leading him into danger.
Arse.
The sound of breaking glass and a woman’s cry yank John out of his lust-fueled trance. He stumbles out of his chair and into the pub where Sherlock is garroting a man twice his size with his gauzy shirt of sex.
Their bodies hum in tune.
“Uh. S’up,” John says nasally. “Brah, I totally wrecked my dad’s Viper las’ night. I was so wasted, brah.”
“Then lie to me.”
“Mmm. You said amazing already.”
“I have’s’ta tell you a se’cwet,” she whispers.
John wiggles his feet inside a pair of trainers, heel-counters to insoles, dismissing the laces altogether. His throat hurts. His body is wracked with chills. Overcomes the urge to hurl as he recalls Sherlock’s declaration:
“Mine,” John replies.
“Is this the part where I invite you upstairs for coffee we have no intention of drinking?” Sherlock invades John’s personal space and John closes his eyes, titillating Sherlock with his blind trust. Breath mingling in the night. Streetlights and headlights like mandorlas in the accumulating fog, twinkling in Sherlock’s periphery.
Sherlock drops the couch and claps his hands over his crotch because
.) He’s lazy.
“Obviously.” Kisses down his throat. “What are you trying to solve, then?”
Late. Again. But The Hobbit! Also: I majored in Graphic Design. I had to do this.
“Mmm, could say it again.”
John can’t decide if lapis lazuli is case-related or something Sherlock thinks Lestrade would phone them about at half three in the morning, off the record.
s or the
“Finally some variety,” Sherlock sneers.
Arse of himself?
Over John’s lips. “Easier to clean than sodium bicarbonate.”
Sherlock comes home to find John on his hands and knees. “C’mere you little bugger.” Reaches as far as he can under the couch.
John slides inside the black Sedan that’s been tailing him for the last three blocks. He’s prepared to undergo a rigorous Q and A and he wouldn’t be all that surprised if “Anthea” has been commissioned to obtain a sample of his urine, his blood, his hair follicles…
Although, his shoulder is killing him, it's hot as hell, and Catherine’s mattress is utter shit.
“Me, you,” John clarifies. “Date. Saturday. Dinner and a movie.”
There’s an eighty-five percent chance that what John really means is,
John blinks. Looks hard at Sherlock’s finished piece. For some reason, John thought he would have fixated on his shoulder just like the others. Drawn to the puckered, pink flesh. A roadmap of pain. What John doesn’t expect to see is a detailed painting of the bullet fired, the rifle used, velocity and trajectory and weather conditions and calculations revolving around John’s survival rate and statistical PTSD and John, John, John.
Sherlock forgets about the receipts and the apparently not-so-subtle play for John’s affections. “Case related,” he lobs.
“It’s superficial.”
"John," Sherlock groans, his voice riddled with despondency and bone-crushing tedium only teenagers, Mycroft, or caseless weeks engender. Shuffles up behind John. Thinks about it. Thinks about it some more. Thinks about it so hard his face is already buried in John's hair before he realizes he wants to.
Sherlock bristles. Not exactly what he thought John would say.
“Here’s looking at you, kid,” Sherlock drums up.
“Ready?”
“Do you seriously think someone is going to check our pockets, precious?”
“Honest?”
John shuts off the water and pulls Sherlock out of the shower. Sherlock considers going boneless just to irritate him, but he’s naked and wet and quite cold, actually. (So perhaps another time.) John forces him to sit on the toilet. Produces a towel to protect Sherlock’s modesty. Produces another to dry his hair. John resolutely scrubs Sherlock’s scalp and it shouldn’t feel this good. But it does. Easier to forget all the words worth forgetting. Sherlock leans into his touch.
As it turns out, Sherlock is researching phone sex.
“That’s a sombrero. Why a sombrero?”
John drops his arm. Pages rustling. “It’s the same.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It makes John’s skin ache, he’s so stunning.
Sherlock is wearing his safety goggles. John stands aside on the off chance the giant lump of molten bread and cheese combusts because he can hear it hissing and popping unnaturally and he’s taking no chances. It might worry John that Sherlock isn’t too perturbed. It might worry him that Sherlock looks more intrigued than apologetic. (
?” John frowns at the oils stains on the rug.
John does not sleep in Sherlock’s bed. He’s genuinely afraid Sherlock is experimenting with bedbugs despite his flatmate’s assurances to the contrary. So his own bed it is. And John doesn’t mind the separate bedrooms thing. He’s a light sleeper. Finds it difficult to relax if his partner snores or tosses and turns or talks in their sleep. Sherlock does all three. As annoying as he is on a cognizant stage, he’s doubly irksome sleep-deducing that John has an irrational fear of facial hair at 3:00AM.
He knows he will. So does Mycroft.
A cry. Followed thereafter by, “OH, BOYS!” Mrs. Hudson’s voice hoarse with emotion.
“Phone sex not going well?” John asks.
John starts. Turns to find himself face-to-face with a teenager. Airs and graces like a second skin, conducting his every step, poetry in motion. His hair is styled within an inch of its life, combed over a domed brow John associates with a scholar of the highest caliber. Even in the dark of the night, John can tell he and Sherlock are family. They both exude a grandiose bearing that’s almost palpable in nature.
The worst of the season is over. Thank God. Updates will continue to be sporadic throughout the month of May, but I won't be going weeks without posting again. =)
“In a sense.” Sherlock deposits Victor’s glass in the sink. “Victor is an opportunist. He’s friends with everyone.”
In conjunction with the imminent
John ponders.
Sherlock is sitting on the loo, clipping his toenails. “The president hired me yesterday. We discussed this.”
Sherlock wraps his coat tightly around his midsection and props his knees against the vacant seat in front of him.
Sherlock glares at him. Sees that John is blushing. He offers John his hand. “They aren’t jam, but they look like jam.”
to work on his similies.) Sherlock constantly moans and groans about his hard drive. Finite space for an infinite subject matter. He can’t just
Sherlock states he’s dying of boredom twice before the previews roll.
“If I lift the—“
Sherlock whispers in his ear. Somewhat gruesome and theatrical and ridiculous, Sherlock’s labored breath painting a macabre picture of bridges and guns and John writhes when Sherlock emphasizes an
John can’t decide if cerulean is case-related or something Sherlock thinks Lestrade would phone them about at half three in the morning off the record.
John kisses Sherlock. Swiftly. Once. Swallowing Sherlock’s surprise and
"Oh."
“Clever accessory, gloves. You can put them on and take them off.”
Sherlock undulates beneath him. Long legs stretching, toes catching the sheet and the covers slide off of John’s shoulders. Sherlock basks in the praise like a cat basks in the sun. “Yes,” he sighs. Acknowledging his own genius as well as inviting John to
Sherlock sticks his hands under John’s armpits. Curls his toes behind John’s ‘knee pits’, as Sherlock calls them even though John has told him the term is Popliteal Fossa. This is the part where John normally kicks Sherlock off. Forces him to return to his side of the bed because
John raises his eyebrows. “Kinky of you.”
John hates to tell him, “I don’ know.” Because if questions are a sign of affection, John’s answers need to deliver. Clears his throat. Heart skipping one beat. Two. “I’ll find out.”
John exhales into the space between them, the unspoken truth heavy and strained, but hopeful. “With?” Because he’s honestly not sure if Sherlock means Consulting or Something Else.
They’ve tucked themselves beneath the feather duvet and silken sheets. The bed smells of bath salts and sweat. Salty and sweet. It’s dark. And warm. And them. Everywhere. Everysmell. Everysight. Sherlock licks John’s shoulder. Everytaste.
In hindsight, a digital camera set for continuous shooting and a lack of preparation aside from rearranging the living room furniture was not John’s brightest idea. Although, the resulting pictures of Sherlock and John shuffling, glaring, and arguing about whether or not Sherlock should smile produced some ugly, ugly gems for just such an occasion.
“You can last a few days. You survived three years, remember.”
John’s Sherlock-effused universe collapses on itself, a black hole of emotion sublimating an impression of infinity. It’s just the two of them. One anchoring the other anchoring the other, tethered to a single moment in time.
John starts. Wracks his brain. (
. John’s heart is made of sterner stuff, but it goos just a little bit. “Yes,” is his answer, a touch breathless. And it dawns on him. He’s agreeing to more than experimenting with a galvanized pizza for shits and giggles. He’s agreeing to everything, to all of it. He’s accepting Sherlock’s proposal a week after the fact.
Sherlock wants to destroy him back.
It isn’t accurate to say a part of Sherlock is lost without John at his side. No. Sherlock is a whole person. But it feels as if his biology is no longer functioning at optimum efficiency. John enables him. Doesn’t necessarily make him better than he already is—because he’s natraully incredible—but John makes Sherlock regard himself in a new light. Like he’s worth it.
“I know,” John murmurs.
My hard drive crashed. I've lost a good deal of my documents, including Greater Far. Which means my list of words is inaccessible. I won't have access to my new computer until the end of this week--and I'll do my best to post between now and then--but I may be MIA for a few days. It will take me time to unearth all of the words that have been submitted via comments so I'll make up my own until I'm able to do so.
.), Sherlock will give it to him. If John wants platonicism (
John sings under his breath. He’s dressed smartly in a cornflower button down. His trousers are neatly pressed. He lights the candlesticks Sherlock’s not-really-saving for an experiment, but he finds himself resenting John’s
Down with the zip, John grasping—
Or not.
Sherlock rakes his fingers through his hair, tangle in his soppy curls. John’s words bandage the evidence of insults past. Enfold him, a second skin, and it’s John’s assertions how he’s fantastic, brilliant, and marvelous that support Sherlock as he shrugs off the
John fetches a wet rag from the bathroom. Sherlock sheds his shirt, which adhered to his chest like a second skin from all the soap and salt residue. Sprawls across the foot of the bed, toes curling into the plush carpet. John wipes him down. From collar to belly button and shoulders to fingertips.
Sherlock rips the paper out of John’s hands. John is neither surprised nor incensed by Sherlock’s behavior. His hissy fits are old hat, now. “Yes!” Sherlock is persistent. Claws at the arms of John’s chair. Leans forward in an attempt to glean John’s secret telepathically. Which, of course, doesn’t work. But Sherlock can dream. He barks, “Tell me!”
Sherlock rifles through his stack of receipts. He systematizes May through July while John assembles the whole of August. They work swiftly and silently. The whisper of Sherlock’s robe and the rustle of paper.
“I’m sorry, but you aren’t allowed to pinch my nipples.” Sherlock is offended. “The service is non-refundable. Yes, service. The service I’m providing you!” Before he disconnects, he shouts, “Your father is a disappointing science tutor from Boston!”
On the fifteenth of March, Sherlock grills steak. (Rather, he asks Angelo to grill him steak and Angelo grills him steak.) He waits for John in nothing but his robe.
was pure magic. He coughs to hide his laughter. Sherlock mistakenly believes he’s poking fun; his nickname is ridiculous, to be sure, but at least it’s not Lock.
“I like the look of you,” John murmurs. “Raw. Middle of nowhere. Just you and me.”
“That’s your sex name?”
John swears he will rue the day Sherlock cross-examines a child. Yes, cross-examine. Not question, not talk. Cross-examine. Because Sherlock neither
This is the beginning of my surprise! The next however many chapters will revolve around John and Sherlock's not-really wedding.
“I’m not allowed to contribute to the festivities?” Sherlock stares blankly out the window.
They don’t leave right away.
Sherlock plucks the washcloth from John's hands. Motions for him to turn. Delightfully surprised, John obeys. Sherlock does not move from beneath the showerhead, but he rubs John down with care. Water dripping from his hair and onto John's neck. Considerate hands against his body. And nothing, John believes, could be more intimate.
. John wants to kiss his mouth, flint and tinder. But he doesn’t. Not yet. Because Sherlock is looking at him in a way that reminds John of their trip to the Louvre after hours. (Galleries still refer to Sherlock as the Reichenbach Hero. Insane lengths to ensure his political patronage of the arts continues unabated. John remembers standing in the presence of some of the most famous paintings in the world. Sherlock’s hands in his pockets so he wouldn’t touch.)
“Clear your schedule Monday next. We’ve been invited to attend the gallery of Lois Mozelle, whom I will woo with unrepentant charm. She will then attempt to murder me and disunite my genitals in the name of art.”
“What do you see, there?” Sherlock asks, pointing.
“You should be ashamed of yourselves.”
Gripping Sherlock’s lapel. “You nearly died.”
Chapters to follow: Soliloquy, Sartorial, Quotidian, Interlude, Hyoid, Splinter, Cashmere, Stocking, and a few more I haven't noted yet. =)
“—and that was the last straw. He forgot their anniversary and she kill—“
Has no intention of eating. As he’s wont to do, Sherlock disrupted John’s meeting with Ms. Morstan, a fabricated narrative his excuse to trouble John for his opinion regarding a set of crime scene photographs. John, as
John sets the pamphlet on the floor. He’s not sure where to start because the directions are in Chinese. “Remind me why you dribbled acid on our old table?”
. No, he keeps his distance. Shares with Sherlock a barrage of insults should Jim call again.
“Why not?” is John’s response. Closer, which involves elbows and knees and as urbane and tactile as John has proven to be in the past, their couch is only so big.
There is nothing wrong with more.
“Your bed is warmer.”
Sherlock knocks John's hands aside. Twice. Again. Losing his ground. Back against the wall. John's fingertips skimming his ribcage and Sherlock shrieks. "John!" But it's too late. Sherlock lowers his defenses, succumbing to irrepressible giggles, full bellied laughter when John touches him just
Sherlock buttons his aubergine shirt. Chest flushed, creeping up his neck. His body is betraying him and he hates it. Nerves. Why would he be nervous? There’s absolutely nothing to be nervous about. Unless the date goes poorly and John decides it’s in his best interest to get while the getting is good.
Sherlock observes uninterrupted for three minutes.
Sherlock falls silent, much to John’s consternation. Now that he isn’t dying of cerebral hypoxia, he begins to notice
“None of which you do well.”
Vilifying e-mail found, delivered to Lestrade, and Sherlock takes John home to bed before John falls asleep on his feet. Might as well be catatonic when Sherlock helps him climb under the covers, still wearing his trousers and his jumper.
Sherlock stands and stares like a man who’s deciding what he wants for dinner. He’s not hungry.
They have a moment. The kind of moment where miscommunication and obduracy and hubris may compromise good reason. Rather than wander down that particular rabbit hole, John listens while Sherlock complains, “Look at what you’ve done to me.”
This, Sherlock cannot deflect. It’s a first for him. Overhearing bullshit directed not at himself, but at John. Someone he cares for so deeply it physically pains Sherlock to devote even a fraction of his mental capacity dissecting how John responded when he told him to stay.
Sherlock releases a breath he might’ve been holding for the duration of Victor’s visit. “Thank God.”
“Tuesday.”
“You’re welcome,” John calls after him. He turns over and goes back to sleep.
, John panics.
the same way he defines
Let's see how long I can go without missing a day. ;)
Sherlock and John are rescued shortly thereafter.
Sure, they’re lucky to be alive. Lucky to have escaped whatever Abe Slaney had in store for them. But handcuffs? Really? John feels as if he’s the butt of some kind of cosmic joke on his manhood.
“I will when you stop asking me to.” Sherlock’s fingers are gripping the pulse point of John’s wrist.
, John. Can you hear it? The sound of my boredom reaching heretofore unimaginable heights?”
“Not particularly, no.”
“Clearly.” Sherlock chauffeurs John toward the open seat. His genteel tone of voice is disarming. Enough so that John’s sense of fair play is overruled.
. John kept being perfect and Sherlock kept allowing his perfectness to affect him, damn it.
. Not the
John shakes the handle of his 10-in-1 at him. “I went to college. I’ve assembled my fair share of cheap-arse furniture, thank you very much.” He also dated a number of women who purchased entertainment centers in the infancy of their romantic liaisons. Forcing slot A into remotely-resembles-a-conical-outlet B is almost a prerequisite for any relationship. Even this one. Though, Sherlock is capable of building a bloody table. He’s smart. Efficient when he wants to be. Good with his hands. (John is
“So does my partner.”
John intercepts him on the landing. “Where, Sherlock? What happened?”
way. “I think I’m getting hives,” Sherlock says.
. Or the irrepressible itch, the bitter cocktail of Moriatry’s endgame; one part loneliness and two parts tragedy. But a substitute? No. A counteragent, mores like. John would approve of the term. But maybe not if he knew how the idea, the memory, the thought of his scent, his presence, his
. John would pay good money to watch Sherlock watch
John storms off in a huff. He is not party to the text Mycroft sends Sherlock:
He reaches for John, his name half-formed on his lips. Tongue aborting the vowel, he pants, "Jh--"
John smiles at him. Not just any smile. His
A callous insult for John Watson. Sherlock is surprised at him. He loves being surprised at him.
John opens the frige. Looks over his shoulder. Shoves the new milk between the zucchini and the beer. “Children?”
John pockets his mobile, determined to spend the remainder of the evening enjoying the company of—
He’s never prayed for anything so earnestly in his life. Not even when he was dying in the desert in Afghanistan.
“Sorry. You’re distracting.”
Tiny, little claws digging into his thigh! Sherlock falls over on his back, kicking furiously. Thank God John has quick reflexes; he avoided what might have been a serious head injury, but now he’s fending off the heels of Sherlock’s Leeds.
Bow in hand. Limber fingers. He intends to pour is very soul into unearthly screeches until he feels like a real person again.
John can know nothing of this.
,” Sherlock bites. Stares intently through his microscope at a smear of who-knows-what.
“Oh my God, John, this is heinous!” Sherlock lounges against the cologne counter, the epitome of scapegrace, and John’s not the only one comparing him to the male models advertising this year’s sensuous new scents. John finds Sherlock’s animal magnetism somewhat funny. (Women, and a fair number of men, find his animal magnetism somewhat arousing.) Sherlock makes sexy an art form. But his lack of interest in sex outside the arena of murder and blackmail is diminutive. Sherlock is asexual—whether or not he identifies as such out of sheer insolence is neither here nor there—but he’s a sexual creature. Sherlock often comments on John’s illogicality, but he’s just as illogical. If not more so.
“Yes, on three.”
is won’t to do, was irked Sherlock imposed on him during the main course. But the twinkle in his eye was unmistakable. Sherlock reveled in it.
John’s soul is old. Not very old, but older than Sherlock would imagine. A century. Worn around the edges like a book yellowed by the sun and its pages smell of ink and leather and adventure.
“For science,” they say. Smile in tandem.
He’s shushed by a handful of girls.
“Which you won’t.”
“NO.”
John isn’t so sure, but he lets Sherlock revel in his moment of undetected victory.
But bliss. Pure, unadulterated bliss. Pristine. Flowing through his veins like taffeta, feather down, like corpulent threads of gold spooling and un-spooling and tying his nervous system in a double sheel bend. A smile, witty repartee. John Watson is arguably more addictive than any opiate Sherlock has smoked, popped, snorted, or injected.
The fog begins to dissipate. The opalescent radiance of dawn filigrees the bedroom, branding the wall with swathes of pale pink and orange. Sherlock cards his fingers through the weak beams of light, stirring dust motes like he’s conducting a symphony.
Sherlock is currently mutilating his middle toe. “What do you imagine he sounds like?”
John has never felt so loved.
The woman loiters, dumbstruck.
Sherlock can read John’s unspoken question in the flutter of his eyelids. “It will suit you. Bring out the color of your eyes.”
anything. His gaze is concerted. Intense. Attempting to bore directly into John’s amygdala with his eyes by sheer force of will, maybe. John smacks the taste of sleep out of his mouth, the taste of Sherlock out of his mouth and
“You mean Brenda.”
face. The one Sherlock calls his
John wants to go home.
“You just kissed a total stranger!”
John sticks his tongue between his teeth. Pokes and prods at the pad of Sherlock’s finger. “Someone once told me,” he whispers, like speaking softly will lure the hellish sliver of wood from Sherlock’s aggrieved pinky, “that nothing is impossible. Only improbable.”
John blinks.
“Very.”
A moment of silence. “Red? Really? I’m sorry, John, but I can’t envision you wearing anything more imaginative than white boxer briefs. No, we have to start over.” Sherlock clears his throat. “What are you wearing?”
“You’ve done this before.” Mary leans forward. “You’re jealous. Desperate for his attention. Begging for it,” she chuckles. As if Sherlock’s behavior has reverted him to a child-like status and his jejune attitude toward her is more adorably amusing than problematic. “He’s not interested in you, you know. Don’t be stupid.”
“Are they promoting underage sex?”
“Second, I—“ Like he suddenly remembers Sherlock is there. “—my date.” John takes a swig of his Pinot. “We’ve been through a lot of shit and you drive me ‘round the bend, but I. Um. Marry me.”
“The small intestine of an adolescent gibbon, obviously.”
John sniffs Sherlock’s fingers. “They smell like fer…formaldehyde.” Licks around the knuckle of his index. “Taste like beer.”
John isn’t entirely sure, but he thinks it’s exactly what they’re supposed to be doing.
He lifts a flute of wine to his mouth. Takes a sip. A grimace John adores in spite of himself. Sherlock watches the couples mingle with desultory curiosity. Reading every gesture, tick, wrinkle and word. Quicksilver eyes roaming from person to person. Indolent. Until he sees the one he’s been looking for.
“Well, she’d be lucky to have you.” Sets his glass on the table. Rubs the stem between his fingers.
Pursue suggesting to follow. To catch. Which doesn’t make sense. He’s already caught. Sherlock touches John’s hand. Sliding his fingers around his wrist. Surreptitiously taking his pulse. Elevated.
Sherlock lowers himself to his haunches. “Yes?”
“W—nothing.” John is flustered. Rocks back on his heels, hands stuffed in the pockets of his coat. Must find something interesting stuck to the toes of his shoes because he gives them his undivided attention. “Just.” Emphasizes the T, bidding for time. “Thinking.”
“Oh my God. Are we running out of air?”
Romantic tripe. Sherlock doesn’t know himself.
Additional note: There will be no update tomorrow. I will be traveling.
John would like to explain, would like Sherlock to understand. Home is where the heart is. And John’s heart is currently held captive, bound and fettered in Sherlock’s possession, locked so deep inside there’s no hope of recovery. John doesn’t need Baker Street. Doesn’t need London. But. Can’t deny they fit the city. Filling the cracks, slipping unnoticed in the recesses of dark alleyways, abandoned warehouses, the banks of the Thames like a lyric in his ear, memorized backward and forward and John says, “Come here.”
If it were possible to retain John, compact and complete, Sherlock would swallow him whole. Because it’s excruciating. This healing atmosphere after years of restraint, of suffering. Like rubbing salt on an open wound. And it’s hardly any better, crushing John against him. It’s worse. Elevating, cataclysmic, to the left of his breastbone. A brewing storm in his throat and his ribcage rattles with his,
A beat of silence.
“Sometimes I wonder.”
) Sweetens the deal with a particularly lascivious, “…John.”
look.
Mary stands when John sits. She grabs her purse. “I’m sorry, John.”
“Smart arse.”
John fetches something from Sherlock’s desk. “You will.”
“You fell asleep.”
Something good, apparently.
He’s startled to feel John sitting at the end of the couch. He touches Sherlock’s ankle and the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders ebb. He buries his toes under John’s thigh and neither of them speaks another word for the remainder of the evening.
“You’re in love with him.”
“We’ll stay here for tonight,” Sherlock says, shrugging out of his greatcoat. “Find somewhere less…” He wrinkles his nose. “…
John catches Sherlock’s wrist before Sherlock can poke him again. He’s not about to admit he was busy playing Sherlock eating their shared dessert in the most ridiculous--and unbearably arousing--way possible on a continuous loop. Really. Who uses a spoon that way? Turning it upside down in his mouth. Dragging it slowly alongside his tongue...
A ring. Gunmetal grey. Tungsten, so says the gold-embossed placard. Heavy. And tough, apparently. Next only to diamond on the Moh’s Hardness Scale. Virtually impossible to scratch. (Unlike Sherlock’s ring, which is already showing signs of wear.) Meant to be felt when worn, despite its elegant cut.
“Victor, please.” Victor drains his glass and sets it heavily on the kitchen table with an audible sigh. “He owes me, I think.”
) File-thirteens the budding, sexual identity crisis when Sherlock endeavors to leave him to his thoughts. John holds him fast. “We aren’t done! What do I need to say, Sherlock? What do I need to do to get it through that thick skull of yours? If you leave me behind ag—“
They emerge like drowned rats. Soaking wet and nothing to show for it. Evidence of pillaging leads Sherlock to believe (Sherlock refuses to call the man Reggie)’s treasure hunt is a lost cause.
John plays music. He discovered that while Sherlock’s mind is occupied thinking on a level that would incapacitate mere mortals, his body—failing to respond to stimuli like touch or smell—is vulnerable to sound. It isn’t much, granted, but it’s something. John composed a CD of orchestral pieces, mostly strings. He stashed copies in the kitchen for just such an occasion.
John takes his hat off. Fiddles with it in his hands, grinning from ear to ear. “Oh, c’mon. Just playing. You look like a gangster. Say, ‘Stick ‘em up!’”
John steadies himself.
“Your
because Sherlock is Sherlock and John is John; talking about sentiment and feelings has never been a top priority for either of them because they're both emotionally compromised idiots.
Sherlock flaps his hand at the china and the polished forks and knives. His robe flutters as he gestures. “You’re pulling all the stops. You’re trying to impress her. You—“
“Why aren’t they wearing shoes? And why are their feet so hairy?”
“Suicide pact?” Sherlock suggests.
I'm a bad, bad author.
“So. Not a copper.”
Sherlock makes an objectionable noise somewhere between a moan and whimper so bogus it’s painful to hear. John tightens his grip. Sherlock’s glare can curdle milk, which explains how on Earth they manage to consume three gallons a week for Christ’s sake.
John’s hand wanders toward Sherlock. Reaching for him. Protecting him. From bad dreams, from particularly painful memories that raid his mind while his body is forced to recuperate.
The bathroom door opens. John draws the shower curtain.
“Have you considered the repercussions?”
When John looks at him like he can’t be real. Sherlock’s desire to procure a cerebral spade and dig for buried nuances he’s observed but never committed fully to memory is unprecedented. He wants to know. Now. Right now. What John’s thinking, what he wants, because John Watson is ruining him and it hurts so good
Sherlock breathes in and he breathes out. “Lestrade is going to phone me about a case within the hour.”
“I’m dying first!”
Sherlock never waits.
Sherlock broods until John comes home. He continues to brood until John stands in front of him.
. More like
Sherlock climbs the stairs to John’s bedroom and darts underneath the covers.
John closes the shower curtain on him. “You look nothing like those blokes,” he grumbles. Lathers soap across his chest.
Harry never cared for cross-stitching. A fear of needles and poor hand-eye coordination did not a good combination make. (The third time she pricked her finger, she threw in the towel.) When a combination of poor vision and early onset arthritis made it difficult for his mother to thread her needles, John swallowed what little pride he had at the age of fifteen—because needles and thread seemed to him very girly—and he threaded them for her.
have an announcement. To make.” Picks up his wine glass. “First, I’d like to thank Angelo. A fine man. A damn, fine man.”
Because Sherlock’s inebriation has more to do with a root canal and less to do with bandwagons and the falling off thereof. John is decidedly not angry at Sherlock for requesting happy gas. He shepherds Sherlock into the cab, Sherlock mumbling how Holmeses have a history of soft teeth and Mycroft’s gained five pounds in the last month and Lestrade is the best of a bad lot and
“I may be wrong, but I think we’re moving rhythmically to music.”
“I made a flow chart.”
John notices Sherlock noticing him and Sherlock notices his notice with a brief smile. This entices John to rise, eyeing Sherlock’s maiden-in-waiting (Sherlock still hasn’t forgiven John for that one.) pose with his own brand of helpless adoration and amusement. Sherlock would give anything to plaster-cast John’s face as it is now. He makes a note to test the metaphorical waters for artistic excursions, heart thumping wildly in his chest when John bends over him, invading his personal space. Offering himself for Sherlock’s immediate study.
John doesn’t say anything. Taking too long to think. Makes Sherlock antsy.
Sherlock’s excuse is twofold. One—and this is implicit—it satisfies his overt sense of drama. Two, he doesn’t want Mycroft privy to their plans. John gets a good laugh out of the former and he has yet to determine how Sherlock managed to purchase plane tickets without notifying Mycroft of the latter. However Sherlock got his hands on tickets to Paris, John doesn’t ask. He probably doesn’t want to know.
John is clearly lost. Sherlock bemoans his fate. Pushes himself to stand. Discards his shoes so that he may join John in the kitchen.
Amanda is in awe.
“That’s a little pedophiliac, isn’t it?”
He wonders what he would think. What his old self would think. His self
This is a conclusion to Coffin. I apologize for the randomness--for any drabbles that are predominantly strange. I'm kind of an oddball. But I like me so that's okay.
A chorus of “whooooa”s splinters Sherlock’s contempt. Pleased with the attention nonetheless.
Sherlock’s brow is pinched, as close to dumbstruck as is possible in his case. Cheeks flushed prettily. It wrenches John’s heart, his wonder. His disbelief. He wants to flatter Sherlock over and over until praise no longer renders him speechless. Renders him indolent, boneless, gasping under his hands, his tongue. Unmoored.
I’ve had a busy week. The season refused to go out with a whimper. That said, please enjoy this drabble with extra fluff on top. And I do apologize to the one who prompted the word salacious, as she did not intend for it to be construed as romantic. But I couldn’t help myself! Sorry!
John explains, “Your methods. I applied them. Also, you’re not the subtlest person.”
John listens to Sherlock ramble about nothing and everything. Revels in the vibration of his voice against his chest. A small part of him doesn’t want to move ever again. He knows, logically, that would be impossible, but feelings are feelings and they never do make much sense, do they? In this moment, John is contented. He feels warm. He even feels safe, which is a surprise given Sherlock’s penchant for blowing things up or setting fire to the flat.
It makes John’s skin ache, he’s so beautiful.
Sherlock diverts to John’s bedroom. John is hot on his heels.
Sherlock suffers quietly through the rehearsal dinner. When the time comes for him to address the bride and groom, he stands. Buttons his suit coat with one hand, smooth. Calm. Says, "A toast..." He lifts his glass. "...to the happy couple." He sounds condescending, but John's smile does not waver. Sherlock's heart clenches. "Mary," he begins. "You don't know me well, but you will. No matter how hard you try."
John smiles.
If it were possible to contain John, to draw him compact and complete inside his chest, Sherlock would swallow him whole. Because it hurts. This healing atmosphere after years of restraint, of suffering. Like rubbing salt on an open wound. It hurts. And it’s not getting better, holding John in his arms. It’s getting worse. Elevating, cataclysmic, to the left of his breastbone. A brewing storm in the confines of his chest and his ribcage rattles with every breath. Respite. Begging, please.
One of the dumplings runs outside. Tugs on Sherlock’s greatcoat.
“My life is a lie,” Sherlock deadpans. His humiliation is worth John’s uncontrollable giggling.
They arrive in Paris in short order. Sherlock whispers furtively in the ear of the airfield manager, who just so happens to meet them upon disembarkation, and security ushers them to a private lounge. Luggage full of clothes, toiletries, odds and ends John is pretty sure he doesn’t need nor will ever need. Like nose hair trimmers. And red pants.
Sherlock leaves his keys to dangle in the lock. “About?”
Love is disgusting.
—and gasping, gasping, gasping for more
John stiffens, turns. On his guard, sweeping darkened alleyways for signs of—
“I won’t get lost.”
“North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and by two, west by one and by one, and so under,” Sherlock mutters. He doubts Reginald Musgrave will compensate him for finding mud and debris. But there are cobwebs in John’s hair. And a patina of dust and sweat on his face and neck and arms and John is smiling, his inner child giddy beyond belief.
s, deep and gravely and John gapes.
Sherlock has stolen the comforter, wrapped up like a cocoon.
. “Yes, alright!” John snaps. Or tries to snap. God help him, he finds Sherlock’s diligence charming as all hell. “I’m trying to—“
—allowing my.” Grunts when John pushes him over and peppers Sherlock’s philtrum, his chin with kisses. “Prefrontal—
“Yeah, you know. Bring you chocolates and flowers. In your case, toes and femurs.”
“Why?”
They’re suddenly both very aware of how close they’re standing. How Sherlock’s pulse is racing. How John’s hand is trembling.
But Sherlock isn’t pulling. Pushing. Leading him into danger.
“Midnight.”
“Red,” John lies.
John blinks. He blinks again. Assumes that Sherlock is referring to…a lie in. And the fact that Sherlock is forcing himself—literally forcing himself, if the tremors in his arms and legs are any indication—to stay in bed, doing something he would otherwise abhor, avoid. Like laundry, or the dishes, or wearing polyester. Sherlock is frowning, recalcitrant. God help him, but John thinks it’s endearing.
Victor compels Sherlock to show everyone how he uses his magnifying glass.
The bathroom door opens. Closes. The slap of bare feet and the rustle of clothing.
. That’s rather nice. John braces himself on Sherlock’s shoulder. Hand slips off and into his hair, but not before scratching Sherlock’s neck with his thumbnail. “S-Sorry,” John stutters. Not really paying attention, though. Too busy perching the nib of the pen on Sherlock’s brow. Begins scratching letters across his forehead and Sherlock unhelpfully furrows his eyebrows, displacing John’s very black and very permanent writing utensil with every facial expression he pulls. “Stop it.”
John can feel Sherlock clench and unclench his fist, his tendons shifting in John’s grip.
Sherlock crowds John against the sink, deepens the kiss. His chest hurts. He has to say it. He has to say it or he might die. Bottled up inside him—deep inside him, where it’s dark and dank and loveless—and he had no idea how lethal these feelings would prove to be. Like methane. And his heart is the canary in the coal shaft. He’s never been able to keep anything like this to himself. Evidence, the kind that changes the course of an entire case. It needs to be said. It needs to be said.
Sherlock sprawls over John’s body. Observing the signs of his escalating arousal with quicksilver eyes. Grossly fascinating, as always. “Why?” Calloused fingertips of his left hand skittering around the crook of John’s arm. Licks his lips, drawing John’s attention to his mouth.
Sherlock chuckles. A deep, sinful chuckle. “Problem?”
John undresses Sherlock slowly. Loves him slowly, thoroughly. Once it’s been said, it’s easier to say again and again and again, punctuating John’s hands just there, his mouth on his—
“How long before you grow tired of him?”
John unbuttons Sherlock’s jacket. He watches Sherlock’s chest heave, completely entranced by the lithe rise and fall, rise and fall. John gulps, eyes darting to Sherlock’s face to gauge his reaction.
“It’s looking at me, Sherlock.”
Their audience has lost interest in their food. An out-and-out soap opera is unfolding before their eyes.
“Shut up, Sherlock.”
John brushes his teeth. Up and down, neat and precise. It makes Sherlock absurdly happy. He doesn’t like it. One night and suddenly the everyday and the ordinary and the mundane aren’t so mind-numbingly monotonous. Sherlock wants to cut them out and hoard them in secret places no one else can find even though they serve no purpose. It pisses him off.
Mycroft graciously excuses himself.
“We’re out of milk,” John whispers in his ear.
“Mmm, they’re killing each other now.”
Sherlock’s arm grows heavy. He rests his elbow on his stomach. Watches John suck on the tip of his middle finger, nibble on his nail, while he adds perfunctory punctuation.
Sherlock plops down on the end of John’s bed. (Or as close to plopping as he is capable, the graceful twat.) The bedsprings complain. So does John. “Tapeworms!”
"No...I mean." (Sherlock imagines John is licking his lips.) "I'm at the Yard. I need you to post bail."
Sherlock is none the wiser. Mostly because his experiment has been invalidated. He’s pissy about the spattering of fetus on the kitchen ceiling and a man’s alibi is in jeopardy—
Sherlock pushes John out of his way.
“I’m taking advise from a man who can’t keep a steady girlfriend?”
, John?”
Wasn’t good enough. Not if Sherlock could tell his family’s queries rattled his cage.
He plays Track01 again.
Sherlock doesn’t want the bedroom. Sherlock doesn’t want to move. Doesn’t want John to move. “Idiot,” he says instead of ‘stay’ or ‘no’.
Angsty chapter. I apologize to shiverelectric, who probably didn't have angst in mind for Bingo.
John reaches up. Places the tip of a single finger on Sherlock’s stomach and revels in the shuddering breath his touch generates. Teases Sherlock’s treasure trail. Dips his finger into the gap between his groin and trousers Sherlock provides. Moist heat. A thick nest of curls. Sherlock eyelids flutter closed. “Where?”
Sherlock gasps, throws his head back against the cushions. “Ah…John…” Hard to breathe. “You’re...heavy!”
"I'm not digging for anything on our honeymoon."
More polite applause and ‘
“Radix pedis diaboli.” Sherlock’s smile has slipped its restraints. John can’t stop staring. “And I didn’t light it on fire,” Sherlock says, sotto voce. “I baked it in the oven.”
Sherlock wakes to the sound of water boiling. He doesn’t remember falling asleep. He vaguely recalls John mentioning something about a celebratory dinner in honor of their anniversary, which appeals to Sherlock about as much as a mental imagine of Anderson wearing a diaphanous teddy. Not that he doesn’t understand the one-year milestone of a relationship, particularly their relationship. He does. He just thinks it’s superfluous. Like birthdays or Christmas.
Sherlock feigns hurt feelings. Doesn’t take much. What he gets for jumping to conclusions. “You forgot. After all the trouble of—“
Sherlock grabs his coat, his scarf. He’s dashes out the door, down the stairs, and hails a taxi. Visions of cobalt chrome and titanium chiming in his forebrain.
. Sherlock would implore Mrs. Hudson to keep their engagement a secret, but the truth has a way of revealing itself. Only a matter of time. But—and this catches Sherlock wholly by surprise—he doesn’t care.
“No.”
Sherlock doesn’t have the patience to sit still and watch anything exceeding the length of a YouTube video, let alone a film over two hours long. But, damn it, John’s tried to see a movie by himself and Sherlock always—
“Silly me. Completely slipped my mind. Don’t think measles is a rare disease, though.”
“John?”
They stand together, conversing on a level interminable. Their love masquerades as an alleyway, winding strategically around Sherlock’s heart.
John texts back. He’s known Sherlock far too long to hope that will be that.
He’s dreaming. He must be dreaming.
Sherlock rinses the suds off his back.
John tugs on the collar of Sherlock’s shirt and Sherlock stoops, eyes closing. Fully expects John to kiss him. Predictable. Cliché. Romantic.
Sherlock opens the door. “I do have a basic understanding of—“
Sherlock grouses. Or tires to grouse. Sounds like he’s caught between being incommoded and aroused. Frowns when John appreciates his sensitivity with an ‘mhm’, eyes twinkling.
His hands. Validating that which can’t be true, but is. It is tue. Sherlock, drinking him in, legitimate tenderness and honest affirmation. For the first time since John unwittingly/willingly devoted his life to his flatmate, he sees in Sherlock his consummate loyalty—his love—mirrored back at him. And suddenly, it was worth it. All of it. The agony. The despair. The months of despondency.
John forces Sherlock to go Christmas shopping.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John worships in his ear.
Sherlock digs his fingernails into the cushions. “I’ve determined it’s worth the risk.”
A change of clothes in the backseat. Two pair of jeans and white button-downs. Sherlock cranks the engine just as John finishes zipping his fly.
“Oh God no. Little Martin? Can you imagine that? He wouldn’t be allowed anyway, he’s got to be the grumpy Hobbit. He’d be down on the ground looking all cool and mod-like with his shades, listening to some ska going, “Yeah that looked like fun, you tw*t.” Whereas I’m there jumping around like Tigger.” - Benedict Cumberbatch on whether Martin Freeman went skydiving with him while filming in New Zealand.
Going back and forth on whether I should commit myself to a fic-fic project. I haven't committed to a novel-length anything, typing bits and pieces here and there, but then I started working on this chapter, which is more Kid!lock. So maybe this is the start of something? I have no idea, but I hope so.
“Brilliant. Spectacular. Miraculous. Incredible. Amazing.”
And the walls come tumbling down.
John is sexual. Sherlock is asexual. This is the first and most insignificant setback in a series of impediments for them as a…Sherlock shudders at the word
He does not expect Mycroft to laugh at him. “Oh, Sherlock. You believe yourself to be in love with him, don’t you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do this,” John amends.
Sherlock is concerned for John’s sanity. “We solve crimes on a regular basis.” He pauses. With a hint of acrimony, amends, “Solved.” The Yard’s drudgework—hardly satiating, but anything to worm their way into Lestrade’s good books.
John Watson is HIS, belongs to HIM.
“I’m paid by the song,” Sherlock quips.
“Good. Okay.” John coughs into his fist. Sherlock might as well be the bloody Poster Boy for Doggedness. His embarrassment is as effective a deterrent in his quest to pillage John’s mind on the rudimentaries of tongue-on-tongue as Mycroft’s dietitian deters cake. (Not at all. Unfortunately.) John makes another attempt: “Imagine you’re kissing science.”
“Finest European tanneries, indeed.” John sees right through him.
Sherlock peers over John’s shoulder. Carapace. Cephalothorax. Head, thorax, abdomen. Basically an overgrown cockroach of the sea. “Hard to imagine they smell worse dead.”
“Shh, John.” Sherlock changes the wallpaper. A shot of Sherlock antagonizing John with a too-big smile and John pulling a face. The likes of which would frighten small children. Sherlock adjusts the screen resolution and rotation, inverting the mouse controls. By the time he’s finished tweaking Anderson’s computer settings, John can’t…he just can’t.
Sherlock is glaring daggers—
“Will you forgive me if I tell you I have a very good explanation for my invasion of your privacy?” Sherlock asks when he comes home to find John waiting for him in the living room, his iPod clutched in John’s fist. He’s dimly repentant. Does not believe he’s crossed boundaries that don’t warrant crossing to begin with. Sherlock regards John with mild concern. His apology will not be sincere, if John demands one of him, but he will make an attempt because Sherlock is Sherlock and John is John and Sherlock’s iPod hits the floor in a jarring moment of clarity.
John starts. Looks at Sherlock guiltily. “I didn’t call one. Thought I could manage.” John clears his throat. Brandishes a strand of liquorice and clicks his tongue, tantalizing what Sherlock presumes is the mouse from yesterday.
“I’d be doing the world a favor.”
Whatever John wants.
Eyes closing. “Nearly being the key word.”
Sherlock’s heart shudders soundly in his chest. His feels it down to his toes, curling them against the balls of his feet. Steady, steady on. John kisses his mouth. Sherlock gapes. Gasps. Shudders segue to leisurely waves of peace and happiness and more. More than more. Everything. Sharp elbows and hot breath. Liquid gold kisses and electric blue fingertips. Skating down his neck, over his chest, his
Sherlock touches John’s nose. Spreads his fingers across his cheeks, pulling at his skin, noting the elasticity. John is a third tolerant, a third befuddled, and a third flattered. When Sherlock maps the logarithmic curve of his bottom lip, he’s a fourth aroused. Kisses the pad of Sherlock’s thumb sweetly.
John feels queasy. He shoves his plate of lobster fettuccine to the side. He texts:
“A rabbit wearing a strap-on,” Sherlock is loath to admit.
Sherlock probably has no idea he inadvertently referenced
John is gazing at him. This is it.
“Molly’s niece made these.” Centers them just so. The glitter sparkles dazzlingly. Sherlock wants to throw something. Preferably a breakable something. And preferably at John’s head. There’s a box of ornaments in the kitchen. “She’s a big fan, apparently.”
The question stumps Sherlock. It stumps him for the next fifty-five years.
It’s too much. It’s way too much for Sherlock, who never imagined someone—anyone—could (or would) worship him like this. John cants his hips, kissing every inch of Sherlock’s face, panting, “Sherlock” and “oh, Sherlock” and “Don’t you ever go where I can’t find you.”
John hasn't answered his phone. Why won't he answer his phone?
John shakes the handle of his 10-in-1 at him. “I’ve assembled my fair share of cheap-arse furniture, thank you very much.” He also dated a number of women who purchased entertainment centers in the infancy of their romantic liaisons. Forcing slot A into remotely-resembles-conical-outlet B is almost a prerequisite for any relationship. But Sherlock won’t help. Even though he’s smart. Efficient. Good with his hands. (John is
“You want to be.”
“What is your B.M.I.?”
John doesn’t have the heart to argue with him. Sherlock’s mobile hasn’t moaned in over a month and he’s convinced Sherlock’s lethargy stems from Irene Adler’s radio silence. John straightens Billy’s hat. He drops the conversation.
as he is pulling a face that speaks volumes and volumes of heroism and Sherlock stamps on his foot when the German reaches for his concealed weapon. (
“Hm.”
“Lips,” Sherlock answers. He sits primly on the sofa, swathed in a hodgepodge of mismatched blankets. He juts his chin a little, implying John should
“I needed to see you,” Sherlock lies.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sniffs. Pretends he’s otherwise engaged. “What’s her name?” Fingers an F sharp on his violin.
Those long, dexterous fingers trail down the buttons of his shirt, making them stretch and click. He gropes himself through his trousers . Fully captivating Deeze with the outline of his cock and distracting everyone else with his hips and arse. He tosses his head back with a moan and his curls bounce. The flex of his abs under that silky shirt.
They are arranging receipts on the floor when it happens.
face.
Sherlock opens John’s memory stick from the desktop. Scrolls through a cache of photographs of himself and John in 221B. Standing with their backs against the smiley-face wall. And the reason Sherlock complied with John’s portrait request had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that John winded himself moving the couch and everything to do with John’s
“Not now,” Sherlock amends. Stands, grabs their clothes folded in a neat pile in the grass. Checks his mobile, saying, “I've never paid much thought to my future, but now that my future includes you, I have paid it due mind.”
Eyes shut against John’s flat, open to his mind palace.
It’s the first time Sherlock kisses him. His lips are cold and wet on John’s cheek. The smell of bananas and summer sweat.
Surprisingly, Sherlock does not argue or tune John out. He knows it’s fruitless. Just like John knows it’s fruitless to try and explain to Sherlock why it’s a good idea to retain his National Insurance number. Sherlock sits opposite John with a huff.
Sherlock stops texting. Glares at John’s date (
John hugs him, after. After Sebastian Moran, after his sick and twisted spin on
“You.”
Drops his trousers. Runs the shower, testing the water with his hand intermittently until the temperature pleases him. Finds comfort in the familiar rattle and clang of the pipes. Because that hasn't changed. He isn't dreaming. And, and. Can't decide if he should wait for Sherlock or--John removes his pants and steps underneath the showerhead. Nope. Not waiting. Waiting makes him feel weird. Jittery. He doesn't like jittery. He's not sixteen for Christ's sake. Clenches and unclenches his fists. Turns his back to the spray. Er, wait. Turns again. Water in his eyes. Spins in a circle, trying to get comfortable. Look presentable. In the shower. Jesus.
“Eight,” Sherlock states. He doesn’t specify. He doesn’t really have to.
John smiles. From what he remembers of rudimentary economics,
Sherlock raises his eyebrows. Takes him less than a second to conclude John isn’t scheming to make him eat. Mostly because John is too tired to put up a decent fight.  “Mother was a waitress.”
Sherlock pants across John’s cheek, the tip of his nose, his philtrum. Draws his upper lip between his teeth. Smiles when he feels John smile. Paints his gums with the tip of his tongue, a cartographic study of the bumps and the divots. It’s a bit messy. And slobbery. But John’s beginning to tremble and nothing, Sherlock thinks, will compel him to stop now that John’s lisping breathlessly, “Stherluck” and “Stherluck” and “
They surprise Mrs. Hudson with Gladstone twenty minutes later, after John and Sherlock realize a pet lobster is probably the worst idea they’ve ever had. John tells her it’s an anniversary present. When she asks, “The anniversary of what?” John replies:
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary, however, was unimpressed. The moment John was out of earshot, she pounced.
John hasn’t been in touch with a single member of his uni rugby team in over ten years. He can scarcely remember their nicknames, let alone their real ones. He casually greets them all with a tired smile. Hotty Toddy, Slim, Bird, and Deez.
Sherlock rolls over on his side. Glares at John. Hair dried like a nest of burrs. John ventures to ruffle Sherlock’s untamed mop of curls, but his hand freezes in midair when Sherlock grumbles, “I said you find me attractive when I’m dirty.”
, charting a timeline. He soon forgets about the hows and the wheres when he starts shivering.
John turns on the water around Sherlock’s back. Cold at first, steadily warming to a suitable temperature. They’re both getting wet so at least they won’t be fighting over the showerhead.
Sherlock prowls the sidewalk. “Pardon.” He imposes himself upon a single woman of relative age, a divorcee in her early thirties. Lays one on her swiftly, proficient, and about as pleasurable as locking lips with a halibut, if John may hazard a simile. “There.” Sherlock sniffs, mentally and physically preparing himself for John’s assessment. Shaking it out. What
Sherlock doesn’t want the bedroom. Sherlock doesn’t want to move. Doesn’t want John to move. “Idiot,” he says instead of ‘stay’ or ‘no’.
Sherlock shoots him a nasty look.
He missed this. (Well, not this. But
doesn’t strike his fancy. He cradles Billy’s plush head in his arms. Waves Victor goodbye. “Thank God that’s over.”
Sherlock associates intimacy with an intense familiarity that goes beyond memorization of facts, committing to memory thoughts and feelings and honest to God pabulum.
“It can wait.” John’s tone brooks no arguments.
Sherlock does not believe in love. He believes in John Watson.
“Turnabout’s fair play.”
staring. Sherlock never
This thought is marginally soppier than anticipated, but John can’t be arsed to care.
Sherlock smiles. Light source dispersing as it travels through his flesh. Element of internal reflection. His skin looks like strawberry jam. John should see this.
“Me, too.”
John settles for impatient. Explores Sherlock's chest, his belly with the tips of his fingers as they argue about semantics. Sherlock pretends not to notice, but cards his fingers through John’s hair when John nuzzles against his bare skin. Arms wrapping around Sherlock’s back. Pulling him closer.
“You’re attracted to me.”
“Oh, God,” Sherlock groans. “Not you, too!”
? Heterosexual, are we? To what end?”
“Lima syndrome,” John whispers. Or thinks. They’re so close now Sherlock can scarcely tell the difference.
John smiles tightly at the students huddled together under the awning. All clutching their artistic interpretations of John’s scar. He wants to sneer, but he won’t. He’s the only one who seems to think it’s ugly. Then again, he’s the only one who remembers the agony, the heat, the sand, and a little DIY before letting go. Just letting go, resigned to the fact that he was dying.
Brandy, are you reading this?
A waiter approaches the table to refill Mary’s wine glass. He must feel the tension between them because he neither asks after John, who excused himself to use the loo, nor inquires whether Sherlock will be joining their party of two.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How could I forget?” Despite John’s not-jealousy, he’s happy to see Sherlock happy. It’s not often Sherlock gets on with live ones. “Don’t tell me you owe him a favor, Mr. Trevor.”
. John giggles. A little.
Mrs. Hudson beats her ceiling with the handle of her broom. “A little less noise, boys!”
“May I?” Sherlock drawls, standing contrapposto, six feet and one inch of pure sex.
Can he?
“I would if—
“Sherlock Holmes.”
John sets the kettle to boil. Glances at Sherlock over his shoulder.
Sherlock smiles. Trusting John with the weight of his head. He’s so tired. Quaking with exhaustion and relief like cocaine. Fuzzy wool threading through his veins.
John blinks. Must’ve hit his head harder than he thought. Concussed. That would explain the boy’s abject failure to answer his questions. Or it could be that John isn’t speaking coherently. Could be the language center of his brain is on the fritz and he’s waxing rhapsodic in Farsi. “I’m John Watson. What’s your name?” John tries again, enunciating his words.
. Love, marriage, waist deep in the cellar of an old rectory in naught but their pants. A quest, Sherlock had thought, sounded relatively harmless. Like a scavenger hunt. Only he’s getting paid. John might enjoy a risk-free case this once. (On their honeymoon.) A day spent deciphering poetry, libraries and book passages and trees for God's sake. John is ‘starting to feel like Nicholas Cage’, whatever that’s supposed to mean.
John forgets how to breathe. Then he remembers who he’s talking to. “Don’t scare me like that, Jesus.”
Sherlock very rarely finds it necessary to assign anything capital letters, let alone italics, but there are exceptions. Like
So it was either strip naked or delay the arrest of a kidnapper.
me. She’s…” Sherlock, finally, has run out of nasty words. It feels nice.
who was forced to leave the cafe, suspicious circumstances, etcetera.” Sherlock prods at the fried cheese with vague suspicion. Something in his demeanor is notably softer. Whether due to their conversation revolving around his mother, or the time of night, or exhaustion in general. John isn’t sure. A mixture of all three.
Sherlock looks like an indignant emu, arching his neck as if to spit rather than word-vomit how and where and why and when. John’s giggling before Sherlock draws his run-on-and-on-and-on sentence to a close.
A callous insult for John Watson. Sherlock is surprised at him. He loves being surprised at him.
. Because Sherlock Holmes does not fantasize. He pursues. He consumes. And he won’t quit.
“I’m…having a…great. Time.”
“So I gathered.”
“Why?”
A tad on the giggly side from the wine, but Sherlock finds John very agreeable this evening. Could be the lighting. Could be how they stumbled from the tub, prune-fingered and covered in bubbles. It's difficult to get dressed covered in bubbles. Sherlock's pajama pants cling to his legs and his back is itchy.
Sherlock does not weave through the crowd. The crowd breaks upon Sherlock’s resolve, receding, slipping into the sea of bodies.
John stretches. Locates Sherlock under the water. Their legs tangle. They don’t say a word.
, who enjoys chocolate in her peppermint tea. Disgusting. Need I go on?”
John walks backwards. Avoids stepping on Sherlock’s mobile and maneuvers around the coffee table without incident.
“Yeah!” John snaps. Not acting anymore. “And I found that I love you, so there!”
“Get it out!”
“Do you know what that means?”
“Why should I?”
“Sorry,” John apologizes. He wonders if one hundred years of Sherlock Holmes would become boring. Decides it’s not important. Not when Sherlock is informing the theatre manager that the soles of his Leeds are ruined and he’s threatening to sue for damages in what appears to be a serious tone of voice, but not really.
Sherlock collects a spoonful. The ice cream is in a state Harry used to call
“One of the greatest minds of the twenty-first century, I think.”
Sherlock smiles. "Really? How awful."
Sherlock thinks John is horribly romantic. John thinks Sherlock is amazing.
“I know you’re hell bent on dying first ‘n all,” John says. “But I’d appreciate it if you’d stop trying so hard, yeah?”
.) In waves. Languid, electrifying waves. His body riding the crest. His
“Is this you propositioning me?”
Sherlock squints. Tilts his chin. “Where
John Watson has ruined Sherlock Holmes' life. Sexual orientation notwithstanding.
“Touch me,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock doesn’t just look at John, he
“I don’t see why not.”
“Investments. Bartering. You name it, Victor’s fingerprints are probably all over it.” Sherlock pries the card from John’s fingers and flicks it in the bin. “You won’t be contacting him,” he says, making a beeline for the sofa. True to form, he sprawls with the grace of a swan/ballerina hybrid and toes off his shoes.
“Consulting detective. Only one in the world, I invented the job.” Sherlock gnaws on the butt of an unlit cigarette. “Stamford got me the strip gig.”
That is to say, he hasn’t resorted to cocaine to expunge the noise, noise,
John Watson is there. Rather, everything he knows about John Watson is there. Missing pieces. Frayed threads. He’s not wearing any shoes, either. Sherlock rakes his knuckles against his philtrum. Rests his elbow on the back of his wrist. Fingers drumming against his hipbone. Tchaikovsky. He’s having trouble visualizing a combination of John and love. John and
“You asked for it.”
How can John refuse him? “Alright, you wanker. Up you get.”
Because love is a chemical defect found on the losing side. Because John Watson has somehow, someway wormed himself not only inside Sherlock’s heart, but also inside Sherlock’s head—where it counts. Lurking behind his waking eyes. A visceral rhythm. Pounding and pounding in the environs of his sinus cavity. Gunpowder and bullets.
he told John twenty hours ago.
Sherlock is refulgent and pale, surrounded by women dressed in bedazzled eveningwear. In his veins courses the fire of his city, his circulatory system a percussive map of London’s streets. Seventy-two beats per minute.
Sherlock chuckles. Plucks at John’s sodden jumper. It’s getting his shirt wet. But John’s not finished. Sherlock needs to be patient. Except he’s not. “How much longer?”
John approaches Sherlock from behind, somber and more than a little concerned. Sherlock submits to his brain on a regular basis. It probably shouldn’t bother him. Only it does. John wonders, some days, if Sherlock will visit his mind palace and never come back. He touches Sherlock’s arm, but doesn’t expect Sherlock to acknowledge him. Honestly surprises John when Sherlock turns, seeking him out like a flower bending toward sunlight. John rests his hand on Sherlock’s waist. Sways with him, hums a little under his breath.
“You have me,” John assures him.
“Behave.”
A deeply familiar “Oh!” in his ear.
John subsides. He can feel Sherlock’s pulse. A delicate lure beneath his fingertips. He justly believes he will protect him and his carotid artery forever.
A theatrical sigh. Downcast expression. A dash of humility and, “You’re married to your work.”
Superfluous information gets stuck in Sherlock’s head. Stuck as in, literally, stuck. Sherlock cannot delete, reshuffle the deck of data piling high and creating an immense amount of pressure between his eyes.
Sherlock is pretty.
Digs a box out of his pocket. Opens it with fitful fingers and shows John the contents.
Stirs himself conscious. Breathes deep through his nose. Evaluates the stages of sleep John undergoes in the wee hours of the morning, the expanse of cotton sheets ablush with the nightlife of Baker Street. Specters of headlights span across the walls like some kind of Arthurian beast John always goes on and on about.
“John.”
“Here I am,” John replies in kind.
“I’m six tomorrow.”
Sherlock’s smile peters out. “I’ve thought about it. The answer’s no.”
"I...okay." John giggles when Sherlock abandons his earlobe in favor of his cheek, his nostril. Claims his lips while he has the chance. Kisses him earnestly. Laughs outright when the heat seal machine pops open and scares them both.
John patted Sherlock's bum softly as he finished pressing the new cone shaped toy he recently purchased deep inside said detective, "There. Nice and snug. Now let's get to that crime scene," the doctor said as he helped Sherlock pull his pants and trousers up over the swell of his arse.
Thanks for reading! Comments and kink  prompts are appreciated
The day after that they had worked together in their room to figure out the case and John had suggested that he go to dinner with Henry's therapist. Sherlock had looked almost appalled at the idea, but waved John off and told him to hurry up.
"There. Now if anyone tries to bother you, they'll smell me and back off. If they don't, come get me immediately," Sherlock said and turned to stalk off out the door and down to the lobby.
John wasted no time stripping himself completely and pulling Sherlock’s pants down and off his legs. “I’m gonna make you feel so good, you’ll never want anyone else after this,” he groaned, lining their cocks up to grind against each other.
Moaning loudly they began bucking against each other with abandon, falling out of rhythm fast. Sherlock's hand reached under Joan's knee and pushed it up and against her chest, thankful for the yoga classes she had been doing since moving in, and began to rub her pussy against Joan's vigorously, while holding her in place, bringing them both very quickly to climax.
A few tears had rolled down the sides of his face from the feeling of John turning the vibrations off and slowly pulling the toy out of him. John had already came and wiped himself up before Sherlock had even had time to calm down.
He was silenced by John grabbing a handful of his hair and tugging it back forcefully to make eye contact with the detective. "I warned you, didn't I, Sherlock?"
He backed them up and pushed the taller man down on his back onto the bed, stopping to grab the small bottle of lube out that he kept in his suit jacket. He quickly removed their trousers and pants and clumsily squeezed a dollop of lube onto his hand, grabbed both of their cocks, and began to thrust.
Sherlock was always so impatient with foreplay, always just wanting to get straight to the point. John wasn't having it tonight.
Sherlock sat patiently on his bed as he waited for John to come down the stairs. John had told him that he had a surprise up in his old bedroom and told Sherlock to undress and wait for him here.
Sherlock nodded, "Yes, Doctor. My brother is making me get one if I want to continue to work on cases with Scotland Yard," he explained.
Sherlock kept going until the vein in his forehead was showing and he was biting his bottom lip hard enough to taste blood. He was going to come soon and his knot was fully formed.
John sighed, "Sherlock let's hurry and get this over with. I promise if you do not listen to me, you are going to be worse off," he warned.
He stopped his touches on Sherlock, which elicited a frustrated moan from the man, and reached under the bed and brought back a rubber gag.
Sherlock smirked as she pulled back and maneuvered their legs so that one of her slotted between Joan's and leaning her hips down to press their wet clits against each other.
Silence. "And you are?" John asked, wanting desperately for this kid to talk, to stand up, to do anything but keep looking at him like that. It was unsettling. He was starting to feel violated.
But Molly took the words right out of his mouth. "What the
Always intrigued by the misfortune of others, Jim followed the sound all the way to an empty classroom just off of the history wing. There, crumpled up underneath the windowsill and looking quite miserable, was an older boy Jim recognized as Greg Lestrade, captain of the football team and often seen hanging around–
"That is none of your-"
Mycroft did not blame his roommate in the least for hating him. The things he had yelled that day in the supply cupboard out of pure frustration had been awful, many would say unforgiveable. Still, Mycroft had considered apologizing several times over the past week, and had almost done so on some occasions. Except every time he'd made eye contact with Greg since that day, the latter had given him a glare so full of rage, Mycroft had to look away.
Sherlock fell onto his bed, seeming– though it was completely unlike him– to be at a loss for words. "I...she just...I didn't....asdfghjk." He covered his face with his hands. "My god, it was awful."
His father smacked him in the back of the head. "I said, are you going to get the hell out of my car or do I have to drag you out by your ears?!"
"I don't think so, mister Holmes. Harvey told me to keep a close eye on you, and after what you've done, I don't blame him. I told him that I've always known you were nothing more than a delinquent. For the rest of the year, you are forbidden from leaving my class until you have to report to your next one. I will not have you causing anymore trouble at this school."
John sighed, knowing better than to push the issue. He could bring it up later. For now, he sat on the corner of his bed and pretended to be completely immersed in his novel for English class. In reality, however, he was doing what he did all too often lately: watching the brilliant Sherlock Holmes out of the corner of his eye and imagining what it would be like to kiss him.
"And how the hell did that happen?" Sherlock was indignant. "You're three years above me."
"No Jim!" Irene yelled at the same time that Sherlock shouted, "Mycroft, stop! Just let them go!"
, Lestrade. Your ability to arrange words into comprehensible sentences. Every question will need to be redone."
Greg would still be there, he knew it. His roommate had barely gone to meals all week, choosing instead to sleep in late and go to bed early. When he
A small girl with brown hair and pale skin was cowering against the wall by the alley as two boys blocked her escape, laughing as she cried. One of the boys, to John's horror, was shoving his hand up her shirt. John recognized the girl from their chemistry class. Molly Hooper was her name.
John grinned.
The moment the boys were dropped off in front of the school, Mycroft had split off from his little brother without a single word. Sherlock was fairly certain that Mycroft would never speak to him again, if he could help it. That he would do everything in his power to avoid him for the entire school year, and then graduate and move somewhere far away. That he would never return, never call home, and go to his grave believing that Sherlock had ruined his life.
John was awakened early the next morning not at 7, but at 4:30 am; and not by the sound of his alarm, but by the smooth, bold melody of a violin.
__________________________
awake, he would still spend most of his time in bed, tossing his football in the air, but with none of the carefree cheerfulness he had once displayed. Instead, his countenance would change from bitterly morose to one so depressed that just seeing him made Mycroft want to pitch himself off the roof.
He knew what he was looking for; he had noticed the structure in the distance the day he and John had rescued Molly several weeks before. The day they had discovered Moriarty.
Mycroft was typing up an email to his boss, who had emailed him days previously demanding to know why it had been a month and Moriarty wasn't dead yet. Or rather, he was staring at a blinking cursor, wondering what the hell to say.
he responded.
"Jim,
inconvenient for his focusing.
listen to me," Mycroft begged. "I know that I hurt you, and I'm sorry! Believe me, I can't express how sorry I am. But I don't want you to leave." And as Mycroft said it, he knew it was true. Even though he had tried to distance himself when he realized he had feelings for Greg, there was no way he could live without seeing him everyday at this point. "You're the only person I've ever really wanted to be around!"
But these feelings- specifically, the way he felt when John touched him- seemed to screw up his focus every time. Those lasers dissolved into a single strand that could only see and absorb one thing: John. His distinct scent, his warmth, how incredibly soft his skin felt when gliding over his. And those thin, inviting lips that he so desired to have pressed against his own.
The boy lay against the headboard of the bed closest to the window, plucking strings on a violin, looking as if the entire universe bored him. He had dark curls that fell gracefully over high cheekbones, which were partially hidden by the collar of his long, dark grey coat.
"Well
have that drink you offered me earlier." He snatched the clear bottle off the end table before Irene could stop him and took a long drink from it. He lowered it from his lips looking extremely satisfied. "Water."
John quickly exited the car, racing to the back to grab his trunk before his dad could drive off with it.
"Who the fuck gave you permission to leave?!" His father yelled, suddenly. "And what did you tell the police?"
"I-I uh, it-it's not what it looks like," John sputtered in fear, because he knew exactly what it looked like: an obviously poor teenager, covered in sweat, with a large bag over his shoulder, wandering through a rich neighborhood in the dead of night. All it took was one person to look out the window and be suspicious of his figure to call the police. John immediately knew that, no matter what happened now, his journey was over. This officer would surely find out where he lived and take him home.
"Because you are here specifically to do things that I don't want to do." Jim stated simply. "Now hurry, while her roommate is at dinner."
An hour after dinner, John and Sherlock were both lying on their individual beds in silence, but the lights were on and neither boy was sleeping.
"Well?" Oh shit, his father had said something, hadn't he?
"Alright, we have to get him inside," said Jim, his anger at Irene suddenly forgotten. "Grab his arms."
The boy jumped and looked around frantically, as if unsure of where he was. He then glanced at John in surprise. "I thought you went back to bed."
"Wait a minute, John didn't do anything-"
This was a lie. He was never pleased to meet anyone. Mycroft hated people.
"You need to get more sleep, little brother," Mycroft said, his voice raspy.
It was on one particularly cold, rainy afternoon that John entered his dorm after lunch to find Sherlock smoking by the open window, through which the strong winds and scattered raindrops entered, chilling the entire room.
His boss had made it quite clear that Mycroft had no choice in the matter, that to refuse would be in violation of his contract, but Mycroft didn't care. To do this would not only be putting himself and half the students in this school in grave danger (this alone Mycroft could live with), but his little brother as well. And that's where he drew the line.
," said Sherlock. "As if you don't think I'm a freak-"
Absurdly, the mere sensation of warmth in Sherlock's face drew his attention away from the multitude of important matters he needed to focus on, and towards an issue entirely separate from it all: his feelings for John. He needed to kiss this boy a fortnight ago- at the very
"Shh, it's okay," said Greg, sensing Mycroft tense up. He caressed his cheek gently. "Don't think about it. Just sleep. Sleep."
Sherlock sat up, taking a deep breath before looking at him. "Last night," he began. "At the party. You know, before everything went to shit..."
"You have no idea the risks you'll be taking by messing with Jim Moriarty!" Mycroft yelled, begging him to see reason.
wanted?
Sherlock looked up at him, seemingly confused. "What do you mean?"
Although it was barely 8 am on a Sunday and John kind of wanted to go back to sleep, he got up and started getting himself ready for the day.
"Drop your gun." said Moriarty.
hurt him," Sherlock insisted, even knowing that it wouldn't do him any good. This man was an idiot. "It was Jim Moriarty."
"Hang on now," John protested. "Those thugs just attacked her. If there was a reason for it, she has the right to know."
"Greg, I'm not an idiot."
Sherlock was very pleased that he had arrived at the school before his roommate, as it allowed him first choice in his side of the room. He chose the side closest to the window so that he could smoke, which was the first thing he did there, even before he unpacked his things.
Mycroft helped Greg with his chemistry homework and, for the first time, did not call him an idiot once.
He shook his head in disappointment at his younger brother. "I can't believe you Sherlock! When I found out what you were up to, I was hoping you wouldn't actually go through with it. Once again, I managed to overestimate your level of conscience-"
"Take that kid home," he told him, pointing at John. "Here's his address. I've got some important business to attend to." Then he ran after his partner, giggling like a schoolgirl.
his brain reminded him. Sherlock knew that, thanks to his forethought to demolish the crime scene, there would never be sufficient enough evidence to determine that he had murdered Viktor Jabcobsen. But he would definitely remain a suspect, and a significant one at that, and probably accused by the majority of his classmates. And dammit to hell, that was going to be inconvenient.
But Sherlock, already completely absorbed in the list of students on his laptop, waved him off. "John, whatever you're blabbering about is, I'm sure, completely irrelevant to what I am focusing on now, and I would appreciate it very much if you would leave me be."
the rational part of him knew to push what had just happened aside. What mattered now was that they made it through the night. Then, maybe later, they'd be able to pick up where they left off....
Irene made a confused face, and Sherlock took advantage of her momentary distraction by grabbing her gun-yielding arm and twisting it violently, kicking her legs out from under her at the same time. She shrieked and keeled over, quickly losing her grip on the weapon, and just like that Sherlock had overpowered her.
He stepped back, swaying John with him, more of the tea spilling over. John stumbled forward to catch himself.
Sherlock frowned some more. “Yes, wasn’t that clear?” His expression gave way to something more thoughtful. “I should get a ring, though. Sorry, I didn’t have time. I wasn’t planning to propose, you know,” he added dryly.
Sherlock was so caught up in his frantic nerves, the joke in John’s words slipped past him. His heart stuttered in his chest suddenly, beating its way up his throat. Oh. He hadn’t even considered John wouldn’t reciprocate, wouldn’t want to marry him, wouldn’t want to retire with him. He thought his feelings were mutual, if last night was anything to go on.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock's eyes widened a little but John could see his pupils dilate and he heard the smallest of moans come from the detective's mouth right before fastening it behind his head. John knows Sherlock likes kinky things like this even though he will act like he doesn't.
He trembled slightly and pleaded with his body to calm down and not be too obvious, but the vibrations were still going.
Sherlock watched with wide eyes, knowing not to mess with the busy Omega while he decided what was worth being in the nest. Once John was satisfied with his blanket/shirt pile he had created, he came back to Sherlock (who was trying his hardest to focus on eye contact), and softly tugged him to the bed, "Alpha, nest now," he mumbled as he focused on trying to get the detective to come nest with him.
As John continued to praise Sherlock, he slowly pushed the tip of the toy into Sherlock's hole. The taller man's nerves went crazy and he all but begged John to put it in faster, but John wanted to torture him for just a little longer.
John pushed back to meet as many thrusts as he could before he felt heat coil in his abdomen again and his cock started steadily leaking again.
John felt his balls drawing up against his body and he leaned down to moan into Sherlock’s ear. “I’m the first one to ever take you and I will be the only person to ever touch you. You’re mine now. Come for me, Sherlock.”
After a couple minutes of slow scissoring with his two fingers, Sherlock added a third and that got John's attention.
Sherlock licked her lips hungrily before diving forward and pressing Joan’s hips down at the same time, successfully seating the blond woman’s clit directly against Sherlock’s (open) mouth. Joan shivered with delight as she was sucked and licked by her lover in her most sensitive area.
Sherlock gasped loudly and came with a high whine, come pumping out of him, shivering with aftershocks.
Sherlock complied.
They grinned at each other, leaned in to kiss, and curl into each other to catch their breaths.
"Breed me! Please give me your knot, Alpha! Make me sore for days! Please yours, only yours!" John yelled, his entire body shaking from the orgasm building in him, "Please Sher-Sherlock, put your fat knot in me and let me milk you dry!"
John worked fast and efficient to open his lover up with his fingers, then spread a generous amount of lube on his aching cock and easily popped the head in Sherlock's quivering hole.
She leaned down and their lips met gently again, as Sherlock's soft fingers made their way down to rub gently over the top of Joan's silky knickers, directly over her clit. Joan immediately moaned and slipped her tongue deeper into Sherlock's mouth to turn the kiss downright filthy.
"Yes sir. I want to be so good for you, but I'm scared."
He had been on edge this entire time, trying to hold in every sound and impulse he felt, promising himself that he would get John home before he made a fool of himself in front of the entire yard.
Breathless, they both grinned at each other and collapsed in a heap.
He got dressed and stood for a solid 3 minutes, pulling his jumper over his face, to get more of the smell, but he couldn't possibly get enough of it.
It was John's turn to chuckle, "Well, I am so glad I was able to convince you, I've wanted this for so long."
Less than a minute later, John thrusted harshly once, twice, and then slammed his thick knot into the tight hole of the other man, filling him to the brim with come.
Comments are appreciated and so are kink prompts!
John also pulled out a small remote with it and turned it on the lighter setting, the small machine buzzing in his hand.
Their mouths hotly mashed against each other's as they came, juices flowing from their bodies and getting the sheets dirty, but they didn't notice as they stared into each other's eyes, communicating wordlessly in the afterglow of the best session of love making they had ever experienced.
"Well if you would just hurry and solve this hound case, we could go home and I could take care of it."
Very slowly, Joan's hands wandered downward, slipping the dressing gown off the taller woman's shoulder's and following her own fingers with her lips, kissing a soft trail down Sherlock's arm, and down her back.
Sherlock needs to shut his smart mouth up
Sherlock scented John until he was calm enough to stand up and lean on the detective as Sherlock found the fastest route to get them out of there and to the car.
Sherlock, delirious from pleasure, moaned and whimpered helplessly, letting his body be used by the strong Alpha.
Sherlock threw his head back and moaned at the hot friction between them, rocking his hips earnestly.
"Looks like everything's in perfect order, Mr. Holmes."
Joan started panting with each rock of her hips and her legs began to shake hard. With every hurried thrust of her hips against the detective’s face, she came closer and closer to her climax, before tipping over the edge and coming hard, gripping the headboard tightly. Her juices flowed from her and Sherlock happily lapped some up before slowly pushing the other woman from her chest and laying her down on the soft sheets beside her.
John smirked and grabbed Sherlock's hips hard and hauling him up on his knees before he began to fuck Sherlock quick and hard with his tongue. Sherlock threw his head back and groaned, reaching down and tugging on his red leaking cock.
He made sure he was extra clean and slowly made his way into the bedroom with only a towel on. John looked up and grinned, pulling the detective against his own naked body. They kissed passionately for several minutes before John pulled them backwards towards the bed and sat Sherlock down on it gently.
Once there, Sherlock let go of John's hand and went to grab his pajamas to change into, but John caught his wrist before he could make it to the loo. "Thank you for saving me back there. I know you know I can't control those things and I'm not very keen on being hassled by random Alphas in an inn," he said.
"Bored."
After the three boys left and went their separate ways, Mycroft returned to panicking about the job he had been asked to do. He was not unaware that he hadn't yet sent his angry reply before being forced to shut his laptop, but now he wasn't sure if he should. The consequences of breaking his contract would be detrimental to his future, and there really wasn't anything else he wanted to do in life.
"Fuck, this hurts," Seb moaned. His voice was weak. He was losing consciousness fast.
Mycroft nodded solemnly. "Yeah, that about sums it up."
earn me perfect marks!" And with that, the vicious girl stalked off in her six inch heels, leaving John to gape after her in disbelief.
you. I should've sold you out to the police when I had the chance. Now, my last year before university is ruined, because I had to try to protect you. I had to fucking
Mycroft paused, allowing himself to calm down before
"Shhh, be quiet. Just give me a sec to wake up, would you?"
Mycroft followed his order. He was about a foot from the psychotic boy before he was ordered to stop.
Seb stifled a laugh at this, but Irene took no offense. She just stared at Jim, curiously. "Why are you so obsessed with this Sherlock boy, anyway? Isn't it the older one you need to worry about?"
"I'm done listening," Jim cut her off. "Seb, where's my knife?"
___________________________
would definitely like to know
For God's sake, could this kid not take a hint?
He was about to tell her to fuck off when she surprised him. Out of nowhere, the girl grabbed his shirt collar and forced him back against the wall. Holy shit, she was stronger than she looked.
to bring a friend?" John couldn't help bringing up, even though he was secretly thrilled that Sherlock had insisted he come along. They were on their way to Irene's room, Sherlock dressed in his finest shirt and slacks under his usual coat, while John had chosen to stick to his jeans and t shirt (not admitting that he didn't really own anything nicer). Molly had chosen to stay in their room and do homework, having no desire to tarnish her "unpopular nerd" reputation by attending a party.
"....Where the bloody hell did that come from?" Greg asked quietly, his voice shaking. "Have you always felt like this?"
Sherlock knew this question to be rhetorical without Mycroft's signal. 'Dont you?' questions usually were.
"Noimfine," Sherlock muttered, his words slurring together even as he said this. "Dunneedfood."
But he said nothing as John turned off his lamp and crawled back into bed. He just glanced at his violin, considering picking it up once more, but then deciding against it. It worked with boredom and thinking, but not with feelings. What exactly was he feeling, anyway?
The inside of the school was even more pristine and immaculate than the outside, which John hadn't previously thought possible. The shiny, marble floor was made up of a distinctive black and white pattern, which continued down every hallway extending from the entrance.
"Son, thank god!" His father said.
"Sherlock," John began carefully. "I-"
The boy ruffled his own brown hair, something he seemed to do when irritated. "Alright then My
"Christ, Lestrade. It's simple conjugation," Mycroft replied without looking up from his screen. "Do you have trouble finding your way to the toilet at night, as well?"
___________________________
__________________________
It annoyed the older Holmes boy immensely that Lestrade seemed to think being roommates automatically made them friends. He thought of voicing this complaint in third period history, when Lestrade's constant jabbering made it difficult for Mycroft to pretend to pay attention, but....something about the way Greg smiled when he talked to him, something Mycroft couldn't quite explain, made him reluctant to say anything that might hurt his feelings.
"John..." Sherlock breathed, leaning in.
Luckily, Irene was facing the direction of the open doorway and did not notice. Taking advantage of this, Sherlock opened his eyes all the way and observed her face. She appeared both nervous and irritated, and had a distinct countenance of longing. She obviously wished to join the excitement up on the roof, and resented the fact that she was stuck down here.
The boys marched upstairs. As soon as they reached their landing, Mycroft shoved Sherlock to the floor.
Mycroft returned to room 215 B and was surprised to find Greg stirring under his blankets. "....Myc," he whispered clearly, even though he didn't seem to be fully awake yet. He sounded desperate, his voice full of longing. "Mycroft..."
Sighing, Mycroft discarded the remainder of his cigarette and started back the way he came, his mind wandering away from the coming storm and back to Greg Lestrade. It always went back to him eventually, nowadays.
"Based on what I've heard," Harvey practically whispered, "both from your teachers and Mr. Jacobsen here, I think you are more than intelligent enough to come up with a story like that on the spot. I also think you are a liar. An evil, rotten, devious little liar."
"Then don't," said Greg, quickly standing up to lead him to his own bed. "You can tell me about it in the morning. Get some sleep."
"I solve cases."
If Sherlock's train of thought had been malfunctioning before, it was completely derailed now.
"I-I um, I-" John stammered. The large teen, maybe three or four times his size, was staring down at him as several bullies had done before. Being short, poor, and assumed gay by everyone, John had been beat up quite a bit at his old school. Wishing to get a fresh start, he was not ready to make enemies on his first day someplace new. He wanted to go just one year without trouble.
Mycroft talked about Sherlock until the rescue team arrived. He told Jim what Sherlock looked like, what he liked to do, his favorite classes in school, everything. Jim took in even the seemingly useless information about him hungrily, smiling like a shark in front of a school of fish, his cold black eyes glowing with excitement.
He lifted his head slowly and was faced with the back of another. Greg Lestrade's hair was not so much tousled as severely wild and unkempt, as if it's owner had yanked it repeatedly out of worry or frustration recently. The right side of the boy's face rested just below Mycroft's sternum. His breathing was slow and steady. His right hand, Mycroft only now noticed, was still joined tightly with his own.
The girl laughed, reaching between the cushions of the sofa and retracting a small handbag. "Nothing, of course."
Unbelievabley, they were the only two who didn't follow Miss Sandy's instructions, though. Sherlock was disappointed at the compliance of most of the teenagers in this place. Where was everyone's rebellious spirit?
"Of course," answered Sherlock, positively giddy with excitement. "Yet I'm sure Moriarty knew when he told her to write that line that I would bring you with me. Best to just stick with his plan so we can find out where it's headed, then we can improvise from there."
Mycroft couldn't help thinking as he observed Harvey in his fake concerned mask.
to watch over them as he handled the more important matters.
John was speechless.
Unexpectedly, the large kid grabbed Sherlock by the coat collar. Before either Sherlock or John could react, however, a loud voice rang out from across the room.
"-And I'm sure we'd
Mycroft knew his brother very well. He was extremely clever, even more so than Mycroft in some areas, but he was also extremely sensitive. Sherlock cared about much more than he would ever allow even himself to believe. Consequentially, he tended to let certain things to make him upset, and always found ways to punish himself for it. Whether it was by not eating or not sleeping, or even harming himself "for experiments", an upset Sherlock was dangerous, and it was Mycroft's job to protect him from himself.
Sherlock hesitated. "I'm...I'm not sure, to be honest."
Sighing, Mycroft took Greg's paper and examined it. "Your syntax is atrocious."
"Wow, first day is a day off," said John. "I'm liking this school already."
"My mother needs me," he would tell himself after watching his dad mistreat her, even though she was just as psychotic as her husband when she was drunk. The truth was, they both hit each other, but his father always did the most damage.
guess how you assumed the rest, but how can you possibly know that I have an older sister?"
that Jim Moriarty was still alive and in their building, and likely plotting revenge against them for screwing up his plan.
But before Sherlock could answer, the first bell rang. He left the table with John, pausing only to dunk his hair under the water fountain really quick. Then, both boys consulted their schedules.
His last class of the day was French, a class that Mycroft had only signed up for because a foreign language was required for his grade level. Since he was already fluent in French, he decided that this would be the class where he would conduct important business....or maybe just let his mind drift off for awhile.
But instead, John set the instrument down and sat on Sherlock's bed. "What's the matter with you?" He asked, sounding more concerned than annoyed. "Can't sleep or something?"
This can't be happening. Not here. He can't be here
"What are you writing that for anyway? What does it all say?"
Mycroft thought with a flinch. But instead of saying so, he nodded.
He could still remember the day his father gave it to him, after discovering it amongst the stack of files he had stolen from the British Secret Service. Files of possible future recruits. "Look at this one, Jim," he had told his son. "This boy is your age." He had tossed the file to Jim, who had looked it over with curiosity and discovered that he had quite a bit more in common with this Sherlock Holmes than just age.
_________________________
Suddenly, there was an arm around his shoulders, making Mycroft flinch and look up.
Time seemed to freeze as the boys observed each other. Three seconds went by like three years.
"Run!" Mycroft yelled.
that?
__________________________
"I generally prefer not to."
"Let me guess," said Greg, his voice light and humorous once again. "You have to assassinate someone?"
In one of the three chairs in front of the headmaster's desk sat none other than Viktor, their very first bully at this school. Only he was covered in cuts and bruises, and did not appear nearly as scary as he had months before. Probably because he looked so scared himself.
"Aw, come on. I've never shot anyone before! Is it cool?"
"...Some people text sideways."
"Exactly what I just told you," Sherlock explained. "But I'm sure you can guess how that turned out."
"....I did, too."
Sherlock moved to check the clock by his bed. "It appears to be....4:32 in the morning. Why, do you have an appointment or something?"
He froze for a moment with his hand on the doorknob and said a silent prayer to the universe.
"Oh for god's sake, will you quit obsessing over the time!" Sherlock snapped. "It's not even four thirty anymore! It's, like, six minutes past!"
"Put the gun down and I'll tell you."
Greg's hand squeezed back as his eyelids fluttered, and Mycroft found himself staring into those warm brown eyes that he had thought he would never see again. He let out a relived laugh. "Hey," he said.
?" Molly asked. "What kind of important business could a teenager possibly be apart of?"
"You know, Sherlock," she said, finally setting the cup down, her lipstick leaving a dark red stain on the rim. "When Jim Moriarty found me this summer and offered me a part of his plan, my intentions were....much different than they are now."
"I was just-ow!"
"Simple," Mycroft kicked Sherlock's legs out from under him so that they were both on the ground once again. "I care about you, and what has that ever brought me? Endless pain and worry and disappointment, not to mention constant frustration at your stupidity!"
"Sure, but haven't you ever done anything else?" John asked.
"Wait just a minute-"
Seeing no need to go to English with only five minutes remaining, Sherlock limped back to his dorm to shower. As he turned the corner into the B hall, however, he found himself face to face with Jim Moriarty, whose hands- Sherlock noticed immediately- were even bloodier than his own.
They waited until they were a safe distance down the hall, and Miss Sandy's phony-soothing voice had faded out of earshot, to let out the breaths they were holding.
"Is your brother alright?"
__________________________
for a genius if she thought she could get into their pants."
And sure enough, there was a flash of panic in the girl's eyes that even John couldn't miss. Suddenly, she didn't look quite so tipsy. "Hold on!" she said, blushing when she heard how desperate she sounded. She glanced at the clock on her end table (which, John realized, she seemed to be doing a lot tonight). "I mean....you simply
Mycroft sighed, relaxed into Greg's touch, and slept.
"Regardless," he redirected icily. "My feelings on the whole matter are irrelevant; it happened and it's over. What's more important is planning ahead-"
to teach me not care? I don't even know
A moment later, however, John turned back to Sherlock. "Okay, one last thing," he said. "How did you know I want to be a doctor when I grow up?"
John raised an eyebrow. "Are we even
Filled with sorrow and wanting nothing more than to die on the spot, Mycroft closed the door, shutting himself back into the darkened cupboard.
John inhaled sharply, unable to believe what he had just thought, and how fast his pulse had started racing when he had. Luckily, Sherlock was too sucked into what he was reading to notice. Otherwise, he probably would've deduced John's exact thoughts in seconds.
"-but barely."
"Nope. Just more intelligent than all of my teachers combined."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but didn't bother correcting him. The funny thing was that Mycroft knew twenty different languages, but Mandarin Chinese was not one of them. That one was Sherlock's.
"You told him my name."
John scolded himself internally.
As they pulled into the police station. Sherlock felt the need to say something that he'd been wanting to say for the entire ride there.
"But a few weeks ago, I was informed via coded email that Jim Moriarty is free, now attends this school, and has inherited his father's dreams to corrupt the government. My next assignment: kill Jim Moriarty. In my boss's words, 'He's a stupid, overambitious teenage boy without a plan. I'm sure you can handle it.'
subject. You'll have to figure out the rest yourself."
," he sighed. "Where were you?"
"Do you think I'm a fool, Irene?" Sherlock asked. "You turned to pour yourself a drink several times, yet you haven't been drunk this entire night. You've been turning to look at the clock. Waiting for a deadline."
"Not in this heat. And those are shrieks of panic. Someone's being attacked," Sherlock's eyes lit up with excitement as he leaped up from the table to go investigate.
But Mycroft couldn't. Because there was one person in this world that Mycroft cared about very much, and that was his little brother Sherlock.
Irene groaned. "Come
captured he had no earthly idea.
"What
got serious behavioral problems," their mother said. "Neither of you has a single friend at school, probably because of your horrid attitudes."
"Of course," said Sherlock, not taking his eyes off Irene. "It's almost 9:45." He seemed to be expecting some sort of reaction out of her.
That was an understatement. In fact, it took all of Mycroft's years of self-discipline not to dig his knuckles into the maniac's nearest pressure point, killing him instantly. The fact that he
"Yes!" Sherlock exclaimed, showing John his pages and pages of notes. "And it only took me fourteen hours to narrow it down from 274 suspects to one! A bit longer than I had hoped, to be honest, but I'm absolutely sure-"
He liked Greg.
__________________________
"Nice to meet you Graham," said Sherlock absentmindedly, still staring intently after Viktor. Greg opened his mouth to correct him, but John spoke first.
the reason. Why do you not believe me?"
"'Course I did. Can't have my goalkeeper getting in trouble, can I?"
__________________________
They started to lift him, and from across the roof Mycroft watched. He watched Jim Moriarty- the boy who had pointed a gun to Greg's head, who had almost made Mycroft kill himself to save him- about to walk out the door.
Mycroft thought, trying desperately to rip his hand away from Greg's. But he simply couldn't; it was as if his hand was frozen in his grasp
Whether the last question was rhetorical or not didn't matter, as Mycroft answered it when his gaze immediately strayed to Greg's face and remained there. The sight of the boy he loved in the arms of the enemy, completely asleep and ignorant of the fact that his life was in Mycroft's hands, was the only thing that kept Mycroft from giving in to Moriarty's dare.
"Hey, that's my room number!" said Molly, who had read the note over John's shoulder. "Irene..." she looked at Sherlock again, taking in his overall state. "Oh, I should've known this was her doing!"
Mycroft relaxed into his mattress. Yes, he was tired. Tired and relieved that no one he loved had died tonight, but at the same time absolutely terrified for tomorrow.
"While Jim Moriarty was institutionalized last year, we succeeded at taking down his father. For awhile, we though we had won. I was promoted once again and assigned to other matters.
"Well, Moriarty's after Sherlock, isn't he?" Molly prompted. "That's right," she said in response to Sherlock's look. "I was there for that part, and I
Sherlock waited for his brother to throw him under the bus, to tell their parents how he had nothing to do with the drugs, but he just pressed his lips together and took the scolding. Ugh, why wasn't Mycroft defending himself? It was really hard for Sherlock to hate him when he kept being a good brother.
Eventually, it was John who did it. He walked up to Sherlock purposefully until they were less than a foot apart, and put a gentle hand on Sherlock's cheek. The latter shuddered visibly at the touch, closing his eyes and leaning into it.
"Why?" John demanded, flinching as he did. That word had come out more aggressively than he had meant it.
"We should probably head inside," Sherlock suggested. "I'm sure tomorrow is going to be interesting."
of you?"
That is, until he saw Greg motioning him towards a seat in the back.
And he decided that he couldn't let that happen. He reached for his gun.
Much like every other student in the school with more than a single brain cell, Jim never attended the required Behavioral Corrections class. Instead, he often spent first period roaming the empty hallways, thinking and plotting.
cried Molly in disbelief.
"Sort of," he responded, honestly. "Haven't gotten much done, though."
The joy behind this first kiss very nearly outweighed the sadness that it might be their last; the months of tension and confusion that was finally relieved! Mycroft would've been perfectly content to stay this way forever, but he only allowed himself seven seconds. Seven seconds to memorize this pivotal moment in his short life– the surprising warmth of the kiss, the tingling sensation that reached all of his nerve endings, the way Greg's tongue traced his bottom lip, the boy's hands in his hair, and how he felt so incredibly
"That's what I said! I told her she was going to get caught and expelled. But apparently she knows the night security guard. Or at least," Molly added in a mocking tone, "She
__________________________
___________________________
"Right then!" Sherlock slammed his laptop shut, interrupting John's paranoid train of thought in time for him to note his own feelings of jealousy before they slithered back to wherever they had come from.
Mycroft knew he was talking about John Watson. He had suspected this for some time. "You ignore them!" he yelled. "Just like I always taught you. It's the safest way, Sherlock! If there is one piece of advice that is worth taking from me, it's this. People are idiots for caring, and you know it!"
"He really has no concern for his health at all, does he?" Molly remarked.
"Holy shit," said Greg.
Suddenly, Irene's door flew open and the boys jumped apart like the other was on fire. There stood Irene herself, in a tight black dress that left little to the imagination, and seeming completely unaware of what she had just interrupted. "I thought I heard voices," she remarked with a smile. "Come on in."
Molly pressed her lips together and shook her head fiercely, her brown ponytail swinging side to side. "John, we've discussed this. It's bad enough that one person knows, I'm not giving this even the smallest chance of getting back to the police–"
There were a few awkward seconds of silence. Greg rarely lost his cool, blasé attitude when it came to school work. It appeared that he really did care underneath it all, however.
"Well," said Greg, closing the door again. "Either the person came from one of the surrounding rooms or there's some serious paranormal activity going on here, because they're gone. Is that a note? What does it say?"
"Sherlock, what is it?" John asked, anxiously.
Silence.
Irene and Seb were already waiting for him, both looking sufficiently worn out. This pleased Jim as well, because he knew this meant that everything had gone smoothly tonight.
"Not until you tell me what's going on, I'm not!"
Meanwhile, the Holmes boys stared each other down. Mycroft still stood on the ledge, and Sherlock stared up at him in absolute horror. But the stillness didn't last for long. Sherlock rushed up to where his brother stood and yanked him down to leveled ground, as if afraid that Mycroft would fall if he was up there for another second. Then, there was more silence.
"Your friend over there seems very loyal," she remarked, gesturing to where John stood awkwardly. "I thought I told you not to bring anybody."
"I slipped Mycroft the note early on, as soon as I knew you were done with the Hooper girl," Seb recounted. "He should be on the roof by now. And as for Lestrade, he's sedated in his room. I'm glad I caught him when I did, actually, because he looked to be on his way out. Probably to follow Mycroft."
Sherlock sighed as he pulled scrambled eggs from out of his dark curls, not even bothering to go to the bathroom. He acted as if it was a normal, if slightly annoying occurrence to have school breakfast in his hair.
that? "Yes...yes I'm fine." He continued walking, extremely grateful that John hadn't seemed to notice Sherlock's involuntary response to his touch.
Nobody noticed him leave.
kill him."
Sherlock stayed silent.
"You go," Sherlock whispered. "I have to find out what this is all about."
"Sherlock-"
John's stomach clenched at the memory. "Yes?"
John swallowed his jealousy with great effort. "Yeah. Of course."
"Students, I'm afraid that one of your classmates....and I suppose it'd be pointless not to tell you who." He cast side glances at the policemen standing at his shoulders and pinched the bridge of his nose. Despite how he had been a dick to him and Sherlock in the past, John couldn't help feeling sorry for the man. He looked like he had aged ten years overnight.
Sherlock smirked, but didn't answer his question right away. For a minute, he considered lying to John, or just not telling him. He didn't want his roommate and possible new friend to look at him differently. Normally he wouldn't care, but....this boy was different. For one thing, he had known Sherlock for over 24 hours and still didn't hate him, which was a new record. And for another, Sherlock actually enjoyed
__________________________
Mr. Harvey stared at the boys for some time, as if waiting for John and Sherlock to confess, before finally speaking.  "I assume you boys know why you are here-"
"Come on, maybe I can help-"
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. He had not expected her to be so upfront right away.
Mycroft would never admit this, but he hated fighting with his brother. Even now, when he felt that he had a legitimate reason to be angry, Mycroft hated this fight. Not enough that he would do something ludicrous like
And that little, insignificant, two-letter word was what did it. Not the realization that Moriarty was going to kill both him and his brother, and he had no idea how to stop it. No, it was that word– breathed out by his stupidly attractive roommate in his stupidly sexy voice, and what it did to his heart– that broke Mycroft Holmes.
Most of the class laughed, following Anderson's lead and ducking under their desks as Sherlock passed them to get to his seat.
"Have you ever thought that he's simply heard about you from people at school?" John pointed out, although he should've known better. Sherlock was always ten steps ahead of everyone.
do you understand?"
"It's four-thirty in the morning. Why are you bored?"
The two glared at each other intensely. John was as out of the loop as ever, but could guess enough to know that it wouldn't be wise for the two of them to stick around any longer. "Sherlock, let's just go," he urged.
A strong and sudden pain shot through Mycroft's chest. He couldn't take this anymore. The fact that this boy– this sweet and handsome boy who did not even deserve the displeasure of
Sebastian felt the throbbing in his leg before anything else. Before opening his eyes or tuning in to his current surroundings in any way, pain was the first thing on his mind. It was his most prominent memory of the previous nights' events as well. So much had happened— both in terms of successes and failures— and yet it was all so shrouded by recollections of pain and blood and
"It's none of your business!"
John was in awe, and Sherlock just didn't understand. "
solving cases!"
"Because someone's about to die, I'm sure of it!" said Sherlock. "I'm not sure who, and I'm afraid to find out."
"He's been out to get me since the school year started," Sherlock explained. "He's also been observing me from the beginning. Presumably, he noticed that Viktor was the first person I didn't get along with and thought it would be clever to brutally harm him. He obviously threatened him with even more intense violence if he didn't blame the attack on me."
be happier!"
"I know."
"It's not important. Please John, just drop it."
Sherlock looked up at John, his smokey grey eyes boring into him like they so often did, a curious expression on his face. "Fine," he conceded, and turned from his desk as he waited for a page to load.
Sherlock swallowed, still on the fence about telling them this part. He figured they deserved to know. "Viktor Jacobsen."
But now, as Sherlock looked at him questioningly- as if the choice of letting Molly be apart of "this" was something for both of them to decide, John realized that an enemy of Sherlock's was an enemy of his, and that he wouldn't have it any other way.
?" John said, for he could think of nothing else.
John watched him read with fascination. He loved how he seemed to let his guard down entirely as he read, allowing his facial expressions to change dramatically, displaying exactly what he was feeling. It was something that he never did any other time.
Before Sherlock could answer, an announcement came on over the loudspeaker. It was the headmaster, welcoming everyone to Baskerville's and informing them that there would be a mandatory assembly that afternoon,but that classes wouldn't start until 8 am tomorrow.
Molly smiled wide. "Excellent," she said. "Now, I suppose we should start on this lab sometime today."
Sherlock mimed throwing up into his lap, and John had to suppress a giggle. Then, Sherlock motioned to the open door.
"Er, I think I'll go get the lab equipment," said John, seeming eager to escape for a moment. "It says here we need....stuff."
"Well you're not here to share your ideas," Moriarty responded. "You know why you're here...."
now? Was that what Greg wanted?
company as well, which was an even rarer occurrence.
Perhaps it was a placebo, but the food seemed to improve Sherlock's perception almost instantly. His vision was no longer blurred around the edges, and he could now notice things that he hadn't seen a few seconds ago.
"You won't kill him," Mycroft confirmed in a monotone, glancing back at Greg once more. "After I'm....you won't, you
John just nodded. He didn't know what to say next, so he turned to open his trunk, wincing as he did so. He had been wincing all week long, in response to the tiniest movements, but it never hurt any less.
Then he shrugged. "Alright."
"That's not what people usually say."
"I'm not sure," John admitted. "But he's brilliant. And he's my friend."
to care anymore! And now I'm getting these....these
Well shit, he had him there. Not that Mycroft was going to let it show. The only way to quit loving Lestrade, he decided, was to once again shut off his emotions completely.
"I'm so glad this is my last year. I've literally been going here since the year this school was built! I hate it," Lestrade complained. Mycroft knew his last name, but he couldn't quite recall his first. He was about 89% sure it was Gavin. Whatever his name, Mycroft wished he would shut up. He was working on something that required his full attention, and did not care for distractions.
"I told you John,
"I would
"So are we going to talk about it now?" Greg asked Mycroft that evening, in a nonchalant tone that was very clearly forced. As if Mycroft wouldn't notice.
"The room number is 221 B," she said in her bored, nasally voice. "Your roommate should already be in there."
"Er, yes," Sherlock responded.
The primitive surgery would go on to take four hours.
John looked at his friend, and was impressed by his stoic expression in the face of so many accusatory glares.
Greg stood up, freeing Mycroft to so the same. Mycroft waited for his heart rate to return to normal before he spoke, and for the first time, he did not hold back.
Of course Moriarty would leave
But apparently, Sherlock still maintained the tolerance he had built up to the drug.
Both boys once again resumed their tasks, being left to wonder in silence whether or not they liked the other.
"A little over two years ago I was captured on one of my investigations. They wanted to know every piece of classified information I had to offer. Not wanting to fail one of my first out-of-country missions, I told them about my crime-solving younger brother instead. Don't ask me why, it just made sense at the time. Unfortunately, the son of the criminal mastermind took a legitimate interest in Sherlock. He asked personal questions about him, and I answered every one. I managed to survive the interrogation with my agency's plans for taking down Moriarty still secret, but at the price of my brother's safety.
__________________________
John stared at him in disbelief. "You got beat up, and your worried about your
are you doing here, Mycroft?" Sherlock asked through gritted teeth. "How did you even know I'd be here?!" He was outraged and irritated, but he was also genuinely curious, as it became apparent that his brother had been lurking in the shadows the entire time. He must've gotten here even before Sherlock.
But it wasn't as if he had shared any of this with Lestrade.
"So how are you tonight Mycroft?" Jim asked casually. "Feeling a bit stressed out, I assume. Maybe a tiny bit angry as well? Did you like the little murder scene I set up for you in your brother's room?"
"Not as much as I hate you," he replied, simply.
"Roosevelt was several presidents ago and Bin Laden is dead-"
"Good morning class," Mr. Dixon began immediately. "Today we'll be doing our first lab."
Wouldn't it be just perfect if the bloke turned out to be a complete psychopath who would end up murdering him in his sleep? John laughed at the thought, but grew increasingly nervous as he approached his room.
"Hey," he said, quietly. "It's okay."
His partners nodded.
The woman officer seemed unable to contain her laughter. "It's that smart arse teenager you guys have been going on about! The one who keeps trying to help us solve crimes."
"But that still doesn't explain why Jim cares so much!" Sherlock continued. His eyes were darting around with incredible speed as he paced, searching his mind palace frantically for answers while he ranted. "I mean, he obviously wants to murder me eventually, but why? Does he see me as a threat to his father's operation? Why me and not my brother? I'm not even in the secret service! What does he want from me?! Urggggh!" Frustrated at not knowing, Sherlock picked up one of his textbooks from his desk and threw it against the wall.
Without waiting for his friends to respond, Sherlock collapsed to the floor unapologetically and closed his eyes. He appeared to fall asleep right there on the carpet, but of course, you never knew with Sherlock. For all Molly and John knew, he was only in his mind palace and could still hear every word they said.
close watch over you.
__________________________
Mycroft sighed. "That won't work, Greg. And there's no way I'm letting you put yourself in danger for me. This is my problem, not yours." He pushed Greg aside gently and put his hand on the doorknob.
"Leave him alone!" John demanded, standing up to....well, he wasn't really sure what he was going to do, but nobody pushed his friends around!
Sherlock didn't respond. He just retrieved his pack of cigarettes from his coat pocket and pulled out another one, but John confiscated it as well, along with the entire pack. "Stop it," he said. "You don't need to smoke."
But instead of elaborating, Irene laughed and poured herself another drink. "And that is all I will say on
John shook his head.
Wordlessly, Mycroft showed him the note.
And slowly, carefully, but vigorously all the same, John and Sherlock kissed.
"We'll talk about this later, Sherlock. Right now we have to-" he stopped suddenly, staring at something behind Sherlock. The younger boy followed his brother's gaze to find the drug dealer, who still stood there awkwardly with his hands in his pockets.
"I know you," Sherlock said with narrowed eyes. "Why do I know you?"
Sherlock stared. "That
Sherlock waited by the door for John to get dressed, since he himself was still wearing his clothes from yesterday, and then the boys proceeded to their doom.
It was John's turn to think for a moment. "I guess so. It's not like I ever had enough money for anything else. I would go to the library all the time as a kid, just to escape to house. Some Saturdays, I would wait outside it until it opened, and stay there until the moment they closed. I've always loved the library. That's where I discovered the Harry Potter series. I thought that whole, magical world was so wonderful, and reading it always helped me forget my life. I think I read all seven books five times each before the librarian just bought a new set and let me keep the old one. That was the happiest day of my life...."
Then, John was asked a bunch of questions.
happened. And oh, how he wished it had happened.
Finally, promising himself he would accomplish this sedation in five minutes or less, he opened the door.
The only mission on which Mycroft was ever captured, that one unfortunate incident in Ireland now responsible for all his current problems, Mycroft was ordered to answer all of Mr. Moriarty's questions honestly. He had to keep saying useful and interesting things, whatever it took to avoid death long enough for the rescue mission to get there. Fifteen year old Mycroft had never been more scared in his life.
The sky was still dark when Mycroft woke, but that said nothing about the time. It was November now; winter was fast approaching. It could have been three in the morning or seven. Either way, the sky was dark. But more importantly, the rest of the world was not. Because the darkness that should have shrouded the grounds was punctured sharply by flashing lights that bled in through the curtains.
"Sherlock Holmes," Jim whispered, his pulse racing at the mere sensation of the boy's name on his lips. "You will pay for what you've done to me."
"Cases?" John asked. "What, like crimes?"
"Please Dad, it sounds like a prison! Don't send me there, I'll do anything-"
Mycroft sighed.
"Yeah, and I finished mine during her tedious lecture about the book I read when I was six. It was really quite simple–"
"I'm so sorry," whispered Mycroft, still knowing that it was inexcusable. He began to cry as well. How could he have let himself be so weak as to forget that Sherlock needed him? How could he have been so selfish?
Almost as soon as Sherlock had gained the advantage, he lost it when Mycroft flipped him backwards by his own arms. Stupid government training.
Sherlock eventually fell asleep, sifting through John’s hair, thinking about his future husband.
John smiled, watching Sherlock half-pout with a flush high on his cheeks. He trailed his hands slowly up Sherlock’s torso, smoothing up his chest, then coming to rest softly against his face.
John drank a bit more tea, folded up the paper because, let’s be honest, he’s not getting to read that any time soon.
“I agree,” said John carefully, pointedly. When he thought of nothing else, he said, “It was practically a miracle she survived.”
“It doesn’t make any
Sherlock’s eyes twinkled. “You’re my fiancé,” he whispered back. He felt positively content.
He stood abruptly, trying to gulp down air like water. He shook his hands through his hair, but it wasn’t enough to ground him. He gripped tight on it instead, willing himself to calm down, when he heard John’s voice-
Right. Yes. Of course. He would tell John in the morning.
“Yes, fine, I know, I will. Today. But first, we’ve other things to attend to,” he said, kissing John again.
“I’ll kill you,” said Sherlock.
“-sorry, I’m sorry, Sherlock, listen to me.” He grabbed Sherlock hands, stilling them, pulling them down. John ran his thumbs along Sherlock’s skin, his hold strong enough for Sherlock to focus on the feeling. “I shouldn’t have said that, I’m sorry, calm down, you’re okay, I’m sorry. I understand. I understand. Sit down, c’mon, you’re okay.”
John stirred a bit (terribly light sleeper), trying to lift his head up against the weight of sleep, and hummed a little, “Hmm?”
, he began thinking a mile a minute, brain churning with the rush of happiness and joy of finally, finally, getting to kiss John, among other things.
“Yes, I suppose I will, you absolute madman.”
It was much later in the evening when John asked him about the resolution of the case. Sherlock had gone, albeit very reluctantly, and went, and by the time he came back John was nearly jumping out of his skin with anticipation. It was with matching enthusiasm that they jumped each other’s bones, and John hadn’t really had time to ponder the case until now. They were lying in Sherlock’s bed, freshly showered, and Sherlock was drawing a very intricate pattern on his chest. John was sifting a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
“I should think not,” he said. “Why don’t you tell me how you came to this conclusion? Since you hadn’t been planning it, I assume something changed your mind.” He was teasing a little now, too, which is a good sign.
Sherlock stepped into the kitchen fully then, toeing into John’s space. “And what if I did? Would it be not good?”
“We should get married,” announced Sherlock.
John felt completely, absolutely gone on him. He stood, tugging Sherlock to the sofa.
“No, I got that part,” said John, smiling a little. Smiling was good. Maybe this would work out in Sherlock’s favor after all. “I meant, I just... I don’t know, I’m asking why, I guess? I mean, are you proposing to me?”
“So,” John said, interrupting the comfortable silence, “how did you know what happened?”
” Sherlock half-whined, half-yelled, pressing his forehead into John’s for emphasis.
John paused, leaned back. “You solved it?”
John, understandably surprised, tried to inhale the bite of toast he’d been chewing on. He coughed, sputtered, struggled to swallow around the bread and took a large gulp of tea. He was pink in the face.
“I guess I don’t owe you that kiss, then,” John quipped back, leaning in to nose at Sherlock’s jaw. He pressed a whisper of a kiss to the skin there, and Sherlock slid one hand up through John’s hair, keeping John steady.
“John,” Sherlock breathed out. His voice had turned a bit wobbly, and his hands were restlessly carding through the hair at John’s nape.
“What?” John asked, feigning nonchalance.
John laughed, clasping his hands together at the small of Sherlock’s back. “After all that, and you need to double check I’ve said yes?”
“Did you mean it?” he asked, a bit daring. They had been playing this game of cat and mouse for awhile now, to be honest. He felt he already knew the answer.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Hey,” he echoed, teasing.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “We should get married. We should be married. You should be my fiancé, then my husband. I want you to-“
“Sorry?” he squeaked out, through a few more coughs.
John opened his mouth to respond, but Sherlock flicked a hand in his direction. “Yes, I know you agree. Say something else. Something
“Christ,” said John, then he realised. “But the boyfriend spared her, right? I mean, like you said, they were pretty smart about the whole thing, he couldn’t have let her go by accident, right?”
Then he heard slow, careful footsteps tracing back up the steps. Sherlock’s head peeked past the doorframe, eyebrows furrowed.
Sherlock acquiesced, then, overwhelmed with sensation, rushing to say, “Fine. You’re brilliant, John. You’re brilliant, I promise. You helped me solve the case, really.”
Sherlock heard the smile in his voice. He twisted around to face him, and asked, “Really?”
Sherlock perked up, turned quickly and suddenly to face John. He stalked up to him, gripping John’s shoulders so brusquely the tea from John’s mug sloshed over the side.
John let himself be pulled back down the hall, back to bed. Later, when they were walking down the street to a ring shop, John bumped shoulders with Sherlock and said, “Hey.”
“Will you marry me?” Sherlock asked.
“You won’t, said John, sucking on his neck.
“Kiss me,” Sherlock demanded, trying again to press his lips to John’s.
The bell rang and Greg bid them farewell. "See you around, er..."
"Fuck," Sherlock muttered, looking as if he knew exactly what was going on.
"Of course not," he responded, and then proceeded to explain that he had spent all of last night making deductions, and had figured out that Moriarty had done it specifically to frame him.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. John wasn't reacting the way people usually did. "Well....it's obvious that you've been abused your entire life, since your own bruises don't seem to phase you. You're used to them. Your father is the primary abuser, but your mother sits by and let's it happen. She's an alcoholic. One of your parents is bound to be, since you obviously come from the poorer side of your town and you aren't well fed because most of your family's income is spent on alcohol. The normal assumption is that the father is the alcoholic, but no, those bruises are too well-aimed for a drunk man to have made. That leaves your mother. But that's not all is it? No, you also have a troubled sibling. Most likely an older sister-"
"Everything is
"On the contrary, I have not told one joke for the duration of this useless conversation."
He was positive that Greg noticed.
It was the obviously suggestive implications of that last line, complete with a winky face at the end, that really did it.
"As do I, Seb, but she is valuable."
"No, Sherlock."
John had turned out the light hours ago, and still his friend lay upright against his headboard with his eyes staring off and his fingers steepled in their usual position, sitting in absolute silence. John found this even more frightening than the frantically pacing Sherlock of hours earlier, because at least then he was talking. Now, he was as still and silent as a statue, and looking just as likely of ever coming back to life.
Mycroft didn't answer. He just read the two sentences over and over again, growing incredibly numb as he did so.
Then he hugged him, and Mycroft hugged him back, shaking but still not crying.
